ST. MICHAEL’S CATHOLIC CHURCH, TALLANGATTA. FOUNDATION-STONE CEREJIONT. A LIBERAL OFFERTORY. Sunday last was an eventful aay for the. Roman Catholics of Tallan gatta district. in that it marked the first important stop in the direction of church-building operations. As long as their services have been conducted hero, the Roman Catholics have had to bo content, in the first place with private-house meetings, and latterly with the Athenaeum-hall. After un couseionablo delays, the tendor for erection of a brick church was lot about three months ago. The success ful tenderer was Mr. R. Stockdale, of Melbourne, the contract price being £049/8/, the bricks being provided by the church committee. The architects are Messrs. Clegg, Kell and Miller, of Maryborough and Ballarat. Building operations had advanced sufficiently to aliow of a defiuito announcement being made a fortnight ago concern ing the date for laying the foundation stone. This ceremony duly took placa on Sunday last, Dr. Revillo, tho coadjutor-Biskop of Sandhurst (of which diocese Tallangatta forms a part) being present to perforin the important function. Mass'Vas' celobratert at S a.m.. and again at 11 a.ui. by Father Ilyau. Before the la6t gospel at second mass, the llev. Father O’Connor announced the Lenten regulations and dispensations. He then statod that the contractor ex pected to have the new church ready for opening on the last Sunday in May or the first in Juno. The Bishop would re visit T'allangatta for the opouing cere mony; and also would on that occasion sulminister the sacrament of confirmation. Meanwhile, Mass would he held fort nightly, and the visiting priest would attend after Mass to give instruction to thoso preparing far confirmation. The Bishop took for his text the gospel of St. Luke, viii., -1-15, iu which Christ spoke the parable of the sower and the seed. In a plain and earnest discourse, the right rev. geutleman dwelt upon the parable iu its applicability to their daily lives. Christ had recourse to parables when He wished to instil truths into the minds of the people. The parable utidor notice was deemed of such importance that Ho explained the meaning thereof to His disciples, and, through them, to us. The sower was Himsolf; the seed was tho word of God. Tho seed that fell l»y the wayside represented relapsing siuners. That which fell on the rock was emblematic of hardened sinners; tboy wore ilidifforent to God, through the indulgence of their passions. They heard tho word of God, hut tho seed was des troyed by their passions, which they were unwilling to resist. Tho seed falling among thorns was symbolic of those people who heard God’s word, but who, when out of reach of the word, forgot their good resolutions and relapsed into sin. The seed which fell' upon good ground was typified in thoso good, pious rind faithful Christians, who. hearing it, carried oiit tho word of God, practised tho divine teachings, and did well iu ull things; and in doing sn produced fruit a hundredfold. They learnt God’s word through the vnico of His ministers, and by reading tho hihlo 'and other; pious luioks. God’s word was also brought homo fous by the example sot liy those wlio lived good and holy lives in our midst; and also by thoso holy and pious thoughts and sentiments which inspired us, mid'which we all experienced from time to time. The ornl for which God spoke was to induce us t.o do all works pleasing to Him. Wo must obey His commandments, and, by doing so. work out our salvation. The one grand, sub lime end in viow for all of us should he to love God here and enjoy Him for end less ages hereafter. To possess God was beyond our weak strength,-, hut Ho demanded no impossibilities of us. Wc were asked to'do what wo could, mid IIo would supply tho rost. They could con ceive nothing of more dignity than the human soul, whether in regard to its origin, nature or end, as set forth in Genesis, lloflection on' tho gifts of memory and understanding would enable them to be hold tho nobility of man’s soul with tho divine imago impressed upon it. Man was created king of the universe, all tho animals, beasts and fishes being made to serve his purpose. When they visitod tho silent graveyard, to tond the spot where dear onos were laid at rest, did they think that tho souls of tho dead were con tained in their bodies? No; iuitli told them that, at death, the soul left tho earthly body to appear before God and receive judgment us had boon promised. Tho preacher sketched tho life of Christ, sent into tho world for man s salvation. They wore told that at 12 years of ago Christ was subject to Mary and Josoph. That was an example for children to follow in regard to rendering obedience to their parents. During Christ's 33 years’ mission on earth his sayings and doings showed that lie was no ordinary man ; ho proved himsolf a divino mes senger, whose end was to-restore man to his original inheritance. Christ’s advent liad altered tho conditions of society . existing up to thou. Knowledge of the true God was confined to a handful of people in n comer or Juana, oij uiuiug.) showed that the people were given up to passions and vices, to excuse which thoy ^created deities of drunken news, impurity, &c.; Philosophers existed who knew the vanity of those deifications, but who had not tho courage to stand forth and de nounce the wrong and folly of such. Christ did this, and, by supporting Ilia teachings by miracles, demonstrated the divinity of llis person. Tho first words of Christ in His memorable seruiou on tho mount, declaring who wore blessed, spoke of His divinity.. He said, “ Blessed are the poor in spirit; for thoir’s is the king dom of heaven.” Up to that time, poverty was looked upon as an evil, to bo avoided at all hazards—a condition of disgrace, for which there was no charily. He further said, “-Blessed are the pure in heart; for they shall see God.” Before that men believed iu gratifying their passions; they had been loading lives like unto the brutes of tho field.. But tho divino messenger taught thorn to squelch their passions and lead pure and holy lives. He had also, taught -us not to avenge insults; to.lovo thoso who hate us',.and do good to those who persecute us: To 6Uoh as do these things was promised ..possession of tho kingdom of heaven. God - expected . those divine losson8 to hi reduced to practice. The Son of God allowed Himself to bo crucified j that His Blood might wash away. man’s 6iu, and allow man to walk in llis foot steps with the end of enjoying Him.i.n heaven. The virtue of forgiveness was demonstrated,..!)}’ Christ’s .supplication on bel.-alf of His. persecutors, when suffering a cruel and.ignominious death,- ',' Father, forgive them--; ..they, kuow nottwhat they do!” Tho-lwart? of.all professing chris tians should 'go' forth’iti love to' Him who had done so much and promisor! so much for thorn. In conclusion, His Lordship took the opportunity of congratulating the Roman Catholics of Tallangatta upon their endeavors to removo the obstacles 1o the practice of their holy religion. They wore at prosont ongagod upon a work the nature of which was without doubt ploasing in tho sight of God. viz., the erection of a house in which He would oondoseend to dwell. They were now approaching a consummation to which they had looked forward for years. Many of their co-religionists whoso eyes had been closed in death had felt and expressed regret that they could not live to see the accomplishment of their reli gious desires. Those present should rejoice at having been spared to witness that day’s ceremony, the first important stop in the direction of possessing a church of their own. And their joy would ho crowned in tho opening of their church for the sacrifice of tho holy altar, and the divino blessing which would fall upon them all in slj doing honor to God. lie could assure lii.l hearers that they did not experience a greater feeling of pleasure and satisfaction than lie did him self at the early prospect of having a church of their own. When thoy saw thoir handsome editico in its exalted position, thoir thoughts would go up to heaven to God, in whose honor the build ing was being erected. Whon they saw Gad’s ministers standing at. tho altar thoy should call to mind those absent ones who liad helped in tho good work, and had gono to their reward, lie prayed that the word of God heard at the altar would enlightku them and their children uu(l purify their souls, and that God’s clioicost hlossings would bo their portion. Finally, he urged all present to help the church to the best of thoir ability, and abundant grace would descend upon thorn and their A procession was thou formed from the Athenaeum-hall to tbo church site, to witness the formal laying of tho founda tion-stono. The procession was headed by tho altar-boys. Thou camo the girls, who were followed by tho ladios ot tho congregation; noxtinordercamotho boys, thou tho men. Tho Bishop (who had previously been invested with tho mitre and cope), attonded by Fathers O’Connor and Ryan, brought up tho roar. After devotional exercise at tho altar site, tho bishop approached the foundation-stone on tho western wall of the building. The stono had a marble facing, which bore tho following inscription in gilt lettering: — D.O.H. Son In-voc.vtio.ve S. JflCIIAKLIS AbCHANOELI anw us Rev. Steph. Eeville, Ep. Saxdh. Hu.vc Law dem Posuit. A.D., MDCCCXCVIII. (TranslationTo the great and omnipo tent God this church is dedicated, under tho patronage of St. Michael tho Archangel. The Most Rev. Stephen Revillo, coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, laid this stone. In the year of our Lord, 1S9S.) The Bishop read a lengthy prayer, in cluding the Litany of the Saints, tho two priests supplying the responses. A round was then mudo of the boundaries of the building, the Bishop sprinkling the corners with blessed water. Returning to the foundation-stone, some further devotions were recited. Tho contractor (Air. Stockdalo) then placed the stone in position, having first deposited in a crevice beneath tho stono a bottle con taining copies of the Upper Murray and Mitld Herald, the Age and the Argus, coins of the realm, and a paper bearing a Latin memorandum of which tho follow ing is a translation:—“ The foundation stone of this ohurch, undor the patronage of St. Michael tho Arohangol, was laid by tbo Most Rev. Stepheu Roville, coadjutor llisbop of Sandhurst, on 13th February, 1S9S, during the pontificate of our most illustrious Father, Popo Leo XIII. Tho Very Rev. Alichaol O’Couum, parish . The workmen having put the plumb rule and level over the stone and signified its correctness, Tho Bishop gave tho stono a few taps and thou formally declared tho founda tion-stono of St. Michael’s Church to bo well aud tvuly laid. Father O’Connor thou stepped forward. IIg said:— I feel proud to-day. I ex pononeo the greatest pleasure iu seeing this foundation-stone laid to-day by the Bishop. Wo are beginning to realise the yearnings of yours. For some 20 years this oveut has boon looked forward to by Catholics in this district. What was it that sustained them during that long period of waiting—seldom hearing the voice of a priest—when other congre gations, similiarly circuiustaucod, would huvo been scattered ? It was faith that sustained them to wait for to-day’s pro ceedings. To-day wo have entered upon tho incipient stage, and wo expect to assemble here together again on 1st June, and have consecrated our own church oreotedto tho glory of God by your efforts and by your faith. Your faith has been triod by'deprivation for years of religious and spiritual consolation, oxcept foi^the occasional visit of a clergyman, bach deprivation would divarf any but the most nrdont and vigorous faith, which is pos sessed by the people in those mountains. It is therefore all tho more gratifying to see your religious aspirations about to be accomplished. To-day brings joylul tidings. You will soon have u place of your own in which to honor and serve Qod. This church is dedicated to God under the patronage of St. Michael the Archangel—tho standard-bearer of the heavenly host. Ho it was who repelled ' the angels who rebelled agaiust God. I will translate one of the praycis read by the Bishop when laying tbo stone. It is as iouows; — <‘Ia this faith of our Lord and Saviour j Jesus. Christ, we place this foundation stone ■ in .the name of the Father, the Son and the j Holy Ghost, that the true faith may ever flourish in this parish, that the fear of God may ever remain amongst the people, that fraternal charity may ever dwell amongst j them, and that this place may bo ever assigned to prayer, to the invocation and to the praise of the name of the same Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ, who, with the Father ■ and tho Holy Ghost, liveth and roigueth for ever, world without eud. Amen.” Immediately before that there was anolhor prayer, which has a special application to yoil and your duty iu regard to this building. It was as follows:— “Bless, 0 Lord, this creature stone, and grunt that, liy the invocation of Thy most holy name, whosoover shall givo with a pure heart assistance to tho building of this church will receive health of body and sanctification of soul.” ■ Father O’Connor then made a charac teristic appeal to his flock to “ gild the stono” for him, his jovial sallies causing considerable diversion. In the course of his remarks, he took occasion to publicly thank Mr. T. J. Murray, through whose business capacity the church site . had •boon obtained for £S. In response to the appeal gold, notes •and cheques poured iu until in. a few minutes Mr.. John Ley, the treasurer, was able to announce that the very satisfactory sum of £54 had been received. 'Mr. Jas. Kearney headed the list with 20 guinoas, the announcement of this handsome do nation being warmly applauded. 