Brisbane Motes. (From oub Cokkespondent.) Anril 12. Speaking of the prosecution of the ex directurs of the Q N. Bank, ib is certain a v considerable revulsion of feeling has ensued on the subject here. Nothing would have been more popular six months ago. It is by no means so popular now. The Labor Party are partly responaibie for this changb, -which has come over the spirit of the community. They must needs play their trump card to death, until people got nick of the very name of tha Q.N. Bank, and were willing to give ita rest. Bui clearly the death of Sir Y Arthur Palmer had the greatest effect; in ? the direction indicated. People remember . what a fiae, rough, sturdy, honest, truthful old fellow he was, and to think that after all hia services to the country he should dia at four score years with a criminal indict- '?!-? ment hanging over his head! Even tha ? less sentimental fall in!o line by observ ing that ' one of them is gone now, and why prosecute (or persecute) the otherB 1' Some of the survivors, icdaed, threaten to go the same way before long. One of them at least is but the ghost of his former self. It is a and thing, perhaps, to o*rry out the law to ita bitter end in every case, but it would be sadder still for those invested with the carrying out to fail iu their duty through fnar, favor, or affection, to be moved by either senti mental or political exigencies. Once a true bill is fonnd by the legal machinery employed to that end, it is the duty of the head of the Department of Justice to prosecute. This is all that has been done in the mat er by Mr. Byrnes. The duty may or may net have been painful to him — '' upon th-it I have no informa tion'— but .t was a duty, and long may we have men in high places equal to their duty. The terrible rooting up of our streets still goes on — is rather increasing in violence than abating. Bad enough at any time, it is rendered ten times worse by ita erratioiem. No one knows agin. - whoso door the roo'ers will start next. And even tbit is not thewor3tof it. Tha eccentricity of the bosses, if any, who preside over this business is responsible for many of the delays in the wood-paving — a miserable enough esperienco, for tradesmen especially, even when not delayed, but verily maddening as being - ??- carried out. The city fathers, or theic abettors, seem to be always getting in tha road of the contractor with something to dig in or dig out. Tha want of a drain or a main here, of a sewer or trap there, is remembered, 'pro- miscuous - like,' as tha wood-paver appjOichea the spot. The other day tha contractor was getting ready to plough up another semi-section of street, when the genius who directs the corporation giant all of sudden bethought him that some thing had to be dug in or out first— some rooting to bo doue, anyhow— and the excavating portion of the contractors' stiff have been idle ever since. All this will go to arbitration eventually, of courae, although some opine the Supremo Court will see the end of if, arbitration being too alow, not to say too costly. On top of all tho street-rooting come those who are laying the pipea and troughs for the tele graph and telephone wires. But this job is being carried out by the Government in a sersible manner, the gang keeping well clear of othar rootera, and especially tha wood-paver. , I am glad to hear the proprietor 01 tlss Gympie theatre refuses to leb ib for any more boxing contests. Last night we had an exhibition at th6 Queensland Sporting Club hera which should be enough of that Brisbane Notes, [CONUNtJBD.] kind of allege! sport for a long time for all the spect*tors who can boast of having souls in them. And yet; it was as nothing to some of the displays, the necessary battering having been effected in three rounds. What would you say to seven teen of them, by which time tho combatants more resembled (sc^rce-y) animated masses of black and blue raw meat than human beings 1 Nothing is more degrading— or popular— than these ' boxing contests.' , Gympie should feel proud of her record ab the Eisteddfod. This is the kind ot contest which is worth encouraging, and is calculated to put down the other brutal affair. 'Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast.' Our ' On Dit' man says to-day : ' That the Gyropie choir which defeated Lloyd's Ipswich choir must be exceptionally good, but the competition? are never very satisfac tory.' No more they are — to the losers and their friends. Unmusical people do not understand that these competitions may be judged by points with the niceBt accuracy. . 