REFERj-vrKS have been made in Oiesi! columns from Lime to ticie Lo two syndicate bills now before Parliament in competition for riphl* and consider able cijnccyy-ionh of lur.d and water to construct a railway across tbe large and 1 Lwcl'U Creek and western mineral fitld?. These Ij;11r cropped up lasi Bussion, and have been mnniug b 6ort of neck and neck race through the course of PurharneuLarv procedure, until they have now arrived at a Btage when the legislature is called upon to deal with them in a definite manner. Both have been subjected to investiga tion bv aclect committees, and both ore iunv In the hands of mem ben with modifications m the committees have considered deflirnble to recmumcnd to Parliament nfber hearing expert and other evidence. Tlu- time haa there fore come when Rome attention may be profitably given to these measure*, the proposals made in thern by their pro moters, and the prospects of the ruilwav taing made if tbe rigbteand concession a^ked for are granted to one or o'Jier of the competitoi-fi. With re pa rd to the priuciple involved in the question of Htatc or pvudic^te ru'.hvavs, little need )](? said, for 'Jie u ill of tin' countrv aud of tlie legislatnre has beeu mude un inisLftkabK clear bv the precedents established iu the case:, of the Waratah ZecliQ n and Great Western railway? The; people of Tasmania believe in the t'ji'je au-nerh.hip and control of roilwai-g, and the main lines cf ruilwnv :n the colouv are held una worked 'by the Gum nimerit. lint it 16 recupuipcd that there nr.; Inr^e areas of country lying nndiiveloj cd for waul, of means of access and Kuch com enieucjs of Hpoi'dy and economics! tran.sit as raihsavs supply If the colony were m a position to con- ' struct rail h avs ivlierevt'f tliev are ncces »tv to open 'the country, bring the land under HuLlJement and cultivation, and | ensure proJit-.ibli: working of the mineral 1 deposit* known to exist then?, hvndi cati'.-i would not s:and the ghost of a chalice of [iG^uinug righl* and coi)L'i.-ftpiuiis for making iiidwavs. But sircing as the ser.liment in favor of suite railwa»H it h^--, and medy Uio, r.oL been alluwud to htj nd in t]ie way of tho pro^i-ivs of the colony by the nuW uf p:iv;iU' rrit^vpi-ist; uhcru thp state I i'^-'H. It haw tin'rc'fon? now beconic l!;e praiuiee to consider railwav con ftiru/tiou proposals, ;inblicoTid pri\'nU' uhke. as they come up and deal with, them Kco.'Jvding ihoir ref-perlier iner.^. Tne argirnenU RneneKnf ullv advauecd in fa^'or nf granting rights the Warataii'-Zi-ehan and lireat \ves tern railways may lercitimatolv and without diinuuition of force lie applind tu the present proposal* for ruuninc r line w:rus5 the country betwem Mo'.e Creek and tbe western minpr.il fields. The cases stand on nil fours M;th eac!; other. T/:cre is a huge tract of rountry awaiting Bcttlement for agneulninil pnqioaes mid exploitation for niinera! i wealth. It is cow locked up, and is not likely bo beoonic of any p.irt:culav vahn; to the colony uutil a i-uiUvoy in put through it. In addition to opening up this country, «nd conven'Dg it from an unprofitable to a profi1 uhle asset, a railway will stipplr the additional means of cumnr.uueation required bc tween the already well nettled port'ons of the colony and' those Inch are being worked for minerals to a greater extent vear bv vear. Tiie colouv is not in a positiou to carry out tbe work itself, although it rrrogn igrs c!carly euongh tiiat n the railway were lain down rnanv advautages arising1 out of in creased popnlatlon, Bcttlcment, and wealth would accrue Ui ilui suite and the people. We, therefore, set out uporj an examination of the rival bills quite clcar of the quc8tion« of the der sirability or otherwise of syndicate rail ways in general aDd of this one in particular; the necessity of a railway and the expedi'etijv of one on a svndf cate I^ih tx-ing admitted, Riui 'with pertinent precedents already estab lished. Tlie first petition fo'r leave to introduce a bill was that upon whioh the Great Midland and West Coaxt Railway Bill wag brouglit in, This petition is doted Rcpu-mJier SO. jfiS7. On another petition, dated October 14, ]8!-7, the Tasmania^ Ortral and West Coast Railway Bill was introduced. The promoters of these respective Lhe qucstlou cf priority, Ld if that were the ouly point i^ou phich the legislature had to decide k± b«#-piia them it might be given Mrioa. con, sideration. But we asaume that Par liaioent will be guided in coming to a decision largely by the nature and ertenfc of I he CQU^sions asked for and mostly by the bona We* Bho*n by the promoter, a. to thefr abijity U) poo. struct the railway, Tbfl necessity pf the liafi and ^ dralnbllit/ of , allowing it to be laid by a syndi cate bcinp admitted, the matter of concessions cannot be Bettled en tirely withont regard to the proepeota of the work being done. In hiH evi 1 denoe before one of the select com mittees, the General Manager of the Government Railways, w%o is an opponent of syndicate railways, said that the syndicate which obtained the least concessions would do the colony the least amount of harm. There ib doubtless a jot of troth in the assertion. But his definition of the situation would have been more complete if he h«d aided that the syndicate able to offer best chance of getting it taken up by M-e capitalist*. And that inasmuch as the land and water to be conccdcd are practically valueless to the colony now, the matter of prantiug more of one or the other, or of both, is scarcely as important as that of giving enougfi to ensure the provision of the tieccssary capital. In other words by cuttiog tbe concessions too fine the legislature might make the project bo unattractive to capitalists that they would refuse to have auything to do with it. On the other hand it is clearly desirable that the colony should make no more con cessions than ure necessary to enable the promoters to carry out the work. The state could cot construct the rail way without becoming responsible for the* interest on the capital. Not being in a position to a&snme; that responsi to do the work without thev arc cer tain of receiving something substantial in lieu of the state's fteenrity for in tercut. i What arc tlie concessione asked for bv the two syndicates, and the conditions ther are willing to submit to ? These Will be more easily cornered and be by side : Great Midland. Tasmania*) Css ofVoo'otlO°Bcr«'^f ^pletio^* rf unoccupied Crown tbe i-rUwrj of 60,000 Authority io *p- Authority to t«ke prcpriMc from my water for 15,000 rWer« rIour tbe line br*ks hoJCe - power, of railway wALer iubj«ct to limiUr ^n BpgTTjfale of nual charge, etc., M 2'j, 000 broke horse- prodded ic tbe ca« iw«-er, Bubjecr to «c of the Ore at Uld Brnoal charge to be land, fixedly the Oover than workine tbe to be relumed to the I'ower to supply Vower to rtppW elcclricitj subject !o electricity wilbio thr approvftl ] of both Ixj th HnSSU of Pa * Houiei of I'arlia- li.ment. A royalty of JJ A royally of 4 F'F.rS and gold obtained »ud gald obtiiced from tbe land leued, i ton tbe land £BU00 with tbe Tixa- pout *5000 w(tbio Burer wiihio six twelve months, lo l-e rnonfLf of the fi&M-; rciumed when ing of tbe Act. to U Tcllesof the Hoe ba»e rarunjed in butsi of litcti conB!rucl«d. iL tjOO ujxia inch All riKblB and con Bf-cnt ir. uiflVitiK * 'be de[-o*it he cdI W8T ;'a lorther Boca of '-iB(XKl to be de posited within twelve ing of lhe Act. Jf nublB and concci Tbe dcpof'.t end r'.I If five milen of tbi ri^blB nud rnnrf»- railwtiv l-« tint oon Binn* to be forfeited sLructc'd v. i i b I n two if f-ir* railway i» no: year*, [be deposit made la fi\e ytors. and all ripbti and conrtMionB io be for feited. sumi.' ibe land cuni- afier L'l rcartt the iirued ir, lln: jirimnrr wvroe si uf tbe raic fejmi' after 2S vtars uf (he Great Mid upcm psyment of the lande. of tbe milwav ar.d an addiliosal W i*r ?i?cnil iTh of I'ii r- Member* nf Par Imirent n.r.d tb.ir Ji.amefu rtt( their wivea to tmvc: fri;e wnu* to trnrel frc« nn Ibe on the lice. Tin; particulars a* to periods of time and same of niouey herp given are thoec These are somewhat different to those contained in the bills aa tliey were re mitted to the eommitteeh. Foriustauce, the Great ifidlaud promoter asked for a leofce of 490, acres or laod.au area equal to that ob^ined by the Great Western syndioate for o rftlfvvay of about the same length, but the committee cut tlie area down to 300, 0U0 acres. The Ta^mauiau Central asked for the same rate of royaltv a« that provided for the Great Western and Great Midland IcAsea, but the committee raised the rate to four per cent., presumably on account of the laud in the ca^e of the Ta^manian Centra] being granted in Btead of leased. ParlioiBent has to decide therefore which of tbe two set# of concc scions it tan giant most advan tngeonsfv in tlie inferestfi of the colony and as we have said before this involves consideration of the question a- to which of the syndicates is the move likelv to be aMe to obtain the neces&ary; aipitnl. Is the colony able to lease 30u,(H 0 acres of land at present value less and 25,000 brake horse-power of water now unused as conveniently, and with due regard to ius interests m the future if the railway is made, as it could grant 60,000 acres of land and IS, (»00 brake horse-power of water? Is the one set of concessions Jikely to attract the necessary capital for the undertaking more readily than the other ? For the capita! reonired doea not appear to be yet ava^ubic in either i case, l fie decisions arrived at on these point* Bhould RO a long nrny townrd» BcttlinE tlie question of which bi|| it to Ik passed, ossurainc of conrae that one of the bills will be passed Bnd that it is not the intention of the legislature to pass both. It is a maUar for repet that tbe rival syndicates did cot Lake the good advice disinterestedly tendered to them on a previous oocasion and | combine. They would then have re lieved Parliament of the invidious taak of selecting one and disappointing the other. la it too late for such an Millrr Wfl M preceded njfainBt at the Police Coy. yp^Blcrdav for a^btcucb of the I.ictn Tbe^efendant wai at the hotelat Jfig and l/ad ccutf. C P°*e & ne °l Evolipu Mails —The aiili wLleb left Ivordon on Joly 22 Rrrived at AUianr time. The Rome ibould reAch Adelaide oa Salurdiy, and the malla for TaJmanla wlJ! catch the rHuSen,l/»TlD0™Sn0M«SdaJ altcnooB. U this oaw liJr wiU r**ch OB Tocsdv S-j tnls tna 