SUMMARY OF LATE HEWS, Mr. C. H. Douglas, of Walla Walla, died on Wednesday. Thie inquest on the late fire in Kiewa-atreeb was concluded on Tuesday. The jury returned a verdict of incendiarism against some person or persons unknown. Complaints concerning the scarcity of water in the country districts. ar a becoming luore serious. The Melbourne bootmakers protest against the minimum wage. They say it deprives old and mediocre workmen of the means of livelihood. The' feeling in the Border districts is daily growing stronger in favor of federation. A ghost is reported to have been seen at Avoca. A number of sporting residents have de cided to have a shot at it; on the first oppor tunity. Mrs. Stranqer, a resident of Brighton, died suddenly on Saturday. Her death in said to be the result of bath ing immediately after a meal. Some good crushings are reported from the Mount Elliott goldfield. Twelve tons from the Bread and Sugar claim yielded 70oz. 641b. of this stone put through separately gave 32oz. Seven tons from the Sheoak claim of Gay and Co. yielded 2oz. per ton. Mr. Reid does not think that federation necessarily involves protection. He considers that enough revenue could be raised under freetrade The Victorian Agricultural Department has been advised to send fruit to London. The. Agent- General says there is a good market for Australian fruit. The Full Court in Victoria has decided that shops are not ob iged to close one after noon in. the week. ?. The cyanide process appeara to be success ful at Bungowennah. The wash treated yields a fair return on the cost. It is estimated that there is a large body of payable wash available. The Government of the Cape of Good Hope want a head teacher in the School of Agriculture. Dean M'Kenna will administer the R.C. Archdiocese of Melbourne in Archbishop Carr's absence. The observers at Mount Eoscuisko last week. had a narrow escape from death. They were away trom the station when a fog came on. After losing their way for some time the party struck a drover's camp. It was rumored that Mr. Carruthers did not intend to seek re-election in his old con stituency. He now states that there is no truth in the report. . .'???-?. A large fire occurred in Wangaratta on Friday. Mr. C. Schrpader, when attempting to help in salvage work, was killed. 140,000 bushels of wheat are now stacked at Berriganlrailway station. The two prisoners arrested in Albury last week for the Omeo burglary have been re manded to Victoria. The prisoner Gardiner made a full confes sion to the arresting constable. Madame Albani gave her final concert in Melbourne on Saturday Two children were lost in the bush near Mpree for two days. They were feund by a black tracker, and seemed little the worse for their adventure. Mr Barton met with an excellent reception at his federation meeting. The feeling of the audience was decidely in favour of the Commonwealth Bill. An association was formed to promote the passage of the measure. . The Chief Justice of South Australia is to be married to a widow lady. The Daily Telegraph opposes the Common wealth Bill. The measure is, however, likely to meet with the support of the electors. . '.. .The mail steamer Australia reached Sydney ? on Friday. The passengers had to go into quarantine, and the vessel disinfected. The ensuing session of Parliament is likely . to be a ehort one. Some Bills ar« being prepared, but it is not likely that any important legislation will be attempted. The Daily Telegraph says the case made out by Mr. Barton . for federation was ' mourn fully feeble.' It would be interesting; to know what tho Telegraph considers a strong case. Its own denunciation of the Commonwealth Bill can hardly be expected to come under tha category. : . The Cootamundra criminal case, which has caused much excitement, has been post poned. The postponement was asked for by the accused on the ground that a material witness was absent. . The Albury Circuit Court will be held next week. . Mr. Justice Simpson will preside. There apgeara to be a strong probability of war between Spain and America. Mr,: M'EAuley, the President, irf, however, hopeful of a peaceful solution of the diffi culty. The Howloug Racea on Wednesday proved ? ^y successful. ' ??''?? . ? . 