SPORTING SHOTS. April. 11 Onkaparinga Racing Club Meeting. Nominations, January 27; acceptances, March ; final payments, April 4. The S.A.J.C. were favored with beautiful weather for their Summer Meeting. The fixture failed to attract a very large attendance in the Grand Stand, but the Derby Stand was filled to overflowing, this no doubt being uncounted for from the fact that most •of the usual patrons of the flat paid the extra eighteenpence to go into that enclosure rather than be debarred from the privilege of backing their fancies. Even then, however, some of those who left their investments until a few minutes of the start of a race were disappointed, as the fight for tickets was a repetition of the scene that took place on the Old Course last month. Supposition led off by winning the Hurdle Race very easily from Allah ditta, the favorite, Garter, being nine lengths off third. The daughter of Dunlop seems to have more luck over the sticks than on the fiat, as this is her fourth win over hurdles. She is now an accomplished jumper, and as she can carry weight it is probable that Mr. Wigley's well-bred representative will be heard of again as a winner. Jack Sprat and Maid of the Mist fell. The Disposal Handicap was won by Cigarette, who ran gamely enough on this occasion and beat Quickshot, who looked like a winner entering the straight, by a length. Fair Saxon, who with Cigarette was the last to leave the post, was a hot favorite, but she could get no nearer than third. Hear Hear, having no dark 'an to bar the way this time, led past the winning post in the New Year's Gift two and a half lengths in front of, Lord Salisbury, who was half a length in front of the Sydney horse Barton. Bloodstone was prominent for the greater part of the journey and led into the straight, when he collapsed. The Two-year Oid Handicap resulted in a dead heat between the two sons of Thunderbolt, Sparta and Furore, the former's stable companion, Cicero, being three lengths off third. Quinn refusing to divide the two were sent out again later in the afternoon, with the result that Sparta won in the fast time of 1 min. 2 sec., which was 3 J seconds faster than the first go. Supposition was brought out for the Jumpers' Flat Race, and again she proved successful. The number of lengths she won by might have been easily doubled had her rider wished. Orb and Mimosa filled the places. Ray, who had the services of Gougb, was made favorite, but he could get no nearer than sixth Bloodstone was picked by backers as the good thing for the Marino Handi cap, and so it proved to b9, the son of Carlyon carrying his 9 st. 4 lb. and finishing first over the six furlongs in 1 min. 14 4-5th sec. In the course of a speech made by ,the Hon. R. C. Baker thanking Mr. G. K. Soward for the drinkiog fountain presented by that genileman to the Club, he denied that the racing clubs, and more particularly the S.A.J.C., had had anything to do with the initia tion of the present Gaming Bill. All they did was to try to prevent it from interfering with the sport of horseracing. In the face of this statement it seems peculiar that the S.A. J.C. should be the first to prevent the tote invest ment men from following their usual occupation, and it also makes it appear as if the opponents of horse-racing and the totalizator are even stronger than was suspected. If the bookmakers, who are pretty strong in numbers, aud have thousands of sympathisers, com bine with the latter for the suppression of the totalizator, as they threaten to do, it looks as though the opponents of every kind of speculation on the race course will score again, and then the Racing Clubs will once again have to depend on the gate money to keep racing going, which will be very much like the play of Hamlet with the ghost as the principal character. The Stand usually occupied by the tote investment men at Morphettville did duty as a bar for the sale of tem perance drinks on Monday, but it was noticeable that very few invested their money that way. Included in the list of Mr. Kelso's horses to be sold on January 31 are Survivor, that good two-year old Essex, and Tornado, the winner of the Summer Cup. The latter was pur chased by Mr. Kelso for 250 guineas after the A. J.C. Spring Meeting. An old acquaintance in Bernal got home first in the Steeplechase at Sydney Tattersall's Meeting on Mon day. He carried 10 st. 8 lb., and won by ten lengths. Ellis rode the winner, who in a field of seven went out at the remunerative price of 12 to 1. Mr. Frew, who won the Steeplechase at Flemington on Saturday with Songster, was successful last year with Tapage. He has won the Boxing Day Steeplechase at Caulfield three years in succession. Diffidence, by Pilgrim's Progress— Etra-Weenie, was heavily backed for the two-year old race at Flemington. She won very easily. Loch Marie, by Lochiel—Barbara, followed up her Yilliers Stakes victory by winning the Carrington Stakes and Pace Welter at the Sydney Tattersall's Meeting on Saturday. Carrying 8 st. 11 lb. in the first event she ran the six furlongs in 1 min. 13£ sec., which is a quarter of a second slower than Precau tion's time last year in the same race, but Loch Marie had 1 st. 11 lb. more on her back. In the Pace Welter the mare had a thumping weight, 11 st. 9 lb., but this did not prevent her from again scoring, and she got over the six furlongs in 1 min. 15 sec. Response started second favorite for the Hurdle Race at Flemington on Saturday but finished out of a place, and her rider, P. Kennedy, was severely censured for the way in which he handled the mare. General Gordon, carrying 11 st., won very easily by four lengths. Embrasure, winner of the Standish Handicap, is described as an ugly looking brute. Referring to Australian horses in England, a correspondent of the Sydney Referbe says" At Liverpool last week Daimio made his first appearance this season, but was beaten ten lengths by Worker, who had just run (previous day) third in the Sefton. It would appear that Daimio is nothing like as good as was expected, for one can hardly make excuses for him now. He is a very sure jumper, but very slow. An animal that can be written down as an utter failure here is Emmalea, who was beaten off in the hurdle race. I don't say she was not smart when on your side, but she appears worthless for hurdle races here. Maluma had two goes and ran very disappointingly. She is apparently one of those ( better at home than on the course.' Merman recently went amiss, which is a pity, as he is a game and honest horse. Newhaven is going on nicely, but I understand we shall not see him out before Ascot. Picture, by Russley—Queen's Head, who won the Decemb r Stakes at the A.J.C. Summer Meeting, had things made easier for her in consequence of the favorite, Essex, beiDg interfered with. Nevada, by Carbine, who ran second to Picture, is spoken of as a very promising colt. In the programme of a race meeting advertised during the holidays in the South-East one of the items was a prize for the best comic song. Koran, who some time ago was re ported as having been secured by a patron of C. Quinn's stable, is now being trained by J. Nicholson at Fleming ton. Previous to her win in the Bagot Handicap on Saturday Mischief had been twice before successful over the same distance, whilst last year she was second in the Bagot Handicap. The nominations for the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Oup are to hand. Waifc-a-Bit is the only one of the placed horses last year in the six furlong race whose name appears this year, and he has also been entered for the Australian Cup, in which he ran third to Coil and Preston. Coil's name is missing, but Preston's appears. Mr. Towton's crack three-year, Tarquin, is in the Newmarket, and as his owner generally attends the Australian Cup Meeting on the look out for a few yearlings, it is probable that the colt will be seen at Fiemington. Aurum's name is missing from the Newmarket, the St. Albans stable being represented by Majestic and Resolute, but the crack is in the Cup, as is also the Caulfield Cup and Derby winner, Amberite. Battalion ran a great race in the Bagot Handicap under 10 st. 3 lb He was conceding 2 st. 7 lb. to Mischief, and only lost the race by half a head. J. E. Brewer was in the saddle. Miss West, winner of the Juvenile Stakes in Sydney on Saturday, is a full sister to Nor'-Eist, being by Norden denfeldt from Miss Westbourne. South Australia is not represented in either the Newmarket Handicap or Australian Cup. Foliage finished third in the New Year's Gift at Sydney Tattersall's races on Saturday. Gnullo's win in the New Year Han dicap at Clare makes her fourth . in succession. 