The Storyteller*^ - THE TWO WARDS. -? ( Continued from Wednesday's issue.) J CHAPTER XIV. . tableau* vivans. Maude had proposed getting up some tableaux to grace the Christmas festivities that were to make the old .house at Leabanks gayer thani it had been {or many years ; and Mr. Erring-; toD,^glod to seoond anything that would distract I Rupert's thoughts and banish the gloom from; his brow, was her willing coadjutor. Even Mr. j Durrant evinced a languid interest in her platisj when they were named_ before him, although' this was not always testified in the pleasahtest: manner. . , ; { 4- I am afraid you will find it difficult to carry out your intentions,11 he observed, as he reclined on his oouch in the warmest corner of the cosy drawing*room 'one evening ; ' your resources arc so limited, your dramatis persona: so few in nu'mber,randso inexperienced, that you will find your task a most discouraging one.' ?* That speech;, shows how little you know me, Mr. Durrant,' was the laughing reply. ' I intend to be a host in myself.' ' That you will be the principal attraction I do not doubt,' he gallantly told her. 'I wish you were enrolled in the Duchess of Porchester's corp3. She would find you in valuable.' ?? Thanks; but I prefer to be queen in my own Jittle^ourt. I daresay her Grace lias a theatre erected, and gathers plenty of auxiliaries about her. Anyone can create a sensation w^o does that j but I am only ambitious of amusing one person.' \ ' Indeed 1 And that person is — '' ' Myself,1' and Maude drew up her head, and spread put her skirts. ' And I care less for what other people will think of the tableaux,; than the fun I ahalj iiave in arranging and re hearsing them ' t ' Don't, Maude.' whispered Katie. ' He will] think you bo selfish ' ' That is the ouly sentiment he comprehends — self-love,' was the reply ; ' so let me alone. Am I not very candid, Mr. Da- rant ?' she asked, in louder tones ; ' Charmingly so. But I hope you intend to let your friends have a tair share of your mirth ?' ' Yes ; and I shall give them permission io laugh as freely at my blunders as I shall at. theirs Now, then, to decide what characters' and scenes we are to represent Eupert, Katie, Miss Raymond — you must all help and advise! me. I suppose,' and she glanccd at Wilfred; who had walked over with a message from his uncle, and been persuaded to stay to dinner/ ' it would be labour tost to attempt io press Mrj Hayle into our company ?' ' What should I be required to do ?'' asked Will, dubiously. ' That would depend on the character you portrayed. Which would you consider most suit able ? Dominie Sampson in * Gny Manuring ?' You would only have to stand in the midst of u heap of books, and make your mouth into a round O, as if saying, * Prodigious !' ' If Wilfred felt the sarcasm of her manner, he did not permit it to appear ; but answered, good huraouredly : u If you think I can look the dominie, you may convert me into one. As you (jive me leave to laugh in my turn, I shall not mind being laughed at.' ' Nay, I was only jesting,' cried Maude, a little ashaued of having likened him to the awkward though good-natured tutor so ludi crously portrayed in the novel alluded to '? We have not selected any of our tableaux yet. Shall we take them from Shakspere or Sir Walter Scott ?'T 44 D ) not be too ambitious,' said Mr. Durrant. ' Failures arc so ridiculous.' ' Sir!' exclaimed Maude, imperiously. ' The members of this dramatic corps are not allowed to choose their own parts; therefore, a fine Bhall be levied on you, if you make any more attempts to play the demon of doubt, or throw cold water on our projects. Ladies and gentle men, your manageress awaits your sugges tions' ' There is a pretty scene in 1 The Tempest,' ' said Milly Raymond. ' The one, I mean, where Miranda and Ferdinand are at chess.' Maude produced pencil aid note-book. ' Good And now who shall take th charncters ?' ' Grrington will be your Prospero,' said Mr. Durrant. *' Miss Katie aod either of these young men can be the chess players ; and the dainty Ariel falU naturally to^our own share. 1 Everyone was satisfied with this a'rangement, even though his father contrived that Rupert should not be tin Ferdinand to Katie's Miranda. By s»ne fin -sain;;— palpable to tin aggrieved . youny man. though noone filae detected it — wheh he was set down for Henry V. in the scene where tbe hero of Aginco irt wnos the French Princess, it was Ma'ide who was to he the daughter of France, with Milly for her lady-in-waiting. Even in ' Much Ado About Nothing,' Wilfred was the C!au-ti-- lo Katie's Hero, while Rupert was cast f ir the Benedick to Maude's saucy Beatrice, without his being able to prevent it. And when he boldly suggested the balcony scene from ' Romeo and Juliet,' Mr., Errington put his veto upon it, and expressed an opinion that for private theatricalathat very romantic drama sbould always be esohewed. ' And now it is Mr. Hayle's turnio choose a tableau,' cried Maude turning towards him. ' But I really have no choioe,' said Will, in differently. *' What pleases the rest of you will please me.' ' The ghost in * Hamlet,' perhaps, or the grave-digger?' asked Maude, adding, pettishly : 14 Pray don't let lis have any of these assump tions of indifference, as if our amusements were too trivial to be. worth even a moment's con sideration. Rupert, you had better assist Mr. Hayle with your less exalted judgment.' ' Stay,*' 6aid Will, seized with a spirit of re taliation. ' My choice is made. For once I'll play Petrucbio to Miss Lesden'a Katherine.' I'll hold you to your offer, sir,' Maude ex claimed, not a whit discomposed by. his signifi cant look. ' And if we should not quite carry out the Shaksperian idea, and the shrew does not show any disposition to be tamed, why, our audience must excuse us.' - ? * ' It is a capita! play,' Mr. Durrant observed. ' Why not get it up instead of these stupid tableaux ?' ' For two unanswerable reasons,' Maude told him. 11 One, that it would involve too much hard work; the other, that, in my opinion it is not a cleverly- written play. .No high-spirited woman evnr Aank into the tump: mawkish rren. ture who r»«ds her. sex such a homily on obedi ence ; or if she did, the keen- witted Petruchio must have despised her ' ' Bah J she was true woman after all,' sneered Mr. Durrant. ' She succumbed when sh- found | it to her advantage to be obedient 1 ' Then she learned the lesson of hypocrisy from man -her mantcr,' cried Maude. '* Your taunt, sir, rebounds on the crafty Pe'ruchio who could find no better way of taming his bride than frightening her into subjection.' ' She deserved it ; for she was cruel to the gentle Bianca,' Rupert interposed. ' ThegentleBianca was suchavery milkand water? young lady that she. merited all the nips and pinches her sister gave her. Do you think I would let Katie tie my hands, and box vnj ears, or vice versa V The question raised a laugh, in which Maude joined merrily, and then reminded them that she had noting: named the scene she would prefer. Everyone. was Attentive, and, with a very demure face, she announced that her choice had fallen upon that part', of, ',Othe11o ' in wliiojh Brabantio accuses the Moor of robbing him of his daughter* 1 For this scene I press Mr*' Durrant into our ae^ice,' she went on. ?? He will make a right royal duke, and have nothing ^ ;do hut took grave and magnificent Sir.' Errington shall be the wronged father ; Miss' Raymond the Emilia to Bupert's fago ; Katie, Desdemona ; and Mr. Hayle must oblige us by enacting the part of Othello.' - ? ? Thrre was malice in the demure look of in quiry she cast at WUfred j but he met it very stolidly, and raised fin objeotion to. the- role ^elected for him Yet he comprehended the young lady's tactics well enough, and that she 'bought to compel b'ffl either to tarn restive i'd expose h mself to th^chargc of being -Us- ' bliging, or to'black his face and make himself l°ok ridiculous. ' Bat I'll be a tnajicji for 'har,' he-men tally I determined. u IUlbe. seized at tlmasV moment! with a fit of absence,yfind forget the necessity j of staining my cheeks. .'She shall either put up with a white-skinned Moor, or leave oat the - scene altogether. It may be in the power of woman to make a fool of me ; but that ; woman is not MissTMaude Lesden.' :: ' ' There wm considerable discussion' inspecting the dresses to be worn, and^Maudelnstituted a fresh quarrel with Wilfred over the -costume she proposed adopting as the French princess. He insisted that the costume should be that of the period, and Maude deolaring with a pout that she would not don anything that was unbe coming. ' And yet you wear the towering coiffure and high heels with which theiadies of .the present day disfigare themselves,' be retorted. ':To my eyes the modest robes and flowing tresses of our ancestresses were far more graceful than any thiug worn now.' So was tbe toga ot the Romans,' said Maude ; 4- and, knowing this, Mr. Hayle, why don't you take to one, and discard your tall bat for a fillet bound about your brows, and your patent leather boots for a pair of sandals ? Pray, sir, would you escort me through Barford in this costume, if I adopted your notions, and minced along by your side in a high coif and a russet kirfcle ?' The laugh was now against Wilt ed, who gave up tbo contest ; and Maude was allowed to attire her French princesB in the costume that she thought most suitable to her own style of beauty. As the busy tittle manageress had predicted, there was endless mirth evoked by the errors fallen into at the earlier rehearsals. Sir Marcus was invited to bo present at some of them, that he might give them tbe benefit of his criticisms and suggestions : but, as he invariably applauded most loudly when everyone else was oppressed by the. consciousness that their poses were awk* ward, or that some other blunder marred the picture, the assistance of the baronet was dis pensed with. \- Partly from a real desire to give pleasure, and partly to triumph over Mr. Durrant, who was always ill- naturedly predicting failures, Maude worked very hard to perfect her corps. She had many difficulties to contend with, though Milly Raymond proved an invaluable assistant.' Wilfred and Katie would glide into contro versies just as they should have fallen into atti tudes, and adjourn to the library to settle some disputed point. Rupert was ^oo often engaged in jealously watching his companions to attend to the directions given him ; or, if he were called upon to take the place of Wilfred, who was often a truant, Mr. ErringtOR would either step in to prevent it, or keep so close to the side of Katie that his annoyed son would quit the room in displeasure. Sometimes Rupert resolved to act upon his father's advice, and leave home till be could bear his disappointment with more fortitude. This resolve was strengthened by Katie's pro voking unconsciousness of his troubles. Did she not see how deoidedly Mr. Errington was standing between them, or was she so flattered by the constant attentions of a man still hand some and young enough to be no mean wooer, that the trouble lurking in Rupert's sad eyes remained unseen ? (- Better to bid her farewell at once, than to see myself the object either of her scorn or pity,' he muttered ; and, seeking his father, he hinted his newly-formed intentions. But when Mr. Errington praised him for them, and eagerly offered to assist him in carrying out any plans he chose to form, the young man felt his rising doubts strengthened, and begin to draw back. ' Why are you so anxious to get rid of me, sir ?' he asked, suspiciously. ' Once it was not so. Am I in your way ?' ' It is for your own good I wish it,' his father replied. M I think you would be happier if you went away from Leabanks for a time.' ' For how long a time, sir ? Till Katie Lesden has beon prevailed upon to give herself to some one else?' ' When do you propose leaving us ?' Mr. Errington demanded, instead of attempting a reply to suoh awkward questions. ' I don't know. Perhaps not at all and Rupert could not be persuaded to say more. He had ceased to believe that his happiness and future prospects were the chief thoughts in his father's mind, and he mentally vowed to remain where he was until he had succeeded in discovering to whom Katie's hand was to be given. sThat he had a rival in Wilfred Hayle he never guessed, nor did Wilt himself know it. Sir Marcus's idolised nephew was apt to turn restive if the baronet urged upon him his duties as heir-presumptive to a large estate, and very likely to fly off at a tangent if the great question of matrimony was brought before him loo abruptly. Sir Marcus, therefore, con tented himself with knowing that the intimacy was progressing, and that Will thought Miss Raymond the perfection of housekeepers, and Katie Lesden a mco little girl, far superior to her sister. Meanwhile, time went on. Christmas came, and was celebrated at Leabanks in such plea sant, homely fashion that, for a while, even Rupert conquered his troubles, and danced ' Sir Roger de Coverley' and played blindman'6 buff as merrily as the rest. His interest in the latter game may have been owing to theiact that at ! an early part of it he contrived to catch Katie, and to press his Hps to the slender fingers that unknotted the scarf bound over his eyes. She blushed vividly ; but that she was not offended, was proved by her asking : ' Is this the pledge of returning amity ?' Before he could ask her meaning, they were interrupted ; but tbe blush and the whisper had revived his hopes. If Katie loved him, who should come between them ? And now the long-looked-for night arrived, on which a goodly company assembled to enjoy Mr. Errington's hospitality and witness the tableaux. Maude was in a flutter of delight, not unm-xed with anxiety, for the hour fixed for the raising of the curtain was sounding, and Wilfred Hayle had not put ' in an appear ance. She was just debating whether to dispatch a messenger to hurry him, or ask some other gentleman to take his place, when Will himself put his head in at the door, and stood there gaziog at tbe dainty Ariel, who, looking very graceful in her filmy robes, came hastily towards him.' ' This is too bad; Mr. Hayle !' she said, in a pet. ' We have been obliged to alter our pro gramme, and commence with another .tableau. Why have you kept us waiting ?' 'It was unavoidable,' he began; but 6he would not hear any explanation. u You forget that you have to dress for your character. Pray make haste 1 It is so pro voking to be obliged to invent excuses to one's visitors ; and that hateful Mr. Durrant wilt plague rne to death about this contre temps .' Witt muttered an anathema on the tablearx, but was hurrying away to do her bidding, when chanoing to look back as he closed the door, he beheld a sight that for the moment transfixed him with horror. While waiting for him, Maude had incau tiously stepped too near the hearth. A tog had rolled off the fire unnoticed, and one of the sparks had flown on to her gossamer skirt, where it smouldered till the draught 'of air frc*n the opening door fanned it into a flame, and menaced her with a fate too awful for the bravest to contemplate unmoved. CHAPTER XV. \-- FRESH GLOUPS. Utterly unconscious of her danger, Maude did not know whether to be surprised or amused when Wilfred Hayle began madly tearing off ; the loose overcoat he wore ; and before she had i time to form a conjecture as to the cause of his strange gestures, he had rushed to where she stood, and wrapped his arms and tbe garment about her. Even as he did so, the rapidly ad vancing tongues of fire lapped themselves around her slender waist, and seized 4he gossamer lace that bordered one of her loose sleeves. Then It was that Maude comprehended what had hap pened, and uttering a shriek — drowned by tbe applause of the guests in the adjoining room, who were testifying their admiration of the first tableau presented them— would have flown she knew not whither; but tbo strong hands of Wilfred prevented it, and forced her to her knees. There was fi briif wrestle with the consuming 1 element, -and then Maude was raised to tier feet and released, to stand dazed and shivering with Ariel s glittering, floating skirt, a wreck of silvercid muslin, crumbling to ashes at her feet. Wilfred brought her a shawl, whioh she wrapped around her mechanically, and he offered her a glass of water, but this she waved aside with such a look' of utter stupefaction that he felt the necessity of rousing her. ' You are not hurt, are'you, Miss Lesden ?' She held towards him the polished arm whioh the fire had slightly, very^lightly scorched ; but essayed in yain to .speak ; and Will seeing, or fancying he could 6ee, that she was rapidly beooming hysterical, began to cast about for means of preventing it. : '* Not hurt ? Then, surely. Miss Lesden, you may spare us any exhibition of feminine weak ness. Will you go and change your dresB, or must we have one scene more than we have set down on our programme?' The sharp and slightly contemptuous tone in which he spoke bad the desired effeot. The blood rushed back to Maude's nheek, and her lips ceased to quiver. ' Do not alarm yourself, sir; I shall not give you any further trouble, except to apologise to our friends for my absence, if.any inquiries are made about me before I can return.' Will coolly nodded. 11 Certainly. I'll ask Rupert to do some soene for which you are not wanted, and that will give you as.muoh time as a lady ought to require for making an alteration in her toilette.' Maude moved swiftly to tbe door, but paused there, and leaned against it, gasping : u Ah 1 I am faint 1' ' It is only the heat of this room,' said Wilfred, carelessly, as he stepped towards her. ' You will feel better as Boon as you get into fresher air; but I'll ring for your maid and the smelling-bottle, if you wish it.' ^ 41 1 do not wish it, sir,' she retorted, making another effort at self- control, and foroing back the tears that rose to her eyes ; and refusing to perceive the arm tendered for her support, she hastened away. 11 He is a selfish, heartless brute,' .she told herself, as she hurried to her dressing- room. 44 He certainly oame to my assistance, and has per haps, saved me from dreadful injuries, if not from death; but no man could have done less, and his oallousness, now he sees me so frightened and unnerved, is inexcusable.' I (To be continued in Wednesday's issue.) I 