FATHER CHRISTMAS IS COMING LOCAL ARRANGEMENTS TO MEET HIM. (CONTINUED). C. T. CAMPBELL. Mr. Campbell is an. alderman of the town, and runs the only chemist's, druggist's, and dispensary business in Molong. He is loca ted on ' the block'— in fact, in the centre of it, and right opposite the most beautiful (Pbew !) post and telegraph office there is in any incorporated town in the colony. It is well to indicate as near as possible, just where Mr. Campbell carries on his 'cure- all' business, because the merry Christmas season is at hand ; and there is not on record a solitary instance since the days of the Saturnalia, wherein the December festivities did not cause some member of the community to seek relief at the hands of the nearest apothecary. There is no ghost of a chance that this Christmas will prove an exception to the rule which has now prevailed for thou sands of years. Well, if you do get upset either from ' being out in the sun,' or par taking rather too freely of an unusually rich Christmas dinner, Mr. Campbell is the gen tleman upon whom it will be well to call with as little delay is possible. He has a patent, pleasant, specific of his own invent tion for speedily curing such complaints as those just hinted at; and one trial will demonstrate the truth of this assertion. In addition to his skill in this direction, Mr. Campbell deals with coughs and colds, per medium of his Wild Cherry Expectorant. Sandy or Fly Blight together with sore and inflamed eyes and lids, disappear as if by magic upon the near approach of bis excel- . lent Eye Lotion. Then , your teeth. These are often the cause of stomach disorders and diseases contingent thereupon. If yours are in bad order, or even if you have lost them altogether, Mr. Campbell can readily furnish the untenanted gums with a beautiful set of new molars, canines, and incisors ; or polish up those you may have in such a manner as will enable them to see many years' of active useful service in the disintegrating business Further, in Mr. Campbell's natty establish ment may he discovered a very choice stock of toilet requisites, perfumery (most delicate and refreshing, in boxes and satin lined cases) brushes, combs, sponges, patent medicines, surgical appliances; and, in short, every- thing usually found in a well-furnished coun- try dispensary And don't forget when you start to feel unwell and troubled with volcanoes inside, that Mr. C. T Campbell may be found right opposite the pretty postal pigeon pen, in Bank Street. 