A ROMANCE OF LIFE IN HIGH PLACES. By MISS BKADDON, Author of "When the World was . Y hunger," "Aurora Floyd," "Taken at the Flood," "Lady Audley's Secret," "To the Bitter End," "The Trail of tha Serpent," "1'hantom Fortune," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with tba author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XVII.-(Continued). j. was wnen me laugner was loudest mat George started from Lis low bench, and sprang out of the shaddows like a tiger leaping from the jungle. Here was his op portunity—to strike for that Hoyal lady, to punish her tradueer, and so keep the Mai'chesa'S name out of the business. Springing up behind Delroy, he gripped the neck' of his doublet with one hand, while he clapped the other over his mouth, and so held him pinioned and dumb for a moment, while the other men started up amazed, as at an apparition. There were plenty of sudden brawls in that room; but the suddenness of this silent attack was out of order. "Tlioii foul-mouthed devil," he said, after a brief and breathless pause. "If there is not a Frenchman in all this as sembly to punish the slanderer of his Queen there is ail Englishman that "will step ''at obscene mouth of mine for the lion:-, nan owes to woman. Down, beast, down among the dust and ashes, and swal low some of the dirt thy soul lovest. Would to God there were a- pig-stye handy to receive thy wine-soaked carcase!" His hat had fallen off as he sprang up amongst them, and he stood tuere in the flare of the yellow candles, his breast heav ing; liis faee ra'diant with a splendid fury, handsome as a Greek god. The little no blesse remembered him. Madame de Lussac's protege—an adventurer, a young profligate, 110 doubt. .But, pardieu, lie knew how to tackle a man. Dolroy struggled in Ids clutch,_ roaring behind the hand that "tiffled him, with a deep mufiied roar like a wild beast. The vulture-beak assumed a fiercer- dye,., and glowed like fire; the great black eye seemed Stai'tiiig out of the purple face. He had been leaning forward with his elbows Oft the table and his stool tilted upon two legs. George took stool and man and hurled them crashing on to the hearth, "where Dolrov lay on hi3 back, sinothcred in the soft depths of heaped up ashes, choking;" spluttering, blaspheming, as the light wood asu filled nis mouth and eyes. The little noblesse laughed till they cried. 'Twas pure sport to see this sudden fracas; The room was full of eager faces, all turned towards the chimney. This was the- kind of thing for which one came to toe Pine Apple; a row, swift and sudden, perhaps even a spice of bloodshed, to en liven the long sitting over doubtful Wine -and cards that were hot always kind, or dice that had a devil of bad liiek in the heart of the ivory. ."What's the quarrel about?" said one; and " He deserved it," said another. "'Twas his old game of abusing the Queen, afld those freluauets yonder, friends of the Importants, encourage nis beastly tongue." " And then a young mail in a court dress jumped upon a table, took off his white plumed hat and waved it, shouting. ' La Heine! Viv.e la Heine!" And half the company took up the cry with boisterous vehemence, while the other half cried, " Vive Beaufort!" It was a chance that the excitement did not rise to fever heat and culminate in a free fight all over the room, but the fronde had not come yet,, though the fever of it was in the air. It cost that drunken brain and those slackened limbs of Dolroy's a painful effort before he was able to. scramble up from the heart, and stand facing his enemy, grey from top to toe, head and face and garments coated with wood-ash. Qnly the vulture beak showed scarlet through the grey. • • , , ■ , _ .. "Behold a poet s ghost!" cried Valian cay, amid the general laughter. "Is it Virgil or Dante? It lacks the laurel crown; but it has a scarlet nose instead." " ,, , Fury braced the drunkard s nerves; and steadied his legs. He looked round:' him glaring, with eves that shone like tiger s, seeking his assailant. Then %iddenly, . with a wild beast's roar, he sprang upon George, gripping him *by the throat with . both hands, and flinging all the weight of his long limbs against him. " What, was it you?—-the Italian witch a gallant—the last on the roster?" he cried, while George wrestled with him, grasping his bony wrists, suffocating under the pressure of unclean hands, sickeried at-the drunkard's fiery breath, puffing fumes of coarse brandy into his .face. He was con scious of that loathsome odor even while he struggled for his own breath. • " I have a good mind to kill, thee, roared Dolroy. „ . , " We'll have no falling here, cried a man in the crowd, everybody in the, room being on foot by this time anu eager ro intervene in the quarrel. " Loose your hands frobi his neck^ Dolroy, or yon 11 strangle him.": -. , . . " That's what I mean "to do, hasped the ruffian, as three or four of the bystan ders dragged him from his prey. Oiice free of those murderous hand3: George stood like a. rock, gasping, but calm and collected, "with his hand, on the hilt of his sword. Those, in the company Who could admire courage, youth, and manly beauty, looked at him with friendly eyes. "Who is with me among all you rabble?"' Dolroy demanded savagely, scowling round the crowd. Who will stand up for an old drunken man assaulted by a sober, fish-blooded jackanapes. There were plenty of offers, and George had as many. It might have been an en gagement of half the room against roe other half, so eager was everybody to light somebody for sometning; but after a wild, confusion of tongues and a not dispute tlie riot gradually subsided, and the- com-, batants and place of meeting were chosen, and George, who had meant to settle his own account with Dolroy as quietly as the nature of the quarrel would allow, found himself one in ah engagement of tour, against four, to fight with swords and pis: tols on horseback in tlie wood of \ incli nes an hour after sunrise, lust when roe, light was, clearest and steadiest. " But how to get oiit of the gate, asked one of the combatants. ^hey are durok to smell gunpowder, since the law has been so severe against duelling; and eight men riding out so early-—' „ " We need not all go bv the same gate, said De Chancy, one of Georges seconds, who seemed.on ffre with eagerness. "That's easily settled. We snail be a hawking party," said Dolroy. Some, of" vou can carry a falcon, and you are to flv your birds t'other side of the wood. - I keep no bird save a baldheaded jackdaw that I have t-aufht my own language and would. not sell xor a thousand "There was a chill of dawn in the'air'arid, the pallor of dawn in the sky when George let himself in at the postern door m the. tower where there was a corkscrew stair* • case leading up to a passage that-, communicated with the gallery on which, his rooms opened. Madame de Lussac had given him the key' of this postern door,, which saved him the fuss and ceremony of the main entrance, and enabled him to go in and out at any hour of the day or night. Before going upstairs he wens, through a long corridor in the basement, which led to a door opening on the stables,, where he roused one of the grooms from his straw pallet in the barrack, where the. coachmen and grooms had-their quarters, and bade him saddle .Sully,, a horse lie had ridden much and schooled to. his .liking, and have iiim ready and waiting in the lane at the back of the stables Upon. the stroke of four. It was more than half-past three when he gave the order. This done lie went to his room and wrote a letter to the Mhfcheta. . "I am going straight-from this house to meet the man who insulted you—and it may be that either he or I, or both of us, will never see the setting of the sun that now shows red behind the wood where you . and I have driven so ofteil. "It was in the .Queen's cause I chal-, lenged iiim, but those who saw you in sulted may guess that it is for your honor I fight. I go gladly,,and if Fate wills I. shall die gladly for your sake, since so to die is perhaps tlie only witness this poor.' life of mine can bear to my gratitude for all the bounties you have heaped upon, me , —the first and cliiefest being your affec tion, of which I feel myself so little -worthy." - * So.little worthy. Yes, for he could hot pay iove with love, And lie khew that all other payment is but, .base coili. He; thoUglit of her, gratefully as he sealed the letter—thought of her Sorrowfully; know ing that she would grieve for him Should the event go ill; bitt he-could not think of her tenderly. All his love,, all his longing, weht to others; "'to the faild protectress, the low-voiced, swCet-faced womaii who had treated him as a kinsman and friend— with no demonstrative affeetibii, .rib over whelming warmth of feeling,, but with a pensive regard, as of oiie Who cherished the memory of aloSt friend, and loved him ' for his likeness to the dead. The tie had' , been so fragile that bound him to Lady ; Llanbister, but it held him faster, than that passionately asserted relationship of'-,. mother and, son,- which he had been, coni strained to accept, reluctant even to the last. And so, as lie examined liis weapons and arranged his dress for the encounter there were two faces with him all' the time^-the fair, girl-face, with the brilliant ej;es, broad, low brow, and exquisite mouth, where pride was tempered with generous feeling; the thoughtful woman-face, full of a pleading tenderness, lovely in the pas .sionless calm of a life lived for others. It ; was of these_ two he thought, the beloved .of his_ happiest years. They would be sorry if • he fell in the fight that was so near. He could not go to meet death with out leaving some token for his first—and, alas! dearest benefactress. He sat at his desk again when his pre £arations were finished and wrote to Lady lanbister. "Beloved friend! these lines may be a last farewell to you and that dear girl for whom, in sight of death, I dare acknow ledge my passion—a love which neither years nor absence can lessen, and which can but cease when death stills the heart Where Geraldine reigns paramount. "Honor constrains me to fight a ruffian, and I doubt the chances of a happy issue are against me. Receive, dear lady, this last avowal of an affection which words are too weak to express. Living or dying I honor and admire and love vou. "GEORGE." He placed the two lettevs in the Italian coffer where he kept his richest clothes— laying them on the top of the neatly fol ded garments, so that they could not fail to be seen by any one who opened the coffer, and yet would not be likely to be • discovered till the news of the morning's business_ reached t„e Hotel de Lussac, when, if he were killed, there would doubtless be some examination of his rooms. As he calculated upon this, the image of Heloise de Lussac flashed" upon him—frantic, tragical, pacing those sumpt uous rooms in a wild agony of grief; and again he was sorry for her sorrow; and again he hated himself because he could not feel for her as a son should feel for his mother. He was riding to the Porte St. Antoine presently, with a hooded peregrine on his wrist, with horse fresh and eager in the keen morning aiw Horses and falcons, greyhounds and spaniels, all toys for which youth cares had been lavished upon him 'by the Marquise; and it had been with the utmost difficulty that he had re stricted her mony gifts to the amount which, as her steward and bookkeeper, he might fairly have received as wages. There was no trouble at the gate. • "Have my friends ridden ahead with their birds?" lie asked the sentry in a cherry voice. "Yes, monsieur, two cavaliers went through ten minutes ago. A fine morning for a flight." And so, with jaunty, touch of hat, 'through the gate, past the grim towers of the Bastille, a great bulk of masonry, dark under the peariy light, and along the level road, between long rows of poplars, grey with dust, to that other fortress, _ the prison-house for princes, where Henri de Beaufort fretted in captivity, to the won der of all Paris. . Three hours later a cart came along the same dusty road at a footpace, entering Paris through that same Porte St. Antoino —a cart in which George Mountain lay on a mattress, his garments soaked in blood, I and his countenance livid as death. [To be continued from day to day till finished.] 