CAPTURE OF A " GHOST." PERTH, Tuesday. Considerable alarm was experienced by timid residents of Connington, near Perth, at the fre- quent appearance of a conventionally attired ghost. Lately a number of residents waylaid the apparition, who surrended on being bailed up by a revolver. The costume consisted of a sheet, with eyelet holes, and decorated with red paint and other elaboration. The residents decided not to hand him over to the police but to administer a sound thrashing with a paling. This was ac- cordingly done and the ghost set at liberty. The appeal case; Ivanhoe Venture Company v. Burke and others, was mentioned in the Full Court to-day. It was ruled that the case could not be taken before the next sittings of the Court owing to insufficient notice. The appellant Company was ordered forthwith to proceed to an account of all gold taken on the ground found to be Burke and party's, and to put the proceeds into Count, with costs in the Court below. In the Supreme Court to-day Mr. Justice Hensman gave judgment in the case of H. M. Dickon v. the City of Perth Water Supply Com- pany. The claim is for the repayment of £10,000 deposit, which was forfeited to tbo company on account of plaintiff's failure to complete the pur- chase of the oompany's waterworks in the speci- fied time, and £10,000 damages, on the ground that he had been induced to enter into an agree- ment to purchase by false representation on the part of the company's agent. Plaintiff alleged the company had agreed to extend the time of purchase if he gave the name of the probable bona fide purchaser, which he had done. His Honor decided against the plaintiff on the plea of false representation, and also found for the de- fendants on the whole case. NORSEMAN, Tuesday. The annual elections to fill the Mayoral chair and two vacancies in the municipal council took place to-day. Only one nomination was received for each vacancy, and there was consequently no contest for the Mayoralty. Mr. Thomas John Carr was declared elected, while Messrs. W. R. Barnes and Mr. Rossiter, the two retiring councillors, were also declared elected. KALGOORLIE, Tuesday. A minor named John Ryan has been lost in the bush near Mount Malcolm since Friday, and is believed to have perished. 