"WILD EELIN:" USER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Daughter of Henry,"' " A Princess of Thule," M'Leod of Dare," "The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton," Briseis," " Highland ' Cousins," late., &c.; (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XXVII.-(Coiitinued.) Well, it was no part of her duty to, defend herself against any accusation, however obscurely implied, brought for "ward by this young man. He was not much more than an acquaintance. interesting in himself, no doubt, and still more interesting with regard to his literary schemes and dreams and aspira- tions ; yet hardly so intimate with her as to entitle him to assume the position of monitor and judge. Nevertheless, there was a ring of sincerity in his voice and his manner was not pre- sumptuous, out quite the reverse of that; and thus it was that Wild Eelin, instead of holy resenting his interference, found herself meekly replying : "If I were you, Mr. Gilchrist, I think I would not pay so much attention to what people say. As for the bunch of roses well, refusing them would probably have attracted more notice than accepting them and indeed I thought so little about them, one way or the other, that as soon as we got outside I threw them, into the street. Then about this ball, and my dancing with Lord Mount mahon, or sitting out dances with him suppose for a moment that I remained away for the very purpose of avoiding any such possibility ? Why otherwise should I be here, walking homeward, with a shawl round my head ?"' He could not find words to express his remorse and self-reproach. " Will you swear forgive me ?" he pleaded. " I had no right to say what I did, even if the worst were true. It was not my place. Only-only-there is this. It may not be much of an excuse ; but there is this that when one has found - even with a great distance separating - when one has found one's ideal of all that is beautiful and honourable and pure and sweet in womanhood, then-then one dreads the approach of anything likely to con- taminate it. And so there may be cause- less apprehensions and fears : yes, and there may be presumption, too. But if you will forgive me this time, I will not presume again." He had so humbled himself that she was sorry for him and she went out of her way to be kind to him and would lead the talk towards his immediate occupations and affairs, and to the volume on Tannahill and Hector Mac Neill that he and she were to bring out together. By this time they had got away from the in some town, and were out in the moonlit solitudes ; but there was no suggestion on the part of either that he should relinquish his charge of her they continued their leisurely walk for the white-glinting stream. Not that they were the sole occupants of this phantom world. Far on the other side of the river a drunk soldier was seated on the bank, most mournfully singing "My Nannie's a war.''." He was not a ferocious warrior, but a peaceful ; his plaintive ditty meant no harm to any- one he was merely commiserating himself on the absence of Nannie. Two difficulties he had to contend with the one was a recalcitrant memory, so that every now and again he would stop altogether and hark back ; the other was the presence of grace-notes at the beginning of the repetition of each lost line : "They mind me o' Nannie, but Nature's own' BJbe....y mind me o' Nannie, but Nature's 9-12'." It was the second "Thessaly" that bothered him so fearfully ; but he was a conscientious performer J; fea would at back those preliminary flourishes, and wrestle with them, and heroically strive to overcome them ; until he appeared to get sick-tired of the whole affair ; he stretched out his legs on the bank, and turned over on his side, and no doubt was immediately fast asleep. And meanwhile around the two wanderers the enchanted world had grown hushed and still as silent as their ebony black shadows on the silver-gray road ; so that every tone, and models lication, perhaps even an occasional tremors, of their success could be heard by each of them, for recalling sad remembrance. And Archie Gilchrist was in a confidential mood into which she had led him unawares in particular lie I was telling her of the joy and pride I which his mother, the poor old woman up in Dingwall, had beheld his first appearances in the columns of a newspaper and how convinced, how bravely convinced, she was of his ultimate success and how she would be more than ever confirmed in her prognostications if once he could show her his name on the title-page of an actual, tangible, printed book. Of the perfect and beautiful devotion of these two, mother and son, to each other, there could be no doubt in the mind of anyone who listened to these recollections and Eelin liked to hear him talk in this way it was so human, and tender, and true ; she felt that she was drawn closer and closer to him in sympathy ; she followed these confessions with little gratified expressions of assent ; hers was a nature to understand this man and his humble surroundings and his hopes, and she paid him the tribute of something more than respect. Then he was emboldened to reveal to her his great immediate ambition, which was nothing less than this-that the old woman in Dingwall should come for a day to Inverness for the purpose of being introduced to Miss Macdonald, of Kinvig that her eyes might behold her for a moment or two, and perhaps a few ' words be exchanged ; whereupon the girl, in the audacious frankness of her generosity, immediately exclaimed : " No, indeed ! Why should she be put to the trouble of travelling ? I will go through Dingwall and call on her !'' "That would hardly do," he said, hurriedly. " If you were to be so kind as that, she-she might make a mistake. She is a great reader ; she lives a good deal in the world of romance and she might think that wild and impossible things were going to banner." " What things ?" she asked. He had need of all his self-control ; the cry of his heart was very near to his lips. "Impossible things," he said, curtly. " No. Some day I will go through so Dingwall, and bring back my mother with me ; because because I wish her to see you for even a minute. That day will record my high-water mark: ; thereafter-" " Yes ?" Thereafter the old mother will go home again to Dingwall, where the few people take; knows live. And as for myself. I shall resume my solitary work, giving up but surely not without gratitude associations and friendships I am not entitled to." " And why solitary work ?" she asked again. " Is that good, for you-or for anybody ?" " Perhaps not," he said, absently. " Solitariness is apt to chill one's sanguine enthusiasms. Being alone is a disheartening kind of thing ; one's faith in one's self is so apt to give way. It isn't thinking of the ' mighty poets in their misery dead' ; it's thinking of the millions of competitors who are alive and blocking every avenue. Never mind, success isn't everything. My right through the world may be long, and dreary, and a failure ; but it need not be ignoble. My pen shall not be a venial one. I will never debase my calling. And there is nothing dishonourable in poverty-if that is to be the end." " But why should you talk in that way ':" . she answered him, gently. | " And why should you voluntarily give , up friendships that you yourself appear to value ; Do you think that it is only the proud old lady in Dingwall who looks forward to a great future for her son ? There may be others who believe in you ; who know what you will do and who are only too willing to offer you comradeship and good-fellow- ship and sympathy and help. And why should you refuse Y-why should you turn away ?" Then the delirium of the moonlight night leapt to his brain. "Eelin," he said, "in that future, whatever it may have in store, will you be at my side V Eclin, will you be my wife ?" And who can tell what " sudden impulses of soul and sense may not at this same moment have swept away her reason from her '! She turned her eyes full on him she extended both hands ; she said, with a fine courage : " Yes ; I will I-I will ! And then he would have drawn her towards him to kiss her as a sign and scaling of the compact ; but she shrank away from him, and got Tree.. " Oil, no-not that !" she said, in mingled alarm and distress. " III will explain-I will write and explain. Good- night !" For by this time they had reached the gate of Glengarva House. " But I have your promise !" he said, breathlessly. " Oh, yes, yes ; you have my promise," she answered him, as she opened the gate, and again and noiselessly bade him farewell. Mora g the Mull lass was in the hall, sitting up for her young mistress. "Oh, Miss Eelin," she said, in great concern, " what for have you stayed so late in the garden. There are fearful beings about and they are the most treacherous when the moon is clearly " Toots, brothers !" said Miss Eelin, in good-natured seem. " Lock the, door, and put out the lights, and get to bed." As for her, she went upstairs to her room in rather a gay and gallant mood. She had nor in the least realised as yet what she had done. CHAPTER XXVIII. Engaged Lovers. At each end of Eelin's dressing-table There was a lighted candi.' ; between these was placed her writing-desk and now in the early hours of the morning she was laboriously trying to compose a letter. But on this occasion the ready pen and readier wit of " White Cockade had forsaken her she had made many efforts, and as many failures and these had not been torn up and thrown into the waste-paper basket they had been carefully put aside for some safer form of destruction. After all, it is not an easy thing for a proud- spirited and sensitive young woman to explain to the man she has just pro raised to marry that she would rather be safeguarded from endearments and demonstrations of affection ; somehow the phrases would not come right ; they were cold, unsympathetic, unmannerly, uninaidc-nly. The tragic humour of the situation was that she should conceal r it necessary to write in this strain to Archie Gilchrist of all persons in he world. It is true that when she promised to be his wife he had offered to kiss her, as was but natural in the car cumstances ; but the slight involuntary gesture" with which she had shrunk back was for him as a wall of iron between them. Did she fear his insist- ing on his rights of possession ? Thin it was little she knew of the man to whom she had pledged her life. i And at last she abandoned the hope- less task ; she threw herself back in the cushioned chair; and stared blankly before her. at the twin blinds of the parti- tioned window. At first she did not notice any change ; her eyes had grown accustomed to the yellow glare thrown upward by the candles, and to the dull reflection, of It op-<iuely returned by those vertical lengths of linen ; but of a sudden It occurred to her that this opacity had partly disappeared and that a certain transparency had taken its jets.' as blinds were no longer yellow, but more nearly their natural col- our ol' bluish-white. And 'then she understood. If the new day was not yet here, at least there were indications of its approach and so she got up and extinguished the candles, and we t into the little windowed recess from which she could look out on the awakening world. But not yet awakened. nSl ep hushed and profound dwelt over the hanging woods ; the cold, steel-grey surface of the stream was undisturbed by any breath of morning air ; not) a leaf stirred; the night still seemed to claim its own. Nevertheless above the foliaged heights across the river those brood ng heights that had become a bank of solid, dark, rich olive-green were premoni- tions of the wonders of the dawn ; here and there a touch of ineffable roses transparent swathe of faintest saffron a mystic glow that came stealing into the heavens, waxing warmer and clearer minute by minute. Were they still at their dancing in yoDder town ? Or was it not time for the last of the carriages to be summoned, lest maidens' cheeks should look pale in confronting the splendour now mounting into the skies ? But was the world indeed so empty It appeared to her that for the briefest second her absently gazing eyes had caught sight of a figure crossing an open glade in the bushes opposite the distant weir. And 1" this were not a ghost-if this- were an actual human being very well she knew who it might be. Who but a demented poet would be haunting the islands at such an hour ? And then she looked at the pile of unfinished letters, suggestive of an impossible endeavour and she thought the explana- tion would be ever So much easier if she could see him face to face and if there were any chance of meeting him, what more auspicious moment than the present, when there would be no passers by to intrude ? It is as a prospect that at once filled her with a sense of joyous deliverance. She forthwith locked up the discarded correspondence, to be dealt with by-and-by"; she finished her dressing-but carefully enough and then she got away downstairs and out of doors. If she were to be missed, no one would express much surprise ; the household were familiar with Wild Eelin's ways. (To be continued.) The following, from the Melbourne " Argus," is interesting in view of the fact that the police of Brisbane are shortly to do their difficult arrested wheel : " The first capture made by the ' flying squadron' of police recently sent to cruise in St. Kilda road for bicyclists travelling at a too high rate of speed were duly Wales before Mr. Nicolson, P.M., at the' District Court yesterday. His name was John James, and he was known as The White Flyer,' from the colour of the machine he rode. Constable Howard, one of the squadron, was mounted on a bicycle, when James went flying past at nearly twenty miles per hour along the St. Kilda road, on 22nd June but owing to the congested state of traffic the constable j was unable to catch him. He, however, waited -for him next morning. James Was fined 20s., with Co. costs. Two other searchers, Richard Charles Wicks and Louis Nathan, against whom charges were laid by Constables Rogers and Dillon are respectively, were also fined for furious riding in the city. Wicks, who chose Flinders street for Ms sprint, had to pay 10s., and Nathan, who performed on the St. Kilda road, was fined 15s." A census of the world's railways, recently compiled, gives the following figures In Europe the miles operated have risen in four years from 141,552 to 155, 284, in Asia from 22,025 to 26,890, in Africa from 6522 to 3169, in America from, 212,724 to 299,722, and in Australia from 12,322 to 13,888, making a total for the world of 433,953, against 395,143 four years ago. These figures show that Africa made the greatest proportionate advance, that continent's gain being over 25 per cent, against 9 per cent in Europe, 22 per cent in Asia, 8 per cent in America, 12% per cent in Australia, and nearly 10 per cent for the entire world. The length of the world's railways in 1895 of 433,953 miles is more than seventeen times the circumfer- ence of the earth at the equator. The North American continent has a greater mileage of railways than the rest of the world combined. ' 