\- A Dramatic Incident. > She bad caught the pink bow on bee shoulder in the wicker of the chair, and torn its fastening. * Can I help ?' he asked. * Can you pin!* ' Perfectly.' He was told to fetch her wotk-haskel from tbe^ drawing-room, and, on his return, knelt beside her as she adjusted the ribbon. ? Yon mnetiake your hands away," he said, " or I shall pin them there.' She folded them resignedly in her lap. but turned her bead with saucy distrustfulne^s to observe bis operations. * It should be eewn,' he suggested. * Can yon sew?' * Better than I can pin.* She opened tbe basket again, and, threading a needle, handed it up to him. * It will be easier if j-on stand.' She held out her band for assit-tance, and, as die raised herself, the lipbt clonk elipiied back from berdouldersinto the chair. He got through it eracefully enough, without the heavy breathing and squared elbows that men affect when wrestling with a needle; and, if his labor was somewhat lengthy, mere clumsiness may not have been so much to blame as be averred. ' What is the wage I' be inquired, as be cut the thread. •What do you suggest?'" A sudden mad impulse almost moved him to kiss her shoulder. Her finpers lia-1 n-s'.ed there by accident for an instant. thvr-vinsr a flash of color, like a shaken flap, over the delicate skin ; bat he was wiser Uian that. He said : 4 I will leave you in niv <?elit.' Perhaiis she read tbe conflict in his face—it was to be seen there—and resenting, as a woman may, his failure to do what, if done, would have still more incensed her, said, with a demure audacity in her eyes: * Ionly bargain for ready money.' Still unsteady from his own strn££l p , ho returned her ambiguous glance -.villi such interest that partly fiom excitement, and a desire by over-daring to force him int'i caution, she flipped lightly at the needi'-)>niut which he was holding between his teeth, saying: Yon shouldn't put pins in your inouth. 1 He started back suddenly, and then, with a trolp and a flash of terror in his face. Uirer.- hiinwlf across a chair, head downwards, comrhing violently. When he raised him?i>lf stiffly she was white as a ghost, aud could scarcely command Hie voice to say ; 'What was it?' 'The needle.' ' Yondidnt swallow it?' He began to recover himself, and to remember he most have looked foolish; his face was nearly as] pale as hers, but he laughed as he •aid— " I'm afraid it's lost to yon or ever," "Will it kill yon?" He thought she was going to faint, she was to deathly white, and for the moment he did not care what happened to her; he felt to hate her, in a selfish sordid cowardly bullion, for what die bad done. He said, almost Bulkiiy— "Isn't there a doctor I could see?*' She was crying like a girl, but just rt»adied tier voice to say the ca n-iage would be tben at the door and they conld drive doon to the nearest physician's. She only epoke once by the way. She laid her hand on his, and said in heart-broken fashion—"Salt, I am so Sony. 1 ' " It doesn't matter," be replied, not over gently; "what is it?" He hardly knew what be raid—he was speculating on the whereabouts of the needle. He expected every moment to begin to die, and, in epite of his words, that did seem a matter of the'most importance. • * « « Cheny voices from the street-door gave her quite a revulsion of joy. 'Tbatube all right,' she heard; 'wadit well and lie low.' A double' Good-night.' the door slammed, and I'edely was taking his seat beside her; be save the word for home, leant back and laughed. 'Seems to be the wholesomest thing in tbe worid; whole tneal and butter-milk not in it; can't eat enough; number ruine.j and new bread, with porridge to follow. Thimble- cup, I suppose, to wash it down. r 1 unfortunately, does not justify Hctan's hojreful forecast,—From "Itust Crold * by Francis Provost. In Oeanda l*4!lfOOO JE sunk thisyeartokeep Dp the British Protectorate. Nor is this all. Aftrant in aid of the revenues of. tbe Prolec torate in British Central Africa means the duripition of L19.200. It inuetaot, however, be forgotten that ibis sum includes the exiiente of maintaining three steamers Intfierto chnreed on Ifavy votes. The upkeep of these craft •• estimated at L7200 a year. Botton 1 : •Whatiafhedifference-ibefwHais meialM maaaiht and an ordinary jAiyadwi ;' «.5»itw.' 'YonTlk ball know qui<± quick enough when th6 euscuir iit tends in hil bill.' 