ROUND THE WORLD. The ghost of Wagner will over over the Paris Exhibition of 1900, says an English contemporary, and grin hor ribly a jealous grin. One of the novel ties is to be a gigantic trnumpet. This will measure three hundred feet in length. 'lThe blowing of the instrument. will bhe done by machinery, and a pair of lips nmodelled after those of a man will control the volume of air that will sweep torntado-like through them into the great horn. Gigantic bellows operated by electric engines will fur nish the stream of wind. letmtains of the skulls of two wild horses have recently been discoverd in Ireland. They inlicate that the ani mals were very mlucllh slaller thalt the horses of to-day. Tile remains were found in thie gravel underlying a bog. Similar discoveries Ilhave hieretofore been made in Ireland, some of them in Shandont Cave. Geologists believe that a race of wild horses inhabited the is land at the same time that the gigan tic clks, whose skeletons are found in the bogs, flourished there. But while the elks were of enonnrmous sltature, the lhorses were dwarfs. The Japanese merchant marine, says " Indiian and Eastern Enllgineer," has increased since tle Chinese-Japanese war fromn 160,000 to 400,000 tons of stetam slhipping. Lines are now orga nised .sailing from thile chief ports of Japan to China, India, 'Europe, Ame rica, and Australia. This growth fol lows a change from an agricultural to a manufacturing nation. In 1872 Japan only exported manufactutred articles to the value of £100,000; in 1890 ex porfs of this class amounted to £9,000,000, or 40 per cent, of her total exports. The Rev, Anna Shaw wants (says a New York paper) to .be .a Chicago policeman. In face, she thinllks the en tire force should be madle up of wo men. She declared before the Nation al Conlvention of the Womlen's Suit rage Association that 200 uniformed women as policemen in Chicago would do more toward the elimination of crime than many times that number of men. "If the mayor of this city had the insight into existing sociologi cal conditions which he 6iught to have, and whichll his successor 100 years hence will possess," said she, "he would at once realise the importance of having women represented on the police force. And if he wanted to know where to find the women, let him go to the Salvation Arrmy." The municipal year-book of Berlin for 1896, just publishbd, contains an interesting section on the size of Ber lin families. In that year a lady, 41 years old, presented her husband with his twentieth living child. There were five families withl 10 children, 16 with 18, 17 with 17, 32 with 16, 63 with 15, 83 with 14, and 126 with 13. Two hun dred pairs of Berlin patients counted a dozen children each, the mother in one case being only 26 years old. A mother of 18 offsprings was 35 years old,. while women of 23 and 24 had borne eight and five children respec tively. On the whole, however, early marriages are much rarer here than in London. There were only 62 hus bands under 20 years of age during 18960, and only 63 wives underi17. On the other hand, 150 bachelors over 56 years old changed their estath, and one lady becamne a mother for the first time in her 55th year. Onie of the stories that the late James P'ayn liked to tell was about what he called an American duel, wherein two duellists with one second metwithin doors and drew lots to de cide which should shoot himself. A was the unlucky man, and without a word he retired into the next apart ment to carry out the purpose of self destruction. B and the second, both very much moved by the tragedy of the situation, remained in listening attitudes. At last the pistol was heard, and they were shuddering with emotion and remorse when suddenly in rushed thie supposed dead man, triumphantly exclaiming, "Missed, by heaven !" The newest thing in naval warfare is the submarine searchlight. It is being fitted up for some of the Ame rican ships of war. The beam of light is projected in a nearly horizontal, but slightly upward direction, from a glass lantern far below water level. It illumimltes the surface of the water only at the place where it emerges, so that the battleshlip may light up the movements of the enemy while re maining in thie utter'most obscurity herself. An officer who was present at the battle of Atbara has sent home a de scription which contains the following incident :--" The .men had brought branches to throw over the mimosa branches, wihich formed the zareba, and which bristle' with the most frightful thorns you cau imagine, 2in or 3in long, as stiff as nails, and as sharp as needles. The officers carried sacks for the same purpose, and at this period, whilst I was carrying my sack over my left arm, I felt it twitch ed, and found that a bullet had passed through it between my arm and stle without touching me." Supplying workpeople with cycles is spreading in Germany. -The latest example in that direction has been given by tlhe Portland cement works of KIarlstadt, in Bavaria, which has purclhased 20 mnachlines at a cost of £169, and distributed them amongst some of the hands. The latter are charged 5s to 10s a month for repay ment of same, but as the workpeople pay a matter of 4s a month on an average for railway fare, which their machines save them once for all, be sides allowing them to get hIome in 20 minutes, instead of having some times to wait an hour for a train, this measure of the firm almost amounts to a gift. The late Chiief Justice Kotze, of the Transvaal, is evidently determined to give President Kruger no quarter. Rie plying to an address presented to hint bearing thie signatures of 2000 persons, the learned gentlmntn described the pious Paul as "a wily old autocrat," "a hypocrite," and "a meek and mild Chadband," who had been guilty of treason to thie Republic. Mr. Kotze is on hiis way to England to lay his case before tlhe Colonial Secretary. The first town to be lighted with acetylease gas is Totis, in Hungatry. Not only are thie streets and squares lighted with the new illuminant, but •a large number of business and pri vate houses, and no untoward incident has yet occurred. Experiments are being tried in the same direction in Vienna and some other Continental towns. 