Chronic Ills THE AMENDMENT OF THE LIQUOR LAWS. Speaking of Local Option the late Mr. Gladstone once said, "It is a sound principle, which has every title to be pressed on Parliament, and which will be useful wherever it is adopted." There is, we suppose, not the least chance of Local Option being- pressed upon W.A.'s Parliament for some time to come, especially when we consider the nature of the proposed amendment of the Liquor Laws. But the phase of I tbe subject v.inch seems to us most noteworthy is this, that the drink j question (which is by no means the ; name as the drunkenness question) i can never be discussed WITHOUT | UNDUE EXCITEMENT. Our recent article on Sunday ! trading, caused several people, who ; had no occasion to do so, to go out j of their way to become hot-headed j and say untrue things about certain j gentlemen who are not in any way connected with this journal. As , soon as temperance reformers begin 1 to speak of alcohol it yets into tlieir heads. The question of the drink traffic is much like that of religion, in this re-pect, that the terms of its argument ar£ not mere logical tern s subject only to the laws of inference. They are surcharged with emotion ; and what is in appearance an argument is in reality an appeal. The only way to ensure a logical treatment of the subject is to change the terms—or generalise them. The main assumption underlying the de.nand for Local Option is this—if in a certain district a number of people don't wont Z, then Z MUST BE ELIMINATED from that district. Now let us suppose Z to be oysters (which make some people sick) or race horses (some folks can't stolid horseracing). It may easily happen that- two or three vigorous persons should beat up a majority who don't like oysters or who detest horseracing. Would it therefore be just to forbid the sale of oysters in the district in question, or to arrest anyone found with a card of " the weights" ? But it may be objected with some show of reason that oysters and horses cannot result in MORAL HARM, T while drink can. Very well then ; substitute religion for oystars and horses. Even the Licensed Victuallers we presume, would admit that greater and MORE LASTING HARM comes from taking the wrong religion than from taking the wrong drink (if there is any in the West). Is it not then the duty of the majority—for the time being—in any given area, to shut up all the places of worship frequented by the minority ? Would they not be culpably negligent if they allowed other people to imbibe doctrine which they knew themselves to be pernicious." We think Local Option in religion should a fortiori, follow Local Option in drink. We can conceive that by judicious combinations of rival sectarians forming temporary majorities, every place of worship—say in Perth, could be closed by the police, from the Cathedral to the meanest conventicle. Of course you will say this is all toiumy-rot. And if you do we have PROVED OUR POINT. But while the CHRONICLE does not hold wi}h Local Option it also does not intend to connive with Sunday traders. We are of opinion that the system of limited hours for the sale of intoxicants on Sunday which obtains in England, is one of the precedents which it would be MOST UNWISE to establish here. Firstly, because we know only too well the results which have accrued from it in the mother-land, and they are an example which we would do well not to emulate. Secondly, because from our point of view IT IS UNFAIR to give any one body of traders advantage over the others, who are debarred from vending their wares on the Sabbath. And thirdly, because we don't want drunkenness on the Sabbath dav, its influence being very demoralising and pernicious. The accusation of wholesale Sunday trading made in these columns already BEEN SHEETED HOITE to several unprincipled publicans bv the police, and now the Licensed Victuallers Association have approached the Premier with a view to obtaining legal permission to trade on the Sabbath. Against such » law, to ^ pi rate an expression, the CMROKICLE FIGHTER FROM THE JI MP. The pVesent Liquor Laws "are <iuite ^ in their pi.ov:,:on~ for traveuers or visitors in Hotels, and THERE ;s no reason win-, at this stage of the colony's career, we should a necessary evil out of what is an unnecessary trade None of the other coIonies have seen fit to Wi ht Uiemsdves with such a ITI£;asiirCj aild tiie peop]e of w.A. W;U act wise]y io instructing their poi5tica| representatives not lo vote for t]ie ;ilSenion of t!ie THIN END OF A. WEDGE which means drunkenness, disgrace, and deterioration. Those wjjo brin:;" forward the scheme have axe to grind, and were the laws amended as suggested, it means that temptation will be thrown in the way of those who want to desert •their homes on a Sunday, and the publicans, wio are in this case the fishers of men in quite another sense, are known to reap harvests on the Sabbath. It is ti-is aspect which strikes us as being SO MANIFESTLY UNFAIR. Unfortunately as we know throughout the week the Hotel-keeper has his full share of trade, and while we have no grounds whatever for objecting to that, we" do not intend that drink traders, whose traffic may perhaps put more revenue into the Treasury, and MORE MEN IN GAOL than any o'her commodity, shall be the only one class who may carry out their business on a Sundaj 7 . It would indeed be a gross mistake to make. The butcher and the grocer are not allowed to pursue their avocation, and if there be a dernan i for drink, it is a natural conclusion that there must be a - NECESSITY FOR BREAD and meat, so that it would be just as reasonable to ask for an "amendment of the laws, to enable those shopkeepers to have the benefit of a limited Sunday trade. The whole question is surcharged with the object of breaking down the law which will not (as was intended) permit of any section thriving on an illicit and AN IGNOBLE TRADE. The Premier is reported to have said that he could not see wh\ something should not be done to amend the Liquor Laws aild make certain unprohibited hours of sale on Sundays. Sir John made a similiar statement with regard to the tariff some time ago AND AFTERWARDS REGRETTED having done .so. Should this iniquitous*. and unnecessary permission be given to create drunkenness on the Sabbath day, not only the Prime Minister, but the whole of the Parliament and the people will bitterly repent tlieir action. It is simply steeping the country to the bone in a corrupt and callous legislation, and so surely as this is in the bone, it will come out in the flesh of West Australia. '* Honi soit que mal-y-pense." The CHRONICLE speaks in a public, not a private, sense and courts the refutation of its arguments. It can't stand class legislation. The Orient Company's new steamer " Omrah" has been launched at Glasgow. She has a deadweight earning- capacity cf 10,000 tons. The natives of Vusa in the Solomon Group, butchered the crew of the cutter Sea Ghost, ran the vessel ashore, looted and destroyed her, and then held a cannibalistic feast. 