AN ANGEL OF INNOCENCE. ClIAPTEK JjII. To bo sure, Eve was much surprised nt tho homago which she was paid by Lawyer Scarfe and his housekeeper, and shu looked from the ono to tho other, as Scarfo bowed aud AVoxen ducked, puzzled to comprehend what it could mean. She had felt hurt aud humiliated when first coarsely repelled by tho time-serving lawyer; and now sho felt as much pained and embarrassed by tho behaviour of him aud his house koopor. She could not understand it. It eoomed like insulting satire upon hor fallen conditiou to bow and cringe to hor thus. Sho had becomo accustomed to the obeisanco of her servants when resid ing under tho caro of tho Countess of Carleton. But since then she had worked for hor own living, and expected to have to do so again ; there fore bows, nourtesies, and obsequious grimaces seemed only to her to bo bitter irony. So whon Lawyer Scarfe, for about the fortieth tiino, attomptod to dust tho carpet with his forehead, and Mrs Woxon had squatted, like a Hindoo womiMi, as many times on hor heels, Eve's brow contracted aud, looking coldly on Scarfo, she; said, with quiet dignity— ' I fear you havo mistaken mc for other than I am.' ? ' I think not, madam—l think not, , returned the lawyer, settling himself into au attitude most expressive .of servility. ' Although entitled to a. proper respect, I have no claim whatever to the homage which you nro both now paying to me,' sne continued.'unheed ing" his reuinrlc." ' I" am poor. My position ia really subordinate, and tho deferoncoyou aro now offering to mc in one sense disconcerts mc ; in another—that is, mere vulgar-ridicule —it humiliates, wounds, offends, insults mc. ' Oh, no ; ah, no ; oh, pray, no ! Not insult you!' exclaimed Lawyer Scarfe, gutturally. 'Such an intention is tlio very, very farthest from my thoughts. Indeed, such pooc respect as I can pay you is far- beneath that to which you are entitled. . ? . „? ' Indeed you are mistaken in me,' returned Eve, with emphasis; .'1 repeat I am poor. My position is humble, and is likely to continue such. Indeed, your adulatory, manner distresses mc. ? ? - - ? ' I will change it willingly, at your command, madam,' responded Scarfe fiiwuingly ; ' excepting to a demeanour which would not denote the very high respect I entertain for you, I muat be excused acting" in such a manner as that. I would infinitely . rather perish than not exhibit to you that great,'that very groat, respect which I know to be your just due. , "Eve turned away from him, and he perceived that, she" was really perplexed and disquieted by. his servile complaisance. ? He therefore said, blandly ' Pardon mo, madam, if I set .your mind at rest on this point. You have madam, advanced that I am mistaken in you —your position, your right to be treated with profound respect and deference.' '1 am euro you aro !' exclaimed Eve, quickly, turning hor I'nco to him, aud bending her dark, brilliant orbs upon him with a flash which affected him in a very remarkable degree. As when ho heard Colonel Egre mont mention the name of Sir Merlo Adamant, his face turned of tho huo of an opal, and an exclamation escaped his lips. After an uneasy movement of his throat two or three times, he cleared his voice, and wont on to say— ' If I am mistaken in you, madam, you were never at Cerne Priory.' ' I was reared there from my earliest recollection until a year or bo past,' she responded, with quickness. He winked both his eyes. ' If I am deceived in you,' he went on to say, 'you are unacquainted with a very remarkable —a most extraordinary'—he shuddered—' a most mysterious porsonago ; a barcuet —Sir Merle Adamant ?' 'He was my guardian!' she ox claimed, rapidly, regarding the lawyer's ribbed face with eager in terest. -~ ' And is now your enemy ?' returned Scarfo, with a look as if he felt a frog crawling down his back next to his skin, and his hair was rising slowly up. , ??"?'. 'I fear so,' sho returned, plain tively. ' But do you.know what his enmity means?' ho said, . slowly, hie com plexion, at the same time gradually assuming the tint 'of an .'"unripe greengage. .' . 'Danger of some terrible, kind to all who incur it,' rexjlied Eve, quietly ; 'but I fear it not. He cannot kill' the soul.' . ? No ! truly, uo !' rejoined Scarfe, reflectively; ' but all the other parts, you know, suffer much during tho process of—of—immolation. And, believo mc, madam, Sir Merle Adamant knows how to immolate.' A soft but xjrolongcd groan in his rear made Scarfo jump fivo feet, and utter a half-suppressed shriek. His eudden action caused Eve to turn pale with alarm.; but tho occasion of the lawyer's terror turned yet to be Mrs AVoxon, who, acquainted, seem ingly with tho- character and with Homo of tho proceedings of Sir Merlo Adamant, had fancied that sho saw his spectre Hitting about tho door way, and unconsciously ijavo ulterauco to tho dreary moan which had startled hor master so much. When Scarfo ascertained what it was that had disturbed him, ho bestowed upon AVoxen n few cautionary remarks. Sbo appeared to comprehend that they involved promises which, if kept, would bo productive of much suffering to her ; therefore sbo kept a' check on her emotions while the conversation proceeded further. Lawyer Scurfo, by further innuendo and by Jdarkiy-utterod bints, made. Eve believe that he knew not only her history, but her origin; and be assured her that, whatever Sir Merlo Adamant might assert to tho contrary, she was|ontitled, when of ago, to a very largo fortune. But thero were some provisions in the will, which left vast properties to her and her sister, by a peculiar' disposition, of an auceetor, which, "if violated, would make all tbo wealth r.nd possessions revert to Sir Merle Adamant, to dispose of absolutely us ho might determine.' That will Sir Merlo Adamant had obtained possession of, and had secreted it ; while he had* on pretence of holding tho property in trust until the will was discovered, enjoyed tho full use of it, investing the funds and changing the socuritius—assum ing, in fact, all tho powers of an unfettered trustee.- Lawyer Scarfo pointed out to Eve that, until this will was secured, she must remain—unless., hiddon from him—exposed to' the lnercy of Sir Merlo Adamant. 'But if I act for you, my dear madam,' continued Lawyer Scarfe, astutely, -i I- will get possession of that will. I- know where it was hidden ; but my belief that you wore drowned prevented mo from—caring anything about it. But now, if I have your instructions to act for you in tho matter, it slinll uot be long before I have it safely in my clutches. Do you, my dear madam, empower mo to act for you ?' ' With such knowledge, and such prospects before mc, I cannot hesitato,' returned Eve; and pressing her hands together, elia said, with grateful, upturned cyos, 'I trace readily tho hand of Providence in the strango circumstance in which 1 am placed ; imd to hcav.cn I offer my earnest thanks for thus lifting mo out of the deep despair into which I wan fast sinking.' " : 'Xes—quite so—certainly,'.remarked Scarfe, who entertained a rather ?' practical' view of inuudauo affairs. 'It is our duty, of course; but, my dear madiitin, you, no doubt, reuioiuber. Come Priory very vividly.' — .'.'Every chamber in it,' returned Eve, instantly. .'I thought it very dreary ?ahd dull'when I dwelt in it; but my heart yearns to go.bnclc to it.' 'It wou't by and by, , returned Lawyer Scarfe, hazarding a laugh. 'It was an-awful gloomy, vaulty place for ghosts to wander in twenty years ago, the last time 1 ventured within it.- What it must bo now I can imagine. Not at all enticing as a, country box, I- am sure. However, there is tho will which gives j'ou tho fortune of the Bank of England, madam.' ? 'There?' interrogated Eve, with surprise. 'There, madam,' replied Scarfe, em phatically ; and proceeding. ' Do you remember a half library, half study— a chamber in the Priory in which Sir Merlo used to sit and write—heaven knows what; —privato letters I sup pose ?' 'A room encased with oak, a painted ceiling, aud the furniture heavy and old,' answered Eve. ' The same,' replied Scarfe, quickly. There were somo pictures in ebony Frames,' he addod. ' And a tall, strange old bookcase,' observed Evo, reflectively ; ' and pede stals with figures and busts on them.' ' Xes ; but what else—what else ?' inquired Scarfe, oagorly.' ' There was something-else, which, if onco seen, could not bo forgotteu. Think, madam; pray think. Oh, do say it was there when you were there.' 'Do you meau a curious old ebony, dirty-looking cabinet, with cross-wired doors, and- old dingy red curtaius ?' interrogated Eve. Lawyer Scarfe clapped hie hands together. * * I do !' ho exclaimed,. 'I do, Ido! That is the secrot cupboard, and in it is tho'Will,' ho concluded, in a do. cidedly emphatic and distinct whisper. 'In the cabinet!' ejaculated Eve, with wonder ; but almost immediately subjoined, with a meditative air. ' It is quite possible I never caw Sir Merle unlock it and examine its contents but once. Then I had entered the room unheard by him. I saw how ho was occupied ; and haying always imagined, when I had gazed upon its exterior, that there must bo something wonderful within, I, per haps, watched it too pryingly, for Sir Merle, happening to turn. saw. mc. He became torriblv excited, aud drove nib away, quite affrighted by hie passion.'.. " .'.-" . ;'lt is thoro!' exclaimed Scarfe, rub bing his hands. 'Listen, madam. I will, tell you how I know it to bo there. .-."?'.? Hβ reduced his voice to a whisper ; and not only Eve, but AVoxen, drew closer to him, each being impressed, ac it were, with a feeling of almost superstitious dread. "With a mysterious manner, he was about to rovoal what lie. evidently esteemed a secrot, when a voice at tlie door startled thorn all so that they separated with an ejaculation and a .scared look. On looking towards the door, they perceived ?. dwarf country girl, of about thirteen yoars of age, who acted as a help to Mrs Woxon. ' What do you want?' exclaimed Scarfo, sharply, and with a snarl like a mongrel. ' There's a man somewhero aboot,' said tho girl, with a half grin upon her face, as if sho know she was communi cating intelligence calculated to create alarm, and yet that blio thought there was something of a joko about it. ?" A—mau !' repeated Scarfo, looking iucreduloualy at her. ' "What does tho calf mean ?' ' What do you moan Lyddy ?' cried Mrs Woxen, bustling up to hor. * Seed a man ranging aboot tho pad dick ; then ho crep' over bridge as crosses gut into kitchen gnrd'n ; then ho bent doou aud crop' under hedge ; au' then I seed 'un go in scullery. 1 been a loolciu' for'n, but I can't find'u. , Mrs AVoxon remembered Umj phan tom, whom she thought inuat have been the spirit of Sir Merlo Adamant flitting about the doorway; and clapp ing hor hauda together, she ex claimed — 'There was a mau! I saw him; but 1 thought, ho. was—a—a —tho dcv ' ; . ... ? -.?'_??__. ' A mau !' interrupted Scarfe, with a look of .bewilderment. , Hβ rushed out of the room into the hall. The street door was ajar. It .; was ahvaye kept fastened. ?'? " Lyddy !' roared Mr Scarfe. She ran up to him. Ho pointed to" ; the door. '.Did you opeu that?' ho asked, fiercely, ' Noa, , shol returned, looking at it with surprise. 'I soed it shoot jus' afore I went out to look after the (looks. Thai; wur w.hehl saw the. mau ; goo inter garden. , ; 'Then ho has escaped this , way, , . groaned Scarfe. ' I am robbed ! I am ruined ! I am a beggar!' . . Instead of sinking down on the ground in a fit, he seized his hat and rushed into the village. There was not a soul visible. Ho hurried to the polico station, which maintained two ? policemen. Ho found one-half of tho force having his dinner, with au oyo to a quiet pipe after it. The other half was always somewhere up in the woods, reading 'Proverbial Philosophy,' and catching butterflies. Inquiries, searches —all efforts to discover tho mysterious visitor proved vain. Nothing wns stolen—not. oven a blackthorn walking-stick in tho hall. The object of tho man in stealing into tho houeo, and out of it, was, therefore, quito a mystery. Scarfo affected-to dismiss it as a thing of no consequence; but his was a mind which would not easily regard such an accident us a thing oP no con boquonco. He resolved, therefore, secretly to inquire furthor into the matter. Ho had an impression that Colonol "Egromont had something to do with it, when ho discovered that not an articlo of property had been removed; and ho determined, if it had, to find it out. He had frequently observed tho colonel's man, Chotlle, and ho had an opinion of him not favourable to his principles. It was quite possiblo that the colonol entertained so mo dis honourable designs against Miss Mort maino, and that he had sent Chottle upon some errand connected with them secretly to the house. ' But thoro is mo to got the best of,' soliloquized Scurfe. ' There is me — Scarfe — Lawyer Scarfo—to got tho best of. ? And, considering what I havo in view, I don't think that I shall easily bo got tho host of. I will bo bold enough to say that I don't think I shnll easily bo got ihe best of. Ho returned homo with au ap parently ch.eer.ful air; and, shortly after his return, dinner wns served, at whifch ho made a groat show of giv ing Eve the place of honour. Sho was not, howover, so ill at hor ease now ns sho would havo been but for her conversation with Scarfo, and far more hopeful than when she entered tho village of ltopley. Sho began to entertain a presontijiout that her persecutions had ended, and that sho should move steadily forward henceforward into tho sphere to L \vhich she rightfully belonged. Over the dinner sho put many ques tions to him portinent to her origin and position in life ; and, always with reservation, becauso that was a habit which he had contracted during his legal career, ho answered them much to her satisfaction. Ho further delicately intimated that, being fully acquainted with the justice of her claim to great wealth, ho should grieve if at any moment she hesitated to treat him as her banker. Whon tho dinner was ended, ho ushered hor, with many a salaam, into 'the best room. It had been lighted up with wax lights, and tho large oval table in the centre of tho room, was epread with some llashily- bound books, picked up at execution sales cheaply. Hero ho left Ts v e to amuse hersolf, while he retired to his small consult ing-room, to consider how ho should manage with Colonel Egremont, who was to pay him a visit at eight o'clock. He did not think it would bo dis creet to nppoar cool to tho colonel, nor to refuso to fulfill any instructions which ho might give to him respecting Evo. It would not be difficult to nullify them, and yet keep on good terms with him. If he offended tho colonel, ho would certainly lono a good client; it was not a certainty that Sir Merle Adamant had notdos troyel tho will which would bring Evo to a splendid position, and secure for him a good fortune, as ho fully in tondod tosecuro iirst-ralo terms before ho parted with tho will, if ho should succeed in gotting it into his posses sion. Therefore, it was necessary to be cautious. Then, again, ho might offend Evo by introducing to her Colonel Egro mont. It was true tho colonel knew her, for ho had mentioned Sir Merlo Adamant in rolation to hor, and she might bo acquaintod with the colonol, but not favourably. She would, if tho latter were the case, bo angry with him for permitting her to bo intruded upon by a person whom sho disliked. But then the colonel was tho son of a nobleman of high rank, nnd possibly, whon he came to know that Miss Mortinaiuo was a young heiress of ? o—normous ' expectations, ho might offer his hand to hor in mar riage, which, if sho accepted, might result in unimaginable advantages to —Lawyer Scarfe. While perplexing himself with theso conflicting considerations, Colonel Egremout arrived. Ho entered tho houses very quietly, tho door boing opoued by Lyddy. From this short maid he loarned that Evo was in tho best room, Scarfo was in his sanctum, and Mrs Woxen was in the pantry. Ho slipped a small gold coin into tho hand of Lyddy, and bade her show him the room in which Miss Mort maino was seated, and then to leave him alone with her. It was not long after this that tho door of Lawyer Scarfo's sanctum opened, aud Colonel Egremont walked in. Scarfe leaped to his feet and offered him a chair. He saw there was a_ Iluehod, perturbed look upon the colonel's faco, and that he was evi dently excited. He marvelled. He had expected to see him enter neat and trim to a fault; all smiles, all graciousness. Ho waited for an explanation ; but the colonel, with an oath, ilung him self into a chair, nnd began to inuttor words unintelligible to the lawyer. Presently the lawyer ventured to say— ' Go-ood ee-ven-ing, colonel.' J Tho colonol turned sharply to him, and said, brusquely — ..'-.. -' Sit down, Scarfe, and don't keep, moving and buzzing'about, liko an in fernal wasp, worrying and irritating mo to a pitch of fury." Scarfo sat down meekly. He won dered what waa coming. ' Well, I've seen Miss Mortmaine,' suddenly observed the colonel. ' Ah !' ejaculated Scarfe, in rather a prolonged tone, not quite certain what oxpression to givo it. He was certainly not a little surprised, and his eyes betrayed it. .'Miss Mortmaine was de- lighted to see you, colonel, of courso ?' ' Quite tho contrary,' he returnod, biting his nethor lip. ' 1 was never so robuffod, taken aback, nonplussed, cut down in my life. The girl is a marvel. I sent up my mau Chettle to London since I have seou you. He has brought mo down information about this girl which satifiee mo that sho was a moro protegee of Sir Morle Adamant's ; that . ho has discarded her; and that sho is wandering about, a mere beggar, really without a homo which ahe enn call her own. Hia in formation wus obtained from un doubtotl authority — tho Honourable Miss Unifi- iivillo, who knew her inti- , mately—nud therefore not to bo dis puted. Of course, on hearing this rather unexpected news, I—l—cer tainly—when I introduced myself into tho room in which she was seated ' Oh, you introduced yourself, colonel ?' interposed Suarfo. ' D 3'ou, don't interrupt me,' lie returned, wrathfully. 'Of courso I introduced inyeelC to her, and ad dressed her inoro familiarly—very much moro familiarly — than 1 should have done if I had not heard Choltle's story ; but, instead of even acknow ledging mc, sho looked at mo like a Pythoness. By Jovo, if hor eyes had been lances, sho woulil have run mc through tho brain with them. She drew herself up like a Juno, curled her lip in utter scorn, and with her face whiter than an Arctic moon, sho sailed out of the room into another, fastening tho door behind hor." The colonel wiped his forehead. ' No woniiin over so bitterly scorne 1 me,' he pursued, anvagelv ; ' no dog was ever treated with such withering contempt; but she shall not take high ground with mo for nothing. Now, look you, Scarfe, you inuat servo mc in this.' 'In what ?' asked Soarfo, with a gulp. ' I will tell you,' exclaimed tho colonel, drawing his chair closer to him, and speaking in a low tone. ' I am madly infatuated by the beauty of that girl. I may be a fool, and all that; but her loveliness has com pletely overwhelmed mo, and at any risk, at any cost, I will make her mine—and you must help mc lo her.' Scarfo drew his chair back a foot or so. ' Hut, colonel !' he stammered. The colonel checked him sternly. ' Not a word,' ho suitl, with Ret teeth. ' Listen to mc, awcl obey. If you refuse to obey I will shoot you, if lam hanged for it. I will stick at nothing now. I am desperate. I have made up my mind that Miss Mortmaine shall be mine, and sho shall !' Ho uttered a tremendous oath, to .bind his assertion, and Scarfe snorted with trepidation as ho heard it. ' Now Scarfe,' continued the colonel, drawing his chair nearer to him, 'your part in the affair will bo small, simple, and easy * ' Another word, and I sottlo your affairs in this world for ever,' exclaimed the colonel, producing a small pocket six-chambored revolver. Scarfe's hair stood on end for tho twentieth tinio that day, his chattered, and his eyes, expanded to t>vice thoir natural size, fastened them selves upon tho pistol, the muzzle of which was in a direct line with his skull. ' To-morrow night, at half-past ten, bj artifice, persuasion, what ever you choose, have induced Miss Mortmaine to accompany you a part of tho way up the lane which leads to Belworth Heath,'continued thecolonel, in a peremptory, menacing tone. ' Sho will woar a cloak, which will cover liar well, and keep the cold out. There, that is all; I will do the rest. , ' The rest,' repeated Scarfe, almost inaudibly. ' 1 shall have a carnage, with a pair of fast horses, there. Do you under stand ?' rejoined the colonel. ' Oh, yes - just so—quite. Oh, yes, perfectly,' muttered iScarfe, with a trembling jaw. ' Very well,' replied the colonel, ris ing. ' You will fail mc at your peril. Not another word. Half- past ten to morrow night. Good-night!' With that tho colonel, with his face still burning and scarlet, roso up from his chair, and quitted the house. Scarfo followed him to tho door, closed it after him, locked it, bolted it, and put the chain up. ? You will get tho best of mc, eh !' ho muttered, with a diabolical grin. In the most vulgar manner imaginable ho placed tho thumb of his left hand to his nose, extended his lingers, and with his right pretended to turn an organ-handlo in the immediate vicinity of tho littlo finger, which was stretched out at its farthest. (_To be continued.') 