SHORT STORIES. THE WOMAN WITH THE HOOD. By L. T. Meade, Author of "The Medicine Lady," "Stories from the Diary of a Doctor," "Dr. Ru'msey's Patient," etc., etc. (Continued.) Bending gently forward, I took her wrist between my finger and thumb. The pulse was very faint and slow. As I was feeling it she opened her eyes. "Who are you?" she asked, looking at me without any alarm, and with only a very languid curiosity in her tone. "I am the new doctor who has come in Dr. tMcKenzie's place," I answered. "My name is Bruce." She 'gave me just the ghost of a smile. "Mine is not a case for the doctor," she said. "Has mother told you what troubles me?" "Yes," I answered. "You are very nervous, and must not be alone. I will sit with you for a little." "It makes no difference whether you are here or not," she said. "She will come back again in about an hour. You may or may not see her. She will certainly come, and then my aw ful terrors will begin again." "Well, we will wait for her to gether," I said, as cheerfully as I could. I moved a chair forward as I spoke, and sat down by the bedside. Miss Frayling shut her eyes with a little 'impatient gesture. I motioned to Mrs. Frayling to seat herself not far away, and going deliberately to some of 'the candles, put them out. The light no longer fell strongly on the bed; the patient was in shadow. I hoped she might fall into really deep slumber, and not awaken till the morning light had banished ghostly terrors. She certainly seemed to have sunk into gentle and calm sleep; the expression of her face seemed to smooith out, her brow was no longer corrugated with anxious wrinkles gentle smiles played about her lips. She looked like the child she was. I guessed as I watched her that her years could not number more than seventeen or eighteen. "She is better," said Mrs. Frayling; "she may not have another attack to night." As she spoke she rose, and, telling me she would return in a few minutes, left the room. She and I were the only watchers by the sick girl, the servants having retired to bed. Mrs. Frayling went to fetch something. She had scarcely done so before I was conscious of a complete change in the aspect of the room. It had felt home like, warm, and comfortable up to this moment; now I was distinctly con scious of a sense of chill. I could not account for my sensations, but most undoubtedly my heart began to beat more quickly Lhan was quite agreeable; I felt a creeping sensation down my back; the cold seemed 'to grow greater. I said to myself, "The fire wants re plenishing," but I had an unaccoun table aversion to stirring; I di(a not even want to turn my head. At the same moment Miss Frayling, who had been sleeping so peacefully, began evi dently 'to dream. Her face worked with agitation; she suddenly opened her eyes, and uttered a sharp, piercing cry. "Keep her back," she said, flinging out her arms, as if she wanted to push something from her. I started up instantly, and went to the bedside. At this moment Mrs. Frayling came into the room. The moment she did so the sense of chill and unaccountable horror left me; the room became once more warm 'and home-like. I looked at the fire; it was piled up high in the grate, and was burning merrily. Miss Frayling, however, did not share my pleasanter sensations. I said she would come back," she exolaimed, pointing with her finger to the foot of the bed. I looied in that direction, but could see nothing. "Can't you see her? Oh, I wish you could see her," she cried. "She stands there at the foot of the bed; she wears a hood, and her face is yellow. She has been dead a long time, and I know she wants to say something. I can not speak to her. Oh, tell her to go away; tell her to go away." "Shut your eyes, Miss Frayling; do not look," I said. Then I turned and boldly faced the empty space where rthe excited girl had seen the apparition. "Whoever you are, leave us now," I said in an authoritative voice. "We are not prepared for you to-night. Leave us now." To my surprise, IMiss Frayling gave a gleeful laugh. "Why, she has gone," she exclaimed in a voice of relief. "She walked out of the door: I saw her go. I don't believe she will come back at present. How queer! Then you did see her, Dr. Bruce?" "No," I answered; "I saw nothing." "But she heard you; she nodded her head once, and then went. She will come back again, of course; but per harps not to-night. I don't feel fright ened any longer. I believe I shall sleep." She snuggled down under the bed clothes. "Have some of this beef tea, Liucy," said her mother, bringing a cup up to the bedside It was steaming hot; she had gone away to warm it. "Yes, I feel faint and hungry," re plied the girl; she raised her pretty head, and allowed her mother to feed and pet her. "I am much better," she said. "I know she won't come back again to night; you need not stay with me any longer, Dr. Blruce." "I will stay with her, doctor; you must 'lie down in another room," said the mother. I 'consented to go as far as the anrte room. There was a comfortable sofa there, and I had scarcely laid my head upon it before' I fell into a sound slumber. When I ,awakened it ras broad day light, and Mrs Frayling was standing?: over me. "Lucy is better, and is getting up." she said. "She looks almost herself. What an extraordinary effect your words had, Dr. Bruce." "They came as a sort of inspiration," I said; "I did not mean them to be anything special." "Then you do not believe that she " really saw the apparition?" "Certainly not; her brain is very much excited and overwrought. You ohght to take her away to-day." "That is the queer thing," said Mrs. Frayling. "I told you that' she would not consent to leave the house, believ ing, poor child, that her mission was to try and comfort this awful ghost, in case she could summon courage to speak to it. She told me this morn ing, however, that she was quite will ing to go, and suggested that we should sleep at the Metropole in town to night." "The best thing possible," I said. "Take her away immediately. Give her plenty of occupation and variety,.. and let her see heaps of cheerful people. She will doubtless soon get over her terrors." "It is very strange," repeated Mrs.: Frayling. "Her attitude of mind seems completely altered. 'She ,wishes to 'see you for a moment before you leave us. I will meet you in the breakfast--. room 'in a quarter of an hour, Dr. Brucce." I made ,a hasty toilet, and followed Mrs. Frayling downstairs. We ate breakfast almost in silence, and just before the meal 'was over JMiss Fray- ling made her appeat'ance. She was a very slightly-built girl, tall and grace- ful as a reed. She came straight up. to me. "I don't know how to thank you," she 'said, holding out her hand. "Why?" I asked in astonishment. "I' am glad I was able to relieve you, bu't I am rather puzzled to know what great thing I really did." "Why, don't you know?" she an swered. "Can't you guess? She will' come to you now. I don't believe she will trouble me any more." "Well, I am stronger to receive her than you are," I said, smiling, and trying to humour the girl's fancy. Soon afterwards :I took my leave, and returned to Dr. IMackenzie's house. I spent 'the day without anything special occurring, and in the evening, being.. dead tired, went to bed as usual. Dr. Mackenzie's house ,was an essentially modern one. Anything less ghostly than the squarely- built cheerful rooms could scarcely be imnagined. I was alone in the house, with the exception of the servants. I went 'to bed, and had scarcely laid my head upon the pillow before I went sound asleep. I was suddenly awakened out of my first slumbers by someone calling to me through the speaking tube. "Yes, I will come immediately," I answered. I sprang out of bed, and applied my, ear .to the tube. "You are wanted at Garth Hall," said the votoe. "But surely there is no one ill there to-night?" I said. "You are wanted immediately; come without delay," was 'the reply. "I will be with you in a minute," I answered. I felt almost ,annoyed, but there was no help for it. I hurried into my clothes, and went downstairs. "How very silly of Mrs. Frayling not to have taken her daughter away shall I have to go 'through a re petition of last night's scene over again?" I thought. (To be continued.) Overheard in a 'Bus.-"Sir, you are a clumsy fellow-you trod on my foot." "I am extremely sorry-I hope I did not hurt you very much." The soft answer turned away the other's wrath, and even produced an apology. "Oh, no, not very much-you must excuse me, I am a little irritable fact is, out of sorts, liver, biliousness, and that sort of thing, you know-thoroughly wretched." "My dear sir, of course I excuse you, but why don't you take some thing?" "Tried everything-no good." "Nonsense, you haven't tried Holloway's Pills, I know-they never fail in cases like yours." "Gad! I never thought of 'em. By Jove, I'll try 'em at once. Hi! conductor, stop the 'bus.* It is expected that shortly a machine will be placed before scientists by which air can be photographed. 