LOST FOR LOVE. CHAPTER XYI. — (Goutinncd). 1 Miss Jo sat agape at tlio tidings. ' It is very sudden,' said Val, getting into liis Sunday waistcoat. ' Miss Roso had notico of it day before yesterday it was that night, tho night of that terrible affair at Hodmon, you know, that it was proposed to Iter. She declined theD, although the terms -wero double what she gets now, and the ?work very much less; but yesterday after noon she accepted.' « ' She did ! What made hor change her mind ?' ' Well, Mrs. Marsh told her, I believe, that now Lady Levoy was gono, and Nathalie come into her fortune, thero would no longer ljo any need to keep tho school, and that, in point of fact, it would break up. Of course, Miss Rose at once accepted the other offer, and leaves in a very few days.' ' Direct for England ?' ' Yes, that is to say, by way of Quebec. Mrs. Major Wheatley is a very great lady, and must have a companion for herself, and a governess for her little girl, and Miss Rose suits to a T. It's a very good thing for the little school-mistress, but she will bo missed here.' The poor looked upon her as an angel sent direct from Heaven, to mako their clothes and buy their blankets, and look after them when sick, and teach their young ones for nothing.' ' Woll, I am suro ! I declare, Val, I'm sorry. She. was the nicest little thing !' ' So sho was,' said Yal, ' and now I'm off ! Don't you go howling about the town, Jo, and making a fuss about Marsh ; if he is innocent, ho will come out all square— don't you be afraid.' ' If !' screamed Miss Blake ; but her 'brother was clattering downstairs half a. dozen steps at a time, and already oat of hearing. .Droves of people wero still flocking out the Redmou road, raising blinding clouds of dust, and discussing tho only subject proper to be discussed then in Speckport. Val's long strides outstripped all competitors ; and arriviug at the red brick house, presently ran the blockado of a group of some two hundred idlers, and strode into tho house as one Laving authority. As Mr. Blako entered, Dr. Leach stepped forward and joined him, ?with a very grave face. 'How are they getting on ?' Yal asked. '' They are getting on fast enough,' the doctor answered, in a dissatisfied tone. ' They've been examining me. I had to de scribe that last interview with her,' jerking his thumb toward the ceiling, ' and-: prove to their satisfaction she came to her death by Btrangling, and in no other 'way. They had 'Natty up there, too.' ' Oh, she is better, then?' ' Not much ! but she had very little to tell, and Laura Blair has drivon her off again. They have detained Mrs. Marsli — she does not know for what, though — and will examine her presently. ' To find out the cause of Charley's absence from home that night ? Do you know, doctor, I begin to think thing look black for Charley.' A.n : you migm say so r saiu ur. xiauvu, with a significant nod, ' if you knew what I -do.' Val looked at him. ' What you do ! Do you mean or pretend to say ? ' ' There ! there ! there ! Don't speak so loud. I may tell you, Blake — you're a friend of his and would do nothing against him. Read that.' Ho handed him a note. Val read it with a blank face. It was the note sent by Cherrie to Charley, which Ann had told him of, and a verbatim copy of that given Cherrie by Cap taift. Cavendish. . ' How did you get this ?' Yal asked, with a still whiter faco. ' It was sent by that gadfly, Cherrie, to the shop, the evening of the murder. Her sister brought .it, and, Majjgh being out, gavo it to tlio boy. Now, Wat do you think the young rascal did ? Why, sir, broke it open the minute the girl's back was turned, and read it. As Luck would have it, I pounced in and caught him in the act. Tou ought to liavo seen his face, Blake ! I took the note from lnm and read it myself, not knowing it was for Marsh, and I have it ever since. I meant to give it to him next day, and tell him what. I have ' told you ; but next day came tho news of the murder, and underhand w'liispers of his guilt. NNow, Val, what do you think of it?' Isn't allusiorNto Lady Leroy's money plain omM' hit nf naner mifflit hansr him,' Val '-W said, handing it back. 'What „ 6 Ntn do with it?' \ conscie thing I can do with it, ovortothecorv n_aifd tLat ; hand it justice more, and X]iko h blxt I like ' khatCherriG W d -'1£ ^ on] hghton the business. -- hfcJ tllrow som£ ' What can sho mean by., stato-rooms ?' said Val. x 's. nlln ? ^ . meant to run off together in the' w ?was Green town only a ruse ? I knO-,„ an(j has been spooney about her this long^]e„ and would be capable of marrvinsr her s. moment's notice.' 'Blake, do you know I have been thinking sho is hiding somewhere not far off, and has the money. The police should bo set on her track at oneo.' ... - ' They will, when that note is produced. \- But, doctor, ^ou seem to tako it for granted that Cliarloy is guilty.' ' How can I liolp it ? Isn't tho ovidonco strong enough ?' vjiruunifluiuuui, doctor, circumstantial. It scorns hard to believe Charley Marsh a mur derer.' 00 it does, but bcriptui'o and history, over : since tho times of King David, are full of par \- allol cases. Think of tho proof— think of this noto, nnd tell 1x10 what you infer candidly yourself.'. 'Tho note is a staggerer, but still — Oh, hang it,' oricd Mr. Blake, impatiently, 'I ?won't believo him, guilty as long as I con liolp it. . Does lie say nothing in his own defonco ?' 'Not a syllable, and the coroner and jury are all in his. favour, too. Ho stands thero liko a suljcy liou, and says nothing. They'll bring him in guilty without a doubt.' ' Who havo been examined ?' ' All who saw Lady Leroy that day — Miss Marsh, Midgo, myself, Lawyer Darcy, and Tom Oalrs, who swore roundly when asked lliat Maish know of his paying the money that day, for ho lmd told him himsolf. Ho also swoio that I10 knew Cliarloy to bo over Jhead.aud oars in debt — debis of honour, lie ' iJallod them. Dobts of dishonour, I should ' jmy.' ' I think I'll go in ! Can wo speak to Charley, I wonder ?' ' Of course. Ho ia not held precisely as a prisoner, as yet. They havo Midgo up again. I never know her name was Priscilla Short, until to-day.' ' What do they want with her a second time ?' ' She was the first to discover the murder. Her evidence goes clear against, Marsh, though she gives it with tho greatest reluctance. Come, I'll go in with you.' The two gentlemen went in together, and found the assemblage smiling at some rebut of MidgG's. That witness, with a very red and dehant taco, was glaring at the coroner, who, in rather a subdued tone, told her that would do, and proceeded to call the noxt witness, Robert Nettleby. Robert Nettleby took his place, and was' sworn. In reply to the questions put to him, he informed his hearers that he had heard nothing until tho yells of Midgo aroused him from sleep, and, following her upstairs, he found her in Miss Marsh's room. ' Had Miss Marsh retired ?' the coroner wanted to know. Mr. Nettleby was not sure. If, by retiring, tho coroner meant going to bed, no ; but if he meant going asleep, yes. She was sitting by the window, dressed, but asleep, until Midge aroused her by her screams. Then sho started up, and followed them into the room of Mrs Leroy, whom they found dead, and black in the face, as if sho had been choked. Midgo had run downstairs, and he had run after,--her, and they saw some one running under the trees, when titty got out. Midge had flown out and collared him, and it proved to be Mr. Charley Marsh. Hero the coroner struck in. ' He was running, you say ; in what direction ?' Mr. Nettleby couldn't say positively — was inclined to think he was running toward, not from them. Couldn't swear either way, for it was a queer, shadowy kind of a night, half moonlight, half darkness. They had all three gone back to the house, Mr. Marsh appearing very much shocked at hearing of the murder ; and on returning to tho room of the deceased, had found Miss Marsh in a fainting-fit. They brought her to with water, and then her brother had taken her to her mother's house in Speckport, in a gig. He and' Midge had gone to his father's cottage, whero they remained all night. Further than that Mr. Nettleby knew nothing, except — and here he hesitated. ' Except what, sir?' the coroner Bharply inquired. ' Remember you are upon oath.' CHAPTER XXVH. FOUND GUILTY. 'Well, sir,' said Bob, ' it isn't much except that when we came' back to the room, I picked this up close to the bed. It looked as if it belonged to a man, and I put it in my pocket. Here it is.' He produced from his coat-pocket,- as he spoke, a glovo. A gentleman's kid glove, pale-brown in colour, and considerably soiled with wear. Yal started as he saw it, for those were the Kma or gloves unariey Marsh always wore. He had them made to order in one of tho stores of the town. .The coroner examined it with a very grave face — there /were two letters inside, ' C.M.' ' Do you know to whom this glove belongs ?' the coroner asked. ' I know I found it,' said Nettleby, not looking at it, and speaking sulkily, ' that's all I know about it.' : ' Does any one you know wear such gloves?' ' Plenty of gentlemen I've seen wear brown kid gloves ?' ' Have you seon the initials, ' C.M.,' inside this glove?' 'I have.' . ' And— on your oath, recollect — are you not morally certain you know its owner ?' Nettleby was silent. ' Speak, witness,' - the coroner cried ; ' answer the question put to you. Who do you suspect is the owner of this glove ?' ' Mr. Marsh ! Them letters stand for his name, and ho always -wears them kind of gloves.' ' Had Mr. Marsh been near the bed, after your return to the room together, before you found this glovo ?' ' No ; I found it lying close by the bedside, and he had never been nearer than the middle of tho room, where he was trying to fetch his sister to.' Robert Nettleby was told he might stand down, and Mr. Marsh was called upon to idontify his property. Charley, vcho had been standing at one of the windows listening, in gloomy silence, and closely watched by two policemen, stepped forward, took the glove, examined it, handed it back, and coldly owned . it was his. How was he going to account for its being found by the bedside of the murdered woman ? Mr. Marsh was not going to 'account for it at all— he knew nothing about it. He always had two or three such pairs of gloves at Once, and had never missed this. Amid an ominous silence, lie resumed his place at the window, aring out ai me uroau greeu uciua miu aving trees,''' bathed in the golden August Miine, and seeing them no more than if lie ?^on stone-blind, and caYrarsl! was the next witness called, black, a'nt,m au adjoining room, dressed in cynosuro ot -? Bering at finding herself the folded ono blaupany eyes. Mrs. Marsh other after being' -1 gloved hand over the aud prepared to answai, with a -mild sigh, to bo propounded. Tlio^o catechism about or tlio mark, and asked lmor began wide questions that scorned to liavbvgood many on tho matter in hand, ajl of wIAq bearing answered vory minutely, and afche lady Presently, in a somewhat roundabout fai^th. he inquired if her son had been at home'1.) tho night of tho murder. No ; he had not been at homo, at least not until ho had come driving home with Natty, both o.f them as pale as ghosts and no wonder, though they quito made her scream to look at them ; but whon sho had heard the news, sho had such a turn, it was a mercy sho lindn'f 1 ? IC ....J -.1.- _-/ 1 ^ uiiioujj, uuu buu uuun c nair got over it yet. Hero Mrs. Marsh took a sniff at a smelling bottlo sho carried, aud the ammonia being strong, brought a tear into each eyo, which she wiped away with a groat show of pocket-handkerchief. What timo had hor son left tho houso before returning with his sister? Aftor tea. Ilo had been homo to tea, which in itsdf was so unusual a circumstance, that sho, Mrs. Marsh, felt sure something ivas going to happen. Sho had had a fooling on her all day, and Charley's conduct had increased that feeling until she was perfectly convinced something dreadful was going to happen. In what manner had her son's conduct augmented ner presentiments r Well, she did not know exactly, but Charley had behaved odd. He had como over and talked to her before going out, telling her he . had been bad, but meant to be good, iand turn over a new leaf for - the future ; and, bidding her take his part if ever she heard him run down, which she meant to do, for Charley was as good boy as ever lived, in the main, only lie had been foolish lately ; but mothers, it is well known, can forgive anything, and she meant to do it ; and if he, the coroner, were a mother, she would do it herself. Was her son m tho habit or stopping out nights ? Not until lately ; that is, within the last two weeks, since whon he used to come home in a dreadful state of drink, worrying her nearly to death, and letting all her advico go in one ear and out of the other. ' Mrs. Marsh was shown the glove, and asked if she knew it. Yes, of course she did ; it was one of Charley's ; he always wore those kind, and his initials were inside. The coroner examined her further, but only got wordy repetitions of what she had already said. Everything was telling terribly against Charley, ? who stood, like a dark ghost, still moodily staring' out of the win dow. Val Blake crossed oyer and laid his hand heavily on his shoulder as Mrs. Marsh lext the room. ' Charley, old boy ! have you nothing at all to say for yourself ?' Charley lifted his gloomy eyes, but turned away again in sullen glances. ' You know they will charge you with this -crime, and you know you are not guilty. Can you not prove yourself innocent ?' ' How ? Will thoy take my word for it ?' 'Explain why you were found in the grounds at that hour of tho night.' ' They have already asked me to do so, and I have already declined.' ' But this is folly — this is' madness ! What motive could you possiby have for being there at such an hour ?' Charley was silent. — Yal laid his hand on his shoulder with a kindly look. ' Charley, will you not tell me ?' 'No.' _ - ' ' You know I am your friend.' 'You will not be so long. Those fellows over there will settle the matter shortly to their own satisfaction, and I am not going to spoil their-sport.' ' Charley,' said Val, looking, him steadily in the face, ' where is Cherrie ?' Charley Jslarsh s race, white and haggard an instant previously, -tui'ned scarlet, and from scarlet whiter than before. But he lifted his eyes fearlessly to Val's face, roused to eagerness atjast. ' Whero is she ?' lie repeated. ' Do you know ?' ' No ; but I think you do.' 'Why do you think so ?' ^ ' That's not the question Where -..is she? ' - ' I don't know.' vv lull- : ; , ' ' I don't know. I toll you I'don't ! She is a false-hearted, lying, treacherous— — ' His face was white with fury. His name, called by tho coroner, rostored him to himself, Turning round, ho saw that gentleman holding out to liim a letter. It was Charles's 1 fatal note, givon to him by Dr. Leaoh, while j Val and Charley had boen speaking.- | 'Do you know this, Mr. Marsh ?'; the j coroncr asked. 1 Charley glanced over tho noto, tho cox'oner still holding it. It was all. written on , the first page, in a pot hook-and-hanger fist ; and Charley turned crimson for the second time, as he finished it aud read the name at tlie bottom. _ , ? -. 'Do vou know anything of this, . Mr.' '\rsh?' tho coroner repeated. (No,' Charley coldly aud briefly said. namo ?\ 1,ec°gnizQ ^10 writing and the ' Yes-x ' nii.iriT!,1? W11V of this, Cherrie Nettlebyf ^ i f'l '10nC--vhich sho says will do yon r^rV ^ tlmn it ever did Lady nfnVln?^ iTVdoes she refer ?' Charley thought of v bank-note he had taken from her through sIk . necessity, and once moro the blood rushed X,n scarlet tide to Ins faco, ebbing again, and him wiiito as^ aslies, \ ® Coroner, jury, and spectators ~Ei.v his changing faco, and sot it down to consbVms guilt. \ 'To what monoy doos she rofor P' reiterated tho coroner. ' -SirP I decline answering that question.' ' Indeed ! Are you aware, Mr. Marsh, I Buch a refusal tells very much against you ?' I Charley smiled coldly, contemptuously. ' I am quito aware, sir, every circumstance tells very much against me. Nevertheless, I refuse to answer that and any other question I choose.' ' The 'boy is either mad,' thouglyb Val Blake, ' or else guilty. In either case, his doom is sealed.' The coroner now explained to his court how tho letter camo into the hands of Dr. Leach, and read it aloud, handing it over to tho jury tor their inspection when he had finished. The allusion to his taking state- rooms for them both puzzled all who knew of the girl's departure for Green town ; but was set down by them, as it had been by Val, as a blind to de ceive her friends. - Ann Nettleby was next, called and, in a state of great trepidation; related Charley's call at the cottage and inquiry for Chorrie. Informed the coroner, in reply to his question, that Mr. Marsh was ' after' Cherrie, a con stant visitor at their houso, and had asked Cherrie not long beforo to run away with him to the States. Had not heard from her sister since her departure, bnt supposed she was up in Greentown. uno or two otner witnesses were called, who had nothing to l'olate concerning the murder, but a good deal about Mr. Marsh's late dissi pated habits and gambling debts. When these witnesses were gone, Mr. Marsh was called upon, and requested, if he had anything to say inhis own behalf, to say it. Mr. Marsh had but little to say, and said that little with a recklessness that quite shocked the assemblage. The secret of his bittex tone and fiercely-scornful indifference they had no clue to, and they set it down to the desperation of -discovered guilt. He in formed them, in that reckless manner, flinging his words at them like a defiance, tbat Ann Nettleby's testimony was correct, that he had called at the cottage between eight and nine on the night of the murder, and on leaving her had gone straight to tho old heuse, and remained in the grounds until discovered by Midge and Rob Nettleby. What had taken him there, what his motive in lingering was, what Cherrie meant in her note, and all else concerning his motives and actions he refused to answer. He was a drunkard, he was a gambler, he was in debt — ' his friends' with sneering emphasis, had given his character with perfect correctness. But for all that, of.ranno no if. ;nn,.o/i;V.1a oa l,r, knew they would think it, he had neither robbed nor murdered his sister's benefactress. ! Farther than that he had nothing to say. He returned to the window again, flashing fierce defiance on every hand, and the coroner summed up tho evidence. He was an old man, and had known Charley Marsh since he was a pretty little fair-liaired, frolicsome boy, and he would have given a good round sum in hard cash to be able to find him innocent. But he could not, and justice must be done. He recapitulated his irregular conduct on the evening of the murder, as related by his own mother, his lingering in the grounds from dark until discovered by Priscilla Short and Robert Nettleby, confessed by himself ; his glove found at tho bedside, aa if dropped in his haste and alarm ; his knowledge of the large sum of money paid the deceased that' afternoon by Mr. Oaks ; his knowledge, also, of the house, as proved by his entering the back window, found often, and of its lonely and unprotected state ; and lastly, this note of Cherrie Nettleby's, with its distinct allusion to the money of Mrs. Leroy, to benefit him. It was a pity this girl was not here — but sho perfectly clear without her. It was evident robbery, not murder, had been the primary instigation ; . but the unfortunate woman awakening, probably, had frightened him, and in the impulse of the moment he had endeavoured to stifle her cries, and so — strangled her. Perhaps, too, his sister being her heiress and inheritrix of all she possessed, he had persuaded himself, with the sophistry of guilt, that he had some right to this money, and that he was only defrauding his own sister,' after all. His debts were heavy and pressing, no way of paying them open, and desperation had goaded him on. He (the coroner) trusted that the sad case of this young man, once so promising, until he had fallen into evil habits, would be a warning to others, and an induce ment not to stray away from tho path of rectitude into that .broad road whose end was disgrace and ruin. The money stolen had not been found, but there had been ample timo givon him to conceal it. Ho . begged the jury to reflect on the evidence they had heard, consult together, and return a verdict according to their conscience. Tho jury retired rrom the room, ana in tho awful silenco which followed, you might-have heard a pin drop. Charles Marsh, in this .supreme crisis of his life, still stood looking' out of tho window. He neither nioved nor spoke, nor looked at any one, nor betrayed tho- slightest sign of agitation; but his teeth were rigidly looked, and the palm of his strong right hand was bleeding where he had clinched it, in that silent .agony, until tho nails had sunk deep into tho flesh. He had been reckless aud defiant, aud braved it out with a high hand ; but Charley Marsh had had the misfortune to bo born with a keenly sensitive heart, and a pride that had lain, latent under all his careless life ; and what lie felt in that hour of disgrace and degradation, branded as a thief - and a murderer before the friends -vho knew him all his lifo, was known only to Heaven and himsolf.: ; - The jury wero not long away. Evidently his case had been--settled in their minds before they had left their scats.^And in that dread silenco tho foreman, Mr. Blair, with a grave, sad face, stood up to aniiOunco their verdict. It was only ono 'word— tho terrible word, ' Guilty.' There was u sw;aying souna among iuu crowd, as if they had drawn breath for tho first time. That dismal word fled from lip to lip like wildfire, until it- passed from tho room to the crowd in tlie hall, and from them to- the swaying mob without. It was quite a lively scene, in fact, out there, where that big crowd of men stood broiling under tho meridian sun, when tho verdict was announ ced, and tho inquiries as to how ' young Hiarsn Denaveci ana jooiteu wuiu jnuny uuu eager. .Tho question was not very easily answered. Young Marsh, standing by that sunny window, was so screened by tho towering figure of Mr; Valentino Blako, that tho gaping and exasperated throng craned thoir throats and stood ou tiptoo for nothing. They would seo him, however, when he camo out to enter tho cab, already in waiting, that was to convey him in tho custody of tho | constables into town, ana 11 was worm winiu : waiting even for. that fleeting glimpso. Five, ten, fifteen, twenty minutes passed away. Tho expectant crowd wore getting angry and impatient; it was shameful, this dallying. But two or three policemen aro out now with their red batons and brass , buttons of authority, clearing a w.ay for tho gentlemen who are coming out, and for tho cab which is to draw up close to tho front door. Still, the mob press forward, tlio coroner and jury are departing ; and now the prisoner's coming. But a new disappoint ment is in store for them ; for when he comes, ho has his hat pulled so far over his eyes, and IU BU LlltlU biiuy UUil t UVUU I get that fleeting glimpse of him they aro crushing each other to death t.o obtain. The constables follow ; it is pleasant even to see tliom ; tho blinds aro pulled down ; the cab drives off rapidly, and the crowd go home, ravenous for their dinner. And Charles Marsli is on his way to Speckport jail, to await his trial for 'the wilful murder of Jane Leroy ! (To he continued.') 