The Early Sixties. By Mrs. G. T. Weals. I have been asked to write a few more reminiscences of the Downs in the early sixties, and am pleased to com- <*> ply with the request; but, as I kept no diary, they arc written. from memory, and are therefore open/to, cor rection as to dates. Toowoointoa in the early days was a^ busy little place and the rendezvous/ for all the Downs squatters. We had ' races and balls and riding parties. ; Nearly every Saturday there were kan garoo hunts ; a " battue" Qf ten came off in the hollows near Gabbinbar; jthere was one very deep chasm, called . Hell Hole, where very few riders ven-. tured. : ~ -v There wa«- much rivalry between Drayton and Toowoomba; the real "" dents in the latter township were called " swamp-dwellers" aud " red bog-trot tera," and retaliated by calling the Draytonltes " bullockies" and " Drayto.u drunks." Drayton was then a clean, smart little township, with a court house, several good stores, and quite a swell hotel called " The Bull';* Head." From the hilHipon which it stood could be seen the undulating ami thickly grassed plains of the Yt'estbroek and Eton Vale runs. The bullock-drivel's were an impor tant element In the democratic strata of society*; so were tho shearers; the navvies also, wnen the construction'of the railway line began. Hotels flour ished every where. 1 have seen Rnth ven-street, Toowoomba, lined with* bul lock teams from **ud to end, taking down the wbol after the shearing sea son, to return with loadings of mer chandise, flour, furniture—in fact, every thing in the way of supplieu for the town. From twelve to sixteen bullocks were yoked to each dray. Every bul lock had a name ; the surname must, have beeu '• a swear," for they wouldn't move Unless they were sworn at, with au accompanying crack of the whip. The thickly wooded Kauge attracted the clouds, for it seemed to be always raining, and tjie tenacious red mud adhered to everything; the road was like ploughed-up red cloy, with ftlts hatfra-f opt" deep* ' But-there was iri<friey in the plnee.'am! if went aliead wonderfully. There was much kind feeling and unanimity among all classes; Tbere were several handsome married la'tfles, and, as to gentlemen, there were about six to every lady, perhaps more. They came in from the surrounding sta tions and townships whenever there were festivities, and they did not come empty-handed, but with turkeys, ducks, wougas, and quail dangling from their •addles. A flue lot of men they wero, With their bronzed faces shaded by the big cabbage-tree hats and streaming ivhlte silk puggarees ; a sensible head gear adopted by most men in those days. The races were grand affairs ; squat ters rode their own horses in the Corin thian Stakes, and paid their glove-<lebts by the dozens to the ladles. At the subsequent ball everyone was good friends with everyone. I remember at one I opened the ball with the Qover nor, and danced the next dance with the tinsmith, and a very good dancer he was. The ladles' costumes came from London and Paris, and the squat ters were lavish with their mouey. Not all of tbem viewed the expenditure witli good grace. I said to one : " How nice your wife looks to-night." "And so she ought," he replied, "with the-price of twenty bullocks on her back." The other day I was reading, " In the Early Days," a charming little history making volume. In it Air. Knight makes mention of the Kangaroo Point niurder, and the conviction of a man upon cir cumstantial evidence. This reminded me of the mysterious Ruthvenwstreet murder in Toowoomba, which has never been cleared up to this day. I give the narrative from my point of view and as It'affected onr small section of. the com munity. As regards dates, lam open to conectlon, and there are the police records which will fix those; besides, there are many people residing now in Toowoomba who remember the -whole affair : Among the many hospitable, enter tainera in those days were Dr. and Mrs. Stacy. They lived in a long verau dahed house in the middle of Itutuven street. One evening, about the year 1806, a merry party was assembled at an 'evening dance.. About 8.30 the doctor was called to attend a woman ,who had fallen down in a fit on the road close by. He returned in about half-an hour, merely telling us that the poor i,woman was dead. She was a respect able woman, well known, and this was the first evening she had ventured from borne since her confinement, which had taken place a fortnight previous. What was onr horror the next morning to hear tbat a foul murder had been committed wjthbi a few hundred yards of the place iWhere we bad been dancing—a woman cfttelly strangled to death ! Three or four women gave evidence* at the Police Court that they had been assaulted by a man that evening In the same locality, but had managed to evade him. It Itfuffather a dark night, Trot their de- ecriptions of the man tallied—a thlek «et man with a black beard, and dressed 'in a black ooah ; There was not much police protection in those days, but many of the townspeople volunteered ; the country wad scoured for miles round, but no trace-of the murderer was found. I do not remember whether black truckers were employed. After a time the-search was given up, but the murder was talked of. for years afterwards. About two .months after' the -murder my husband had to take up a survey at Warni-warra ; it wag almost " Never never" country then. The whole camp i went with him. I remained at home in 1 the house on the Gowrie-road, with two good women; servants. ■ About a week after, the cook said a man wanted to see me about digging a well, i .went out to speak to him. Directly I looked at him a queer cold feeling went to my heart. 'He'was a short, thick-«ct man, with a stubbly black beard, aud shifting gray- green eyes. " When will the master be homd, 'Misses V" he saJd. ( " Xot for six weeks," I answered (like a little fool). "Did he leave any message with the men about digging a well ?" " Xo," I saKl ; " all the men have gone out to camp, and I never heard any men tion of well-digging." " Well, misses, ■ I'll call again when the master comes back." I had a presnge of evil ; the enala like gray eyes and cruel look of the mail haunted me, but I said nothing to the girls. The nurse slept iv au outside room ; the cook, a big, strappiug Irish girl; equal in point of strength to any man,' slept ujwtalrs. Like Macbeth'*} witches, I fejt. "By.the twitching of my thumbs some evil this way comes." 11l the uilddfe of the nfght, about 1 o'clock, the veranda- .boards 'creikked, and a stealthy step of stockinged feet came near. Some one lifted my bed room window. It was one that stuck when it was raised four inches, and' refused to be further lifted by any up ward pressure. When I could Ret my voice, I faltered, "It you don't move away, I will shoot you through the body with my revolver" (manufactured for the occasion). The man moved away. I heard his retiring creaking footsteps. Using all my shaking energy, I man aged to push down the window, and wedged it all round with scissors, hajc-, pins, tweezers, and button-hooks. AAr joining was a storeroom, with a email window that no one could open. I heard a grating noise like a wedge being inserted, the window was lifted, and some one jumped in. Then with joy I remembered the storeroom door was locked. We had a splendid kan garoo dog ; she wns given to us by Dr. Nelson (father of Sir Hugh), and was nearly thoroughbred; a faithful companion and a good house-dog. Where was Dido ? It came suddenly to my mind that we had not seen or heard* her that night. I made a great noise at the dividing boards, and called to Anne, the cook, to come down, for, said I, "there must be a cat in the store room." I took a black's waddy in my hand, and Anne unlocked the door. " There's nothing here," she said, " only the window is wide open." So we wedged it down with nails, and Anne retired in happy Ignorance of the in truder. I sat up, half-dead with fright. I could hear my heart beating against the arm of the chair. Not half-an-hour after a piercing shriek came from the outside bedroom ; I ran to, the back door, and let poor Katherine in. "Oh !" «he cried, " a man was In my room. He stood by my bed, and had his hands near my throat." There was a door on' the op posite side of the bed, with only an inside latch. She sprang out, and, running round the kitchen, evaded the man. By the small night-light that was burning she dimly saw the man. Her description to the magistrate was : A thick-set man in a black coat, with a Short black beard. At daybreak we had the constable up, and the police magistrate took Katherine'g evidence. Upon examining the premises they found the storeroom window had been raked with a spade and Dido "poisoned (but not fatally) under the house. Dido recovered and lived for thirteen years, to be crushed to death in the fatal embrace of an old man kangaroo on Felton Run. Hearing of our fright, and thinking that we were eomewhat unprotected, the Hon. John .'■■' ■».: «■: ■ ■' i. Watte drove into town and took us out to Eton \a\e. I diduofr write any particulars to my husband at Warra-warra. At the end of five weekA'lie returned, and his first q\ie«tton wims : " Did anything happen, on this night ?" Opening his diary he showed me a written statement—" At 1 o'clock I awoke suddenly, a man was kneeling on my chest, he had his hand* to my throat; I saw that he had a black bewd and gray eyes. I threw him off and saw him raise the flap of the tent and run out. I roused the men, but we could find no one ; but I am positive it was not a drenni." The date and the time tallied, also the description of the man. lam not superstitious ; anyone who asked me to believe a ghost story I should laugh to scorn ; but I do admit that there are-psychological phenomena, a communion of spirit, an animal magni tlsm between kith and kin, beyond the fathom of the finite human mind. Mtot of us, at some time in our lives, have experienced this electric affinity, we have t>een impressed with the nearness of danger, we have felt the spirit pi» sence when the material body has been thousands of.miles away. But there is a sequel to the But liven street murder.' About fifteen years after mention was made in the papers of a man having died hv the Dalby Hospital, dud having confessed before hie death to the perpetration of the Toowoomba murder. T*he face of the man who gpoke to me about the well haunted me, and I continually dreamt that he was looking iv at the window. Just before the Dalby episode I saw it no more, and, indeed, now I fcould not recall it if I would. are lugubrious reminiscences, but qf tlu> aciual murder and of the SHIRRED BLOOfiA?. means taken to trace the murderer there are many people who can give much fuller and more satisfactory details than myself. lam afraid my testimony is what a Judge would call vitiated evi dence—that is to cay, testimony made subservient to the emotional bias. 