District Synods. Sydney District. Ministerial Business. This was opened on Tuesday. Nov. 22nd. the President of the Conference, l?ev. E. J. Rock], being in the chair. The Rev. W. Halse Rogers was elected secretary and Rev. W. F. Oalces assistant secretary. The following ministers, in addition to those already named were in attendance : — Revs. S. Wilkinson, W. G. Taylor, , Dr. Brown, J. Woolnough, G. Lane, A. Holliday, B.A., P. Clipsham, W. Clarke, P. J. Stephen, R. Allen, H. Jones, E. Fox. J. W. Dowson, J. G. Middleton, 'F. W Hyues, W. Hill, J. H. Lewiu, R. East, W. Wocills Rutledge, W. J. Davis, F. Firth. A. 1'arsoiis,' H. Wiles, »v.xl. *v imams, ?). w oounouse, u. i. caKer, B. J. Meek, F. Duesburv, R. Bavin, J. Somer ville, J. A. Waddell, G. Martin, J. Phillips, S. H. Macdade, Dr. Sellors. and C. J. Prescott, „ M.A. '*'? Dispensations of absence were granted to Revs. J. E. Moulton, J. Monahan, W. Henry, T. B. Holmes, B. Danlcs, H. Worrail. It was reported that the Rev. Joseph Oram had died since the last Conference and the Rev. J. W. Dowson was appointed to prepare his obituary. On the motion of Dr. Sellors it was resolved to send a letter expressive of the sympathy of the Synod to the bereaved family. The inquiry into the character and qualifications of the ministers resulted satis factorilv. It was resolved to recommend that the Rev. Dr. Sellors be made a supernumerary for one year, and the Rev. S. H. Macdade for another year. Also that the Rev. W. Henry be placed on the list of supernumeraries. Attention was drawn to the desirability of giving opportunity to the Rev. G. Lane to obtain a much-needed holiday, and in accordance with the strong and unanimous wish of the Synod, the President was authorized to arrange for Mr. Lane to to take a holiday as early as possible. The following circuits had sent invitations .as under : From Stanmore, to Rev. E. J. Rodd ; from Burwood to Rev. A. J. Webb : from Newtown to Rev. A. Holliday, B.A., as second minister ; from Ashlield to Rev. G. Thompson. The following will have completed their three years term in their present circuits : Revs. E. J. Rodd, R. Allen. H. Jones, E. Fox, A. Holliday, B.A., W. H. Williams, J. Woodhouse, G. T. Baker, W. Clarke, W. H. Rogers, R. Sellors, D.D., R. l?avin. The Rev. W. F. Hynes, who is completing his fourth year of probation, was examined by the President and unanimously recommended to the Conference to be received into full con nexion. Mr. Walter E. Crawford, a candidate for the ministry from the Ashlield Circuit, was exam ined and recommended to the Conference to be received. The Twelve Rules of a Helper and the amended Liverpool minutes were read and a conversation regarding pastoral efficiency ensued. Rev. George Lane announced that he had a pamphlet in preparation, re Trust matters. A further conversation ensued regarding pas toral efficiency. On the motion of Rev. C. J. Prescott, M.A., it was resolved that the Synod recommends the Conference to take steps to impress upon our people the value of the privilege of publicly dedicating their children by baptism to. God as members of the congre- : gation of Christ's flock. , The Financial District Synod opened on' Wednesday, November 23rd. The following stewards or substitute repre sentatives were reported as in attendance during the Synod : York-street— Messrs. T. P. . Reeve, P. N. Slade ; Hay-street — D. W. McCoy: Wesley : J. W. Ball, J. R. Dias ; Bourke-street— W. F. Hutchinson, ?R. D. Sippe ; William street - J. Parker, S. E Lees, M.L.A. ; Cleve land-street — W. Hawkes Darling-street (Bal main) — W. J. Lawes : Montague-street — C. A. Taylor,' W. Druce West End — F. Cleveland. W.M.Moore ; St. Leonards— F. Over, T. W. M. Richards ; Willoughby and Gordon- — H. Flem ing, R. S. Callaghan ; Manly — E. Baylis, J. C. Warner ; Randwick — A. H. Everingham : Waverley — J. Terry, P. Miller : Paddington G. Smith; Mt. Lachlan — J. Metcalfe: Glebe - G. J. Wells, J. C. W. Jones ; Newtown— J. Peake ; Stanmore— A. Smith, T. H; England, B.A. ; Lewisham— W. E. V. Robson. B.A. : Ashlield— J. Wade, P.Heard: Burwood— J. Hardy, R; J. Luke}' ; Kogarah— R. Finlayson ; Supernumerary Fund — W. Robson ; Sustentation and Extension Society — R. H. Ducker ; Removal Expenses Fund— J. Vickery. On the motion of the Rev. W. G. Taylor, seconded by Mr. W. Robson, it was unamiously resolved that the thanks of this Synod be presented to the President of the Conference for the timely, thoughtful and able sermon preached by him before the Synod the previous evening, and that he be requested to publish it. Rev. R. East, presented a petition from Randwick Circuit for relief being given by a modification of present boundaries or some otLer means. After some discussion the matter was referred to a committee to confer with the Randwick and Waverley Quarterly Meetings, and report to Conference. Rev. Dr. Sellors moved that it is desirable to divide the Stanmore Circuit by the separation of Leichhardt, the Stanmore Circuit allowing Leichhardt a subsidy of £80 per year for three years. ' A committee was appointed to receive the balance sheets from dependent circuits and report. The Rev. A. Holliday read the report of the tounciay-senooi union uouncu re setting apart a minister for work among the young people, and moved that the Synod recommend the Confer ence to set such a minister apart. After some discussion Rev. W. Clarke moved as an amendment, ' That in the opinion of this Synod the time is not ripe for the setting apart of a minister to take the oversight of our work among the young people.' The amendment was carried. 'Century Commemoration Fund. Rev. J. Hulme submitted the report of the committee appointed to draw up a scheme for raising a century commemoration fund of 5U.00U guineas. On the proposals of that scheme already circulated, the following amendments were recommended to the Con ference : — The elimination of Parramatta Church from the objects of the fund ; that the better maintenance and extension of Church work in New South Wales, and Foreign Missions, be additional objects ; and that the initiation of the fund be preceded by a week of special prayer. Petitions were received asking that the pre sent boundaries of the Balmain circuits be continued, but that the married ministers from the Darling-street and West End circuits be removed, and single ministers be appointed. The first of these requests was recommended, but the latter (referring to removal of married ministers) was declined. The request of the Glebe Circuit that a single minister, instead of a second married minister, be appointed was sustained. At a later stage of the Synod these cases were re-opened, and it was resolved to send on the Balmain Circuit petitions with the same favourable recommendation granted to the Glebe. Methodist Aggression. The Rev. W. G, Taylor submitted the report of the committee on the above, and the follow iug resolutions were sent on to Conference. 1 . Conventions. — That in view of the general desire for improved spiritual conditions, we recommend that arrangements be made for bringing our churches together for united and earnest supplication, such seasons of prayer to be followed by general missions within the metropolitan area. 2\. Metropolitan Mission. — That for the purpose of promoting Methodist aggression, it is desirable, that the city circuits viz., York street, Hay-street, and Pyrmont,. Wesley, Bourke-street, Cleveland-street, and William street. federate for the purpose of establishing a metropolitan mission. 3\. That the following be the constitution of such Mission : (c/) Each circuit shall retain its Quarterly Meeting, with the usual circuit functions and responsibility as at present. (V) A General Council shall be formed con sisting of the ministers of the several circuits embraced in the Mission and four representatives elected by each December Quarterly Meeting, together with twelve other members of our Church appointed by the Conference. (/,') The committee of the Central Methodist Mission shall be regarded, for the pur poses of this arrangement, as the Quarterly Meeting of the York-street Circuit. (7/) The President of the Conference for the time being shall be ex officio President of the General Council. : 4. That the local finances of the several cir cuits embraced in the Metropolitan Mission shall be administered by their respective Quarterly Meetings as at present, but that the evangelistic and philanthropic agencies such as the Evangelists' Training Home, Sisters' Home; Seamen's Mission. Relief of the Poor, Children's Home, Medical Institute, and such other agencies as may be organised in connec tion with the Mission shall be transferred to the control of the General Council. 5\. That the operations of the above agencies shall be extended over the whole area covered by the Metropolitan Mission, and shall be supported by local and general efforts. 0\. That in the administration of the affairs of the Metropolitan Mission, one of the minis ters shall be elected by the Council to the position of Chairman. 7\. That between the circuits embraced in the Metropolitan Mission there shall be fre quent interchange of pulpits on Sunday morn ings. S. That the duties' of the Chairman be defined by the General Council. : !). That the Aggression Committee be in structed to consider the relations of dependent circuits in the Metropolitan Mission to the C.S. and E. Society, and report to the Confer ence. 10\. That the Aggression Committee call to gether the members of the Quarterly Meetings of the circuits to be included in the Metropoli tan Mission in order to lay the scheme before them, and that the scheme be sent down to the December Quarterly Meetings for report. Rev. W. G. Taylor reported that a sub committee had been formed to report on the allocation of the Central Mission debt, but had not yet been able to meet. Resolved, on the motion of Rev. W. W. Rutledge, that we recommend the Conference to set apart a whole session (afternorn or evening) in earnest supplication for an out pouring of the Holy Spirit upon all our people and 'offlcerbaarers : this session to be fixed early in the Conference and just prior to the consideration of the Methodist Aggression Committee's Report and the state of the work of God generally. A committee was appointed to define the boundary between the Willoughby and Gordon and St. Leonards Circuits. The Rev. Geo. Lane was elected representa tive to the Stationing Committee. The Rev. Dr. Sellors and Messrs. W. Robson and R. S. Callaghan were appointed represen tatives to the Distribution Committee. The following circuits were recommended for grants towards circuit deficiencies : William street, Cleveland-street, Darling-street, West End (Balmain), Manly, Randwick, Mt. Lachlan .and Glebe. West. End Circuit was recommended to receive a further grant for parsonage furniture. Rev. J. Iv. Turner presented the property returns from 24 circuits, two colleges, and the Book Depot. Total cost of property, £26 -.420. value of erections and improvement during the year; £2,651. New erections : School in Wesley Church Circuit, cost £920 ; School at Toxteth, cost £900 ; Church at Helsarmel (Stanmore Circuit), £156: Church at Five Dock (Ashlield Circuit), £220 ; Chuich at Greendale (Manly), cost £7(3. Resolved that Superintendents be urged to induce the Quarterly Meetings to insure the furniture in all our parsonages. The General Returns were presented by Rev. W. F. Oakes shewing hwrvtisa v of 3 churches, 2 school halls (representing 320 sittings), 10 members on trial, 27 communicants, 1 C.E. society, 44 C.E. members, 3 other young people's societies, 446 adherents. Decreti. sen : t minis ters, 3 local preachers, 4 class leaders, 11 mem bers. 83 junior members. The Sunday School returns were read by Rev. J. Hulme, shewing increases of 4 schools, 2i teachers, and decreases of 78 scholars and 460 in average afternoon attendance. It was resolved to recommend the inclusion of a column in Sunday-school returns for the purpose of shewing the cost of Sunday-school picnics. The conversation on the Work of God was closed by the passing of a resolution moved by Rev. W. W. Rutledge, as follows: — 'This Synod records its gratitude to God for the measure of success vouchsafed during the past year. Although reporting a decreasj of eleven in the Church membership, we are glad to learn that the various ordinances of the Church have been sustained with unimpaired efficiency. We are deeply sensible, however, of the impera tive need for a richer baptism of power and we agree to plead, both in public and private worship, for the outpouring of the Holy Ghost on our agents and operations.' The amount raised in the district for Foreign Missions was reported, and it was resolved on the motion of Mr. W. Robson, — (1) That the Synod rejoioes in the spiritual prosperity of the Foreign .Missions of the Church, but regrets that there is so large a deficiency in the funds of the Society. (2) That the Synod earnestly recommends the Conference to take into con sideration the best means of liquidating the deficiency in the funds of the Foreign Mission ary Society, and to equalise the income and expenditure. The amounts raised for the Church Susten tation and Extension Society were reported, and the Rev. J. Woolnough expressed the desire that steps should be taken to assist the projected Metropolitan Mission work in Sydney, and also to establish a Gospel Car Mission in the thinly-peopled parts of the colony, where no Home Missionary or other agent can at present be sustained. The Synod expressed its sym pathy with the projects, and pledged its co-operation in carrying them into effect. The list of loans current in the district for warded by Mr. R. H. Ducker, treasurer of the Church Loan Funds, was read, and investiga tion made in the cases of the trusts in arrears. On the motion of Rev. B. J. Meek, the Synod commended the Methodist to our people, and urged them to become subscribers. Gambling. On the motion of the Rev. R. Bavin it was resolved — 'That this Synod hereby records its protest against gambling in every form, and resolves through its President to petition Parliament to pass an Act to eliminate the exemptions in the present Gaming and Lotteries Act in favour of religious and charitable in stitutions.' Totalisator Bill. On the motion of Rev. W. G. Taylor it was resolved — ' That this Synod views with alarm the proposal now before the Legislative Council to legalise gambling by means of the totalisator. believing, as it does, that gambling is immoral, and that the introduction of the totalisator in this colony would result in the increase of betting, the multiplication of race meetings, be demoralising to youth, and damaging to the good order of society. That this resolution be embodied in the form of a petition, to be signed by the President and sent to the Legislative Council.' Sunday Trading. On the motion of Rev. W. G. Taylor it was resolved, — ' That this Synod strongly dis approves of Mr. Copeland's proposal to introduce a Sunday Trading Bill including provision for the opening of public houses on a portion of Sunday, believing that such legisla tion would tend largely to increase drunken ness and multiply disorders and offences, as well as seriously interfere with the quiet of the Sabbath. This District Synod also recognises the urgent need of such amendments in the Licensing Law as will secure the entire closing of public houses on Sunday. This resolution to be embodied in the form of a petition to be signed by the President and sent to the Legislative Assembly. Municipal License. On the motion of Rev. W. W. Rutledge it was resolved, — 'That this District Synod enters its emphatic protest against the granting of a liquor license to a tenant of the Queen Victoria Markets, and earnestly hopes that that the application will be refused. Christian Endeavour. On the motion of Rev. J. Woodhouse, the Synod adopted the recommendations of the Christian Endeavour committee as follows : — 1\. That a General Council of Christian En deavour Societies be formed consisting of (a) The connnitee on Y.P.S.C.E. annually elected by Conference. ( b ) One delegate elected from each society, the president of each society being a member of the Council e.r officio. («) In the event of the unavoidable absence of any delegate (elected or ex officio') to the General Council, the society may appoint a proxy who must be an active Endeavourer. 2\. The object of such Council shall be (a) The cultivation of the Connexional spirit among Endeavourers and the suggestion of improved methods to promote the greater efficiency of the work of the societies. (A) The formation of Christian Endeavour District Committees, where practicable — such com mittees to report to the District Synods and to the General Council. (-») The appointment of district visitors for the metropolitan and country areas, to whom certain localities shall be allotted for such visitation of the societies as will tend to promote greater efficiency in work ing and increased help to the Church. 3\. The Conference Committee to be the executive of the General Council and to meet as required during the year : ? and the General Council and the General Council to meet quarterly. That Conference be asked to include on the agenda paper of the Synods the question : What is the state of the C.E. Societies in this district ? ' Very hearty thanks were passed to the Presi dent, the secretary, the assistant secretary, and the reporters. The Synod closed with prayer by the Rev.. George Lane. 