ABORIGINAL SUPERSTITIONS. The Science club of the Melbourne University gave its annual conver- sezione on Friday night, providing a varied entertainment for the enjoyment of which the time available proved, as usual, all too short. One of the best features of the programme was a lecturette delivered by Professor Spencer on the various forms of magic practised by the Australian aboriginals, particularly those of the Northern Territory. Let nobody hereafter accuse the blacks of lacking imagination, or that form of imagination which implies a capacity for self deception, and for being humbugged by others. Professor Spencer, who spoke from the personally acquired experience of an expert, explained that deaths among the natives from the supposed influence exercised through evil charms were reasonably common. Men who could survive from injuries or wounds that would certainly be fatal to any white person gave up the ghost by sheer force of conviction that they must do so \- that there was no escape for them. "When under such delusions," said the lecturer, "they have the power of simply lying down and dying." They recovered readily enough, however, if persuaded that the evil influence which had entered their bodies was either counteracted or withdrawn. Amongst so much super- stition it is obvious that the "medicine man'" can make easy conquests, and this was testified to by the professor with many curious and amusing details. It seemed clear that the fully qualified native doctor is much more of a humbug than a victim of superstition himself. Jugglery with pebbles and ludicrous mesmeric gyration's are the regular means used to impress his gullible patients. The discipline which he has to undergo successfully in order to get his diploma is quite terrible in its severity including numerous lacerations of tender parts of the anatomy, and these no doubt help to make a "hard case" of him. Various other illustrations of good and bad magic were shown. There are charms to cure as well as to kill, and others with special virtues, such as to make the whiskers grow and to assert the con- jugal authority of the male. A native husband need never be henpecked, it seems. A charm is available for securing practically "instant obedience" on the part of the wife. 