THE DOCTOR'S INSPIRATION. A Story of Double Event. By 'f,'liVLL." in "Spoi'Dus SUcu-iius." Every Detail ia tin >iory I :iin ulioui to iWmV 1 :)in pjviuinuf in vnii'-fl tin till the word of thr riin-tnr'? wife. ;in«! on Tfcit of rite tlwtoi biliielf. Tim tloi-ior's wife N :i iliomngli sjinrKWOliiiiU. :lfi«I ufloll sin- b;i pifl Tlie whn1;» of Ibv week's iH:ii?okeo>iiig mnmw on Do >nin or' ' Aiiauisis' ir, 'hie," she >-|>ent Uc-r ati.'i-iiunns :v tit<' railway siaibat wait- . in-- tin.' aiTi\\!ll Of Diu special eiliiioits. . The Jiiiiir .'.Ireorir lo-r a o-oitio-J- ; utile <-.iinpi'ioiii y. ami if stu- live iniig 1 ettailgit !'> :i 'ea>nnahle itarfbnj uf it haefc. she \< going tn leave on' gamb ling. anri eonflnr b»-r oj;i'r;nb»ns <o ; llnmhuvg ioiurb-<. M«-:titiime h-. r in- 1 vr>imi'i)iN ranging from a "James" j i<> "Haifa Bunrile." 1 itu ti Dm i jiaiure ami tin tintiea " ;' tii»- vailing <lieas<» in the v : i I ige. :iv» ilttly ill lie. li.v telegraph, ami tin' viJ- : lagers, being kej.T inJV.viiio.1 a iii rise | .-.jjiiems by Die operating i-Jerk. know j exa- Tly on wliidi Momlay in all at | Die ri.ioior's to etfljerl 1 fji-ir Lille eounis. Tilth slj.-es of it»'Iir;il-iy.!:m>jvil j Kiel; iv..-asini;ally auend Iter well- i meant elVoris at " liinlihg "em." ajnl 1 >lje -peuils «llti.lious I'eiir villi " I'm- \ riny's programme" nuri a simup of j leari pelieil. Six riiseourses like an j atuo-liarj) on weights ami riistanees. i silliug oil Die skb- of ilie sli.U in the dispensing tb-jou'trueni while \\\u> »lue- tor Sriek? labels (.it !.-i5«-i-ol«»;v<l luu lies, ami a-k her wlun "Morn.v Loales" is riding, or what weight the hamfieapper ha? given Isiuglass iu ihe «5.,ks. She pretnist-s the doeior a pAniiersl.qi lu llavley-streei wlu-u she lin? broken the Diutr. ami peuding timt eveuiuality she pinches all his stamp? iu order lo Uoep old Joe Temlhtsou and oilier iudustriOiis tipsters in luxury. ANo. she dreams dveanis, ami when ihe doctor's wife drc.iin a winner the Spanish fleet couldn't prevem her from Uackiug it. The hoist s she thus honor? usually finish down Die course, or are in physic a week before the race : aud then the doctor grumble? at hi dinner, ldais about applying for a berth-as ship's surgeon on an ADautie r-aitle boat, and s.ir- astically inquires if hfs hotter half could »nt arrange Iu the fill tire in do without sleep for a preceding a tilg race. Bui the doctor'? wife is not easily discouraged. Site lias frequently divatru the results of ra»v? after tJtcy have taken place— she ha? distinctly seeu Die winucr pass the post, pulling ujt five lengtiis itiieari of vhe second horse— and she argues logically enough that, if she can dream a winner cor rectly after the event, there is nothing in prevem her dreaming about one bofurelKiml. The morning nf the last Cosnrowitoh Die doctor nud she. who were iu lou- dnn. had been to a pariy, and Diey did not retire to hod till nearly live o'clock. Tlie doctor left her sleeping peacefully witen ue got tip. nun. she dreaiut that she was engaged a? upper parlor maid lu Mrs. Inugiry's house, aud Dial Mrs, Laugfry had taken her to 'Newmarket, ami had iuvestod two millions .sterling for hor on Merman with Die Duke of Cambridge behind the members stand, and hi1 had handed Iter a sill; pocket-handkerchief with Die lx?t printed on it in diamond?, and that, the horse won easily with her husliand up. and that the.v were all oxhibfred afterwards iu the Bird- rage, hung from ihe flagstaff of the Grand Hotel. The dreaui was so real Dial she dressed Jn haste and rushed downstair? to find her husband, who told lier thai it was a quarter to seven, and she had hotter dress for dinner. When she ascertained ihat her dream had couie true, she rated the doctor for not waking bet up. as any other reasonable man wdidd have done, and only abandoned a plan she was' form ing for going to. sleejMifitil the .Cam bridgeshire because' she; felt that for husband could not be trusted t<r dls- !turb her slumber until It was rim£|£or the numbers to co up for-ttw tcr November Haoditap. 1 mention Ditisc facts tbat- JpY readers may form an idea, of ."tin? stylo of lady the doctor 6 is,, and /tb . prepare the wax for ISjc . e»Mly AffiticJi is still to come- About ago the doctor caught somediAng from tufl banker's eldest son, and npMt ft toil" nightr iu bed. As soon -as; ire was con valescent he was" packed pff io Bourne mouth, and . the . doctot# wife want witli him. T hey came back last Thursday afiemoop, and" we hml scarcely fiui'shed dlquer . that eyeulttg witen n IroinendtMis ring at the hell announced the arrival of (he, doctor's wife. She equip tu'liko ft" lidrrlcane. and cantered cncrgeiically oyer m.\ loot til oruer w cuiwaw ? . 44 I'm so glad to lie back," stovjiega ». brcufiiL'.ssiy. " Huw are- j;6ii fiotb i AA't? shall have seine !oy(3tyT5katirig if rhis weather Ia?r? 1 ' Ye/f, /thank?, he t nil right again now : he'll 'be rouDd pr<?>eitU3. c.<iii?e yon didn't back Die Chester Cup winner, bud you'll l«s Nijrpi'Jsod .to hear thai i'<Dcf., 'fts the sinuigcst story you ever lkjard V. Y.p\s : Die haimj air acted on him at once, but he looked like ilea iii v.heu he got down there. . AVeli. M rirc. toll you bow it wn?. No. 1haul;s. luit'-nnythlug. fbnuk? I've only juri ha'd'dffiner." She took off hor "cloak. seftied'UerselC iu an armchair, ami began again— . ' You know ) aivrays said I could dream winners, aud now I've dune M ! lr really was the most exrraorriimirv . dreajn Lever imri. aud — Oh! yes. I hacked It; but lor me-tclljyou hew it happened. . The night before Die Chester Ctiu I had beou looking over Die. selection? in the evening papers : the.v were only tlie fourth editions really, but thev 'tilled tlicui tlio eveuing paper? at the bote!, because Diey didn't arrive till nine o clock, aud I -exppci J. was tliiuk- iitg aiioirr rlio race when I went to bed. "Anyway. ) dreamt . that I was at Chester race-. J -iiave. never .been rac ing ai Chostfir. bm I saw! U quite plainly. Ji'a -:t ciivuiar.qurse. like a hoop wiDi a kink jii.ij/ ami". 1 lift 'town »'!' i m cuuini:. "is-Duu rigid V \VeJi. .'thai how I saw ft, /t iid in jiif. ilreain 1 was j standing in the eeniie -nf Die ring with rim racecourse all nrouxul me, and I- saw iwo separale race? being ruu at Di»- same rime, one hatch of hordes a good distance behind the oDier batch, like cliildreD 'ynnmg after ouo auother round a pond. " AA'cJI. Die winner of Die first Imtoft was ridden by a jockey in sozue i strange eoJor / didn't recognise, l>ut he won quite easily, and. while 1 was looking ;ii him. a big red hoard went ujMtver Dm jndaes hox with the word? I p Guard primed ou it in white letters. " Almr.M Ohveriy aficrwards ibe second b.tPdi of liaises came along, and an animal c.-jn-ring Air?. Langrry"? j<'ick(ft shot oui J rem Uu» rest aud won by a length, " J tttrni-d round to the doctor, and re marked : 'Ximy'.-A r-nnnitig ilie cup in heats, and that' Merman/ and a man, beside mo 'They ;>)v doing nothing ol the kiuil. aud Dun's .Bridegroom.' ; 4 Ave you suiv." f asked, and -lie replied, : 4 Of course i am. I'm his father V ! " All dreams, are more or le.-s silly iu i parts, the doctor's wife added, apolo- j jretically. - hur 1 so impressed with ; iMhat next morning I wired away 1 p tiur.rd/ 1 was s<( doa<«?d wiien I hejird ii ltnd won that I told riu»oocror, and lie said it \v.»ul.i go towards paving (he iioie! bill. "1 didu'i say anytbiug mare ai tbo | tiiue. but i wired pp to ask my man whai he eould g. i mo to ItJ for'Brido- ; gTooin tor Dn Jnbilce. Ho wired back i'2HiX». and rejdied h:iokiug the bet. ;um asaiug a in n) ofmiinii n . wldch he did. "Then 1 hushed up and waded, be- j cau<e I knew 1 should win enough to , buy ,'fri huti-i if this place got too , hcahhy to siip))on us. There was ;f jlM t>f j;t(,ijer in iho bejel abiiin the .Itiliilee. and fl new vis-i- ior vcl.'o joUu :? the poker party in Die Cloning Mhiiigjy :tdvis,»d the doctor to 'dash it down" on Jh'njin I'm-get. "He was a siM-k-br.-keV in the cay. jiiji Jje sahJ b '-c'cin/iii/iV brother had a son in a livery s-nbh- :it Swindon, who ha.! seji) 3iim ;ho straight tip. smiled indulgently nji.-n iiim..bui be implortsl n.< no, to ignore his tip, aud the , inner Dmuked him poliudv. and said ho woitldir.- fm-gcr jr. " (in Sntmday inornitig I telcgrnpbed to my hreilu-r Tom to wij-e :ue fbo' ; wititier ilive.-riy he heard ii. with iu- , sivuriions for him m.t i„ P.-gvc ibe oil v till ir was published. " I wane-d stay iu nil ;he after noon. Inn afier lim-.-h the doctor iuiilsv- cl oil going f-.j a drive; .ami talked ahum hi health. :ind rivsh air, and all Dull son of tiling. " 1 was hni'stiiig wiih impjiticnce the whole time, and ,m Die way back I rnhl Die doctor whai I had done". He turned a bliie-gr»-en sort nf color, and I thought he was going to have a fit. 1 -couldn't go; :i Single word oui of lliip yi!| we VcUciieti t ii»» hotel, when" ' rushed to the office and tore utieu my telegTalu. " Tue riisflppointmcut-xvu? awful, but 1 had sense enough to push the doctor, niio had followed me. into h oiiair. so that he could have his fit without, dam aging himself, and haudei? hiui the tele gram. He read ii slowly, looked at. me over bis glasses, smiled a &ltlv; sort kj Muilc. nnd cnid. " 1 suppose we nsay depend upon the af-curacy of this lu- l'r.riuatloii. Augusta -YVbeu 1 as sured him that there wfi? not a ghost of an mom of a cbanoo of our not doing so. be responded. Tknufc goodness ! " "Possibly the shook ha? turned hi? brnin," 1 sum-k in, is be!tecovered;" IVrhaps." hazarded my wife." " the doctor Dicuglii ii would cure you of betting.1' "Thought ! furo ! Humbfig'!' re- Icned the dacior'? wife. 4 Now, what do you think lie 3md done ? Just trv to eouceive what that Idiotic old pili- pusher bad been hp to/ 1 shook my head sadly ; I could not conceive what superb effort of surgical or cliulral tomfoolery lie Md !beon gniliy of. and I refused to hazard a guess. - T'be doctor's wife proceeded to relate the euormity. emphasising each word avIDj a tap of her hand on the arm of the chair. 44 He had wired to my bookmaker on . Thursday morning, and (he .man, -not daring to question him, had put mv £(3C on Dinna Forget,. ' He got 8 to 1 to iho money, s little 'parcel of £62g. OTirl nil' »ia l — ,.ii r » . """ «»' «uc uc Atnuu give iae hms 1liat Uie sfoekJjroking 'ioiot .1(1- poaml such an ctcspeflinglj- xvcll-in- forroed person, and segwed so coufldcur or Diuna Forget's victory, that Up thought he could' not do better than follow his advice." " Well, hot that's uot so bad," my wife ventured to say when she conclud ed her story, with a scovrl of- eloquent disgust. "Bridegroom didn't win. anyway, hut the doctor didn't stop him hy backing Dluna Forget." " Xo: ibe doctor didn't stop litm." she retorted, '"hut he's walking about witli ifltl of my money- in his pocket, and tells me he is £oing to flni tu? another winner when the weUJitstiaine out for the St. Leger. There he te/v she added, as a oio&rM; ahdest-Hng sounded at the hell : -.>»otr |lDU'U.luive: to listen, to his IdiotSe verMdn of»lt."' 5 The doctor's v«sion yolnSded as to ? the hareTlafits, list the mwnlaatetri " from the story aatered'tewa&t-ot;?:; his wife's Jn seyaal :efeentig Vn. ' " -'Mi 