Crew Saved 'by a Ghost. Many 'Strange incidents .occur at soa, but nono moro so than that which befell Oapt. Benaor, of tho brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged in tho Wbst Indies trado (says an American journal). After leaving St. Thomas, her last port of call, on one voyage tho brig was stGorinK a north-westerly oourso, homo ward bound, boating up under short canyas againBfc high winds and hoavy seas following in fcho wake of a hurricane which ; had tra versed, tho tropicB five or six days boforo. Her captain who had boon somo hours on deck, wonfc bolow afc midnight aftor directing tho first officer, who was on watch, to keep tho oourso thon stoorod, and to call him in case of 'any ohange for tho worse in tho woathor. Ho lay down upon- a sofa in tho main cabin, but as the brig's boll struck twice became conscious ' of tho figure of n man, wearing a groon sou'wester, standing beside him in'tho dim light of the cabin lamp. Then ho heard tho words, ' Change your course to tho sou'wosfc, captain.' Captain Bennor got up and wont on dock, whoro ho found that tho woiifchor had moderated, and that tho .brig was carrying more sail nnd making hotter headway. Ho askod tho mato on duty why he had sent down to call him, to which that officor replied bllllb J1U uu^i uuu uujiu bu. xiiu: unf-Hitim, fancying that ho had boon dreaming, wont back to tho cabin, but ho was disturbed soon again by a second visit from tho man in the groen sou'wester, who repeated his previous order, and vanished up the companionway.' The captain, now thoroughly rousod, jumpod 1ip and pursued fcho retreating figu.ro, but saw no ono until ho mot tho mate on watoh, who in sisted thatho had nofcsonfcanymossongorbolowi Mystified and perplexed Captain Bonnor ro turned fco tho cabin, only to sou his singular visitor reappear, ;to hoar him ropoat tho order to ohango the courso'to sou'wost,' with tho addod warning, ' If you donofcit will soon bo' too la to,' and to- soo him disappear as boforo. Going on dobk, ho gave tho necossai'y' ordors; for tho ohango in the ship's course to south west. Tho officers of the brigAvore- not only surprised, bnfc also indignant, and finally dofcor minod to seizo tho captain and put him in irons, when, soon aftor daybreak, tho lookout f orwardi ropor tod somo object doad ahoad . As the vossol kept on it was made out to bo a ship's', boat. As it raugod aboam ifc was soon fco oon-; tain four mon lyincr undor its thwarts, ono of1 whom woro a groon son' wostor. Tho Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat loworod, and tho enstaways taken in. Tho castaways proved to bo tho captain and1 throe raon, the only sur vivors oC tho oi'ovv of a vossol which harl'gono down in tho hurrioauo, and thoy had boon drifting helplossly without. food' for flvo or six days. Thogi-oon son'westov wns fcho pvoporfcy of, fchoroBouod captain, A fow days lator whon ho had rooovorod sullloionfcly to bo jtblo io.loavo his borfch, hp Avas Hitting ono day in tho main oabin of fcho brig with Captain B'onnor. Ho suddenly , nskod his host. i£ he boliovod in drontns. ' Sinco I lmvo boon hero, ' ho con fcinudd, ' I have boon thinking how familiar' this cabin looks. I think that I havo boon horo boforo. In tho' nighfc boEoro you, picked' mo up I dronmod that I camo fco you horo in' fchia oabin and told you to ohango your oouvbo1 to sou'wosfc. Tho first timo you took no rioticb of mo, and I canto tho soootid time, in ynin'j': but fclio third fcimo you ohangod your course,) and I woko fco find your ship alongsido of ub.'1! Thon, Captain Boiinor,'wholmclnotiood t)ip rb-t Homblnnco of tho spoakor to his mystdi'ioiiB via-, itor, told his own story of that mglifc.' 