CHAPTER XIV.. PINNTB HAS AN ADVENTURE. INNIE was rapidly recovering, and the time drew nigh when he must, or ganize his infant faculties into some lino of action for maintenance. Ho had not been idlo during a portion o£ his sicknoss. He rose from bis bed a differ ent person in one respect—bo could read a little, and every day added to his powors in that direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was paler than before, and his step was still unsteady. But bis features Ijnger expressive of vacancy, aud his step was not shambling. His white forehead and finely. molded mouth and chin gave promfso of considerable strength. How often at night ho asked after tho wel fare of Winnie. This pleased Helen, and her pictures of tho girl were at timos tinged slightly with the golden hue of affection. It may bo stated, also, that tho clear-eyed island daughter, with her "iss," and "wass," and sweat Gaelic accent, also inquired daily for Pinnie. One day Pimiio was feeling unusually de pressed—he folt that ho was becoming a bur den to the household. All were glad to see him so well, and to hear him rattle off " lit erature " with more or loss readiness. But the fact that he was a non-supporting mem ber of the group was puinfnl. So, one day, when Helen returned from her labor, which still continued, she found a note awaiting her. It was written in boyish script, and read as follows: Dear Miss Helen: I thought I ought to get something to do. So I have borrowed a little monoy of Mrs. Smith, and I havo gouu over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with him and seo if ho knows what I can do. I trill hope to be back as booh as you do. PINNIE. Mrs. Smith had gone into the city shop ping, and b'nd not returned, and the maid of all work know nothing of Pinnio's going. Eight o'clock and Mrs. Smith both came, and still no Pinnie. But at half-past 8, just as they wore becoming alarmed, a note camo from Mrs. North stating that "Mi*. Pinuie" ■would remain there over night. At tha North castle it had been a dull day. The light remark mado by Conrad about? a threatened raid on the down town office wor ried Mrs. North. Being forewarned, of course Mrs. North felt that there was no reul duufjai*. However, what may bo called th« "feminine shadow" hung over .her, and lier mind refused to dispel the gloom. The huge clock in tho hallway had just struck 2, when tho heavy knocker on tlio heavy door sont a chill through hor slight framo. By tho timo tho man servant was at tho door, Mrs. North was at the head of the old-fashioned staircase. The door was open ed. There stood a pale, lank, sickly-looking woman in masculine raiment—at least that was what Mrs. North suspected. The largo, dark eyes looked strangely and steadily upon the doubtful IIr. Bonar, who stood for a moment without saying a word, as if wait ing directions from his mistress. And when Bonar did spring hint witli a question, he did it carefully, so as not to scare him away in case ho were a real ghost. "An' phwafc kin I do for tho likes o' yeri" "Can you toll me, mister, if Mr. North lives lierel" "Include, soor, an' wo kin do that," return ed the Irishman, without offering the desired lniormawon. On the long piazza, or porch, near tho outer door, was a huge rustic chair. With a stammering word Pinnio almost tumbled into this, much to the anxiety of tho man. "Ocli, mo leddy, tho iahd is sick." Mrs. North was by him at that moment, and asked of Finnic: "My boy, nro you ill?" "I have boeu, Mrs. North, but I am only so tired now. I walked from tho forry." "Bonav will bring you into the house"— and, as she said this, the sudden thought came into her mind, that, perhaps, this had something to do with tho threatened bur glary. "But then," she reflected in an in stant, "that was at tho down town ollico and surely this youth would not bo an agent in such work!" Then she said aloud. -'You speak my name, bat I do not remember to have met you, do you know me?" "Yes, X know you from tho words of Miss Lamont. I came to talk with Mr. North, who can toll 1110 what to do, probably." "Are you tho sick person of whom Miss Lamont told 11s?" To BE CONTTNtfim 