Till' scarlet Packet. CHAPTER XXX. PRINCE RUPERT REFUSES TO GIVE UP MARIAN. j ' I dhl say must not be,' cried Marry. ' Mv M.rie shall never be sc srned and spurned by any, pr.nces thou tliej- may be. A likely fulfill. ient of my trusi ! Miinan the cast-oft plaything of a frivo lous prince ! No, never shall it be so — I swear it I' Having thus relieved his mind of its overflowing indignation, Harry made his way from the place, and wended his way slowly and thoughtfully to his own quarters, where he fou nr Prince Maurice, with a grave face, awaiting his return. \- 'Well, what success have you met, my friend? Is my brother still obdurate, or nas he proved amenable to teason ? But I need scarcely ask ; thy face tolls too plainly thy want of success.' ' I know not wluit course to pursue, your highness. The prince appears fully determined to detain Marian, Ho pro fesses the utmost affection for hci, end expressed his fixed determination to marry her.' ' Ah ! say you so C cried Maurice. 'This is indeed hotheaded foolishness. We must prevent this at all hazards.' 'With the first opportunity I shall ap peal to her majesty for help and assis tance,' said Harry. ' Thou speakeit foolishly in the heat of thy indignation, Sir Harry, upenly we are both powerless to resist the stubborn will of aiy headstrong, foolhardy brother. Know you not that the queen almost adores the Prince Rupert, and at the same time, stands in fear of his hot, fierce temper ? An you rely on her majesty, you lean-on but a rot'en l-eed.' ' What would your highness then advise?' ' List, and I will speedily unfold my plan. I know well the old chateau in which the prince has placed his prize. An we can but encice him from the house for a short time this evening, I can devise means by. which you- can gain access to this lidyis chamber' arid carry' hei -ttl"; a place of safety.' " s ' Tne two .then ent-ere'd into an earnest' consulta ion, and by the time the bright wintry sun had risen and t nted the sur rounding snow clad trees with the many variegated huts of the rainbow, their plans were completed, and Harry retired to his welcome couch. CHAPTER XXXI. j ESCAPE OF MARIAN. A few miles from Versailles, by the side of a lovely by- road, stood a partly- ruined chateau. It had been built in the reign of Louis Onze, but the family in whose possession it remained had been gradually reduced in circumstances by successive spendthrift generations, until the fundsfweie not forthcoming to keep i the handsome pile of bull. rings in repair. First a wing, then the central poition had been surrendered to the rats and ghosts, and at last the surviving representative of the once noble family was glad to let the only habitable portion to Prince Rupert. About a quarter of a league from the chateau stood a roadside tavern of a de scription peculiar to France. In a small room scantily furnished at the back of this hostlery stood two travel- lei's, clad in heavy r ding-cloaks, and wearing black silk visors. ' Thou art certain o' thy man, then ?' said the more slender of the two. ' Certain, your highness. I know the fellow well, and have always found him a tagst tnggty knave.' 'Alrfnis m omeRU® i rlf figure, also visored, entered the room. He gave a military salute to the iothsrs. an'd j then stood in respectful siilerice. - - - ' t". 'Hast thou performed thy mission, Green ?' 1 For answer the man turned to the a nor. closed and bo'ted it, and then closed the shutters, which wore attached to the inside of the window, thus effectually preventing the entrance of the light of the full moon, and at the same time de- \- barring anyone, inquisitively inclined,' peering into the chamber. Strange and weird looked the three figures in tho fitful firelight. When he had thus carefully guarded against any unplcnsnt interruptions, the last comer, with a grateful sigh, tore fiom his face. the silken mask, and ex posed the features of Jack Green. 'Thank heaven that I ha' got that greasy -smelling old rug fiom my face once more. An it were not in your honour's service, I would sooner go on half rations for a week than again place it. over my e'en.' Well, didst deliver thy message ?' _ 1 Ay, that did I colonel. At least I did did not gi' it to the prince hisscl'. hut a honest wench, who is knoivn by the heathenish name o'Laurette, did.' ' And why did you employ a second person ?' ' For a very good reason, your highness an I may make so bold. The Prince Rupert is not, although he is the best captain that ever throw his log o'er saddle' or grasp id sabre — I say lie is not always as gentle as a sucking-dove. An I had myself delivered the message, an' the fit hud taken nim, lie would as lief a' torn off this dun -y piece of silk as he' would ha' spnt out.' ' VV. 11. wi-ll, thou art wasting time." 'Not a moment, master, we cannot stir till the pnncc iia' passed, and we shall heai lini no that fro' here. And. he had se. n mo w>' a mask on my face he might ha' susp -cted something. I made Lur- ! ctte put on her cloak and hood, and . dabbed them all over with snow. I crave the i-ing, which she returned to m<T as your honour mu-t know.' Hi-re Jack Gr-en handed back the queen's ring. ' What said he when he saw Dm ring, and the uench told him her najesty re- quir d his ins: ant presence ?' j _ ' The uirl says a black look came o'er | his face, and ho answered not for several ! minutes. At last he stamped his foot, | and b.rie her tell her gracious majesty | that ho would attend her council as soon as possible. I A pleased look came over the fellow's honest face as he added : ' I thank my stars I went not. Had he suspected the deceit, I should ha' had short shrift, I am expectin'!' ' You are sure there is no other way to Versailles but past this inn ?' ' Certainly, Sir Harry.' A few_ minutes of silence, and then the sound of a horse's feet were heard, muffled by the deep snow. One of the firstcomers left the room and watched the passinc horseman until his form was lost in the distance. ' Now, Sir Harry, an thou wilt come at once, I will show thee the chamber where thou wilt find thy ' fayrc ladyo.' ' Your highness overwhelms me with kindness/ answered our hero; then turn ing to Green he'said, 'didst thou leave the ladder near at hand ?' 'Ay, sir: it is hidden amongst the ruins. ' 'Tis well.' The three now left the room and called loudly for the host. .Jack Green in the meantime having replaced his mask. 'Look here, my friend; let our horses be led out speedily, and see that thou hast seen or heard nothing this night.' Saying this, the prince handed him the two golden coins, which he greedily clutched, whilst hemutteredand mumbled : ' Silent as death, monseigneur — silent us the grave !' 'It will be well for thee if thou art.' The three now mounted and pursued their way, Prince Maurice and Harry going first, .Jack Gieen following, leading a spare horse having a side-saddle. As they approached the chateau all was quiet and dark, with the exception of two windows through which a bright light made its way, falling on the snow in silver like- bars. ' The second of the two windows is the one. Tne fir.-t I know to be Rupert's studio,' said Prince Mauiice. 1 Quick ! The ladder !' exclaimed Harry, impatient'y. Green swung himself from the saddle and disappeared with noiseless tread amid the ruins. . In a few short seconds he returned, bearing a ladder on his shoulder, which he speedily placed against the window indicated by the prince.' In a nioiiien1 Harry's feet were on the rungs anc. his face peering into tho room, where he saw Marian kneeling at a prie- dieu , with a sad expression on her beauti ful face. Tapping gently at the window. Harry several limes called out 'Marie!' before he could attract her attention. At last she turned her large tear-dim med eyes towards the window. At first she felt inclired to scream, but she quickly suppressed her emotion, and hastened to unfasten the leaden-framed lattice. 'My dear' she began, but Harry interrupted her speech by a very cousinly embrace. ' My Marian, thou art safe ! But make thee good hasce. Wrap a cloak around thee and fear not. Nay, my little one, tremble net. I have often carried thee before. An thou art a little heavier, I am a little stronger, so be not afraid' ' Atraid ! I am never afraid with you, Harry.' _ Cautiously and slowly Harry lowered himself down. The lovely burden was but a featherweight in his strong; powex-- ful arms, - ;crogs the JjnowtheV go, Weav ing Green to replace the ladder in its hiding place. Swiftly and silently the group (now augmented to lour) jdnsli along tho road. The l'nir maiden keeps her horse close to the side, of that of Harry, but speaks never a word. Her heart is loo full lor utter ance. OnThey dash ; the shadowy outlines of the old chateau fade in the distance and i the full moon sheds her silvery glory on i the roofs ana towers o; a monastery which lies before them. ' I will now leave you with your fair charge, Sir Haivy. It were we'll that I engage my brother in converse, an, h lias discovered his loss. Faieivell, gentle lady/ Bidding a respectful adieu to Marian, the pi-Fee put spurs to his lior.se and was soon lost to view. In a Qw minutes Harry handed Marian to the abbess of the monastery, and after a sad farewell, dug the spurs into his horse CHAPTER XXXII. THE BEARDED SOLDIER. It was two days after the most notable trial in the annals of the world had taken place, with all the solemnity and page antry which its originators could com mand. /The ktng of F.ngland had been tried by his subjects and found guilty of treason, the puishment for which was death. The remonstrances of the Scots, the in tervention of the Dutch and French Gov ernments, had proved unavailing. The hearts of the long's gaolers were as a nether mill-atone. Even the offer ol the Prince of Wales (afterwards Charles II) to resign all claim to the crown, or to submit to any and every concition the representatives of the Republicans might propose, was treated with indifferent scorn. The king had been tried, found guilty and sentcnc ii to death, and en the mor row his life was to pay t,he forfeit for whatever acts of injustice lie might have committed. Dark and unpleasant were the thoughts ot Charles as he sat in his lonely chamber at Whitehall. The younger of his chil dren had just departed, after bidding their unfortunate father a last and sad farewell. As he sat thinking of his fallen greatness and his btloved family, a solitary tear rolled down his handsome, melancholy I face. ' How deserving am I of this fate !' he cried. ' I have the blood of the unfortun ate Stafford on my hands.' The door ofthechambcr suddenly open ed, putting an abrupt termination on bis thoughts, and a man entered, bearing a small salver, cn which were placed several cakes and a flask of wine. Accompanying the man was a tall, heavily-bearded soldier, clad in breast plate and backpicce' of steel ; on his head he wore a heavy peaked helmet, and he carried at the support a short carbine. It was evidently one of Cromwell's re nowned Ironsides. Whilst the attendant placed the refreshments on the table, the soldier stood bolt upright by the door, and his piercing eyes were fixed witli a pecu liar look upon the king. (to be continued.) 