ITEMS OF NEWS. i — o ' — . The Borough Councilors met yesterday for the election ..of. Mayor for the ensuing year, but after considering together ' in camera' for three- quarters of an hour,' they .did not come to a de cision in having an unauitnous voto. They came into the Council Chamber, and it was seen that three Councillors, and even a fourth. were desiroris of occupying the envied position. The result of these preliminaries resulted in tho election of Cr Williams, as we predicted. Tho annual hall of St. Mary's Branch, H.A.C.B. Society, takes plncu in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute to-night. It is oxpected there will be about 50 couples present, including visitors from Melbourne, Bendigo, Kynotoh, Maldon and other districts contiguous to the town. The dance music is to be supplied by an orchestra under the leadership of Mr H. Montcith, and with the floor in capital condi tion, the ball promises to bo an enjoyable success. ., The bazaar that;, is to be opened in the Wes- leyan School-roorii to-morrow night and con tinued on the following night is in aid of the Work Society. There will bo a large display of useful and ornamental articles on rale, and a. very interesting programme has been arranged. The grammaphono is also to lond assistance towards the enjoyment of those patronising the bazaar. The sad death is reported of a young man (Mr Jarnes Butler), son of Mr John Butler, of Moolort. He was in strong, health, but sud denly collapsed soon after an attack of influenza. Deceased leaves a widow and two children. j Cr W. B. Gray has been elected President of the Shire of Maldon with an allowance of L30. The allowance voted to tho Mayor (Cr Hnrk- ness) of Bendigo, yesterday, was L300. Puerility appears to have been exemplified in more than one municipality yesterday during the election of Mayors for the ensuing term. At Bendigo, Crs Marks and Bailes had a brief passage-at-arins. The former referred to the kind services rendered by the Mayoress (Mrs Harkness) and her daughter in providing nice edibles for tho Council during the past year, nnd also remarked that on a recent morning follow ing the day on which one of these little "spreads" was given he observed Cr Bailes looking dreadfully bilious. Cr Bailes gave a " tart " rejoinder to this "crusty" complaint, and chided Cr Mnrks for. . his want of gallantry in suggesting that tho cates, which were made by Miss Harkness, ' wore otherwise than " the sweetest cates in Christendom/' If. he showed any signs of biliousness on Saturday morning, ho said, it was on account of his disappointment, at not having been able to got near tho table on Friday before Cr Marks rushed the post, and " spoofed" the lion's share of the 'provender. Tho Mayor gently deprecated the intrusion of personalities, and straightway the storm was stilled. Yosterday was " Mayor's Day." The word " Mayor" means tho chief officer of a corpora tion, and thoroforo chief magistrate of the city. It is from the French ' maire,' Latin ' major.' It is stated that hundreds of acres of drained peaty soil at Koo Wee Hup swamp have been burning since the big fire last summer. Tho residents of Irishtown, near, Bendigo, and vicinity, had a lively time on Sunday night. Tho " ghost " scare has now taken , such a hold on the popular imagination that bands of young men, numbering sometimes 40 or 50 in a band, paraded the streets, armed with sticks, stones and other lethal weapons. The ghost discreetly did not walk. The many friends of Mr Wm. H. Tippet t, of Happy Valley, will (says the ' Bendigo Adver tiser ) regret to learn of his death, which oc curred on Saturday. The. cause> of death was heart disease, from which- he had lieefl suffering for about eight months. - Ho leaves 'a' grown-up family of three sons and ono daughter.,-- He was a prominent member of, the Forest-street' jVes- loyan Church : for over a quarter of a. century. One son of deceased is Mr J, Tippett, saddler, of this town. . ., ....... At Taradalo on Friday a man who gave his name as Joseph Christopher Bourke was arrested ; on suspicioii that a horse found in his possession was not his property. He has 6ince stated in writing that. ho stojo tho' hqrse/frorii a place at the Big Hill, near Bendigo. ' He' was brought before tho Court on Saturday morning, and - re manded to Bendigo. , , The. following .works are forwarded to us by Messrs Geo. .Robertson and Co ' Vaussore.', by Frances Brurio, published in Methuen s Colonial Library, is produced froiu a manuscript found at Derby, the writer being presumed to be one of the children" of J, ' J. Rousseau,' sent to the Foundling's. Hospital, in Paris, Tho child had been taken from the Hospital and reared by Mr and Mrs Mecer, who had him apprenticed ton watchniakor, and this business became his means of livelihood. During the course of hiti life and travels, he wrote a journal of his life, which in neither style, sentiment, nor splendour is unliko the brilliant writings of Rousseau. In Longman's Colonial Library is published ' Leddy Marget,' a story by L. B. Walford, of a dear old woman of eighty years, who retained her admiration for dress, jewels, and socioty, to the olose of her life- The story, beyond boing pleasant reading, does not rise above that. 