A LUCID INTERVAL. The thing seemed hardly credible on Change; but Bob Walsingham (of Wal- singham Brothers, St. Swithin's Lane, E.C., was desperately ill. That most robust, cheery, and gene- rous of middle-aged city men—a unique "character" in his extensive social circle, the pillar of half a dozen clubs, the life and entertainment of a score of households—was lying helpless on his back, pale, wasted, and delirious, de- plored alike by the city and the West End. At an earlier stage in the illness clerks and brother directors had called almost daily, asking for five minutes' conference or the mere signature of a document. "Impossible!" was the answer of the sacred domestic. "Mr Walsingham could see no one—could not even write his name." The strawed roadway of the great red-brick house looking on Kensington Gardens was trampled by a dozen pairs of carriage horses every morning, while footmen glanced at the muffled knocker and handed in cards of condolence. Friends had the consolation of knowing that everything money could do would as- suredly be done for one who in health seemed to enjoy no pleasure like that of giving—an elementary pleasure, no doubt. Bob Walsingham was not a man of advanced ideas, though what he had were highly valued on many com- mercial boards. A stanch adherent of the existing order of things, it would never have occurred to him to doubt the merits of large fortunes and liberal ex- penditure. As it was, while he lay, eminent specialists, for whom the hour- glass ran in golden sands, met, consult- ed, and advised day after day, and, hav- ing carried off hundreds of guineas and recommended the expenditure of hun- dreds more, agreed that there really was nothing to be done but to trust to care- ful nursing and let the disease run its course. This, they said in a manner im- plying that each individual of them could have arrested it by raising a fin- ger had they not preferred another me- thod of cure. Miss Lina Farebrother—the brightest, strongest, readiest, lightest handed of helpful womankind, the pick of the great St. Stephen's Ambulance and Nur- sing Association—faced with serene self- possession the responsibilities imposed upon her. Precisely because of her ex- cellence and comparative youth, the censorious and slightly jealous Lady Superior of the establishment (such littleness do sometimes impair the utility of such admirable associations) had particularly enjoined Miss Fare- brother not to forget "her position." But the girl's plain dress and particu- larly deferential manner could no more conceal the fact that she was a lady than a nurse's cap concealed the luxu- riance of her black hair. Mr Walsing- ham's sister and his two nieces—he was the most popular of bachelor uncles— bowed down to her lightest word or look; and in their desperate strait she ruled the house with a noiseless despo- tism. The patient's earlier remarks to her had thrown little light upon his imme- diate needs and feelings, obscured as they were by the conviction that he was the centre of an important telephonic system into which the correspondents of several English and American firms were pouring the most fatuous sugges- tions. "I wish to the d——l you wouldn't all talk at once," he burst out; and there followed a rigmarole of disordered wit and wisdom, social and mercantile, the lucidity and precision of which failed to render it intelligible to Miss Farebro- ther. "If you want a flutter, my boy, don't touch those Spanish fours." A weary smile played over the wasted face. "Much better spend it on cham- pagne. Will last longer . . ." "There, there," said the nurse, re- arranging his pillow. "Pay for it!" was the answer. "I'll be hanged if you do!" His voice dropped. "The poor beggar's only got three hundred a year." His expression passed to one of more se- rious grievance as he looked hard into the nurse's hazel eyes. "I can't conceive why ever they put you on the direction. . . . You're quite the worst banker I ever knew." As her voice seemed to soothe the pa- tient she felt bound to assent to many of his propositions. She made no at- tempt to defend her character as a banker, but merely shifted the ice on his head. Pressed on an economic ques- tion concerning sugar bounties, she promised not to say another word in fa- vor of "that d——d 'Consumer,' " and expressed a gentle sympathy for Mr Walsingham's obscurer troubles. No doubt it was rather trying to find your- self the drum of a telephone, when you had been brought up for the church; and she would certainly wire the Hong Hong agents (omitting bad language) and say so. Such was the daily programme for weeks of patient watching, during which the sufferer's eyes, when not closed in disturbed slumber, followed her with weary attention round the room. His delirium was of the kind in which the mind, like a fish struggling on the hook, alternately surged up to the light, swam near the surface, and plunged again into the deeps. There came a day—the fortieth or fif- tieth, perhaps, of her charge—when his utterances struck the nurse as more re- markable than ever; for he broke off a warm discussion on West Indian freights to turn his pale face full upon her and say : "Come here, Lina—your name is Lina, isn't it?" "What do you want ?" said Miss Fare- brother, mechanically ; but the voice from the pillows went on : "And a dev—a very pretty name, I say . . . Look here, Lina, I've watched you, and I can see what a trump of a girl you are—the sort to make any man happy. Oh, don't you talk !"—he seemed to fear she should fill up intervals left by his exhaustion; but Miss Farebrother, robust and comely, stood and watched the patient, her hands crossed on her apron, but her heart, it must be added, beating a turn over the orthodox rate. "I'm a poor sort of a feller, I know," the voice struggled on, "but I've got the deuce of a constitution, and I shall pull through this all right. . . And look here, Lina; if I do"—the voice was very feeble now— "will you marry me?" The haggard eyes fixed hers. "Will you? . . ." Not quite sure how far the soothing policy of assent ought to be carried, she answered, gently: "Well, well; we'll see about it when you're ——" "Will—you—marry—me ?" persisted the patient, faintly. "If you do"—he interrupted another vague expostula- tion—"I'll make you as happy as a queen. . . . . If you don't, I'll be ill . . . . for weeks and months, by Jove . . . And you'll have the deuce of a time, and"—the ghost of his lost jovial self whispered—I'll cut down your screw . . . Will you ? . . . Lina ?" The sufferer strove to raise himself on his elbow, breathing with an effort, while intermittent color flashed into his face. Every moment of this excitement was making him worse. The nurse touched his arm and read- justed the pillow. "Very well," she said, "I'll marry you." But as the ex- cited features subsided into instant re- pose and the haggard eyes closed, a sudden trembling rendered her hand less steady than usual. As the patient's face, averted from hers, sank on to the pillow, she heard him say (and the simple words filled her with a strange fear), "Tell Lizzie not to forget that turtle-soup for the Clarkes." A mo- ment later he was asleep. The nurse met Miss Walsingham on the broad, softly-carpeted stairs. "He's resting now," she said, and mentioned the injunction concerning the soup. "Oh," said Miss Walsingham, "the poor sick parson in Bethnal Green. Did he say that? Then he must have been quite sensible." "I don't know," said the nurse, "he's been talking a great deal . . . about things in the city, and . . . and . . . oh! all kinds of nonsense." Miss Farebrother blushed the blush of health and innocence to the roots of her lustrous hair. The genial, middle- aged lady eyed her kindly but closely, and reflected on the occasional freedom, even before ladies, of her brother's language. She took the girl's hands in hers. "My dear," she said, "I may call you that? We're rather—what shall I say—a sporting lot; but our hearts are all right. I do hope Bob didn't say any- thing very dreadful. If he did, you must forgive us. We shall never, never know how to thank you for what you have done—and Bob, my brother, he is, I can tell you, the best, truest, kindest soul on God's earth." The gold-rimmed glasses slipped from the speaker's eyes and showed them flowing with tears. The girl, more professionally self-pos- sessed, could not resist her motherly embrace, but mingled her own tears with reassuring smiles. "Oh, dear Miss Walsingham, pray don't think anything of the kind; and I know, I can see, how good and kind he is. It was all nonsense, but he . . . he called me by my name, Lina, and . . . and asked me to marry him, and . . . and, to quiet him, you know, I . . . I said I would." Miss Walsingham stifled a burst of laughter in her laced handker- chief, but, recovering, looked more se- rious. "I don't know what Lady Adela Gresham would say to that; but—she need never know." The implied sense of this remark of Miss Walsingham's was not true; but she thought it politic, even kind, under the circumstances, and it had the basis of fact that she very much wished Bob to marry Lady Adela. * * * * One afternoon, after about a week of gradual but irregular recovery, the in- valid suddenly and quietly awoke from a long sleep in a luxurious, arm-chair in the sunny sitting-room. The sentinel was still at her post. "Is that you?" he said in the level ac- cent of a continual discourse. There was nothing in the question, but its tone struck on her experienced ear as the newly tuned note on a musician's. Bob Walsingham had been quite right when he said that he had the deuce of a fine constitution. A faint color glimmered in his cheeks, and his face was at rest. There was even in its expression a spice of the jovial mischief which was to him a second nature. She smiled quiet pro- fessional approval. "You've had a good sleep." "I'll be dashed if it wasn't a close thing," he added, with a mild air of self-congratulation. "You might have got on at 14 to 1, and made a hat- ful of money; but it doesn't matter now. I guess I talked a record lot of rot. Where on earth is the daily paper?" For some absurd rea- son the nurse turned as white as the margins of the "Times" she handed him. He was allowed to read a little now ; it was usually a pretence, ending in a healthful nap, and she banked up the pillows a bit to facilitate the process. "By the way," said the patient sud- denly, from behind the "Times," "where would you like to go for the what d'yer call it?—the—honeymoon?" The nurse had complete command of herself this time. A touch of excite- ment, of fanciful romance, had enliven- ed the martyr-like drudgery of her life. The Walsinghams had been kind, gene- rous; but gratitude must never be con- fused with love; and it was highly ab- surd of her not to have reflected—before repeating the nonsense to Miss Walsing- ham—on its obvious explanation. As to the name, why "Adela" might be "Ade- line"—and so many girls' names ended that way. It would be very improbable that he could have known her—Miss Farebrother's—own name, though his sister had affectionately called her by it once or twice. So she simply said, wondering if he was awake to hear it : "While you are away, do you mean? . . . Oh, I hope you'll be well enough then, for Lady Adela——" Did the invalid "say a swear," as he had sometimes sworn in his delirium ? She preferred to believe that he only muttered, "What on earth d'you know about Lady Adela?" "I beg pardon," murmured Miss Fare- brother; "I—I thought you were—en- gaged." "So I am engaged," said Bob Wal- singham simply : "have been for a fort ——three weeks past." There was no want of color in the nurse's face now. "Would you mind picking up the 'Times?' " said Bob Walsingham. He could quite well have picked it up for himself; and it was not the paper, as she stooped and replaced it, on which his large and bony hand closed. "Lina," he said—she could not, or would not, tear herself away from him, though the grasp was no longer that of the helpless sufferer—"you promised, you know——" "Oh, Mr Walsingham!" she said, em- barrassed by her own truthful instincts, "I thought you meant——I mean——" "You meant," he interjected —— " and Bob is what they call me." "I only meant"—her voice came in a broken whisper—"I only said that to— to make you"—the right words would not come—"to make you better." "It'll be a longish business," he sighed genially; "a sight longer than this fever, but I believe you'll do it, if any one can. . . . There's Lizzie coming. You might ring for tea." * * * * The convalescent was observed to chuckle a good deal over the first letter he wrote, which was addressed in a somewhat shaky hand to "The Lady Su- perior of the St. Stephen's Ambulance, Etc., Association," and concluded with a paragraph which nearly gave that dis- tinguished matron a fit :—"Mr Walsing- ham would be glad to know if any extra charge is made in the event of the pa- tient marrying the nurse, and in view of such a possibility begs enclose a cheque for L500." Probably no more loving couple were ever married at St. Peter's Church ; but the shameless husband was often heard to say in after-life, "You see, she'd found out all about me. I couldn't have let her marry any one else;" and queenly Mrs Walsingham, her fine hair ablaze with diamonds, would blush for him and smil- ingly own that during her engagement as nurse she "had learnt the worst."— "St. James' Budget." ————— A Fresh Supply.—"Have you the in- spiration of the muses to-day ?" asked the caller of the attic poet. "No, but I've sent out for a quart." Mr Surley (savagely) : That confounded baby is always crying. What's wrong with him? Mrs Surley (sweetly) : He's got your temper, love. Differing Tastes.—"If there be any- thing in the world I hate," said the proud plutocrat, "it is being patronized." "There's nothing I like better," said his acquaintance, who keeps the corner gro- cery. They who forgive most, shall be most forgiven.—Bailey. 