fOR THE LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. m STGEORGERATHBORNE. ,h„, of "Older Egyptian Skies," • iltes Pauline of New York," Etc. CHArTKK VII.'—DIAMOND CUT diamond. The picture when Travers proclaims • identity is certainly one well worth, ""fj-j, especially the consternation upon the features of that re- * - • mnn with whom Jack holds Hn intwview. Senor Roblado is apparently stricken ,„mb f0r the time being; the hand that halae tie smoking cigar trembles as rnieht an asP® 11 tear, and his fierce black under the shaggy grey brows are fastened 0:1 the Yankee with tile took of s hnnsry -Tnu are the genuine Jack Travers! Too ^"bo sit there dare to tell me that; 2S cooilv as you might speak of your ciearro' Poor Dros! man, I admire your „are though you have come near shatjainc mine with your devilish intelli- ^•e. 1 feared treachery: I prepared Gainst it, but hola: you overwhelm me. <aiU a RoWado never surrenders; we sometimes die in the last ditch." -ih. s-T-or." laughs the tantalising Jack "you remember I warned you it mis ful! thirty feet from my window, and a hard pavement that of -Princes ftreet- Do" 1 anything; to tempt me, 1 - „ Tte senor, who has risen nalf-way from his chair, drops back again ; one piance at the muscular figure of the American has convinced the Spaniard tliat he cannot hope at his age to cope vlth such ail athlete. "All the Fates must be against me to ljrinsr you here at such a time. I believed you dead. Jack Travers," W prouls. hardly knowing what else to say. •So did my dear friend Howard, and te had pood reason to believe himself fcaunud by my ghost, since it was by his nnfers I waylaid, robbed, and thrown imn Dead Horss Canyon. But J am a favorite of Fortune, and I escapifl, a? you see, to baffle your fx&pmes.;" "Then nv have lost everything. You tare swept the board, Senor Jack; but there is one thins still left to me." •Senor Roblado lias no longer his band upon the throttle-valve controlling his sratitions. which, up to this moment, have tavn k-?pt in wonderful control, .•onsidering- his fiery nationality. The łwrrier is swept down by that fierce rush of the tide, and as he hirses across the łabie, his usually suave countenance takes on the expression of a fiend. The crisis is at hand. Thanks to his long training. Jack fcuotre just how to meet such an emer gency. He has one elbow resting on the iafok-. and supports his head carelessly with this hand. . "What might that be, senor?" he smiles. "Rereng-e. A Spaniard never forrives an injury. I have lost a fortune, itmir he, hut in return I mean to have —your life!" With the words, the fiery, Castilian pttttteman suddenly produces a revolver, and presents it at the bead of his companion. It is so close that Jack can M into the chambers and see the leaden messengers snugly ensconced, and aTOiting: the signal to go forth. He something more. "Aha: you do not flinch. Tou are a man of nerve; but that shall not save y<iu. the clock yonder is about to strike ihe half-hour. When it sounds I •shali fire. This day, which has seen the •harmins Jessie a wife, shall also see her a widow;" and his manner declares that, recardless of consequences, Roblail-j is -. on revenge. "Ah. F-iMr. you have been in America, \- n and learned of their ways; but there is one thing you seem to have for snnen which no cowboy in Texas ever •Hiiits—that is. to pull back the hammer »f your sun before you shoot." The Spaniard gives a cry hitter chagrin, and draws back tós arm to remedy the fault, Ja-'k- foot I'.ifc? up from the side 'if tiie table, and the painted toe of his 'wit coming in contact with Roblado's wrist, Uie instantaneous result is a revolver whirling across the apartment. * snarl of raje from the senor. "Sit you down, sir," says Jack, calmly, anj there if a terrible emphasis to his viice that lias an effect on Roblado, 'bough in all probability he is influenced more by the sight of a little shining wea- I<m wliich Jack has taken from the draxrer oi the table, and the hammer of nhich is drawn back. Roblado is not a madman, therefore he Mrains from rushing on certain death. Fuming with rage, he drops back into <? lair ' B Picture of unutterable fury. • Iet us have an understand- ®5. I skall put my weapon away again, since I believe you will come to your "Uisfs nEd realise there are better ways « setting even than by murder." A sparkle of cunning flashes into the fjw of the don: he has suddenly rememw-rea ihat, after all, when the game ap- Mrs lost, be has a winning card up his slftive. Til- irir! Ls his power—she believes in his Election fo » her, and will do what he SiJ'S. h his appeared to him a great joke hat the man selected to stand up with J n lh e marriąge of convenience would lose his heart to the -wife tó wiiam •wtas given his word or honor never to again. Now he sees in this fact tbe , - Wea « spot in Jack's armor — the uiance for evening up matters—and Sef-ns"° bUd ' > be§in6 to °° me again to Ms He picks up his cigar from the table u has fallen, and replacing it be r" h,s strong white t^th, endeavors 0 'nutate the clever coolness of the: Anglican. seem to r un this game as you seej j^enor .Tack. Tell me what you pro- ^h' nS in way teilms '" be eays,: . 'J* " ups e you realise that I hold the 1 am idecuty has been proven, and Rht il n ° w in a PosMon to data the f-111 ęstate - A Portion will eventually J ' i n 'he case, but some time the 1 before this can be done. In trfl,m r:a " time - scnor < 1 would like to con-. tJ «, ^ su PP°rt of—my wife. Spaniard smiles coldlv. As he Lis tno power ot h'E one trump cart, mfnr , CUnnins return6 - though now ręce 3 by a desperate hatred for this "I'ws ® i? ^ pUred Wtlfchim as a cat • with a mouse. He can never for- ^eh humiliation. tor.° , ll;!t extent does the senor mean to into h" nhia " reas ° n able until she comes h<ṙ ln! r .?" n - As I am forbidden to see <4,11 16 terms of our agreement,' • I «?c>nj- dca! througfi you, as: her me a cheque Tor ten J ^ i Pounds now?' frmt- 1 —""t- ŁUHMmoipjneoos That sort of game don't« t • d «tr senor. A thousand would] r 430 1 ^you through in good shape until maU is no black- -iDid I say ten thousand? I meant rtrenty, or It might ^ thlrty." p ^ ; Roblado. vinSictt^y. pursues "Toil Jest, surdy?" . '' Ah: T ou ' re^MPe. Śhe śhaU know how much you tare lor her comfort^ thousand a mere pittance, slr-^ a ^ frot^your abundance. But I do not depend upon your generosity to Uve. Por »ios! I hare other means. We can wait until1 she comes into her own-yes, wait m the sun-kissed; isle bevond the sea. Where the cold winds never freeze the. warm Wood of a Spanish gentleman. Keep your pounds. Senor Jack; neither I nor my daughter would tohch one of them, lest it should .chill our hearts After all, the case does not turn out so sto<* she wUl come into her mira. . Jack hardly hears the last of his chatter. One sentence has ri vetted his attention and caused him considerable alarm. "You speak cf quitting Great Britain— of going to the isle across the sea. Surely you do not mean Cuba, senor?" he asks. "Why not? My interests lie "jhere, and my first wife is buried in Havana. Yes I surely mean Cuba," retorts Roblado' glad to see he has given his opponent thrust. "That fever- racked, war-tossed country! Take her there at this time! You must not." "Senor, I smae. An; I your vassal that you should use such language to me ? I so where I please, and when I please! A Spanish gentleman does not take his" orders from a Yankee.' Don Rafael rises to his feet and folds his arms across his chest. Now his attitude is simply superb. As a painter he has studied how to pose; and but for the serious subject that engages his attention, Jack would feel in the humor for clapping his hands and applauding the picture presented to him of a proud Spanish grandee. 'But Jessie; I will not permit- "You cannot prevent her accompanying me of her own free wilL" "She is my wife." "In nan:e only. Tou yourself have agreed never to exercise any rights ot a husband unless she so wills. You dare not deny it There is no law that can prevent her travelling with her father. We sail from this country; she disappears from your sight for ever. Ah !, Senor Jack, who laughs now? It is per-: haps my turn. Thus am I revenged- I was a fool to think of violence since there is a better' way through the heart See, with your permission 1 pick up my discarded firearm and return it to my pocket. I would not injure a hair of your head—here; but if you dare to follow me to that land beyond the sea, the hour may come when the insult you have offered me to-day will be wiped out in blbod, sir. Now. 1 am going, and if we never meet again, you can occasionally remember, as in a dream, the charming Scotch lassie who. on your wedding night, came into and went out of your life for ever. Adios, Senor Jack;" and with his mocking laughter floating into Travers' ears, .Roblado bows himself out, leaving the American still seated at the table. - CHAPTER Yin.—LEFT IN THE LURCH AT GLASGOW. Hie Spaniard has had his revenge. Jack never moves for some painutes after being left alone in his i^>om. His gaze is still fixed at Lhe bold picture of Edinburgh Castle as outlined against tha sky; but his thoughts are hardly connected with that glorious masterpiece. To Cuba !" This fair, Scotch lassie whom a strange freak of Fate has thrown in his way in Such a manner that their life-lines have crossed will soon have gone over the broad Atlantic to the Gem of the An- tilles, where the terrible Yellow Jack lurks and revolution is in the air. The bare thought causes him to grind his teeth with anger. He knows that Senor Roblado will never forgive the manner in which he has outwitted the conspirators. His hot Spanish blood has been aroused, and henceforth it must be war to the knife'between them—as the Castilian himself would put it, guerra al cuchillo. In centuries agone wonderful things have happened in that rugged pile upon which he is gazing. The history of most that Scottish hearts hold dear is contained within the walls of the famous castle—in the officers' mess- room, besides the battle-torn banners, mementoes of the most amazing fields in history, may be seen weapons and armor carried by brave men who had hearts of steel. The conflict that lies before him promises to call for just such qualities that win in the end. If he gain the prize he must -work for it. That harsh decree prevents him from doing boldly the one thing that might promise immediate success. If he breste his word he gains her contempt, aihd anything sooner than that. So Jack, the philosopher, realises that he must play his game very carefully. The Spaniard appears to have it well in hand, but at any moment he may make a false move, and It Is Travers' design to be on hand when such occurs, in order that he may take advantage of it. His'cigar, which lie has smoked mechanically, though vigorously at times, becomes exhausted, and, as he tosses the stump out of the window, Jack-springs to his-feet. -- To Cuba! Yes, around the world If necessary will he follow. The greater the difficulties that arise in his path the more resolvied he becomes to accomplish his honorable purpose. If it lies iń the power of mortal man, Jessie Cameron must he his. - The law has given her to him . already, hut that counts fornbthihg without her heart. her love. Already <i»g her sweet image been so indelibly impressed on his heart that he' feels she Is his fate—the one woman in" all the world whom Heaven has lntended to influence hfe life. - • . ,• Yes, he loves her;~he delights to dwell upon-the fact that only a comparatively few lipure.ago ber.hand actually touched his, while their. . eyes met. in a hfeart-' searching gaze. While fulfilling this .strange duty made mandatory by -the will of her eccentric relative^ and the positive, desire of the only faiher she had ever known, had she not expressed her pleasure at" finding the to whom she must be wedded in this •business way ;a gentleman? Jack has not forgotten a single incir dentS : ibe j>recedingnigh^ nor will he to the hour iwhen -hp qults, tjiis mortal spher^ ^ ^ theF; are engraven on his heart. ' Itie long after five, when he leaves the hotel, - aod acpompanied by Oie everr faithful AhSSn, walks Along ^Princes street. • • •* An irter^ew with the head of the police force fs what ,Jack seeks. He desires to have the elements of law .md order on Me Bide to this struggle against ibe schemer. -•••• • Wben he has acquainted this ish^ewd .gentleman .with His facts, and explains "what he desires, he soon secures the-ser- ^iees »f private detectłrat of great repute. IT&fe; o-dcrs given ere to keep a Svateb ,00 ejj JEepor. Roblado does, and report jften-to "When tluslianOKM1 Jack, " — Ies « 0 more, but prepares for an early ^ flitting, belierfns the scene of the drama must soon be changed to more tropical surroundings. ^ l ..^'Sf \ a the vicinity of Trinity Hospital, he conceives the no-i non of stopping to ascertain how the victim of the hansom accident, which changed the whole course of his life, may be getting on, and is surprised to find that Howard Spencer bas gone. He spent the night in the institution, and had his wounds attended to, but with the earliest hour when allowed to depart he had done so. Jack knows he will see more of this man at some future day. The other hates him because he has endeavored to injure Tnavers, who was once his friend, and has in times gone by done him more than one favor. When ingratitude once gains admission to the human heart, it leaves no room for any but the baser passions. If he meditates any evil towards Jessie Cameron, he had better be warv. for the girl is fast assuming a place in Jack's mind that is sacred, and he stands ready to exhaust every means in his power to defend heV. The night comes on slowly. Jack has dined, and feels that, like the famous philosopher of old, no fate can harm him. News from his agent is what awaits.and meanwhile rides round the city .on-the top of tramcars. He has Jjefore now visited the lions of the place —wandered through what remains of Holyrood Palace, aeen the interior of St. Giles's Cathedral, looked upon the house of John Knox, and viewed the city from Calton Hill. About nine he enters the hotel, and finds a message awaiting ton. Of .course, it is from his agent—written in pencil and in a hurry. They are just leaving for Glasgow. Will so by same train. Follow me. and put up at SL Enoch's Station Hotel, where I will report. Jack turns to the proprietor. "When does a train leave the station opposite for Glasgow?" he asks. Upon referring to the time-table other answ the "In eight minute?, sir." "'I shall take it. Have my bill ready when I come down." Half a minute to reach his room, full sixty seconds in which to toss his things into a travelling-bag with the help of All Sin, and get back to the office. The proprietor finds his account paid in a jiffy. Jack is out of the door like lightnin; down the court to Princes street, and across to the station, followed by his retainer bearing the luggage. He has his tickets purchased, and enters a carriage with Ah Sin and the luggage just as the prompt signal given and the train moves. Such success breeds a bepe that the future may have much in store for him. The ride is uneventful. Reaching Glasgow, a cab is taken to the hotel, and Jack seeks rest, having left word in the office that any message arriving is to be brought to him at once, for he believes the mission of the artist to this city on the Clyde is to sail on an Anchor Line steamer for New York; whence Cuba may be reached. Another day and no word. How heavily time drags'. Jack grows restless. Can it- be possible his shrewd agent has lost track of the game, outwitted by Spanish cunning? He arouses to the occasion and makes inquiries himself. A steamer—the Anchoria—sails for New York. Passengers must come aboard the night before, as she leaves at a little after midnight. He seeks the booking-office, but no one has taken passage under the names he knows. It looks, then, as though he will have to come prepared to watch the gang- plank, and, if he discovers those' he seeks, go aboard himself.' At the hotel a note awaits him. Smitbers is awake and on the track He bids Jack be ready for action in case a voyage is the next thing on the programme. This seems significant of action. That evening, as Jack enters the dining-room, a igentleman hastily leaves whom he has not noticed, and who seems rather anxious to avoid recognition, which is not at all strange seeing that it is Howard Spencer. Jack has actually been under the same roof as those he seeks for almost twenty hours, and yet never once dreamed of the fact! It draws near ten o'clock. Shadows have fallen. Clouds obscure the sky, and the night promises to a dark one. Jack has decided to drive to the dock of the steamer and carry out his plan All Sin has charge of the Juggage,»-and waits in the cab for his master, who lingers to exchange a few sentences with the clerk. Just at this time a messenger brings a note for him. What luck! In another moment he must have missed it and upon such little matters great events hinge. 1 Meet me at the Tron steeple in the Trongate without delay. I have tonishing nęws. . There is no name. He does not recognise the writing. Certainly it is not the same chirograpby as that of the note that came to him • in London, and which Juanita confessed. Still, he sees no reason to doubt the identity of. the writer, and believes it is the police-agent Smithers who sends -this startling request. Jack does not hesitate. A few words to Ah Sin sends the Chinese direct to the steamer with directions to wait for him at the gangplank. Ah Sin knows only-obedience to the letter. Meanwhile. Jack hastens to the Trongate. .., -v. He knows, he can,-reach the spot Indicated in a very brief time; but as minutes are precious he dodges the * pedestrians In his hurry to arrive. The Tron Church projects over the pavement, with. an arch, under which pedestrians pass, and a better spot could hardly "be appointed for a rendezvous. Reaching the . place, Travers looks sharply about for bis agent. . Oa.; the way he has seen groups .of-rough-looking "men talking at the comers..and although they are doubtless" law-abiding citizens, something in their appearance strikes him as odd- Perliaps it is the fact that nearly-, yery man wears a cap, usually drawn-down over the eyes in a way that Is bound to make the most harmless Individual have a most hold and burglar-like appeaxance. Tramcars pass, and jwople are moving. It would hardly appear to be the -place one who "had evil designs would select in order to. carry them into practice.. Having once been the theatre «f many an execution, when the • crowds jostled elbows to see justice dealt out to. those condemned, onemlghtimrtgine memories of the via.™ would deter rogues from haunting this scene of early-day justice; yet numerous evil schemes -against the peace of the ^good citizens of <Hasgow ha.Ve been formula-ted under the shadow of the Trongate. 'Jack grows uneasy. Minutes are passingrand a suspicion Is being shaped :in bis-mind that 'perhaps this Js but a trick i of the senor to beguile him until the ihonr-to •' the -sailing - of the„,steamer has passed. t < haB -about come .tło Jthe conclusion his best plan is to etop lhe~next empt^. cab ibat comes alon?, apd -make -for the landing stage regardless of the startling Information which the writer of the note has promised, when his attention is attracted towards a man advancing along the street, who appears to he looking to the right and left as if in search of some one. "Ah!" mutters Jack; "doubtless my man; but If Smithers, then he is sailing under other colors. Jove! he has cut oft a-foot.from his stature.- At any rate, ril wait for him, and prepare to Teceive boarders." The short man notices him standing' there. "Are ye Mr Travers?" he asks. Jack replies that he usually answers to that n^iroe when at home. "Have you a message for me?" he demands. The fellow glances round cautiously. No one appears to be near—a fact Travers has noticed, and deems so significant that he keeps his eyes fastened keenly 1 on the. other, suspecting treachery. "I have, sir. Come a bit closer. The lady told ire to be very, very careful," is the answer he receives, only it is in broad Scotch. Jack is thrown a trifle off his guard by the mention of a lady in the case. Then this messenger comes from Juanita, perhaps—oh rapture!—from Jessie herself. He does not suspect that this has been artfully brought into play for tlie especial purpose of disconcerting him. Hie Glasgow man has taken something from his pocket, and Jack, keenly on the alęęt,' bends forward to see what it ; may be. -?Thus he łrears not the light footfall behind, because of the rumble made by a vanishing tramcar. A peculiar hissing sound causes liim to turn his'head, but ere he can fully accomplish this design, a heavy object descends, and it seems U> Jack as though the heavens have fallen, since he sees a myriad stars. He falls to the ground helpless. As in a dream, he realises that two men support bin' " v i «li a passer-by he '** v boon companion unfortunate enough to have partaken too freely, yet all the while Jack's vocal organs, as well as his muscular powers, seem paralysed. Then he feels them lifting him up and placing him in a vehicle; he hears the driver shout to his horse, and with.the motion of the cab, gll consciousness leaves him, for seme one has kindly placed a handkerchief saturated with chloroform over his breathing apparatus. . When Travers opens his eyes he is in a dense fog with regard to liis whereabouts. The stars shine overhead as bright as ever they did. and behind a cloud the remnant of a once proud moon hides her blushing face. Jove! he must be out on the plains again, and all these strange incidents but the fancies of a disordered mind. Many a night has he slept under the stars in Texas, when playing his adventurous role as a cowboy and ranchowner. The night air is cold, and Jack, with a shiver; involuntarily reaches out to 1 . his blanket. Then he discovers he has none. What are those sounds? Surely such as never greet the ear upon the borders of the lonely Staked Plain—the ringing of bells, and the shrill screech of motors switching the freight vans. Amazed, Jack lifts his head. Then he gives a grunt, for the movement causes him pain. His surprise grows; many lights fiaslt before his eyes—why, it is as though he gazes from a height upon some great slumbering city, and the odour of smoka in th^oir is very familiar too. (To be continued.) 