[?] an xmspii^aisgiq-te,. ? r— «- ? -? CHVBTER; XVIII. THE ENGAGEMENT RING. Alice Verner recoiled, with a slight ex-. clamatipn, and eeemed .to be on the point of retracing her steps to the path above the Bower; but Harold glanced up, and instanty, y . rose feom the benob where he. had: been; seated. . 'Alien, do not go I I was just about to walk over to th' Hall. I wanted to see you very particularly.' His, faoe was white and drawn ; his eyes looked sunken and haggard. From the state of his garments, collar, arid scarf, and hia appearance in general, it' .seemed to Alice that he had spent the night in Mpria|s B wer. She made no reply to hid words ; bat she paused looking fixedly into hia altered ffice, And her heart was swelling with a feeling of wounded pride and passionate re proach that she found it almost impossible to quell. f'You — -you are puzzled and startled, I daresav, as to your late visitor at the Hall, Alice,' were Harold Dering's next words, and his voica quivered as he spoke. ' Bat make, your mind easy about her ! She has gone away with Alan Graham. I saw her for a moment, last evening, and she asked me to make her excuses to you. It ap pears that a stranger catna to the village,, a day\ or two ago, one of Miss Garaye's foreign acquaintances, whom* for some reason best known to herself, ahe by no means desired, to encounter. Alan Graham told be* of this man's presence in tho near neighborhood, and this fact seemed to &&r; die her hesitation as to; leaving, the place at! once with Graham. So they went to London last night— and I hope they may be happy together !'' ' He had spoken hurriedly, nervously, as if repeating a speech already learned by rote. : He was evidently making a despe-. rate effort to control his own secret agita tion-— endeavoring, .as. Alice believed, ^ to cloak the bitter resentment and disappoint ment of his jealous h^art at having b»»en thus supplanted so effectually and finally by. Alan Graham. ? ' Yes ; lam aware of this already,' Alice, said, after a little pause, her eyes, .still fixed 6n! Harold's face. ' Miss Garaye hap, herself written to me. You, may ^s ?weii, read, the, letter, as yonr own nam6 is mentibped in it,,'' ,^£nd! drawing .the letter from her pocket, Alioe placed it id Harold's hauds. He Tpad- it. rapidly; .then, with trembling fingers^ replaced it, in tho envelope, which he returned in silence to Alice. .'Well?' the girl said, a tone ol uncon trollable scorn in her voice, 1 /' Alice, A ice,' he cried, taking one of her hands in his fevered clasp, although she struggled to withdraw it, ' why do you ' look -and spnak like that? Have I not already ..told -you-— have I not aiwaya told , yojiLrthat you — vou only— possess . , m hea?t;I. fThie girl : came across our path— this! adventuress— 'and for a time made mischief between us. Bat she is gone, Alice— she : will trouble us no more. Lat '. us, forget this hateful episode— let us — ' 'fNo, no, Harold,' the girl interposed, passionately, and no-v she snatched her hand.. from his grasp. '; You have deliber .. a^ely, ojuelly deqeived me., But I have kept my discoveries to . myself until this moment; JN'ow, however, I will speak at \- last. ??:...'?. . ...? ;. V' Qr» the very night of Molanie's arrival at the« Hall; she met you : as you rode down the avenue. I. am certain of that ! Stay ! \- Dp .not interrupt please, until; you have 'heard me out.. You and, she came to some kind of understanding that Dight, and on the following day you went through the 'despicable farce of a formal introduction, making me the agent of your unprincipled plot,. , Every day — every hour — that en sued,] oonfirmed my suspicions, more and more: convincingly, that you and Melanie had known each other before. . .'?' Then .Alan,'. Graham appeared, and it was quite evident that your jealousy was aroused j and still— 3till I conquered my feelings and said nothing of thi-». I saw you and Melanio oa the bridge up there, ou the afternoon following oar, visit to the Vicarage. ? 'But I need not enter into farther de tails. I have said sufficient, Harold, to Bbow. yoi I am tho'ou--hly alive to the humiliating position i » whicb you have d-- Hbt rately placed me.-. As for your vo^s— - yoAJt.jfotBBtstiona aati so foitb—I cpasidtjr them as insults to me4 now ! You h'ijvye been false! to ,them and to me, Harold,, and 'you cannot— yon dare not-depyifc 1' Her vbicB- faltered, .and almost . brpke ,dpwn, as. the last words ; passed her lips. She tamed away her haadatid leaned' tremblingly ^against the. woodwork of the entrance to: the Bower. ? - ? A little silence followe,il, Then, in;.a voice hoarse and unsteady j Harold Bpoke'again. ?-?.?? : ' I do not deny that I have .practised; a deception towards; you, Alice,'* he said. ''But I am not altogether the unprincipled coward- that you i appear; to think. .It is true that I. had met that girl before she came to the Hall— met her abroad,; some years ago, when I was Harold: Vance, lead ing my Bohemian life- on the Continent. Bat although we were thrown together for a, time, Alice — she and I— X . never really loved her. She may have fascinated me— bat that was all. Then I lost; sight of her -4-1 came to the Chase — I met you, and I knew what love' was at last—- — ' ; 'Spare me this, Harold,' Alice . inter-, posed bitterly.- 'I desire no such pro fessions as these.' ; Her face was still averted. Harold Bering felt that he dared not attempt to draw it toward him— -at least, just yet. . ; 'Judge my amazement, Alice,' he re sumed, still in that hoarse,, agitatad voice, 'when this girl suddenly confronted me in the moonlight, as I. rode away from the Hall that night !- I was thunderstruck; and when I realised the fact that she had come to visit you, I endeavoured to reason with her and to convince her that, under the circumstances, the only satisfactory cuurse open to her was to return at once to France. ? ' But she would not listen to this. She Said she loved you more than her life— and so on. You know, yourself, I dare say, the exaggerated way she talks. The gist of the interview was that she refuser) positively to leave the Hall, and. then— j- tiien, Alice, there was nothing ... for. it bu that she and I should meet on the fol lowing day as strangers to each other Ij know I was weak, in thi&j; but I could not bring myaejf to explain the case to you. Melanie promised to conceal our former acquaintance — and she did so. As to that meeting1 on the bridge, I swear to you, Alice, that ? ' ; 'Enough, enough. I will not listen to another wprdT', Alice. ,oried, and now again she turned to him, and her eyes were fixed i fearlessly upon his quivering face. . ' You do not know me, Harold, if you think that I am one to accept this explana tion, and tamely submit;, to gloss over everything1, and, as you said iust now, forget the episode; ever .occurred. , .Never, , never ! I have been mistaken in you— utterly mis taken. You have basely .deceived me, Harold. All is over between us for ever. Our engagement is. at an end now, indeed!' ; She was hastily removing the ring from, hur finger, bat' Harold. again grasped her hund and held it between both of bis. \ 'Alice, you shall not remove, that rings! You . will not.allovy-; this passing misunder standing— for it is nothing else— to ruin your. Hie and mine for' ever.' ' ' And do you think,' she said slowly, her voice fall of bitterness, her large, dark-, blue eyes gaziug reaolutely into his, ' can yoja be so blinded as to think that I could ev.er again feel, to you as I have feltr-rrer imembering this deception, and the undeni able fact that that girl had become between your, heart and mine ?' , : '' Bat that i3 false, Alice !' he cried at once. ' I ; never ' loved her. Now I feel that I loatbe her very memory,' 'Yes; because she cast you over and wept off with another,' Alice answered, with bitter scorn in every word she spoke. ?' ^T-hy, it was ludicrously apparent to me for-the past few days — every incident con firmed tho truth. And. now this miming —what further proof is wanting ?' she continued, her glance rapidly sweeping over him from head to foot. ' Tf what I charge you with is false, why do I find you here, in this' state of agitation — :of utter de spair ?' : ' Because — because, Alice— I knew cir cumstances seemed to b» against me,' h(- noawered feehiy and hurriedly. ' T know what your suspicions werfl, and I nppH* hended just such an unpleasaut scene us \,hh.' ?? .'?' Oh, Harold, speak truth, at all events — if you cap,' she said ; and the sudden c»ltnn'8a »f li^r voice no* atruok upon hi ear mor(e p;«iufully than hi r former bi:,tor nesa aad eoorn. 'I am speabipg truth ! jAHpe, I love yqu, ; and; you ibnly. Give me £Qne. chance more— rjust one. ! Dp npttrdo not' — and his. voice brokej into /passionate pleading — *' do riot be merciless, Alice. Dp.nqt con demn me to this future of misery and :;de;spair !'\\. ,. . ... - ; 'Orioof remorse— which?' she answered, -her voice almost inaudible, as she; turned quickly from him, and rapidly removed the ringfrfpna'hpr finger. ; .'.': She- felt that her strength was foiling her, and she -knew that if she lingered any lpnger'here,. she could not answer for the results of-her wretched weakness. ' JJpthing can alter my decision, Harold — npthing. All is at an end between us, for ever/' : She placed the ring on the bench :;where he; had/ been, seated a few minutes before ; then; without again looking at -him, she turned away and was gone. CHAPTER XIX. : MRS. LAWLESS BEINGS THE NEWS. Just about, the same time that .Alice and Harold were undergoing the ordeal of their bitter interview together, George Fenton and his sister Ethel, in the morning room at Teigncroft, were also engaged in a by no means pleasant conversation. ' This is all your doing, Ethel !' George Fenton was saying, as he walked up and down the room, his hands thrust into his coat-pockets, his honest face full of indigna tion. 'You should not have spoken of that French : girl to . Alan Graham an you did yesterday afternoon. It was no busi ness of yours, at all events !' ???'-« Wellj he brought it on himself, George,' Ethel retorted hotly. ' He was continaally thrusting her down one's -throat, and I really couldn't stand it any ldnger ; so I told him briefly what my opinions were of Mademoiselle Melanie Garaye I. Then^he lost -big .temper, and told us that he\yas just going to ask her to marry him, and away he went.' ' And, 'naturally enough,. he didn't care to comeback here— when -he was treated *o badly,' George, said, with rising indigna tion. -M So he simply sent up a note last night fcy the lodge-keeper, to the effect that he waa returning to London, and thence to the Continent, and that he wished his portmanteau and things to be forwarded to trte old addreas. I must say, I feel quite ashamed of you, Ethel. You appear to forget that Alan Graham was our invited guest.' . ' And you appear to forget,' his Bister snapped, ' thaiTHilda has been placed in a jice.position by your ' invited:. gijest.' T But^ I can quite believe,' Ethel added,, with a scornful shrug of the shoulders, ' that you were altogether too dense to so much as perceive it!' ???.:?: ; 'To perceive, w.hat?' George asked. blankly: ' I'm. sure I don't know what you mpan, Ethel. What's that you say about Hilda?' . '? 'I thought so!' Ethel scoffiid. 'I really don't know whether you deBerye to, be told it even ! now, since you had not common intelligence enough to. see it for yourself ! However, in s*»lf-defence, I foel called upon . to:speak. You are not aware, then, that your invited guest, made lpye to Hilda, when . firRt he came, and afterwards threw her over in the moat; shameless way, for—for that little French rriinx !'- ;. ' Oh, absurd !' cried George, greatly, re ilieved, for he had apprehended some. very, dreadful revelation. ' That's just the way of you girls all ther world over. If a man. is only commonly civil to. you, you at ,once jump to the conclusion that he has ?j intentions,' whereas his intentions are, in .plain truth, , simply ? to, make himself as tigree!able as he can, and as the rules of oiyiiised SQciety require of him.' . i ' George, you are a . ;dowiiright fool ! I ^annot starid you !' Ethel cried, as , she \yhjsked put, of , the room, banging the un offending door behind [her. ' : '''i?hew!'' whistled George, after, his de parting si&ter; ; but his. kind face clouded again in a moment, for he was vsry fond of Alan Graham, arid his friend's sudden and unexpected departure had considerably upset his mind. j 'And what of the French girl, I won der?' George Fenton speculated. /'.Did Alan really pop the question, after all ?' His ; curiosity on this point was d«stined to be eratifiVd some liours la^or, when Mrs. Tjuvless and Eauna dr.'.vi- np in the po.ny | rap to the front door. Scarcely waa the Vicar's wife seated in the drawing-room, whon ahe began to uuburthen herself of her stranffo tidings. ' .I've just; bnon over at. (;b° Hall,'' she n-id. ii'l'tr'8sina;.'Eth«l and G^oyutc, t'r Hilda felt quite .unfi* to we visifcora. to-day ; 'au-i what do you .think ? But, of cotirsu, you know all abonfc it— ^surely ?' she broke off, glancing from brother to sister. '« All about what, Mra, Lawless ?' Ethel asked, in undisguised «urioaity. *' Why, is it ppigibie, my dear, you do net knpwl' And. Mrs. Lawless experi enced the full importance of being the very first to convey tha aGws. ' 'Why, Miss Garaye; — Mademoiselle (jaraye, I suppose I should say-r- haa vaaished ! She has actually eloped wifn Mr. Alan Grahami' And Mrs. Lawless, with her handsome head thrown back, surveyed feer liateners with a very dramatic pose indeed. ' By Jove I' said George. ' Do you tell me so? What? Eloped? Do you mean to say, Mrs. Lawless, the girl has run away from the Hall ?' ' What did I tell you, George?' Ejfchel cried, triumphantly. ' I knew she was a very — -very undesirable person indeed ? — and I was right.' ' But Alan did not think ao— evidently,' George retorted. ' And it never occurred to him, Ethel, to refer to you for advice.' ' Dear Mrs. Lawless, do, please, .tell me all about it,' Ethel said, completely ignor ing her brother's words, and turning to; the Vicar's wife, with a sudden access of colour in her cheeks. ' So Mrs. Lawless, nothing loth, launched, without farther delay, into her story. ' When I called at 'Verner Hall to-day,' she said, ' I little expected what I was about to hear ! But, indeed, the moment I saw Alice I knew something or other was wrong. The poor girl looked like a ghost. She must have been greatly attached, to Mies Garaye, she seems to take it so bjadly* ' Miss Garaye, it appears, 'left the; Hall sometime during yesterday afternpori,OBten sibly to take a little walk before tea,, and never returned. And last night, when Alice and her aunt entered the drawing room after dinner, lo and behold !; ihere, on the carpet, just inside .one of the win dows, lay a letter, which, I Buppose, Miss Garayo had sent . by some messenger ' or other. ..The. letter was, from, the runaway, arid was to' the effect that she was starting for London immediately with Mr. AJair Graham; and she desired Alice to send on her things, to Paddington.' ' ' ' ' ^ And did she givetno exense, no ^reason for .tins ^extraordinary step?' Ethel asked in amazement. ' Well, it appears. sh,e ^^ hiflted ,_at ^^someun- looked-fpr danger^r-spinething ^.of that kind \--and Alico teljs i me ,'tnat ^^a/F.renchman, a former aoquaint^tice pj M^ss Garaye's^came : to^the, neighbbr^bod, a, few, days; agpj and that Miss Garaye, had a very particular '.'pp-;j ijeotion to encountering him. This doubt less was the ?' unlooked-for danger ' which she wished to avoid.' ; '.Worse and, worse !' cried Ethel, with another. triumphant glance at ;G;Bprge. 'Ob, Mr. Lawless,' ?' whati a character to' have thrust upon us !vI w.ondbr at Alice Verner introducing such a person into our midst. ,1 really do(;!'V : ';. ' .;.;-' f ' But l|i8S Garaye came j-o ,t]be Hall without, havmg; been invited,' Emma La.w less.put in here,- , ,..- ' Whiqlj m^kes.aU the differ,ence in the .world,' George said. ' Yon i, could ^ hardly expect each a girl as Alice Veriier— so gentle and kind-hearted and considerate, to everybodyr-to .turn a former acquaintance out of the house! And, if it. comes to that,' George added, sturdily, ''Miss Garaya was a very attractive girl, altogether out of the common. , I'm sure I pnly hope she'll make poor Alan a good wife. He deserves it, anyhow, for his pluck, poor lad.' ??'. And aboutthis. Frenchman, Mrs. Law less ??' Etbei, said, 'again. ignor.ing her brother's speech. ' I wonder who w.as he ? Is he still in the neighbouihood, do you think?' , ' No, Ethel. I tave ascertained that he went away this very morning. In fact,, I drove round by the; village Just now, and icalled a^ the *Fpx arid Hounds,' and asked a few; qufistions of ,Mrs Jones. Just such a person, as Alice described did arrive, a couple of days ago, and made some inquiries as to Vernpr Hall and its Inmates. Mrs. Jones said she could haj-dly under stand him. at all ; he spoke English so badly. She did not know his name, and this morning he drove away to the station,' 'So Miss Garaye has given him the. slip, I suppose,'' Ethel saiy, with compressed lips. ' Sho is 'a woman with a post* most likely.' 'I must .say I, think, that is, a- very « uncalled-for ami very unkind w»y to talk of Alan Graham's intended wife !'.'. Gflonra oried, warmly ; and Mrs. Lawless looked admiringly at him, as he spoke. Since the Vic tr'a wif* h«d abandoned nil liop*3 of eoourinf; Havold Dwine; for Efuvu;t, th« id^n hai begun to duwn. upon .hoc tb,at-. Qeoryo FeritpB would not lie, by uvy vsams. an unsuitable husband for her plain fea- ; tared daughter. She determined to work Tip the matter without delay, and had already been planning sundry little in: formal afternoons and evenings at the Vicarage, during which George and Emma could be thrown together in a more familiar way than larger gatherings would permit. The prospect seemed an encouraging one, and Mrs. Lawless smiled as it flashed upon her again now ; but, alas ! she was unaware of the fact that George Fenton had met Noll Graham, Alau's elder sister, in town during the previous season — that his dreams had ever since b'en haunted by the fair, sweet face and blue-grey eyes' of the High land girl, and that he was looking forward eagerly to meeting her again. ' But I wonder your friend, Mr. Gra ham, told you nothing of this,' Mrs. Law less said, addressing George. ' The only thing he told me was that he ?was going to ask the girl to be his wife,' George answered. ' He did not return to the house after leaving here yesterday after noon. He sent ap a note from the lodge last evening, to the effect that he was going to London by the night train. I went down to the lodge, but he had already ? gone, and I went out on the road and stood hesitating for a considerable time as to ?whether I should follow him or not. Arid while I stood there Harold Dering came along, and I told him all about It, and he and I agreed that, as things had come to pass, it was as good to allow Allan to see his fancy out, without interference.' 'And I think you were perfectly wise there, Gaorge — as you always are, indeed,' the. View's wife observed. Mrs. Lawless took her leave by and bye, and Ethel went upstairs at once to her Bister's room. She found Hilda seated in an arm-chair, her slender hands folded listlessly in her lap, her dark eyes bearing the unmistakable traces of recent and bitter tears. Ethel Fenton was really fond of her sister; but at the sight of Hilda's distress just now a feeling of indignant pride got the better of affection. ? ' Come, come, Hilda,' she said impa tiently. ' This is utterly ridiculous of you ! Do you know whom you have been shed ding tears for, pray ? No, you don't ; but I will tell you. You have been eating your heart oat for an utterly unworthy, unscru pulous man. He came here and won your affections, and then neglected you and threw you over, and he has now gone off to London with that, little foreign adven turess, who, I am perfectly certain, is no better than she should be.' Hilda uttered a lovv cry, and her clasped hands fell apart as she scared at her sister,' a look of. incredulity in her eyes. ;' Gone with her, Ethel? Thea he has carried out — — ?' He voioe failed her, and the words died away with a gasp. ' Yes ; he has carried oat his extremely impertinent announcement of yesterday afternoon ?' Ethel answered, working her self into a rage at the sight of Hilda's dis tress. ' Mrs. Lawless has just been here, and has told us tbe shameful truth. It appears some Frenchman — -a former lover, I daresay, or, perhaps, indeed, the husband of this precious being ! — came to the village to hunt her up. So there was nothing for it but to take herself elsewhere with the least possible delay — and she has done, so.' ' Oh, Ethel .'—and doe«— doe3 Mr. Gra ham know of this ?' Hilda gasped, with pale lips. ' 'About the lover — or whatever he is ? Not very likely I should say!!' was' Ethel's bitter rejoinder. ' Serve him right, though, all the same,' she added, relentlessly. ' But — but think of the shock to him if he discovers anything like that I1' Hilda aaid, with a suppressed sob. 'Ethel, I am not so unjust — so selfish and ill-natured — -as to wish any evil to him, because of — of my own folly. Yes ; I see now plainly that Alan was not to blame. He never in tended to deceive me. He meant only to be kind and friendly to George's sister — that was all.' ' Hilda, you don't deserve sympathy 1' Ethel cried, more and more indignantly. 'I only wish he had dared to pay his attentions to me ! I promise you he should not escape quite so easily as this !' CHAPTER XX. ' HAEOLD LEAVES THE OHASB. It was a gloomy time at Verner Hall, and even Miss Kutherine's good spirits began to flag as the days and weeks went by, and there seemed to be no prospect that the estrangement between Alice and Harold would be satisfactorily bridged over. Alice had given her kind' hearted aunt but an im perfect, explanation of the matter, and, Misa Katherine was forced to suspect that her niece was keeping back her own chief reasons for her altered demeanor towards Harold. The invalided Squire spoke of the affair, one October dav, to his daughter. He was very fond of Harold, whose grand uncle had been an old friend of Mr. Verner's. This sudden break- off of the engagement had been a great shock to the Squire. His thin face and hollow eyes seemed to Alice to have grown more start ingly wasted and sunken daring the weeks that had elapsod since her final interview with Harold Dering in Mona's Bower. ' I wish you would tell me the full truth, my dear,' Mr. Verner said earnestly, ' Then I could judge whether you were really justified or not, in your— to my mind — very extraordinary course of action as to Harold.' But all such entreaties were in vain. To no one living could Alice bring herself to reveal her bitter story. Day after day, since her late meeting with Harold, had the conviction strengthened within her that he had deliberately and cruelly deceived her— that he had really loved Melanie, and that a feeling of remorse ful compassion — hateful thought ! — had im pelled his renewed vows to herself. Within her own heart, however, she resolved to look this humiliating secret, and her father's request she was thus compelled to refuse. 'Sometime or other I may tell you everything1, papa,' she -said, with averted eyes. ' I know you will not urge me to do so now — seeing that the subject is so very painful to. me.' 'But, my dear, my dear' — and her father's kind voice quivered — ' what I fear is, that you are allowing some foolish fancy or other — some petty ' lover's quarrel — to assume the proportions of an insurmountable barrier between Harold and yourself. I have known of more than one foolish girl, Alice, in my own experience of tbe world, who suffered just such an absurd misunder standing as I suggest, to ruin her hopes and prospects, and who bitterly regretted her foolish conduct — when it was too late.' For one moment Alice seemed to heei tate, and her lips trembled a little— then again the rush of bitter recollection swept over her mind and heart, and her face har dened. 'I only wish this were what you call 'a petty lovers' quarrel,' papa!' she an swered, in a very low but steady voios. ' How quickly — how gladly wonld I not patch it up again, if suoh were the case !' The words — so quietly spoken, with such a ring of genuine regret and sadness, yet firmness, in every tone — convinced thf Squire that Alice fully believed, at all events, that she had. sound reasons for her conduct. He sighed heavily and was silent. 'Well, my dear,' he said, after a long pause, ' I shall say no more. You seem to know best yourself. Bat if Harold Dering has acted in any dishonorable way, he must bo very unlike my old friend Charles Dering — one of the noblest-hearted men that ever lived.' After this unsuccessful interview, the Squire avoided the unpleasant topic when ever Alice was present, and it was only when Miss Katherine and himself were alone together that he touched upon the puzzling matter. ' I am quite as much in the dark as you are, Jasper,' Mies Katherine assured him over and over again. 'I too, like yourself, have long since given up questioning Alice on the matter.' ' I wonder if you were to see Harold, would he explain how it all came about ?' the Squire said, one December afternoon. 'Somehow, I shouldn't like to ask him — since Alico evidently doesn't wish it,' Miss Katherine answered loyally. And a-3 Harold has never come here since the day Alic3 refused to see him, I have noli had an opportunity of exchanging a word with him on any subject,' For Harold Dering, after an ineffectual attempt to win Alice round by means of exculpatory letters, which the girl had not answered — bad taken heart of grace, one October afternoon, and ridden over to the hall. As ho approached the house he saw Alice hastily entering the conservatory from the terrace ; yet, a minute later, ho was in formed by the footman that ' Mies Verner waa i not at home.' ., Harold started as though Wilkinson had struck him, ami for a moment he was unable to speak. 'Oh ! well, will you kindly tell her when- she returns that- — that I called ?' he ' man aged to say at last. Since that afternoon he had kept away from tbe Hall, nor did be venture to ad dress any further letters to Alice. ' Mrs. Lawless, you may be sure, was consumed with curiosity to know tbe cause of this estrangement. Alice, however, so effectually, nipped the subject in the bud when the Vicar's wife started it one day that that good lady had never since been emboldened to repeat her venture. ' It is really too bad 1' she said to Emma - afterwards. ' I am so sorry. And it must be a complete break-off, for I noticed that she was not wearing her engagement ring.' ' What on earth can have happened be tween them ?' Emma speculated, and she sighed as she spoke. Perhaps the thought may have occurred to her that had Bhe had the good luck to be engaged to Harold nothing in this wide world would have caused her to abandon her allegiance. ' I really must do what I can to bring things round again between those two poor things,' Mrs. Lawless said presently. 'I am so fond of them both — and the Chase would be so delightful a place to go to, if dear Alice were there as mistress. Let me see. This is Monday. I think I'll invite A few people to afternoon tea on Thursday, and include Alice and Mr. Dering among the party. Then, you see, they must meet in the same room, at all events, and propin quity is a great, factor in such cases- — when people are attached to each other, I mean.' Mrs. Lawless accordingly issued her in vitations on the following day ; but, to her great disappointment, a note arrived from Alice next morning to the effect that she was not feeling very well, and could not, therefore, have the pleasure of accpting the kind invitation. 'She guessed I should have Harold Daring, of course, and she evidently does not wish — or, indeed, intend — to meet him,' Mrs. Lawless said to Emma. ' Well, I've done my part, at all events, and I cannot force them together. The Fen tons are coming, however, my dear, and — and I wish you to be— ah — particularly nice with George !' 'Emma started a little, and a faint colonr stole into her thin, freckled face. 'Why so, mother?' she asked, after a - pause.. ' Oh— for reasons, my dear,' was Mrs. Lawless's oracular reply. ' Come, come, Emma,' aha added, plucking up her courage. 'Harold Dering is not the. only man in the world. If yon were foolish enough to think of him In any particular way, it is not yet too late to undo your folly. Gsorge Fenton is a very desirable young man indeed, and I am quite certain he is— so far— heart- whole. , I've never seen him pay attention to any girl — never. I don't believe he knows how !' She should have, been present when Gaorge hid met Nell Graham, in a certain cosy little drawing-room in South Kensing ton. However, Mrs. Lawless knew nothing whatever of this episode, and Bhe awaited with some eagerness — for it is astonishing how these otherwise shrewd and intelligent woman can delude themselves in this par ticular matter — the results of Thursday afternoon at the Vicarage. Alas ! for her hopes. George hardly glanced at Emma ; and when Mrs. Lawless packed the pair away to the very end of the drawing-room — on the pretext that Emma wantnd to show George a volume of v engravings that happened to be there — the young man suddenly rivetted his gaze on a Highland landscape, and thought of Nell, and was thenceforward deaf, blind, dumb, so far as the red-haired Emma was concerned. Altogether, the afternoon was a failure, and Mrs. Lawless decided not to repeat the attempt, for some little time at least. ' So the winter passed away monotonously nnd drearily enough, and early in the New Year the tidinga reached the Hall that Harold Dering had left the Chase. The Vicar's wifu waa, of course, the bearer of this, as well as of all other good or bad news ; but to Alice the announce ment was- not altogether an unexpected one. She had, indeed, received a noto from Harold during the previous wook — -a few ? lines, which ran as follows : — ' Alice, are you still inexorable ? Why not allow me a chance, at least, of explain ing the past? What my life has been since that September morning in Mona's Bower, no words of mine' can tell you. I cannot bear it: any -longer; -I shall .wai$ ', ? ju^t; 'urn «rn«»k more, in the hope that you will r- ply, in 8om« wise, to this. uote. If y-m still refuse to see mo, I shall leave the Ohaart and England. — I remain, eVer un changeably. Haeold.' A shiver passed through the girl from head to foot as she read this letter, and for a minute or two -she almost relented. ? Should she write to him and give him per ?? mission to come, to the Hall ? — thus afford-, ing him the ' chance ' he had entreated. Shft went impulsively to her desk, with tho infon'tiori of carrying out this thought, then and there ; but, as she lifted the cover to select a sheet of p*per, her eyes fell npon IWWanie's farewell letter, and instantly her pnrpoB- changed. . N -, n-'l Shi evMilel not aee him again ! B« hif- *iifuliy deceived her, and then c »UQpasH«''a '- ' h^r as a victim to this de . ceprion C uid she ever f:-rgivajjerself if she yi'ld^d now to this ignoble weakness? Thus he davs passe', and no reply from 'A ioe reached Daring Chase ;. and now, as the e'H listened to the tilings brought by the Vic*r's wif', her heart again softened, and a feelirig of unconquerable regret over-' came her. ' \nd where has he gone to?' Miss K^herine askud, with a sigh. 'He told me he intended g-- ing abroad — some'vhern on the Continent, I think; but he did not mention exactly where. And, ? by the Bye,' Mrs. Lawless asked quickly, as if to change the subject j f -r she was a '' good- hearted woman enough, and she at nnce' pTceiypd Alice VVrner's distress, 'his that. French girl .nver written since she ran away with Mr. Graham ? He, at all events, tho Fentions tell me, has not ,,'. ??written a lino to them.' ... 'Nor has she to. us,' Miss. Katharine '..??' answered. 'It is v*ry pxtrai-rdinary. Per haps Harold Dering — as he has started for the Continent— may meet them somewhere in his tfavels.'. ?' ? 'It is quite probable — the world is so small, you know,' Mrs. Lawless said, origi nally. 'And really, my dear '—turning to Alice—' if I were you, T should not bury myself alive here all this time ! You require a change, Alice. Why not pay a visit to your friends, the Montgomerys ? A couple of months in London would do you all the good in the world.' : 'Yes, Mrs. Lawless,' the girl answered, In a low voice and with downcast eyes. 'I feel that I need a change. The Mont gomerys have asked me to go to them for tho next season, and I think I shall go in May or June.' Alice left tho Jrnom a moment later, and Mrs. Lawless and Miss Katherine were alone. The Vicar's wife sighed and shook her head. ' ? ' Whatever in the world has come be tween that particular pair,' she said in a lowered voice ; ' one' thing, at all events, ? is certain. Alice loves Harold Doring still ! Her heart has not altered, however her manner towards him may have done so !' 'Poor Alice — poor darling ! I know she is suffering,' kind Miss Katherine an swered. 'I am so glad, Mrs. Lawless, you encouraged liar to go to the Mont gomerys. She badly needs a change.' S- the months crept on uneventful enough ; and early in June Alice Yerner left tb« Hall at last to spend a month or two wit.h her friends in South Kensington. ' You will not b» too lonelv here, Alino,' MrR. M intgoniprv bad written a we^k before. ' Nell find J-anie Graham are also coming, and Malcolm, their youngest brother, with them. I think you have never met him' (2*o be continued.) 