THE DEVIL'S HEAD. CHAPTER V. ORIANA'S MESSAGE. The morning after his meeting with Oriana, Rigel strayed away from the terrace of the castle into the gardens, when coming to a broad plateau he was suddenly confronted by a magnificent view lying beneath and beyond him, of wide- stretching valleys, with their homesteads and villages backed by woodlands, the whole enriched by the Rhobell, the Snowdon, and the Cader Idris mountains towering against the clear blue grey of the distant horizon. He looked over the land with searching eyes. As far as he could see, it all belonged to Philip ; not anyone who lived in those valleys and tilled the soil and paid him a rental that helped to swell his income to thirty thousand a year, an immense sum surely for one individual. At that moment, Phillip was going over his accounts with his agent in his practical and orderly way as he did in all things. His mornings were totally devoted to business. Regularly as clockwork, the steward called on certain days for consultations with the new baronet, who he found was as shrewd as his predecessor. Rigel was therefore free to spend as he pleased the hours between breakfast and lunch. During the early days of his stay he had delighted in wandering about and examining the castle, traversing passages hung with tapestries that sometimes concealed locked doors, entering quaint suites of drawing-rooms shrouded in holland, and containing strangely curved furniture, spinets that had given no sound for centuries, spindle-legged card tables where fortunes had been lost and won, and spotted mirrors that had reflected the beauty of the women of the house. Entering these silent apartments, through whose shuttered windows, faint and shadowy lights gained a grudged admission, in whose atmosphere the smell of dried rose leaves still lingered, it seemed to Rigel as if he had stepped into bygone ages and mingled with a past that had little in common with the present. And so strong did this impression gain upon him, that on opening one of these heavy oak doors he would not have been surprised to come upon a company of ghosts in hoop and powder, in silken hose and satin breeehes, with waving fan and enamelled snuff box in hand, with high-heeled shoes and dangling swords clinking on the waxed floor, as they curtsied profoundly or trod the stately measure of a dance. The place that most impressed him however, was the picture gallery that ran along the whole western side of the castle and continued little else save family portraits. Here were statesmen and soldiers, courtiers that had been favourites of a king and even admirals that had won famous victories. And with them were their wives in every variety of costume, belonging to every reign. They were all his ancestors ; he had sprung from them, their blood was in his veins. He could not help feeling impressed by the pride of ancestry, by the knowledge that through a Iong line of illustrious men he could trace his family until its origin was lost in prehistoric times. Nor could he help admitting to himself that since his arrival at Redcliffe Castle his impressionable mind had undergone some change. For the first time he entered one of the magnificent homes for which Great Britain is famed ; he had experienced its manifold comforts, and admired the simple dignity of its order. His love of luxury was gratified by the stately rooms he inhabited, by the massive silver of the table service, by the surroundings that everywhere bore evidence of an ancient splendour, by the loyalty of the service given by those whose forbears had for generations been servants of his race. The stable with its horses was at his service ; the fine old library invited him to explore its unknown riches ; an excellent cook added something to the enjoyment of life. And everyone he encountered, tenant or townsman, treated him with friendly respect ; for to them he was a scion of a family connected with and served by them for centuries. All this was widely different from anything he had experienced a month ago, and from what he would again know in a few weeks. In a great city he would be one amongst a crowd, for whom no special consideration would be shown. There would be no home life for him. He would live in a second rate boarding-house, eat, beside any man or woman who could pay for a meal, be served by a slipshod waiter with soiled linen and dirty nails, to dishes whose poor quality would be concealed under a richness of seasoning. He would ride on a tramcar or omnibus. True, he need no longer struggle for his daily bread, as the three hundred a year he inherited would support and allow him to choose what work he pleased. But what was three hundred a year in comparison with thirty thousand combined with a home such as Redcliffe Castle ? With a smile of self-pity, he remembered the idea instilled into his youthful mind by his poor foolish father, that he, Rigel, would one day inherit his uncle's title and property ; and for a moment he allowed his imagination to dwell on what might have been. With a pardonable pride, he felt assured he would do justice to the position. Phillip hardly looked the part. He had no dignity, and he scarcely appreciated his surroundings, perhaps because he had been used to them all his life. What a piece of ill luck it was that Sir David had married a second time, that Phillip had ever been born, in fact that he (Rigel) was not lord and master of Redcliffe Castle. How different he would make the place if it were his. He pictured to himself the wainscoting of the vast hall reflecting the ruddy glow from great log fires in winter time ; the drawing rooms stripped of their holland coverings and brilliant with innumerable wax lights ; the ballroom crowded with gay dancers ; the dining table surrounded by beautiful women and distinguished men ; and he the master of all, able to direct their pleasures and follow his own by reason of his vast income. Alas, all this was but a dream—a dangerous dream which had better be banished from his mind. But so forcibly had it taken possession of him this morning that, without heeding where he went, he wandered out of the garden into the shrubberies and down into the valley. As he still mechanically took his way along a narrow path, a shrill sharp cry fell upon his ears. He turned to the right, from where he believed it to have come and found himself close by the great jutting boulder which he rightly inferred was the Devil's Head. As he looked upwards he caught sight of a woman's figure, standing in what seemed a perilous position and waving something in her hand. Instantly he recognised the figure as that of Oriana Claypole, and he remained stationary in his wonder at seeing and hearing her call to him. Before he could move she called to him again and then began to descend. This not only surprised, but startled him ; for it seemed dangerous that she should rush down an apparently trackless declivity. He shouted and raised his hands by way of begging her to go back, but if she heard or saw him, she took no notice and continued her way, now running a few steps as if impelled forward, pausing to grasp at shrubs, and making wide circuits as if following a path. He hurried forward aud reached the point of her descent as breathless, flushed, and no longer able to control herself she rushed into his arms, where he held her whilst her heart beat tumultuously against his own. Then she raised her eyes to his slowly. For a second he was aware that her pupils diluted with a sense of sudden, uncontrolled joy, that he was conscious his own reflected. Then, an expression of confusion and dismay swiftly spread over her face and he relaxed his hold. " Pray forgive me," she stammered in evident embarrassment. " I thought you were Philip ; I did not realise until this instant that it was you." " We are about the same height and build," he answered, anxious to cover her confusion, " and seen from a distance -" " Yes, that was it ; I ought to have looked, but I dared not take my eyes from the path," Oriana agreed. " Was it not dangerous to run down the side of that precipice ?" he asked, desiring to give the conversation another topic. " Not as much as it would seems. There is a path that I know pretty well. I have often run down the Devils Head before now," she replied, laughingly. To Be Continued. 