CURRENT TOPICS, English 'Ma'ils.-The R.M.S.' Hima laya, with English mails dated August 4 on board, reached Albany, W.A., at 3 a.m. yesterday. 'IThe Tasman;aan por tion is due here on Tuesday evening per s. Flinders via, Devonport. Trevaillyn Postal Facilities. - The postmaster has had a. pillar box placed in position Oit Trevallyn, in close proximity to the firebell sta?tion. The box will be cleared daly at 10 a.m. and 5.30 p.m. Holy Trinity. Church.-A- sacred concert will be given at Holy Trinity Church on Wednesday evening next in aid of the choir fund. Leading vocalists will assist, including Miss -Beatrice Ferguson and. Mr. G. R. Thomiluason. Police Court.-The only case before this court yesterday morning wtis a charge against a manu for having al lowed a dog to be at large without being under control, and a fine of 5s was imposcd. The Police 'Magistrate presided. Cablel Restrictions Rea?oved.-The follbwing notice, received from FMel bourne, was posted at the Electric Telegraph Office yesterday:-"Spanish Government South Philippines accepts and delivers code telegrams subject in all cases to censorship. Lines to .Iloilio and to Cebu working well., Holiday in Soutli Australia. ' The following notice from Adelaide was posted at the Electric Telegraph Of fica yesteaxlay:-"To-day (Thursday) being Eight Hours Day, all telegraph offices in South Australiau will be open from S.30 a.m. till 9.30 anm., and be. ;tween 6.30 p.m. and' 7.30 p.m." General Hospital.-The strength re turn of the General Hospital for August shows that: there were 71 patients in the institution on the first' of that month, during the currency of .which, 79 were admitted, the total treated, being. 150. The discharged totalled 66,and six died, -leaving 78 last 'night. The Convent ]all.-His Excellency Lord Gormanston, accompanied by La?dy Gormnanston, and a vice-regal party from Government House, will arrive in Launceston on Saturday to attend the Presentation Convent 'silver jubilee ball, which takes place in the Albert Hall on Monday evening. Sir Edward and Lady Braddon will also attend. Elaborate preparations are being made for the occasion, and a very large attendance is antici pated. Special train arrangements for country visitors are announced, Catholio Apostolic Church.-On :the occasion of opening the new church building in Margaret-street a sermbu wvill be preached by an evangelist on special mission on Sunday evening next at seven o'clock. His subject will be "The fourfold ministry of our Lord Jesus Christ prefigured in the Garden of Eden." All seats are free. Sale of Gifts.-Yesterday afternoon a fancy fair and sale of gifts, organ ised 'by the Presbyterian churches in aid of the Tasmanian and New Hebri des missions, was opened at. the Albert Hall by the Mayor (Alderman S. .T. Sutton). The affair was arranged on an extensivo scale, an.d. there was a large attendance, both in the after noolr and evening. The takings for the day amounted to about £ 180. A Bolt.--Yesterday afternoon a horse attached to a vehicle belonging to Mr. S. Yates left the Westbury railway station yard of its own' ac cord, and veant along the main street, bound for its home. At first it went at a walking pace, but gradually in creased this to a hard gallop, at which speed, it went a distance of about one mile and a half, steering through two gates and round a corner without fur ther damage than a broken trace. Laughing Jackasses. - By the steamer Coogee, which arrived yes terday from Melbourne, a rather novel importation was made, when two pairs of laughing jackasses arrived to the order of Mr. C. Burbury, of Andover. These birds, which are very rare in Tasmania, are numerous in Victoria,. and it is reported that they cost about 15s per pair. It is understood that the birds are to be liberated on Mr. Burbury's estate. Mole Creek-1West Coast Railway. -. During a conversation with hMr. R. J. Sadler yesterday a representative of the "Examiner" was informed that the Tasmanian, Central and West Coast' r'ihvay had been definitely withdrawvn on certain conditions. A combined effort will n;ow be madb to' secure the passage of the Great Mid land and, West Coast lRnaihvay Bill for the construction of the line from'Mole Creek to the West Coast, and it is expected that this nanalgamation will considerably strengthen the hands of' Mr. M. T. Clarke, M.H.A., who has cha:rge of the measure. Intercolonial Band Contest. - A meeting of ladies, convened by circu lar, was held in the Town Hall yes terday afiternoon., when the Mayor (Alder man S. J. Sutton) occupied the chair. Several proposals were dis cussed, after which, at the suggestion of the Mayoress, it was d.ecided' to meet again on Friday week, when a large number of ladies who were un avoidably absent yesterday will attend and furtiher discuss matters. lit is. anticipated that a very large measure, of support wi11 be obtained from this E quarter towards finding' the £100 re quired by the association to place the venture on a sound footing. What's in a Name.-The native Sservants in, Hawaii used to address their mistresses as they heard other members of they household address them, not infrequently calling them by their first navmes. According to the 1 "Argonaut," nm Englishwoman deter \- mined on her arrival in Honolulu that' her servants should never call her Mary, 'nnd instructed' them carefuilly Sin the presence of her husbandl One r day, when she had visitors, her cook' put his head in nit the drawing-room door, and politely enquired, "What' vegetables for dinner to-day, my r love?" He: had heard her called that, and seemed proud of remembering not to say Mary. Venue on 'Change'.-About' nobn yesterday quite a number of persons. on the Exchange corner had their at tention! riveted on a bright star in the north-east sky, and marvelled at its visibility in the daytime. M?r. A. B. Biggs, our local astronomical' authority, was interviewed, and ex plained that the attraction was the planet Venus, which could be seen shining very brightly every evening in .'the western sky, and was then On its diurnal course. The planet could be seen during the' afternoon travel ling slowly in a northerly direction, and as night closed over the city it again shone brightly in the west. The t sky in the morning happened' to be t very clear, hence the unusual sight. Narrow Escape.-Major - General Rundle, R.A., who had a nai'row escape of going down with a gunboat as Shendy, on the Nile, is Adjutant-Gene 1 ral of the tgyrptiln army. He acted 3 as Sir Herbert Kitehener's chief of a staff in the Dongola. canmpaign of 1896. I and was specially promoted fMajor- General for distinguishedl service in i the field at the early age of 40. He , is again acting as chief of staff. Prince' t Christian Victor, who was also in a Ssimilar plight, is' the eldest son b?i SH.R.l. Princess Christian of England'. (Princess Helena), and is a captain in the KIing's Iloyal Rifle Corps, the old 60th Rifles'. HIe obtrined a brevet-ma joriity for services in. South Africa dur ing the Rillhodesian risings. He is at tached to the Sirdar's staff. Liass Nellie' Archer's Beneit. The promoters of thle complimentary fare. wvell con~cerkt thart is to be tendered to Miss Nellie Archer, prior to her depar ture for the old world, yesterday re celved .a reply from the Mayor giant ing a substantial concession in re gard. .o ·the terms for the use of Albernt Hall, and, as a gentleman has kindly offeraed to pay the remainder of' Sthe fee,. the expense on this account to the cbmmittee will be nil. Tihe date. of the concerl has been fixed for Wed nesday, 21st inst., and as leading voca. lists have promisedl their assist~ance a capital programme should be. presen ted. Mr. F. Back, Genenal' Manager of Railways, has been approached, with a view to running special trains on the-. 'occaston. '.. iji end the Canadian Mail Steam .ers;--Tlms a eorrespondent in 'the Fiji "Times":--"Are the colonists]. to Squietly swallowv tlhe injustice it is. Sproposed to' deal. out to our already harshly-treated colony, or are we to. I give our tacit consent to the opinion I of the H-ome authlorities and allow b the Canadian- Australian mail steamers to witlhdraw from Fiji simply be cause the colony is told that the Spaltry subsidy of £ 1500 is to be with held after June next? What are our 1 principal colonists thinkidng about? Where are our business people, the SChamber of Commeree, and public bodies? The ,time has come when some concerted action mnist be taken, and. I hope the Fiji 'Times' will oonltinue. to vent this all-important question. SIf Fiji loses tihe service of this line of mail steamers, it loses one of its most important factors as a British colony." C. C. Funk Wreck.—A delay has taken place in the departure of the steam yacht Nellie for Flinders' Is- land, in consequence of the charterers of the vessel having been unable to secure a certificated engineer. Ar- rangements for securing one were, however, progressing satisfactorily last night, and it was expected that the Nellie would make a start early this morning. The ketches Welcome Home and Wave have been chartered to bring the timber from Opossum Boat Harbour to, this port. It is just possible that other vessels will also be put on. It is anticipated that the work of towing the timber from the wreck to Opossum Boat Harbour will occupy about two months, owing to the rough nature of that part of the island. Queen. Victoria Ilospital. - The weekly meeting of the committee took place at the Ministerial room on Mfondary afternoon. Present---Mes- damnes Sadler (in the chair), Bruce, Olemnons, Grieve, Haywood, Ioom, Robinson, Sutton, Styant-Browne, and Throw-er. lThe matron's report showed that two patients were admit- ted during the week, none discharged. Three infants, two, male. and one fe- male, were born; remainiing in the hospital, ten adult patients and seven infants, the largest number yet reached'. Donations are thankfully acknowledged as follow:-Fromn Mr. C. RIussen, one tin of biscuits; from vari- ous friends, useful parcel of sundries, old linen;, valance, curtains, papers, mother's gvwns, jam, currant bushes, bootees, dried fruit, and flowers; from a well-wisher, through Mrs. S. J. Sutton, 10s. Fees amounting to $2 10s were paid over to the trea- surer. Other People's Letters.—It is not generally known (says the "Postman's Gazette") that in a corner of the General Post Office at St. Martin's-le- Grand there are a staff of picked men engaged in opening other people's letters. This seems somewhat. curious, but as a matter of actual fact it has led to the arrest of more than one motorious cariminal. Whenever any crime of more than ordinary import- once is committed, the police, in the event of tWie perpetrator making good his escape, get a list of his acquaint- ance, which, together with their addresses, is forwarded to the G.P.O. Then the mails are carefully searched for any epistles directed to them. These are opened and copied before they go on their journey. It was in this way that the police discovered the ?wherenibouts of the notorious Lefroy, who murdered Mr. Gold on the Brighton railway, and that led to the arrest of James Canhan Reid, the Sogtdhend assassin'. ' "Century" and "St. Nicholas."-The 'August number of the "Cemntury" to handl is specially interesting, on ac count of some of the excellent articles it contains in connection with, the late war. Thus, we have sketches of Porto Rico, of Life in Manila, and of "An artist witha Sampson's fleet," illus- trated with some first-class engrav ings. Cuba is also dealt with, and as a contrast, to the incidents of the late war is a continuation of the ac- count of the commerce desthroyers of the War of Secession. 'There is also an account of the Arctic monument, named for, Tennyson by Dr. Kane. Some of the seven wonders of the world are also described, and the number throughout is very readable. "St. Nicholas" Is bright as usual with tales and stories written specially for the young, and not without interest to'older folk. . The "Big guns and ar- incur of our navy," the "Cradle of the cyclones," eftc., are entertaining and instructive. Australian Products. in 'Tahiti.—The British Consul at Talhiti, in his annual report, just issued, eanphasises a point or. two which Australian producers might note- with advantage. He says:-"Wlhilst' o this market Aus- tralian and New Zealand tinned meats are rapidly superseding American brands, Australian low-grade soaps, owing to the excessive use of rosin, cannot compete in price with similar goods from San Francisco. Australian soaps appear to be unsuitable to this climate, on account of the superfluity of water they are said' to contain, and to the facility with which they shrink in comparison with American articles of similar qualities." It is interest- ing to note that the imports of Tahiti show a. British preponderance. Last year the imports from Great Britain totalled £ 18,717, whilst those from 'Australia reahed an aggregate of £026,363, or' a British total of £41,000, out of £53,6608. 'dermnany's trade was represented by the comparatively small total of £5305. Playing the "Ghost"—A few nights past residents near the hospital at Bendigo (Vic.), particularly women and children, have been scared by the masquerading of some idiot as a "ghost," aind sea-eral parties, of young men have been on the "ghost's" trail. On Sunday evening (says tahe "Age") sone of those on thme watch heard piercing screans, and imnmediately a young lady ran r nmong them and fnainted. Hurriedly proceeding in the direction whene tale screams had come, they sav ao form got up in "gholstay" garments flying dotvn the. street. One of the party, who was armed with ,a gun, fired both barrels at the "ghost," who left the street and' jumpod over a fence. In doing so he left behind him his.white cover ing, which proved to be a long piece of white muxslin; similar to that used 'iiu hospitals. The muslin showed tb~s of hl;ing beene perforated with shot," but careful search revealed no signh' :of: blood. The individual, however, mananaged to escape. E.C.A. Serenadei-s.-The capable hand of entertainers knewn as the E.C.A. Serenaders presenlted a diversi fle~d programnme to the a~ppreciative audiezce of goodly proportions that assembled in the Mechanics' lest even -ing. The first portion of the enter tainment was provided by the usual minstrel half-circle, MIr. W. Fletcher acting as interlocutor, Messrs. J. C. Ford and Cecil Morris being the bones, and Messrs. F. WV. Earle and Berb. 3ulton the tanmbos, the latter making his first appearance with the Sere naders, and proving a decided acqui Ssition. Other cont~ributors were :tNssrs. C. Munro, P. Johnson, and J. North. Part 1 concluded, with, the skit .'Mesmneris'm up to date." Then followed songs, duets, and various specialties, the efforts of those already named being supplemented by Mr. C. Jordan, who gave a dance. The con eluding item was the laughable faree, "Sparkes the Banker." Mr. Stan Fletcher officiated as accompanist. The entertainment went well from start to finish, and encores were fre fuently insisted on,. Light Railways in Tasmania. Among the Parliamentury notes of the Wellington correspondent of the New Zealand "Herald" on August 3 was the following paragraph: -"Mr. L?arnach is desirous that the colony may acquire the benefit of valuable practical infor mation in respect to the cost of con struction and the working of the 2ft. gaunge light tramways that are being advantageously and cheaply con structed throughout ditficult country of high altitude in Tasmania, and, with this object, in view he asked the Government on August 2 if they would endeavour to obtain the ser vices for a few weeks of Mr. Back, of the Tasmanian Railway Depart ment The Hon. . W. all-Jones said they had a report which had been presented to the Victorian Parliament, and this Thad been looked' into by the Public Works Department, He was doubtful if they could get any further information in the direction indi cated. There would be no use in getting MAr. Back over, as he was not an. engineer. Perhaps the best plan would be for the Minister for Public Works, and perhaps the hon. member who asked the question, to pay a visit to Tasmania during the recess." That Arabic Letter.-Tasmanians in general,and Launcestonians in particu lar, have always been justly accorded credit for their invariable hospitality, but it is seldom that such novel and humorous acknowledgment is made as that just received from a Sydney gen tleman by one whose pleasure it was to show him courtesy during a recent visit to this city. The epistle is based on the Arabic letter reproduced in. a late issue of the "Examiner," and reads thus:-"My translation, of the Arabic letter-'May Mbhomet wire that the most noble finder of this scribe deliver it in such manner as it may reacl; the"Lanneest?u, Examiner," a newspaper published at this town in a beautiful island called Tasmania, be cause I feel to-night I must die from the effect of a penetration of an angry bullet from the deadly LeeQ-Metford, so deftly used against us by you foreign foes. Years ago I was a fireman on board a P. and 0. liner .boat, lopding apples at IHobart, and ran away, and to elude capture made haste across the island to Launceston. In Launceston dwells a white man named Mr. - , whom,before I leave this mortal earth, I wish to thank through this medium for all his kindness to me, a poor stranger, whilst in this ;town; but it is not to be. So, kind friend, see thhit this letter is sent to that town I meption, and that he may thus know of my last thoughts towards him. Turn my face towards Mecca. Allah is great. Fare wyell. Maluna Ahmeld. Spring Show and Horse Parade. Although a number of post entries for the TasTannian Agricultural and Pas toral Association's show onu Wednes day next are expected to-morrow, the list, as made up to last night, shows a satisfactory increase over those of last year, the totals being 134 and 124 re spectively. The show, therefore, promises, with fine weaither,to. be very successful. The' entry list is as follows:-Draught horses - Stallions, three; ditto, three year old, one;brood mares, two,; dry ditto, four; geldings, two; pair of mares or geldings, four; fillies, two; lorry pair, one; single loary horses, five; spring dray lgitto, three; a total of 27, as against 21 last year. Lieght horses-Blood stallions, four; trotting ditto, three; pony ditto, six; brood mare,one; yearlings, three; buggy horses, three; light harness ditto; nine; light hacks, four; weight carrying ditto, four; lady's ditto, three; ponies, saddle, 14 a.u., seven; ditto, 12 mu., two; ditto, pairs, four; ditto, 14 a.u., harness, eight; ditto, racing, four; hunters, 10.0, 10; ditto, 11.0, `eight; ditto, galloway, five.; trot, 14; a total of 102. nive stallions are entered for exhibition only. For the sheep dog trial, which promises to be one of the most interesting features of the show, and should be an attrac tive novelty to townspeople, there are 10 entries. Already 17 entries have been received for the S.P.C.A. prizes, but, as they do not close until Satur day, others will doubtless come for ward. The best guarantee of a musician's choice in a piano is not to notice the claim made by some people that they have tried it and are pleased with it, but to find out whose make they buy and use at their own homes. The result of such a search in Tasmania would be that nine out of ten musicians have bought a Col lard and Collard. This being so speaks volumes, and is of far more value than that of the patronage of royalty, who ac cept many gifts from maklers for adver tising purposes, and the public are thus deceived. Collard's grand and cottage pianos have stood the test of over a century, and ihey keep their tone always best.--2.* 