DOINGS. (By Somebody.) There is something in "Divine Right," although lofty socialists like Herbert Spencer, Mallock, and others laught at it. There are, and always have been, people bom into the world destined to rule over their fellow creatures. Great men, of course, with high ambitions, noble as pirations, men of great mind and splen did ideals. Men who know others, and who know themselves ; at least they claim to. You remember the First Na- poleon's analysis of his own character, before he became First Consul. He was predestined to become Emperor, almost ruler of the world, so nobody stopped him. If they had he wouldn't have been stopped, and somebody would have got "badly left." Such a man as Napo- leon knew "himself," but who, among his contemporaries, knew him? Not one, neither Ministers, Marshals, nor confi- dential secretaries knew him. Not even his valet, ncr the chap with the scimitar who used to guard his door, could have told the world anything about their im- perial master, the man of destiny, more than the world already knew. You may now, perhaps, want to know what all this is about, eh? I am going to tell you. -Our own Napoleon, our imperial ruler, "knows himself." More even than this, he knows what he looks like ! ! ! * * * * Does any man, except our local Napo- leon, know what he really looks like? Not one. I read the other morning that Napoleon Sir John went, attended by his first "aide de camp," and a few sec- retaries of legation, and one or twa pure worshippers at his shrine-these latter with an eye to the future, of course to a studio, necessarily a moral, good, Christian studio, and there he reviewed "a bust of himself." It was a bust of pure Parian marble, made of plasta". And he saw, reflected as in a glass, him- self ! Dear me, certainly not. But he saw the outward mask of a born ruler of men, the emperor and guardian of a great nation-not numerically exactly, but a nation which can boast of a new Waterworks Board, such as few nations have, and a Perth City Council, such as no other nation has, and managers of the national railways, such as no nation would wish to have. And the most ra- pidly falling revenue of. all nations. * * * * \- And Napoleon Sir John contemplat- ed the mask of N.S.J., and pronounced it an excellent likeness. And how the devil did he know it was an excellent likeness? My friend, do not ask idle and unnecessary questions. Have I not been insisting on the existence of "Di- vine Right!" and is not this example an undeniable proof of the truth of my contention! * *" * * Yes, N.S.J. knows himself, knows what he looks like, and is naturally the inheritor of " Divine Right." I don't know exactly what Divine Right is, I expect I might not even know it, if I saw it. But N.S.J. has it, any- way, and he is a born ruler of a nation, I wonder was the bust very handsome, or simply as lifelike as plaster busts usually are! Naiurally the pre-Raphael- ite features of N.S.J. would lend them- selves to the graver's chisel (or was it 'trowel in this case ?) just as his sta- tuesque outlines would stir the sculptor to great efforts in the way of a full length masterpiece. It must have been a bust very much out of the common run of busts, because intense admira- tion of its truth, and Us simple majesty, was reflected in the eye of the first aide de camp, and of each "attache." There- fore, when Napoleon Sir John pro- nounced it an excellent likeness a sigh of deep content spread itself over all their faces at His Majesty's endorsement of their opinions. What's that! Sighs cannot spread themselves over faces! That's all you know about it, I can see you've never "sized" up these things. * * * * Besides, when one wishes for his Sun- day paper purposes to indulge in poetic, similes, it is not for such as you to ques- tion them. You haven't got "Divine Right," you don't rule a great nation, and Pm quite sure you don't know what "you" look like, or you wouldn't wear those inexpressibly ugly——But there, I won't get angry. One thing is certain, it was a speaking likeness, for the Bun- bury chain glistened in its native spleln dour, and the Bunbury watch was heard distinctly ticking within the plaster of Paris waistcoat of the bust. * * r * It's really wonderful what a lot of mutual-admiration chaps these W.A. people are. It's their season for func- tions because it's generally blazing hot this time of year, and therefore the most comfortable period to wear long coats and pot hats, and to perspire freely, very freely in fact, in those; stuffy rooms which Perth is so proud of. As a rule, people who are not West Aus- tralians think very little, and care less, about the people who are West Austra- lian. So, as they are not generally ad- mired, they admire themselves. And, by Jove, dont they admire themselves! At every agricultural-hall in their bush villages, at their so-called "shows," at their ten" thousand "Ups," wherever half a score of them exist, they never tire of repeating to each other what fine fellows they are, what hospitality they are for ever bestowing. God knows where, when, or how, for no one not of themselves ever saw the ghost of it ; but they keep the old wheezes going all the' time, and their local and metropolitan publications repeat them ; and if you hadn't to pay through eyes, nose, and ears, and through every pore of your: skin, for every morsel you eat and everv mouthful you drink, you would become really impressed with the idea that you had come to make oue of a very fine community. I "should like Sir Thomas Lipton to come over incog, as plain Jones, say, and test the vaunted hospitality of these people. I am very much afraid be would have to buy bis three meals every day. As the great tea man, the millionaire-well, that's another story. A welcome at the Town hall on arrival, a "send-off " at the Town hall on departure, and they would tell each other in presence of the guest (I can mention instances where they have indulged in this bad taste) what fine, hospitable fellows they are, and how no better lot were to be found anywhere. ***** And they have a Zoo, and an Obser- vatory, and a Park, and a Mint (which isn't ready yet), and a sanitary tram- way (which won't work), and a William street railway crossing, which is, per- haps, the most diabolical instrument of public annoyance ever conceived from the wooden head of man ; and they charge 3d. if you want to go on their railway station-no barrier system in' force here, mind-one is simply kept out of the station altogether. * * * * And for ever they or their Napoleon Sir John are making capital out of these things, as though they were won- ders, instead of the ordinary appurten- ances of every civilised community. * " * * * - And how and through whom have they got them? Through the gold output, and through the investment of the capi- tal of every people but themselves, and through the sweat, the muscle and brains of miners belonging to all coun- tries but their own. And in what way has Napoleon Sir John been able to find the money for all the public works he is for ever .congratulating his associates on possessing? Through the output of j gold they don't contribute to, through i the capital they have not put into their country, through the toil of miners who are not of themselves. And their flourishing industries he and they are for ever blowing about ; what of them? Agriculture? Why, with the exception of chaff, they don't produce enough for a fifth-rate town. Timber? Are not the large mills in the hands of those they look upon as foreigners. Pastoral! Why, every seven out of nine of the popula- tion depend on foreign importations of meat. They have one industry, and that's "gold" ; and that is flourishing not because but in spite of them. Do we not remember how one of their number nearly killed it, and is he not reaping tlie reward of his industry in the enjoy- ment of the best-paid billet but one in the gift of the Government 1 I do wish to heaven they would leaive off con- tinually blowing about themselves. I shall get angry some day, I know I shall, and indulge in some remarks. * * * * There was a very significant para- graph in the newspaper which 'runs the Government" the other morning. When I say significant, I mean not what it said but what it implied. It wasn't of any importance either from "Sassiety," church, or five o'clock tea and reputation killing points of view. It was merely concerning a few shameless convicts. No one in our set, yah know, who for some mysterious purpose had had their sen- tences shortened by being liberated be- fore serving the allotted time. The "organ which runs, etc., etc.," simply stated the drcumstances, of the "shame- ful ones" release from prison, without a word as to the causes, and it was evi- dently officially inspired, so as to keep from the public something the public ought to know. * * * . I have been pondering the facts and cannot arrive at a result. It was not His Majesty Napoleon Sir John's birth- day, and so no general ''amnesty" wat in view. None of the "families" had celebrated either a birth or marriages. Neither the Commissioner of Lands not he of the railways had done more than the usual weekly amount of back-scratch- ing at the wildernesses they were visit- ing (at of course, the expense of any- body other than their own), nor had Hu Majesty Napoleon Sir Johr- done a Sun- day trip back from Bunbury in a special train which the miners and other foreign- ers temporarily residing in this gtorioui western land had had to pay for. None of these startling events had happened, and yet there were the names of several prisoners "such dreadful people, you know, my dear," who had just been lib erated for reasons unpublished. * s * * * How did the miracle come about? W« know the law could not have made a mistake, and therefore that "the dread- ful people you know, my dear," could not have been wrongly incarcerated, st I can only conclude either that some Western Australian farmer at Northan or Katanning had grown a phenomenal crop on two and a half acres, or that thc "Executive" had been having a "func- tion," and didn't know exactly what il was doing. It will all come out in th« washing, however. * * * * And apropos of washing, what about that 'Busselton Butter Factory?" Hai that gone wrong like the Mint ? I wen! down to that busy hive of "commerce,' Busselton, to see the agricultural show and have a look at the splendid mach inery, partly paid for of course with mi money and yours, dear reader, churn ing the milk from seventeen hun drei cows. The only improvement whicl could possibly have been made as re gards the "show" was to have had a fe? exhibits ,: half-a-dozen would have beei better than none, as they would havi relieved the pressure on the "pub" b] varvinar the monotony. I understand i is the "intention of the 'promoters, mos of whom have fi ved in the district fros five to.¿ix hundred years, ti> ask Hi Majesty Napoleon Sir John tb put s sum of money on the next estimates b provide exhibits. Should this be refus ed, why, then, "the requirements of th district will have been, shamefully neg-] lected." Thea there will be no more | watches and chains from that part of His Majesty's dominions at all events. * * * * But we will return to the Butter Fac- tory. At least you may return, I won't. When I went to get in, I was told it "wasn't on show." The milk bad gone sour, or the seventeen hundred hadn't "come home with their tails behind 'em" or something. My friends said he I had heard the machinery was too large, and that another man had told him the cows were too small. Whatever the reasons, the denied thing hung lire, and if I hadn't seen the whole account of the "opening" in the press, I would not have believed the factory had opened yet. But won't there be some back scratching about the marvellousness suc- cess of the Busselton Butter Factory at the loyal mutual-admiration orgy? ***** Did the "butter expert" make a mis- take of two noughts in that estimate of' 1,700? Please find out for me if you can. Of course he may have included the bulls, a pure mistake, of course. At all events, these latter are not of much account at the milking-pails. If steamer: freights from Victoria and cartage from Bunbury be not too high, Busselton has a prosperous future as a butter manu- facturing city. ***** Judging by the vast importance ac- corded to it by the "press representa- tives" (which is, I am told, the pompous title of reporters in this city of names and nothing) the theft of that bit of money' from otu* Post-office might have] been an account of a treble first-class murder, the remains of the victim hav- ing been found enclosed in envelopes in- sufficiently stamped, a piece of neglect which led to the ghastly discovery. They do these accounts differently in other colonies. In Sydney oi Melbourne we should have read something like this: \--"A clerk in the Post-office received £900 yesterday to pay some of the offi- cers. He put it in a cupboard, went out for a little while,, and when he returned he found that the money had disap- peared. The police have a. clue! ! ! ! and they are following it." Of course, boiled down, to common sense, an offi- cer puts £900 in a cupboard. What follows - When he went there The cupboard was bare, And so the poor chaps get none. If he had not put it in a cupboard, but had taken the trouble to drop it in a proper receptacle for £900 of loose cash-a safe-we should not have been thrilled with blood-curdling -particulars of the method of paying salaries in the G.P.O., nor how Mr. Stevens tried the bolt (which, of course, he didn't), nor should we have palpitated with excite- ment on reading that he washed his hands before having his lunch, and, worst of horrors, had a game of quoits afterwards. To my mind, upon this awful game of quoits hinges the whole plot bf thè story. Let us reason out the situation : - . Had Mr. Stevens felt unwell he would not'have gone down in the heat to olav a game of quoits. Had he been sufficiently unwell he would not have had any lunch. If na lunch there would have been no neces- sity for leaving the room. Had the room not been left, the satchel with the money would have been left, and thus everything would have been right. Yes, the quoits did it. Never again will I touch that horribly fascinating game. ***** As a matter of fact, all that story oi carefully-watched doors is all flam, lt was nobody's business but one man's and he was at quoits and lunch. He's all right, however. He has the propel birth-mark! He was born here, anc that makes a very great difference, I cai assure you. 