THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers pos. sessed by certain natives of India,-who live up among the Himalaya mountains These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professors visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of fintlig oua, the .secret of their remarkable performances." They treated him rather scnr vily, but interested him all the sane. One day the prtofessor wanted to :exanmine some: ancient Sahskrit nianuscripts: 'Anu adept went with him to a cave wherein the the books were kept. The place was dark sisathe bottom of a well.; "Icant see to read, here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the re i ply, and immediately (the professersays) a soft Pearly light brightened the cave. He could not f tell wroene it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning. and.. high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the light you have seen have castr shalows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parrallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the ac count of the Lisbon earthquake,yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. a"In the spring of "1888 " writes: our corres pondent, "I fell Into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged ;my appetite poor, and aftsr eating I had a pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with w(jd, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depresion of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had alanys a sense of discomfort. Offtand on I continued in this way for two yearn, nothing that I took relhevinv me. At last l heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, ant pro cured La supply. After I had taken only a few t doses I found relief; my food digested, and t gradually all nervousness left me.. Although 1 f had no reason at first to feel any confidence In this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now g~adly admit its value, and its power overAiseaso. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Scigel's Curative Syrup | .I have been in the best of health and spirits. a In the. interests o sufferiug' humanity I deeon m itisadutyto send this testimony. (Signed) [ D. Gnrffiths.;l15i Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Juna eight 1893." - There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is v orth. On the other B hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will 11 answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at at his address. Finally, there is rnothing mystic or magicial about Mother Seigel's OCrative Syrup. It acts on the theory that; Snost ailments are but SI symptoms, form1s or phases of that universal 3 disease-lndigestton tnd dypepsia; it cures SI that and throws the light of health and happi- hi fiver hearts and homes where illness and"pain 'T had. cast such dark and terrifying shadows. 71 And that is why ptople believe all that is jold d of its ouccess by eager witnesses;: ' \------- 