= Notés and Anticipations. \- (By "Martindale.") The Rosehill October meeting,, to he : held to day,.(Saturday), promises to be a-success in everj way, as the entries number 136?Shid. the course is in , the best of order. Special trains will'rur direct lo the course gates. The different events may result as follow: MAIDEN HANDICAP. ? ' Keystone .....;...*...... ...";.... 1 ' -' Beachcomber ,.i ...,,*) ^.2 Betha .....líiíw 'í 3 '<'-' JToxt ll WELTER MILE.' . 'Akarini' ;\, ...'/. *. '. '. *. * * * * ~ * *"*' * 2 - iiuda ;...V...........^ 3 ' s SHORTS HANDICAP. .Mishap.;." ! ' Bridegroom . ; 2 Corrie Roy or .Nardoo . 3 ROSEHILL OCTOBER HANDICAP- . .Jean. i Shaughrauri . ;..... 2 Sam............v.....3 TWO-YEAR-OLD RACE.. ..Dewey................ 1 Lauri., 2 . Bluo and. Gold ........J.......3 PLYING WELTER. -Cm.".....i ...1 Annadour..,. 2 ' .Oliverav......«,....-.. 3 fTho A.J.C. committee met on September 28, (When, amongst other, business, .was a letter from /the Warwick Farm Club; requesting that; in view of :the-prize-money for each day's racing haying beenflowered to £300, the prise-money for the prin cipal event should, be proportionately reduced. The secretary was instructed to inform the club that the'conditlons as regards prize-money for the prin cipal event must remain as heretofore. A letter "v was also reoelved ,from the secretary of the Moore \ field Racing Club, requesting that several book makers who had taken out their annual licences, and.who.subsequently were not granted registration under thenew regulations of the A.J.C, be allowed to ply'their avocation to the end of the current yea.r. .". The committee decided, that the request could, notbe fgranted, and yuggested: that the club should return one quarter of the licence fees "re ceived. . ; The programme for the October meeting was adopted. The prize-money, ;to .be'distribútéd over five eyents-^-one of-which is a" rácé för.'2-year olds^totals £525. The Spry case. - was advanced \- another-stage/but ribtfihallydealt with. Messra. Gillies (president of tho"Northerh Jockey Club), the secretary (Mr. Mai'kwell), and Mr. O..R. Young were présent, and the evidence of T.íCúsh (trainer), 7W. Challen (jockey), aire C. Mitchell'was taken, and .the- committee-adjourned. : >- -- . . Adelaide Tattersalls Club appear. to have had. a very- successful- race meeting las¿ Saturday. To talisator business- must have- been brisk, seeing that £9806 passed through the totallsator, the best dividend being £24 9s paid over Ishmael, who won the Spring Handicap by a neck from Bide-a-wee. Most - interest was centred in the contest for the October Cup, as Princess of Wales, who is a probable" starter for the Caulfield Cup, Was sent out for it. She shaped well for about :a mile, and then .dropped out of the race, the win ner turning up in Trapper, who is hy St.'Swithin from Prairie Rose. Later on in the Spring Han dicap Trapper fell, his rider being: taken to the hospital. The other winners at the meeting were: Trial Stakes, Ishmael; Hurdle Race, Prairie Boy; Steeplechase, Darkle ; and Juvenile Handicap, Tar loch, by Broken Hill from Virago. * . For^severa! seasons past Mr. R. Wootton was one of thé most successful trainers of ponies, gal loways, and .horses. . . That he can keep up the average .was well "shown on September 29 at New castle, when horses owned by bim passed the post first in no less than four out of the five events run. The attendance at the meeting is said to have (been one of ' the best seen for some time, so _that tho club will no doubt follow up with" meetings bf this kind"üpon future Thursday afternoons, that iheing a half-holiday in the northern city. This class of meeting also will suit quite a host of horses now trained in the metrópolis,-so that, with their mominatioris '"?'?'ana'altair number of ' local entries, Igoöd fields' could always "be depended upon. : That the: little Singleton horse. Ste ward is by no means -?-, a hack humber was shown by his winning the Shorts .Handicap, / in 7 which , he cleverly defeated .SVIa'ckay.; Then Wootton took a hand, and with "his recent vpur chase, 'Sunflower,--- who is by Cran brook from Fùchsia, captured the Flying Welter, -going out favorite at 2 to 1. . In the September .Handicap, Corrie Roy led all .the way and won; but at one part of the course Crockett appears /to have left the proper track, and this being prov jed on protest, the race , was awarded-to Arden, IWho ran second. . .This was unfortunate, but Sil ,ver Fall, who is hy Niagara from Waiting Maid, and also owned by Wootton, made amends by win ning the Park Stakes; and Sunflower did likewise . jin the Welter Handicap. Sydney hackers must "thus have had a good day. " ! ¡At the Ballarat Miners' Turf Club meeting, held Tön September 30, the winners were:-Trial Han -iaicap. Tigress; Hurdle Race, Pluto; Welter Han dicap, Q.Q., after a dead heat with . Twinkle; pelling Race, Alex; Steeplechase, Rob Roy; Fly ing Handicap, Grandee. ." The smoke concert held in the Victorian Club, Melbourno, on September 28 is reported to have been a great success. The decorating, of the room came up to anything of the kind ever seen ?n Melbourne. During the evening Mr. J. L. )Purve3 gave an entertaining address on the art lpf public speaking. .' According to the secretary of the Brighton Rac ing Club, his directors have, decided to race in ïutufe under the rules of the Kensington Racing IClub; and, further, that tho elder club will adopt ^^disqualifications made by the B.R.C. Tho Oaklands Hunt Club held their annual steeple chase ou.Sepfc. 27, when it was won by Mr. Redmoua's Goodwood. \ . .' * Bo Peep, by Beauchamp, from LidyPitsford, has joined R, Wootton's ^tripg. .... At Rio iraond (Vio.) on Sop. 28 a trotting match was brought off between Cajista and Mystery. The con ditions, were mile heats, best two out of three, ?which Calista won. - . Mr. R. Wootton has sold Geology to go to North QuGÖnaland, the purchaser being Mr. E. Blnmo. \- By tho mail train for Melbourne on bept. 27 Mark Thompaon took over Syeda, ¡Sailor Boy, Longford,. Alemeno, Picture, and Loohuanita. ,T. Gough, left at the sams time with Lolumine and Katherine Wheoh Mr. Wi R. Wilson has returned from his trip to New Zealand, which .appears to hayo done him a lot ofgocd. " ~~ .The brood mare Cambric died recently at Table top.-.; .?? ? '' Tho firBt-olasB" total of 4¿9 entries was received Oy the Viotoria Amateur Turf Club for the general evonts of the spring bieoting : at Caulfield. As the fixturo will extend over three days thia year, a o om pariaxm can hardly, bo mado, but 429 was in advance of the anticipated total. , The intercolonial entries, and especially those from Sydney, are most satisfac tory, and^ everything points to a" vary sacoRsrfui carnival. Tho Windsor Handicap, rnn on the third day,-tops tho list with 5C, including 10 from Sidney, and one from Adelaide. '? r: . \- By train on Sep: 28 the following horses were font. to fulfil their Victorian engagements.: AnYberito, Blair, Cravat, Pelissier, Kirry, Stand Off,"-Howdy, and . Superior. It will not bp.at all surprising iE Blair "does the beat of the whola batch. ? ' . ."' Economic has been withdrawn from the Melbourno Cap. ; . . - ,. r Race meotings to bo hel J by the olubs afc We3t Wyalong, South Broken Hill, and Nundle have been registered. . . .. ' The' well-known mare Couhjleîé Aberdeen is to be; sent'to the stud. . \- The added money to tho Williamstown Cup will this season be 300 soya. This race generally attraots a numerous entry of Sydney-owned horses. - The names of Malata and Peerage havo boon re moved from tho Caulfield Guineas. -, Tho New Zealand horses Rex and Lady Marion left for Anokland last week. Visoouat and a lull brother to Mineral have gone' into J. Barton's stable at Redfern. V Though only lih lin, the pony Acorn, by Abercorn from Penitence, is a true- shaped little horse, and the way in whioh he won his race on Sep. 28 at Kensing ton proved that he can gallop, and is game with it. He was purchased at the yearling sale? by Mr. Gallimoro for 55 guineas, and promises to be ari excellent investments Lee Morna, Kulaui, and Mosconas hive been scratched out of the-Toorak Handicap. ' *' Goodwood,1; bf the " Ar¡rus," saya : " Ifc has boon stated that tho V.R.C. will not permit any person to ase a whip of any eorfc behind a horse at the start ing-post at Flemington. Asa matter of fact, aatook whip was nsed at the start of the Narre Warren Stakes to assist off tho mark .a horse owned by a member of the'V. E. C. committee.- This waa Patriot. It is only fair to add, however, that Mr. M'Cracken was nob aware that a whip was to be used. Carldale- has been placed under the care of W. Kelso, jun. - - . . Mr. P.' Heffernan won' a double at tho Janee Spring Meeting with J&äoo arid Homer, who between . them . captured the Trial Stakes and. Hurdle Eaoa.i According to tho well-informed- scribe, "Taranaki *' Jad'oo is a rather good sort of à 'mare, claiming ' fall, relationship to- the Yule - Cako mare, Mimosa, who - was so "useful v both on tho: flat: and .over, . country. -Mimosa, ifc will be remembered,, met with fatal injuries in the National Steeplechase in South Australia. a while baok. Mr. Heffernan, it is not unlikely, possesses a very-promising hurdler.in Homer-a. horse that ap pears well up to tho business. Homer was got by Mercury from Native Cat, and as he jumps bi¡r country even better than -the smaller obstacles, he '.ian be said to be really good property. -Kulaui and Aquilla have been withdrawn from the Caulfield Cup. * As a result of the recant agitation in the English Jockey Cluband sporting press of the country in f avor of longer distance racing, at a meeting of the English Jockey Clnb, to bo held at Newmarket in the first October week, the stewards will propose that rales 45, 40, and 47 of tho rules .of raoiag be altered to read as follow : 45. At . 0V9ry meeting advertised in the "Racing Calendar " one half of the total amount guaranteed for prizes shall be apportioned to races of a mile or over, for 2-year-olda or upwards only, and of taia half not lesa than a moiety shall bo for races of a mile and a half or upwards. 46. Tnere shall bo no race of a less distance than five furlongs. 47. The programme of each day shall ba subjeofc toihe following regulations: (1) There shall be at least one raco of ono mile and a half or upwards, and ab least one race of a milo or upwards. Neither ot these race3 shall be open to 2-jear- olds, and one of them shall be noither B han dicap nor a race with selling oanditions. (2) There "shall not be more than two races, ia which 3-year olds or upwards ore odinifcted, of loss than seven fur longs, and of these two races only ono may bo loss than six furlongs. (3) Of the races confined to 2 year-olds there shall not be moro than two raceä a day before September 1, nor more than throe a day at any time. (4) Matches and private sweepstakes may be sanctioned by the stewards independent of the above regulations. According to the "Age" Lady Lillian, who cap tured the Maribyrnong Trial Stakes at Flemington on Saturday, is a very epeedy filly. She is well grown and attractively bred, being by the recently deceased Malua Irom Naga, a mare bred in 1889 by Mr. J. O. Inglis, by Kitig of the Gipsies from Rhea, by King of the Ring from Norna, by Conrad from Thalia (imp.), by Broohet. Lady Lillian, who is engaged in the Viotoria Derby, Oa'is, Spring Stakes, St. Leger Stakes, &c;, was bred by Mr. J. V. Smith, of Linwjjod Grange, and sold as a yearling at Newmarket for 45ge, at which price she wa3 decidedly cheap. Tho filly is very much like Malua, and possesees plenty of pace, AmongBt the unplaced division Rona (sister to Bobadil) and Promontory took tho fancy chiefly; bnt Graceful (a sister to Resolute) and Lowland Chief and Cranberry promiso to be valuable when more for ward. Iho first of the Carnages is Bullet, from Zeph, a mare by First King from Yardlov (imp.), by Sterlingr, whioh Mr. James Wilson jan., bred at Queenscliff. Ho will bo served by time. Altogether, the 2-year-olds, seen out on Saturday were a taking lot. Hirundo ran his last race on Saturday. Ho injured himself by falling in the Hardie Rice at Flemington, and was subsequently destroyed. Ho was a useful sort of a horse, by Brandon from Littlo Mary, and was in J. E. Brewer's stable. A horso was also killed in Adelaide on Saturday. This was Stockings (by Hamlet's Ghost), who waa a pretty fair performer over big fence?. Fadladeen has been withdrawn-from the Mel bourne Cup. _ .- - - ' , J r ? 1 The annual general meeting of the Viotoria Amateur Turf Club members was held on Monday, when Mr. J. Grice occupied,tha chair., "According tn the report, .a profit.had been made upon each meeting held last season, with-the exception ot ?the February meeting. .The groes revenue from all sources during the year amounted to about £31,000. The club had paid away in stakes for the past season £21,SG0,-being £4651 more than last year. Since the formation of the club in Novem ber, 1875, the money added'to stakes and paid away by the club amounted -to £234,050. 'Notwithstand ing the increased amount- paid away-in stakes and improvements, the club's finances showed a credit balance,of £804 more than the previous year. The assets of the club now exceeded the liabilities by £8935. The chairman moved the adoption of the ve port and balance-sheet. He said some people cav illed at the smallness of the stakes offered by the club, but there was a reason for this. Stakes would be, increased, only the club was afraid of increasing penalties on horses "for", the . V.R.C. events. If the V.R.C. could be induced .to--l'educe their penalties, higher-stakes would be at once given by the V.A.T.C. Messrs. James Grice, J. D. O'Halloran; George Woodforde, and Norman Wil son were re-elected committeemen. Acceptances made;on Monday for the y.R.C. Derby show 'eighteenstill.left in, butthis number will be considerably lessened on finar acceptance day, as I'shall not expect to see . more than ten go to the pçist.. . : '? 'i . 1 The; wjell-rknown .mares Pretence and Slumber ?have gone on a.visit, to; Gossoon at Kirkham. -. ,j *. W. Frost,:who trains at Moorefield, has received the..following additions :¡tó his horses in training:' B fy by Alaborthy-Hathaway;. Bpnierah, by Loch eel-Ghinni Ghinni; br c, by The Australian Peer -Crystal. .. 1 .... / ..'.". A>a'ce meeting'to be held at the Rock, hal' been registered: -V- : ; . -' .' *.. .:..;..??,.':*.''. ;| According to a" wire received from ' Melbourn?,1 -Merloolas has been wlthdràwn from the ^Caulfield Cup. The horse rémains in the Melbourne Cup; and left for Flemington this week. The following programme has. been Issued by the A.J.C. for their October meeting at Randwick, entries closing on October 10:* Hurdle Race, 100 sovs, 2 miles; Stockbridge Handicap, 100 SOYS, 6 furlongs; Tyro Stakes, for, 2-year- oids, 100 sovs, colts 84t 71b, geldings Sst/41b, and fillies 8st 21b, 4 furlongs; Salisbury Stakes, handicap, 125 sovs, 1 mile and 3 furlongs; and Welter Handicap, 100 eovs, 1 mlle. Nevada has been withdrawn from the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups; and Thunder Queen, Dud dingston, and ^adolola have left the Toorak Handicap. ,\ < Mr. H. Mackellar has purchased the handsome pony stallion Guanoco, by Progress from a King ston mare. - The brood-mare Muriel has "dropped a colt foal to Niagara. - - , . ,- . ; V . Without a doubt the leading sprint handicap con tested during the summer months is the Rosehill Stakes, which this season will be run for on Decem ber 10. The added money will be;200 sôvs, with a trophy valued at 50 sovs;. distance'6% furlongs. In connection with this race there will be. a 50,000 Tattersalls swéépi .In. the_ Demonstration Handicap - at Moorefield racés "on Monday Toreador fèlL arid his rider (Brooks) had'his arm broken, arid was" taken ¿to the '. hospital. . / . . ' " . ... v-,* ' "'.¿y . That^àppears to nave been.a' rattling good gallop done -on. September 29 . at ; Flemington by Cats -p'aw,1 when "hèVbëat Wayfarer arid Patriot, co vering a-mlle in Imin 48V£sec. - 1 ? t : 