ST. JOHN'S CATHEDRAL. In tlie afternoon at St. John's Cathedral is service for tho young was held at 4 o'clock, uud was woll attendod. A mission service was hold in too streets of the East ward from 0 o'ulouk to 7.30, and at ovousong tlio sermon was preached by tlio Bishop of Now Guinea. Tho building was almost completely filled. The right rev. gentleman gave an impressive discourse from Luko xxiit. 40 — "Ho gave up the ghost." Tho lossons wore read by toe Bishop of Brisbuno und too Rov. R. H. Nowton. Tbo Bishop of Now Guinea will ocuupy tho pulpit ut tlio cathedral through out to-morrow (Easter Day). ST. STEPHEN'S CATHEDRAL. At St. Stephen's Cathedral yesterday aftor- noon in continuation of too special services of Easter week, toe usual devotions wore uurricd out. Thq building wus crowded, 11 large number huving to" he content with standing room in tho porahos. Tlio Rev. Futhor John O'Koilly officiated. A special feature of too serviou was the singing. Tho clioir sung without tho organ, and rendered the "Stubat Muter" to Grogoriuu ohuuts. In too ovening tho Tcnohrie offices, which wore commenced on Wedncsduy, woro concluded, Archbishop Dunuo presiding. There wus again u very numerous attcudnnoe. ALL SAINTS' CHURCH. Throughout yostorday speoiul sor vices were held at All Saints' Church. At 10:30, the sorvioQ consisted of matins und tlio unto-coin- muuion servico, uud ut 12 o'clock tlio torco hours' service was eommoncod, toe offiointiug clergyman boing tbo rootor, tlio Rov. F. A. Curdoiv. At 4 o'clook a children's sorvieo was hold, this boing uonduutcd by tho Rov. H. O. Beasloy, who preached tho sormon at evensong. All the sorviocs woro fairly well attended. GOOD FRIDAY AT SANDGATE. Tho fine woatlior yesterday uttraotcd a good number of persons to Sandgute, tlio number who wont down by rail being uug- inonted by tho families who travelled thither by vohiolo. Mooru Park aud Cabbiigotrco Crook were tho chief centres. Four largo omni buses convoyed tlio employees of 0110 of tho omnibus lines during tho morning, und u good day was concluded by 11 drivo homo in tho muonliglit. An uccidont happened ut tlio moil's bathing pluco under Signal row, wliioli should not as a warning to other visitors. A. man divod off too springboard into toreo faot of water, striking his head with coiiBiderablo force' und ' dislooating n shoulder. Ho wns assisted by those in too vioinity, and was afterwards attended to by Dr. Puiil. The usuul services wore hold at too Atiglioun and Roman Catholic ohurohos. 