CELIBACY OF THE CHURCH. "W. S. Lilly, nr the " Nixetbkitth Centusy." One special manifestation of tbe nicotic character of apostolic Christianity is pre sented by its high estimate of religions celibacy. The monastic institute, in which that estimate was formally era bodied, is, of course, the creation of a later age. No donbt St. Paul's teaching on this matter was influenced by his un donbting belief in the jmrmiti«. "The time is short," he tells the Corinthians. The world will endure bnt little longer. Its oonrse is well nigh run. Christ will soon return. And in view of His appear ing, what does celibacy or marriage matter ? But apart from this thought, which was habitual with hint, it is tri dent that he distinctly beld voluntary chastity a higher condition than wed lock. And in bis teaching on this subject we have the germ whence the monastic life grew np. Virginity was regarded as a state of sanctity in the apostolic Church, and chastity was the mother of charity. The serai-communism of the first few years of spiritual exaltation had disappeared. Holy women now became the ministers of the corporal works of mercy. They became, too, all unconsciously, the true emancipators of womanhood. It is one of Kenan's fine and tree remarks that " it, was they who created the dignity of tlieir sex, pre cisely because they spoke no word of its rights ;that they accomplished more than men, while seeming to restrict themselves to men's service." "We have no reason to suppose that these holy women were dedicated to their work by any ceremony or that they honnd themselves by any formal vows. The ecclesiastical organi sation of those times were of the simplest, and yet it was strong enongh to bear the raciest sbock of J«wish attacks and of internal controversy ; it was rooted and grounded in charity. All was spon taneous, unconstrained, self-devoted in those spiritual democracies. Their assemblies had more in common with the modern Catholic Confraternity and the modern Methodist Class Meeting—there are points of resemblance with both— than with the modern Cbnrcli. They met for mntnal help, mutual edification, 'mutual consolation, mntnal gladness. Nothing eou'd be more erroneous than -the supposition that their lives of self» denial were touched with Puritanic gloom. Morose and unsocial they seemed to the outside world, when they ran not to the same excess of riot as the Gentiles who lnisVr not God. But among themselves they were bright and happy in the possession of " pence and joy in the Holy Ghost." And "the melody in their hearts" found expression in their assemblies through improvised psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs. Glossolaly, or Fpcaking with tongues, still lingered among them—indeed, we find traces of it as late as the third century. But St. rani, though claiming that peculiar gift for himself in amplest measure, evidently tlioughtslightingly of it in comparison with the more practical powers of edification and consolation manifested by their prophets or preachers. They wore not persons ofbigli intellectual endowments, those apostolic Christians, or of great social position. They were of the poor of this world. Their only wealth was the faith. That treasure they guarded with godly jealousy. The standard of orthodoxy was most rigidly enforced. It. is a vast error to suppose that St. Paul the Apostle was one whit more tolerant than Saul the Pharisee. It is, indeed, a gross anach ronism to import the essentially modern notion of toleration into those times. The apostolic teaching as to faith and morals was binding trader anathema. He who deviated from it was necursed : nor was the curse regarded as merely tin empty fulmination devoid of ponal sanction. A pelican en the lake in Kew Gardens ri^Tu0!?t succeeded in swallowing a large duck. For a time the duck disappeared from view in Hie pelican's capacious p. ucL, l>ut after a desperate straggle regained its liberty. 