[?] black pppulalion-nd many of the whites feel as greatadfead when theBunyip is mentioned as the inhabitants oi the British Islands did, « centary «go at the tales of the. Kelpie n'ind Bansiieev Any sound which IB heard bnt^-of the common run of bash -language is its apt to. ihiw vii*; nan -w*. vud iici -vua auu duuciovimvub as ever, end, t ho boys and girlB of l'ort Mao . quarie, as well at .some boys and girls ot larger growth, have been all excitement during the past fortnight as the tale has been told day after/iny of the strange and ^eerie sounds that hove been heard by day and night about Frogmore ewamp. At last people littve li'-ard ihe. Bun yip, and old and young with the confidence of ttibse who have oeen nrougnc up to aisueuere in gnosis ana spirits of all kinds {except liquid ones), hare been eager not wily to hear but 10 Bee. With the imaginative faculty fully developed, the reports of tho Banyip as to what it is like, do sot waat for variety of description, aud were a naturalist to l-e landed in Port at the present time, his time would be cut out in trying to classify the animals which have been described as having been seem Fronv the reports of its appearance, we can hardly te'l whether the animal belongs tothe quad rupeds or bipeds, or whether Uir* feathered or the -sh world Is responsible for the tiunyip. Aft animal the siEettTa calf, with a calfs lioad, « pair of fins or wings at ihe shoulders, and a tail like a seal ; a mam malian like a seal with two horns, a pair of winga, and a greyish-brown body ; a bird with a long beak, snppOBsd to b« a' Nativo Companion out of its habitat ) all these have heen circumstantially deccribed. Such a stir fias the animal made, that venturesome youth and staid manhood have sought, to re lieve theii enthusiastic electioneering feelings by seeking « new mode of excitement, in searching all 'parts of the Racecourse swamp Lur Lilt; Duiiyip* a. punt, uvtfii wbd caneu out to explore the deeper portions of the swamp, bat the search was vain, and a large crane was the only animal that rewarded the efforts of the btave. The Bunyip is still an unknown quantity, and its roar IB yet thfe .only thing belonging to it that is known, hut whether that belongs to some stray bull call ing for its male, or the voice *-f a seal nfeich tins got antray in the swamp looking for an outlet to the rive.r is as yet an Unknown -qunntityv We quietly wait the tlevtrop tM'n(B of the future^ 