JL STiRL N-SBIRE PLOUGH* MAN'S SKHtY. ; We woe gathered round' the bothy fire OMt cold winter night' when ti.e conversation tumedj on ghosts Gach member of the company ham some thrilling tale to tell, either of his own eX < perience, or that of eomeoae else, and whin it! came to Bob Morria' turn he remarked, ** 1 sup-i pose, boys, none of you ever heard m>- tell of nyfl experience ?" Never," we cbornsedi " Let's* hear it. Bob P" and he began as follows:— ; " Some fifteen 'years ago 1 was Berving a* ;B*nkend, on tbe west side of Denny I wa» 'second man on the farm, and shurr-d the bothywith two other young feilows, and a harem* ecarum set we were ; few ploys occurred in the) district that we bad no hand in. How wdl remember the midnight raid we planned on alij old gentleman's fruit garden, which stood abou half a mile from the farm The Bight selected} was well suited for our purpose, there being noj moon. Beaching the garden, we scaled th«* wall, icd in a short time had our pockets wel^ lined with apples, besides filling a small sacty when the owner of the rineyard suddenly^ appeared. Bob Tones, who was on tbe top ofl the wall with the bag, dropped safely on th« other side, and we lost no time in following. "But the old fellow was not to be done sot easily, and we soon discovered he was on one trade. About half-way to the farm we came upon an old deserted mansion called Kowan*. bank, which stood by the side of the toad, andl had the reputation of being haunted. Never) very particular at any tame we were less so now^' and had scarcely concealed ourselves in one of lower rooms when the old fellow came puffing} up. He paused irresolutely opposite ths house^ apparently uncertain whether we might not have taken refuge there. Just then a bloodcurdling yell issued from the building, and he immediately took to his heels and away back tbe road he came. " You will suppose, no doubt, that we wars convulsed with laughter at this, but, if so, you were never more mistaken. We crouched in * corner of the room too terrified to move. Suddenly, without warning, an inner door opened and a tall white figure bearing a lighted hint en* appeared on the threshold. This was too much, and with a wild rush we reached the window^ and tumbled out. Quickly regaining our feef we struck a bee line for the farm, arriving there without mishap. , • • • • Next day we beard that * Daft Jack/ tha Tillage ' natural,' was boasting how he had {frightened some chaps at the 4 big hoose' tha .night before, and we were inclined to belie ret Ins statement, when, on investigation, we founil jthat the bag of fruit left behind in our hurrj} jbad disappeared. As we had a two-fold object,, jhbwever, in keeping silent on the subject, Jcdc iwas allowed to remain msster of the situation* 