GoldeiiMists. chapter nr. fJJHIS remark does not serve -v — to reassuro Geraldine; her recollections of Mary's one .. scmspn nro not pleasant at all;; she smothers a genuine sigh, ns she obsorves coldly tocher mother — '1 suppose she lias not a, dress fit to be seen ?' ' She was better dressed when I saw her than you aro at tho present .moment,' says Sir Daniel honestly. ' That is, she looked better in .her clothes, which comes to the snmo thing.' Major Armitt utters no souud, and his features remain passive ; all . excepting the. eyes, which twinkle with amusement. f You nave been glistening, mother, I am sure,' observes Sir Hnntnl tivrninrp 2'ft (Tin liffln nld Afuiuvi,' lutuiug VV auv »»KUW v.« ( lady, whoso damp knitting now lies idly in her lap. ' What is your opinion as to the advisabil ity of asking over May Byng ?' j 'Ask her over, Daniel,' roplies tlio, feoblo, hut still musical old voice. ' Ask her to come by all S ' mcunsjf she is like Mary ; nnd r tell her pcoplo from mo, that her great-aunt, wants to see hor. But perhaps they won't spare her; most likely not, if shcgrcsombles Mary.' 'So chanco of .that, I fear, grandma; they aro so poor, it will bt£n relief_to_them_.totbe rid of her.' 'You should not speak so, Geraldine,' -answers tho dowagor sadly. ' Poverty is not a subject for joking. If May is 'poor, she igrlilso pretty -and sweet, vour father says, and we will all try to makoJkherstayi hero'lnjiappy ono.' v ' Thonfyou settle to nsk her ?' questions SirJDauiel, turning to his wife. 'Yes,' replies Lady Net tie ton; 'but! really think the settling rests on your shoulders, not on mine.' 'When will. you write to Mr® Byng?' n.' ' To-morrow, if you wish ' ' ' What a nuisance 1' murmurs Gcraldino. ' I hope she won't have any pretty dresses,' remarks tho dow ager softly. 'Oh, you naughty, jealous old Indy !' remarks jack, who is fond of a joko with the dowager. ' Fancy setting up. at your ago to rival tliis Irish beauty.' %a rlnvrnffop Iniiiyhafl fluff 111 tie #%"0 — laugh. 'Yes — I do hope she wont' liayp. ouo.nice dress,' she repeats. I- should never have suspeoted you of such malice,' says Jack, with a doleful shake of tho head. . 'Mary will be horrified when she hears of you.' j'Yes, j'osl' laugh the old lady, You can tell her from me, Jack, that granny has fallen into her p second ohildhood,- and is going to start a pretty live doll; but she hopes her doll won't come with a complotp, i wardrobe,; because she > wants to -dress' the doll herself, and make her tho very prettiest doll .of tho season.' ' I Bhall bring Mary up to see your bad taste,' . answers Jack, stooping to pick up the dowager's ball of wool, Wuich is dancing «> reel, like a thing of life, around his boots. 'What a comfortable feeling for herl'.remarks Geraldine, with a slight yawn. ' She will bo like the princess in the fairy tales, beneficent godmother and all the rest.' I can't see why you should objeot to her visit,' says 8ir Daniel gravely ; 'and I must beg vou to remember she is vour cousin, and at least to bo civil to her.' ' Objeot ? Oh, I don't in tho least objeot ! Only 1 trffst she won't bo affectionate, and demon strative, and all that style of thing. I shall be civil to her of course, if she knows how to be have.' ' Geraldine, you may give us u ljjtlo music.' It is a well known faot amongst Lady Nettloton's friends that, when she cannot silence her daughter in any othor wuy, sho orders her ofE to the piano. At 8Uoh times her form of words never alt6rs, sho never says 'Geraldine, will you give us a little rausie ?' but invariably, 'Geraldine, you may give us a little musio.' The tono and voice ore a com mand in themselves, and never nas tlio daugnter been Known to rebel. On tho present occasion she would fain argue against the introduction of this strange cous in into their family cirole ; but argument, slie knows, would bo wasted, so sho rises reluctantly, and, crossing to tho pinno, fills tho' room with wonderful and fearful sound. CHAPTER Y. Again we must pay Crag Castle a morning visit. It is ten o'clock, but May and. Sara are not .at their usual morn ing's occupation, namely that of cultivating tho flowers on the terrace. The olerk of tho weath er has issued an qrder for rain, and it is coming down steadily and persistantly — not in fickle showers, as the spnng season might lead one to expect; but in one continuous, driving down pour, as though bont on washing out any sunshiae that might still bo lingering about in hidden cor ners. The sky is of a hopeless, unir form gray. All naturo is weep ing. Tho miserable flowers on the terrace, look forlorn under their chastisement ; woighed down to mothor earth by the tears that they are called on to shed. On such morning (and they are not ruro in Ulster), May and Sara retire into the morning room. . It is cue of the smallest apart ments in tho inhabited portion of the- Castle, and the furniture. of which there is certainly no superfluity, is light and modern. A small sewing machine stands in ono long, narrow window, and a writing table in the correspond ing slit. There is a bookcase, in which tho volumes take anything but a perpendicular position ; and various small tables, and a few wicker chairs, with plump downy cushions, would about complete the inventory. May is deep in the mysteries of a morning dress, whioh is at presont undergoing the braiding process. Sara is curled, feet aud all, into the biggest chair she can And, supported on each side by cushion, and scanning, with a vast amount of skipping, the pages of a book entitled "Travels in Egypt.' On a wet morning, Sara, it is generally understood, 'improves her mind.' The hooks she selects may or may not have the desired effect ; they certainly have not a very cheering influence on her temper. ' Oh, you idiot !' sho exclaims for about the sixth time since breakfast, and giving the volume an impatient smack with her right hand, whioh sends it flying from her left into the middle of the room. ' There— now if it hasn't been and gone and flown away, I do believe it is possess ed.' What hook is it ?' asks May laughing. ' ' 'Travels in Egypt'; only I am not nearly there yet. Iam only at Gibraltar, climbing about with the apes amongst tho rooks.' ' I should have thought that kind of thing would juBt suit you.' ' So it would I like .the apes well enough — sisterly affection, I suppose ; but then the Btupid man that wrote it must need'- go and fill up half of evory page with classical references' that one can't follow, and Spanish sayings that one can't understand.' . ' Yerv cantnlising, no. doubt; but I can't see that it shows the author's stupidity.' .' I suppose you mean that it shows mine — perhaps so; but I know that if I wrote a book 1 wouldn't stuff it up with long names so that nobody could know what I was driving at.' ' Driving at ? — Sara 1| It is Mrs. Byng's voice, and she repeats her younger daughter's words in a reproachful tone. The gills do nofkuow4 when she came into the room. The door has not crcuked on its hinges so far as they arc aware. Thoy heard no footfall, still their mothor stands beside them, an open letter in hor liuud. Sara uncurls with a convulsive movement, and prooceds to piok up her ill-used book. 'May, I have heard from Lady Nettletou.' prom jjaay in enioion : says May, 'pausing iu her work for. a moment. 'What has she to say ? Suroly sho is not going to pay us an impromptu visit ?' 'Oh, la— my poor chicks !' Sara groans, aghast-. ' No,' answers Mrs. Byng, ad dressing May. ' I think her let ter will surpriso you even more. She lias written to ask you over to London for six weeks.' ' And me, too ?' questions Sara eagerly. ' 'You, child? No. Only May, of course. . ' Now, there is ingratitude for you !' exclaims Sara tragically. ' Three of my chickens gone nover to return, and then thoy ask over May, who never reared a fowl in her life.' ' Sara, can you keep quiet a mnmnnf. V nilflfttimia Mffl. BVDff. imploringly. _ Sara subsides into a chair, and takes a mental vow not to open her mouth for the next six months ' at least. ' Thoy purpose to take you out with your eousin Geraldine ; and indeed ask you for tho season. It is really very kind.' 'Very, very kind,' repeats May, her cheeks pink with exoitcment. ' But, mamma, dear, wo must not think of it ; there aro so many stumbling blooks, I am afraid it cannot be,' and sho heaves a wea ry little sigh. ' Not be, May ? It must he. It's such a chance as I have nover even dared to hope for. We must clear away all impediments, and you must go, .my darling.' ' I am afraid you will miss mo so,' observes May, reluctantly. ' There is modesty !' interrupts Sara, oblivious of her vow. 'One would really think to hear, you talk that I was perfeotly incapa ble. I'll keep this place tidy while you are away on your tra vels. Mamma may seold mo any amount, I don't mind in the least, but I won't have my own sister treat me as an imbeoite !' ' I should want so many new things,' says May meditatively. ' Only ball dresses, and we can get those up with little outlay,' answers Mrs. Byng cheeriy. ' I must telegraph to Belfast for what we wan', and set to work at once. Sara, you may leave your reading for a time, and help May with hor braiding, while I go and see about starting Peter for Bally- Bcrew.' > TT t. I .1 i._ a XLUiTUU oUUUtD OtllUj clD MAts door closes on Mrs. Byng's retrea ting figure. ' It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good. I'll have a week's holiday out of Sir Daniel, at any rate. I say, isn't it jolly for you though ?? May makes no answer. She sits mechanically going on with hor work, while her mind grapples with the new idea. ' Good gracious !' exolairas her sister impntiontly. ' Why don't you waltz or jig, or do something joyous, instead of sitting there as if you hud been diked to a fune- ral ?,, -. Hcre-rgive mo some work quick ; I shall have to prick my fingers into nutmeg graters,, to turn you out a credit to tho fami ly.' /i . 'I can't m the least realise it,' observes May, slowly and dream ily- , ' . ' Then it must be a faot that joy has a more pernicious effect on the brain ; -than sorrow,' Sara romarks briskly ; . I quito realise that a blow has been given to my prospects.' ' Don't be such a goose; you aro too young for a visit of this kind.' ' Yes, too young and too ugly,' answers poor 8ara sadly. ' May, I would give my eyes to be as pretty as you.' 'A queer way to cultivate beau- ty,' says May, laugning, ana as by an effort , resuming her work. I am really glad that you are going,' remarks Sara after a few minutes' pause, during which she has been receiving instructions from May about her work. ' That is a very doubtful com pliment,' ' No — but serriously ; you see you aro jfist about a marrying age, and in London you can have a good choice — there is nobody hero but Lord Passe.' ' May laughs a genuine morry laugh. ' You pin moro faith to my at tractions, Sara, than I do myself,' she answers gaily. ' Now don't please be a hypo crite. Of course you know you are pretty ; you would he a fool if vnn did Vinf I OTiltilitriR fiflM sharply. 'And being pretty, na turally you will have lots of of fers; people— I mean pretty ones — always do in books.' " ' Yes. in books,' replies May with s slight shrug of her droop ing shoulders. 'Unfortunately I shall have to deal with a practi cal, not an ideal world.-' ' Will they present you, do you think ?' asks Sara, whoso notions of society are vague. ' No — I should think not.' ' That is a pity, because there are such heaps of trains in the west wing, and- it would have been delightfully messy work, Judson's Dying them.' ' Could thoy be made up into dinner dresses, do you think?' asks May, glanoing up quickly. ' I suppose they could, if you have a fanoy for appearing in DiUblUU U1UUUUOO) |JCI il/IUVUU uneven distances by rat-holes.' 'I wonder, "will you ever glow serious ?' observes . May medita tively. ''".t ' - ' I am sure I hope not Papa is quite gloomy enough to savour the whole lump.' ' I believe they are very gay,' remarks May,', after a few mo ment's silence,; during whioh no thing is heard Bave the quick click of hor needle, and an occa sional exclamation of mingled pain aud rage from Sara, as sho pricks her awkward fingers. 'I daro 'say— -oh ! — there it goes again to the very bone.' Sara's voice does not betoken an amiable mood, so May retires into dreamland,- where she is allowed to remain in peaco for perhaps ten minutes. Then Sara breaks ruthlessly in upon her thoughts, and startles her from hor reverie. ' May — do you boliove in lovo ?' ' Believe in love ?' May re peats the question slowly, for her spirit is still some distance from the soeno of notion. 'Yes — do you bolievo in love — the kind of love of whioh one reeds, where people go and do the most insane things by way of showing their affection ? May laughs that clear ringing laugh of hers. ' Oh. 8ara, Sara — what an absurd child you are ! I must positively get mamma to look away all those foolish old roman ces, or you will become quite silly.' / 'That is no answer to my question,' says Sara sharply.' 'Do you or do you not believe there is such a thing ?' ' Set your mind at rest ; I liavo no faith in love.' 'Then why do people write suoh trash ?' ,'For the same reason they write fairy tales. Nursery legends are written to amuse children ; novels, to entertain children of a larger growth.' There is a shade of satire in May's voioe as sho gives hor answer. Sara however is not quite satisnr a. one nas a vague nouou that the love she has read of is not quito so fabulous a sentiment as ' Jack the Giant Killer' is a person. She r.ests from her work for a time, and ponders. "Well, then— if, May, as you argue, there is no suoh sentiment — what on earth induced mamma to marry papa ?' May feels nonplussed. ' 1 am sure I don't know,' she answers slowly. ' I suppose she thought she loved him.' 'But if only thinking it in duced her to commit suoh au act ot folly, it seems to me there must he something in it.' , ' I really don't see that it matters,' observed May rather impatiently. ' Porhaps not,' answers Sara ; ' but I see that the question affects your future prospects materially. It you go ana ran in lovo with a man os beautiful ns Apollo, and as poor as Job after his losses, what is to beooine of 'us all?' , 'My dear Sara; you don't really mean to say tbqt you think me so stupid as all that ?' ' I don't know,' returns Sara in a distrustful tone. 'Well, then,, listen 1 You may have a foolish brother-in-law; a deformed brother-in-law; or a wicked brother-in-law"; but of one thing you may feel quite 1 sure, you will never have, a poor brother-iu-law.' 4 But suppose you fell in love with n poor man ?' persists 8ara. ' Then I should set to work to fall out agnin,' answers May, much amusea; 'but you must remember unbeliof is a great safe guard; those who don't believe in ghosts never see them ; and those who don't believe in love can't well bcoome its viotims.' 4 1 am sure I hope not,' says Sara, with a dubious sigh.: ' but I have an idea that it is rather like a rabbit trap, whioh, if you are not on the look-out for it, is prot- tT'oertain to oateh you.' v 'What is certain to oateh you?' asks Mrs. Byng, who has again mysteriously entered the morning room. 'And you wouldn't begin a journey on Fridry ?' 'Not me 1' " ' I can't understand how you can have anyv faith in such a silly superstition.' ' No superstition about it for Saturday's pay-day.' Johnny is staying at the sea-, side. Hero is an extract from' his letter to Sister Luoy : 'The sight of a fat man, trying to look pretty in a bathing suit, is what makes the little, buldhcaded fishes stand on tbeii tails and grin.' Napolcan, a short time after the battle of Waterloo, was pass ing through a country village, when ho mot a boy of about ton years of age crying pitifully. ' What is tho matter my little man?' asked the emperor. ' Oli. sir.1 Rnirl tho hnv. ' mv father has been beating mo with a slipper.' 1 Take this my boy,' said Na- polean, as he pressed a five-franc piece into the boy's hand. ' I sympathize with you. I have just been beaten by a 'Wel lington' and a 'Bluoher' myself.' A lawyer was walking down the street with his length of arm taxed to hold a lot of law-books. Pointing at tho ponderous volumes, a friend said : ' Why, I thought you carried all that stuff in your head?' 'I do,' -quickly replied the lawyer, tfith a knowing wink. ' These are for the judges.' „ A judge of the Bombay High Court, who is noted for his pom pous mnnner, and who never forgets he is a judge, nor . ever loses an opportunity of impressing the fact on other people, was reoently taken (down by a fellow- oountrynian. While walking about the plat form of a small up-countY station prior to taking" his seat in the train, a perspiring Englishman rushed upon the platform, and accosted him with : ' Ts this the Bombay train ?' With a distant stare, the judge replied, coldly: ' I am not the stationmaster.' ' Then, confound you,' retorted the new-oomer, 'why do you swagger about as if you wore ?' 