TRICKERY OF SOUND < INTERESTING INSTANCES. Some curious experiences with regard to the trickery of sound occurred to mo daring undergraduate days nt Camb ridge, to which I attribute an early pre- delictlon for the science nnd study of, acoustics. .While yet an out-college man, I was unexpectedly offered a sot of rooms in the Old Court of Trinity, which rooms bad been somewhat hur- rledly vacated l»v a tnan of uncertain health nnd nervous temperament, who assigned no satisfactory reasons for suddenly going Into lodgings. It wns tbe commencement of a dull October term, and I remember bow the ImmI- maker warned me against the rooms, which she characterised ns "dreadful dismal." The cause, however, of tills forbidding description was not revealed to me till some weeks afterwards, when boisterous winds chanced to set iu with ' gloomy November weather, about which period, when sitting up reading. I used frequently to bear low, moaning sounds, j as if some creature were in distress; somewhere iu tbe lane outside. No one j cutihl explain the phenomenon, and It; was not until months afterwards that 1 myself searched for the cause, and after some little difficulty discovered it. j It wok commonplace enough. In a side room a ph-cc of wall-paper pasted . ucross a chink luul developed a (rack, leaving two Jagged or toothed edges, which under ccrlnlu conditions of draught, vibrated rapidly together.form- Ing. as it were, a reed, and thus produc ing the sound nt>ovc described. That ghost, like all others iu my ex perience, was readily laid ; but another uncanny and more noteworthy oivur- 1 ronco shortly afterwards taught me yet more clearly how capricious s->utids may become, and how hard to locate or ex plain. In a nelglilKirltig staircase there lived (I beg pardon, "kept") another friend of mine, a man of much tanglier fibre, who was rending— and over-rend ing— for a medical exam., tuid once, through a sleepless night he was driven to distraction by what, in the morning, he descrilMsl ns mysterious volets ap parently in the court outside, mrcotn- pnnied by rnppings on a tin tray or tin like ; yet, often as he rose and went to the window, there was nothing la bo seen, and nt last his over-wrougtit nerves gave way, and were not to be rellov<sl until some of tils friends succeeded In finding the cause of his disturkauee, which was litis : fiver tho wny. In Cains College, where building was go ing on, an engine had broken down, and workmen hnd -tneii employed through the night tinkering It up. This was tho solo und .sufficient explanation. It >-atl- fnetorily accounted for the existence of midnight voices and for the weird tap pings, excited Imagination supplying nil tho rest. The Instructive fact, however, 'brought home to my mind wus liow un accountably sounds may seem to behave themselves when the mind fails to In terpret them aright, and how straugely different a familiar noise may sound when heard amid dead silence. It has beeu my good fortune more I ban once since Mien to dispel idle imaginings that 'luid Ihhsi the cause of rejtl disturbance and distress. Occasions have also arisen which have stimulated tno to construct sound Instruments which. In informing cer tain novel functions, should attain ob ject of practical value. For example, on the occasion of an annnnJ flower show hold In m.v grounds. It lias been necessary to summon visitors, many hundreds in uuuriicr. and .scattered over a large area, to certain shle shows. A < liorti or hell conveyed nothing in parti- euhir, hut a specially made trumpet, rigged on n scaffold ;<0 feet high, com- niamlod the whole ground, nud a polite invitation gently sateen to the four winds has been easily beard by all. Some ten years ago my attention wns Accidentally directed towards kindred acoustical problems by circumstances which again may lie considered ns out- Hide common experience. By the kind ness und courtesy of the late Dotut Church, I had been gr.-intod the prlvi- lege of making use of si. Paul's Ca.tlie- , Ural for carrying out certain experi ments dealing with terrestrial magna- tlsm. I had chosen for my purpose a quiet smnmcris night, and nil due nr- rangeiupiiLs having lasm made. I com menced a long. vigil. Kitting alone, for hours in Uie lofMest chamber of the building watching the readings of an Instrument, while a colleague watched ,n similar instrument In the crypt 100 feet Iwlow. It was while occupying this elevated position, with uttcnUmi well braced, ami In that night silence which falls even over our great Me- tropolls. thnt I learned how remark- ably certain sounds can bi> recorded over vast distances. The measured tramp of the policeman rang as sharp or sharper than If 1 had been on the pavement he- Hide him. Tho fog-horn or the blevolo— then In vogue— could he heard streets away, and railway whistles on distant lines und hooter ou the shipping far down the rlvej'sivtucd unearthly iu their carrying power and clearness. The experiences of that night wore fur ther eonllrined on yet another occasion when, about the sanie isu lod, I ehamiai to make my Hist balloon vovag- „m| when, by rare fortune, our balloon drif- ted o\er the very heart of Loudon and almost directly over St. Paul's Cathedral, at an elevation of Rnun feet alrnve lis golden 'cro&i.; It was a noteworthy voy- .age, and deeply Impressed ott mv mind afterwards by Mm fact Mint It was one nf the last conducted by tho late Captain Dale, who shortly afterwards lost his life while ascending from the Crystal Pal- nee grounds. It was while w« were main mining a high elevation that we made out Konnfngtotj Oval immediately below us, and we could actually watch a game of cricket In progress. Soon, how ever. it became apparent thai play was MiHpcnded. ami Mien, manifestly In our honor, a ringlngehoer came up with a distinctness that I was wholly imprepnr- oil for. I learned, then, that an English cheer is a very arousing, and mar be come a very astonishing sound; hut my wonder grew as we swept on and pre sently caught the niNle of the streets Inflow, which soon Increased and grew to n deafening mar positively painful bv If harshness and intensity. So far, these experiences wen Inn proofs of the great parrying power aloft of loud and fami liar natural noises, but pwus now to be impressed quite equally with the pene tration into upper air of Nature sorter inusie. It wns squally weather that day, ntni. as evening approached the wind grew rough with gathering storm. We were at that time scudding fast over Hertfordshire, where the country was well timbered, and ever a« we passed high over woods. Mien in full foliage, a soft murmur would fill our cars, and It seemed almost incredible that this wns but the tossing trees singing to us half a mile lielow. There were other Hounds, of course. Anon would come the 1»ark of a dog from— where? Or the whistle of u train scarcely yet visible iu the dlstauco deep down. Altogether it war flrmiy Impressed upon rae from tliat time ouwards that a balloon ascent properly arranged would offer nn exceptional opportunity for studying many problems lu sound wltlch couhl not fail to rejwiy fresh investiga tion nnd experiment: nnd It Ib not a lUUe curious that, although acoustics have oc cupied the special attention of many scicnttats, no one hat) come forward to systematically usn tlic balloon In the Her- vice of that all-Important branch of science.— "Strand Magazine.' 