" Where Shall -Wo Ba ' Next Christmas?" '< . , hi miss cokodom. CHAPTER I. Why Christmas should bo spoiially oonsooratod to ghosts and tho goblin fraternity I havo novor quito undorstoqd, buttho fact remains as auroly asjChriitn/ai > comes round will ghost stories bo told and reooivod with a oortaiu amount nf l.tonf faith, even by tho ghost oynio, who pro tests ail the whilo he does,not beliovo in ' ghosts. ' ' " Tho oustom dates baok from tima im-i memorial, hud "dear bioss him welcome tho "harmless ueooSEhry-'girost" as an indispensiblo Cbristma s lnstitullbn. ' Perobanoe (as there must ba a -theory " for everything under tho sun, and aliova it, -too, in theso advanced days), ghosts aro fire- shippers, and havo a vory bad timo of it in snmmor, thoy aro gonorally so scautilv clad, dqop iliimrn. flan - - wondor then that thoso uninvitod guests liko'your Christmas fireside. After all, at such a retrospective timo as Christmas there are very few, I oxpcofc 2 who havo not their own particular ahot ' to pay thorn a visit. T know mine doos this evening and takes mo, back into tho sbidowy past of long ago. 'I am a youog » man once moro bat not sitting in solitude. ' No; happy faces are around mo and I am thinking moro of pretty cousin Mabol (who is sitting on a low stool by the firo a ' serious look on her usually laughing faco, ' ' than of ghosts). .„. "IFearerccen" Installed in respective arm chairs sat cuy uncle and aunt (Mabel's ' ' parents) In the oontroof the' group Mabel'a sohool friend Lydia Carlton a handsome brunette who is listoning with sparkling oyes and vivid intorest to a thrilling - ghost story told by the village doofefc who being a gentlemanly fellow on alone htfb joined tbo Hair'party -and frolicsome . Jack Mabel's brother gives occasional chuckles of ihoredulity as tho story roaohoa its most exo'ting climax I havo not been paying muoh.attontion to it but watching tho chango of expression- - on my darling's faco. Mabeiandvjf, are' r ongoged to be married and next :Chiist- ' mas she will bo sittiog — "So," in deep tones said Cyril Hamil- ton tho ghost tragedian "tako warning by my8tory, ghosts have a hatred of anbo- ' . Hovers and sooner or later they will bo ro- vooged buttho moment any mortal has the courage to faco one speak kindly to it, ''-M that moment its weary, pilgrimage i s| over and it enters into rest-" "In Jack, my dear Hamilton," I veiH toremark, "yon have discovered a cxtirpater' of ghosts. My dear I congratulate yon, a new career is open— give np dool and try it on the ghosts." / oW0qg' \ VErio !" said Mabil, reproachfuj|yhrr: not soofE .at what jou oannot iunderataud Whnt would you do if jou saw ajihostP" "Speak kindly to it my dear lTdcD ' '' its career; and you?" "It would kill mo." aho sajd soIomuW I think my nervo; woro shattered when'; — young by tho fearful horrors ono of my ' nurses toll mo. Ploaso do not talk any tnoro about ghosts.' "" ' "No " said Aunt Suzid; "Mabel is quito right. You w.l all be having bad dreams. Have some music now and after wards a dance. The library floor is quito . ready for you. Now Lydia, child' sTbgt . something for us." x » v. Lydia Carltoa had a boautiful voice ;' ' yet whenever she sang I felt uncomfort-- M able "shivers" thoro was such a weird 9 mockery in her sweetest notes. Yet it ' m fascinated mo too. Mabel could not sing ' 1 but she adorort her friond and wa proud of her genius. "Lydia is so c ever, sweot and unso.fiib," Mabol said to mu one day " when wo aro married, Kric (with a blush), she must stay with us ofton. Sho" has no money, poor dear, and is quito do- pendent on a cranky o d nnolo.'- I smi.ed down on my sweetheart's brown eyes (good sweet women havo generally brown eyes), she was such a winsome generous H darling, with a certain ca'm dignity tbo, ' if occasion required it. Lydia was dis- tinctly emotional and thatChristmasoven. ing how sho sang P I listoocd entranood a'though I must confess to a jealous paogl when on turning roond I noticod Cyril Hamilton holding Mabel's hand." telling tho fines," ho called it. (Ho was an ex- W pert palmist and seemed to enjoy itspriv- i'oges.) The fortune did not seem satis ' factory, from what I oould catch. Pros- 1 ently they all weut to tho library, and I 1 was alono with Lydia. She was a crcaturo of moods and seem ed strangoly moditativo and sad as aho tarried to rae saying'" X wonder wheraoa . will be next Christmas" Do you know- that ghost story of Dr. Hamilton's has mado mo a'most norvona ah noor. dnap Mabel ? She frequently spoko of Mabol in a pitying way whioh irritated mo and I ' gested joining the library party. Shortly after doing so, (who was entortaining Lydia began another ghost talo of a description. On my remonstratimH him he stopped abruptly, looking at LyJI in apology, ' OU ! 'twas my FaaU," shlH said with aprottj gosture; " I forgot poor, doar Mabel." "Novor mind," answered, the " poor dear ;'' " I must oonquec nerves. Please go on,", Soon came tho timo for "good night, \ singer!" Oh, gontlo spirit, loavo me with i Mabel's sweot faco looking at mo in ! loving trust, and hopo in my heart. : No; onwards into tho night — the black. nesB of tho night, with its mystery of slcoiia which on that Chaistmas como ; so I sat roading fire, whon- it piorcoa my hoard an agonised shriek, and,H answered spirit, I know that Mabel's. . Tho seono that followod, why Everyono hoard tho cry, and and Mabel's door was oponod we saw heiB crouching by tho bed, with wild staring eyes. On sooing mo sho wend off into a fresh paroxysm, crying, "I would kill her," "ley cold," "Joy cold," in away that : broke tho faithful loving heartB around bor. Lydia Cail ton, too, sho could not boar J " Take them both away," she bogged / piteoasly, and wo sent hoping soou'to-ba ' rooallod. / Tho dreary/lays thaUolloWod brought' no tjhongo. Stoftj-' aversion lo me ro. maiood aud voilont-;abiTorinK if I went" noar her. n . - So at last her pooplo took hop awav hoping that chango and travol would re store hor shattorod sonsos and'I roturnoil utterly iropolosfs:eHnK U£ . Chapter ii. Tho noxt Norombor I was in London and ono day was surprisod to moot Lydia Carlton, falio lookod tired and worn Uor stonr wa. patholio. Her undo hod diod, and 0)10 livoil with a marriod cousin who was poor, and ttlod to earn n lirint! ' by typewriting. 'i "I tticfl goncott siurioj;, ba<t»Ioak wj k /rotoo/sh© 8Md," Badly. J;;'Aftor this oncouoter wo mot fro- :Sluentl3r. Jrrr,-" Wo troro protty muob in the' satno s'jGoat/ T romorked. ;I bad lost a sweet- ' hbart, she, too, had loet a friend; so it isoio' about one crouiDg as tbo noxt $Ohrislmdi drew near; when she seemed specially depressed', 'I asked Lydia to ,';mflrry mo, and shd: consented. "For," 5-tas she coofesscd, 'with a slight return of v herpld, lively grace, I always loved you ;.yErio." ;4.v; X tried to respond, but 'twas 'difficult. &' Wo wero to bo married in tbo Now UYear. Lydia looked happy. Wo never mentioned Mabel, or referred to last Christinas, until, whoa tbo memorable ore V,--camo round, as I wished hor "Good- nigbt." there was. a Btraiuedlook of anxiety in her oyos, ; as onoe moro she isaid, "Where, will wo be next Christ i'.-mas P" " Never say that agato/1 oried. // Why. bring baok the past?" 0 " Forgivo me, Erie— the wordB would ?;:;Oome." : That night 1 wont. hobao with tho cer- i.'.'tbinty soraethibg was going to happoa.V : I weut to sleep late, and had a most ' peculiar dream,. Mabel came to mo with a strange, wistful expression, holding out /a letter addressed to mo by Lydia Carl ; ton\ Thou she stooped, kissed my fore. . hoad, and then vanished. So real was ; the vision I could have sworn Mabel had ..been in my room, and a woight seemed lifted" from mind; 1 fe!t sho loved mo once moro . " . ,Nota pleasing mood to see Lydia the Ms&kj; day, but she did not ao«m to notioe ; X w&v4l;|tr∫ and silent. I asked hor the ' reason, Hoitiirpply was-r-sho had not ..slept muob, had areams, &o.; I at onoe prooeoaea to recount my experience, - una .hoaring no commont, found my listener had fallon back in a dead swoon. Wbon sho recovered she laughed in an excited way, would tell hor dream, and I was glad when Christmas Day was over, Tho next morning, on going down to . breakfast, I took up my letters carelessly, What was my surprise to soo one in India's handwriting. It had a look of that dream lettor. I opened it, and read : . Ebio— A power, not ray own compels , me to write this-Mav .-1, who is now in the spirit world, oommands me. You ' must know the truth. c : 'Twas lost Christmas Eve— how jealous ; IwosofMabtl then— she bad so much I wanted, When she looked frightened a thought came into my bead. I would ? "play ghost for her benefit, just to give her ureal fright. I wai \n her room a Ions time that oy mio.?, and made her still moro nervous tai ling of an ico ghost, which froze its V' victims to death- — Y6u know her room was on tho ground tfpoor, with long French windows. - r My plan was easy. I got myself in a ghastly , style,, follow- f ..'. .ing my previous description of .1 l'The 'ice gho t,' " as nearly as possible. Then wont and -load by the window. Batl had "not calcolated on '-drawn ourtainB." Shivering with cold and dia- appointment, I willed Mabel to come to tho window. ». Sbo did, looked out, and seeing me, gave ' that awful shriek you all beard. ' I was not slow to go, but soon appeared' . ' again, apparently just roused from sleep. Sv Eric— when I saw the fatal result of my wicked action, I was miserablo enough' satisfy even you. Your unhappy Lydu, stunned. A latent doubt seemed assumed tangible form, and in Edignation tbore was very little for- for the girl whose wicked dono so much harm. flivonosPjJJnce with tho letter to ..Lydia. " ' Scalt>asX.'i5sebt you thot," she gasped, r Xijoamo bjr this morning's; -post," I „epiied. m t\ieroiful.beaven. have pity on me. X v never senrtbat. Listen !' Do you re- member n Christmas Day I was troubled / _ yoout a dream— going \ to sleep late Mabel etaod by my bed; '"Get up," sbe paid.' I 8hrinbingly obeyed. An ice- cold haiid Jed me to my writing tablo. s 1 Write the truth to Erio ' the spirit voice said, and thcn l Beomed to write those very words; those very words." . . 44 Ob, it is too horrible," and she sobbed \ in.-ft pitiful way, I left her then, no yvords of mine ' could have added to her misery. ; - ' It was not until several weeks after I received myij. last communication from Mf Lydio, explaining tho mystery of her pre- : vious letter. W-( \y. On making inquiries sho had discovered li that a servant in the house remembered posting tho letter. . Coming in to call Lydia, as requested, she had noticed the letter lying ready for the poBt, took it up with officious zeal, and b ..posted it. . M To mako the ohain of events still moro V remarkable, we heard lator on that 'twas W the very evening when Lydia Carlton and I: I saw in our dreams Mabel's tired spirit J .. -Centered into rest. 