RITUALISM IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. A REMARKABLE LETTER. The warm discussion on ritualism in the Anglican Synod of Sydney should cause the appended letter to be read with more than usual interest. It was written by the Rev. A. H. Stanton, M.A., of St. Alban's, Hoi born, London, and appeared in the Dadly Chronicle : — ' Ynn fltlAfllf rtf mir nrtf-. nhavirinr fha tions of the Book of Common Prayer at St. Alban's, Holborn. I exclaim in ray best Latin, ' Quantam maxillam' — what cheek 1 We obey the Prayer Book seventy per cent more than all the archbishops, bishops, deans, canons, prebendaries, &c.; ' 1. On a hundred days in every year for the last thirty-six years wc have dined off fish and hcb pudding. Do we like this kind of food ? No ; we have done it out of obedi ence to the Book of Common Prayer. '2. We have daily, all these years, said morning and evening prayer in the church. Has it always been convenient to do this ? No ; but we have done it out of obedience to tne x3ook of Common Prayer. ' 3. We have givea up Friday and Satur day afternoons to hearing confessions, when we have longed — longed, oh 1 so much — to be far away anywhere. But we have done it out of obedience to the Book of Common Prayer, because when we were made priestB by the ordering in tbat book, the Bishop said, ' Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest. Whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they are re tained.' And we believed him — fools as it seems we were 1 ' Yes, but you leave out many things in the Prayer Book services. So do they all, and I don't blame them. For how, for instance, could we, when we repeat the communion service six times on Easter Day, tell our sinners and devout communi cants six times over not to murder, steal, and commit adultery ? How could we say, 1 On Sunday next, I propose to administer Holy Communion,' when we do it twice every day ? We should make fools of our selves and our congregation and foolishness of the Prayer Book. ' But you add to the services in the Prayer Book. So do they all, and I don't blame them. We all try and make our services as attractive and suitable to the various phases of religious feeling charac teristic of religious thought in England to day, and we' are the best Prayer Book ex positors, and her most faithful sons too, and after all these years 'tis rather too bad to dub us 1 traitors.1 I ' What I should like to see is mere liberty to make our services more liturgi cally correct on one side and more like chapel services on the other. l* Do you want us to wear the straight waistcoat made over ? three hundred years ago, which has never fitted, and is now quite out of date? If we are established, we're not all gone daft.' 