The Light that Cast no Shadow. Curious stories are told about the powers pos sessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the ' adepts,' as these queer HinduB are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. ?One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adopt went with him to a cave wherein tho books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. ' I can't see to read here,' said the visitor. ' Then wo will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. Ho could noc tell whence it enme, but he noticed that it had one Etrange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. ThiB iB a story hard to believe, yet its truth ia affirmed by a man of vast learning and high char acter, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you. have seen have cast shadows. Bplief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of .the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which tbey believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experi ence? Take an example : — ' In the spring of 1888,' writes onr correspon dent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid stite. I felt low- spirited and out of sortB. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after rating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervoueneBS and great depression of Bpirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years', nothing that I took rulieving me.. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrnp, and pro-' cured a supply. After I had taken only . a few doBes I found relief ; my food digested, and gradu ally all nervousness left me. Although' I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medi cine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity, I daera it a duty to send you this testi mony. (Signed) D, Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8, 1893.' There ia a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths' candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. Tho latter may be true enough, but- it cannot be verified without more 1-Luu.uia niuu iu ib worm, un tne otdur nana, we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can bo found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Cui-ative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indiges- tion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast Buch dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that ib told of its bucccsb by eager witnesses. 0744 