HATE AND LOVE. R:'DoweN the lane flilted Ooustance Dare like the white.winged ghost moths i7that spread thir feathery plumes and kept.her company from nettle-hand to thistle, and from bramble to flower. She paused often as they, and listened for footsteps. The sound of a stop did at last come upon the earn but it did not send the white-robed fairy back. On the con. trary, it gave wings to the hesitating feet. Under one of the widest-spreading of its wide- speoading trees was stand ing he for whom this moonlight flight :had beeoon made. "At last," he cried, stepping from amid the deeper shade, and taking the fairy form to him. "I should have waited on for hours, though I was full of fear that you were not coming." "I have some at great risk, Leon," she said, " but was determined to see you this evening, oven if this meeting must be the last. I left the house, trusting no one would see me; but if missed and a search is made, they may come to this very spot. Oh I how oruel it' is of fate to have made our parents enemies. How will it Send, Leoon P Let us try and have strength of mind for the present not to mooet. I will over, ever be yours in .heart, Leon; but we must not meet again." . "In all other things," Leon Gray said, "I will be a reasonable man. But in this one thing, never. I will shut my eyes to obstacles and conse queuces, and only say that we must and will meet." "Can there be no hope-no pros. peoot ?" Constance Dare murmured ;' Sno prospect f of our fnmilies beoom iug united ?" r No," he replied ; " there is no hope." "But--hut," Constance hesitated, "if our families sre never to be rooeon ciled, what will boocome of us ? "We will have patience, Constance, for a time; and then, if fate is unkind, :must remember we have wills of our own.,, " You would never counsel our marrying ewithout consent, Loon ? It would break my father's heart. He has often told me that when my dear mother died he had only ine left to live for. I occulpy in his thoughts a largo spaOe, and there is only one thing on earth that could divide us." " And that ?" said Leon bitterly. "T'he discovery of our love. Ilo would think that I had cruelly deceived him-was unworthy to be his daughter if I could oautl wiswishes to the winds." "Ido not doubtit," he said, grimly, "and wouldnever ask you to bomywife without putting the consequenoeo be fore you. We r;hall have to choose between two things, for I, equally with yourself, know what marriage in oppo. sition to my fatller's wishes meanse. It means not only ai loss of affection, but a loss of nesistauoo. It may not mean, in the end, the lose of Home leigh, but it menus work with my own hands. I will not aesk you for many a long day to soeat your father's wishes at defiance iby mairrying me; but a time may come wheno I must, Exist without seeing you I oannot. If danu gerous to meet here, let use fix upon some other spot. Could it not be understood, for instaneoo, that at one particular hour, eaolh evening, I am to be at some place where you will come to me. It would not matter if I wont to that spot day after day in vain, if I saw you sometimes. If I wore to dream of lonvisng you, I know that no change of sceneo-no pleasure would over maelo me forget you." "I know it, Loon," she replied; and laid her head upon his breast. " I have spoken only to tell you how greant my grief will be if we cease these happy meetings. They are my very life, and the memory of them will be my only comfort. Let us moot once more, only once more, and then, for my sako, eaorifioo what I shall saori fioe for you." At last the parting same. It had been begun over and over again, but never ended. " Then," Loon said (before the kiso that even he agreed must be the last), "I shall expect you at thin colf-?amo spot to-morrow at nine. Till then, good-bye. Walk home without fear, for though you will not seeo m, I shall be near yll." " Yoes," she replied; " to-morrow I will come. Fate is not kind to us, but it shall not keep me from you once moro. Good-night I" ''ho hato of the M?ontaguo RInd Oasplets did not oaueo more turmoil in " fair Verona" than did that of the D)area and Grraygs in the parish of Yoew field, Wheat~shiro. It i true that the strife in the latter one was oonflueod to the heads of the families; but in evory other reepoot Yoewfiold wae dooi dedly worse off theu Verona. Yet, for all this, the elder reoidento could remember whou the families were as cloosely united as thoey were now widely oaetranged. The aroh. enomiaes of to-day had indeed beeoon echoolfollowo in the time long panned away, and ae boys had sworn " otornal friondship." Even as young men they hald boon united-that is, up to a certain day. On that day the woman they lhad both paosionatoly loved waoo oalloed upon to lchooneo between them, and ehoco, of aoureo, the one to whomn her heart inclined, Thin woman won Loon'n mother, Rho was dead now. heo had, indoeed, been dotinhd to, fado quleihly from the cImtli 0d titow the a tiiott whao an loved her wilh aintlt devotlion wecro Itlimptlnd to forbeget the ono of thilir rintl rattranlg i tl, in the bitterettaso of theo anintity which hla ulne to exiat In all lthiiig. liltlo by 11tIII, in chort, Ite dlialihe of the two 1,11, hiid grwni , ti111 at tl 1(I1 hl PII M ', (I1i II V I \?'H4 I r~lll llII()L tll it tallstly ai' teal ', tough ,fr. itllid hiMr (r ity wit rIey lJl Ia, thh waIh? I bhl (n mlr , d !,, .m?-lhbr I~lit 'l I I ine tle fat a Ias?tlmtlu Iit t atio | flat t ha ve b ull t wit ul t ho upoll l ia riapidly worse. The two estates joined,. and in an evil moment Adam Dare discovered that his enemy had no right to use a certain pathway at the bottom of the Home Park. The path in,'queotion was an insig nificant footpath, scarcely wide enough for a couple of dogs to pass one another upon, and its use by Mr. Gray was wholly unconeessary. But no sooner did Adam Dare declare that his eneomy should use it, than, Mr. Gray declared he would use the pathway whenever he liked, The law was appealed to, and hun. dreds of pounds spent, with no result beyond an increase in the hatred which before had been only too fierce. ' An appeal from the first court had been granted to a higher one, and the. de. cision of lthe latter was still pending. Meanwhile Adam Dare erected fences and built up barricades, and John Gray knocked them down again,' And at last it was known in excited Yowfield that A 4m Dare had sworn to shoot his one? if hbe dated to tree pass on the prescribed land. That Adam Dare would fulfil his threat literally no one believed; but that something would happen if the two men met on the contemptible little path everybody was cure. For hours each day Adam Dare was known to walk up and down his path with firmly compressed lips and do fiant air; and for weeks the curious of Yowfield secretly watched the pacing sentry. -But the patience of the expectant ones was not rewarded; John Griey did net put in an appearance. At the ranmo time it was well known that night after night the newly-erected barricades and fences were broken down. One morning however Adam Dare saw what lie had half- wished, half feared to see for wvoeek and weeks past -the barricade kicked down, and John Gray in the middle of the path. Adam Dare's first feeling was one of helpless weakness. The magnitude of the outrage for the moment para. lyzed him. He did not know it, but his akin changed to a sikoly white, and hti trembled like a reed. Passion and weakness struggled for the mastory, and it was the toss up of a straw whether le gripped his enemy by'the throat or fell to the ground from sheer woakness. Bat the blood returned with a purple flush to his white skin, and the con. flict beoamo one of mind. Adam D Aro did not llek courage; but a e:rtain divinity hedges even one's most hated enemy, and lie hoei tatosd to seize his foe by the throat. " To be, or not to be ?" was the question the otruggling mniind in the trembling body asked. " To be," camo the answer, for John Gray had coma up with the enemy, and, with an assumption of contempt, put out his hand to thrust Adam Dare aside. That single touch was enough. The next moment the two old men were grappling with each other, their shalking fingers pressed into each other's throats, Thpy lied little breath to help the outpour of their passions; but with what breath they had they hiased rather than spoke the words, ".sacoun dreol, villain, thief I" Presently, from their own feeble noes rather than by diut of one another's prowess, they rolled over, and feol, looked together, into the bramble-woven ditch which ran by the aide of the path. Oat of this they crawled, aud with an expiring effort again grappled with each other. Onc:, more, in the blindness of their oxcitoment, they toppled over together into the ditch. It was by no meanu an agrecable fall, and their hands and faces were badly torn by the brambles. They tried to struggle out, but while John Gray oncooedod, Adam Dare was too firmly held down by the brambles, among which his hbed was buried, to got out at the first violent struggle for liberty. Hlis enemy did not wait for him, but weont off, vowing bitter vengeance, legal anid otherwise. Out of the ditch Adam Dare at last struggled, but the brambles had badly torn his faco and hands. He did not pursue his enemy, but stood trombling ill hie rage. Nothing short of taking John Gray's life would at this moment satisfy the mind, and Adam Dare looked about for oome club or knotted stick with which to pursue the enemy. Nothing of the kind, fortunately, presented itself; and Adam Dare's thoughts reurred to the pistols at homo, and hie almost ran bnoak to the house. CIIAITER II. " Is it possible that wo ohall moot to-night for tbo last time ?" This question Constanoo askeod her. oolf this glorious autumn morning as her fathor, unknown to hor, was pao. ing up and down tho path where ho nwe fated at last to moot his enoemy. Constano Daro's lifo had indood boon a moro thau usually happy one. To his ildaunghtor, Adam Daro had oon eietontly shown theo boat aide of hiu not too porfcot naturo. Abroad, heo wae at thIo bost diotatorial-at the worst, quarrelsomo and vindiotivo. But ut home with his fair daughter hlo was a difforoent boing, Her happioone was his ambition. Thoe thought thalt troubled Con. -tanoo's mind wes not tho risk of on. dangeoring hoer own hnppinoa, but LIthat of her father. Discovery of her love for tho son of his nroh onomy muaont the chougo of affooliona for cor tin hatrod. fho know hlies fitht,r, sad throreforo kow lthat it rrquired but this disoovory to Ibe mds to wither up all that was last itn hie snture, And' llti, in the oslitdl of heor meanlt llI, God lIon cOn'thinued Is abilehtt natld runnon, till ,lho heutrd th, ditalnt lt iJlii, jlliit li as stllll so IJ s II hotlljo. l(iv si, ii ot ill tdisy liio l t he i sliiot[, }!Ii]lliiihah l] 1hit5l hisl ill'iiis llli',lilie 'lut li. liit s iiio o hi livi l riiotls issr i il oe hii i eill I o h liiii I t ,ll ,il T h'Jl i? llll iil \tltr l'rltrh r, ll li~ll1il tnitlill,!' ei ' 1 5ol oiht i tlii 1ll 1)0I tl oilmin ds l I Iio tl,, I I ii In t l lito o l Itthbiltl'li d yt Ili~ii to ?'it ti ili.Vlil lo ti itlo os tisfl~ 0li~iit l'lt 1olo to l t a t!tlio llt? iiiihtyo tllosl and alarm, that his face was torn by brambles and smeared with clay. She did not scream, as many girls would have done, but indignation burnt fieroely within her. She knew that John Gray was at the bottom of this fresh degradation, and for the moment she bated him as bitterly as did her father himself. For once in his life Adam Dare had been unable to leave his darker shadow without the gates of Elmhurst, and poured upon his daughter the full tor. rent of his passion. " Are you satibfied now 2" he almost yelled, as ho stood before her. "Are: you satisfied now that the sconudrel has attempted to take my life ?-are you satisfied now 2" Constance was not going to notice the anger of her father towards hor self. All she said, or oould say, was, " father, tell me what has happened ? What dreadful trouble has come upon us ? What is the meaning of your face being torn in this way 2" "It means," yelled Adam Dare, " that a villain has attempted to take my life-a villain I would shoot down as I would the foulest vermin of the earth I Stand out of the wayl I am an old man, but I can pull a trigger I I'll go and unearth the scoundrel, and put a bullet into him, if 1 live an hour longer I" Constance had her arms around her father's nook, and bogged him to be calm and allow them to plan together what should be done. She dared not say a word that would seem to palliate John Gray's conduct; and, indoeed, at this time, could not have said a word in his favor. With all her womanly tact there fore she got him to relate what had occurred, her object being to gain time for Iis anger to abate ; and she hooded not the bitter words which he, in the unreasonableness of his passion, heaped upon her. At last he promised to give up the idea of summary vengeance ; and from talking of guns and pistols came down to legal remedies, and doolaeod he would appeal to the law. He left her then with depressed mien and went to his room. Nine o'clook, the time appointed for the tryst, and no opportunity, no chance of keeping it. Adam Dare had remained in the house since the time hie arrived at it in a paroxysm of anger. At half-past nine there came a sum mons to Constanco from her father. Mr. Dare had his hat on, and his walking-stiokl in his hand. "-I am going out for half-an-hour," he said. "Where, papa ?" Constance asked quickly. No thought for herself was in her mind at this moment. She only feared lost her father should so soon onoounter the enemy. "I am going for a walk," Mr. Dare replied. "You don't usually ask me where I am going, and what I am going to do. What do you mean ?" "I do not want you to meet Mr. Gray, papa," Contanes said. " Nether do I wish to meet him," he replied grimly, "for I could not answer for the consetquenaes to him if I did." " Thon why go out, papa 2 " " Am I to load the life of a hermit because of that scoundrel 2" Mr. Dare argued, with ta return of his late vio lonce. " Am I to be afraid of moving out of my own house ? Don't talk to me I I am going to walk through the village and rouud by the common, and I'll defy a thousand scoundrels like Gray to prevent me I" Out of the house Mr. Dare bounced, emphasizing his start by a rattle of his stick upon the step. The moment he had gone Constanooe began to refloot. Did not this going out on the part of her father give her the desired opportunity of keeooping her appointment ? She would be nearly an hour lato; but it was mere than probable that Leon had waited for lier. If her father went through the village and round by the common each utop woul:l take him away from the lane where the meeting was to occur, and even her apprehouensive mind could fear no danger. Up the stairs she therefore tripped to fetch the only articles of attire she needed for the journey-a garden hat and a soarf. Loon was at the trysting.tree, and soon he had caught her in his arms and kissed her, Countanoo had no intention to refer to the culminating outbreak between her fether and Mr. Gray without Loon first alluded to it. This he was cor taiu not to do, for he, in just the same manner, lhad determined not to speak of it without Constaneo first referred to it. " how good of you to wait I" Con stanoe said. " I tried and tried to get away, but failed. Papa stayed in, and it was only ten minutos ago that I was free." "Nover mind, amy darling," ho ro plied, in a much more forgiving tone than ho had intonded to adopt some minutoe before--" never mind, so long as you have oomo. . Ind you not, 1 should, of course, havo oxpootod you at the same hour to-morrow; but in the meantime, think what -a state of mind 1 should have boon in, for I should have faroed that what wo ap prohond so mush had haponod." "I hope, Loon," uho replied, "that what we have hitherto guarded ogainst will never happen. If it doo, I calon. not formseo the roeult. It will beo wore? than noparation from my father, for ha will hate me, and I ihall haIo inynolf, ntd wihtl aUynoli l Bod. iinrk i What inl that ? lave you brought Iloro ?" T'Phner lhald heoan certainlly palpable runllig lIna hel heldgo, Jno11 loolwd lip m relll q. uicly 1han1l (ConIninOO heroalf, for hl ]lulew that " I hinen n lil I ro ht Iltgn,'" Ito I, ''I "1 rd a l itt,', ( t iina hli nv ' ( r bm It In Ii 'l 1 1, 1e lad va Io tid ih high hIl ie 111 ?isrn d h l u I 'l'hi 'll ' ll a iih.ll llii ltti hi" I , / t i t l l IIllllt" Constance chivered, for an unwel come sense of insecurity had crept over her. "Can it be possible," elo said, " that anyone bhas followed noo 2" "No," Loon replied. " Who would dare do ro. We will go further down the lane however." ])own the lano they walked, with ears on the alert for any betraying ounnd, Nothing woo to be heard, and again they stood still and repeated the initiatory hie, as though determined to commence in proper order again. For a long time they talked as lovers do; but at last the dread moment came. " Now I must go," said Constance, "It is past eleven, and what my father will think if heo renobhes home first I cannot tell." "Yes," he agreed ; "I am afraid you must go; but-but when am I to see you again ?" She raised her eyoe sadly to his. " I am afraid," she said, " that we must not moseet again-at least, only once more-before we part to wait patiently for that happy time when I can meet you without feeling that I am sinning against my father. I had fully made up my mind that to-night meet be that last time ; but I cannot leave you so. I must see you once more, but remember it must be only This wao a happier ending than Loon, hopeful mortal as he was, had looked for. Heo was quite content for the next meeting to be the last if its finality was to be like that of the pre. sent one. " Whore can I see you, darling?" he asked. "IHere, at the usual spot," she replied, smiling. Ho was so pleased, and kissed her so gaily, that it made her think she ought to undeceive him, if he believed, that next time he was to have the same easy conquest. For this- she was going to be so firm. " iMy love," he said, "shall 'you have made np your mind by that time to that dread parting of ours ?" e00 nestled closer ts him. " I am yours in heart," she said, " as you are mine. If you always love me as you love me now no person on earth could part as." Again there was a rustling in the hedge. Louder it was than before, and the lovers grow pale; for there was a distinct sonudeof retreating steps in a field beyond the hedge. "Oh I Loon," she half- cried, half whispered, " we have been seen I Who can it be ? They have followed me and watched na. What if the news be taken to my father 2 Oh I tell me -tell mo-wnat I am to do? For if my father heard of it he would east me from him. I do not want a roof to cover me, but I want his love. Take me home, for I do not seem to fear discovery now. Something tells me that the worst has happened I" Side-by-side the lovers walked to Elmhurst-to within sight of the lodge gatos. Within eight of these hol stopped, and raised her face to hiss her lover. "Leave me now," she said; "but when we shall moot again I do not know-porhaps never I" " Do not talk and think like that, Constanoo," he aLid. " We may not have been observed. Lot me son you at the time and plano appointed before we were disturbed by this noise." She only shook her bonead, "All real happiness is past," she said; "I fool it. But my thoughts will ever be with you, whatever trouble is in store. Try to be satisfied with the knowledge of this, as I must be content with knowing that you love, and over will love me. Now kies me, Loon, and I will go." One more passionate hiss, and sho was away and lost amid the shade of the carriagoedrive. He turned and walked homeward, but- much sooner would have tramped about all night to try and outpaeo with his feet his racing brain. Constaneoo walked with a firm stop to the house. She would not appear to anticipate that which her prophetic hoart had told her had happened. There wan no alternative perhaps but to carry with iher a pale face ; but she wao determined it' should not be an ashamed or alarmed one. She entered the reception-room on the ground-floor. Her father wast in it. Ho was sitting in an arm-chair, with his face turned to the door, as though waiting for her. All that sheo loved in his face seemed to have. died out, and though it was the countenance of her father, oho roooiled from it as from something hateful. It was not red with passion as earlier in the day; but in the light of the table-lamp it lookled white, hag. gard, and diabolically repellent. The lips seemed to be moistening them. selves, and moving lirke vonomous stings, aind the jaw hung low and fixed. Oountanceo' worst fear weoro real iead. ISht know that her love for Loon Gray had beeoun discovered, and that hebor father hlimself tad beeoon tle dutoontor. That night was long romomborod by thodomouticsofllmhurst, Notonowas there among them who did not feel that thebo end of oeverything had come, that irretriovablo disugrace had fallen upon all wvithin the gates of ill-feted Elhuharnt, They tried to shet their oeara to the ecraoe which theo father heoped upon the daughter; and Iheard witth wonder the daeughter amool Ihe vinlietiee rlage of her father with bitter eeoor, Th'leoy heard the father vow tlhact in liithillg i tet rcenio wotr Ceoinctiiero now his daughter; aln theoy hoiurd her toll him witth coeteeillit thl t thlat wc icll alo ,viuhod--tlct clie tutu loveld lhl , hut that he heed mcice her cilo lhi, 'ltinc they Ilacird lier ldelclalll to lIecc thio niiucie, cll i hiard ilh i( ith ti he itoeiii cuel duci l' lhii it whl i. hi 'li'eii y'iiir reicicit tir e toui l ' c iii] Cicctiiill c1 IIciiiicllli Il 'ciih l',i I, c11 hie luici' I iti! h! lie Ilicte" titu, li !'I c!ciy people to watch you night and day. To your room or I will drag you there I" Constance's mind was far aboro in timidatiou, and she merely considered what course she had best adopt. It was impossible to go to Leon, for like horself he was virtually dependont upon his father. She must bo patient and wait. "I go to my room with pleasure," she said. " It is the oua thing I most desire to do." iHe followed, demanded the loy, and looked her in. At that night Conestnooe eat at the window, looking out into the moonlit. park. " My love for my father, once so strong," she sobbed, "is dead. It died in that wretched room downstairs where he seat with hi face changed to a thing of evil. I will pray that that which is dead may be given back to me-though I fear that can never be." (To be coatiatcd.) 