'jSNTUttvL. vh:w:s Most apathetio interest oontinues to be shown in the approaching Burnett election, and unless the effete Opposition party has a surprise candidate in hand there is every prospect of Mr. Ryott Maugban, the Labour man, having a walk over. It is hardly con ceivable that such a thing should be possible in the Burnett electorate, but the present situation certainly wears that undesirable aspect. Hopes had been entertained that Mr. N. W. Brown, of Ban Ban, would bo induced to contest the electorate in the Ministerial interest, and a strong effort has been made to induoe him to do so. He has all the qualifications of a good representa tive ; few Burnett men have had a longer, wider, or more varied experience in the elec torate than Mr. Brown, who is an effective speaker into the bargain. But Mr. Brown has pleaded business engagements as a reason for declining the honour, ;which wo have little doubt the majority of the electors of the Burnett would have been prepared to bestow upon him. oo supporters of the Government, — always assuming that a definite and unquestionable assurance with regard to the Gayndah railway extension will be forthcoming before the election — must cost about in some other direction for a candidate. There is evidence of a decided disinclination to enter upon a campaign which only confers the privilege of Parlia mentary membership for next session, and will be followed by a return to tho country at the general eleotions next year, or per- i haps earlier, when a contost may have to be gone through again for the longer term of three years in the new Parliament. This attitude is a very regrettable one, though admittedly the new Premier's silence on the matter of the Gayndah rail way, rather encourages it, for no supporter of Mr. Byrnes could feel that it would be any use standing for the Burnett without an irrevocable pledge from tho Government of the early construction of that line. But we are hopeful that there will be such an acccptable pledge, for Mr. Dickson is the. colleague of Mr. Byrnes, and we know how very emphatic is his opinion that tho rail way should be extended with as little delay as possible. When Mr. Byrnes delivered his Warwick spefech, he may not have been acquainted with all the facts and promises regarding our Western extension ; ho com plained that he had not bad time to settle down in his new office and get everything into order ; therefore he has an excuse for remedying the defects of omission when tney are brought under his notice, as wo are aware they will be. It is rather to be wondered at, with two elections pending and two Govern ment scats at stake, that Mr. Byrnes does not visit those electorates (Murilla and Burnett), and allow the electors who are to be the first to exercise their suffrages sincc he took the Premiership, to see and hear tho man into whose hands they are asked to entrust the administrative affairs and guiding policy of the State. However, the disposition to let the approaching election pass, and concentrate forces on the contest at tlie general elections is most unwise. The fight should be now, and no effort should be spared to retain the seat in the Go vernment interest. A decisive victory now; would most probably ensure a ' walk over' at the general elections, but practical for- ? feiture of the seat, even f jr a short session, to political opponents, would be a concession of advantage that would weigh heavily against success when next the electors were appealed to. It is during the coming session, despite Mr. Byrnes' reservation of his railway works policy for the general elec tions, that we fervently hope to secure the sanction of Parliament to the construction of the Gayndah railway. It is therefore most desirable that the Burnett electorate shall show its confidence in the intentions of the Government, and desire to aid their fulfilment, by returning to Parliament as their representative, not Mr. Maughan, the Ipswich Labour agitator, nor Mr. ? Edwyn Lilley, tho ambitious Brisbane lawyer, but a good Burnett man, who3e ad- | vocacy of the interests ol that district will carry weight, and who will be the staunch colleague and ally of our own members in their agitation for the Gayndah railway. All reason urges the strengthening, and not the weakening, of the district 'bunch' at this juncture, when so much depends upon a united, solid, and influential voice in the House. At the Police Court yesterday morning, before E. Morey, Esq., Police Magistrate, Ludwig Berghafar, a labourer and Salva tionist, summoned Kate O'Dwyer, alias Kate Ah Why, for using abusive language towards him. Upon the case being called there was no appearance of the defendant, and it was just decided to issue a warrant for her arrest when defendant made her appearance, displaying much distress anJ weeping freely. The ease proceeding, the defendant, who was before the Court last week and fined £2 for disorderly conduot, pleaded guilty. Sergeant Graham ex plained that the defendant was a great annoyanoe to the neighbours in John street. Tho defendant said that everything was right until complainant came to live in the lane. The P.M. told defendant that com plaints had been received that there was a nest of them in John lane, and she was the ringleader. The defendant in a piteous appeal, asked to be given another chance, remarking that sho was going away for three months if she didn't pay tbe fine. The defendant was fined £5 or three months' imprisonment in Brisbane gacl. The de fendant did not relish the verdict, and created quite a scene with her loud wrang ling as she was removed from the Court. We have been requested to state for the information of our country readers round Tiaro, Netherby, and Yengarie, that Mr. M'Cormick left town yesterday to visit those places. He goes direct to Tiaro, and will address a meeting 'at Yengarie on Friday next, at 7 o'clock, when 'he will speak on dairying generally ; but tho object of Mr. M'Cormick's visit is to bring the pro posed butter factory in Maryborough more immediately under their notice, with a view ( of securing their support. The Granville Division Appeal Court has been postponed from 2nd to 4th May. Anothbr fine assortment of Fancy Flan nelettes has just been received by Finney, Isles, & Co. ; price, 3s. lid. and 4s. lid. dozen yardB. ? Country people can rely on their orders being executed satisfactorily by this firm. Patterns, price lists, and fashion | plates, with all business information, on application. ? ? \- A special meeting of the oommittca otthe Pastoral and Agricultural Sooiety was held last night. Present— Messrs. J. E. Noakos (president), E. A. Hyde, A. W. Cameron E. Hastings, H. Whiiaker, P. Biddies, H H. Ellwood, W. A. A. Bates, W. J. Fmc more, Jon. Murray, and W. Hatton. The secretary (Mr. Geo. Willey) explained that tho business was to elect two delegates to the AgriciJtural Conference to be held in Rockharapton on May 11th and 12th. The President asked for nominations, with the result that Mr. Bates and himself were ddftcted; Tbe President intimated that he would read a paper on 44 Experimental Cane .Farms and Mr. Bates stated that be would paper on Canoer in Dairy Cattle, 3and its effects upon the consumer.' The appointments will be forwarded to the Department of Agriculture, and the free railway passes will be Issued in due course. The following official notifications appear in Saturday's Government Gazette : — Pub- Jio, Instruction. — Transfers: W. C. Little, to be assistant teacher in the Albert School! Maryborough; and Annie E. Wearin, to be assistant teacher at Maryborough West; - Elizabeth R. Ingham, to be admitted into the service. Class III., division 3, and he assistant at teacher at Nanango. Post and Telegraph Department. — The undermen tioned appointments and transfers of assis tants in the Post and Telegraph Depart ment have been approved : W. H. Caldwell, assistant in charge, Gin Gin, to Bundaberg, as assistant ; J. B. Myles, paid learner, Gympie( to be junior assistant, Childers. In connection with our report of the Mount Morgan North G.M. Co. meeting in yesterday's issue, Mr. Miller called in and informed us that ho had no desire to shift the office from Maryborough, as stated in our report, and only wanted a branch office established at the Mount. Me. F. W. Bawden is now enrolling voters for the Registration Court, to be held on the first Tuesday in June. He intends visiting the different industries in town during luncheon hour, for the convenience of those who are unable to get down as far as Kent street. Thboogh the inability of the members of the Burrum Board to agree upon the elec tion of their Chairman for the ensuing year, the matter went to the Governor-in-Council, with tbe result that the former Chairman, Mr. E. B. C. Corser, has been gazetted as Chairman for the next term. Mb. H. P. Hansen, the well-known gun smith, is going out of business in Mary borough, and leaves shortly for the north. He announces a sale of firearms, &c.;, at his , shop in Adelaide street. I The Horticultural Society now affiliated | with the Technical College of the School of Arts, will hold a Chrysanthemum Show in the class rooms on Friday night. A Land Court for the determination of rents, &cM; will be held at the Court House, Maryborough, on Friday, 27th May, at 10 a.m. In Cas8ier'# Magazine , Mr. G. E. Walsh contributes an article on ' Fortunes in Nuggets of Gold.'1 The largest and most vaiuauie nugget ot goia ever louna, ne says, was discovered in Australia in 1852. It was reported to weigh 2231b. 4oz., and was worth about £11,000. No authenticated find in North America has quite reached this, but there have been some solid nuggets that represented pretty good fortunes. The largest and finest nugget was unearthed in California on Nov. 18, 1854, at Cainp Corona, in Tuolumne County. It was found by Oliver Martin, and in the history of gold mining in that State it is known as the Oliver Martin Nugget. Pictures and bronze facsimiles of this wonderful piece of gold have been deposited in many mineral col* lections in the museums of Europe and America. The precious chunk weighed 1511b. 6oz., and was larger than a man's body. It was almost pure gold, mixed with some white quartz. When it was con verted into bullion, after it had been on exhibition for a long time, the gold sold for 36,270dol. (£7254). The nugget was found at the base of a tree where the lucky miner was digging a hole to bury bis dead com panion. The two had been prospecting over the hills and mines for weeks until nearly dead from exhaustion. Flower. Martin's companion, wag killed by a storm which lasted several days and nights, and the surviving miner tried to give him a dccent burial. He was rewarded for his labour bv discovering the nugget. The lump was too large for him to dig out alone in his weakened condition, and he had to seek the assistance of other miners. Since it is not only possible that persons pan return from another world, but that thcro arc well-authenticated accounts of persons who have done so, must we, then, believe all the current stories about spirits or ghosts 9 By no means, for there is not one of them out of a thousand worthy of the least credence, or could stand the test of examina tion. They will, in almost every case, can be explained in a natural way, even those of the reality of which there appears to be little doubt. Fear and an excited imagination will conjure up imaginary apparitions and spectres. So will a gloomy and melancholy temperament. When the Puritans, of whom gloom and melancholy were characteristic qualities, became the dominant power in England in 1649, we read that there was a wide-spread fear of ghosts never known be fore in the land. Remorse of conscience for great and unnatural crimes, will, too, bring up unreal spectres threatening punishment or vengence. The real ghosts, then, in the past, beyond what a deluded imagination painted, have been few and far between, and they promise to be so in the future, Nor is it necessary that there should be many ghosts, since wc have ' Moses and the prophets' to direct and warn us, and do nqt need the spirit of a Lazarus to come from the ' bosom of Abraham' to do so. If. however, a genuine ghost should appear to any of us, which, after all, is possible, to ask, perhaps, the assistance of our prayers, or otherwise to warn us, we need not feel the least alarm, particularly so if our conscience be at peace with God, for no ghost, no spirit, no apparation, not even a fancy, can do us any harm or injury unless by God's permis sion. —Catholic Review . Mb. J. Lesina, editor of the Northern Labor organ, the Towers Eagle , gave a lecture in the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, (says the Gympie Miner) entitled 11 The Barbarism that is, and the Civilisation that might be.' About 100 persons bad assembled in the body of the hall shortly after the commencement, but during the course of an adddrcss which occupied nearly three hours in its delivery, it was onjy natural to expect this number would dwindle away, which it did, though most sat it out to thp bitter end. At the conclusion of the meeting, half an hour before midnight, Mr. Lesina, who is a very fluent speaker, was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. It is officially c ?tiinated that the wheat yield of South Australia is 1*64 bushels to the acre, as compared with 1*66 obtained for the previous season. As the result of the damp, Gk0?S Stupabt has about 12 dozen Tan 1 Gloves, spotted (slightly), which he is clear ng out at Is. 6d. pair. 