THE SERMON. REST. A SERMON BY THE REV. JOHN WATSFORD, OP KEW. "For. we which have believed do enter into rest."—Hebrews iv. 8. The Epistle to the Hebrews is a glorious book on full salvation. When my dear friend and missionary comrade, the Rev. John Hunt, was on his dying bed he said again and again to us, "Read to me the ninth and tenth chapters of Hebrews," and when they were read*.to him, he said, "O, what a view I have there of my blessed Saviour and His great' Work for me." It' teaches that we have l^oljihess tcf £pter jntp the holiest by the bldojihof Christy that access to the Holy God/and -fellowship with Him may be a daily life and experi ence; and it tells of a rest for all the people of God. Let us consider— 1\. What this rest is. 2\. How we may enter into it. I.—WHAT IS THIS REST spoken of in the text and the preceding : verses. I 1. It is not the rest of the Sabbath. That ; is called a rest, for "God did rest the seventh day from all his works." But to those who had the Sabbath Day, another rest was promised—w. 3, 4. 2\. It is not the rest of Canaan, "for if Joshua had 'given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day." After that, 6ays the Apostle, "there remaineth a "rest to the people of God." The Sabbath* and Canaan were types and patterns of this rest, but not the rest it self. 3\. It is not the rest of Heaven. There I is 6weet and everlasting rest in Heaven jfor every true believer, who is faithful to the end; but that is not the rest referred to here. It is a present rest, into which (believers enter now, "For we which have j believed do enter into that rest," and "He that is entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own works, as God did I from His." 4\. It is not rest from religious labours, or ' the service of God. In Heaven -there-is ! no rest of this kind, for they serve God day and night in His temple. ' Here on earth His servants are always abounding in the work of the Lord—they wrestle, they fight, they pray, they seek to rescue the perishing, and are ever doing God s will. To them labour is rest. What, then, is this rest? It is spiritual, perfect, present, delightful. In one of our hymns we have:— . ] ".Lord, I believe a rest remains, I ' To all thy people known; A rest where pure enjoyment reigns, I And Thou art loved alone. A rest where all our 60ul's desire la fixed on things above; Where fear, and grief, and sin expire, Cast out by perfect love." REST FROM SIN AND WORRY. It is— 1\. Rest from sin—from all sin, outward and inward. "Thou shalt call His name Jesus, for He shall save His people from their sins." "How shall we who are dead to sin live any longer therein?" "The blood of Jesus, His Son, cleanseth us from all sin." Not covers our sin, not represses sin, but cleanseth us from all sin. It is sometimes said that our corrupt nature cannot be made better, that the old Adam cannot be mended. No, but Jesus Christ can cleanse us and mend us, and He loved us and gave Himself for us that He might cleanse and sanctify us wholly. "Sin is the transgression of the law." "Whosoever abideth in Him Binneth not; whosoever sinneth hath not seen Him, neither known Him." "He that committeth sin. is of the devil." "Whosoever is born of God doth not commit 6in, for His seed remaineth in him; and he cannot sin, because he is born of God." 2\. It is rest from a divided heart. There is no rest, no peace, to the wicked. There is but little rest for him who is not fully decided for Christ, not fully consecrated to Ilim. But when cleansed froA self and sin, and filled with the spirit, then there is perfect rest. Then the believer can sing— "Now rest my long-divided heart, Fixed on this blissful centre rest; Nor ever from thy Lord depart, With Him of every good possoss'd." 3\. It is rest from worry. In the world men say it is not work that kills, but worry; and that is true in religion, for worry kills the spiritual life—worry about our body, our business, our family, our work, the future. But wheu we enter this rest worry is over. "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace Whose mind is stayed on Thee."—Isaiah 26, J3. _ "Casting ail your care upon Him, for He careth for you."— I. Peter, v. 7.' "In nothing be anxious; but, in everything, !)£ prayer and supplica tion, with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. And the peace pf God, which pa(6seth all understanding, shall guard your hearts and your thoughts in Christ Jesus."—Phil.l, v. 6. " Hidden in the hollow Of His blessed hand, Never foe can. follow. Never traitor stand; Not a surge of worry. Not a shade of care, , w Not a Mast.of fiuiry Vir L —... Reach the" spirit thie." 1 I have eteh h^eautiftd iSK^fdr the wall* . which I recommend every Christian to get ' or make, and place where he will daily see it. it is this— * J . "It you trust, you will not worry; < If you worry, you do not" trust." _ REST FHOM FEAR. 4\. It i*b a rest from fear. There is a fear that is right—a reverential fear—a filial fear. " Blessed is the man that feareth always." " Then had the churches rest, and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied." ' " Let us have grace, that we may serve God acceptably, with re verence and godly fear." But there is a fear that is wrong, from which we may be delivered—" That, we being delivered out of the hands of our enemies, might serve Him without fear, in holiness and righteousness before Him, all the days of lour life." It is rest from the slavish fear i of God. It is the rest of the loving, j obedient child. It is rest from the ensnar ing fear of man. O, that fear of | man! How often has it made men soften the truth and smooth their tongues? How often has it kept us silent when we ought to have spoken out? " Grant unto Ihy servants that with all boldness they may speak Thy word," and filled with the Holy Ghost, " they 6pake the word of God with boldness." "Pray for me," said Paul, "that I may open my mouth boldly to make known the mystery of the Gospel," and how fearlessly he preached the word. It is rest from the tormenting fear of death. Death is an enemy, the last enemy that shall be destroyed—then Jesus will come to judge the world. Now Christians die, but the fear of death is taken away. In Hebrews ii., 14-15, we are taught that Jesus was made man, "that He might de stroy him that had the power of death— that is the devil—and deliver them who, through fear of death, were all their life time subject to bondage." So that the Christian does not see death. He sees Jesus, and can say, "Though I walk through the valley and shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for Thou art with me." I do not know what you may think, but if all my friends on earth and all the angels ir; heaven were with me, I could not face de\th unless I knew that Jesus was with me.\ Gloi-y be to His name! I know He Will fce with me, for He has said, " 1 will obfhd again, and receive you to myself." There are some who would take that | bhjfised promise from us, who say that it |jdoes not apply, for death is not the coming of Christ. We do not say that death is the coming of Christ, but we do say that Christ is there at death to receive the dy ing saint. With us all the way, surely He wul not leave us then. When the martyr Stephen fell beneath the shower of stones, he cried, " Lord Jesus, receive my spirit." wv V.1 JJV1U U COUOj 1CVC1VC 111Jr S|1U1V« " Oh," said a dying girl in the Ballarat dis-1 trict, " I thought that J v..-*, j. tuai, Jesus would send an angel for me, hut He has come Himself, and brought the angel with Him." You have heard of the conversion of Thakam bau, the once ferocious cannibal king of Fiji. "When he wa6 dying," the mis sionary says, "I stood outside the screen of his sleeping-place, and heard his last prayer. He said, ' Now, Jesus, now is your time to help me. -No one else can. I'm in the valley and shadow of death. Hold me fast, Jesus! hold-me fast.' Then triumphantly, ' Who shall separate me from the love of Christ?" and the happy, sanctified spirit was in the arms of Jesus." n. HOW WE MAY ENTER INTO THIS REST. Read Heb. iii. 19 an you will there learn that the Israelites could not enter into the rest of Canaan because of their un belief. Unbelief will also keep you out of this rest. Read Heb. 12,10, .which teaches that "he who is entered into his rest hath ceased from his own works, as God did [ from His." By works shall no man be jus-. tified, be sanctified, or enter this rest. j Now read Hebrew iv. 3, where we are told , that we who have believed do enter | into rest. "This is the way, the only way. By grace are ye saved through faith." In Acts xv., 8,9, we read that God purified their hearts by faith. 1 What, then, is the meaning of the words j in our text, "Let us labour to enter," &c.; i In the R.V. it is "Let us therefore give diligence to enter." The word means to I strive, be in earnest; but it must mean be in earnest to enter by faith. We have to "fight the good fight of faith." There is opposition—the carnal forces of our nature and the powers of hell fight hard to pre vent our entrance. Wtih all earnestness, strong in the strength which Christ will supply, our faith must press through every | difficulty, till victory iB ours, and we gain the promised rest. The first meaning of this word "labour" is " to make haste." Make haste to enter. "To-day, while it is called to-day," is God's word to every one of us. There is the rest before us. The Lord has promised to give it to us; to bring us into it. Let us at once go up and take possession. There may be, will be, difficulties. Some Jordan be tween you and it that must be' crossed. You know what it is, and thp Lord knows. Just beyond the river there are the frown ing walls of Jericho. You will be called to witness for Christ if you enter this rest, and those who are unconcerned about it will set you down as spiritually proud and presumptuous. And there, all through the Promised Land, you can see the 6ons of Anak, the giants—what you may be called to do, to suffer; where you may be called to go for Jesus. All these, arid a thousand more difficulties, may arise before you; but only go forward in-- faith, in the name of the Lord, and the difficulties will vanish. As soon as your feet touch the Jordan, though it overflow all its banks, it will divide before you; the walls of Jericho trill fall without a blow; and the Lord willj drive every Canaanite out of the land, and I give you rest. ' 