The Kiama Electorate. ADDRESS BY MR. GEORGE W. FULLER. AN ENTHUSIASTIC RECEPTION, REPLYING TO MR: CAMPBELL -- WHAT HE HAS REAlLY DONE FOR US THE TREND OF THE ELECTION-FEDERATION OR PROTEOTION. MR. GEORGE REID THE MAN. ON Monday night last, in the Oddfellows' Hall, Kiama, .Mr. George. W. Fiuller ad dressed a meeting of some 600 electors. The meeting, from a' political point of view, was one of the most successful and enthusiastic ever held here. On the stage was a large number of Mr.. Fuller's sup. porters including Messrs C. W. Craig, H. P, Robb, R, Cunningham, M. N. Hind marsh, J Smillie. J Love, G. Walker, O. L. Jackson, R. Holden and C, Milne, senr As Mr. Fuller walked along the hall to the stage, accompanied by the Mayor (Mr. T. Love, J.P,, who presideid) he was loudly applauded; and the applause was renewed heartily when he stepped for'ward to com mence his address after a few introductory words by the Chairman.. Mr. Fuller said he thanked the Chaimaii for his kind intoduction, and the audience for the very hearty and enthusiastio manner in which 'they had received him. If any thing would warrant hiem in coming out to onatest the election, it would be the rcep tion they gave him that-night in his own native town of Kiama, (Applause.) It was through no fault of the t(ama electors that he was defeated formerly; and he'lbelieved they would be mainly inetru mental in re t sing him at the head of the poll on this occasion. (Applause.) I)u ing the past fi.ur years they had been represented in Parliament by Mr, Alexander Campbell; anrd when he (Mr. Fuller) addre.??d his filat meeting in lama he went into Mr. Campbell's politi. cal actions. He made no reference to his personal charactor, as every gentleman who heard him must admit; but notwithstand ing that fact rumors had gone throughout the whole electorate to the effect that he had devoted nearly the whole of his speech to running down Mr Campbell. He wished it to be understood now that throughout the whole electorate he had not made any remiirks of a prsonual kind, nor did' he intend to do so. But in regard to' Mr; Campbell's politidal actions he ' was entitled toouitruiieo hem iii a fair and reason. able way. Mr. Campboll.had also addreseed them, and he beld the speech ii'hid, handi The first criticismn he had indulged in was in regard to Mr. Campbell's action in conw nection wrth THE LOCAL OPTION QUESTION. .He had said that Mr. Campbell had' promised the' temperance people tht' if. returned he would vote for: Lboil Optiori w?ithout comlonsation i but vwheu'in Parlia inent, on the Poatrmastert*eneral;Mr. Cook,_ iltroducing ia Local Option dlill.and., when a ameundment.wae moved by Mr, OCpeland. to provide for a yste s rtrof u.,ripeirisatiout Mr. ~tuapboll went back upon his promise to the lectotae and recorded bib vote for that: amundmeut and the pr'tuiplpi of : cotmlpuh eation and on the saeond ,oocrciot' when the question was btuught before the House Mr. Campbell absenited himself, altogether itrm thedivietoun. Mr. Campbell' hid at tempted to reply to te chargeby by aying that when he fouoid In eauh House there was not a ghost of a show to' obtain Local Option without compenoation.' "to -acted rightly in vjutig for the printoille of ,ornt.. pounsatln 'to be brioght?0., That was'groing clean behind the promise he gave the people of this electorate: (Apphiuse,) tin. - i- E sip dubNBIsC TNdY. 'Mr. Campbell lad been to the trouble of bunting up iho flled of the Kiatus " Re? ;porter' .to. enudiavour;.to. prove that. he (Mr, Fuller) bod ba bcp aqually iuooubieteut on this queeiio, ; but he could' not bring any en .or' evidenceto e6how that he had boen itiuiundietnt, Mr. ' Compbell 'hlid quitted Irim au'edltorial paragraph-in the paiper nutiedi's -sfollows I--"We are not aware the tW Mr Fuller has forfeited the oonei tldence ol, his old uonstituenbr ' by, any altortition il? his pnli'ical creed, except, perhaps, as- rogaridi tri a titude to the im portant question of compenoetion to publioau"s, Now, he felt sure thatnot a than listening to him. onild bhold him r~o sponsable for what that teditor chi sen ito put in his paper iogardi ilI hp speaketr' optpiptne eir this question. Ii' Mr, lurmpbtll wantri to show t.hat he was iucmonesterir,,he should have quoted from spoei.hoes made by him (Mr. Fuller) or brought some oottpotenut person to prove that be hid o?ainge'd his' views on the subjecbt '- H was riOt able to do so, 'though he tobasted and eemoed'proutd that he was 'in the same poestilon as: the ipeaker on this 'important question; He (Mr. Fuller) had always advocated a system of tirme ompensatiorto and these' we'e his principles now 'a:id also those of the Local Option Party. 'Mr. Campbell 'hurd lirlued ia complete political' arotneinauli til this qgioetion in order to br' in the ?filget pbettion as the sepboirer.. (Applu?ne ): Tli lext quoation .was that of S :TENANTN S I0tlO1'',.. If theorewere any tenanRt farmers listea : lug to him. he felt atisflled they would. '?iree with him:.that if-their .vrtoeas wproe i'h fluenond to Mr. Campbell: it ti,h ? ls, 'eloetion it was oni the .promise Ie' maid: t6, introduce a:Touant Rights .Bill, to :aatli- ineout. He distinctly prorniad' ibd t t:.ht would do so... ie had ;neot.dund blo: arid' row tried to gi.t out .of itby- irivg :thet: he did not promise to d :o s,' but that hea would support a Tenants Rights Bill if it wase Introdueoodby someone else. 'When a man came bbfore 'theo' eluitors, searking eleotion, snid gay theta .datinot. proties Itn intelligent eleo(orate euch as that 'of Kilan'iaiwas.not entitled -tr .wait for ?he repre?sentative of some other eleotorat. to introdieoo the Bill,. (Applause,) Mr, OatihpK bell' eaid'there wore many dLnloultioe euro rounding aprivateo momber in introducing snuoh 'a 1Bill. 'Now, thoiewas no :diffoulty. ,i' any shape qr form. Any privnte metrnir wle entitlhd to introduoe any' Bill piovrided it was not one to impole fresh taxation rli the pesople :Any member could frarao: euh ta '.tll~ put- it' oii t?hbueiness paper, ajid bring -it on - in th-e ordinary courose of builnees, But Mr. Campboll nevoer.knew whata Bill hi bthia naturo- really was,:rtior -'what blauseee '.itn.ught toeoontain. (Ap. plueusr' .)4rCattpbell oenterod Parliament as a flairtt adinorpondeint candidatoe arnd Iit weA reported that hpw?,iB goitgto. bring, in a- Tenants Rights Bill oi a system - impbrted from Ireland, but his political prinoipleno ritpped 'hinl :frthntdoirnlg tiny souh thing, 'A td Mr. Iamphill's proilras 'to support \- . -( ONETST: OoVlENMi?iN , tl ' :". ' his evote on tboh'ie C ivl Pr 'lpiill ild.lltot. o lnolido -with that preimise le ,(Mr; -Fuller) had polutedoiut tht t this Bill we?e Pne lat 74 #1 4hiPgk~ i~A~PesFt~ rla ·'a entitled to a great deal of credit. (Apolaiuse) HI, knew perfeotly well that a number of injustices bad been done by the Civil Service Board;r he linow that a number of his old frienda had been unjustly' dismiseed fromn tbp Se'fvice and received' harsh' treat meent' ,but wheon thdv'amre to consider how political bribery and corruption' were rampant in the serioce beforeo':the measure wese enforced,O ard that it behd saved- the poopie of thi ocolo'y: over £300 00U a year, hre would say that the Reid administration was entitled to a largeamount of credit for having, pased thb Bill. (Applause.) Mr. Campbg'(l. bd quotdid an inbtance of injus tioe that hid beue d'rio by the Oivil er vice Board in the oise of a Clerk of Petty Sa:olone at .Nowra, ,,who, he said, was ul.risttyi.'trenoeted ead harshbly dismiessed. Butnopiomnttter "F thie kind did iiot irffeot the whole colony. Thiere were a number of gentlemen present' who would agree with him that if ea few: more Clerks of Petty Seeitns, wee ?dismissed from the service it w',uld do no harm to the country. (('heers,) The next matter to'which he would refer was the LANP ANfD INCOME TAX D3ILL. Ac:far as he was concerned, while he was . t etntitlerl to.any credit for assisting to pass thlI'B111, 'a the -same'time he was not .rPttlehd l r nauy blame in.couneoctiotr with it. But he knew that 'exorbitant pricee had bren put Upon uany propeites by' incom peteut Iassaetore, which had done much to bring the.measure into disrepute. 'When' he wa boeteire them''at the last election he told them that he. would first advooite a Laocal Government Bdl, and if 'such a imorsplie had ,been pasred the entral Govern'meont would have been relieved to stch an' extent that no further' taxation would be necessary. But if,' after the establiahplnelt of ,Local Government, any further': taiation should be `found n ceesary; -'then the"' proper . place: to go to for taxation:was the land, inoonea and property gene!ally of the colony,' (Ap. planuee.) Mr, Campbell was going about the electorate appealing to the lanudowners with the cry that he would vote to'do away with the Land' Tax, Now, he .would::like tnose laud-owners to remember that Mt. Campbell; when this' Bill was before the. Ilouee, eaidihe believed.it was a wise and just one, 'idd that hb?. anid m'any' othore wniuld vote for it if the Lucal Government Bill' was first' passed. But who were responsible for that Bill not being passed ? Mr,.neild first introduced tihe Ldosl' Gov or' ment Blll ' but in consequence ofl the attitude a~sumed towards it by Mr, Oa npbell's party,stnd".tho Labor party' tot, rii:lirraihattoirpt to' iiitrod'dbe ooe'Man One Vtei, Mr. Reid had to throw his Local Uovernment Bilfl"nder the table aid go.on wiih 'the Laud' arid Ioonie l'ax 'Bil,: sao that thoe people were now saddled with .two ots of taplation. .He) hoped ;the'ýlet tora.' wdould iemin'bibr tlhat Mi' CODmpbell had asiete'd to pievent the passage of tbo'Local lovrniitneut h1ilt (Appliase,) .Mr, (amp bell lied' aito :noted to. abolish ,the £2411 '.xemltion in the Land 'Iax,' anrd had h?s vote been successful.every 'laudihoider would have had to' pay an additionikl £1 per annum.' Mr, Campbell bad not denied that what.be:(Ylr. Fuller) hbd surtged him with saying. regarding his 6.iuinou"on ,this Bill wee perfectly correct, ,-. he next thing he wished to critioise wa? Mr; ampbell's claims for ofbtdit for what:he. had done for the electorate iu the way, of LOCAL ltEQttUIREt1NT5, .He (Mr, Fuller) bhud made this etatement 'and `Mr.,? aiupbell's e'.peh didi not sehow that it was, ihcorreot-that he dghe?dlMr, i.ampbell o),~ny of his supporters ti .'"show anyy seingle thing he: was respouisible "for having .onrrird out for:thtie northern portion of the electorate, and he was prepared to ehow that:Mhr,c 0ampbell had very much exaggeratedb.hle claims, to credit, for any." thing doneafor that partioti of the electorate' -that tholidt for which he claimed credit, with thai;.'dmptipu' of 'a Public SChool at 1omnbou, 'of" whch: hd '(Mr,.Fdillol)l had no knowledgi, 'tr. Campbell was not entitled. to credit. fr any eigle one. of; the things t.iutionedai; .(Applaueo,) . The first' item waii £3t)0; spent at the reqiuestl of the atunioipal Councils inclearing obstructio'ns orom the Mipuamurra River. it appeared, ijcordrig 'to Mr. COampbell6 that it was ' my big brother and 'iu" who got this rioyney.. Itwase not Mr: Alexander OCr~hp. hell who :gl'titt, but' thb 'liembei 'for Wollongotng The draining of Torragbng d'wanrp weas the eikt itoiil, .Mr, Campbell inat not attempt to say that "me and my. Inothorrr":lid tirs idoo,: E vbry! muinicipal' iipreeeatei itre! 3hassct rgl that the mian Lon as ? udtrtiientel inhiistrting tihe woirk ?, tMr;. ,ti i eOarruthoes, Minister' foi .laUde;:,, ppl ). If Mr.'t Campbell . ud lookpd,properly rafter the intoreets of this' dis|trlbtr, .' eltovdi. o, of allfrwiregji, bthe t.Iriitat'r (bf Lap dsto' tak.? pwy neirly:tho lwhblir ltip': ballif? ?h' ? iie':tioe people but ,avery. smk' aonionhab9. would have buoe ,difrlghtlfýi pt:: i?:$'th" thos'owhouiC.ihe wet eoitirtbd bt6 nprsbi'ft; (haseod.) 'MMra .uam p blltl(pb(dr rtnl dteoi eur idg £i80 .for iho North?M amit diemtery,. esboring that heo wae looui og after tho ded; as.well as.th bo living. : .It'lppaard" to. him (he: speqdi er)' that'at thrpi lt generr ele oootidii t lrew ' ' p on I politrcian wrld ojjin,?°?o p arlbillc Ihviotf i ra)id h'ieslid toW hrave. e of ther pro'erly. ilitorrods.." SLhugliter.) Mr. Campbhll also teok credit fo~.l.hnvlng the' footpbth. made Oil"ront of .the O onat Ilons and;oother ub'. lie buildiegs tn Ilaran, but .tbhuiw'frk 'was done b:y thre Muniibel :Oounioll, of; Kiiitia, ,who wrote to.the oveornont iid':'aaked thera to carry it out, wth wtho result that iailf the expecibeu woird pa?d by the G'overuc 'moinet and half by the Couno;!,. ''rherde being some' delay in getting th' oovern 'mnate share'of the cost, the CoUi'illn'aked Mret Oampboll to loivo a letter, onthe cub ijotio th';Goverament'DePjartmerit, and that ?twii: ail' he& had' do:: toiaiverdes this' work6"' (fleqr ' boar :ahd' mnpplaie) 1: 'l'1eI ;iaeo'? said'be"c had seoied £1o0 for: the IKlaina' hoi'i< l ad .rooeatlor~' 'ground;.i I (Mr,?lflller). ould riilhbsitatingly siy thart 'sr. Oajlit?iell l ii'i nltiso.' whate9nveri sihtut itlr e£100 'uatilt'j':pippurd:riil. 'the'o' .lublie picas, of hi.?iitcaoltr gy Whit retally happnd we that theo trtet?os of the grtruiid iieltdMr iCi :I"tl?rt .to irgaunt tho"aalO0 : ti inpi, oveiti ,e gioir d,i , ,i it ftrat refutn ,d hut cii ?a.oi c od odolonn when: hoe wpes ii Kiimint lia: w a ai g, .',ll l'?f?o ,ia?d eit he then proisre di o so. e tintt clriurli, b done, 'Ii Junetl I-'t) thie? trustiles reaived i, • " , : .:i ', "'.:". '" " : " " . " ". ?', Kiamarna, aying that the UndopBoorotary ior Trade and Fininceo had b?in inialruetod to ast apaet the 'sim of £100. for thi groiind 'iplpauie.) A aseo'nd letter, though.lha ainao saurce, was forwardAd to th" 'T'ru'?toe' sayiiig that the money w';s pad to' thir oioilit, sothat Mr. Campbell had nothing whatever to do with it. (Applause.) The next thing was the .ACQUAkIT PIrAs, OA'n T .. They all' knew, thit Mr.i" adipbell. was endeavoring in Kiaua a.nd other parse of the electorate, to get a great deal of cridit foi ecotuiig.thia road. Although it wt taot a matter. which atogethber direct affootod K-amsn, etill it was necessary for them to know what reallvhtppleed in con n.otinn with it. It was.uow some 20 years (in 1878) aince the agitatiou for this road was started by a letter sent by Mr. Evan BEvaus, of Dapto,. to Captain Ouelow, the then, representative of 'Uamden in Pat harmeut. There were a nuictmr of':deput. tutions and rtquaetion.a i conneotion with the matter eubsiquently, but up to the time he (the pesaker) enterld Parliaoient very little wea doue in the mutter. , He persuaded Mr, iruice Bimith, the .then Mioister for Worik, to s6t sjde £2000' for this toai ; but the Mess Valy to Roberteon iailway., was oouindered more important,. and the Macquirie Pase.road they alldwed' to av for the time, .'Trohugh the untion. of Mr. McCourt the railway was defeated, At'd At' ihiatime he (hir 'Fuller) :'wenot' out of' Pirliament. le gave Mr, .Arohibald .imnpbell every oredit for his ehire 'of the 'ffort to iioure this road, but all.that opuld be said. for 'Mr Alei,. ampbell i`jni ho matter was one small letter in the Goverit. ment Depaitmett aintnget a largo maibs ao cur?espoudenoe on the aubjeot. It *iould be within their romemebraO:ithat someo time ago, a party oonetistng' df M'r, Young (Miuister for Worki) Mr. Carruthere Mr., Hawthorne, Me.P., the spealker and 'othe'ri went on a viadt' to Robetteon, and after addressing a meeting, there thoy' took the' Miniiter'for Waoks to the top of .the Pdes, ihoiwed him the ptuoriamau of Illawarra, and pboited out the advisability of openiui up the road aiUd, oonuetting ,oiberteou with' the Illawarra ditriot. Withint ix wi ek. 't'eowarda Mr, Young couentmed to the paiaing of the money for the road, with the reault that the celebration of ite opeuing was perforhed"the other day with a hugo piiouto. (Applaube.)' Mr. Alex. Campbel! said tloy had all oijoyod themselves at thil pinoui, but he was . iatteied that Mr, CJiimpbell had not dono so, It was noticed by the liobeitsoo people predent that in two 'ipeBohee mido by' Mr. Young;although he mentioned the aume of Mr.;Archibald Campbell, he never ooe aspoke of AMr. Alexander Oampbell in oounection' wtih the roadi" " 'He" had: given Mr Alox. oampbell an opportunity' to answer him on this ubjoot, 'and 'many repreeultative oebple in Robertsnr wondered that he 'had made no attimptto do so.. They canme to the conolilaio 'accordiugly that the opeaker's vsaiain of the matter was true and h now' giavelt to the people of Kiiam; with as muutoh'luerity and truth as be gave iit to the people of Itbertson, (Appltuae,) XAN GAiooo YALL1iY nDtIue. It was probablo that a :number present thought it was Mr,. ,lamnpbell who ouc ceded, in geottlg thoe Kugaroo Valley suepension bridge erected. Mr. tlamipbell had"boee a ukel tbhe qouestion itilKiarma,and allthe aneiwer he could give was tont he was in the House when the ebtimate for the bridge was paeeed, but in other parts of the electorate hoh'ad olaitnel credit .or bhaing,' the bidge ereouted. Now,' Mr. Uampball. had nothing to do with that bridge,.: It was done at the instance of Mr. T. £'leorid Mr'. .Jarratt and others well 'known . h Kaugoroo Valley, who 'went. some eaitfa ago on a deputation to the' Government, pintutd out that.iht old bridge as fe lling down; nid seoured £000 to put it an repair, besides receiving ia promise that a aui of money would beoset apart to eroet a new bridgeoiaud eighteedn months before Mr. Campllel',thought of entering Pa'rliament the pl?ns indalil details were prepared for this new brlidge, (Applause,) INTR0onDUoiN DnePiuTATIONs BElltND :TI X. c i.lill s''IS A X; , , The other day be.(Mr.: Fuller) addressed a meeting of elector. from the verandah of the Pioneer Hotel; Kangaroo Valley, and an instoneo 'tanapired at that mooting that weas quiie uupio0edented in the annals of political history iu'this country .Whtle he :was sepaking -itt': this. stronghold of ivr, Oampieb't'a-Mr, OCampbell came to thb mieetitng with about a dozen of'hie sup. frteorsand interrupted bihl time after, time 'ror 'apriod of three.tuartere of an' hour. ,That was a thing which no other eandidate helteor elsewhere had been euhjectod to I 'and if he had come into a hall in: Kiamin and Interrupted hith" in that manner be 'would meet with the treatment he desiredi und be thrown out of the: door,' Cheers.) He had.ohallenged Mr. OCampbell to give the' names ' oi 'any .deputttloniste hl ha'il in?rdtdooed behind the momb?r's back, and he 'qave the name of the " Kan. galoon .Road. : Now, .in' regard to this matter (arid Mr; W: 'W Hindmareh would boar hint outifheo was present) Mr, Aloorn, Mri O. Key's ind other getitlomo .reidlent 'in that locality had come to-him ndl",askid: 'biel to introduoe them to the Minister for Laods. iun ouneotion with. this tlod, '" He did' so,; and e' ndeavoured to have their bubliess done 'to .their. stiofaction.,. (Ap.< plnue',).) And heo:hought it was only a. flair ihing to do; considering. that'r.ho was appraochedi 'a a straightforwardg nd hfair *way. (Renewed Applatlte.) ' APF.aOiNTMEDT 01' A?AIs ATiTIS8, Now, ithere itsei aqtietion ahelmodhim ait eugeareo V olally ust ohMr, Oitilepell hbd' been esked 1he qucition in l.ama--if he hrd 0evori prnmi.ed any gitlemit an to' have hittg appointed as a Magistrateo Mr. Campbell had boon asked. the olusetion in honnotion wiith a very old. realdont:iofl;tho Kiaima'ditetriot, and in replying said h' had no doubt a similar query would be put to his opponent In aiotlie ipate of6 the elector. ate, 'A Voice "Ezxatly,"' (Loud laughteri) Ndw;" hb (Mr,:uller)" had'"hnot 'givn 'any: promiioti iny n seroan -the :eloectorate that h would have hlimalipoit'ted as a Mag'l.. 't'atti;: .Hfe had always chosen those meno 'Whom he ,.thought would:bo .the: most suitable for the potitn aand who'would ant beat for tho people 'if appointed,'.. :Hoi' ad' told Mri'Oatlpbellto fiie faootliatif he had given itiseh'ptoiliadiiin'order tobe, returned io' Parliohtneat h'i?hoild';hafVt carried out thr,t prpmae inil'poidopidntly of whoea he miight offend in any part of the oleotordtorlt Mai; UL?IT;LR' ATTITUDI . TO TaZI 's bONa lioN:to sILLe. Tihey know that Mr Campbell mbdol'a etatereiit'In conneetiorti.with the Oonvention Bill to the' 'rfdet that ho d bo elin iformedi by nimembers of thP Feduranl, League that ho (thIr,$ullor).was coitng to.sp os in Kinirt ii favor of the '.1B11. Whoun Mr. Ciemphell iiti'rruiptod hil, at Kangarco Valley, nh this qudstion ht'chl, li.nued him to grd lt.'t)e. u?ae if hiei'ultllinallt 'aI.Io fully exteeoted. t r Ioitvtfthe, n'rism orf cuitnutm prrmiunent rneatii h?r of ther etnraf Looe o but the'? titine Silm nl earIn SA " "that. 9 r.Th: Brown, of Kiamal He .t fold Mr. Campbell straight,. that he : did:. not think Mr. Brown. had. told: him 'anything of the kind, and on the'following morn. ing went to the' trouble of 'wiing to Mr. irown as follows:;" Did you tell Mr. Campbell that'I was going to speak in favour of the Convention Bill P' le got the following reply: " I did.not tell Mr. Crmphell so; I raid I had heard so." (ippleuse,) That showed what sort of subterfuges Mr. Campbell resorted to in his interruptions. TOOLIJOOA ROAD. He was surprised that Mr, COmpbell had not claimed credit for having the Toolijooa road carried out. One of the reasons why Mr. Campbell had gained support in Ger ringong was on acoouot of his olaims in this direction; bit he dared not say such a thing in a meoting where shorthand reporters, were present to spread it all. over the district. One of the last things he (Mr. Fuller) had g6t done for the district before he went out of Parliament 'was to obtain this road, (Applause.) He was pleased now to pass away froil, these small, proVincial 'matters -they had a bigger issue to decide at this election in connection with the important question of '. *AU5lik TLIAN FDERATION, The question pf Australian' Unlon had originated 40 years ago, when' ir Thomas Mollwraith, Preinier of Queoedland, planted the Union Jack upon New Guinea. A diffloulty having arisen, a meeting of the Premiers of the different ooloniee was held, with the result that the Federal Council was established and the late Sir Henry Parkes pointed out that that system of Federa'tion was' not suitable for. the proper 'Government of Australia, and on behalf of New south Wales he objected- to join, 'A'Convention was. afterwards' hld, and the' Federal Bill of '9DL framed,. At that time he (Mr. Fuller) Spoke'throughout this elector ate against that Bill, The Bill was rejeoted, and the' present Promter, . Mr. Reid, was one of those who took a prominent part in. killing it, .Mr. Barton, who now asks the country to trust him, had sounded ,the praises of that Bill, and could' see no fault' in it, In the year 1891 Mr. Reid was returned to Parliament entirely ' on a question of local politics I bult he was not in offcel more than a couple of months before he took the uiatter of ?'ederation, in hand,, ommunioated with the Premiere of the other ooloniesr and the result was that three conventions, 'one eooh lid . Victoria, New South Wales, and .South Australid, were hold and what is known as the 1898 Oonvention Bill framed and' submitted to a referendum vote some two months ago, and was re, jeted. In Oonsedueince of the com plhoations taking pluoa betwoeen European 'nattons,'it would be necessary for us, if we are to keep our country for ouroelveos.' to outer into a strong system of defence and keep our shores from invasion, 'It wasi necessary to have one separate Government, 'to regulate the defence forces of Australia; Another important phase of Federation was that it would bring about interoolonial free" tradet If one thing more than another kdpt back our prosperity it Was that pro vinoial barriers were set up against the pro ducts of one colony going into another, With Federation, down would go tboes barriers and we would have intercolonial freetrade from toio end of Australia to the other, and they coaduld .then safely leave the decision of the tariff against the' outside world to the Federal Uovernmeont. (Ap. plaueo.)' Ini .onnection' with quarautiue regulations, steps could' be bettor taken .t prevent the introduction of hot rible diseases from other o0uintries. Through the present dieunitedd system and the' rapidity with which the. stoamehips arrived this' question could not -be properly dealt with, Pehrbup one of the moot im portent phases.of .d'edoirtiou wast that'it would 'enable them to better control the numerous iislands in the South Pacific Ocean in the vicinity of Australia's shores, Germany at present had a portion of New Guinea, while the Fretioh possessed New Caledonia land if we are to keep foreign nations from being a 'tenace ti our 'pesoe in thies respect it would be neuessary tor us to Federate and speak with one. unite't voide that would, be 'li?aned to by other portious of the worldi; (Applausbt) ie' 'S 1 it UILt They had been asked in oonneotion with this Bill, to enter into an indissoluble union with the other colonieo but he thought all busiheesn men would agree with him that they should know the terms of a partnership' Sefore. they entered into 'it, With the Federal Government there would boe twO Houses of Parliament, with the Queen as the head and her representative here in the person of a'GovernorAgnsral, they would be teproesnted on .a popular basis in the House of Representatives; but in.. the Senate,,or Upper. Hiuse, there would be equal State represoniation independent of. population altogether, rwhich would have-in nearly oevery respect coetual powers 'with the Lower.Houe, Mr, ouller detailed the provisions made in the case of " deadlocks" in the :bUsineos betweeni the two ' oluses and' the flnel three.ffths majority. requirod to pass auy"mt neuroe, Ho said that sueh a' prioolple. .was unaknown In the British Conintltito inudet which England lives 'tday? :It.? was not neiedod to pass the Eoglishi.or Laoe nor the Raforin Bill, aund oonudl'rih:that the 'larer Stiates in Australiant' iFederation. would'; contributo most of.the'reventio, they shotld.see that questions relatihg totheo power of the pursd, whioh was .odile of their groatetabafo, guards, ahpuld be permanenoitly a.nd seqourely fixed ln ':the Rlouse of:Roproeibetatives whlch epr?oented the tozpiyei's of Auatraliaon a "bdthr bu'ii".' The. question bf mrajbrity ale was oni which efleotud the manhood of thu' whole of'Australia Mr. Oampbell had aal !tbhat hli-would rather be rejeoted a thousand .times than seo the It?S' Bill defeated, ibut.he was asking themto enter a inion that would givli thom.a vote of eilght to one in favor of the small :ttoate of Tasmania. Wore those who'favored manhood suffrago and one man one vote ?content to be in that position ? VYoiose t No I Nol ' ., We had just as much ability and intelli. 'gooe ais Tasmania,' ad he would onever 'consent to any Bill ln.which wo did'it geot an equal vpeith., ith e other coltilce. (Applause.) A vooe Reid votdd for Fit, 110 was not there 'as Mr, Roida's 'sponeor. He had'said that Mr. Reid, after fludiog 'fault .with u:tbo hB!lu, should, have" voted, 'aainet it,. (Applause,) 'The ,.hBraddon po{otpovided that.for everyi£1 of ,isovonue drsl'by?b.ths 'Federal .Governmemnt ids shodld be ihanded .bask, to'.the stateos for looel roquiremoents., It wotuldbo neaossaary to iiiipo?ea tariff of £7,t000(C Latnually to 'do' this, 'iitid thipoeopl?'hii utow 'Month Wales ,would be'oanlluid ron; to pay 2/l ptlr'head Id tlddition to wl'tu tI-'lh nlredIy pad;' whili. .Violtorlhns waould nty pay?/ aind t?rother 'o oolotl i'p'?optirthl ,. tely se, It was only ft. and trlrgt thatl N lw. $ntuth Wales ehboulut have a' proper voee it the qh dit, rihuttloui of thi' money, TIc? amOneiy (1/ ? i )l Ib ) woid cosui b?ak to h iloonyii tainy, hut pt iten t itthi' pookoea of the pople,? Into the: Tregs' cr Ia's'.' '" ,: i~rr~l~ the Bill that provided that at the end of five years the money' would he divided out on: what thoFedoralPailitment deemed a fair and just basis. ;;ir Philip Fysh-: had told ! the Fasmansians that they should accept'': the Bill for the fact.. that, thought ithey would be making a delicieney for a period of tive year', at the end of that period they`:; would have their debts wiped oft at the?" expehse of Now Souiti Wales, whi?..b itaý . nire thing for the taxpayers heie ?e i . Mr.' Barton and Mr. Oamphell entl?Gnt could see no fault in the Bill, but now;:: agreed that the Briddon Blot should bs:;.e excised, and he heartily agreed with them.?LL I. (Applaue;) '. BOUNTIES. Mr; Fuller went'at length Into ther question of the Bounty clause in the Bill. ''he " 2.a lb,". duty on. Victorian butter was a ory upon which Mri OCampbell hbad been returned to Parliament, He told themr: now that he 'never believed, iti it, but,:; was and always, had been an advocate 'of intercolonial freotrade. So ,.far eas the farmors -here were conoergied, given fair : play they could hold their own with any,. the world. (Applause.) He had always; 'advocated iureroolonail froetrsde, but; not, as Mr. Campbotl did with this clause, .to compel us to fight the bounty.fed farmers'?: of the Victorian colony, and 'with money' found by, the' taxpayers: of New South-: Wales. (Applause.) lie would never coi? sent to put the producers here in a false and uneatidfotory position with respect to their: . relation with those of' other colonies, Mr.:OCampbell said that he '(Mr, Fullet) could not have propetly .understood the bounty olluse i but his views on 'it Were' the same as those of sir Julian Salortnuln end a still 'more reliable authority in Dr. Quick, of Viotoria, Mr. Fuller spoke of bounties given .to producers? in.' Victoria?'. other than dairy fitrmers, ' If the Victorians"' had got this, Bill' through they would have a bounty put on their: butter in opposition to this colony ; anid New South Wales' would have had to find the money to payli: it. (Applause,) f'liE WESTEHN RItIV$ES. Mr. Fuller went at length into the eager ness of the colonies' adj coing New bouth Wales to Federate, The Dainig, L?obhlai -and Muirrumbdgee were the' biggest rivers in Australia, and the Victorian and botth Australian delrgatees had fought those re=. 'presunting New.-outh Wales for eight days in the Convention on the' question of these .: 'rivers, atid all they were to -be allowed to get 'was a " reasonable" say in them, a wbrd., most diffloult 'to deal with in .isny English Law Court; "It provided, that they : would have to make their trade subsertlent - to the Adelaide and. Victorian merohaits,. They 'amst know the power they' were t,:.: have over .their own -rivers. Mr, Fuller/.:: '-referred to the dinloiulties . in conneotl:.' :wit? the railpays; and the differential iate - system to catch the trade of our border industrjes, :J loespoke of ther oompltoationi::' which might aoorue: from only' one state's:: railways, buiig taken over by the Fedaeral G(overnmonut, and said that tnoewhole must be taken over, together. He believed that;,i Iitll etUbV?iT ANOrALr OLUTIO ' to of Federation' lay In: the coaolidatitirg o' the railways and the nationalL debts,: (Applause.) It must 'be evident' to every thinking man that the: railways could' be; worked muore.ooutoicallyunder one head, . and that .an imnmenie,;eevng in interest would come from the-foderalltation of the,' natiounal de?ts, It-ould lesien the noeas.; sityrfor h;gh tariffs, as:,providOd for in the?l TBil, ' t :DRL :OA ITAL. In the Convouioio Mr IHartot hadi laughed at the idea of tha Federal Capital, L He said there was no, nooeesity tb diseuss., the question. tie (ltr. Filel) had always held that this colony, as the. oldest~ of the Sgroup; and contributing the large.t amouunt, of revenue, boerdea its important geograph'r cIal position in the contre, that we should.': have a say in deciding.the position of' the' capital. '"'Without Queeislaind in we should' have no show int ny shape or form, Mr. Barton now thought it' should be in 'Nd-owI: 'South Wales I aid of course that 'as c'hat - a number of- thom :.thh?ght, -(Applause.)." The1 Fderal tiounsis' ot Pealiament 'would': result' in the expenditure of £3Ol)(,100, 0, society woiuld congregate ilin the lFederat. City, and that meant the, .xpeuditure ofate . large, amounut- of money, 'and' consequent bnrtlil to the puebilo of that oiilony. A true Australian Jedeorition, with Queensland in _ \- it, should result lii the capital being .stab.:' hlshed within the boundaries of New South ? Wales. (Applaiuse,) ' Lr wro WILL Ble LEAOR ' * One of the prinoiple things they woutld be called upon to deoidd was into *hose handus: the desttuios of 'Australiin - Federatioa :ard to be committed. The two men appealing to the sympathies of the electors were Mrt Reid and Mr,'Barton, Mr. Barton came before them 'and asked them to invest him . with'the authority to remove Mr. Reid from: power, Now,, in 18)1 Mr, Barton stood for the frietrade -oaipetituenod y of BEat, Sydney,' and although the;. electoia returned him' it as -:entirely'.. asei a?Fed ralist, The people of that elecotorate looklied:to himto go on with. that itpoltant guasetion but' instead of doing so he Joined': tile Dibbi Protectionlst Ministryi lot theb queolttO of F'ederation :go' 'for a period of: two years, arid bhamptoned. the gauss-e o proteotIon,' The: vory. tam thing was''-: hapnpuning' agati todaley, He -wsse aoointed with the same .moi. bwhib n hoe ,asooiated' with in-t0i, The .:- rofooti(onies, ,were bbiug'adowed a lier hbnd in:.order to j .in .with.M r, Baitonu'i .bahneiderolng~whut hoe dir inr 1i80 towherdepittlog uui .the barrior" -.: of prottohtz,o 'coefdaertng that ho b0:lMr. Leyne aesodiated:with, him noWP.r who, with hiseptithy, 'allooking toMrBarton as ihblSir only hope to gitb n to the Tli?eatiry hluouheeIr 'he woUld say that they4:in a"Kiiina nud-. olso: wbheo li theooolonywbb bholeved :li :lroee trade, oiithibsoea'es lowhither Fedoidtioni, ls'r or not, shbould view: Mr,.. Baton with; 'distrust and:sh 'b.im .hithtat they :though-. he was inot the mtan to b i:trtred wilh tlhe-:' d,1tiles :f 'fU ustralint ', liion : (Oh?eLiu )I let came bnoht from thei .,1511Oonvuntio_ r with the Bill in .his hatd, '.~n.id thi that itWahs asboao sent neasure, coi thili if.Wdildn't taku: it th?ie we Woutild - imelet: got iti f le made 416 spaeoehes r favor ofS, the Bill, and tried to pit 'hockles iroyrtjr tts: fhroats I of he hpople': of the colony j': and 'onsideriug he had done this,, had was. now going rotulid' advocatlng tmendmotent in th1e Bill-rnoou of thes better than thons advocateod:by PremiirF ReId before over MrI . ritrton had thotught of theora- ho wall ioi. the manc to eriy out theu, matter to a aatisactory aisps,, ' (Applause-)? . i Mr iiti. P dhtbl tiktll the Bith of jail;8 aid eharo itie ;iul..ed b tiitIt'-ie, a goid thin he did go 71 to tlip , h canaee of Foiletaloi t??e nmnit .ho ot;: ito:ofeld e?'n:ls14; anild through hlir:In?i. atrum t lity we'..u' had l I Bill' of '18'! stitim b : to rL. os ha?d ti? intdl ti t .thoe ul a :::of th:.b: i111 tlo the ienple of 01New South Wales-: althougI hoe aleRts v helil .hat MIrs, 1tcd idl I odotr tbe Iiulcjdi ly ciin Sleto, "honuld' i haie *t'hr ercuxatnlo (l f votint nesiletIablt. the amenidments require' in the measure, SMr. Barton:was tlit pot darling of the whole of the soutLern 'colonies. They ran him to come btforo tboipeopleofNew South 'Wales with.this B1l aind nothing but. the BIl;l and when the faious 80,0(1. votse wentdirp at Ihe "'Bfuruld " fl?ee in Sydney he boasted that he would go helore the people and sweep Mr. Reid and all othem traitors from exitence.. Mr t'mnpbell hod gone round this electorate praieir.g th. Bill; but he was not, now geme.t'. cowm "btfore the electors and seek eleution on it. (Applause.). When they took the two leaders int' oonsideiation --the main who was prepared to sacrifice their interests and the man who had cautinned Ihnm aganitt : hasty Federation-lhe would say that the man for him and the man for or, y elector in the colony was' the man whb led the Country at the present time,' and that was Mir. George Reid. (Oheese,) EAGcERNEBS,Or THE OTHER COLONIEs TO pjT DEATE WITHI N S W, It must have struck them all when they saw the enormous voto given for the Bill by the other: colopies that these was some material .advantage for them in which weo would not participate. Now Souath Wales was the . only one of the Sroup which had no political axe to grind. :If they had passed the Bill, the Federal (Capital would.have been in Victoria, and "'they would have' the biggest share, with South Australia, in, our South Western trade, while Tasmania would have been in the beautiful position of getting her debts paid off at the end of five years at the ex pense of" New South Wales, When we recognised these things there was a great : responsibility thrown upon our shoulders, We must vote resolutely for a Bill'whioh would contain provision for absolute majority rule, and be fair and honest in the interests of the taxpayers and the manhood of the whole of Australia. (Cheers,) Q"IUENBLAND. Queenaland would now. have an oppor tunity to come in, Heo was pleased that Mr. B'eld. to show his sincerity in the oaseo, had communioated with 'Premier 'Burnes, of Queensland, who had consented to take pail in a conforence of Premiera. Queoensland contained an area of 608,000 square miles, and with her sugar lands on. the North,+the Darling Dowtne, coal mines equal, tf not superior to our own and other. "·pabilitier for immense industries, must in the near future be not only one of the principle parts of Australia, but of the British Empire. It would be necessary for New ?.outh Wales to have this great natural .,lly in convention with them.-Applause, Blt. PULLEnt's ADVOCACY OF PIDIIERATION. As far as he was concerned, he looked' Uponthe cuuse of Fedoration as far too important ' and momentous to be .'t'rified with oe had advocated Ithe htiuso for oighteeu (yoars In . all his speeohes he had made Federation the leading:tfeature, When they carme to cou alder the relative merits of himself and Mr. OiUl'aibell in connection twith this 'quuetion, as far as the people "here are concerned, he was sure they would ieturn to Parliament the man who s?ppoted the gresit.Liberal party In this colony t0 repro: sent them in I arliament, and one wh.i'had hontetly at:'heart the great que?tiosk 'of 'Apetralain Union. (Cheuis.) 'While'. bhe was 'proud 'of':hie' own colony; he looked 'for?aid to the timo whei he:would be' able to s?'ay'ho'wae a citirsn of the :Austirlian "Oommt nwoulth. (Applause.) It Mi, IReid got :aiokltopower, as e '(Mr.' Fu ler)' heliLud :bhe+ would, he felt -confident that before \- very long they would have a Federal Parliament established to look after their destinies fairly and justly for the' benefit 'of all Auetralia, (Applause,) HIlE wonIc OP TUHE PItEBENT oOVEiNMENTf . n oonneotion with the precent Govern tuent,'the Minister for Agrioulture bad established in, many contres' Agricultural ,collegees, It had always been' a. ptrangb thing to him, considering that thiis was the original home,of the dairy farmer, from whence the farmers of other .colonies had' obtained the knowledge of the benefitael the grand principle' of cooperatiopi which had .?lwayo boen warmly.: ldvocated 'in Sho leading jour qi of this- district, and which :waits destined to do so.muoh'for the producer, that an agricultural college had nevasdbeen ertablishad here, 'If they were tO.con4pete e.successfully ,with otbers in the growth of their induetry, they.'rwould need to go in .frormoresientifi:cdairy farming, rotation '.of. crops and other branchesb thait were heeoeseary to their welfare. In order that. the sons ol the faimers in this distriotaehould be given the means of scouring proper :educati0n in this respect, if returned he would uinnedittely urge upon 'the' Govern' ment the necessity of having such an Institution establisued on the South Ooaist without delay. (Applause.) , '.TIlE ItOARD 0O IIEALTIL. Jotnie thiuge'sof a queer charaoter had' emanated from the board of Health, but 'although anmendmonts wore required in'the 'Act, he was pleased to, flud that the Government had promised to .undoitahk the expene? of administering the Health Act and relloeving the munuiepallties from it.r (AppliunB,)..), VOW' aToRAOE PA1L4TIXs.' " 'dairyfarmers were now b.oinii'g ::t~el?:dependent on their expo't tradh, h:e bah d heoard. a. ,great deal from;Mr./ o simp'eal'about ieportatbons, but-he (Mr Fuller) ad shown thbit after tho duties hiad' Sbeeun Itaku off there had been loseesimi po?otrtibiieth a 10 yea~rs previonu to. the takinsg off df the dutius. IEo.polirted out that oan average there were 21.000,000 lbs; of butter import ed ~' year, in 18Qtover~ .80,000,000 lbas, and in 18.0t7only 1,00,000 lbs,', and ag anet that thy had ex prtodj over O0000,000 lbe ,.''h6 l ovoimeni were at prset in a?mminication with the large. Sshipping coo?mpatuis endeavorUsing tbobbt'ain reduced freighbts for oeported produo, and' pre erecting obld' torge ocharabare at the :'dney acrbour to gv ie cat portsa mro S(onveileniesthanis o be ufoniid"lin an'y other prit'of tli?e uSuthbr' liamisphere.io,' Applapse. S.Friuller went on to enumorate ot hdy gouod oike performed: by the Rliid' Gov? oroment, incoluding the passnloR of'' thb A llalins Bill the saving of £848;00"0 a year to the ma?soes of the: people, nd requiiug those whose land's were improedby th :: railways, road and other facilities to astly. oontribute a atirer share of the ,cost, (Ap, plaue ,)' 1' show thbat Mr; Obappbel), weas no friend of th:e workien man, Mr, 'uller .rnoteda question askodi?i the Housn by Mr., Oampbell iun oooneotlon with two~.sons of the rLabor Loader, Mr,. M~GOdWdWn'idi' which brought forth a or of ' shams" fof hii?k?g:uuh a question , Mr;iartotir the t:+tan whom' Mr.. Ompbettb proposed tJ followl hid never itile w lh gleoarcer done a',nybthing for the pdpo, (Applaetto,) i:;f ty returnend himn lid wulll be on :the ldes of tim' Llhersl Fodorliista, ",'lterl 'had alh'wd a1ys ie repic:nenteh bh' a Liberal t:'itltlFt /iCai Onmpbell was ratorntd, ' lie htd "own, thibatsfMr. Oampbll lhad sot beon \+ . ' ' ' ' "L •. r ',, I ~ ' -romy could not show that he (Mr. Fuller) hid gone back on any promises he had over made, (Applause) .hat was-a guarantee of his conseetoucy in the future. He asked them to elect him beooause he had always been an earnest and proven advocate of Australian.Union, and would be associated with men who had introduced legislati!-n of a liberal and progrese veoheraoter, whileo Mr Campbell would be associated with men who could hot show any single thing they lad ever done in the cause of Liberalism If returned, he would support Mr. Reid, whom he considered the best man to con teol the destihies of Federation; and in matters of loost 1lg":oftion he w u;dl voit ti haoe evolything carried out in the iuter.' eats end for the welfare of his electorate in prticnlar, anrd for the whole of thepesple of New South Wals? . Loud oheers,; QUIUTION., Mr M. N. Bindmash asked d: Do you know that it is a faeet that Mr. Oampb1ll said he bhad secured £01t0 to sleu out the channel of the Minuatosurra RvFer ? Mr. Fuller: As far as that grant was conorerned it was got at the instance of the Mnslcipal Counolli of` Kiama, Jamberoo and tbellhaebr, who met in sonferotsoe onit the eubjict nt Klam, t'lr, ( raig, Mayor of Jaimbbroo. went ti Srdney twice at tits own expense in connes tion with it. Mi, Campbell had no httig whatever to do with obtainitig the mouny. Applauseo Mr. Hindiearh : Tnt amus .t was only £200 Mr. OCamptell made a mistake of £100 Mr. W. oorford : Mr le'd is an advo cate of -unday trading; Will you be in favor of voting against anything of.that kind P Mr. Fuller said he would. tie believed in keeping the Sabbath Day holy an far is Sunday trading was concerned, and espootally in connection with the sale of drink,-- Applause. Mr, Fiederic:ke: What are your views on the day labor syst.m Pi Mr. Fuller: that was introduced by the .Minister for Works. I consider that in many wa's it ie delsrabla, and does away with aub-letting of conutact,, which often has a diaastrousn fleet sn the wages of the working men. As far as many contsacta are concerned, they should not be dune away with, but the wages should be kept in accord with schedule rate. YoT, OF OONFIDENOE. Mr. M. N liitdmarsh moved a vote of confidence in Mr Fuller, which was se-. conded by Mr. O, W. Craig and carried unatimously, a perfect esa of hands giing tup in favor of it. Mr. luller, in returning thanks, pointed out one thing he bad forgotten, namels, that Mr. Campbell had attended only 804 divisions (not 664, as he aasserted) out of 603\. ' He concluded by moving a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was carried by aoolammatio?, ..Three ringing cheers were given for Federation, and three n.ore for Mr, Fuller, and th'e proceedings then closed, 