A CHRISTMAS STORY. A GHOSTLY GAME. Rductant qb we are to place any faith in the theory current some years ago, that under strong excitement human beingn can sometimes pass from place to place in s manner defying natural laws, there seems uo way of otherwise accounting for tbe following facts which have recently come to our know ledge Chess ferer at Farleigh (a thriving suburb of a large town) Mflo {..at nf Ita htlrrlit n fn,rr Hnx-o hcfnrA Phrlotmoa nf oil those smitten with the complaint, perhaps Guy Rivers and Frank Aston suffered most severely. These two were the leading players In the Farleigh Chesa Club, and the autumn tourney was nearly completed One game remained to be played between the pair, and on its issue depended the right ot either to claim the title of champion of the Farleigh Clu^. Rumours were rife that one (if not both players) was indispo- ed— not that Staunton's ' sick phase' was expeoted, for both were courageous ; but as n matter of fact, real— though flight — iHniBa had overtaken each of them, induced partly by over»devotion to study of the openings. Sec , necessary enough to effective ploy. Guy was eo evidently 111 that his sister, who kept his house, prevailed on him to remain at home ; and as Frauk happened to lodge with a doctor friend, he was equally a prisoner. .Need we say that both the victims were in u statu of lerinentat the necessity of postponing the deciding gome? both went to bed early, accompanied by gruel instead of chess board, and both were asleep by 10. At the club meunwhile, the rest ot the members had over* come their disappointment us to the match, and had settled down. to their respective games, one table only, that next the door, being dismgaged Just after 10. a player, who chanceit to have a moment breathing space, looked up suddenly. Me rubbed his eyes, and looked again. Yea, there they were, the expected champion-, seated at the lately vacant table and absorbed in the momentous game ' How could they have ; come in without disturbing anyone?' thought he. Jiut soon remembering the woadrou* ep- 11 which binds the chess player, and almost holds his senst-a (iucluriing that ot hearingj iu its thrall, he wondered no more 1 1 in gume over, he rose and began to watch the all-important conteat, ot which I give the tcore:— BISHOP'S GAMBIT. 'White— Frank. . Black— Guy. 1P-K4 P— JC4 9 KtxQBPch IC— Q 2 P— IC B 4 )' x P 10 lCt, x It P— JC B C 3 B— Q B 4 Q-IvRGch IIP— Q8 P-K113 4 IC— B P— Q Kt 4 1'J K I1-QB4 P— Q4 5 B x Kt's P Kt— K B 3 13 B X P K B-Q 3 6 Kt— Q B 3 Kt— KKt'fi 14 Q-K Pxl'ch 7 Kt — K It 3 Kt— (J B 3 lOKxP ? 8 Kt— Q fi Kt— Q 5 Find tho winning move for Black. I was fitting it a distant tuble; but when my game was over I nl?o joined the onlooker*. Just as I arrived, the mateaotually given wao impending; but foreseeing that the loser would take his time I went to criticise another oontest at my end of thu room. On n-turulng, 1 had walked with eyes cast down till near the last table, when I raised them to tak«; a iluul glance at the finishing stroke. Yes, there was the mate, as I had expeoted; but where was the victor and where the victim? Disappeared ! Without word or footfall. If they really were gliostn, thought I, they took a quiet opportunity of vanishing. 1 aBked several of the players who btill lingered over their games, but none had uoticed either the entrance or exit of the mysterious pair. Funny, thought I. but fctill nothing incredible. Two d'tys later, I met Frauk, aiid made some remark* on his quiet oisuppenrance. ??Now, don't chall ' he suid, ??fori really had a mort strange dreum on thui unlucky night, and I can hardly feel fui-j that it wa* only a dream, Anjhow, I'm certain that I played the game out in my muid und with my hands, I hIiouUi say, if I didn't fear to be called a madman. I can give you the very moves.' *? You netdn't do thut,' 1 re plied, foi the score is. In your own writing, stuck in the minute book according to our ruh-6. I found it on the table.' '1 asked you not to chuff,' lie w-id s ' 'tis too serious1 Never did I go through such a drer.in beiore. But. of all men, here is Guy.' ?? Weil,' taid I, turning to greet the new arrival, ?? I suppose you will also deny having bteu at the club on Tuesday.' ?? In deed, replied Guy, ' J cunnoteay wnether 1 waa or not. (Jer tidnly my mind was there, and I played the deciding game iu that touiney, aud «n recall every move 1' ?? Now then.' said Frank to rne, ?? do you feel disposed lo laugh auy moro ?' I did not. Indeed, I fi-lt mysell turning pale. By mutual consent we separated, und went our several ways, reflecting deeply on the ?? Chess Problem' before us. If it was only 'a dream, I must have shared it, as alno several other member* of the club. I resolved to keep my judgment in sua- ? pense till 1 had seen Guy's eister, und Frank'n friend the doctor. On being interrogated, Guy'a Mater bore decided, and evidently unconscious, testimony to the fact that her brother was iu bed at the time of the occurrence. The doctor, though lie looked grave aud mysterious was clearly as much puzzled as anybody. I am obliged to admit that the inybtery has not been cleared up, and 1 fear It never will be. As to the gume, the question arose: Was it to couut? Ilcre the loaer stepped in, with nutive chivalry, and insisted that it should ; and no one wished to oppose him. Therefore Guy won a handsome trophy, and the club championship, by his first appearance as & ghost. Newcastle Weekly Chronklt. Gin a body play a body At the game of ohess, He needna gloom, nor fret and fume, Gin ho's in a mess. Ilka player has his losses. Few hae mair thau I; The pircee yet, again 1 pet 5 ? 'Nanotnemur,1' I cry. 