TERRfBLB BURNING ACOIDBNT. A STONEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHÏRËD TO THE PIPE' LIBE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. A'S AWFUL SIGHT. Whilo in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot waler pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shook of the burning and the fall proved to bo very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and far a number of yiars after ho was a confirmed invalid, sulTeriug terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr. I Jarvis waa getting round again, and that he had had a must marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crowu-lanc, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovered uursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared bim one of thc happiest men in Sydney. Hu was up aud about, and able to answer thc knock at thc door. Although pale und bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and u period of pain, it wus very clear that ho was an invalid no more. lu reply (o the preliminary questions he Biid :-" You wunt to know all about my case ? Well, I um glad of un opportunity to tell you. The facts muy bc of value to those who are striken as I was." " How long were yon Buffering V " Well, twelve months ago I got so bud that I had to leave off work, and 1 have done nothing since thou. About five years ago next Christinas 1 met with an accident ; I was budly scalded while taking a bath iu Pitt street, Sydney. Since thc accident I have been in failing health, and utter four years of gradual development of thc malady, I was forced to give up my billet at thc Glebe Island." " What were tile symptoms!" "Simply indescribable The pains were something terrible. They «vere just about ns much us 1 could bear. They were for all tho world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no coutrol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself und everyone else. I was inces- santly snivcriugand shaking, and could neither cut nor sleep. On thc 23rd of March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told inc that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he Ïsve mc an order to thc Director of Charitable nslitutions." " Did you make use of the order !" " No ; I came home und went to bcd, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across thc floor ; in tuet, I could not gel QUI of bed. 1 felt then that il was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up thc ghost. My doctor WUB attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I wes suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that 1 might lasl for ten years, and that 1 might never get the usc of my legs. (Just then thc patient kicked his legs about with energy lo tbow that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advert isenicnt describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler- maker in England, which I read in the Australian D'orJlumw, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I rcud in the advertise- ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Thc effect was as marvel- lous as it was magical. I was ublc to cat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. lt WBB incredible. I im- mediately left thc bcd and was able to move about. You Bee those crutches there ! They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for mo before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I waa too weak to usc them, and noiv I don't want them," " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come io and taken the baby on her knees. " Thc Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold hath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. ' 1 ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' l'ink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain «ow, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the manllcpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave mc to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they arc, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it con- firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis,. and spinal disease, also the many disordets which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anamiia, pale sud sallow complexion, geRcral muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in thc hack, nervous head- ache, Atc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of tho Labour Party in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in con- nection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Slr. ll'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis waB bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his rcoovery. Ho understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, aa his case'h&d; been pro- nounced incurable. Mr.' M'Gowen was, there- fore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr, Williams' Medicine Company, Darragh's Buildings, Queen-street, Brisbane, who will forward, poet paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s, Od., or half-a-dozen for ISs. 3d. See that thc genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 