. THE CRITIC. v«WTioiaanataaQiet bri79v.u Sntis'i riji* OrooteuQinove! ,'ii? untioaia 5'i - OritiVj.iiji? Parade his errori to s pahlio eyn, A.ad ilother liriiaiy'a raja Lily A new name for an old complaint — Prior-pism. To remove paiut : Sit down on it before it is too dry. To remove Reid, also sit down on it. Strange that the Spanish fleet hugs the laud so much, and yet is so averse to an engagement. What's the . difference between a preacher and Reid ? One wants a text to orate ou and the other only a pre text. In describing the treatment accorded the patients at the busted llagey Institute as the ' Hurley ' cure, and not the ' Hagey,' cure, Mr Wise fired off a most apropos bit of sarcasm. In tbe Caulfield-ls orton libel suit, his Honor Mr Justice Stephen fell over the expression, * his mozzie was in,' and wondered what it meant Would Coheu J. have been similarly ignorant ? The Governor's speech to Parliament was an excellent sample of an aute funeral oration. It was ' evidently in tended to cheer the moribund, and stimulate it into simulating vitality. Taking the census of chickens in the ?hell is proverbially uncertain, but it is a fair thing to say that the Post Office and Education Department will lie re lieved of their Jo-Jake iucubi pretty soon — thank goodness! I read in a country paper this past week of 'The Rev B. Kenua, J.P.' Alwnye thought a clergyman was not ullowed in this country to become a magistrate ; or is it that tho J.P. is some clerical distinction? Strange rumors come from Melbourne anent the Federation voting. It is al leged that a lot of monkeying went on with the ballot-papers at various polling places. There have been similar whispers floating round New South Wales. . American papers arc agreed on one point about the Puerto Rico and Mauila fights in which nobody was killed. They reckon the really finest feature with victories, is that the actions add nothing to America's mammoth pension list. Buster Brassey has bought a new yacht in England. So far as is known by cable, Vic's absentee Governor has not as yet managed to fall overboard from his new purchase, He slates, how ever, that there is plenty of time before him. A Surry Hills billygoat was seen last week chewing |a Federal Party placard off a fence. After it had swallowed its booty, it curled up on the footway aud gro&ningly; gave up the ghost. There arc less significant parables than this in the Bible. The ' Critic ' wants to know what right a lot of raucous-voiced brutes have to yelp hymns outside private residences. Certain households in Leichhardt last Sunday evening were made miserable and full of blasphemy by such religions (?) humbugs. A Pitt-street auctioneer has a star clerk. This artist was directed by his employer to publish in a sale advertise ment .amongst pther lots 'Fresco by Raffaelle.' He. did so, but in light hearted ignorance made it out to read 'A fresh cow by Raffle !' The virgin and rural simplicity of idyllic Corowa has been startled out of its usual torpor by the advent of a wondrous meteor. As the startler ap peared ou Tuesday night, it is now sup posed the brilliant sight was the reflected radianoe of John Norton's appearance in the Legislative Assembly. Again public attention has been drawn to that terrible danger, tho tramcross ing at Gipp and Pitt streets — this time by a civil action against the. Railway Commissioners, It is certainly the most dangerous crossing in Sydney, and that a flagman is not -employed . there ji a public scandal. Nature's i mule; Tbe closer yon etick You'll find, as a rule, You get the less kick As most of the members of our Scabin it Cabinet have departed from the state Nature arraged tor them, they will feel her heels after next election. The old Dock of Manchester, who was in Australia a dozen years ago, swindle eating and land grabbing, married a Cuban girl. So that sample of Heredi tary Legislation, the present Dook, is half a Cuban. Up to date he has shown no signs of wanting to fight Spain or being eager to subscribe to the patriot's treasury. The, absurd anomaly! In all civil oases, a decision of a judge oan be taken on appeal to the Full Court, and from thereto the Privy Council. A litigant does not have to appeal back to the judge who deoided against him. Yot that is what a oivil servant has to do, appeal baok to themeroiless Triumvirate who sentenced him! Captain Lang, R.N., who is to re organise the Chinese navr, had the job years ago. Things were going along quite nicely, when the intrigues of tho mandarins and Chinese Navy adminis trators bec&mo; so malignantly inimical that Lang had to resign. When he goes back to his old duties he will probably remember that 'Auld Lang resign.' American naval experts are much suprised to find that Spanish gunnery is getting better. They attribute tbe newly developed accuracy of aim to the arrival of French gunners in Cuba, and the adveut of theso marksman, they declare, is duo to the U. S. Government cour teously allowing the French steamer Lafayette to unload and discharge at Havana. 'The strange experiences of a Tram Conductor,' would be a sellable book. Here's one : A young woman tried to he aristocratic, and did not look at tho money sko gave the tramway conductor, but he meekly gave her back the conver sation lozenge oa which was inscribed, 'I'll never cease to love thee,' and said he was a widower with five Little chil dren to support, and must be excused. , Unhappy Spain ! Credible accounts from Madrid state that the Spaniards en masse are more concerned with their privations than with questions of patriotism. The Throne and the Govern ment are so frequently attacked, tkat all the time is taken up warniag off inter necine war-blows, and little opportunity is left for devising any practical way of dealing with America, Bread riots are more deadly than foreign bullets. The strike of Welsh coal-miners has, as elsewhere Btated, resulted in blocking the autumn manoeuvres of the Channel and Reserve fleets of Britain. Only the other day Britain's war-shipbuilding programme was set back at least a year by the big strike of engineers end iron workers. Had the latter trouble not come abont, Britain's navy in 1901 would have been so far ahead of others that tbe start could never have been made np by them. Out Coobungogctadrop way the other day a gentleman driving was accosted by u trftmp walking along a country road, who begged tiie favor of liitu to put his great coat, which he found very heavy, iuto liis vehicle. 'With all my heart' said the gentleman, 'but if we should not be travelling to the same place, how will you get your coat?' 'Sir,-' said the man, with great readiness, 'I shall be in it.' An cfid lady of Paddington writes to say that noticing that the papers re ported the compulsory taking up and moving back of the whole of tho railway lines as far as Farramatta, on account of the rails having been dragged off tho lisli plates, she would suggest that m future the commissioners should use soup plates, as their greater depth would render tliem less liable to lose their con tents. N.B. — This is a deliberate lie, coined in this office. Old King Cole was a merry old soul. Modern King Coal is more autocratic, and sways a big sceptre. Owing to the colliery strike in South Wales, the autumn m&nccuvres; of the British fleet had to be abandoned. British meno' war on home and channel service use North County and Welsh coal, mixed in the proportion of about 1 to 2. What a chance Newcastle, New South Wales, missed 1 She should have bundled to England thousands of tons. German merchants at Kiaochau, the Kaiser's Chinese recent steal, declare there will be no trade there for two years — exactly so ; just the same old programme, Germany never yet initiated any trade in a new foreign place. Always Eugiand did the commercial exploiting and when business was well established, cheap German cLcrks would take service with the British merchants, learn the trick of the trgdc, send home reports, and hey, presto ! in came the Deutsckcr dealers with a rush. Some people seem to signally fail when concocting an advertisement, Frinst ance, last week tho ' Critic ' saw an ad vertisement which read, 'Chemists' Business for sale. Healthy suburb.' Now what possible inducement could there be in a healthy locality for an inspiring medicine-mixer? To the mere pressman it wouLd seem that a suburb where there were no drains and where the merry measles microbe and. typhoid germ called around all day and night would be the sort of place for a pill peddler with good commercial instincts. It is hard luck that a man cannot dodge his creditors even when he is cold meat. The seizure of a cadaver by the hospital authorities at Broken Hill, because the departed had flitted without having settled his little account, ought to be a warning to Dioky Swivellers in general. It's not a nice thing to think of a bum-bailey collaring your corpse and running it in to satisfy an outstand ing judgment ; nor is ' it fair dinkum to the traditions that surround the great leap into space. Suicide will be of no avail whatever. Heigli-ho! another fond illusion vanished. One more proof of the absolute absur dity of gaoling or fining drunks. Louisa Ward, of Adelaide, has paid £280 in fines for being drunk, and has had 194 convictions registered against her for in sobriety in the past twenty years. An average of nearly one a month, and as .she has done olose np soven years in gaol between 1879 and 1898, her 'run in' record is even more startling. Adelaide is a godly place, but it is evidently too busy looking after Sunday- closing and Church collections to trouble about Louisa Ward and her like. For the matter of that, so is Sydney. A well-known family out of town has a 13-year-old son, upon whom a revival at one of the Churches has made a deep impression. He astounded hit good mother the other night by saying, 'Mamma, I am going to Church tot morrow night to be converted.' 'Con verted, Jimmy? Why, you do not understand what it means/ 'Yes I do, and I am going to join the Church and be a Christian.* 'If yon do that) you. must give up dancing and going to the theatres.' 'Must I? Well, I should, very much liko to sea Bland Holt onos more before I am converted.' The uses of adversity have iiad sweet ness attributed to them, and moralists have always found a theme in the sup position that trial and suffering are . necessary to bring out the loftiest traits of human character, There is corrro borative evidence of all this in the re ports from a Kansas (U.S.) town. The druggists of this unlocated place had cut and cut prices until the lowest depths of adversity were just ahead. At this juncture shone forth one of tho sweet uses referred to — one of the com batants advertised that he would, divide with the churches of his town 5 per cent of the gross amount of all sales. Pro bably lie had previously divided with tho undertaker a good bit. , ? When the 'Critic' was young, and pretty, -and pure-minded (the', latter qualification he possessed until he un fortunately took to reading the 'Herald'), he used to hear in the cold days pf a Lo'ndon winter a monotonous verse chanted by bands of unemployed thrown out of work by the frosty times. Tho refrain ran : — . We've got no worrk to.do-oo-oo! Welvegot no. worrk to do-eo-oo ! We're ail froze out poor laboring men, And we've get fio worrk to do. Just why tho * Critic. ' has let loose this memory may not seem, obvious. It- is, though. It is for the benefit of Jokook, Jagarrard, M'Goweni and Co., who may find the verse useful tiy let off at the public, and conducive to gathering in alms after the next general eleotion. The Queensland Labor Party, headed, by Gasbag GLassey, have settled their little Parliamentary platform. Just a slight schedule of reforms divided into only eighteen planks, splfFujj again into merely forty-eight kub-divisions, and an extra labelled 'any measures that will secure a fair and equitable getnrn to Labor and promote the progress of the colony.' Amongst other desired trifling alterations to existing arrangements which the party will bring out someday, are State sugar refineries, fire ahd'life insurance, and coastal marine service. Of course, as Queensland is hungering for population, immigration is to ba blocked wherever and. whenever pos sible. Glassey being originally an im migrant himself, evidently is awareof the harm he has done already to Queens- ? , land. ' 