THE MERCURY. HOBART, TUESDAY, DEC. 13, 1898. EPITOME OF NEWS. Numerous tenders for the annual con- tracts received by the City Council. The new sanitary contract with the City Council likely to be cancelled. Criminal Sittings of Supreme Court at Hobart this morning. Tasmanian wools realised satisfactory prices at Melbourne yesterday. Hobart Turf Club handicaps in sporting columns. Boy of 14 has died from eating green fruit at Launceston. Taranna, s.s., will not make her usual excursion to New Norfolk to-day. A dividend of 1s. is now payable by the Derwent and Tamar Insurance Co. Dante dumbfounders, dazzles, and de- lights at Theatre Royal again to-night. Rowley's Waxworks and Museum of Varieties attracting steady patronage. Customs returns for week ending 10th inst. :-Hobart, £5,008 5s. 5d.; Launceston, £3,078 8s. Supreme Court holds that the TattersaU's and Mowbray Pony and Trotting clubs should be permitted to use the totalisator. Captain of the School will be repeated to-night at Town-hall, for benefit of Con- valescent Home fund. Chalmers hall Christmas tree, sale of work, and "Quarrel of Flowers," this evening. Sale of cake, produce, and strawberries, and a concert, St. George's schoolroom, Thursday next. Nubeena, excursion steamer, leaves for all Channel ports to-morrow morning, re- turning on Thursday. A "dump site," the Supreme Court holds, is not an easement under the Mining Act, 1893. Leave to file a criminal information against Captain Parker, R.N., for an alleged libel on the Premier, granted yesterday. American trade expanding. Reorganisation and increase of Austrian army to be at once commenced. Adjustment of Cuban debt postponed until a more convenient season. Peace conference at St. Petersburg is to be limited exclusively to diplomatists. American battleship Massachusetts has met with somewhat serious disaster. The Pope will oppose the Carlist move- ment in Spain. Admiralty invites Newfoundland fisher- men to enrol as a naval reberve. Parisians expecting almost Immediate return of Dreyfus to the city. America taking an interest in Jamaica administration. Chinese edict issued ratifying cession of collieries to Hongkong and Shanghai banks. President of Hungarian Diet persists iu not withdrawing his resignation, though unanimously requested to do so. Report current at Berlin that the Powers will occupy Samoa, Germany commencing with Upolu Island. Cricket.-Tasmania : First iruiingb, 130; second innings, 2Ü. New South Wales : First innings, 839. Some possibility of a high British officer being invited to reorganise the Chinese army. ' Ship Hereward was got afloat at Marouba Bay on Saturday, but gale during night drove her again ashore. The vessel is now a total wreck. Bishop Thornton has shown himself to be a sort of moral Frankenstein, for he bau created a monster that will cause him a great deal of trouble and uneasiness. The worst of it is, that the dataller fry of parsons conceive^ that the; must have monsters -also,. and so the colonies are getting troubled with a number of hideous caricatures of things as they really exist. The pensons practically ac- quainted with these colonies, and the people in them, those who have Jived, jnoved, and worked .with ibè";peôp}ë," know that the Bishop is both right and wrong, only he has not . sufficient knowledge of his.eubject to be able to put it in the "true way. The informa- tion which be not in his travels i« just what - any traveller -would get who went .about looking for faults, and who was in the - world aud not of it. There are plenty of persons, travellers and others, wbp get filled up in the same way, and who are quite astonished to be told that they have not drawn an accurate picture of the people whom they bave been arnon g. A Bishop on his travels, so far as our experience goes, never learns much. He is misled by mis- conceptions, and by the want of ac- curate information, and is not unlike the temperance women who give to the world descriptions of the communities which they visit. There is truth in what is said, a great deal in fact of it is truth, bat the picture is a faUe one nevertheless. The mistake müde by Bishop Thornton was, that he did not define his limitations. Had he told the world how he got his information and to whom it applied, the fact would have appeared at once that he was retailing statements made to him by persons who themselves were prejudiced or bad judges at the best, and that he made general what should bave a particular application. The blunder is one of the commonest. It has been made not only by Bishops, but by persons much more capable of forming accurate judgments of society and of mankind. Voltaire, for example, lived in England for years, yet what a picture he has drawn of the Euglish people. Victor Hugo associated with numerous educated Englishmen, he believed that he under- stood English literature, yet he said that there was no English prose, and he described " Bonnie Dundoo " us a mournful air to be played on the bagpipes. His estimate of the English nation was one something below shopkeepers, and he was firmly convinced that French waa a literary language whilst Eng- lish was not. Even Paul Bouruet, who was recently in the United States and London, bas a curiously perverse account of what he thought he saw, from which we can but conclude that people not only fail to see what ¡b under their eyes, but actually see things that do not exist. On the other hand, compare Mr. Haherton's account of the French and their manners with the statements of casual observers, and we shall learn at once how hard it is to gauge the morals and character of a people. There are, moreover, much more striking coses than these. When Lowell first went to England he wrote about the English a number of uncomplimentary and even insulting things, but he lived to retract them all and to be called by his countrymen " a Britisher." Hawthorne went also to Eugland and discovered a great many things which an Englishman believes to be absurdly false/but he made up for much ;by declaring that " England's pulse beats like a cannon-ball." Who has not read of the scenes of misery in London ? There is scarcely a 'London correspondent of a Paris paper Who does not dwell upon them, but to say or imply that such scenes repre- sent England or are peculiar to England, is to say what is manifestly false. Even Dickens may be cited as having been guilty of a serious misapplication of what he saw. Writing to Forster in 1844, he said : -" I declare that I never go into what is called society that I am not aweary of it, despise it, hate it, and reject it. The more I see of its extraordinary conceit, its tremendous ¡gnorahce of what is passing out of doors, the more certain am I that it is approaching a period when, , being incapable of reforming itself, it will have to submit to be reformed by others off- the face of the earth." Here are truth and fiction mingled in a most astonishing fashion We-cannot assent to the contention that statistics have nothing to do with this matter. When the Church Con- gress sat in Hobart statistics were much in evidence to show that New South Wales was more moral than Victoria, but they, unhappily, proved to be incorrect, or at least not conclu- sive Still, they have their function. Crime is an index to a people's char- acter. Where there is little crime shown by statistics, there morality prevails to a great extent, no matter what may be the religious observances or the neglect of them. The poet has depicted the state of Ireland when a j maiden could travel with jewels on her person unmolested from one end of the land to the other, and no one has doubted that the fact shows j a highly moral people. Now, the statistics are admitted to be greatly in favour of these. colonies, as compared with other countries, and that is a great deal. Let us Buppose that they were as unfavourable as they are favourable, what would the critics say ? Nay, what did the clergy say when they thought that they could show something of the kind? We must, therefore, give the statistics their due weight, and acknowledge that they show a not very discredit- able state of affairs in these colonies, and especially in Victoria, the colony arraigned. It is true that statistics do not cover all the ground, for people may keep clear of the law, and yet be bad ; but still the amount of crime cannot be great when the statistics show that it is small. What, then, are the people guilty of? Apparently, moral delinquencies are meant, but these are very difficult to gauge, espe- cially by priests and parsons, who are usually the least competent witnesses We may admit that there is a loose- ness of conduct in several ways, but does that warrant au unlimited con- demnation of a colony ? Moreover, looseness of conduct is a question, in many cashes, of customs and locality. What to one person may seem an indication of immorality, another may know to be a mere matter of habit. John Wesley called a whole country Bide immoral because the girls and boys walked in the fields on Sun- days, and there are persons io Hobart who think that a promenade in Liver- pool-street cn a Saturday is ruin. In Victoria at one time it was truly said that Sunday never got beyond Koilor Plains, and on the diggings there were at least a dp¿eo fights on that day. $U*fc«e£ ,alwpBfc Jwarjf^alé» 4ÊM grog-shop, and the langnage used was mach more forcible that polite. Yet, life and property were safe, hospitality to the verge of foolishness waa uni- versal ; any poor digger could walk into a tent and live there until hegot^old, and women were treated with the utmost respect and deference. These swearing, drinking "miners were amongst the finest men who ever went abroad in search "¡of fortune, «ad did work of wtiich we see the monuments at the present time. Numbers of highly respectable \&nd; religious persouB play cards on ^Sundays, while others will only drink whiskey on the sacred day. Plenty of persons observe all the forms of religion and yet are grossly immoral, while some who pay little attention to them are most worthy citizens. The truth is only to be found in a careful balance of all the facts, for if we choose to inquire closely we, may come to the conclusion that "tb«re.is|no&e; righteous, no aot one. ' i _ ' ' i ' - «. We must not occupy the position of the old lady who, was tola that abo thought that everybody would, be damned but herself and the minister, and who answered, " I hae me doots about the ministeer." Something much more carefully considered than we have yet is required to enable us to arrive at a truthful conclusion. Vick-RkoaIj.-We aro requested hy the Private Secretary to announce that VU countess Gormanston will receive visitors at Government House on Friday, the lGth inst., from 3.30 till 5.30 p.m., and subse- quently on every alternate Fridny until further notice. The Education Department.-The examinations of pupil teachers in the State schools and of candidates for the Hutchins School scholarships take place this morning at 10 o'clock in the art rooms of the Technical Schools at Hobart and Launces- ton. The examinéis in charge will be Mr. S. Ü. Lovell at Hobart, and Mr. J. Masters at Launceston. Diphtheria at the Ouse.-We do not know what the Central Board of Health is about, seeing that it has taken no steps to deal with tile outbreak of diphtheria at the Ouse. We published a letter a short time ngo stating what the inhabitants hod done to disinfect the school house, as the local authorities had taken no action, but whether their work was sufficient no one can say. Two fresh cases ha\e since occurred in the township, and the school has been oloscd for 10 days; hut this does.not appear to be sufficient'. Tlio whole business requires immediate attention to prevent an epidemic, and as the local authorities will not act or do not know what to do, the Central Board should exercise its authority without any further delay. The school- house appears to be reeking with infection. feiQUiiir Needed.-Weare informed on what seems to be good authority, that the two boys, Albert Fulton and James Fulton, sentenced on Friday for terrifying people by playing at ghost, were not con- cerned in the business. If the particulars supplied to us are correct, the whole case, so far as it concerns all three boys sen- tenced, should be carefully reheard. Re- presentations have been made on the subject to the authorities, and it is said that these boys are Mullering for the pranks of others, Telephone to Bhunv Island. - Wardens J. W. Evans and R. R. Rex, of the) Marine Board of Hobart, travelled to Rames Bay by the steam-launch Egeria on Friday last, and met residents ot North Bruny to discuss the possibility of having Bruny Island connected with the main- land by telephone. Residents of South Bruny had been invited to be present, but not one responded. Captain Evans ex- plained tile scheme suggested by the Trea- surer, to thet;rl'ect that the whole cost of carrying it out would be about £1,055, in- cluding cable from Pearson's 1'oint to Dennes Point, and that the Treasurer would recommend its erection to his Government, provided the residents of Bruny Island found all the poles and erected them at an estimated cost of £360, and the Marine Board of Hobart to find £350. Captain Evans said connecting South Bruny lighthouse would ensure valuable information in reference to shipping enter- ing the Channel, or passing round Bruny on the way to Hobart, and reporting the vessels loading at Adventure Bay ; but it would be of still greater advantage to the defence of the island in the event of war. After considerable discussion it was moved by Mr. Spong, secon led by Mr' H. Denne, -" That the residents of North Bruny pledge themselves to lind and erect the necessary poles fora distance of 10 miles "from Denne'» Point." It was pointed out that this was livo miles beyond what was necessary for their communication, but the motion was carried almost unanimously. Warden Rex enlarged upon the great advantage it would be to Bruny to be con- nected in the way proposed. Captain Evans said he would do all that was possible in the interests of the people of Bruny, but he was much afraid that unless the Government were prepared to accept a much larger responsibility as to cost, the iiroject would not be realised. The Marine Joard were asked to contribute far beyond their fair share. Grace Before Meat.-The London Daily Telegraph writing for once " in lighter vein," recently devoted a leading article to grace before meat, the itmnwliata occasion being the new grace with which Canon Shuttleworth opened proceedings at a Sheriffs breakfast in the city. Said the reverend canon :-" For good life and good health ; for good company and good cheer ; may the Giver of all good things make us thankful." \\\ hat these senti- ments lock in rhyme they make lijp for in reason, and the Telegraph is good enough to say that it furnishes a ?erviceable foi mula for large public dinners, " where it is expected something service- able will be said, not lengthy enough to detain Bharp set guests, yet a little more elaborate and comprehensive than the "brief murmurs of the conventional Bishop, or the precipitate " liaicdicttm bencdicat of the official chaplain." The writer, expand- ing on his theme, referred to native habits in India and Japan, the stately dialogues and solemn antiphoiials once preceding ordinary roast mutton at the Don's table in Oxford and Cambridge colleges, and the majestic ceremonial strains of " Non nobis Domine," the prelude of city festivities. Thence lie diverged to domestic incidents, and told tales of contumacious little boys, one of whom, after repeated refusals to say grace for a dinner, which he considered below standard,at last consented to " thank God for tlie stewed gooseberries." And another who scandalised his mother by declaring he would " be blowed" if he said grace for cold meat again, but found himself, with his applauding small brothers and sisters, leady to say grace over any- thing when tea-time came. Thus even rigid journalists unbend at times. One tale the Telegraph missed which lias the merit of trutii. A certain actor straying by himself hito a quiet little country town in England sought about for his dinner. Applying at the one modest hostelry, he was informed that a convocation | of county clergy and their Bishop was | being held, and piesently they would dine. He might, if he liked, sit at table with them. His quiet, unobtrusive garb and clean-shaven face beguiled the landlord into believing the actor to be a member of tlie cloth. The spread wies ready, and the guests assembled eager for the fray. " Will our stranger brother ask a blessing," quoth the Bishop. Confusion, for the moment, seized the actor. Ue hail not rehearsed that part of tlie busi- ness, but, true to his dramatic iu stincts,he scorned to be "stuck." Raking his memory for a line that would fit, he rose and piously ejaculated " Oh Lord, open thou our lips. And our mouths shall show forth thy praise." The Bishop and his satellites stared, but trained immobility of features stood tlie actor in good stead. Derwent and Tamar Assurance Company.-Tlie annual meeting of share-, holders in the Derwent and Tamar Fire, Life, and Marine Assurance Co. was held yesterday at noon, at the office, Murray street* Mr. C. E. Walch, chairman of directors, presided, and there was a good attendance of shareholders. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and a dividend of Is. per share waa declared pay- able. No shareholder having intimated that he was a candidate for the position of director, the retiring directors, Messrs. T. Whiteside» and C. Harbottle.were declared re-elected. The retiring auditors, Messrs. H. L. Robert« and H. F. Bourne, were re electodjfor the ensuing year. The meeting cloned with aovóte of thanks to the direc MHJr»; AMMgHí'-'ín'a'' other officers of tlie company. ^Glenorchic.-A correspondent writes complaining of defects in sanitary arrange- ments. He says'a manure'heap clone to the Main-road, and near one of the churches^ is an annoyance to passers-by and worshippers. At the State school the contents of a tank built for sanitary pur- poses are allowed to overflow into the street, and there evaporate. Parattah Athletic Sports.-In sub- stitution for the bicycle races at these spot ta it is notified that there will be a maiden trial of hunters, a tug-of- war, and an obstacle race. The Lancet, tho loading Kngll'h medical journal, of April 8, hat the following Knillfylng notice o( our Platypus brand of Eucalyptus Globulua Oil :-" Eucalyptus Globulin Oil (Platypus brood). - This preparation was marked, as all similar preparations containing a donirable proportion of Eucalyptol are marked, by an oripooial fragrance of smell. Submitted to fractionation, tlia following re suits were obtained. [Hero follows the analysis.] . . . Inasmuch as the boiling pointof Eucalyptol. which is regarded as tile valuable active principle of Kucalyptus OU, is about 170dug. (J., ii will be scon tbac this brand (the Platypus) is desirably rieb in th.s most, im- portant constituent, Tlie specific ' ravity of the Oil at lSSdeic. was found to be 01)172. Further examination elicited the admirable purity of the product. It is an op »Mont, agree- able and effectual antiseptic juwl In view oi the foregoing result«, the suitanHty of this speci- men for all purpowm where an tlseptlo treatment Unqulrad, cannot b* «üaud. II. T. Gould AMP Co, A«tnu. SuriîEMK Court Criminal Sittings. The sittings of tho Supreme Court in its criminal jurisdiction commence in the Court-house, BriBbano-strect, this morning. The following is the list of prisoners for trial :-John Redmond, larceny and receiv- ing ; M. Mahon, forgary and uttering ; Thomas Patrick Donovan, breaking into and stealing ; Thomas Gough, forgery and uttering ; Peter Syino, John Bell, "Fred- erick Jarvis, Ernest Kemp, and Thomas Knott, (bail), assault ; Win. Walter Riseley (bail), indecent offence ; Alfred Miles, larceny and receiving ; Thomas Fitzgerald, larceny in a duelling and receiving; Amy Jane Alaria Garlick, child murder. The Altorney-Gencral will prosecute in n. num- ber of cases, and the .Solicitor-Geneial in the others. It is understood that several of tho ocMiscd pei-bons will plead guilty. Court ok Kko.uk.sts.- The following coses weie heard before Mr. Commissioner Shaw, at tho Supreme Court, Macquarie Htreet, yesterday :-Mayes v. Pago-Mr. Bradford for plaintiff, no appearance of defendant. Claim for £2 10s. tor damage dono to overcoat and umbrella. Judgment for £1. Ilortin v. Tregear-Mr. Harold Crisp (Messrs. Crisp & Crisp) for plaintiff, Mr. Hoggins (Messrs. Hoggins & White) for defendant. Claim for £2 10s. for detinue of lraoks. Judgment reserved. Dove v. Knight-Mr. Propsting (Messrs. Tinning & Propsting) for plaintiff, no ap- pearance of defendant. Claim £3 8s. 103. for goods sold and delivered. Judgment for plaintiff. Eady v. Connor«-Mr. Hoggins (Messis. Hoggins & White) for plaintiff, Mr. Perkins (Messrs. Perkins Se Dear) for defendant. Claim for £1 3s. lOd. for goods sold and delivered. Judgment for defendant. dayden v. Pearcell-Mr. Propsting (Messrs. Tinning & Propsting) for plaintiff, Mr. Hoggins (Messrs. Hoggins and White) for defendant. Claim £4 6s., for board and lodging. Verdict for plaintiff in full amount claimed. Citv Police Court. - The Mayor (Alderman J. (.}. Davies, M.H.A.), and Alderman J. W.Johnson ad judicated at the City Police Court yesterday. John Pugh was charged with being a suspected person found in the dwelling-house of E. H. Sansoni for an unlawful purpose. In passing sentence, the Mayor said that the accused hail previously received three penalties, two of them for larceny, and tile evidence in the present case was con- clusive that ho hail got through the window for no good pui pose. A sentence of six months' imprisonment waa imposed. John Taylor pleaded uuilty to a chargo of disturbing the peace in Liverpool-street on December 11, and was fined 10s. 6d., with an alternative of 14 days' imprisonment. A.N.A. Social.-Last evening the members of the Australian Natives' Asso- ciation at their rooms entertained the members of the Southern Cross expedition. There was a largo attendance, everyone seeming to enjoy themselves thoroughly. Tile President, Mr. G. Leitch, in a few appropriate remarks, cordially welcomed the -guests, and in asking tliacompany to toast their health said that the A.N.A. felt that they would not be doing their duty if they allowed the expedition to sail without showing the members of it that the A.N.A. appreciated the pluck w hich actuated them in undertaking such an arduous risk in the causo of science. He wished them every success, well knowing that Hobart would share to a certain extent in their success. The toast was drunk enthusiastically. Mr. G. Seabrook responded on behalf of the guests. During the evening refreshments were handed round, and the following con- tributed vocally and instrumentally : Messrs. E. H. Reid, Packman, A. II. Johnson, E. Bone, V.'Peet, G. Whitting- ton, A. J. Nettlefold, J. E. Cottier, R. Whittington, C. Sargeant, and others. Mr. C. Beck accompanied in first- class style. The singing of "Auld lang syne" brought a very enjoyable evening to a cloie. Several of the visitors also rendered Norwegian songs with choruses, much to thejgratification of all present. Probate and Administration.-The Supreme Court has issued probate of the will of William Lemuel Domeney to Lemuel Albertus Edward Domeney. The value of the estate is £149. Improvement ok Dairy Cattle.-At last the Government, following the example of the Governments of the other colonies, will make a beginning in the direction_ of helping to improve the breed of dairy cattle. Mr. J. H. Innes has been deputed to purchase for the Government farm a Iiedigree Ayrshire bull from the well mown Ayrshire herd owned by Mr. W. French, at Glenore. The bull belongs to a noted imported strain of Ayrshire«, and is said to 1>e a very fine specimen of the breed. Insurance Amalgamation.- It is an- nounced by advertisement that the business of theHolmrtagencyof the Cornwall Fire and Marine Insurance Co. Limited having been purchased by the New Zealand Insurance Co., will henceforth be conducted on behalf of the latter company by Messrs. Burgess Broh., who have been appointed chief agents for Southern Tasmania. This change will not interfere with the agency for the New Zealand Co., conducted by Messrs. S. T. Kirby, who will still continue to act in conjunction'with Messrs. Burgess Bros. Druid Gifts Distribution and Car- nival at Hobart.-Full particulars will be found in another column of a great! Druids' demonstration, siiorts carnival, and distribution of gifts to be held at the Hobart cricket ground on Wednesday, March 15 next. There is announced a formidable list of patrons, with a grand council of Druids and a strong executive committee to cairy out the management. Among the gift« will bo a work of art of the guaranteed value of £100, a grand piano, a handsome suite of furniture, a marble clock, etc. The programme of events is an excellent one. The office and committee-rooms areat 81, Elizabeth-street, and Mr. M. Henry is the general secretary. Mr. Back, the General Manager of Rail- ways, has, with his usual courtesy, arranged with the executive committee for special fares and railway facilities, which will be fully advertised in duo course. St. Mary's School Concert_A concert was given at the Temperance-hall last evening by the pupils of St. Mary's Boys' School, assisted by a number of friends, in aid of the school hand fund. There was a satisfactory attendance, and' the programme was well received, a num- ber of the items being encored. Selections were ably played by the band, and several choruses were sung by the pupils. Exercises in physical drill were also gone through, and a clever exhibition of fancy club, swinging given. Masters R. Grant and H. Liston played a cornet and euphonium duet in a creditable manner, and Miss C. Kelly contributed a mandoline solo. Songs were sung by Messrs. A. Whitworth, P. J. Johnson, E. Macnamara, and Masters J. Cullen and T. Mitchell. A duet on the violin and piano was played by Masters A. and W. Paton. Mr. J. R. McCann was musical director, and Mr. W. Mitchell was in charge of the band. .Excursions for Visitors.-Channel steamer Huon makes special excursion to Tasman'« Peninsula, Koonya, and Dunalley to-morrow morning, returning in the evening ; also to Huon River, Franklin, and Channel Ports on Thursday morning, returning on Friday. Bream Creek.-On the evening of the 7th inst. the Rev. James Hebblethwaite, of the Congregational Church, gave a lecture on the " Seudan Wars" in the Union Church, in aiil of the Annie Ward Disaster Relief Fund. The Rev. M. Cockerill, of the Church of England, '.occupied'tJie'chair. The attendance was fairly large, and those present much en- joyed the lecture, which was given throughout in oil inspiring, well-connected, and political strain. Great Britain's work in Egypt for the last 20 years was vividly sketched, and many battle scenes graphi- cally depicted.. Port Cygnet Regatta.-The pro- gramme for this regatta on the 27th is ad- vertised to-day. There will lie yacht, cruiser, and dingey races. ' Entries will be received up to die evening of Monday next by Mr. W. T. Grubb, Hobart, or Mr. Arthur Davies, secretary, Port Cygnet. Tamar Reoatta.-The full programme of the Tamar Regatta on' March 1 next appears in another column. The associa- tion has put forward an excellent pro- gramme of 14 events for pulling and sailing races. Entries close on Monday, February 20\. Mr. W. Fletcher, 3, Bank-chambers, St. John-street, Launceston, is the secre- tary. Rkady-madi; Clothing yonChristmas. -Parents mid guardians, etc., would do well, to Inspect the large assortment ol Ready-made Clothing to be seen al Mit. Soundy's establishment. The goods are to hand hy recent vessels direct from a London manufacturer famous In this, direc- tion. In boys' sailor, tunic, and Norfolk suits there Is a big display. There is also a capital suit, known as the "school suit," for older boys who are not quite ready for long trousers. In boys', youths', and jncn's suit«, men's couts und vesta, trousers und vests, ond men's tweed trousers, there is a fine range to select from. The shape and general get-up of the garments ia all 1 tfcat« tobe desired. The Christmas " Mau»"-Tlie special feature about tlie Christmas Holiday nnruber of The. Tasmanian Mail is that it is so distinctly representative of the colony, and sois bound to bo welcome in the hollies of Tasmanians who have domiciled them- selves in other places. It appeals, more- over, to a larger circle than that usually reached by a Tocal paper, a fact which is worth the attention of thoio advertisers who wish to reach on extended class of possiblo customers. Already copies aro ordered to lie sent to every point of the Australian compass ; to South Africa, tlie United States, the principal European contros, and of course, many towns in tJroat Britain. To slightly twist the ad- vertisers' own shibboleth, «; You may make the colony known to pcoplo without sending them the Christmas Mail, but you can't send them the Christmas Mail with- out making the colony known to thom." Agents are requested to let tho manager know without delay how many extra copies, they- require for tho holiday demand in their respective surroundings. Tasmanian Defence Fohce.-Tenders close at the oflice of the Board of Tenders at noon to-day for tho making and trim- ming only of 250 military great coats and oaiies. Loyal Orange Institute.-A meet- ing of the Loyal Orange Lodge, Glory of Exeter, this evening it Congregational schoolroom, New Town. Sandford and South Arm Sports. Entries for the Sandford and South Arm sports, on January 2, close to-morrow. Convent of Mercy School, Delo- raine.-More than usnal local interest cen- tres in the annual break-up of tills popular school for the Christmas vacation, as in addition to the usual exhibition of papila' work, the cantata, A Merry Christina», in which quite a number of carefully-trained juveniles will take part, .will lie staged in the convent-hall on the evening of the 16th inat, ? JSkw;-Norfolk Road Trust.--A poll in connection witli Trust election will take place on'Monday next. Melbourne Premier Permanent Building. Society.- Notice appears in another column . to tlie creditors and con- tributors in tho matter of the Premier Permanent Building Land juill investment Association, Melbourne (in liquidation), of a meeting to be held in Melbourne on the 10th prox. ' Hamilton Sports.-The entries and handicaps in several of tho events at tho forthcoming sports moating at Hamilton appear in to-day's advertisement columns. A Shooting Sensation_A great sen- sation was caused at Bendigo on the night of the 7th inst. by the eccentric behaviour of a bank clerk, 22 years of ago, named Alfred Lievcsley, who was sleeping on the premises of the Commercial Bank. Constables heard three reports of a revolver, and a bullet struck the ground in front of the Commercial Bank. Concluding that ' the shots were fired from the -bank, a constable went to the door and rang the hell. Suddenly Lievesley drew aside the Venetian blind and presented a levolver at a Mr. Hampton, who was in the street, who said, " It's all right, Alf, don't fire. It's only Hampton, the paper man." Lievesley said, " I'll fire," and Mr. Hamp- ton then ran for shelter. Lievesley pulled the trigger, and the ball passed dangerously close to Air. Hampton as he was running round the corner. Directly after this Lievesley fired another shot, which struck the asphalt close to where tlie constable was, standing. By this time about 200 people were on the scene. Soveral other shots were fired. It appeared that Lic vesley's mind hod bcoomo unhinged, and a messenger was sent post haste to Mr. Johnston, manager of the bank, who arrived on the scene just as Lievesley fired again. At 11 o'clock Lievesley again1 appeared at the window, and the people scattered for their lives. Constables broke iu the back door leading to the bank. Mr. Johnston, son of the manager, showed them the way to Lievesley's room, and they found linn lying, apparently asleep, on his bed. The noise they mode entering caused him to start up, and they quickly secured him, although ho fought and struggled very hard. Dr. Peebles was called in, and found that Lievesley was Buffering from hysterics, cansed, he thinks, from shock. He ordered his removal to the hospital. He was placed in the refractory ward.. Near Lievesley's bed were two six-chambered revolvers, one loaded in six chambers, and a stock of cartridges. On the Hoor were fully a dozen empty shells. AN IMBECILE'S MURDEROUS ATTEMPT. At a place near Bathurst, New South Wales, on the 6th inst, Edward Cantwell, aged 24 years, an imbecile, took a gun from the corner of a room, loaded with powder and shot, and took deliberate aim at his mother, a decrepit old woman, who was standing near. Just then a servant girl, named Sarah Rowson, came into the room, and altering his aim, Cantwell fired into the girl's face, being within a few feet of her. Some of the shot lodged in the girl's face and shoulder, but the larger portion of the charge missed. Cantwell escaped, taking the gun with him, but was subsequently arrested by the police. To Chkibtmas Drapery Buyer«. Those popular stores of Best's, at Manchester House, remain open until 0 o'clock To-Morrow (Wednesday) Afternoon to enable their thousands of customers to get a fair shore of the 18U8 Xmas Carnival Bargains. Perfumes.-J. W. Tonlis, Cbcuiist Llverpool-street, has just landed a ship, ment of choice perfumes for Christmas and New Year presents, from the well known houses, Roger and Gullet, Kimmel, Atkinson, Vlnoliu Co., und Win. Riemer. The shipment nibo includes Himmel's tinted lavender water, the latest London novelty. _ I 