[?] A LONG REPfflTAHCG. CHAPTER VI. *' Very well mum— and tbank you mum '? — and Mrs. Pratt withdrew to the kitchen. She was a was a worthy soul. bat ad she examined her letter, she did feel curious as to what tbe strange gentleman had come about, and why Mrs. Seward looked as white as a ghost ; and, above all, why Miss Lilith was not to know. Then she tore open the thin crampled envelope and drew ont a scrap of note paper. ' From that good-for- nothin'! ' she exclaimed irately. ' 1 wonder what ha wants now?' ;The letter ran as follows : — . )' 'My Debe Arnt, — i have been il— nerely dyed. Am comin to see you. ex ousa writin. i'm no scoler. Your affeo nevew, James Doeden.' ' Well I'm blest ! ' Mrs. Pratt cried holding the bit of paper at arm's length. 'Oomin' here, are you ? Not if I know it. What am I to do with a great feller like that 7 Been ill ho says. Lor* ! I shan't forget how I nersed him through the scarlet fever. He was a good lad then. Yor hadn't taken tbe wrong turning then, Jim.' Her voice and face softened and then hardened again, ' No, he's gone to the bad ; he isn't' fit to live in a decent house. He shan't come. I'll write and tell him so.' Then she discovered there was no address, and one might almost have imagined the little sigh she gave on making the discovery was one of relief. 'I must tell the missis,1' she said, and waddled back to the drawing-room ; but Lenore had gone. She had known that Lilith would be wondering if she delayed any longer, and eo with the quiet strength she possessed, she bad hidden her terrible fears and anxiety, and had gone down to the beach with a smile on her pale lips. Lilith dected the look of suppressed Buffering, and her bright eyes grew dim as she turned her head away, pretending to be engrossed with the strawberries she was distributing. ,. Three days passed without word or ; sign from Mnsgrave. It did not strike Reggie as strange that his brother had not written, for, like most men, they sel dom wrote to one another; nor did Lilith expect him to do so, believing he had gone up to town on business, and would soon be back again: but Lenore, in silence, waited, and watched, and prayed for only aline from him. She thought of every possible reason for the long delay. That there was a reason she felt certain, for in him she had per fect faith ; but the suspense was wear ing her ont. Mra Pratt's nephew had arrived the same day as bis letter ; a gaunt, hollow cheeked sailor, with a bundle in his brown, horny hand. ' Mrs. Pratt's motherly heart bad been touched on see ing the wreck of her once heart;, hand some Jim. She took him into tho kitchon, and pushed him into her own easy- chair, while she warmed up a drop of soup for him,' and sqolded him all the time beoause she felt very much inclined to make a fool of herself and cry. But Jim did not pay much heed, he sat star ing before him vtill she placed the basin beside him ; then he said— 41 Take it easy, aunt. I'm a bad 'un, I know, but I've only come to bid yer good-bye afore I take my last voyage,' She glanced sharply at him, not quite certain of what he meant, saying roughly— ? 'Your last 1 are you) going to give up eailoring ? ' And without w&\- ling for an answer, ?be flounced out tl tbe kitchen up to her own- room1, where she -flung her apron over her head and rocked herself to and fro. . ' Poor lad — poor lad! ' she cried; 'he was always my favorite.'^ ??*?.£$$§ Jiii was no trouble in the house, and gave what little help he could, and when he was neither cleaning boots or kniveB he sat in perfect silence, and did not even want to smoke, which Mrs. Pratt found a blessing ; but as she told herself with many a sigh, 'It wasn't nateral.' Cameron, had gone straight back to Charnborough, travelling in a carriage labelled 'Engaged ' He wanted time for quiet,- uninterrupted thought ; the whole scheme no.w needed the greatest care. He had gone too far to draw baok, even if ho had wished, and he did not wish to ; he wanted his cheque for £1,000, and be meant to have it. ' It must be carried through at all risks,' he told himself, setting his jaw in an ugly, determined way, and he said the same to Lord Charnborough as they talked the matter over in the latter's private study. Lord Charnborough was gnawing his noils, a horrible habit he always indulged in when nervous or put out, and his deep set eyes were shifty and restless. ' That woman will drag me down,' he whined—' I have a conviction she will. Did you tell hor I wns beggared .—-that exposure meant ruin — that I tiad'nt a penny pieco to give her ? ' ' No,' with a short, sneerioy laugh : 'I did not waste my breath. She would not. have cared two straws for that ; she's a queer, nasty woman to deal with. It's only the name she thinks about, and that's for her daughtars' sake. They are wrapt up in cno another ; I heard that from everyone.' ' Then ' — and Oharnborough looked inexpressibly wicked — ' can't we in Borne way toaoh nor through tho girl ? ' 1 To be Continued.' I -— *» ii ? 