THE KOTELIST. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. Wild Edin; Her Escapades, Ad ven lu res, and Bitter Sorrows. BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author or "A Daughter of - Heth," "A' Princess of . Thule," "Madcap Violet," . "In Far Lochnber," "White Heather," "Stand Fast, Cralg-Royston." "Highland Ccuslns," etc., etc, . (Copyright.) ; - CHAPTER XXIX. . Brunhilde. .< '"Top o' the'iriorning to you, Fergus!" she call ed to him, above the din of the weir. "Why don't you howie him out?"' '' '"l eanna stir him," was the answer, that, came back from the fisherman, who was wading deep, and»throwing a heautiful line. ????:-???'?.:?..??'?:.??>. "It's because you don't llsh properly!"; she, con tinued, jeering at him. "Man alive, do you call that fishing! . Why don't you haul a yard of slack under the reel-and . shake out the line with the point of the rod-and give the fly a chance of working? Don't follow the fly round! dear, dear; that I should have to come round to-give you les-' sons." ? He turned to her. "Ay," and what mlischief will, ye be after this morning?" he asked of her, with the familiarity of an old crony. "Oh, Fergus," she said, in a burst of, candor. "I would cut off my head and lay it at your feet if you could only teach me to "throw a line like that!" V 'There's not a leddy in the north of-Scotland will throw a better line than yourself, Miss Belin," said he-with another of the long Spey casts going whistling out. "Oh-oh!" she cried. "And you know what you told General iMallook about Irily Neile!" "I did not! I did not!" he maintained stubborn ly. "I said she would keep longer at lt, maybe You're too impatient, and that's all the fault I've to find with ye." "Well, I wish you good luck!" she called to him; and then as she went on again said to her self, "And you might wish me good luck in return, Fergus, for I've much need of lt." Not that she was in any way dejected about the future; she was quite the reverse of that. She had secured safety for herself-even physical safety, for had she not seen the same Archie Gilchrist take up the leg of a cane-bottomed chair and belabor a whole ^rabble of roughs into ignominious flight! Moreover, it was a kind of alliance thát left her so entirely untrammelled. Brunhilde the warrior maiden could not have been left more entirely her own mistress. - And for the rest such sinister phrases as 'I generally get what'I want, don't you know'seemed to have-less significance now: Nay, could they not be altogether dismissed and for gotten? : Indeed as she walked along this pathway be ween the beds of pink-grey shingle and the run ning river on the one hand and on the other the wide fields and' the far-shintnK uplands, one might have guessed her to be 'fey.' . Light headed she appeared to be as well as light-heart ed; for with an immeasurable pathos she was re citing to herself : I wish I were where Eelin lies; Night and day on me she cries; . ? . ' . O, that I were where Eelin lies ,-i On fair Kirkconnell lee. - And then it waa (the empty brain careering about anywhere) Hard fate that I should banished be, And rebel called witïi scorn. ^. \- For serving of the kindest prince . That ever yet- was bom. ......;; .?.'.??..??:.,:?...??,.:..?.?.? 0 my kine-God save the king! .:? Whatever- me- bétail! 1 would not be In Huntly*s case ? For honors, lands, and all. And then again it was-while the oxen -in the meadow were staring at her with their great, soft, inquiring eyes But let them say, or let them dae, -It's a' ane to me; For he's low doon,' he's In the broom That's walting lor me; Waiting for me, my ; love, He's waiting for me; For he's low. doon,' he's In the broom That's waiting for me. . Only, when she drew near the house, she had to pur. a curb on her rodomontade; for she perceived that the blinds of her mother's bedroom-were still: lowered; and what her scattered wits had now to concentrate themselves upon was the question of arranging the most seductive "DreaMast she could .frame for the poor invalid-hot and strong tea, to ¡begin with, then a fried egg, with the yolk thin and hard, and yet not altogether hard, and just touched with cayenne; the white of the. egg crisp and brown and alluring, with a sprinkling of grey pepper; the garniture some sprays of water-cress steeped in vinegar. Then there was a particular kind of phlox, the extremely delicate scent of rwhlch her mother was fond- of; and she thought she would go' on into the garden, to gather a few bunches, so that when she went into the sick-room she would be carrying with her a breath of the sweet outside air. But she had not gone .past the laurel ibushav when she suddenly drew up. . She heard voices; and through the-leaves she could see that Morag had brought out a row of ¡boots and shoes to polish here in the open, while old Maxwell, having de livered his consignment of garden .produce, was engaging her in conversation. And Miss Eelin ?wondered whether the Mull lass would remember the instructions she had received. "Ay, and wha ur ye this mornin'?" Maxwell asked of her, in his Lowland tongue. "I am thinking I am myself," the Highland girl replied. "And who else would I be, I wonder?" "It's little ye ken!" he answered, partly in scorn, partly in pity. "Ye're a puir crayture and ye canna understand ; I've teilt ye again and again, hut the doctrine of the transmotiori of souls is -be yond ye-". "?Ferry well, then," said Morag, sharply, "and if you'are the black murderer you say, why are you not giving yourself up and going to be banged?" "Woman, woman, ye canna comprehend-is it no possible for your intelleck to comprehend? 'Da vid (Hoigg-art was executed at Edinburgh the iSth of July, 1821; ye wadna liae twa men hanged for tho same crime; and I declare ta« ye there was no intent on my part to -murder onybody. Indeed, there was not. I had !got the ¡bag with a stone in'.t; I'll no deny that; but I. hit' the j Uer only wan clowt wi't j and then T- rushed Across the yard, and pulled the dub from'my cloy, and opened the out side door. It was" days eftor-before I kent that the jiler was deed; il was hldin'. in some hay, and I heard a woman asking a bay if the lad that had ibrokken oct o' Dumfries j He was catched yet, and he said, 'No, but the jiler deed last nicht at ten o'clock.'. Dod, that was a fearsome thing to hear; that was a different 'business fre snitotoing a lil from a'conish cove's suck-". "Yes, and what. will.all that ' bo?" inquired Morag, with a supercilious air. "Ay,-they dinna*ken everything in. Mull!" he retorted, with a grim facetiousness. "They're no very gleg at the nptak, ur they? It's.a wise man that can follow his nose; but they navena 'learnt that yet in Tobermory, or they wouldna .toe aye tummelin into the harbor. Oh, they're a fine eet,' the Tobermory chlels, keepin' up the' New Year til'/the 15th "o' December, and heginnin' again on "the 16th. I heard tell there was ylnce'a.sober man . discovered 1' the streets o'. Tobermory, but. they . didna ken what to do wi' him, sp they sent him to a lunatic asylum-" . O'f a sudden Morag uttered three: piercing shrieks, and her arm was outstretched^ and her gaze was fixed on some" distant point beyond the washing green. .'. ; . ' "Look! look! look!" she cried. . "It's the ghost of the Dumfries chller! -It's the ghost of the mur dered man." Now in ordinary cold Mood old .'Maxwell would not have allowed himself to be deceived, by the cantrips of this ?Mull idiot; but ber yells had startled him out of Ms senses. Involuntarily he wheeled round; to see what the terrible thing was; and at the same moment Morag, using the only ?weapon she happened to have handy:-which was the blacking brush-struck him fair arid full be tween the shoulders, and that with a force that sent bim staggering .forward on aili fours. What happened next the Mull lass did not stay to ob serve. She had fulfilled her instructions; only she did not know that, as she swiftly picked up the boots and shoes and fled for refuge to' the housekeeper's room, there was someone else be sides berself who was in fits of laughter-and that was a young .lady concealed behind some laurel bushes. The great bunches of phlox-so sweet and cool in their delicate perfume-were 'most welcome to the weary-eyed Invalid. She cared less for ,the suggestion about the fried egg and the hot tea; she seemed to prefer the dumb twilight of the blinds being down, and the gracions quiet; while tier daughter's voice, as she stole about the room, ?was as soft as velvet. So the day «passed some how; and then in the afternoon a visitor arrived, whom Eelin went, down to receive, with apologies for her mother's absence. The visitor was Lord Mountmahon; and he appeared to be laboring un der some sense of injury. "Oh, really, now, really, really," said, he," "I never was so badly treated in ail my life. Do you think I'd have gone to tluat twopenny-half penny kick-up unless on the understanding that you were-to be there? Why, everybody was saying you' would be the Queen of the 'Ball! Yes, and there T was-there I was- waiting and watching waiting and watching-but where were you? What made the assembly shine? Well, the assembly didn't tshlne!-not unuch! And of course I must fall into the hands of that old cat Lady Grilles mere; and I'll toe hanged if she hasn't got fifteen .thousand nieces-well, to be strictly honest and accurate, I'll take off a thousand-and I'll . be dashed If she hasn't got fourteen thousand nieces -and all of them, have sandy hair, and-all: of: them squint; and may I never if I hadn't to dance with every , man-jack of them--" - "Oh, I'm so sorry, Lord Mountmahon,". said. .Eelin, ' somewhat inappropriately; but she did. not .heed-much what i?he said; "she was less afraid-now.? of the potboy-looking young man. "Yes, you may well think that," he answered her, commiserating himself. "AU sandy-haired, aili squint-eyed-twenty thousand of them I be lieve there were- and the old cat was Inexorable one down, t'other come on-not a 'minute's time for a cigarette and a whisky and soda-and me looking -for you all the time- why, oif course! the Queen of . the Ball--the Queen of the Ball, they said-and <I will confess to you that I did hear my name coupled with yours-rather grati fying, don't you know-a happy omen-yes, there was more than one little reference-" "Oh, indeed," said Eelin, with the big young eyes staring; who had dared in so public a way to mention her name in conjunction with this mi crocephalous lout? . "Ah, never mind," said he, with great satisfac tion. "We'll make up for it to-night; better late than never; no crying over spilt milk, and; that's my motto. And mind you save all the barn-doors for me, Miss Eelin-" ' ;. "But I am- not going to the ball to-night, Lord Mountmahon," said she. . - , . : "What? 'he exclaimed. "Oh, but that's non sense; you certainly are; I.can't be cheated: twice running-everyone mentioning' names-and fore casting a' little event!. Queen-of the Ball, that's what you are going to be; and we'll just show them what a barn-door, is like, when we put a little Bwag into it. Why, bless my soul, not going to night-" . - - - "My "mother is not well; I mean to stay at. home--"'?:?.'???.??:.':? :??-:/-??' ..: * "Stuff and nonsense!" he said, with gay good humor. "Your staying at home-won't make your mother any better. Why, what do you suppose I'm in Invernish fer? Do you suppose I came in here to teetotumise rc-und Lady Grillesmere's thir ty thousand .sandy-haired nieces ? Why, I'm sup posed, to be entertaining a house praty at Kln vaig; and do you Imagine I don't know what they'll be up to the moment my back is turned? ^ But I do know--yes I do. Off to the hill they go and not. one of them able to hit a haystack-and they blaze and blaze-my cartridges, mind-'oh, yes, they take precious good care of that-hundreds and hundreds ordered out from Watson, in IngllB street-all to my account- and they blaze and blaze^-and the keepers driven mad-and the dogs demoralised-and the ground spoilt-and at the end of the day an old grey hen or a solitary cur lew to show for the lot of 'em. Yes, and netting the pools-ah, but I know-I'm up to their tricks-" "Then why do you Invite people of that kind?" Misa Belin asked, naturally enough. "They're such comical devils!" he protested. "They keep things going-firing ahead-getting a rise out of someone-plenty of gammon and spin ach. For that's my motto; always on the do. You only live once; bless my soul, what's the use of getting doAvn below the daisies prematurely? you'll be there long enough. Keep on the do; that's my motto. Why, there's little Teddy Hicks '-I must bring him here some day-oh, yes, I will -just make you die laughing-his description of a fellow proposing to a girl and finding his nose begin to bleed-In a blue funk, of course-lost lila handkerchief-I tell you, lt's the funniest thing I'vo seen a whole dinner-table In fits. And talking of a proposal-no, no, my dearest girl, don't you lock frightened!-I'm content vo wait; it's quite true l never take no for an answer-what's the good!-hut I'm not any early Christian persecutor; I would rather let the little idea simmer in your mind, till you get to see-how reasonable lt is. And if T haven't the gift of the gab, there's one thing I do know; you'd find yourself dashed well looked after.- Ah, wouldn't you, though! Your mother tolls me you've never been In Brighton. Good gra cious, to think of such a thing! Bless me, tho very centre of life, the very cen tre "of, everything that's " worth anything the King's-road-the old ship-a slap-up .'suite bf rooms-sunshine galore-the coaches coming and going-tcotle-too all. the m'ming-old pals waving you a hand - bless " me - go-d gracious -why, that's .life! Keep things mov ing. No stagnation for this Infant. Why, I'd rather be dead and buried right off the reel than have to crawl and crawl to the grave. Miss Eelin, I can see you on the first floor of the Old ship, looking out. Oh, I know ; the place; trust me; you trust me; if I can't order a ripping little lunch for the two of us, then take me away and fling me into the nearest horse-pond. And you're coming to that ball to-night. Yes, you are. Your mother's sure to be better^ by then. I'll be waiting for you-now mind. Allthe barn doors; and we'll sit out the Lancers-and the waltzes, too, if you like; and we'll make lt a perpetual bun- fight for old Mother Helmsdale. And as for the fifteen thousand three hundred and forty-seven sandy-haired nieces of Lady Grilles mere, don't you see, I've polished them off al ready-Waiting for you, that's what it was-and now you've got to make lt up to me, for fair play's a jewel-and you're not going to cheat me to-night again---" . At this moment the drawing-room door was opened, and MISB Lily Neile was announced ; whereupon-after some further Insistence that Eelin must not fall him at the ball-Mountmahon took his departure. . "Oh, Eelin, is it true?" cried Lily Neile. "Is what true?" Eelin made answer-and the proud Hps were not the less proud. "Why, what everyone is saying-about you and Lord Mountmahon!" . "I cannot help them saying what they choose to say," responded Eelin of the eyes like the blue seawave,. "but-but-at least I-I, considered you were my friend. And you could think that of me!". ' . i - At which there was a mutual breaking-down, and much of hugging and kissing and protesta , tion and tears, for this girl, high-spirited as she might be, perhaps was not quite so confident about the future as she pretended to herself. 