THE MAIL STEAMERS. The incoming mail steamer Orotava arrived at Albany at 11.20 a.m. on Thursday, and sailed for Adelaide at 5 o'clock on Thursday evening. She may therefore be expected to reach Adelaide on Sunday afternoon. Among her passengers, a list of whom appears else where, is the Duke of Manchester, who is pro ceeding to Sydney. The Orient, which left Largs Bay on Thursday, has an unusually large cargo of produce for London. Some addi tions were made to this, besides which 30,000 sovereigns were shipped to London, and 9S bars of. silver, worth £12,200, were put on board for Colombo. The German mail steamer Gera sailed from Fremantle for Adelaide on Wednesday afternoon. The popular Port manager of Messrs. G. Wills & Co. (Mr. C. Neill)and Captain Bond, of the Warrigal, had a narrow escape from a serious accident on Thursday. The two gentlemen were driving along the wharf where the Warrigal is moored, and just as they reached the end of one of the sheds erected there a number of trucks • which were shunting came around the corner and struck the trap in which they were seated. Both were thrown violently to the ground and sus tained a severe shaking, while the buggy was shattered. On Thursday evening the Rev. A. E. Beilby lectured before the University Shake speare Society on "Ghosts and Ghostland of ! Shakespeare." Mr. J. H. Syiuon, Q.C., pre- j sided over a.large attendance, which consisted i principally of ladies. The pages of Shake- i speare, as every student of the Bard of Avon i knows, are exceedingly rich in allusions suit-. able for the purposes of such a lecture; in fact, ; the references are so numerous that it would! be quite impossible to deal with them all j critically in the course of an evening, so that \ Mr. Beilby had a pretty wide field for his; researches. He treated his subject in a most! interesting manner, and was rewarded with a i hearty vote of thanks at the close. " j During the half-year ended June 30, 1898, ten persons died in the Parkside Lunatic Asylum and three in the Adelaide Asylum whose relatives are unknown or who reside beyond the limits of the colony. 