THE NEW COOK. 11 I suppose Kutio thought that she would havu more work to <lo if there was a guest in tlw house ; soon after I told her you wore com ing she was taken sink and had to leave. I>t mo nets-where I ? ' Oue of butter, two of sugar, four eggs.' Now, Margaret, rou need not beat those eggs. I declare it is ft shamo to invito you hero and then put you up in the kitchen to work 1 " Here pretty MrB. Thorne paused to take breath. Margaret looked up at her friend and laughed-a low. hearty laugh that was good to hear-and continued to beat the foaming wliitn mass on the pinto she hold. If .YOU heard Margaret Moore laugh without seeing her, faco you would have an instantaneous desire to be hold it, then you would have wished to kuow the owner, uot that it was a beautiful face ;it was simply bright and happy. Her vojee matched the laugh in its low, sweet lones. You are the same old Initio. I cannot see that o, husband and a boy have changed you in the least. I am sorry for your sako that your cook is gone, but yon need not worry on my account. I am nufor so happy as when busy at some pieco of homework, especially cooking. I You must remember thnt 1 have had a very practical education. At homo we girls always managed the lionse." ] " That explains your knowing how to do everything. Ah, Margaret, what a mistake some mothers make in bringing up their daugh ters. 1 am for over in a muddlo.of some kind. You would beSurprised and shocked if I told you of some of the mistakes 1 have made since I have been housekeeping. And it is all owing to my not having been taught when I was a girl at home. When I have a good servant every ? thing goes on very well, but it is often the caso .that I am obliged to put up with a poor one, and she must over remain so, foe I cannot tuucU ber better." Thero was such honest distress in her Face that Margaret did not laugh, but helpod her with the cake and changed the subject. 1 Supper timo came. Mr. TUorue was homo from the .bank and little Robbie from school. Mnrgaret had made a dish of salad, and the cuke was pronounced delicious. ?' 1 don't seo but what we cun get along very well without a cook," said Mr. Thorno, helping himself a second time to the Balad. I'bat iB because Margaret is here." <. Nover mind-she is going to teach me all sho knows. I shall surprise you yet," said the I little wife, hopefully. He laughed, roso from the table, and was about to leave tho room when ho drew a letter from his pocket. ' _ <* Hero is a note from Aunt Saran, pet , l had almost forgotten it." . . Mrs Thorne opened tho scented envelope and read tiio note inside in silence, hut hur face was oloquciit with disappointment and despnir. " What in tho world is tho matter, Initio r said Margaret auxiously. " 1" anyone sick or dead ? I never saw you look so hopeless." " Aunt Sarah aud Mary are coining here." " Is that all ?" " Why, Margaret S Yon have no idea what .a horrid woman Aunt Sarah is. She and Mary como and slay n month at a time. They are such model housekeepers thnt they think I ought to be loo, and never c-xcuso a mistake. As for Mr. Thome's aunt, Aunt Sarah thiuks she is privileged to look into my closets- and cupboards-and-well, you kuow they are al ways more or less stirred up. I do straighten things once in a while, but they won't stay that way long. I don't profess to bo a model house keeper, but it is so aggravating to have tier fuss with me 1 Sho is a regular *py> Mary is just like her," Having thus freed her mini Lutie Iranquilly finished her supper. Then they talked the matter over seriously. " In the Bint place wo must get a cook at any price," said Lutie. " And it is almost .im possibles to engage a good one at, such short notice.'" . " If they aro coming to-morrow evening it would be better to put tho houso in order ilrst. Let your wushorwomaii come and scour every thing in the lcitchen and pantry ; y°u »ni1 1 can see to the rest of the houso, and bake up some nice things to tickle Aunt Sarah's palate. Lutie's faco brightened. " You are just lovely 1 If Aunt Sarah is neat she can't begin to cook as you do. I only wish Bhe could taste some of your dainty dishes." " How long will they stay ? I do not think you finished reading the letter, you were so np set." Lutie took np the note and read-" So sorry, but we can remain with you but a low days." " Isn't that just splendid ? I might get a girl who would be willing to como for so short a time." " l'lcase mum, would I suit ?" said Margaret, dropping a curtesy. | " Don't joke now, dear ; I am in such trouble!" _ . " I " I iras never more earnest in my life. Lutie opened her graj tiyes to their widest extent, while her friend proceeded to explain herself. " I have not met yonr aunt and cousin, ana do i ot wish to. It will be such fun ! Fray, let ma do it, Lutie. It has rained so since I came that no one has called, and so no one knows I am here. I have been playing the fine lady in town for tho past six months ; it would be so refreshing to be thonewcook for a little while." So Lutie finally consented to the plan. " How did you enjoy your visit at your uncles ?" she inquired, as they washed tho dishes anil arranged the table for the next meal. " Oh, it was grand, of course. They live in an elegant mansion on one of the most fashion able streets in the city, and entertain a deal ot company. It was a great pleasure to me to go to the opera. Aunt insisted ou giving me all my party dresses, and I daresay I passed for a young lady who had been reared in the lap of luxury, and know nothing uf the common duties of life." "A gentleman from this place, a great friiud of ours, was in tha city last winter attending lectures. I wonder if you met him Doctor Stone ?" Margaret's face flushed. " Yes, he came to the house quite ofteu. He is related to oue of auut's friends. I did uot kuow ho lived here." .' He is not here now, and I am glad, for Aunt Sarah and Mary will be disappointed. I have no doubt that is the obji ct of their visit. Aunt is determined Mary shall capture him, aud i am afraid the poor fellow will be bouud to yield." The next day was a very busy one for the two friends. Wbeu night came everything was in perfect order ; not a closet bad been neg lected. It is safe to say Mrs. Thome's house had never been in such a state before. The pantry was filled with good things, and Lulie was fairly dumb with astonishmeut at the marvellous results attained by her friend. The guests arrived late in the evening. Aunt Sarah was one of tho patronising kiud of women ; Mury, a pale, languid woman of 33, whoso beauty was a thing of the past, but with very girlish way*. The next morning Aunt fearati looked with wondering eyes at tho breakfast table. The china and silver were tho same, but Bomehow new in their arrungement. Then when Lutie poured out tho amber coflee, clear and strong, and delicious with rich cream, Aunt Sarah looked really injured. If thero was anything sho was proud of it wits knowing l.ow to make good coffee. Lutie always had a lcelure on llns aubject. This morning Bhe was forced to uu_ knowledge in hor secret heart that the coffee w»s superior to her own. Then she Inruecfher attention to the meat. It lay upon the table, smoking hot, a delicato piece of broiled ham with butter gravy. Then the brend-plain biscuit baked a palo brown, Kiid corquettes made of chicken-could any thing be nicer ? One thing sbo wns certain of, honetcr, it wan uot Lutie's doing. " You must have n new cook," said Mary. " Is she a good girl ?" " Ob, yes, very good 1"' answered Lutie, with u twinkle in her eye, as Margaret nnterel just then with a plate of hot biscuits. Aunt Sarah looked up and scanned her from head to foot. " A very genteel-looking girl," thought she, " and the best cook l.utie ever had." After breakfast came the tour of inspection, and Lutie laughed to herself to see bow dis appointed hor aunt looked as they returned to the sitting-room with no subject for a lecture. She would have been still more amused if she had known the resolve in that lady's mind. It was this : " I shall offer that girl higher wages to come and live with me " " I am sorry Dr. Stone is not in town," said Lutie, expecting to see her guests look crest fallen. But Mary answered briskly " Ob, yes, ho is 1 He came in on the same train that wo did." " Well, really 1" said Lutie, inwardly raging. " There I As usunl 1 have made a muddle, when I was so anxious that Doctor Stone should fall in love with Margaret. Now 1 have left the field clear for that abominable Mary, and Margaret in the kitchen ! What shall I do ?" Sbe went out to her friend and tried to per suade her to abandon her plan. She was not successful. "I do not see any ilai.je r in it. Ho ueed not see me. Let Miss Mary have full chance, and you can repoi t what headway she makes." Doctor Stone came and called, came again and spent the evening with bis friends. A week passed, anil the geusts said nothing about leaving. " We ore in for a month's siege,'" groaned Lutie, in secret Soon after this the doctor called one after noon and round Lutie alone. She began to question him about his winter in the city. " I had a friend spending the season there Margaret Mooro. Did you meet her ?" she asked, looking at him with innocent eyes. The young man change:! colour. " Yes, 1 met her very often." " You liked her-you could uot help it," said she, eagerly. " I remember now that you once told me you wished I would fall in love with this friend of yours," said he, with a sad smili*. " And so you did," thought Mrs. Thorne, ex ultantly. "Sheis very charming," he continued, " very lovely ; but she would not be the right kind of wife for me. I am a poor man, a pbysieiau, and when I marry it must be with u girl who has had u practical tducation. Miss Moore has been tenderly reared by wealthy relatives. If you could see her, us 1 did,sparkling with diamonds and arrayed iu costumes whose cost would bo a whole year's income to me, you would not won der that I fought back the love 1 felt for her. Such a mariiage would only bring unhappi uess." . Just here the guests returned, and Lutie ex cused herself aud ran upstairs to Margaret's joom, whero she laughed until she cried, but refused to explain to auyone the cause of her merriincut, Ductor Stone had a very urgent invitation to dine at the Thome's the next diy, and the dinner was a marvel of culinary art. Lutio felt a little nervous when she tapped the bell, and noticed that Margaret hesitated a moment as she opened tbedoor aud saw the trap that had been laid for her ; but it was only for a mo ment. She then ea.no forward and performed her duties. Doctor Stone and Aunt Sarah were having a very interesting discussion, and probably he would not have noticed Margaret if she had uot called bis attention to ber. ? " This is tbe girl whose cooking we have been praising," she said, more determined than over to coax her away. __ . Doctor Stone looked up. with a pleasant smile at the blushing girl, wheu he uttered au excla mation of surprise and half rose from bis chair. Margaret felt that it was time for her to leave, and did so as quickly and quietly as possiblo. - " What is the matter, doctor ? You look as if you bad seen a ghost," said Mary sharply. He murmured something anil looked to bis hostess for help, but tbut niiughty littlo woman seemed as much surprised as the. rest. " Don't you think-did you not notice the re semblance ?" " Between whom P" " Your servant and Miss Moore." " Now that you speak of it, I believe I do. There is something about Peggy's eyes that made me think of my friend." Mr. Thorne looked as if he were going to speak, but a little private telegram from his wife made him chauge his mind. The men started away soon after dinner. Lutie managed to whisper to the doctor that Aunt Sarah and Mary would be out the next evening, and if he would call she thought she could explain that resemblance. He looked more mystified thau ever, but promised he would come. It took considerable strategy to make Mar garet put on her most becoming dress utid go to the door when the bell rang. She thought Lutie meant rauchief, aud when Doctor Stone stepped into the hall and took both of her hands in his, saying, " Can it be possible that it was you I saw yesterday, or have you just arrived ? Pray explain this mystery," she felt sure it was a plot, and was unable tu say a word. Lutie came iu and told tbe story in such a way tbat Doctor Stone saw at once how blind and foolish ho had been. The words he could not utter three, months before to this elegant Miss Moore now trembled on bis lips. Lutie, seeing this, slipped away Aunt Sarah and Mary returned to be intro duced to the future Mrs. Stone, and were dumb frum wrath. The next train carried them home, Lutie secretly hoping they might stuy there. As they believe she was the chicf offender in this plot to circumvcnt their plans it is likely they will.' ' Margaret makea tbe doctor an excellent wife, and has never for a moment regretted the time wheu she acted as " tho i.ew cook." 