COLLAPSE OF A NO-POPERY ORGANIZA TION IN THE UNITED STATES. THE SUCCESSOR OF THE KNOW-NOTHING SOCIETY GIVDS Ul- THE GHOST — BUT NOT THE CASH. The closing of the supreme headquarters of the American Protective Association in Washington, and the sale of the office 'furniture and fixtures by the constable, may be considered the formal winding-up of that unscrupulous and mischievous organization. The sale of the property under the hammer was due to the action of Mtsors. Hartman and Oudy, a publishing house, who foreclosed a mortgage given to secure payment of indebtedness contracted for printing supplies. THE ASSOCIATION WAS IN DEBT TO EVERYBODY, even John W, Echols, the Supreme President, to whom lOOOdol, was owing for salary, The members of the Order give various reasons for its decease, the chief of which is said to have been dissensions, ' which had their origin in the recent Presidential campaign, and which have caused a falling 'off of more than fifty per cent, in membership.' The dissensions, however, are not so recent : they have existed ever sines the society began ; for the very essence of such a conspiracy is internal jealousy and digcord. The ranks were full of spies and traitors, and ?..-.; NO ONE MEMBER HAD CONFIDENCE IN ANOTHER,. Those who appeared to be most sincere and energe tic were really working for themselvps, as Echols, the Supreme President, admits. Says he : ' A lnrge number of the members wanted offices und-r ..; M'Kinley, and when they were disappointed, they held the national officers responsible.' And he .. adds: ' At least one-third of the members of the Order tried to make a living out of it.' A more venomous and heartless sel of reptiles than the members of the A. P. A., except the poor gulls who were deluded into it and made use of by their sharper companions, never existed. Those to whom Echbls alludes DID NOT CARE A STRAW ABOUT THE CATHOLIC CHURCH, Oil ANY OTHER, or about anything except getting what they could for themselves out of the ' combine.' People know now how it was worked ; but not all is known of the injustice done and the suffering entailed. Many an honest and worthy man, with a family depending on Him, lost his employment or failed to pet emploj ment, through the machinations of the A. P. A. Want and suffering were brought into many an humble home. The society may be said to have traded in ex-priests and bogus nuns. It never was so formidablejjas its predecessor, the Know-Nothing organization, nor were there evsr any public men of distinction or ability connected with it. On the contrary, every public man of self-respect held aloof from it, and the leaders were either men of a bad reputation or none at all. May not the same ob servation fairly apply to the fanatics, and worse, who in England are now using the castaway tools of the transatlantic A. P. A. ? 