A SEA TRAGEDY. - A MURDERPOUS COOK. A' despatch fromt Newport News; Va., 5th November, is as follows: SThe U.S.S. Lancaster dropped anchor in Hampton Roads this morning from Bahia, Brazil. In military confinement on the warship are five men of the crew of the schooner Oliver Pecker, whose captain, J. W'. WRhitman, of Rockland, Me., and first mate, Wim. Saunders. of Sandy Cove, N.S., were murdered at sea in August last. In the ship's brig close ly confined is Jos. Anderson, the schoo ner's cook: who is the self-confessed per petrator of the murders, and who after ward set fire to the vessel. The Olive Pecker sailed from Boston 27th June with a cargo of lumber for Bahia, and the story of this tragedy of the sea is told best in the words of the murderer, who to-night gave to the Associated Press the following version of his crime: "I was put aboard the Olive Pecker, a two-masted schooner from Boston to Ba hia, and had to serve the captain as his servant. I had good reason to believe that the captain did not take to me, and I was always in fear of my life whenever he got into his mad fits. He had a dog which was always coming into the cook house and annoying me. On the day of our little difficulty the animal came inside and I threw a boiler of hot water on him. Well, he howled, and the next thing I knew- the captain was coming for me. I went to his cabin and he com menced cursing me, telling me that this sort of thing had to stop. I did not say anything to him, and he ordered me into his cabin to make up his bed: This was in the morning. "I made up his bed. and hlie ordered me out with a volley or oaths. I saw he was in mean humor and determnined to arm myself against him. . I knew the cap tain had some pistols in his cabin and I went back to get one of them. Just as soon as I entered the captain fired a beer bottle at me, and seeing that I dodged it he picked up a pistol' from the table and sent a ball in my direction. I had got my hand on a weapon which was lying on the corner of his-table, and, of course, I opened fire on the rascal. My first bullet took effect in his- forehead, and the second one went into his breast, killing.him almost instantly.. I then went upon deck called to the mate, who was in the fore rigging. "IHe shouted down to me, askinfg what I wanted: :-I told him to come down, thaf the captain wanted him in the cab in. He started down, and when he reached the 'deck'l I went for him. He was an old fellow, with whiskers, and I felt:like smashing him with my fist. He looked at me as if to inquire:mrauthor ity to order him about, arid P levelled the weapon at his old bewhiskered head, saying at the same time : '!Now, die.like the dog you are. With- that I pulled the trigger,. ahdd the mate dropped to the deck, rolling to the port side of the ship. . "I theni went down linto the cabin, thinking I would be able to take the ship nimyself, I saw that the captain was a ghost andl came upon deck again. The mate v-as groaning and'I:elt it my duty to, put him out of his misery. One more shot did the act. I secured the captain's other pistol, and after giving the: mate a -seconid bullet I started to ward the crer, who-,were aft witlh a pistol iri each hand and gave them to understand that I was to be-master of the Olivhe Pecker and that the first man who.undertook to disobey my orders would have to suffer the consequences. They carried out mycommanids without a murmur. "I first ordered them to throw the mite's body oVerboard, and then we went-down into the cabin and brought up the captain's corpse, disposing of it in lilte manner. Next I ordered, the men to get out-the oil and satuirate the whole vessel, fore and aft, in such a manner that she would burn up like . They did that, and then W;e got our belongings and prepared to take to the boats after setting fire to tile old ship. My chum amid I went down in one of the eoats while the other four men took to another. They pulled off in a different direction from:n us an:l we never saw them again umtll we met in prison in Iailia. They must have peached on us, for no sooner had n?. landed: from the ship) we had taken than the officers placed us under arrest and sent us to B~ahia. "The Pecker was one month out from Bostonw and was within two days of Bahia when all th:s happened. She was a two-masted schooner, and started out with a crew of eight." Thils statelment w\as sent ashore by, an officer of marine. The officer stated that when tile men were thrown into prison at e'hlia. the tUnited States Consul at that port comrn unicated with the Navy demartment at Wrashington concerning the arrest of tle murdever and his ac complices. aid received instructions to phace them al oard tile cruiser Lancaster, wxhich at the tine was several hundred miles south of fBahia. anlid which would he ordered .s that pont as soon as pos sille. The seamen remained in tile old prison at Bahia for four ?:eeks befor thie arrivaeCof the Lancaster. When the men were- sent aboard the cruiser they. were found to be s3 filthy and poorly clad that it was necessaryT to give them baths and iner, wearinlg apparel. The cook was ord?ered in Irons and tile remainder of the unfortunate crew were placed in military confinement. The five sailors are uIder the impression that theyv are being held as witnesses against the cook and wUl be expected ,to testify that he murdered the captain and mate. It is more than probable, however, thaI they wii not only be used as witnesses against the murderer, but will be held and convicted on the charg~e of firitg a ship on the high seas. The othe ltive men of the Olive Pecker's crew are William Horqburg, Andrew F. IMarch, lManuel larriat, John Letot, ctd M. IBarstad, 