COXGREGATIONAL UNIOX. AN.Vl'AL MEETINGS. T:K- :ii!ini.il nuvtinss of the Confufa :'.-!i iJ I'nlon «jid Home Mission of .N.-m]i .Xiis-v.ili.i woiv inauguratcJ at, Slow ilo iii--ii:il -'liun)i .in Monday. The chairman :'..i- tlio ?L-!i^i:iiS year, t!ie Kev. .l,,!m l.l.iv.i. hold ;i lai-poly attended ivcoiitioi\ ? in i !u- Stow Iii'tuiv- iiall. where toa was! lirovnii»(i !or tiie miuisiers and delegates. J The 11 .-v. \V. 1'eiirj- Joneis presided aL ilie evening mueting held in tie church, and after iiie usual devotional exercises iuiixjduced ihe chairman for the year lo lluuv present. The Rev. Jolm Lloyd took for the sub jetl of his address 'The message of the I-ul]iit,' which v.ms as follow*:— It is otten sajtl ihat this age is the age oi -|n.tiaii-is. Tiie meu who iuve attempu-J .iii-l .-iL-hieveil most in lllir O\v« day are tnoso wiui have ai4.!n-ii tiioinselv«i delei i:i!:irtily loom si'lijei-t or to one sij.-.-;il iiivi. 1-ile is too slurt. and the olijecis of rt-i*an.-li ars too muniioki and coniplex, ti» allow tlie wise man to devoie his thoughts and vnergU-s «jK)n more ihan one sjiocial suulct't. Jo du o'iiierivise is stir*»H- tli^ im Jo cscv.jio d;si-overy and disunctioii. It will iv l.mnd that, as a l-ule, those who liavc i-lo?-.^-«J mankind most are they who have «)Ujr;u one tliiup at a 'lime, and uUiuuaely ieai-hrd it. The sovereigu hands and htaiu oi ihe world have »«ea jio.-.se.--.i?d hy on- qm-.st. and absorl-ed by one piss'.on. H is i-sjieiiai'iy so with the true intssia g-;r oi iho puli'it, for he feels that his true ini«:iu:i is lo jirot-laiiii the love of -jod in ?io.-iis Christ. The i-r-.-aiiier who does ao: kci-ji inat iwnii&entiy; in the very forefront knou.s not wheieunto he is called. Ol n-ur=x' there are other subjects — many «-f them oi great importance, and they toj must be treated. Yes; tliei-e tire many kind? »; theiiu's. which Juust i-e dealt unh l)i- t!w jireacher— only in their own plact-i, ami at tne richt. tin;es. Bat Jesus Chn« must he m the very forefnjut, and liave ine-onunor.cc. What, would the world lie like with .Jes=us left out ? All Ui» mestngers kuou- what He has been to them iMiiiviuually. He is their all. And vre know what. He has given to the -world. He lias given it life, progress, beauty, art all. Hear -what Raskin said:— '.Ml' that I have taught ot art, everything that 1 have written, every greatness that, there has been in any thoughts of mine, whatever 1 have done in nsy life, lias fcimivly been due to the fact that the Bible lias been -the rule of ray life.' So writes Kuakin, one of the freatest English thinkers of the day. Leave psus out; assume He had never been, and what of tnc world? A dead void, a stag nating and decaying world. And Jesus Christ will remain for ever supreme He is the revealer of the Divine Jove; He is the spotless reconciliation that God llim eni gave: He ia the mighty one who car ries us through the surf and amid the dread tempest, into the haven ; He is the gracious one who puts us into possession of the promised laud of hoiv Sifc. The method adopted as the pre-eminent means for setting forth the saving power of .lesus is preaching. The living man whose voice and altitude are sincere is nii-re likely to make impression upon the mind than any other agency. The connec tion between mind and body is so dose thai the peat thoughts and burning emo tions v.hk-li stir the spirit of tlie speaker will carry its influence on others. The paver of living, personal contact is acknow ledged in every department of human life. The living teacher is better than the boot: the living representative is better than a circular; the living witness in the court of law is better than tlic affidavit; the living advocate is more likely to move the multi tude than many iwnphlets. So Jesus Thrist has ordained tha't Ihe living man is to bear the message of life to his fellow creatures. Preaching is the method which God has approved of throughout the ages, and it is likely to remain as the principal means of carrying on the work of Chris tianity among men. The theme of the preacher is toT-c Christ crucified. It is the story of the living, personal Christ of the -»ospei — the Redeemer of men — not a theory, not a speculation, but Christ, and the one «Tnpha5i»ed fact vr supreme event of His life, the crucifixion— Christ crucified. The result of the -iospel preaching is not always uniform. In nature the sun melts some things and hardens others. Some men to-day are offended at the preaching of the Cross: so it was in the days of Paul. 'To the Jew it. *is a stumbling- block.' Some men to-day despise the message of the pulpit; so it was in the days of tbe Apostles. 'To the Greet it was foolish ness.' Hut that did not silence the mes sengers, for they knew that to the saved it was 'the fiower of God unto salvation;' and -hu» it is to-day. This power has over ruled every earthly power attempting to stop the progress of the Gospel. This potver has confounded every earthly power that, dared lo stand in the way of flic truth. Aud no man is truly strong without this power from above; no man is truly wise without the heavenly wisdom. Tlie greatest miracles are the miracles of grace. The greatest wisdom ig thai which makes wise unto salvation. The message of the pulpit is to make this great fact known t« tlie world. This is the office of the messenger «1 Christ. Then? is authority as well as duty belong ing !?- every oflitv. and so to the messcn Christ receives his message from Him. It is not the result of man'* discovery; it is not the iruit of man's imagination. Xo. No. it is a revelation. It is a command irivc-n by Christ Himself, and die command wl.ii -I: ihe King of :!ie Cliunh c-ive to His d :?*?;;-!«??? remains in .-iut'hi-rity and adapta ti-:i. end will lemaiu until 'tflie great ob ji- i tic accomplished. It i.s a wessage from Chris- itlioui Clirivt. He is its author, He is i:- slory. \oii cannot seoamte the mes s-ia- 'i the ;-uliiit lrom Christ. Ilie lav nis tiivcn by Mosos, but the value of the !;i\v is iii l!;e law itself, not in S(os«. But t*ie union which exists »M*tween Christ sinf the moswige of the pulpit is insepar able. Christ in the glory of His person as i!n- f.'rtljiHii Christ, in the perfection of l!i- -:i.u;nler; CJirwt in the tpirituali'.y of His tcar- iiing; Christ is the infinite power ol His .-j-ri1i.»; -'-ris: in tht rit'hos ol Hie g ?-.««-. Ml t!i«; iiuth of Clirisiimifty cen i!il- truth iiiwu; inaii; tbe tiiith about tlie future- -ia;o jiv nil f.mml in His tcaf-hing. Ho is I-!-.- Listht of ihe World, and in Hw lii;i-t rf:-.ill v.o m-c iiftiir. All Iiie M«ssing» i»: 1 !irj-5'.i:ii;v arc «v-(»£n.'-f in Him, and :irc »o Ire niarb- known by His uietuengcrs. And His l.rvo fonstrair.ot'n all vbom he ~irn-l.- to j.-ivOini Him as the otilv !?j,\'iour .-.r in,-:-. L- I us think for .t momrnt at the mes siL'c «f jlin jni!;-it in the importance of its .iiin. 1 !!!?= ines.socc dors not ignore the :o;nj«r.il m'o-'.s oi man. Hut ilie misery t-f in. in is i!w;w Than his c:rouTn«tancea, :l:-- s--.i'j -«f !ii-- aroat troulile in in hi« iiiMit. -iml irt'orm;Uioii and «hange of iieart ?-vill i.;uh iii temporal advantage. Tlie iiior--::i:e of the piiipit is *jod*r* grac*iou« .?ni-iwer In (lie i.rj' of man's nee'lful heart. 'i'liis m:--sair(» goi-- ilo-wu lo the ro»t of .i'i riiiMi'?. nt-itis and wants. What is more imjxmjnt lor Hum than t'ne spiiitual sal vation adapted to the dignity and immor tality of liis nature? Who can explain the ?i-c-.i:ni-i-s -rt the 1m5.ort.auoe of the message ? si iho iiuipitY \Viio «-an sft fort*i the sio rilice -5od made in His love to t^eeure men an everlasting salvaliony Wiio «-an tell i^c c'ory *Jod v.iH rocciv.- wiion this mes Mei' 1- sui-.otsfirt ir\ sc-t-uritig etornal linppi i:i-s; for i!n- unnumbered thivms wrtliout sjHit ?-:? wiinkVo around Jlis throne? Kverj HM- sseii;s-r '«)d Himself -nlls and sends in Mis- name fo«_-is the importance and fcreat noss -ii tlie work. The chief object of the -'lni.sii.111 minister is to. hold Oirist and 11 ;s cro-*i always ltcforc tlie people. Paul iif-pt -strictly to tiis Text when addressing t!:c (i.«Lnian - liurch— )ieoj-le who were by li.uuiv -►: « jiroud and haughty spirit, be iit-j pi»ud 01 their ancestors and of their s'ori-Mi-i deeds. But I\iul said ihat 4»e had ? inly o:;e person to 5k« proud of, and that W a- .lesn* Chrisit ond H:s cros»-. Paul, too, could glory in hi» ancestors and in their iuoorii|»iral-le deod*. but he, however, pre Jrrn-.f ;o pride himself «n Christ. Paul. !.io. citiild gloi-y in liw education. He had l.-.ii'-.od much «t the feel of Gamaliel. He ? '?i.M lc.il ll:t- people ;o the philosophers Jini poo:* ot tho )Mst. aslic did «t Atlions. I :i; im: in Christ h« prided himseli'. He. l-i'. i-ouM l-o prond ???! liis ii-jwors as n '?-.i-iiu-r, .--' «;tno--» his ricaliugs with rho Si.-;, .. T.. Paul loo world and all its ' ? ? j i v v;.t- nothing in lie coini-.ircil with ' t'-i- / ros- of l!iri-t. Snmi- i-;iv 1'aul wa.- i ??-. ,111 eloquent -|ie.il;or, but it is rather j 1\. - i- ii.-!-o\oi) niViorwise. i-.«'-.iuse be could ' -;.o.il: s-ni.-sli-. u-.1:-;i t!:e Jhmti. and that is ii..- s.in ?-! clijijuencc v.ani-?«l in the pulpit. !.:-;. -.i -..? '»im ,is ho appr.t's -Lo 'iiis judge ? 11 ;.r.!.-:!(-al truths such -is ripIii*'oiiKni --ss. ' :i-iii:i-.m sn.-o. and judgment 10 romp. The ] snivi'nr, liiouirfi a jirL»onc-i , «.xirs aJofr bl;i- an .in-.-! ..1 liod. while !i;s judge on ; t.'ic- 1-omii :r-?mii!os :ls a puilty -UTetch. On i ?_iiw. her -?? ;'.i-i(Hi. whon lie appeals to tbe ! i'i;:ii--i nature -it tiic kir.jr bofi.re wiiom he ( ^?.a!ll!s .,;ou-i-d by iho lo.idor.i of liis na- ; i.--.-. liis tv.i;r.™c Ihtiis lilit- lire, and his ! ju.I;:- .iihiii:- 1,1-iimo all flint nlmi.-t be lias «-.iii ir.iu t-i ol- a .-OGvorx 10 i ':r:iihuily. ! lUr. 'ii:in.»-: ' nevvr ?Mtisfie1l i'aiii. and, '? raising lii^ h.i.iH wii'u the c-iiaiu dangh'ng : I-Won- all. :«? .-aid. ??A!tojB-r!n.-r ^u-.-h as I i am. ixiiept t.iIt- --h:iin.' Tint cbain shines iiiil.iv ivnh =ucii brightness oa :he paces ?-t tho lionU tii.ii .i!i the jcwols oi Tim jiiilges jwlo iud d-.wm'U- tn nouiinsaiess in i a* presence. And P:iul «.-ou!d pride him-, sell a: a w liter. Sec him as he dictated; some of the sublimes! betters extant, the ihni! ---i wliiiso 5inos- ?ins j-.i?v-=ed down tiie centuries undimini«he-l. W'iiercxer \\-iu mcoi w-ish Paul, whether t.-iatndins Ixrfore an -luiliituc, -ir e-iU:ng dictating Jr-at- ns to » hi-istiaii ciiun-lies or individual Chri.tian ninuN, his mh,| ]- so al»k'ri«rd by t';ie t.osiwl. .m,l -jks bo.ir: .s.i burning with b'vo of t hrist. liiat ho w.mld know mulling but ?'-I. -us 1'in-is.i and Hiiii « rui- iried.' Paul and ,l-o .-]hri;k-- a.'id --nr ?ionoix'd fathv'ts ..Ui.!- jiM.-., t-i n-il an-i s.iii.'iii'ulm---'. :iave ontorod imo r,-»l ailil plorj-. bu! the tln-ino tlitv 1-loi.lieJ icP-iain-, am! l'.io Cliris-. .if ;.-o (iiifiic! will i-c \\\\!;ii llis ptf.v;i;i- iu :iie cj.J .,:' ilu- w,.ild. W-i.H a j.ioi;o;is suiiico: 'iiave the me.s seuzeis ...: *\h-i.*. to «!u-o!l U|»j:i and to briuq l-ofoic the peop'o. 'l't!r I dc-iivor«xl until you that Cnii*; died fur our ^-iiis-' The rliu-f objo--: ol Christ in «oniing to fhe world v;.s to -lio. ;uid to ij-o- 011 tlio wo.-s. We i-ome l-- luv, bu; -'!tr:st c.n:ie lo die. We die simply Wvauso we are bound to die. out Christ dii»tl of His own free will. When we jro froia home, we soek a plai-e 10 .-iroiigthon, r«;rresh, and revive ourselves. When Christ ',ei': His tfternal lh»itie Ho tamo seeking a puiw lo -ln'. Wh?n we 'j;.- «v will do a thing, wo ?liiaiifv it i-v n.r. iii^:. 'If v.v live.' Win Chri-t eaid,''\\\'lien 1 die 1 wiil draw all men unto ilyn-li.' He did mucii when living; voa, more than all men together, but when He died He «iid the greatesi deed oi ill — He gave Hi:u*eli a ransom jor -inin?:-s. Xol only did He tlie of His on tree w:il, but He would not aliow anything to come between llnisi-h and death, l'etor tj^td this, and what did the llaster sjyr '-;-?! iho- bciiim! Jle. .Satau.' A^ain Poler tried J-. keep itisu from dedth, and this time drew hi* sivuni, Init »fesus said, 'Mhealh it, for 1 came 10 i'his hour.'* This is the theme of the pulpit, this is the subject, -we huvc to incaoh, aud 'the mes sage wo ave sent to ueliver lo our foiion' men. It was by preaching tliU gospel of Jove that the eariy pieacliers conlounded the (.iroek and Koniau plijlosophors, c-hav.ged th* whuli- tJ-te of society, and turned tiie v/oild 'apr-ide do«-n.'' Yes: ;he message of the Ins; wax -mitt? suflicieut. They Had no sword or gold, no prestige or pa'iroiiiige, yeX they tiid llioir work, and \yc-nt ihroiigh sovicty like ilaming piough tliaies — burning with zeal for the glor-- of their Master, aglou- with love fjr their fellow men. And this message is (-- survive every thing else. The divine influence of tlie death uf Jesus is uucUaiigeable as God Himself. Though the vessel in ?which Paul sailed was lost, the Apostle survived the shipwreck; and so -witU the death of Jesus; its influence will Mirvivc oven the commit judgment, the burning of the world, and the destruction of all things. The Cross of Christ shall he forever before the saved. The song of the redeemed shall be tlie glory of the i-amb upon the throne. His praises will never tire. What are the quali fications or dements essential in the mes sengers of Chi-isl? 1\. A deep conviction of the divine truth and ini|-ortance of the message. There is no sound of doubt in the teaching of tbe Apostles. I*-ok at l'otor as he stands be fore the great council. Listen to him, 'W« must obey 4Jod rather than men. The God of our fathers raised up Jesus whom ye slew, aud we arc His witnesses of these things, and so aHo is the Holy Ghost njhoni God has given to than that obey him.' The pulpit isnot the place to publish doubts. The motive of the messenger of Christ is to make doubters believers. A strong faith in the divinity and importance of the message m essential to Ihe pros perity of the wort. The life and labor of the messenger of Cftrist will always help to influence others. He can say as truly as David, aud as truly as Paul repeated, 'We believe, and therefore we epeat.' 2\. Another needful element is loyalty to Christ. W-c should always keep before us the high motive which inspired the Apostles — 'The truth as it is in Jesus and revealed to us in His »-or*J aud Jjy His Holy Spirit.' Here i« ihe secret of the suc cess of the Apostles, and of all ministers of Christ. The glory of Christ as a Saviour will be quit* a sufficient subject to occupv the mind and thoughts of the greatest thinker. His love is above all knowledge; His glory above all imagina tion. No one con ever fathom it; uo one can ever comprehend it. This is our theme iio-ir to preacb, and our ioyahy to the Blessed Master will always be an inspira tion, tilling our hearts with joy unspeak able as we dwell upon it. James Russell l*uvell said — ' The only conclusive evi dence of a man's sincerity in that he gives himself for a principle. Works, money, and ali rise nre coraparativdv easy to give away, but when a man makes a gift of his daily life and practice it is plain that the truth, whatever it may be, ha* token possession of him.' And so it is wnen the trut/h of the Gospel had captivated fane heart, and tlie soul has Jieen flooded with the love 0/ Jesus. Tlie life, with all that it holds in store, is readv to be placed oil the altar of service for His sake. 3\. The third element essential for success ful work is self -consecration to the work of the ministry. This is, of all things, one of the most important. Oliver Cromwell said — 'Man never rises bo high as when he knows not tvliithor he is going.' How ever small our abilities my be w must be utteiiv absorbed in our subicct. Tne minister must lie almost lost in his work — oblivious at times of everything t-lse. Men iriio Slave been successful in their work have, as one raid, been carried into port on a -uiiiinuorts flood of seal and love. Wilbcrfoix-e said lie lwd no soul apart from the emancipation of the slaves —so great was liis zeal for the freedom of the captive tiiai he was willing to sacrifice all tilings 111 111s possesiuon in oracr 10 readi the great end lie had in view. A preacher must be identified with nis ser moR— 4ms own t-pirit must be saturated with tlie truths it contains before he -?»& reasonably expect that his utterances will affect tlie Tiearts of others. Conviction of sin is produced by a combination of forces — remorse of conscience, minwv for wrongdoing, a strong desire to lead a new life, but chief among these forces are the spirit and character of the preacher under tie influence of the «pirit of God. Tins is one of the great Sft-Tets of the success of many preachers. Soi-xalea us«l to Hay that nil men are softk-iently eloquent in that which they understand or in that which t-hey fee! deep interest. The grand tiling is to have a deep sympathy with the truth, 10 bo in .--t;irkual contact with ii. and this is bound to produce energy, light, and heat. It is the union between the ~-ul of the prpacber ami the glorious truths he proclaims wiiidi strikes the un giwlly «h-i terror. When Handel was questioned as to tois feelings when com nosing the Hallelujah Chorus lie replied— 'I did think I did see all heaven before mo and the (Jreat »5od himself.' 4\. The fourth essential clement in order to !-e successful is the consciousness of Chriri'f! piosence in fhe soul. Our true relation t.-- Christ is our faith in Him daily maintained. Tlio unique position of .frec« is Wt by ail to consist of His per sonal -:!aim« upon mon. His idea is tlie binding of men together in Himself in a true society. The spiritual apprcnonsion of Jesus will enable the preacher to pre sent uutliH in living forms of thought, for he t-heroby «.-onie*. into contact with tlio -iuickouing spirit, antl from tltat -ontact fliougiits will emerge with .1 freshness and 3 giow upon them. Prcaohing, to reach its high aim, must be from Uic spirit. Christ is revealed in that preaching which pro ceeds form tin- inner consciousness of His presence. The «.1iri*». of the inner revelation of the heart is the exponent of the Christ of the outward revelation or hooks. The preacher himself has to In formed by the indwelling Christ. The rail to he a pivaeli?r is a call tolma saint, and as preaching is the highwt office, ft Kaintliness of life is the highest form of c-haracter. If to call men to Christ is a high function, w-. too, must it be to re \\-e-al Christ in character. Carlyle, when alluding t« Kdward Irving's last rail, as he was evidently fast sinking in health, spoke of an inward calm which evidenced itself in his manner. ''Nothing,' said he. 'enters more deeply into the soul llian Hie impression of the calm of tlie saint.' Gib bon said of William I-aw, a preacher' «f high reputation— a man who believed all lie taught and practised all be enjoined — 'Holiness so eminent cannot but ineffably impress the beholder.' A saint is uo less than .losus Christ Himself appearing again on oi-th in one of His little ones. Self eonsoioiisn.-ss is weakness: tbe Chrislcon wioiimess is our strength. The task of life is to learn ?iubim-Fioii in tno leading of l!ir Spirit. For 'whore tho ^nirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.' It is the s;ime spirit which reft- so sweetly ujmn ihe face of nature that Jesus Christ iire.it lies «pon His servants. 'Thy people hiiall !-? willing in the day nf Thy power.'' 1-Vii-nds. we are tug-ificd in a gnuid and glorious: work. Is it not a fraud work to be .=cnt to 'prcai-h the flospcl unto evcrj r-reaturp?' ''(lo.' Kiid ot:r Master, as He wnt His lirst disciple!), 'Go 00 and on. ? Jo a« far as the curse has wrought its ravages. -*o as far ns= the foot of man lias trod.' And in lore to Him thev obeyed: they went. And ere toe last of them had '1.111011 asleep' every part of 1 he Horn. m Kinniro. every one of the Gre ? :an Stales, every island in the Aegean Sm had heard the f-Lory of die Cross, aud thousands had felt its divine )-ower. Friends, thorc i- no work in tiie world to bo compared with the work of the messen ger of Christ. Think of it in its great ness: think if it in its permanence; think of it in its glory; think of it in its re ward Then, let us toil on, and may God I fit us more and more for our wmrt Hay ' 's ! He give us invater patience; may He £he . ' I us greater «-n-f»rtT maj- lie give as -;'; greater .fuoooss in our work. And mar it -- l-!t-a-e Him in His grace to call unto Hi* ' rfrvice many »f the wisest, many of the .ibl.---.. ;(]i.I iii.iny of the diniceat of Hat youthful people. '^ The )lr\\. F. \\\\\ r,ai propoaed, and G* I Ri:v. Josojih rtobortson eeconded, » lu-ar'.y v»\c of timnks 10 the chairman to i bis oxcrllcnt address, and the Her. Ate ; l.tnyd having ivs]wndcd the meetos. J jt-l-:scd. ^J 