Sermon. Storm-clouds Brightened. Br the Bev: De. TuatioE. Ana howmcnawnottoelbright lfehtwHch \- b in the clouds.—JcY> xxxvii. - T. ig the old bear of melancholy, and with 3SS3s?*gNSB bei'' "inth^fast place you ought to make the &*«k*FS3« most uSuutSir u-aj^ For the aues ?™ >1 U„w many thousands o£ dollar!, sua" t""\ ""w m^ i > you substituted the 1 FB^ f'How sS X W ^ butcher, and Sto aiddolh^r-' ?'/uhad the senra °f„„ 'f row;u,. hard with two oars, and yet poms? *<""* Jsnot ^eak wife knew. 1>- ^elf-denial in art and Spr O^preseion ™hm»t Who i^rirSol'kisi^Areyo ^jr«=sy%-5 •nlirit" and religions consecration. Wot one £uu otTof a hundred. There am &nou;> exceptions, bat; theS*" eQg for this SSThe gete noorly off for the next. He plenty of bank stocks ana plenty of GoTcrn Sent securities, what does that man know of the prarcr. '■ Give me this day my d"!y Lea? How few men largely sueeesiful m this world are bringing souls to Christ, or S self-denial for othm. or are em.ne^ for piety? Ton ean'count them all upon ' -votir eisht fingers 3od two thumbs. 7 o I remark, you ought to make th»" verv best of your bereavement', ine whole tendency is to brood oyer these separa tions, and to give much time to the handling . of m^entoesSof the departed lone visitations to tho cemetery, and to say, ° Oh X can never look up again; my hope is ■ gone; my courage is gone; «^"\,S,05£' gone; my faith in God is S®?*--. ■ the wear and tear and exhaustion of this loneliness V* The most frequent bereave Sis the loss of children. If your departed Shad lived as long as von mve.vcddo you not bOppote that he wotfid have hau abontthe same amount of trouble airi tad that vou have had? If yon could make a n^oyan^lo", vcSio^^P^r^ w?uB jmutke tto re^nSSy ™f choosing \- iJads the cup of many bereavements. In Btead of the complete safety into which that child has been lifted, would vou like SbSd it down to the risks of this mortal state? Would you like to keep it out on a sea in which tn. have been more shipwrecks than safe Is it not a comfort to you to know that that child, instead of being bcsoiled and duug nto \- * +iiA wni-'u nf eln. is swunff clear into the skies. Arenot'ihose children to be congratulated : that the point of celestial bliss which. you " omcct to reach bv a pilgrimage of oO, or CO, or% years, they reached at a flash. Hthe last 10,000 children who had cn-crcd heaven baa gone through the average ofhuman life on earth, are you sure, all those 10,00'-' children would have finally reached the blissful terminus? Besides that, "J vou are to look at this matter as a self-denial in vour part for their benont. If jour children want to go off in a _if your children want to go on a .fljT£*X and musical ercursion-you consent. Ion might prefer to have them with you hut their jubilant absence satisfies you. WcU, vour departed children have only gone oat in J May-day party, amid flowery and musical entertainment, amid joys and hilarities fo. ever. That ought to quell some of your grief, the thought of their glee, bo it on^ht to be that you could mums tho best of ad bereavements. The fact that vou hate so many friends in heaven will make your oun departure very cheerful. . ...... I • 3. So also, my friend, I would have yon| make the best of your sicknesses. Wncn you ■ tec one move off with clastic step and m full physical' vigour, sometimes you become impatient with your lame font. When a man descries an object a mile off, ana you cannot see it at all, vou become impatient of. vour dim eye. AVhen you hear of a robust "man making a great achievement yon become impatient with your depressed ne vous system or yonr enieebled gait. 1 win tell you bow vou can make tho worst of it-1 Brood over it"; brood over oil these illnesses,I and vour nerves will became more twitcny, and your dyspepsia more tout weakness more appatlicfe. But that * the devil's woik, to teU you bow to m;ike tbe ■ worst of it; but God tells you there isi light in the cloud?, and eren down here , lor_ auj who heliev. in Jesus are not only justified • from all things," hut have " *» joy in the Holy Ghost." Which of «i J Bible men most attract ..yonr attention. Ton say, Hoses, Job, Hand, Jeremiah, Paul. Why, what a strange thing at- is that you hare chosen those who^' were " physically disordered ! Moses—I know he was nervous, from the dip he gave the Egyptian*. Job— his blood was vitiated and diseased, and his skin 'distressfully eruptive. David—ho had a running sor<v which- ho speaks of when he says : *' My sorb ran in the night and ceased not.*! Jeremiah had enlargement of the spleen. Who can doubt it who reads Lamentations ? Paul — he had a lifetime sickness, which the commentators have been guessing about for . years, not knowing exactly what the apostle meant by "a thorn in-the flesh." X do not^ know either; but it was something' sharp,' something i that stuck him. I gather from all this that physical disorder may be the means of grace to"the soul. You say you have so many temptations from bodily ailmeuts, and if you were only well, you think, you could be a good Christian. While your temptations may be different, they are no more than those of the man who has an appetite three times a day, and sleeps eight hours every night. . 4\. Again, "you ought to make the best of life's finality. Now, you think I have a very tough subject. You do not see how l am to strike a spark of light out of the flint of the tombstone. There arc many people who have an idea that death is the submergence of everything pleasant bf everything doleful. If my subject could close in the upsetting of all such preconceived notions, it would close well. TiTio can judge best of the features of a man—those who are close by him or those who are afar off ? "Oh," you say," "those can judge best of the features of a man who are close by him !" Now, my friends, who shall jndge of the features of death—whether they are lovely or whether they are repulsive? You? You aro too "far off. If I want to get a judgment as to what really the features, of "death!" are, I willnot ask you. I will ask those * who have been within a month of death, or a week of death, or an hour of death, or a minute of. death. They stand so near the features, they can tell. They give unanimous testimony, if they are Christian people, that death, instead of being demoniac, is cherubic. Of all the millions of Christians who have been carried to the cemetery, gather up their dying experiences, and you will find they nearly all died in joy. How often you baye seen a dying man join in the psalm"being sung around his bedside, the middle of the verse opening to let his ransomed spirit free!—long after the lipa could not speak, looking upward. Some of you talk as though God had ex hausted Himself in building this world, and that all the rich curtains He ever made He hung around this, planet, and all the flowers He ever grew He had woven into the carpet! of our daisied meadows. No. This world is not the best thing God can do; this world is not the best thing that God has done. Oh, - what an ado about dying! We get so attached to the malarial marshon which we live that we are afraid to go up "and"live on the hilltop! We arc alarmed because vacation is coming. Eternal sunshine, and best pro gramme of celestial minstrels, and hallelujah, no inducement! Let us stay here and keep cold, and ignorant, and weak. Do not intro duce us to Elijah, and John Milton, and Bourdaloue. Keep our feet on tho sharp cobble stones of earth instead of planting them on the bank of amaranth in heaven. Give us this small island of a leprous world instead of the immensities of splendour. and delight. Keep our hands full of nettles, and onr shoulder under the burden, and our neck in the yoke, and handcuffs on -our wrists. "Dear Lord," we seem to say, "keep us down here where we have to suffer, instead of letting us up where we might live, and reign, and rejoice." " But," says someone,• "it pains me so much to think that I must lose the body with which mysonlhasso long companioned." You do not lose it. You no more lose your body by death than you lose your watch when yon take it to hare it repaired, or your jewel when you take it to have it reset, or the faded picture when *ou take it to have it touched up, or the photograph of a friend when you have it put in a new locket. You do not lose yonr body. Paul will go to Rome to get his, Payson will go to Portland to get his, President Edwards will go to Princeton to get his, George Cookraau wiS go to the bottom of the Atlantic to get his, and wc will go to the village churchyards aud the city ceme teries to get ours; and when we have our perfect spirit rejoined to our perfect body, then we will be the kind of men aud women that the resurrection morning will make possible. Oh! friends, if you desire peace here and paradise hereafter, look to that bright Light in the clouds—Jesus Christ, in whose blood those who believe iu Hi:n are washed from every stain of guilt. 