WITTKNOOM'S FARBWKLL. Not au reroir, this is "good-bye," I'm off across the sea, My native land, Farewell I Adieu, dear W.A., to thee; No more I'll climb the hills of Perth, no more I'll siw the Swa", And ere these lines arc put in type I will indeed be gone, The evil that men do in life lives after tbern 't's said, I leave YOU with my impcrfeclionB heaped upon my head ; Inccinpetent pronounced, I go to fill a higher post, And so perforce have given up the Legislative ghost. Vet oft' methinks my thoughts will turn to when in happier days, My name was great, and men found voice, to sound aloud my pruise ; But you may bet the market price, my thoughts alone will turn, To where tho practicc was, of late, my effigy to burn; The case which holds my thinking power will ne'er return where atalks The man who of a Minister would make a Guido * Fawkcs. • * * The blue wave rolls beneath our keel, the shore reccds from view ; My heart throbs—perhaps it's not my heart —adieu, Wuhoo 1 Ya-hoo I I Tut£ 1'EMrEBJiTDBK — The following registrations were recorded yesterday at the telegraph office:—Urybnlb, 72'6deg; wet buib, 69 0 ; maximum, 73'8. Mb A. E. Morgans.—The popular member for the district, Mr A. E. Morgans, nccorapinied by Mr K. A. Ansiey (a prospector who passed over .hese ticMi oefore Bayiey), returned to Coolgardie yesterday, having completed a tour through the Northern districts. ISocLDfiu Baoe Pbivileobs.—The privileges for next Monday's Boulder race meeting were sold yesterday and realised £210. The inside gates brought £63, inside booth £53, outside booth £10, cards £10. The club bought iu the refreshment booths at £5 e.icli. A Djuiuatic Pebfobmance.—A special performance will be given on Saturday night at the Tivoli Theatre, under the direction oE Mr Tom Cannam. The entertainment is of the dramatic order, which will come ns a relief after so much " variety." The caarming, comndy, " Uncle's Will," is the first item. Then a vocal and instrumental concert, includine a costume Shakespearean scene (balcony scene, Romeo and Juliet). The whole terminating with a laughable absurdity entitled, " ttival Trage dianB." Full cast of characters will be ad vertiscd in our next issue. 