SO1, THE hi 11rtSTEigr OF BLACK w HTorrLow COanGE. w ,'CIIADT? X rIn. -Coy, remn. re fIT tind to the lounge and looked at the hi fanoeo[ the child. o f Clottiwd crrjt a step nearer and looked fi down eposathe pretty tace; It was cold and to still; .bet h aint color presently come tothe 01 riteeks. and she could nee tbe eyelids quiver. to Tne molher's heort stirred with an infinite pity and tnsdernntre. S ' O.y Andrew,' she ried, claspingherhus- s ban arm." be is alive. I will do all yonu avk, only sp-ri the boy, and let him go back go to mysteler." 1t " That be soay appenar by-and-bye, like the g hero of a arel, and wast my title and my i wealth f.mm en"heranswered, with ahoarte I utnh - - No. rm not such a fool as that. 'lII mantievr.thing secure as I go." w Sr ,t. Aedtlw. no one knows. Oh, for di It, s asaa t I do not stain your seal with m tn.li r." implorlti poor Clettlde, ia agony, ts Iii- face whitened and his lips twitched. c It? yeas nt wholly cruel; but he steeled ft biin .-,.?.:e-t the pleadings of his better otli"i.so"fld t.tlnl uponl. irir wih th the facaf a dient - if • r?,lonce I Woman,remember your oath I" he thold. r.-d. "The dead tell no tales. He ilti, .ie ' " bhe eterd away from him,:aun he took I no lihe b-dy .f tole child, rolled it in a bln- y bet, and left the room, with thebundleinhis a arms d SC;fti!d- le l white an brathleaIss for an h ;instead",ten rb bnl.tsotiita herisnil..wound. the dark rany tileht. - She rrnheld th: rItanks of the Lolre even init:ec he did. st swift she flew. and crunch onrir?t"a:ntheli.e-dro1 ini tedchsr, waited 0 lie eonie on. his step crunching upon the t send-. I appro,.chhel ti-ehore, halfa-ldaen saels from t ee hieriipla.e, lowerntl his bhoer den. an'I lonht,, .-ot*i.n;ly around. The " crnt-sea rn.!? o-,'?-rlerontt nd arkl, but frtiol b;,.- ,tae.,t lrt ho nl.,::.kd beat of oars. 'itere was to, tme to. r oe. . I ,-. tn- treno n..-ete an hurtedt ntar u ,a.1 t* (1?e a:$l t? . r,.lnll. a ASt the Iesly ntr*rk fite water, the gtilty mat lurned and ied like one escaping witn a.. life. Cihii-Ie arose like a spectre, straining her · v.? ,Ibo the ihc-.k ril,:-liog title. ""-I m at r .re hla ' o..e Uotmi red. " Holy a il..t her, o than ito, Io lloe l " Tirenbepl.nged I : shewab a fisherman's dnnghtcr, and in Iletrirlhon.l contl swim line a tist. S:he had not foriotten the art now. i Sr e;rack out for tue pneon where the body i welt doom!ln her eyre watching every ripple w-ith o?nisingrnerneess Presenitly she uttered a tremulons cry, for e snmoebingaruse to the surface just beyond a Der. . -Ilr iatithor, help mel" she breathed v splr, si dsoh tis otdl towards it. A I?ma ecre soc-,kho dad she grasped the is rhthn ,djcct, and. Ianotut, she made nor way to the haore and was soon safe upon the ate inog prayers with every breath. she 1 tore n?ay the bltnket and lfted the child's htnal to her hteu. . Stie ro.:ntl nIe lires I" mse exclaimed. "Th!e water hlT restored him to cunyciuus Se rin-d tears and kisses on the little 1 walttofnre. 3.tlsiariinzl Oh, thank Heaven, I hare I n- r ,t m-y bouanod'a s?,l from,the sin' of T'ei dip of oars wao now heard. She wra;llel tile chili in ate dripping ilaoker. hos)t olt, i?ue t tI.t lier ioantiug oom, and' thn a ittii lm suotly down upun the moistj I t- itlp:. telp I shte criwl. ' i..oui ets .t.nrt'eerl grated on the shore I s;y .11, anld th?o.unll of re:oa camne to her S.... ...U? I .ld i op tandi tarted thiough the iooir'-.*+:'A.?oltotriet t eateltothe wl - all ot unettd all wounded, atnl half drowned, yet artil auro, lay aLnadoond by.the brink ot too ,?r- t-flunlt rtoil? r. C.slthloti rnal ito orer the sodden fields wit., a t tretti- ano ennufaace almoot sper i ren ctarcre w elo-eo d and aitent when she rewhren st. yet ai.e ?'nvrerd with terror a toll crrpt to tle do?lt, ot her husband should btee t't..tnIe . i-Deprot her terror, however, ba.: eutclre., tI r wt t., in his little cot-bed, lon her rao. te oh.ne olid of her wedded love; aiod no peril no dau?nr could cause her to for .itkn eim. Soe crept in and found that her husband wa asilt u allt. Looking down upon the asltpllt i oly a sIt t thougotlll me to lier. She wlld taie her itlid andl run away, no mat teo a ntlalr, so ea coul escape from her mad hae,t.nd. Soeitt as lightning she tore off her wetgar ml1sll all put on her beat apparel; then she t.eo tmc aleepig boy in her arms and darted tuytrat the tluur. oue wn out, and the summer rain was fall in, eon her totohbing hea before she remeam ieedt her anto, never, under any circum setlcaO. to dtse.t her uhstUtnd. A patcon cry anlue fro bher ohen lips, and she reeled like oen tin a taint. •' wlcre mby the crucifti," shemoaned ; "I dare not btea lany outh " tler nu.aane e' udgh of exultatieon answered -s.u, yta dare not break it," he repeated. " Yo a e a tat a dwousma it yoneverrdo. Take tre :a".uu the bhouua, and hostir yourself ; we ea4G - ·to anole." :ne obeatne :It. without a word; and bestor bLnan of say Lucy were on their jour ney. C ult'rliit iv.-, ot eH TE:l T OF ni-ACK IiOLLOW SRANGE . \- L.I ".; ,ny d -ar.I nave god nrews for yolt ta.d morning." Sles i'reretuun arose lazily from her favo rite sofa In toe recess of the bay-window and closed her book. The very handsomest young lady in all Loudon. tae belie of the gay season that was tn.y just over, aind an heireea in her own right, tuae 0as MIss Lenoer-Trevethon, Sir Geoffrey I evetbun a ward and kinswoman. The oarnet bowed gallantly as he drew \- t;uted news, my dear." he repeated, rub binohid is shapely white haiasitogether; "ex : e, .i tltnews I Come, now, canyou guess what iti'l" Tte yonaglady's wondertfl blue eyes dark. enoe, and sue brought down her dainty foot a utlot impatiently. " o; I eanll nut try. I am not good at pguenal.g, eSi Geoffrey. If you have anything to tell soa worth ctaring, pray speak oaut at onee. 3ly book is on entertainmmg, and itis very provoinga to be interroupted." alr aeuffrew" smiled grlciously on his im porioes oJsng ward. Ut asl guardians that atcr rt.ttt.l us wa s the kiodesr and most fou her-itl.. Froot her childhood pretty iloss Treceuton had reigned and ruled like a qs True enoagh, mydear. But when oneoh goid nw, o knw. So you n. Sty won't gocusi 'ell, ·h.l, is must tell yonul Richmond is etloeta heois. \- a i fe.roehon threw base her gocfuil heoi. anH?isgilltd until the room rang with osleer cr oS. to. S\W'l. nrstr,Sir Geoerey, that is toed good ajokh. Riciuueod umong himel Why, ha .has ?rn uoang tre aill-samne thing for the lat tti.ldmustutS or moi."' " • Stne no, Leaere. leris a sorrydog, as I t.. atnr in my titire. " I don't wonalr te.;. ,.. *Ic t;ts. tunaL. Indoed, the wonder thtase to 5 ,r tett, i t. rcearance.'" . t?, ! ra r.'a ce, S.r eiottrey Beisiyou, ·ir., iia u,,is-a-e-l for forbhuranreo 1 ick te; n I ctSld ttr: pieertoee bettor than by e-?c~ : Cry I,.- ',-,he'ltimako- trip so t ne antoIiloa O ra n tasseen 1g. land." The baronet laugned with genial good bi hailo 'A ld alejii d hsfa hmored gentleman is Sir Geoffreythirteenth baronet a of his line. ahlbei his "brow is farrowed and no his'hair growing gay-a favorite with all La who know him, tspecially with the ladies. da A dozen times he.might have chosen a las wife from the fairest and best born women Th in the land since his acrcssion so the ba- he ronetey; for some cause he bhad seen fit to gh remain a widower. dome say thatnyouthful folly. which cnused so mush trouble between pa him and his dead father, cured him forever of all thoughts of love: others hint that tel iselives loyal and true to the one woman me fer whosne ahake he resigned his noble birth is right; that his heart is buried in his wife's lot far-away grave. tel At all e?cits the baronet is not married, dii though his chances have been tempting, For somethig over half asre of yearsh he has he worn the honoers of his noble race, and led a eat genial, hoepitalhe life at the- ancestral rmas. he nion, Lyndith Hall, an upright, honorable loi gentleman, a Curistian, and a philanthro- lot gist; a man widely beloved and univesally ma trusted But for some reason his fair ward and kins. da woman has never thoroughly liked her guar. o dia, though she has lived under his rooe so it many years. She obeys him; or, to tell the ye truth, he obeys her, for the pretty, spirited t creatre has a will of her own, and Sir eof- d freys uffe her tohavher way, and indulges do all her capricrs. He only controls bar im- de mense flo0tan. Of that Lenore is utterly ye ignorant and equally iadifferrent. She only knows that she will forfeit it-all the fine th old estates and the immense Trevethen wealth--if she fails to marry Sir Geof. lil frey's son before she attains her twenty.first year, nd belng passionately fond of elegance. and ease, and luxury, Miss Trevethon has no .o dream of foifeiting her right to her queenly heritage. , She well knows the conditions of ber pool father's will, hasknown them sine her child. il hood. She knows, too, that years ago, when m she was scarcely more than a baby, she was at most solemn'y betrothed-indeed wedded- ga to her cousin Richmond: From the neat w rola chaan that glitters on her whitte bosom ti one tiny symbol of that childish marriage still hangs. IC In tis last ivill, her father implored his ,' only and d derly heloved daughter notfforavy PI ause to aset nile that childish marriage, but el in obedience to his life-long wish, to become her cousin Riehme?il's wife. FIiling to obey h his .alres. Mice frrrethen forfeits her right as heirs, and thie Trevethon fortoneges to a remote scion of the family, and sheand her Is cossin are hbth left prnuile.s. " B1t Stias Trevetiton has no thought of dis obeying her dead father's last wish and will. She holds that marriage of her childhood macretI and binding: the tiny hetrrtthal ring ' glitters on her bhtesm, anid when Iichmond g comes home she will marry him. IIlr guardian knows this well, and, trust. o in,, to her intrrrity, al!ows ler unbounded freedom. Sine, her return from the-French S convent, where the b·tter part of her youth bad been pae.i. her life has been a series of d successes. Her first scasain was a triumph, b and she has reccile Same of the very bert offera that Reltleavia can afford. Antrldm i with its tempting ceronet has been laid ather p feet, and she laes rejected it, as she rejected all thothers- I When Richmond comes home she will be come his wife, and make him master of her splendid heritage, the heritage so rightfully his own. ii rirchmond lingers abroad, has lingered for t yers, with the fairest and richest bride in wide England, awaiting Slis coming. But Lenose is by n, means impatient; she rather dreads his return than otherwise, she loves b her girlish freedom so well. She knows little of the man who was her boy-bridegrmom. and is to be her future husband,-for they have a seen each other only'at long'intervals. and very briefperi'ds. \'htat heis or is notshe h.s had little opportunities for learning. yetde- t spite her repugnance, her utter indifference,E when hecomes, sahe will obey herdead fathers t command, and become his wife. The baronet knits his brows atrifle darkly t her laughig rerponse, buthisanswerisen tirely pleassnt.F ' ~ll, well, he is certainly on his way to England this time.: We may tlooek tosee him anyday now in a week's time,and once her.". \- .--ed-ine;d tb"-poanttd allantry " hewillt never care to leave again." 7o whteh attering assertion the young lady makes no response whatever; but her chaperon, and the broenet's brsom friend, Lady atalstad, risieg from another sofa, taps her jewelled snuff-box, as she remarks : " It is most dev:otly hoped he will not, for a the good of all concerned, myself especially. I The sooner he gets here, and the sooner the legal wedding is well over, the better I shall be pleased." . a "a asvak why 2" questioned the young 1 lady, serenely. The dowager abuts her anuff-bhx with a f sharp snp. 1 "aon ask why, as if you didn't know. Why, I shall be as gray as a rat in another month or two if I don't get you well off my I hands. Catch me in such a fix aain I there'os not a day in the week, Sir Geoffrey, oct she throws me into a fever with her tol ies. She is the very maddest madcap outside Sof Bedlam." Miss Trevethon shrugs her white shoulders .n imperial scorn, and the baronet only !miles. The dowager toys with her snuff-box and rostinees a And now, in view of Richmond's return .nd the approaching wedding,I want to know, .n the name of common sense, if you do not .ntend to abandon tat'absurd trip to the Slighlands " Sir Geoffrey, for answer, merely bows to . ?ord his ward. She lifts her radiant glance aerom hobopen book. "Our Highland trip cannot be abandoned," she replies. "We shall leave Lyndith Hall awithin an hour." "As the queen wills,"responds thebaronet, with a seeond bow. It is part and parcel of his policy to indulge his fair ward in all her whims, and this trip to the Highlands is one of them. ' As the C. queen wills." is his gallant answer to all her rrequ?sts ; he only asks to manage her vast fortune according to his own will. \- Lady Halstead tosses herpetpoodle,Bijea, d from her lap in pure vexation, and the little animal flea whimpering to the shelter of 1I Lenore's arms. a "As the queen willsI Well. Heaven be r, praised, the queen's reign will oon end, un. y less Richmond Trevethon is as great an idiot as his father. I'll make it my business to w give the young man a hint or two when h arrives." And she nodse severly toward Lenore, her black eyes twinklingwith a grim humor that softens the asperity of her speech t "I''lgoto my roome and mahe ready forthe journey. We will go, and grill, and starve, a' and sleep on the ground like cattle, and mix it with barbarians, because the queen wills and before a week ends the queen will come it home, heartily sick of her folly and with her ag comlexion finely tanned for her wedding. at day,. is ' Jdyweddlng.dsyl ' repeats Lenore, toa. sing asids her book and stroking Bijon's a- silken s. "I'm sikeof the soundof it t already. Dear, dear, I do wonder wherethe r barbarous acustom of mareryig and belg s given in marriage ever originated I" " Why, in the Garden of Eden, to besure," laogbs Sir Geoffrey. so "I only wish it had ended there," re st bta his ward. "Pray, Sir Geoffrey, ring e lelland I'oe Lhaine Cltilde elms and dress irs Georeyn rings and bows lonw to his Lb ward. as if she were indeed a quean and him. self her most devoted sobject. nd dnithin an hour a large partyleaves Lyndiah Ha'l for the Scottish hills. s Sir Geoffrey's party hove laeenin theneigh borhood of tla bhronet's shloting-box same as daysbeforeLenors see her way elear toac. rompl sh the atbjectshe had in viaew, whenashe or panoer thesexarsion. - It Is a glerious .morning, the air pure \- and brcting, toe asunhine lyaig werm nod gtIdn over the purple minrs and shaggy Ip tisa Treretltn as oht for alone'walk. She g~aouaaa sabe nk ep ityel;orw gorse, when the lalasmoke from the sahboiag-bhofades.b hind the line of black firs. ] "Clotilde," addressing her attendant, " we Bor are out of eight of the whole stupid party tov now; Sir Geoffrey has gone deer-stalking; cla Lady Malstead has sprained her foot, and th I day is crand. My opportunity hai come at chi lIst--l'm going to Black Hollow Grange." I1t The woman looks up, with a sudden start, wa her sad, worn face growing a shade more an ghastly. ric A strange creature to look at, is this comn. wa panian of Miss Trethon's--na crature upon whom the blight of some awful crime, or e terrible sorrow, mast have fallen. She is not Br much past her prime, yet her abundant hair B is a white as snow, and there is a carious n look inherintroverted eyesa sphinx-like mys- on tery in herfrozen face, that suggests the son. do dition of a somnambulist. I Bat Miss Trevetbon is quite fond of this, bi her ghostly ompanion, for since her earlih ful eat recollection, Clotilde has been with we her like her own shadow, and we grow to loc love the creature with whom we hare been long familiar, no matter how ungainly they let maybe. coW Lenure loves this woman, who follows her fi" day and night, with the dumb, watchfl de. t votion of a dog; and if at times. growing f impatient of her constant srreillance, the an young heiress treats her nnkindly, she is surea t to repent the minute after, and beg her part don, which Ciotilde readily grants. For, n despite her sphinx.face, th'e poor soul is ten- ta der and gentle, and devotsd to her lovely ho young mistress. th h Black Hollow Grange, Mis Trtev. * thon 1' The words fell huskily from her ashen 00 lips. an "Black Hollow Grange," repeats Lenore, bi' with a defiant laugh. "It is over yonder ml uomewhere, in the midst of those black hillsl s0 1 shall be sure to find it I There, hold your m peace, Clotilde, I know what you would say. n l know all- about the prueaomoe old house. P. shut up since the day and hourof thatawful to murder--I've heard all about the ghosts,and n all that, but I'm goinlgnevertheless I tiln a go," and she brings down her pretty foot re with decided emphasis. "'re loned to see t the plce all my life ; I think of it all day anddream of it at night; I have a notion, ib Clotilde-I have had errsince I heard then awful story, a strange notion that if I n 5" p't into that old Grange, I shall find some In *' .lies Lenore, for the lore 'of Heaven, I 0 hash I" ' t "And, wherefore? Why, Clotilde, you Ii always are ghostly to look at, but now your : face is like chalk, andyourkneesshake under -1 you. What's the matter?" m " Come home, Miss Trerethon, I implore *you I". - ' I "'nt .11 My opportunitl hai come, and 1] 've waitled for it too lng to let it slip. I'm going to Black Huudluw range !" , o "But Sir Geoffrey--if he ehould find l outI" r ' s i ' Miss Treethon snaps her slander white it fingers. o " Sir Geoffrey won't eat us. Ive askedhim U dozens of times to let me visit the old place, 01 bathe alwoys frowned like an ogre; an, said cl no. Sodid Lady Halstead. They don'teren tl know that I'm acquainted with the awful particulars of my poor mother's murder and I my father' strange disappearance, but I am. I know the whole story from be;innine to end ; old Kiby told me everything. What an anwful thing it was, Clotildel" i Her fresh young face whiteni as she turns r it toward her companion, and a shudder'runs u through her lithe frame. a " Yes, an awful thing, M iss Lenore; t you should never have heard it, and yon c must not think of it now. Come, let usgot back." "I wont; I'm going to Black Hollow' Grange. As I said the notionbnunts methat t once there I shall find some clue by which to I solve the mystery of my poor father's fate. : b I h&dthi; obhiectsolelyin viewwhen I olnned 0 this ecursion; for once 1 have outwitted Sir Geoffrey. Come, we've no time to idle; the station cannot be far away. Vo hare the t day before us, and even if we do not succeed v in getting back to-night there will he no great harm done. Will you come, Clotilde ,lDo you hear nie? Why, then, do you stand and gape ° like anidiot?" , .. -:,; -. .', .*" "- ". t *Icin'tgo, IfisTrsvXethind ,"--:! .o ie t.' eanltOlotldse Can lt be posi sible that at last, for once in my life, I am to I be freeof your shadow I 1 am rejoiced at the Sprospect, I assure you, and I bid you good ^ morning 1" The young lady tmrns on her heel with a scornful laugh, but Cltilde's tremulous touch I detains her. . r beg your pardon, Miss Trerethod but I r. hare tried to make myself usefnl to yon all o these years." 1 er white lips qiver and her eyes fill witk team. Poor, desolate soul, bereft as slte him Sbeen of ery earthly tie and forcedto endure i a liring martyrdom, the one solitary comfort I Sof her wretched life is her love for her young mistress. r Lenore sees the pain in the poor meek :r face, and instantly repents of her unkind y ness.. . - "Yon have been useful, my poor COlotilde, Ti and I would not be without yon for worlds. I- There, forgive me, and do not take my silly ls words to heart." She gives her a carressing pat on the cheek with her slender, soft hand as she con. Ly tinoes: "Come, now, we are friends again. We d should never fall out, Clotilde, if you would only keep in mind the fact that I always do bn have my way in the end ; and certainly it Ir would be wise to permit me to hareit in the t beginning, and thereby save your breath. ie "Miss Lenores, I cannot go. For the lore of heaven, do not think of visiting that awful 0 place I" l pMliss Trevethon's swift anger blazes up afresh. SWhy not? For fearof encounteringthe ghosts of my poor murdered father and mother 1" she demands. "Heaven send 1 mI ight see them I Alive or dead, in the body or ont, they would be most welcome. Why," 5e Clotilde, you are actually shivaring. What 'P a coward you must be. *Or, perhaps," she he adds, struck by a sudden thought, "yon know er something of that terrible mystery? 1 have 0t long wondered what secret you carry locked up in your heart. It must be a dreadful one, , judging from the look of your face. s it con I cerning the mysteryof Black Hollow Grange of Can it be possible, Clotilde, that you know somethingand hare kept it from me ll these be yearsl" n. The woman whitens until her face is it like ashes, and she utters a piteous, gasping to cry. he "Oh, Miss Trevetbon, how shr ld I khow rd It is cruel to think I do." im; Lenore throws aside the hand that clutches !h at her arm. e "Perhaps it is crel," she replies; "but, se, then, if you know nothing of the mystery, lii you need have no fear of the ghosts. Once 1s for all, will you come with me or not to meI "I cannot." c.n " Then I shall go alone." 2g- "Oh, Miss Lenore, stop You msat not. Sir Geoffrey would be so angry." s. " Sir Geoffrey's anger can cool: Stand 's aside. Clotilde 1" it he puhesher companion out of the way ;he and walks rapidly onward, not deigning ag another word or glance. Clotilde follows, wringing her hands in tan agony ol distrass. Lenore goes on at a rapid pace. She has re made np her mind to visit Black Hollow I.g Grange at all risks, and in the teeth of all eM opposition; and, like all her race before her, Misu Trevethon has an iron will. his Presently the shrill hriek ot a loomotive m. greets her ear, and she sees a thin cloud of smoke earling over the summit of a brown res hill. The train is coming. She qoickens her ateps, her heart throbbing with pleasant gh. excitement. A turn in the roadbrings herin me sight of the way station, with its red fag ac. fluttering in the breee ;and she sncceeds in hreac fhing the platform just as the snorting enbinencomes un. are To BE COSnT~ID. rm Some 1GOi3 I "trili s,,ldlie and sailor are the annally tSent luc; intlo civil life, and how to ihe hnd employment fr oroi. anyeof them ao los e.'lible is the prwblrm shich faces each succes lirve Govermnunt ; , It Was Her Darn.-I must ctll yo r something that happened once in a cwntry town where dishonesty in the educated classes is not so safe as it is in cities. A girl I knew was one day ransacking an old dower chest and found among other things long laid by, an old fashioned white lace veil. It was about a yard and a quarter in let,;th, and was quite a yard wide. The desin was rich and heavy along the edge, and the rnet was "sprigged" with small orange hbuds. It had been the wedding veil of some an. cestress. The lace was beautifully fine old1 Brussels, andof course was valuable. Tie girl was so delighted to find it, rolled up among a lot of old linen, that she impe:- J onsly dragged it out of the chest, and in doing so, caught the corner' of it on a wretched nail that lurked unseen inside the big box. However she darned it so ,kill. fully that it hardly showed, and site used to wear this veil as a fichu, and lovely it looked. One very hot day, at a garden party, ahe left it in the bedroom of her ho,:n.s and. coming up to get it in the evenins. .-.,lo nott find it anywhere. It had disaplcared. andl, though she was very sorry at first she sodn forgot all about it, as girls will. She married and went to India with her husband. lier mother left the village. But last year, when my old friend was home with her husband on furlough, they met some old aeq an-l, tances who had a place near their f-rmer home, and, being asked to stay with them, they accepted. On the very evening of tlhir arrival there was an amater concert glt up by the musical people about, and, of corse, every one went, Jeanie and her husbaind among the rest. They sat immediately be. hind the girl whom Jeanie had known for merly, ansd whom ahe recognized with ples sure, only waiting for a pause in the iprfI . mance to attract her attention. This. Ilhow ever, she did very effectually before any pause carme. In a very pinnupart of th?. solo that was being sung, a loud whisper rng quite audibly through the room. This was Jeanie, who had found her longlost veil, recognized her own dainty little stiches. and uttered aloud * My darn l". The girl before nor turned round, as did every one and when she saw Jeanie she grew as white as the lace itself. You see, she had thought herself quite safe in wearing it at that long time, tiink. ng Jennie was in India. . What must ?s nave felt when she turned rounl an I saw nersitting beside her? Tie veil was re stored next day, and some plasisible eaplana. tion given whieh Jeanie fignel?l to Ilelcvee satisnactory; A woman may lrcet her own shild-women often do; but what woman sould forget her own darn! Women in Street Cars.-The man who sits in a street cir while luolies are standing up is deservedly an object of rejlroarh unilre ie can excnse himself tln the gromad or ai, or infirmity. As much as the Australians are accustomed to speak with prile of their superior gentlene and courtey to the sex, it is a matter of ,ooubt whether the ?usrly an.l selfish fellows who cling to their sa ats in a car with a resolute tenacity in the presonee of ladies who are standing up are not in creasing in numbers. To gentlemen with the. true manly instinct'of rdefrence to women at all times and in all ple?o a man who does this is an object of contempt., But while we hold such men in aversion we are not certain that wrlnen tlhmselves are altogether nn-esereing of some censure. While it is right that they should expect and receive the largest measure of courl?y fronm men, they often seem to forget that there are occasions when they Phiuld yield what they exact. Their aelfishnUes in the etreet cars is sometimes as remlvEnsible as that of the men, and there certainly .is great ro?n for improvement in the coiie of etiqueitce which they seemto adopt in their manners towards on, another on such oc~aions. IFor instance, it is rare, very rare, that we Sbehold a woman tende her seat toi an aoil ordisabled member of her sex. It ia a daily Scourrence to witness some oMl lady hanguig the scats are filled with stnmn and healel.y w omen who never think'of rising. If the1 especially thle young onrse-were' to kuow now gracious nn.I kindtlysuch annet wel d make thlem- appear in the eyes of men whose good opinio i.4 worth having, they woold' not loll bliickin thirsenatls witl the h l.l eel niulid inrldiffereneo wIch they nusially dli.' play. . : . Tire sight of a young woman,.iving her eat to an old' man or to any man who is in. firm or in plhyical distrese is equally ay rare. It is consequently noot to be wn o t.lber thoat therere are sn men who justife thenms:lve for their oen grost negligenre in the matter of every dal curtite by declnrine that nice women themselves are so selfie, l that they are not deserving of the-good ofices of the stronger sex. This dtIes not excuse their own Schurlishness, but there is, neerrheleas. a Sood deal of truth in what they say. The t young woman wieo will give tip her seat in a car to the old or tile feeble of both sexaes ought to be seen much oftenerlhan abe now is. k Save in Litt?i Thing-It yvon ae rclie Itg in the country, fur iA'y from stores. oou will find it convenient as well asn ecenounical to save in little thince. Tink of the lin SDuckets, in which so much provision finis ite way to us these days; they are often thrown asideas worthless as mon Ia emptice: but Sthey can be made to do good service as cunp or saucepans, nine times out of ten. I con. fess they ae thin, and apt to become leaky noon, and a piece of soft solder is a gou? d thing to be kept constantly on hand, so they a can be kept in repair. It is easil' applied it toany leak thnt aur. Find a lid or lili a for tomato cans and you have puddbing toilen. Out them down for small baking pans, 01 Sput handles of wire to them ftl cips aed Sdippers. A goodi measure can Ie made of quart can by marking me.nuremenls withili filc; antehing into pints and half p i .n: SYeast powder boxes make go?le cake and ti biscuit cutters, and cut down threy c ?aee, id wellfor muffin rings. Perforate the lidl o one of these laxes with tiny holes, ani you Sare upplied with a useful petqner tlx. I make ualt, spice and flour bohes all in the Ssame way. be Traindg i Nurases.--n every city schtol. Sfor the training of nurset are rganirzed ; iad r the value of such skilled hell) is being imer, md and more plrciated ty the phyiecian. wloan ein his busy profesional life, soannot nake Sthe observations as to the temperat ae, pulse eand respirations of his patient as often m he would like, or as the welfare of the Spatient demands. In all these metheod nurses aranow trained, and their servie mae s well-nigh indispensable. A trained ursone i however, an expensive luxury, ten shilling a day being the usual price paid thim, at f that only the rich can enjoy their educateo aid. What is greatly needed in our cities i an organizatien which will supply sun,! Ssuccor to the pooreiywhom such services a:v in reality more needed than by the rieh at, Every physician whose practiel has til.?r "J him into tenament houses has felt the gCcat e need of some one to nurse his patienti, v hen through ignorance or poverty, neithe- they nor their friends can do anything to l.! him In Philadelphia, a district nurse society ha, been formed for the care of the A.~,k pooo who cannot be sent to the h.i-pital. A nd trained nurse is provided by this rociety it visit and attend the sick. Bed linen nor ay other necessaries are also furnisheb. Forth, ng services, a charge of 3d. a day is made except when the patient or bhis reltices can nnot afford te pay anything, in which canst everything is furnished without recompense i The motive which underlies this system is an o admirable one, and we shall watch thm aork all ing if the elan with geat intte rt. en In England and Wales the nerenge dusesicn tee of sorried life hao beent,mltutc.l at soatt mt tiety-,eoen yw.ors'. _. - . in Sumatra. It is cailed tihe woalolcriw tora,,tl. lagnl enm of the petciooenasr ar, .tuhl .0in. in d otteter. Ttn nentrol tap oillheldasix ag qonrtsc,,fntwte' , Ot on tnersgeabb19 pervne.nnt of erry. 1v Hid 1iret Attvnol'nce--i ?-4cJ~err Yei:,. nsooogloty lts ntl. dhlnta't y.t llt' Ih:lthtit * to inv-whltothit· cnI g oonu ttit·'.tlhlte.tIJ. is- hair so lmar as sman I aknoa. :huide5 h?'?s ga'taplattfu.l" 