COUNTRY NEWS. COUNTRY LETTERS. AUBUBN. Friday. ~ ~ 'a' -JP^Iicineetinij to form AMusical Union and llrawi Band for Auburn and distrfotia to be bold shortly. , S^RlPjcking throughout the district iain fullawing.-—The grapes-are snialljjSowaver, owing to tho dry season. . BEACHPORT, Wednesday. On Sunday last harvest thanksgiving servicer were held in the Wesleyan Church, JOuo^»AJJ^oJy_depprated JTor the occasion. The Rev. Mr. Mortimer preached both morn j_ng and-evening to large .congregations. Oix Mouday ovcning a aacrcd concert was ***—li,la ,WeaIeTan Chapel in aid ° . ? Church funds; The musical P? 0 r* the Pr°g^uimo w&s; supplied by ^ South mdl, Miss Mr. oouthwell, of Milhccnt, and the Rev. Mr. .JoOrtimgE,—-MjasJBathjtcjettAS tirirnniKt, Att w0ri'^er R!.V9 ftn address on "Life on the West Coast, and for about an hour kepttho alluiition ol tno—audience by relating eonio" of his experiences whilst stationed aiJEIliston. A ish have been plentiful, and during the •past day-or two a large number of snook have ween caught close to the j"ttv. «, j,, , BORDER TOWN, Thursday. ibe^isbop-viMted-here—oii-^tesdayj -and conducted a confirmation service in the evening, at whicli aoven candidates presented themselves. Dr. Harroer isft on Wednesday for the othsf.townships of the South-East. . -BEESTITOOD, 'Saturday. — Tho W,GkT. IL hskLthek^annnalJ^on ventuon in the WesleyanUhuroh-on Wednesday. Miss Goorga. of Adelaide, explained ttre"workingT>f the Union. The Rev. J. Nairn presided at | the evoning meeting. - Yorketown, Warooka, Mmiaton, and Ourramulka were represented. | __ • - - CLE YE, Thursday. Yesterday af ternoon a serious acciden t took place at Arno Bay, A reaping- machine was being shippodonboard_thoJJosthoy1and just a3 lowering was begun, tho crane, which was ni8uifiuisji tly_ballasted. tipped off the rails and fell on board, precipitating all who were work ing it on -tho deck. Captain Jones, who is stout and very heavy, fell flat on his back, his foot just cloaring the bulwarks and his head tho-galley.He was vory inn eh shaken, hut no bones woro broken. One of the crow has great, pain in the shoulders, but does not think J101?eternally injured. Mr. Robb. a settler, was fortunate to escapa with a slight scratch. The crew with the assistance of Mr, T. Sinims, took the schooner over to Moonta last nteht . COCK BURN, Sunday. A sad drowning accident occurred to-day. Five navvies employed at the wash away at 1 Pine Cretik—Litster. Woods, Mates. Sauders and Kingsbury, of Enrelia—wero bathing at Sherlock's dam, about three miles from ..v°ckburri, when Kingsbury got out of his depth and sank. TTiifo"rtVinaTo.ly liis matos vjere not ahlo to render assistance. Informa tion was gi ven to the police, who hurried to the spot. The body lias not vet beerrTecovorod. ~ ~~ " -EUDUNTDA, Friday. A youth named JCunoth, aged nineteen years. son^oUidward Theodore KiYnoth. of Bud in i da, was drowned to-day while bathing in Julia Creek at Clayton's Crossing, eight miles from Eudunda. A companion, George Koisowotter, had a narrow escape in trying to save tho deceased, who gripped him in tho water. Keisewetter, who is about the aatrm age, had a hard struggle to free himself. « narci scrug^ie to tree fieri self. M.G. Jordan recovered the body, and re ported the case to Mr. A. Feige, J.T., wlio did not, consider an inquest necessary. Much svrnpathy i.s felt with tho.dcceased's parents. The father is absent in Now South Wake GA. WLER, Friday. In all probabili ty tho official starting of the battery at Menzie's Barossa will take place oft March 1, Facilities for religious -worship have been provided at tho Mon/.io's Barossa Mine by the Primitive Methodists. A building composed i of a wood frarno and canvas has been erected, j and diis was opened on Sunday last, when the -Rev, Jf. Hartley, of Gawie.r, preached twice j to large congregatisws^-A successful social was" lie.Id on Monday evening. The cost of ' the structure was about.fiSO, and this lias been ! mors than met, a small sum remaining in ' hand as the nucleus of an "Organ Fund. The j Church will ho worked as a, part of tho Q-awler "Circuit, When in England the Rev. A. K. C'm'gnell ! will engage in special study with a view to ' further equipment for the religious education -j of the young. The St.. George's Entertainment and Sing- ■ ? A ifin ftVinnarii/l ft (• Ui ing Association appeared at, St. George's Schoolroom in their thirtieth entertainment last night, and it passed off very successfully. Songs woro rendered by Mrs. Coles and Messrs. P. Oroft. J. A. Haslam. C. A. Home, R. K. Thomson, K. Fidd. and F. H. Miller, a duet by Messrs. Coles and Thomson, a reeita i £ion by Miss 8. Paine, and overtures by Misses IN. Leicester and K. Paine. GA WLER, Saturday. j The Crawler School Board of Advice met ! yesterday, and dealt with a few non attendance cases. They also inspected the water service afc the Lawler School, and found it very defective, it being impossible to get a sufficient supply therefrom for the use of the scholars. For several weeks the children have either had to carry water to school, trouble the noisrli1 >otirsi~~fif "go ybirst-y,- and this not withstanding the fact 'hat the matter has teen before tho department for some time, and its urgency emphasized. A new and larger service is required to meet the difficulty. The Board discussed the matter, and resolved to again depntatiomV.e the Minister if a satisfac tory reply is not received in a few days. The -renovation work effected at the Gawlor School recently was inspected, and the members wero j much pleased with it. G AWLER. Tuesday, j meeting of the Corporation was held test ! night.. There were five tenders for the supply ' of limestone ranging from 2s. to 2s. 61. per j yard. That of .T. L. Martin. was accepted at ] the former figure. The Media Wirra South ! District Counci I being still of the opinion that j they were overcharged in the sum demanded 1 for one moiety of the cost of tar paving the Willaston Bridge, it, was decided to supply details. After consulting with represent*- ! tives of the Mudla Wirra South District, : Council with a request from the Crown Lands | office that certain painting and offier work at | the Willaston Bridge be carried out, the j TubEc-Works jfhiTimitteo recommended that J a special grant, of £.V> be asked for from the Government. The " recommendation ! was adopted. Tho Inspector recommended ! that a portion of th« roadway on the •' ..western <hrlo of Murray-street, where the for- ! mation is go ,''. te> covered with~tar so as to f .wit the material and prevent, it breaking tin. I He was sanguine that, the experiment would ! Mis a sutuss and save oxncosc. . JJo rccoro- I ~meird"cdnt7-itii^rVt gallonsof-u-Ar-jn,f,i ..yj.q : for the fi-it traJ. Referred to tl!f) p„biic i Works .Loo-imittce. The Gounril subsequently I sat as a, i.o—oI Board of Health. G'orrospon- f Xcr.v-,,d Board was read relative ! to a statement that, t vo css< s o'f tvph'-md' hid : c.qmo from Gawlcr. Tho Local Board denied j tee. truthos the sffl.h-rricnt. ThoJ.nsooctor rc- I ported ori-o .case of tvphoid In t'r- tea-n at I p;-f .sen t. A com plaint bv Conn-illo- TTomo 1 jteir_>vt>rk hefora I the hour appointed was referred toThe [ nsr.ee- " tor for report. A letter was received from'tho 1 •Secretary of the E.pitra] P,oard of Health I statsag- that, in consequeneo of informal.m from varibiis 'sriifriicS whicli made it appear j pro',able that the G.awier wntor supply is j soakage from non-watertight cesspools in (hi# VoWo, the unatter^was jegwded «e -being-fl®--. sufficient importttnoa toTttstifyftay aotion that ' might be foundnecessary to remove—tfc#— dangor. Acting underthoadvice oTtrhela^ . " officers; of theOrown.the Board had'directed ■■ him to send the enclosed " requirement.1' Ha atao asked that whon the wells or cesspools =wero—opened -the--Central Board—should— have the opportunity of sending one of dtsTtfficorrto oxaminetbem.—The " require' ment" set out that, whereas the Board had been informed- that certain old wells within the TowiTof Gawler, now being Used a?— oosspools. wero not constructed or-koptNn-ac*— cordance with the provisions of the 48thsCO"— "tinrrof thePubHe Health Act, l87iVtheLqcal: _ Board wore demanded " to make an entry upon the promises wheroTlie said wells or cesspools are situated? and open and examine the said wells or cesspools to ascertain whether they are - s'o constructed That their contents or any park thereof do hot leak or soak therefrom, and that such wollsor cesspools arehohRVructed aiid r_ kept in-aeeertiaiico-^vith- tlie_lZuhlic-Health quired to IST opened. It was resolved that the communications be considered at a special meeting of the Hoard a fortnight hence* I G ULNA RE, Tuesday. The annual Bundaleer social was held in tbp I woolwhed on Fohruary 1fb About 400 peraoni i were present, and spent an enjoyable nighfo ! Tho large woolshed was tastefully decorated. — ! HAHNDORF, Monday. ~ | The late Mr. Thomas Ide, whose remains ! were interred -in the cemetery here this^ after* noon, was lorJtortyyears connected with the 1 township,Jatterly as landlord ot the Union. Hotel,- wbe-ro-his cbeerluLand obliging care for tho wants of visitors and customers wop for him universal respect. In his etirly days he.iiad baen in the Navy. When he left Hahndorf about five months ago some friends presented hirii with an afiDchair as a testi* monial of their esteem. HALBURY", Tuesday. Mr. William McTntyre, of Warooka, died suddenly here on Sunday morning. On Satur' day week ho left -home tor the Burra sheep "" sales, and stayer! at Warooka to get his hors# shod. At tho shoeing forge tho horse took fright, and knocked him down and stamped upon him, _Howovor, ho felt little the worse for his ad venture, and continued on his journey. All wont well until Saturday last, when he complainod of a pain at his heart. Tho soil noticing that his father was breathing heavily went to his assistance^ hut found him dead. The polico were informed of the case,—and 'certificate oftleath was given. HAWKER, Tuesday. ^ Tho Pastoral-Commission arri ved by to-day's train. They leave hcrothis afternoon in two traps, and camp at I'arawillia to-night. The weather is very-hot, and water in -tta reservoir is very low. If tho country does noj Scioh got a good-fall of rain to replenish tb# supply it will become a very serious matter t«i the Joeal residents. HOLDER. Thursday. The river has been gradually rising, and navigation-has "boon—resumed-by tho light* hfaught-boats. We hear, however, with dis* may. that it is falling fast again at Wentworth. Tliis is very unfortunate, as we are handi capped in every way. Produce which might be shipped has to remain at Holder. We also suffer through tho irregularity of . mail com*— municat.ions when the river is low. No wonder people" on the "ri ver rake exception m iu> measured tonus to tho action of the New South Wales portion of tho Federal Convention. We "are busy now clearing mora land arid preparing for-J;ho coming, seeding season. ^ besides the other necessary incidental works which promise plenty of employment. HORSHAM (Vic.), Monday., The proposal of the farmers of the Goulbu rn Valley to ship a portion of their wheat does not 'find very great favour here. Homo farmers, who 'tried a similar experiment, were losers to the extent of Is. a bushel, after paying all freight charges. Wheat is moving slowly, ,1s. ?ld. to 4s. being the top price. Three members of the Council of Agri cultural Education visited tho Longcrcoong_ Agricultural College rm Thursday, when it ia understood that they placed Mossr.s. Mercer and Irvine in charge of the farm and collcgo property. Tt is not known what steps the Council intend to_takolixmanag«4lie-prop0rty "Thrice Tt lias been practically closed »s a College. ' , ; """ Mr. M, Guerin, C.E.. late Principal of tne ...Longcreuong Agricultural College, left to-day for New •Zealand, whore ho has received an appointment at Oanteri. <ry Agricultural College, Lincoln. Mr. Guerin was for ten years connected with the Council of Agricultural Education at Dookie and Longerenong. KOOLUNGA, Saturday. By special invitation from Messrs. Norman and Co. between fifty and sixty farmers and others interested assembled on the farm of Mr. J. H. Young to witness a trial of their "Superior" seed-drill and fertilizer. By permission of Messrs. Norman A Co. the Im* plement Company exhibited the "Farmers Favourite' seed-drill. The machines did their work exceedingly well. After putting in about half an ac.re each an adjournment was made to Mr. Dutton's farm to show the drills in Rtonv land. Great satisfaction was shown regarding the working of tho drills over rough stones and obstacles. At the close of the trial Mr. Butcher. Chairman of the _ Local branch of the Agricultural Bureau, thanked the gentlemen representing the drills tor their trouble in coming here to show their work. Messrs. Button and Shipway endorsed the Chairman's remarks. Mr. Merrett, of behalf of Messrs. Norman Sc. Co., and Mr, Latter, representing the Implement Company* responded. Great interest is being manifested in the question of introducing the use of the seed* "drill into thin district, although the farmers aro as yet doubtful abont the right sort of manure to use. An effort will no doubt, be made to have an experiment with the diffe rent ferterlizers. LYRUP, Thursday. Mr. R. Ws Skelton has been elected Manager of tho Association, and has entered upon his duties. We are now busy picking our grape crop and drying raisins. At our annual meeting the balance-sheet and revenue and expenditure reports were adopted. Messrs. W. Reincke and A. W. G. F. Rosa were elected Trustees, subject to the approval of the Commissioner or"Crown Lands. Messrs. T. Nolan and W. II. Wilson were elected Auditors. — , MAOLAREN VALE, Saturday. The vintage commences on'Vlonday at Mr. Pridmore's cellars, and probably others will make a start' on that day. Messrs, Thomas ILirrly&Bons; begihTiri February 2ft; and-it is" anticipated that the yield will be lighter than usual taken in the aggregate. Messrs. •j>-»hn* ston (c Wigloy's cellars are, practically finished,- and they-ho]*; to begin crushing at an c-ad y date. The teamsters Have had a busy time lately owing to the erection of netV cellars. and it, is generally hoped that success will attend the* efforts of new beginners at wincmaging- MANOORA, Monday. Mannt.e.d-eonsta'.le Ke.ll.v arrived here last eve.r 'im from Auburn hwng heard that "tho ,.j -.-jrlsoncr, Gv.ouiioun, was in the '' ' \yai---Tiu?T—(is! r l'1 i lit,' at Vy'.i Wi'loO vicinity of tv af-enoo. mrrrnTiTiriu, u...rnuv "Tid: w^Tfffbrmerl T,nat cmmaii a,iswenirg4<»-the p,« Wivi >»».•>*"•' » ; , . . . • pe^rripfion had boon there and had IcR avaio at 8 o'clock in t.ho morning. Upon being tracked to Black Springs the- supposed escapcr was found in the- Government ,school. joarneyedito Clarendon to play the rotarn £~ iiatcH^with the «. te>t jpiace. ifter -^egttvJ^:^A3.proJiidedJbjLJb&-J.9ajfig._aag. altog ether a very enjoyableaf ternuuu was spent. Followingare the seoresi-r- Misses H. jCatt and May Brooks, beat Misses Galloway and MTBrooka,"!!-—3T MissesJ£. OILoughlin aji'd' TJ'.-BrooksJlOTt jto^Miss "Spencer -and" Mrs. Shii >way, 8—9; G.Sidlor, and Miss M. Brooks Meat Thompson and Miss Powell, 9—5; Robinsbn and Miss H. Catt lost to Jeers and Miss Galloway. 8—9 ;. W. ElKs ancT """ " ~ " Mrs.S" " MiseC. O'Loughlin boat Pernio and Mrs. Ship way, 9—7; Ham and Mies It. O'Loughlin lost -tp-T.—Brooks—and—Misa Spencer, A—9;Th Ellis-and Miss L.-Brooks lost to 1). Paddick ^-and -Miss THrip way, -8 -4) ^B.JJro wn =aud Miss - ~-~F,~~Sidler beat Hr Shipway atid ' Mis3 Mr Broolra,d)-*-3;A3vF)idler and B. Brown beat" JnerS aad II. Bhripway, 9—3; Rubin.sua and- ■ W. Ellis lost to D. Paddick-and T. Broolca, 5—7. Total—Meadows, 78games; Oiarendttn, • 94 games. - MILLICENT, Saturday. A young man named Gustav Geior. Jem ployed by Mr. Walsgott, farmer, of Millicent, was kilted this attOTOOon-*hro«gta£=loaded~| wagongoing over him. The deceased was ) — driving a.wagon-load of wheat coming "down \- ~r Kant's Hill, when some bags shifted and Icnockedtbedccoasod off the_iooiboard, the wagon passing over him and killinglfimin siderod Trecessary.—The/deceased hasTolatrv-os at Kapunda_._i MOUNT GAMBIER, Tuesday. t At the meeting of the Mount Gambier ^Branch of the Agricultural Bureau on Satur day a discussion took place on manuring. It appeared that "the-oxperimcnts tried bad-been generally failures in consequence of the dry wealKerl The branch resolved to ask tho Tatiara Branch to postpone tho next ooii teronco of to be hold at Bordertown, from March 34-fep-j • a month, as the date fixedis too early for this J part oftho district, . — — - ** 1 — The final compsthtioTiiof:i397-8 (fourth year)i for the Moorak Challenge Trophy and money I prizes was concluded on Saturday. Tho ^winner of the first prize (HO) was Private \V. "E wens (I'rffah try) "With "189T"0f~ttrersccoTOi-' prize (£l) Private Holtze (Infantry) with 1.78; .. of the third prize (fill) Captain Harland (In "Tantry) withT74";TV7id of -the-fourih prize (£2) Lieutenant Her'vor (Infantry) with 172. The •■"trophy—a ail vb r-cup value £30 ^-has.td. be "won three times by the same competitor before it becomes his property, but the winner for each year has his name inscribed on it. So far four separate competitors have_won_a_place Tor theif names"birtll'e'eupr - Largo supplies of rabbits are being brought to the Mount Gambier Rabbit and Meat Pre serving Factory. Last week 20,930 bunnies were received-.owl-treated there,_or 7,27G more than in any previous week sinco the factory started.7 A memorial has bofen presented by contiihu tories to the Mount Gambier Building Society -(in liquidation) to the liquidator,.asking, that. nmeetiogof contributories may be hold "for the purpose "of ascertaining the wishes of the said contributories in all matters relating to the- winding-up of the : said * SocietyMr: Harrold.h&s;^igreedToAhe^-equost, -andAho umeetingwill-be held in a fortnight. It is said that many of the potato crops in the district will not exceed-half a ton. to the _aerb, and that somo" will-not he dug. Water"" blister i3 prevalent in some places. — - -—MIN T A RO, M on d a y. T4renew machinery erected in the-Mintaro Flagstone Quarry is working smoothly, and the works are now in full swing. Tho Lynch Family of Bellringers attracted a large au dience at the Institute on Saturday evening. Many persons wore unable to gain -admit tance. The weather is getting hotagain. MOUNT GAMBIER, Friday. Mr. L. Ci. El vet has sold his river steaip launch .Perseverance on the Glenblg River to Captain G. Arnold, of MannUrn, and she "will Hae-takenJjo the Murray at the first oppor tunity. Capfaih Arnold—purposes—using-tho vessel for the carriage of mails and passengers between Mannum and Blanohetown. Mr. ET vet- intends .leaving Mount jGainfoicr forJ Western Australia as soon as he can sottle his affairs here. When His Excellency Sir T. F.Jluxton was liere in October he arranged with Mr. G. Riddoch, J.P., to form one of a party of genii when to have a trip up7the"Gldn"olgRiver for fishing and shooting in the course of the summer. Mr. Riddoch received a letter from the Private Secretary last night suggesting tho end of March for tho trip; but as the .steamer Perseverance will by that time havo boon removed it is probable that the trip up -the river will be abandoned, although a visit to the stream may he made." -Two more sections—of_.the jGlencoo Estate have been sold, one of ,39 acres to Mr. Alfred Talbot, of Mount Gambier, at £5 10s. per acre, and the other, 120 acre9, to„Messrs. W Umpherston. junT, and A. Umphorston, of Mount Gambier, at £15 per aero. Sinco tho auction sale of the land in November about ij-ftOO-aorea-hay-fl-bcon disposed of privately. N A R.F'.A G(H IK! E, 1'bur "/lay. On Wednesday afternoon a bicycle road race was run under tho auspices of the local cycling club. The distance was ten miles, and five competitors started. A. Winnerbom and R. McLeod, who started from scratch, made a fine finish, resulting in Winnerbom heating McLeod on the post, .fust after passing the post Winnerbom's machine skidded with him, and he came down heavily on tho motal, cuk ting his right arm on the elbow and leg rather severely. The race wasmn in IW mrn: -42--son.-j Tho lady cvcli^s~~of "the" town entertained the gentlemen members of the Cycling Club at a social in the Institute Hali on Wednesday evening. Between fifty and sixty people ; were present, and an enjoyable evening- was—spent.—The -pro gramme consisted or progressive euchre and ; dancing. Supper was handed round during .the evening. - The Right Rev. Dr. Harrnor, the Anglican —Bishop of Adelaide, conducted a confirmation " "service in St, Paul's Church on Wednesday 'evening, when seveii candidates were con firmed. Dr. Harmer gave- an impressive address after tho confirmation, and left by J train for Penola and Mount Gambier this evening. NHILL (Vic.), Monday. A committee meeting of the Water Trust was held at the ftb+re—Hall last Monday-Tori consideration of the tenders for Contract No. 12 for cleaning out of dam on water reserve 32b, Parish Kinemakatka. There was only en" tender, thai-, nf Mi- [{. Anderson, which Mr. Diprose. a well-known farmer from the north of Adelaide,1 has purchased some good land in the Lorquon district —-A- youth named " Etherton_ wa3_receiitly_ robbed "of "£22 fiea"r "th e f )i m boola Bridge. No clue has vetboen obtained. The Government carpenters have finished re-erecting the Government goods-sheds at tho Ahtl! Karl way Citation. to replace chac which j repairs to tho Nhill Courthouse are also finished. Mr. John Walker, who has acted as Benre tary to the Nhill A- and P- Jiooietsr for the past fourteen years, has resigned. His absence will ba most severely felt, as bo had always -bwh^ne-tobBt-^OBamenfe-Hiftn-iH-Nhillf tH oonnaoted with nearly every inBfcRutionin ihe town and district. - • —A-deputoti<m representing fourWater and -Irrigation Trugtsunterviewod -thoMinister-of Water Supply in Melbourne on water supply Tor the mallee. Several gentlemen spoke on the . question, and urged the Minister to take 1 :imroediat€Patepa to supply the wants-of Jitae j settlers in this arid region. The Minister said the delay in dealing with the . Royal Commission's report arose- throughJ l-pressure of business. -- if- the report—oi\ the Water Commission did not go far enough Parliament would have to deal with the question. Interest would be reduced, as |~tho GoVornmMt desired to legislate to keep the people on the land arid would not counte nance" anything' else. He "agreed with the Lproposal-ior. di (TerentiaL_ratiug._^Buggesting '-that municipalities should take over control of This-would be providedforin-the new Bill. ORRORRO, Monday. and Mr. Hykes, the Superintendent of the Port Augusta Waterworks, is in the town. It is . u nderatood that the work is to bcLcqm-_ rueticed this week, and it is to be hoped that it will give work to many hands. When com pleted it should bo a great boon to the town, -imd no doubt-gardening and tree-planting-will be greatly increased. PORT PIRIE, Friday. For some time past several of the members of the I'ort Pirio -Starr-Bowkett - Building Society, No. 11, havo been under the impres sion that the salary jaiiLto the _3ecretary_and_ I |-tbe. foes to^-the. flollaiter were -unnecessarily/ high, and a special meeting of the Society on Thursday evening in the Temperance Hall was the outcome of a requisition to the Board of Management-in accordance' with rule 34. Tho matters before, tho meeting, wjhich was presided over.-by Mr. T, P. Coles,-wore fully .J discussed, and it was eventually decided by an almost unanimous vote that tho wish of tho requisitionists in regard to the reduction of i eitor'e—fees-be—comp] i ed —but—with ( regard to the Secretary's salary it was elicited that the Acting Secretary himself had volun tariiy agreed to a "reduction from £100 per -annum to £80. and the ma.iority.__we.re_ there fore against the requisitionists in Any-further reductions. It is understood that a Secretary will be permanently appointed at the general -meeting-of-tlie -Society-to-bo -held-on- Thurs day next, when the salary wili be definitely llxed. A numbor of tho leading gentlemen of Port Pirio metlastmight to discuss The advisable liess of starting a club. Tlio idea.jyas favour ably criticised,"and further information is to be obtained and submitted to a future meeting. - The idea is to manage it on the same lines as ' the club at Broken_Hill. The-borlng gear arrived all-right during JFridaynight, and this forenoon was carted to a sito just behind tho Harbourmaster's resi dence, where tho bore will bo put -down. During the afternoon tho men were busy erecting their tents, and on Monday will start to eroct tho machinery. ■ - Sunday Work ofTthd wharfs has boen ratlicfrqu i e t "of ~ late, and consequently there are a good riiany unemployed. The Ouraka has been in with" a large cargo—SfUSO-tonSTeoal—and 400tons of coke—and left again yesterday with over 1,000 tons—of4ead-and-orej—and-tho-WUlyama has-), made a start at unloading her cargo of' coke. The.Ty.thonus h as just com pi e ted- discbargin g coke, and tho Fort Stuart lias made a start at a cargo of the same material; but beyond these little has been doing. A large number of extra men are, however, employed at the now works being carried -owt-by- tholBrokou-Hill Proprie tary Company. The building trade in the'port is also extremely-busy, and houses keep springing up in all directions. PORT PIRIE, Tuesday/ The dredging of the swinging basin is being carried on as the tides permit. At present they are favourable for the work. PORT WAKEFIELD, Tuesday. Yesterday morning Mr. C. ilakor . was driving to his home at Kulpara in company with two young' ladies, about two miles -from Port Wakefield, when his horse gave n plunge. The harness gave way, allowing the -spring-cart-to-tipup, andthe occupants "were" thrown out. One of tho ladies had her leg fractured and received other injuries. The other. _two passcngers_w.oro uninjured. Dr.-) MacMahon was quickly in attendance, and her father's house at Inkerrnan. [ i ROBE, Wednesday. Tlio local cricketers journeyed to Kingston bn'Saturclay and defeated the eleven of that ! place somswhat easily. Robe made 88 in the first innings, J. O. Noack 10, D. Lannan Ifi being the only ones to get into double figures. The Kingston players were all disposed of for 87 runs. Robe again took the wickets and scored 141, of which J. OnA oack scored lift not out and .1. Mutrio 15. The match was decided | on the first innings. The-return mate!i will/" be played in Robe in about a fortnight. A cement pitch has been laid by tho Robe Club. | Tho cutters Tatiara and Kingston have each 1 taken full loads-of wool for the ship Aahmoie ! at Lacenede Bay. STANSBHRY. Monday. A public meeting was hold in the Institute -on Saturday to discuss-the adVisableness of liavbig-the-Jetty-long-thoiied-or-a-new-ono-put down in deeper water. Mr. A. Anderson, Chairman of the Fanners' Club, presided. Mr. Shannon, M. 1'., said it would not only be to tho advantage of the township people but to the whole of the Peninsula if the Jetty were in dooper water. He would do what he could in the matter. Messrs. K. Pitt and J. Cornish, ■ and others also spoke. ■TUMBY, Thursday. The hot weather has at last given place to a nice- cool uhange, and- last week—the wind blew very strongly from the south-east foT three days. Tho air was full of smoke from a largo fire, and so dense at times that the hills two or throe miles off were quite obscure. Rain threatened on Saturday and Wednesday, but the JveatberJias_again changed. Rain is .anxiously looked for early next month to give the grass a start, as the country is getting most "terribly -bare. The "first" boatload of wheat left on Tuesday -per' schooner for Messrs. W. Thomas &-Co. - During the windy weather three schooners sheltered in Ttimby Bay. The other two "have gone to Upson Cove for wheat. TWO WELLS, Tuesday. An inouost was held on Saturday. I9th inst., in the local Courthouse, on the fire which destroyed Flannigan's Commercial Hotel on the morning of the 18th; before Mr. -H. Sacomb, J. P. Corporal Hurley appeared on behalf of the police, and the Insurance Companies were represented by Mr. Youl. -The hearing occupied about four hours, and a number of witnesses were examined; but very little- -information as to the origin of the fire could be elicited, as there was no one but the landlady in the house at the time of the fire. After a short retirement the Jury brought in a verdict that there was no evidence -to show how-the-frre-originated.— WAR LA ROD, Tuesday. A good deal of hardship has been caused-by sundry glowing accounts which havo appeared ,...,gress-f nf Wallaroo and the prospects of employment for working men. The public have been re peatedly informed of the development of the smelting works here, and of the hundreds of men who would bo required. The consequence is that men are coming from all quarters only to meet with disappointment when--they get here. No fewer than seventeen wore ile walked from 1'ort „ lent-of-Anding work, -misled by these Inflated stories.—AU—thSSB men tell the same tale1-statements in the newspapers." There is,however, a little foun dation tor theae-optimistio statements.-The workaarebeing gradually extended, and a tow bends are being taken on from time to time,. but there is nothing to warrant a rush.— • YORKETOWN, Thursday. Harvest thanksgiving service&pvere; held in' the WeBlevan Church on Sunday last. The Rev. C. H. Nield conducted the morning service. In the evening-the .Church was -crowded, when the Rev. G.~ E. Wbeatley preached. On Monday the annual public tea was hold in the Institute, and the Rev. G. E. ^Wheatley—lectured on "Ghosts" bofore a large aird appreciative audience. Great inte T68t was—taken-In-thoao 8QrviGSB,-and—the results were verv satisfacforv: Many x>f the "blockers" on Lake Fowler ] ~are working - their selections—with- energy-and judgment. Already a considerable quantity of salt is on the shore. . 