The February Magazines. From Mr H. H. Paynter's variously and excellently stocked establishment we have received-a budget of February's magazines. 'Pearson's' is undoubtedly the one that will appeal most forcibly to goldfielders, because of the variety of its varied contents bill and the beauty and finish of its numerous illustrations. One of the principal features in the present number is the article wherein Herbert C. Fyfe 'discovers' the original Garden of Eden, the said discovery taking place in Somaliland. The series ' Artists and Their Work' is continued, the latest contribu tion dealin? with artists' studios, Sir E. J, Paynter, and wasted art. Cutcliffe Hyne tells further adventures of that most popular figure in present day fiction, Captain Kettle, while .'The Real Ghost Story' is just about creepy enough to satisfy the most morbid imagination. Two splendid articles entitled 'How Soldiers Fight,'and 'The Light Weights,' and 4 Naval Warfare, are contributed by F. Norreys Connel and George Griffith respectively, while the articles 4 New Kings on Old Thrones,' ' Freaks,'' Trout Farming,' and * Totems' are all of them exceptionally interesting and in structive. The short story section is in the hanris of A. J. Dawson, Merriden Howard Frank Aubrey, ?nd Charles K. Burrow—and a perusal of their stories satisfies one that, on the who:e, those hands are most capable. It is almost unaccountable that such an excellent publication as ' Chapman's Maga zine' is not more generally read. The absence of illustrations, doubtless, offers an explanation. The number before us includes among its contributors Leo Tolstoi, Stephen Crane, Beatrice Heron-Maxwell, H. W. Lawrence, Peter Marley, A W. Cooper, Philiip Fitz reimund and G. E. S Coxkead. Need mo e he said 1 Anyhow, 'Chapman's' for February is about the most interesting pamphlet we have struck so far this year. ' The Strand,' true to the lines long since laid down for its conduct, turns out a veritable museum. Road skates, royal menu?* trade trophies, curious marks, and a host of other out-of-the-way matters and things are dealt with in an eminently interesting manner. 4 The Winged Assassin,' being the latest contribution to 'The Brotherhood of the Seven Kings' series, is the most enthralling piece of fiction in the number, while the storyettes of Jules Mary, G. M. Robins, W. W. Jacobs, and Victor Whitechurch are all of them well worthy of perusal. Grant Allen treats his readers to a number of interesting glimpses of nature, and an illustrated interview with Caran D'Ache, the French caricaturist, together with Henry Lucy's parliamentary gos- ip, j o far to making the number a really excellent one. 'The Railway Magazine' is a pamphlet chock full of articles dealing with all phases of railway life—a most instructive number withal. The magazine is published 'for all who travel by tiain,' though its inclination to be a trifle heavy-defeats its object. The very lightest of literature is what is wanted by the train- traveller, and technicalities are taboo. Nevertheless, the ' Railway Magazine' will be read from cover to cover with interest by ' the man at home.' 