MATADOR'S LOVE. TO-MORROW (be fiesta of San Pablo and San Pedro is to be the occasion of a specially fine bull-fight, in the Bucareli Plata de Toros, for the benefit of the popular matador, ' El Joven de Bar celona'-otherwise Josg de Garcia. For considerably mote than a week, Jost hat been borrowing money from each and every one of his friends-such of them at have money, that is-for the purpose of getting up a more than usually elaborate costume. After much thought, he bad decided on violet, gold, and silver as being best suited to his rather light complexion and hair. Now the costume was spread out before him and ready for use, save for a few finishing touches. These Anita will attend to for him, per haps, if she happen to be in a good bumor. But Anita, as Jos ? reflected with a sigh, was somewhat dificil- she did nothing whatever without bribe or, pay. How different from Carmen-poor little Carroencita! Now, had it so pleased him, Carmen would have flat tened her pretty body in the mud for him to trample on. And of a verity, he had trampled on her 1 Bull-fighters do not know remorse as a usual thing, but Josg came very near feeling it, as he sat staring at his beautiful costume and thinking of Carmen. How badly he had treated her from the first 1 Then she had been the sweet, shy twvia of his friend Enrique, the picador. Then they were fighting in one of the Basque provinces, where there were many pretty girls, of whom Carmen, though very shy and cold, was the prettiest of all. Josfs lips curved scornfully when he remembered how Enrique had loved her. ' Caramba-the fool, so to love a woman I I did well, yes,' to give him the dagger.' Josl had ' given him the dagger' one beautiful fiesta night, after the corrida dt toros, when the blood of both men was heated and coursing quickly after many copitas of the fiery red basque wine. On account ot Carmen, of course. How it fired by Oarmen's indifference, per haps also-by the fact that she was the . sweetheart of Jiis friend, Jos6 had been making love to her with all his might and «iain, meeting in response indifference ..and disdain. 80 that, his fiery Basque 'blood fully up, Jos6 swore that she should » lovjB him and that he would take her * away from Enrique, even though he perished in the infierno for.it. To pay ner out for her coldness to him, the most popular matador in Spain, be would make her love bim, even t, as women had done before now, and Enrique would drop ber. Then he, too, would scorn and leave her. And serve her right 1 That any woman should dare treat him, Jos£ de Garcia, with indifference 1 It was not difficult to arouse Enrique's suspicion. A few red roses, a crimson 'by joad among^ts cantitta friends and then left anonymously at Carmen's home, did the work. Poor Carmen never knew. She was working industriously, day after day, sewing and embroidering on what she thought would be her bridal garments. For Enrique bad asked her father, and ber father .had, said 'yes.' And the marriage was to take place before the matadors went away from Santa Maria de Biscay. Of course, she knew that something was wrong with tEnrique; never giving Jos£ a thought, beyond anger at his impertinence, she could not understand what was the matter. But Latin women are ujed to beat and cold-they accept such things uncomplainingly, and all they can do is to steal away to some little chapel and pray that the Virgin, who under stands'die hearts of women, may make aU right again. , late one evening, when Carmen was in die chapel saying ber rosario, Enrique stole to her home and watched steal thily from the rose thickets. He did not see Carmen, though he knew she j must be thefe. But he did see Jos6 swagger down the lane and wait outside Carmen's window, with rec roses in his hnnifa. That was enough I Then he went back to the village and drank quietly, steadily, until when, late at night, Jost came in, warbling a Spanish love-song, with a red rose on his breast. Enrique flung his wine into the nrnta-, dor's face and screamed furfously : " bin \ verguenza / Ladton f . Tbere were cries of rage; the crash ing of glasfes, as tables and chairs were jfnorfc"! over; the flash of a quick dag ger; and heaving, panting groans as En rique jell dying under the feet of his boyhood's fhepd. Jos6 had to flee from Santa Maria, I secretly, in the night. And Carmen went with him. With the cunning of the diablo himself, it had been represen ted to hpr by bribed friends that the quarrel and fight were over another woman and that Jos£ had been defend ing her own rights as the betrothed of Enrique. After that, it was plain sail ing for Jos6. Carmen went with him to Madrid, and, as he was just the type of man to inspire wild, unreasoning, un thinking love jn a woman, Carmen's love for him grew day by day until she 'came to feel nothing else-no other thought entered her mind but Jos6, Jos£* Those days in Madrid, before he had ceased. to c!are for her! Even now, Jos6 could not remember them without a tingling of tfce blood. For no woman had ever loved him as Carmen had. In so many, in all ways she had proved it the time when he was badly gored' in the San Sebastian bull ring, and they thought he might die. He wondered now, with a small thrill of amused, gra tified vanity, if Carmen had ever rested for one moment during the weeks that the wound had so tried him. In the moments of the worst , pain, she had never stirred from his side; holding him close, and soothing him with all the r love-words a Spanish mother lavishes on her little one, she had tried to help him to bear it and doubtless had suffered far more than he. And when lie was getting better, how had she managed to provide the delicious food that she brought him every day ? because he had >aved no money-trust a matador for that. She roust have pawned every garment and bit of jewelry that she owned. In Madrid he had deserted her to come to Mexico. That was four years ago. Sometimes he rather regretted it. Carmen had loved him so much as to tire him, but still she had always been willing, nay, anxious to work her fingers off for him. If he had no money, she would get it for him. There was never a word of reproach when he reeled home, drunk as a lord-or a bull-fighter. She had done all that a woman invariably does for a worthless man. And he had repaid it-yes. For the fraction of a moment, Jose was almost sorry for it all. Now he must go out and buy some thing for Anita, putting her in a good humor so that she will sew the rosettes on his iraje for to morrow. But, alas 1 investigation of his pockets reveals not a uniavo, not even the ghost of a centavo ! And when he broaches to Anita the question of her buying and arranging the rosettes, that lady jeers at him-she is busy, and has something better to do than waste her few ccntovos on a pauper of a torero. Therefore, with curses both loud and deep, the angry tnatador per force has to pawn his precious cigarette case, to obtain the wherewithal to pay a tailor to do the work. ! The fiesta day of Saints Peter and Paul dawns clear and bright, and such of Josfi's friends as he meets during the morning congratulate him on the fine weather, ' so good tor the fighting,' and wish him butn suette. They are all going, they promise; and if he kills El Diablo-the big Andftlusian bull pro vided specially for Josd, who hates the Mexican animals-in a fitting and ap proved manner, they will tender Jose a banquet, pero magnifu o, that night. The enormous Plaia de Toros is packed, both sot and sombra, when Jos6, in all his war-paint, strolls _ languidly through the private entrance, just as the trumpets have blown for the dragging out of the first bull, rather bunglingly killed by El Muchacho. The latter is not a favorite, and the great packed ring hoots and jeers at him, with many scorn ful remarks as to his appcarance, looks, manners, and so on, with derisive tink lings of cow-bells. Poor Muchacho! j The band is playing an exquisite swinging Spanish danza, seeking to allay thereby the impatience of the people, who are shouting and stamping and calling for 'El Joven 1 El Matador 1' Josfe likes to keep them waiting«-tt makes them appreciate him all the more when he does arrive. Now while they are stamping and shouting and calling eargerly for hira, he is calmly smoking a big black cigar, surrounded by an admir ing crowd of ptcadores, capcadotes, and the like. And not until that same cigar is smoked down to a stud does he regret fully throw it away and move towards the matador's entrance to the ring. Another loud blare of the trumpets, renewed hand clappings, and the band begins the ' Diana' amid loud applause from the great expectant crowd, as Jose appears, bis face flushed with pride and delight at his reception. Flinging down his three-cornered hat and laying his hands upon his breast, he bows low all around to the«cheeting throng. Then one of the eapa men hands him some banderillas, and he takes his position at one side of the ring, waiting for the Spanish bull which he is to handle alone, both with banderillas and sword. Then, with a crash, the gates are flung open and the ring men, eapeadors, bande tilleros, and all, tumble hastily back over "he barriers as, with a wild roar that seems to shake the earth, the huge, mad black beast plunges out of the darkness ^ of his pen into the big, sun-scorched" ring, ilis great hoofs tear up the ground as he rages on, his red eyes glare about him, and his furious bellowing sounds over even the music of the band. Jose watches the brute as he tears around and around the ring, and smiles wickedly* The madness, fascination, of the fight is on him; his blood races in quick spurts through his veins j with tighter grip on his banderillas, he moves nearer the centre of the ring. Now the bull catche* sight of him. With a, loud roar, shaking and lowering i his great head, he plunges at the mata? 1 dor, horns down. It looks a near tiling, j one can almost see the great, curving I ' horns pass through and through the motionless man; but, by a hair's breadth, they sweep by. Another wicked bellow from the bull as he j stamps and paws and rages, and Josd is at a safe distance, smiKng triumphantly as the crowd burst* into wild applause over the beauty of his stroke. For the gay redand-yellow-barbed instruments I stand out with almost mathematical j precision from felie huge blaelc bulk of the toro. A fine stroke, indeed I . Three times are the banderillas put in, and the bull is in ft passion of^ wild fury, ragej>and agony combined. Blinded by the dust, and the blood that Is pour ing down from his torn, quivering neck and shoulders, bellowing with pain, panting, pawing, and tearing at the ground, he is nevertheless foiled In Ins every attempt to get at hi* tormentor, I who is mocking and torturing liiw with ! flapping red cloths and dorislve, jeering j motions. But enough of the banderillas-now 1 for the sword work. With a smiling nod, the matador accepts the sword that is hastily handed to him from behind a barrier, and, sheathing it iu his satin cloak, leaps backward to avoid the rush of the bull as lie comes madly on, head down, evidently realizing what the sword is for. Charge after charge is made, and avoided by tho matadur, who has never in all his bad life fought with the superb skill and beauty of now. The audience is enchanted. From hoarse, hysterical screams of joy and applause, accompanied by showers of dollars and purees and flowers from the beautiful women in the boxes, the tfirong has now passed into absolute silence, breathless, watching every movement, paralyzed with delight at the magnificent struggle below between well-matched Spanish matador and Spanish bull. ' But at last the maladur sees that the bull is exhausted; he must kill-the play cannot last longer. With a quick movement to one side, lie poises himself on tiptoe to give the death-cut in his own peculiar manner-the-cut that has made him famouB. As he' lifts the gleaming blade, like a flash there comes to him the thought of the old Spanish eorral in Barcelona where he had learned and practiced that stroke, with Enrique and other Spanish muchachos applaud ing from the walls, oven as this Mexican and peon assembly are applauding now. Poor Enrique ! A superstitious feeling of remorse has hardly time to pasB over his murderer before the bull is plunging on in another mad rush, quivering with rage, eyes and head covered with blood, and flinging out great flecks of foam as he charges. The matador leaps forward and poises the sword on a straight line with the heaving, torn neck of the bull ; he sees with delight that it will just touch the vital point, and smiles, thinking that it will be the cleaneBt cut he has ever given in the ring-the bull will die in two seconds In that very moment, in less than the twinkling of an eye, there comes thrill ing to him, freezing the smile on his lips and making him shake and quiver with fear, even as does the great animal now almost upon him, the sound of a voice, high-pitched, revengeful, sweet with the southern Basque accent: ' Sin verguenxa ! Ladron !' Paralyzed with fear and superstition, almost iooking for ths murdered En rique to appear, the matador stands motionless, unable to move or defend himself. Before the people can realise that something is wrong, the bull, with tri umphant bellowing, is grinding and trampling under him a limp reddened mass of violet and gleaming gold and silver. Men and women and children are cursing and fainting and weeping but to no avail, the matador 3os6 will give no more death-thrusts. When the poor, trampled dead body is reverently carried out later, a woman intercepts the bearers. She is Spanish, dark and beautiful, and very calm and still. She tells them simply that the matador was her husband-she will go with them. Composed, with trampled body straightened and shrouded, the matadot Jos£ lies, seven hour later, crowded over with flowers and surrounded by candles. And huddled against the bed, a tiny Spanish dagger buried up to its hilt just below her soft throat, the same woman is lying. No one knows who she is or where she came from. That she is Spanish, they know from the Toledo dagger, and the blue-black of her hair, and that her name is Carmen they learn from the en graving on the ring that she wears-a present from Jos£ after' beating her for the first time, in Madrid. That is all thev ever know !-GILBERT CUNNINGHAM, in tne Argonaut. 