" THE MAH IN THE STREET." By "ICARUS." The pawnbrokers of Melbourne complain of the provisions of the Usury Bill, and especially that which lowers the rate of interest. Strange to say. they have not met with so favourable a reception from the Attorney-General as, under the circumstances, could have been expected. Mr. Isaac Isaacs apparently has never been compelled to raise a temporary loan by pledging his "ticker," or running his Sunday clothes "up the spout," since it is a fact apparent to all men that he wears his "go to meeting clothes" every day. He seems to think that 8d. per £ per month means a very fair thing to the pawnbroker, in view of the fact that he has always tangible security for his advance. And, indeed, 475 per cent, would seem in these depressed times to be a fair working profit. According to the deputation, however, it simply spells ruin. We wait with some anxiety the sudden influx of the pawnbrokers into the bankruptcy announcements. Thepawnbrokers'deputation was followed by one from the banks. Now, what possible connection could'there be between the two? A bank, as everybody knows, is a philanthropic institution, principally conducted by the Caledonian persuasion, for the benefit of struggling mankind. Unfortunately the real meaning of the interview will never be known, since, with a modesty which is altogether praiseworthy, the representatives of capital insisted on the strictest privacy. But there can be no doubt that they went •with tears in their eyes to implore that the rate of interest chargeable on mortgages might be reduced. The banks don't want to grab the hard earned money of the borrower. They don't want to wear his heart out with the payment ot' interest. No, let them foreclose on the security, and they ask no more. Mr. Charles Rose, the pvimo tenorc of "he unfortunate " American Girl," has beer, laying his grievances before the public in two newspaper letters, which serve to show that, unlike the usual run of musical people, he possesses a distinct vein of humour. This was probably the cause of his ill-success with the libretto of which he gives some amusing samples. It certainly is rough on any man to have his best song prefaced by such an antiquated gag as this:— " Hav0'^jO£r>Jieard my last song ? " I hope so," '"I'V, A galltr^ w%l; misj& such an obvious . fis ,t would hardly be wtyithy 'of th^ Same. The worst production is thaTT^n additional slur has been cast upon the colonies by the description bf the piece as "an Australian play." Why, in the name of Heaven, should every bit of inferior goods that cannot sell on its own merits be labelled with this perpetual " Made in Australia ?" The English butcher who tickets his unsaleable meat with the same legend is not a -whit less dishonest. But this, we presume, is an Australian play,-because the scene is laid in England, because the heroine is an American, and because the dialogue may have passed current as original in the glacial period. Stay a moment—there is' an original joke about fragments of a lq&t; terrier being found in a boardinghouse sausage. Perhaps the Australian flavour lingers about that sausage. Somehow or other, the actor seems to have struck a particularly hard streak of luck just now. While the Princess' audience was howling down their own show, the performance of" LaFille de Madame Angot" at the St. George's Hall was exposed to even more humiliating interruption. The extraordinary circumstance is that it did not, as mual, proceed from the band, but from the person who had lent the score, and who, with a fine disregard of the proprieties, insisted upon the sum of £4 being handed over before he allowed the performance to proceed. The management were, naturally, busy, and had no time qo attend to these paltry details, whereupon the aggrieved one swooped on the copies of the- score, and thenceforth the performance proceeded from " memory." The last time that "Madame Angot" was produced in Melbourne, the band struck— and was paid out of the proceeds of the house. On this the company struck, and as the ghost had ceased to walk, the whota opera, principals and chorus, was given by about four people. In spite of all the efforts of the Victorian Railways department, the beastly public will persist in the objectionable practice of travelling on the railways. And the public, being naturally thickheaded, fails to recognise that if it wants to bother the department it must take the consequences. Within the last week a passenger has had the abominable audacity to write to the papers complaining that his daughter was hauled out of a railway carriage and exposed to 'the contemptuous glances of the whole train, merely because the ticket raider made a mistake about her ticket. This individual must be forced to understand that to make mistakes is the real business of a railway employ^. It is what he is expected to do, and we have no hesitation in saying that for a true conception of his duty, and a solid determination to carry it out to the utmost, the railway employ^ has no superior—and few equals. We like this idea of the education test as applied to immigrants. There is a fine, breezy way of wandering from the subject about it which smacks of true political genius. By all means let UB safeguard the sanctity of these Victorian shores by .requiring each visitor to write in his own hand and in any European language not less than forty lines of any English author, to be selected by the Customs official. The test, if it has no other effect, may induce some of the Customs officials to enter upon the study of English literature; but it will be terribly hard on some of our most respected citizens if ever they happen to indulge in a Beazley-cum-Bennett trip abroad. What, for instance, would be the result in the case even of our talented Attorney-General if suddenly desired to copy out jn English forty lines of Mr. Fitz Gibbon's latest poem ? Mr. T. W. Norris, chemist to the Live Stock Ailments Company, lias produced a compound called "Salvltis," for which very successful curative properties are claimed for the aliments of each particular class of live stock. It is said to be capable of easy administration, and in all respects -well, designed to meet the requirements of every class and condition, of stock jmd'stock owners. A notification in " connection with the remedies appears In another column, . 