THE^UGHTTHÂTCâSTS NO ' SHADOW. CORlotJS 'Stories are told abont the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who ¡iva t|i «mung the liinia'nyn mountains. These old men, it is said, Imve devoted scores of year» lo the study of natural laws ind forces, which the rest oí the world knows nothing about. Lalerly a German .professor visited the " pdepis," a* th- sit queer Hindus are called, für the parpjse of ii iding out the secret of theil remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the sun . One day tba professor wanted lu axaiuine some ancient Knnskirt manuscripls. Au adept went with him io a cave wherein the books «ere kept. The place was <inrU os the bottom of a . well. " Tcant sec to read here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediate-y (the professor say«) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. Ile could not tell «hence il came., but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it raft nut th', ilit/lirat sha'lMi. This is a story hard to lielieve, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, a.nd you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all thc lights VJ" hav.; seen have cast shadows. Helief or unhel'ef commonly runs parallel willi one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed nt thc- account of th« fas on earth quake, yet credited the tail of the Cock Lane ghost. ' A mun who has Uren ill for yeaiâ. ami failed to lind a cure, i.-, sceptical when friends tell hitn of a medicine which they hl:licve will make him well. What els.- but doubt could result from hi» experience? Take an example : - - " In the spring nf iSSS." writes our corres pondent, "I fed into a low, weak, and languid slate. I fell low-spirited and out of soils. At tir.-a my semiacl, wa i deranged, my appetite poor, and aller caring 1 had pain and weight al the ch- ' t. T was much troubled with wind, and fr-.rcpi.'iitly spat up a sour tUiiù, :;lso I itter i iie. Lal r on 1 suffered fnnu nci-vousne.,5 and great depiessinn of spells. Í key/, np with my work, lint had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this « .y for two years, nothing that I look rciiewni; me. At labt I hearl ol Mother Sei^.-'.V. Symp, und pro cm".-.1 a fi -1 p ( 1 /. Ar:ci I h.u¡ t ken only a. few i!o.;es I found ie def : my food dieted, gradually all nerve'.nn s» h fi me. Although Í had no reason at first lo lee! any confidence in this medicine, ii"v r hamer used il or seen i! used. I now pt.-i.Hy ?»lm:l ¡ls value, and hs pi^vei ovei .lipase. <hi-. m.- ive a. ry, {or wnicii I than'.* .Motlier -sei:-'-'. Curative Svrup, I ha\e been in th : U-t M health and [?puns. In the in'e eats ol sul|i-rin:; liunanity I d em il a dm Y to saw you this testimony. ?>i,;n..-.l) U. Grifhlhs, lad i and onlliti.'r, Hi. 'lockley Hill, ¡íirm;iu;!iaia, .hine Stli, 'I re-re H a desi of difference 1 ct ween Mr. (.ri:;! h's candid let lor and lil" story ab ut i lie l:ch' thal casi 11-? rhadow. Trie Ia'ier .nav Iv tri;- encuçh, luit il ran;. V be verified .vilh'iiit lil-,re trouble than us w.rtli. On th-: other h.in Í w e ¡uve a i ras: v. oi :hv witiv ss, -ah ' will ans-.vei ietu-is of ¡ü'p.iiry, and can be lound at his aiUUtss. 1-hi.ally, there i- nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seidel's (.'nr.Kive Syrup, lt acts on tile th' or)' that mes! ailments are bur svrnpioins. [onus. Or phase, of that universal .disease - indigc .lion and dyspepsia ; it cu-es tba', and throws ih- li¡;h¡ of health and happiness ever hearths .and nonar . where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people Indicie all that is told ol' its success by eager « huestes. Youi' "watch thoroughly cleaned and regulated at li. ii. lloss aud Co.'e, Talbra (jar-street. for 5s ; 12 uionths guarantee. THE WARU UN COKE.-Mr. ISoultbee arrived in Warren 1 <st week and inspected the bore. Ile found tho pressure to be the saute as we pre viously .stated, namely 20 pounds to the situar» inch. He obtained three samples of rock from lite born and stint them ou to tho Government Geologist, Mr Pitman, for analysis. Mr. Uoultbee himself seems satisfied that beil-rock has been reached. Since Mr. lloultbeo's visit, the Mayor re ceived a communication from the Government Geologist, stating that .the samples sent him cousisted of grains of quartz, with fragments of felspar too finely divided to warrant an expression of opinion on il,. If a soli 1 sample could bo obtained lie would be able to decide satisfactorily. ]t bus been found impossible to ob tain the sample required by tho Government Geologist. At a special meeting of tho Council held last week, I it was decided to continue the boring j still farther. Very little progress bas ! bpcn made during the week, tho I averaee rate <:f boring being about j one foot in '24 hours The present depth is about K-35 feet.-HERALD. 