LOCAL AND GENERAL A Stupid Interruption. — Dr. Tanner is not to be congratulated on his vociferation the other night in the House of Commons of Vive la France. The occasion was that of a spe-ch delivered by Mr. Chamberlain, insisting on the necessity that a firm attitude should be maintained towards the aggressive spirit displayed by the French in Africa. It would be unfortunate, in deed, if, as Dr. Tanner seemed to suggest, Ireland were thrown back upon the delusive hope that in former years turned her eyes towards France. Her true reliance is on the justice of the people of Great Britain, through which sooner or later she will gain her cause. Action like that of Dr. Tanner, though no doubt proceeding from some momentary impulse more or less groundless and foolish, by recalling sus picions that had been in great part allayed, conld only do mischief. France, too, has enough to occupy her in looking after her own affairs, and it would be well if she could do that with credit to herself. Under the conditions shown by her at present the country must needs be badly off that should rely on her good offices or generous sacrifices for an amelioration of its for tunes. The Conscription. — The hint of re trogression conveyed in Lord Lansdowne's admission that some form of compulsion would, if necessary, be resorted to in connection with the militia or military forces of the country is decidedly startling. Conscription in any shape or form where the United Kingdom was concerned, was supposed to have gone out finally; and beyond all chance of recall, with the press gangs. Nothing more than the admission referred to seems to mark the change of the times, or to suggest that notwithstand ing her boasted sovereignty of the seas the country is little more at least than on a level with her neighbours. An Evil Conscience. — What, meantime, as to taking advantage of the resources that Ireland possesses at the time of pres sure that seems to threaten ? Is not the fear that shuts that country out from the volunteer movement at the hour of need much to be deprecated P Now, too, when the constabulary force has been so much reduced, additional supplies should be available. This, however, comes of refus ing to concede to a nation its just demands. The conscience of the rulers so acquitting themselves must needs he troubled, and they naturally dread reprisals that in their secret heart they could not condemn. The Government that carries Home Rule will he of better spirit, and will find in Irish allegiance their full justification. Mr. Charles' Consultation. — As the day of drawing approaches, W.A. Tatter- sail's (J. Charles') consultation on the Australian Cup is receiving great attention from the sporting and speculative public throughout this as well as the Eastern colonies. The hour of closing will he 9 p.m. on Monday, 28th February, and the drawing as usual will take place in the presence of the public. An Unfortunate Occurrence. — Among the untoward events of the moment not the least has been the blowing up in Havana harbour of an American man-of- war, named the Maine, that had put in there, Several lives were lost, and injury and panic were widespread. How the accident occurred remains doubtful. In quiries, however, will he made — one being conducted independently by the Govern ment of the United states. As to the feeling that has been excited a hint is given by the fact that it has been thought necessary to take special precautions for the protection of a Spanish cruiser which has put in at New York. The strained relations that had already existed, touch ing the Cuban affair, between America and Spain are not likely to be improved by the occurrence referred to. Indeed Spanish expressions of regret have been taken in ill-part and resented by Americans as over- demonstrative and suspicious. Condolences from other quarters, including Australia, have been gratefully received — especially those expressed by Her Majesty the Queen. The situation, meantime, remains doubt ful. The Centenary of '98. — A celebration of the Centenary of '98 by Irishmen, and no d jubt their sympathisers, took place in London on Saturday. Among all the commemorations of the event none can be more significant than this held in the very centre of the enemy's stronghold. Had this been foreseen a hundred years ago, the chances are that the prime actors in the nefarious undertaking, then in its earliest stage, would have staid their hands. We may at least give them the benefit of the doubt, which admits that they probably believed that by sacrificing Ireland they were advancing the interests of then- own country. Even they might perceive that this could not be done by creating a situ ation which should last for one hundred . yeart as a source of dissension and weak ness. Better times, however, are fore shadowed by the fact that the celebration now made, as we are told with enthusiasm, has been understood by tiie English masses, and has evoked the sympathy of many of them. This celebration in London has, we repeat, oeen or special importance. Bo3us Irish History.— The Morning Herald in a fancy sketch, published by it in comment on the cablegram reporting the celebration in London of the '98 Cen tenary, attributes to the insurrection the result of bringing about the union. This, however, is, as the old saying goes, to put the cart before the horse. The insurrec tion was not the cause of the union, bnt the design to bring about the union, let it cost what it might, was the cause of the insurrection. If the Herald's historian would for example, refer to Leckv, instead of relying, as he palpably has done, on his own inner consciousness, he would find that as long before the insurrection as the year 1792, a legislative union of the countries had been freely mentioned. The friends of |Ireland opposed it, and their predictions have since been amply justified. Burke said it would not be for the mutual advantage of the two Kingdoms ; Grattan maintained that it would be fraught with the worst consequences not only for Ire land but for the empire ; Curran said it would mean the emigration from Ireland of every man of consequence, a participa tion in British taxes without British trade and the extinction of the Irish name as a people. One more wily, nevertheless, had the change at heart. Pitt wrote to the Lord Lieutenant as follows, in reply to a question that had been made in a dispatch : "The idea of the present fermentation gradually bringing both parties to think of a union with this country has long been in my mind. I hardly dare to flatter myself with the hope of its taking place, but I believe it, though itself not easily to be accomplished, to be the only solution for other and greater difficulties. The admission of Catholics to a share of suffrage could not then be dangerous. The Protestant interest in point of power, property, and Church Establishment would be secure, because the decided majority of the Supreme Legislature would necessarily be Protestant, and the great ground of ai-guuient on the part of the Catholics would be done away, as compared with the rest of the Empire they would become a minority. You will judge when and to whom this idea can be confided. It must certainly require great delicacy and management, but I am heartily glad that it is at least in your thoughts." The Lord Lieutenant as well as the Prime Minister was evidently anxious for the measure. How the Government and the Castle after wards proceeded to carry out their design is particularly recalled by the centenary now in course of celebration. Delicate Management. — Of how the delicacy of management recommended by Pitt was carried out Lecky also informs ns. Take, for example, the following details given by the historian in the eighth volume of his "England in the XVIII. Century." We recommend them especially to the historian of the Morning Herald: — "The burniug of houses which had been well known in the North was now commenced upon a yet larger scale in Leinster, and the free quarters formed a new and terrible feature in the system of military coercion. Horrible abuses and horrible sufferings inevitably accompanied these things. Many who resisted, and not a few, it is said, who did not resist, were shot dead on their' thresholds, while count less families were ' deprived' of all they possessed, and were driven homeless into the world. Farm horses were seized and carried away. 'Stores of provisions were broken : into and shamefully wasted or destroyed, and acts of simple robbery and purely wanton violence were of daily ^oc currence. Torture was at the same 'time systematically employed to discover arms; Great multitudes were flogged till they almost fainted' ; picketed and half-strangled to extort' confessions; Blacksmiths were the special objects of suspicion and ven geance, and, many of them were scourged almost 'to death in ' the streets of the vil lages' in' order to compel tlfeui to state what pikes 'they had made, and "to reveal the persons to whom they had consigned them: It had been the habit of the Ee- publican party iri lreland, as in France, to. cut short their hair as a distinctive' sign,' and the 'Croppies,' as they were termed; were an obvious mark' for military vio lence. The torture of "these men' soon became a : popular amusement among the soldiers. Some soldiers ;'of the'1 North Militia are said to have invented the pitched cap of linen and brown paper, which was fastened witli burning pitch to tlie victim's head, and could, not b.e torn off .without tearing out the hair or lacera-: ting the skin. One soldier obtained a special reputation by varying the torture.. He was accustomed to cut the hah of the victims still shorter, to rub into it moistened gunpowder, and then set it on fire. Sometimes also an ear or a portion of an ear was cut off. All this went on in the proclaimed districts without inter ference and without restraint. . Outrages on women were very common. . . . Particular instances of atrocious sufferings were often related. More than one victim died under the lash. Floggings to extort confessions appear to have been nowhere more extensively or more suc cessfully practised than in Dublin itself, under the very eyes of the Government, and under the direction of men who Avere closely connected with it. In the country whole villages were deserted, and the in habitants slept in the ditches and in the fields through fear of the outrages of the yeomen. ... In reading such narra tives Ave seem transported from the close of the eighteenth century to distant and darker ages, in Avhich the first conditions of civilised society had not yet been at tained, and to which its maxims and reasonings are inapplicable. When Emmet was asked what caused the insurrection, he ansAvered 'tlio free quarters, the house- burnings, the tortures, and the military executions in the counties of Kildare, ri'lnvv nnr! Winfclnw 9 99 A Triumph for Home Eule. — "First blood" for the Liberals, and a distinct triumph for the Home Eule cause — thus (says the Dublin Freeman) the result of the electoral contest at Plymouth must be fairly regarded. The Plymouth fight Avas in one respect the most important of the series now proceeding. It Avas the first to be decided, and the verdict cannot fail to exercise considerable influence on the results in the four other English constitu encies. Mr. Mendl has not only retained a doubtful seat for his party under cir cumstances of exceptional difficulty, but he has placed the liberal candidates else- Avhere under a debt of gratitude. Mr. Ivor Guest Avas only beaten by 164 a'otes in one of the heaviest polls ever recorded in the "double-barrelled" constituency. Mr. Mendl at the very outset made it clear that, whoever else might falter or hang back, there Avould be no shirking the issue for him. He not only proclaimed his belief in Home Eule as a principle, but Avillingly promised that it should not be relegated to the region of academic theories while he had a vote or any influence within the Liberal Party. As a consequence, the Irish electors heartily supported him ; Irish meetings Avere held in his favour ; and the organisers and leaders of the Irish National movement in Plymouth worked day and night for the Home Eule cause, Avith the result announced. All this reaffirms the lesson taught by the bye-elections which have taken place since the prorogation of Parliament. Without the active support of the Irish Home Eulers in England the Liberal Party will never have the ghost of a chance of return ing to pioAver. A Scientific Problem.— The tides on the South and Soutli-Avest coast of this colony (says the Esperance Chronicle) have always been difficult to estimate. Mr. Nolan, avIio has had four years experience in the harbours on this coast, has aa'atclied the tides carefully at Bunbury, Esperance, and Israelite Bay during that period, and has found similar conditions at each of these ports. The data Avliicli he has been enabled to collect sIioavs that the effect of the moon on the tides is frequently counter acted by other conditions. A breeze from the land almost invariably gives a Ioav tide, Avhile a sea-breeze has an opposite effect, and produces a flood tide in spite of the position of the moon. Almost invariably the tides are low in the morning. The breezes have much more effect on the tidesthan the moon and completely govern the tides Avhen they are strong. High temperatures almost invariably pro duce Ioav tides in the morning. This Avould appear to be due to the cooling of the inland air at night and the usual conse quence of a land breeze during the night or early morning, The greatest diffei'ence between the maximum flood tides and the minimum neap tides during the year is about 5ft., but the .difference between them is usually only about 2ft. The Federal Convention.— rWith the agreement . on the financial provisions of the Commonwealth ' Bill, airnved . iit on Monday; the Convention at Melbourne has surmounted a chief point of difficulty, and hope for a successful termination of -their1; labours becomes brighter. It Avas Western Australia that stopped the jAvay,. Sir John . Forrest having " refused to accept .the proposal' of the'finaiiee committee that the Federal . Government should recoup this colony for such net loss, above the average loss of the other colonies, as it might sustain;' through intercolonial freetrader during the first five years of the uniform; tariff; Sir. John ; bad also rejected. , an alternative proposal that this colony. should be alloAved to 'make-up. its. loss l>y levying local duties ori ' selected lines of ! foreign goods, and that the duties should be abolished, not abruptly, but by: annual ; re ductions of 20 per cent., extending: over, five years. The matter was compromised; by Sir John's acceptance of the gradual reduction, ivliile he, .at. the. same time persisted in; rejecting the proposal for an additional' taxation of foreign goods, — Avliicli he said, avrs out of the question. The comp omise Avas accepted by all the other : colonies except : South Australia, aa'hose delegates made an obstinate but unsuccessful struggle against it. . Mr. Leake appears to have expressed himself during the debate Avith some inconsistency. He blamed Sir John Forrest for not accept ing the recouping proposal of the finance, committee. For his OAvn part, he added, . bethought Westralia, Avith her overflowing Treasury, could Avell afford to bear Avhat- e\fer loss there might be under the new offer. ' < Irish Local Government.— The Irish Local Government Bill, Avhich Avas intro duced into the House of Commons on Monday, appears to be liberal in its pro visions. The leading National and Home Eule members, Avith the exception of Mr. Davitt, have joined Avith the Unionists in accepting it. Mr. Davitt's reason for holding out is probably the fear lest the cause of Home Eule should be prejudiced. The bill, hoAvever, liberal though it may be, is still but a partial measure, and can not satisfy the national demands. It is summarised as folio avs : — Local administra tion is entrusted to county councils, urban' and rural district councils, and boards of guardians, the members of Avhich are to be elected on a parliamentary franchise. The /iAnn +-TT nAiiTirti'lc! o UQ OIOA fn n vi 1/n flenol LIU UJ wuuwm tVi iWiov UU uuvivi duties, the work of grand juries, and tlie management of lunatic asylums, and Avill deal with cases <f exceptional distress. Dublin, Belfast, Cork, Limerick. London derry, and Waterford are constituted county boroughs, with district councils to control the roads and collect the rates. The system of rating and the financial pi'ovisions are of an intricate nature. Occupiers of land are liable to the county rating, less the poor rates. The annual Imperial grant is <£730,000. An Illustration. — As an illustration of the incompetence of the system of Local Government proposed for Ireland to stand in the place of Home Eule, AA'e may take' an amendment proposed by Mr. Dillon to the Address-in-reply, and negatived Avith- out a division. The proposal Avas for the establishment of a Catholic University in Ireland, a proposal Avhich, Avhatever may have been the particular cause of its summary dismissal, could only be regarded as postponed to a more opportune time. This is a point on Avhich Catholics of all shades of political opinion, and many non- Catholics of no Catholic leanings, are agreed. The demand is as general and national as any demand Avell can be. It is a. demand too, particularly concerning the country, Avhose vital interests it affects, but in Avhich, beyond the bare question of abstract justice, people outside the borders of the country are not especially interested. Yet the settlement of the question depends upon the foreign voice and vote. Every question, in fact, of larger interest, and Avhich does not bear on local finance, or the lesser matters of order or benevolence, must still be carried out of the country to be decided by the indifferent and pre judiced majority across the channel. IIoav this fits in Avith the aspirations of a people for nationality, or a\'ith anything more than a cramped and hampered public spirit, tending t-OAvards denationalisation, may easily be divined. Mr. Dillon's amendment and its rejection, therefore, may serve as an instructive contrast. A Case for Mr. Chamberlain. — A consequence of the re-election of President Kruger is to be an affirmation by tlie Volksraad of the President's repudiation of the suzerainty of the .British Govern ment. Will this prove to be one of those advantages already in her possession, Avhich, according to Mr. Chamberlain, the country is to be firm in maintaining. The course folloAved in the matter may be suggestive as to the strictness Avith Avliicli Mr. Chamberlain's protest Avill be carried out. The Prevention of Grasshoppers. — Mr. J. S. Parkes, of Donnybrook, in Avriting to the Department of Agriculture in re ference to an article on insect pests in the Toodyay district, which appeared in a late issue of the Producers' 'Gazette and Settlers' Record, remarks upon the fact that the leaves : of the common : larkspur And castor., oil plant are. deadly .to; .the ; grass hopper, by. .which : they are much., relished. He states that lie' has found a border of the former planted' ; round an' onion field ' or orchard a most effective remedy. ' He also enclosses a cutting . from , a , , M elbourne journal describing a method of preventing grasshoppers ' ascending ; 'fruit trees, by. tacking an opossum skin, 'fur' side out; round the butt of the ; tree 'and 'doubling the lower edge. The. grasshoppers, ;it is sftited, congregate belovv the .sltin, Ayhieh stops them in their upward : march. Iri reference to this' communication ; the ento mologist of;: the Department reports that the fatal effect ,of , larkspur and castor oil ; plants , on grasshoppers and crickets, and more particularly . the adult insects, 'has often, been noticed1. ' 'Tying bandages round fruit trees Avould doubtless,1 Mri Lea'tliinks; protect them against young, .or Avingless insects, but jAvould , be no protection what ever against winged adults. . The German Mail Boat.— The German mail boat Prinz Eegent Luitpold arrived as expected at Fremantle on "Wednesday | afternoon, anchoring in Gage Eoads, close to ; :the , moles.; : : The , arrival excited great interest, and tlie; steamer Avas visited by a large number of ..people: ,The captain and officers AA'ere entertained" at a 'banquet in the ToAvn-hall by the Municipal Council. The yessel resumed her voyage to the East on Thursday. A Eeturning New Zealander. — A large number of New Zealahders assem bled at the Biver Wharf, Fremantle, on Tuesday afternoon to bid fareAA'ell to their esteemed comrade,! Miv 'Jack Philp,- who left on his Avay home by the Barcoo. Mr. Pliilp arrived here some two years ago from Timaru, and through ill-health is returning to Neiv Zealand. As the steamer moved aAvay from the "wharf three hearty cheers Avere given : him, and : all . ivished him a pleasant voyage and speedy re covery. 