chapter x n Thit both bate Ttntm stUMta. The time came when Finnic could mov* around the house, and he fretted not a little as to his future course. It nerflr oecnr+ed tc him, or his friends, that he would return to the school. At that institution there <tu little change. The Tiger never inquired for the bov, he may possibly have known—the means of knotting such thing? at the command of this -wealthy Spaniard -were far greater than that possessed by the city aecretservice: and it was an exceedingly curious fact—as stated by the chief of police —that Spanero bad gone on to the Chamber of Commerce once, as a total stranger, and made a mull fortune. He sold "futures" in consols. Three days after, a sailing packet came with the news that consols had dropped to such an extent that Spanero reaped a great bArvest It -was secretly understood that in some way Spanero was interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, but not the slightest clue could be obtained as to the nature of this interest These weeks were not without events. The man who kept the restaurant from whence the Tiger's meals were brought, bad a little private office in the rear comer. This small room was noticeable on account of It® bareness, the furniture consisting of two fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, but. ceiled. It had but one window, and that was unusually high and Email. If there were any place to store things in this little den it most have been in the wall by secret panel, for not even a box rested upon the floor. There was a door leading into the restaurant, and another opening to the allev at the rear. These doors are trimmed with spring locks, both opening from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not eeem to have, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped in accidentally repeated the accident. There was a waiter and he' was .deaf. The cook room was a rear room in the next building, connected by a awing door. This side of the square extended into the disreputable district, a sort of thieves' quarters. Every city has such sections, and usually in close proximity to the respectable city. In this building a part of the history we are narrating transpires. At 1 o'clock in the morning, two of the most interesting characters it will ever be our misfortune to meet occupy the grimy and insecure chairs mentioned as the furniture of the private room. One of these was the proprietor of the restaurant His round. Jumpy head and high bare forehead were surmounted with a closely cropped covering of hair—a strle cot at all in vogue at tfc&l; time. This man was probably forty-five years of age. The face was broad and brown, leathery, and lines rather than wrinkles crossed it, outlines of passion and sensuality. But his mouth waa not thick and animal, on the contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and lntennly determined. If the reader has in mind a picture of Spanero, let this individual be the contrary in feature. He was under hight, but stoutly built. His clothing ™ of dark gray atoll, old and greasy, and bis hands clumsy and repulsive. He-was* powerful man and a character. A candle was flaring in the room on a chimnjy cornice, and cast an unhealthy and unfavorable light upon this person and his companion. The latter was gaunt, tall and angular. Chest sunken, bald head, always covered by a consumptive-looking old -wreck of ft cap; he was of ashen- gray countenance, large, red-streaked eyes. When he moved, his limbs moved only. His nose was slightly Romanized, and bis teeth were waiting for the dentist of the future. He was a •pan, repulsive-looking creature, whom yon would rather not meet in the night without your club and a reliable dog. And yet, when he spoke, you listened to a •oft, kindly voice—a -voice which you would my you had heard before; and you would ransack memory to find the owner of the original—among all the gentlemen you had met In the put. On bis feet were sheepakin shoes, with wool left on the bottoms. The gaunt, thin-faced man. had a bad, - graveyard cough. "I datinaeee, Stub, -what ye do wT that - cough whin yeVe oos, . m f said the abort man, whose name, so far as Boston culturecould inform us, was "Speters." "What 'would I be doing with anything that I didn't want!" "Whut wild unymonbedoon wi' it—wha, man, yud shut it up." • "Yes, I do shut It op—and -with this!" •aid6tub,his lank face and large eyes aglow as be brought forth a email vial filled with pallets. k "Un whut mut it be thutr asked Bpetcra. . "That Is tie God that I wonidp. lam •afe when that is with me, and in danger •when it it not." I "Un it doont luk like opum." "But it comes from opium," replied Stab, "ao they teU me, end it works mighty quick, too, far in ten minutes r feel it tingle, and in iferaaty it puts iron in my blood." p "Bat, mon, it will kill thoo," ; "Can't do It too eoon, Speters, I would •ot mind that, fait the ghost* while I liver l* "You're axeken in yoT oqper story—DD yoa better luvs it Sloan." "Ibelieveyou. Epeters. .Imeta peir of lovarB the other night, and in my mind- was * dream of what took my child from me years ago—and I Itttkedup/arid sfire enough •there was my child what was (drowned—as Mgaalife, just «1-dreamed." # I f lhutehoof thutyejwpntJast much longer." ' "Yourrightegaln, for, upon my.aoul. <1 •awiefor^jnejnyjownpictare, as J.was jm .•quid Jianging to my mother!* apron airings In.pldCambridge,-* • ..-,71 . .-- ' ixA wimt«id ya nay to jwaej£fj#gked*3peta(s,iitittie*nln Whi^iajaB. ed4tp/haideaote.gi»veranl. : , "ldidnt aayji-word to myself.-J looked At myapi f and tnyacif looked atanetand upon my wmlit myaelfdldnt faint away)" ','Un mdooo't blame xnyaelf for that,*? mg- SMtedfipeten. ? f»*nr to a man who don't care when he tumbles ofT the wharf.'' "Why don't you tumble yourself offr"6atd Speters "Because 1 havent killed a Spaniard yetl" ivi Stub. "llov a care, Slith," said the other, with « heavy frown, "llev a care about the Spun yard. Our mon lie a Ppunyftrd." "And I knew that, too—or I wouldn't have liecn here." And so the interesting twnin sat and talked for a quarter of nu hour longer. It is not hard to see that Stub has l«*rii a man of parts, lli* language has hut a slight mixture of dialect,and even at this time accent and pronunciation pointed to no inconsiderable culture. The thieves vocabulary bad not yet been iuvented. But the language of Speters was still more of a puzzle—simply because his dialect was strained, ond evidently a poor attempt to reach the North England type. With all the depravity evident iu the make up ot Stub, there was no question but that Speters was the most desperate villain of the two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outer door, a key was thrust into the lock, and the Tiger entered. He glanced at Stub a moment, and tuning to Speters, said: "Is this the man?" "The man" had his oold, steal-gray eyes on the Tiger. It was not the glance that be had before cast upon a supposed ghost. It had something of strength in it. He took another pill. "This is the mun," replied Speters. "And has he done bis work to-night?" "Befoor wo abuswer thut cap," said (he short, stout villain, bringing bis small, serpent eyes upon the Tiger, "we will talk uv coomthing ulse." "Well, talk of what you want to, but get off from that biogue and do your practicing on the devil." "That is ail right, sir; but that is not what 1 have to n>y," returned the-villain, changing his method of speech. "If you have anything you wish to saybefore this man; go ahead." "It is before this very man," said Spefara, sullenly. Spanero walked across the floor, a heavy frown resting upon his face, "Drivaon,"h* muttered. "All I bare to say is a devil of a little. It is that we want to know the bilk in the glitter for us." "Have you not been well paid for your •ervicesr '.V<*>, weha'noot." 'Don't you get this d—d creak's nest for nothing)'' said Spanero. 'Whut o' that! Hev ye not crooked the bilk o' thousands here theeseTf 'Do I not pay you well for running this cooksbopt" "Anhevyenotyeroonspunintibs dishl" "Well, ont with it, man," sputtered Spanero, still walking back and forth. "If you haveanything to «y, let itont" "And I hev this to say, captain: 'If that ere mop is busted next week, he will hev hit thoord, and me will hev my tiioord, and ye will hev yoorthoord—and that is ell there betoif" "And if you don't get a fl' pnt aoUT" "Then pud an' B» wont, divide it up up ye." ' Spanero took this all very molly. He waited a moment and then drew a sjlrerxnounted pistol from his side coat pocket— one of the long^barreled, flint-lock weapons —took his handkerchief and polished the barrel as he said: "Speters, we will have no words about this job. You will do as I direct, and no grumbling, either. If you make uie trouble I will pig a bullet into your bead, and if you spout I will have you hung to -the bridge within an hour. by a mob—do you understand!" "No, I don't," returned the other. "Do yon want me toexplain!" asked Spanero, bringing the pistol to bear upon Speters'face. During thUeomewhat interesting proceeding Stub, who apparently was not acquainted with Spanero, sat with his chin on his breast and bis eyes closed. Hedidnotmise ; his lids even' under the inspiration of a possible row or even murder—such is a mannerism of the criminal class. Nor did Speters blink. In a cold, icy ton* he replied: " Spanero, if yon play me foul, as you havo another, you will be shaken out in an hour JinH your rookeries burned to the ground. Fat sp that.nonsense—I am not a'xaid of ye." "This weayon, Speters, is quicker than a knUe, and I propose to atop this grumbling atonoeand for all." "You'dof eaid Gpetere, sharply. "Else there will be war between us." "Then it will be war," replied the thidwt man carelessly, throwing one Jeg over the other, "Speters Is * beautiful name, isn't HI Kow, you have not told this man here your othername, lie looks likegentleman beaideyou, and I don't think you are a fit man . forhim toaesodalewitfa. Shall lintrodnoe yon to him!" "look out, Spaniard,'' eaid the villain arousing himself. "You ldll me, Speters, at yoor leisure; •ad when Idle a. letter will be opened at polioe headquarters of tblstity whi£h willaet every, one of these curaed new-fangled telegraphs in ^notion. Do you know what they wfll sayraaked the Tiger, fastening bis gray eyeeon the leathery face before Un. "No. . Whtt'a fttallaboot, asiyhosrl n : "Well, It's about summoning overy epy, detective and officer in this ^xjoniry to instant iduty." . VlljwsmJdr' "And than a United StatM.clipper cruiMr vnwldgoto France to ,mn the continut .and^Bngtand,". B tlAo/lwhat/orr" "To hangyou," said Spanaro. She villain raised bis eyes to the Span* land's face, «nd«»y looked .at each other ateadily.for a moment Then Bpeterslat fly »'fl«Jll" 'DT«a, they waatto find an assassin—on* *Uo Icills princee and breaks up crown jewels—seer . , - like a snake oncolling after a fright, the tense mrodes of «petersio«ettendhl»'knU. prow reltnes. .Then be says moodily: ^WhatwilltiHTdowlththe piitidm] in ,|kat««k°aaurr" > ' • • i ."Hesriilbedeail. You -wfll have Idllad him.". -. .-.,-. V ' •®panlard,potnpthatpistol. Eavaywnr .. Bpanero putitootof tightani tooved to I m M . '.•• •• •>•> • «Bpetera, Hnnle 4s «tfll at toe lawyer^ i ,iu»a». Iwant either yon -or thts inan to jooolc^iiin.'' , .r ! • i^i 1 . . fipacero wilhdrew aad ^ond door; toirnm^iattly.itqieceit it Again, ' /tbritt 'ln his v b(Mdanda^d: < ' '7- .. '• 'SWwi notohasganefai ifriilforth , a»tt*r *a]ceTit to his v n .snipoivvr* • ^Bp^MMmjaittUUwhat ^hefcrt^uitimtito . . >tn4fit jk ^nOUla cdlooal, jUf 0m, lifliXt and bis cheeks aflame. "It's the cough mediclner "IVas there something about Spanero that brought out the pi list" "Yes," replied Stub, "But I don'l know what It was." ' 'Then you don't know this hall braM" "No." " It is well; but did you get into the house?*' "Yes. I entered two of the rooms." "You're a cat." "1 inspected all the lighted rooms from the outside and from the projecting wlndo>rt. Two of the dark rooms J entered by a large chimney, in which there had been no Ares for a long time." "Wonderful! Did you locate the muniment roomV "Yes. and can get into it without breaking a wall or a lock." "Give it to us easy, Stub." "I' faith 1 s)Wnk the truth. I saw the kevs taken from a panel when I was in the room." "The devil 1" "Yes," 6aid Stub. "I stood In the fireplace, and, curse my miserable soul, If I didn't have to hustle to get there, when a fine old lady entered with a candle—and all that crowd In the other rooms, too.'' "Scrapsl" ejaculated the other man. "Yes, Speters, and, by the ragged St- Francis, the old lady looked right at me, squarely—and she didn't know it—I didn't have my party clothes on, you see." "She would have swom ahe looked at the devil!" "She unlocked a little panel in the oldfashioned wainscotted wall, and took out the keys. The jim end of my knife will force it, and there are but two doors to the vault It is off from an old dining-room—used in the old Dutch days. But the most singular thing was what I aaw in the crowd,through the windows—^the young woman who was with my spook—^the one that fainted away." "Spook r asked Speter. "Yes. The slimlns with the big eyes. The other one of myself. "Wonder if that spook fsnt Pinniet" "The chap what the boss wanted us to pnt under cover?' "That's the chick, Stub." "Well this fellow will not go under sod again—not until Igol" Well, let us go hence," said Speters, suddenly changing the subject Without a word the two men puwd out into the restaurant room. Tbey efleotly WBoded their ray behind a Ifquor counter, lifted a trap door, imd, in tbe darkness, *iie&tlr; dropped to the cellar below. Without ctuQibling over any of the mi* merouc kegs and cads, the Tjllaloons ttreit made thefr *rmy to the corner of the cellar, directly under the private room tbey fand recently left. Speters scratched one of the then recently invented lucifer matches, and lighted two bullfe-eye oil lanterns. In another momeat- tfce two zneft were digging Jo a passageway, the direction of which was toward the foundations of the "tfrhool building." The comer of the brick work of that inte rfor buiJding was, perhaps, 160 feet away from the rear of the restaurant, and in that Interior structure, on the first floor, wu the vault or the treasure room of Spanero. Upon the outride was but a blank wall up to the fourth fioor, and thena single window marked the place where the Spanish artist 1 * private room was, adjoining bis office. And here we leave the precious twain to their dark work- wn which the Tiger was probably not a partner. CHAPTER Xin. HOPE LIGHTLY, AJfp 11AT OOD 6T1T ET YOtr. One day Conrad Korth stepped quietly iota bis mother^ "work-room," at an nnnsu&l; hour for one eo full of business. "Who gave you permission to come in bere. rarraiir' aid the parent. "I come, demanding a surrender ot this castle." "To whomi" "To toe invader." "Do you coiue peaoasbljF" she asked, pointing a cambric needle at the intruder. "W^Jl, mother," hereplied in a low tone, "send your gaqpson away. I wish to talk to you alone." "Milly," the maid, capita ulated and withdrew, and then the young man began bis conversation by kicking over the work-basket full of buttons end things. "I have been thinking a great deal about Hits Lament," he said. "I suppose I think too much about her. Hav* you any remedy for such a complaintr "I know of none, except to get better acquainted with ber and And out that she is mortal, like the net of us, my eon." "But how can I properly pursue an object with which I never came in contactl Can we bring her with In our circle?" "Our circle, my eon, would not receive her, not at preeentr4faough ii doubtless •very my worthy of admWna." "No," said Conrad, reUectivaly, "the aiders, the Plumbs, the Bnapdragoni, the Artemisia Ambrodatoliaa etc., etc.,would take pains to snub her." "Conrad," eaid his mother slowly, "why do you wish to become further acquainted with her." "Well, mother, I may as well »n«v» a clean breast of it. I am not satisfied but that I Jove girl. I want to be aeaslble about it, but I never can conquer this Iqnking for iher, longing tar her, untU I meet her, and find that my measures of her virtues and genius are a myth of the brain." "Or heart/ njggested Mrs. Korth. "Or heart" ; '"WMl,Conrair : "Why, then 1 love her, and I may as well surrender. Is It not aof" "But, my son, if she is worthy of yon, being apparently .a poor, but beautiful wait, struggling for better things, perhAps a higher life, the will not permit you to win her; at least not Under present circumstances. And if the bare not that better eapse-^jf justice to^you, then she is not worthy." ? 