Laying a Ghost at Jerusalem. PAUL TWYFORD.) "Speak 1 Speak J thou fearful guest J Wlio 'with thy hollow brcMt, , , . Comes to daunt mo ! " —Longfellow. jjSjjSO many persons in the oolonythe name ffjjjgi! of Jerioho will have no existence, save in the pages of Scriptnre : yet in the county of Oamberland there is a staalll settlement whioh one oan soaroely oall hamlet or. village —bearing that name. Neither can one call it • '• Hundred," as they say in England, for I donbt whether a hundred souls could be found in both Clydesdale and Jericho. Be that as it may, the people for miles around — anywhere between Penrith, * Richmond, Blaoktown, and Riverstone— know Jeriobo. Who the hamonrist that gave the place the settlement its name was, I do not know, neitbpr do I know that Jeriobo bears the remotest resemblance to the Jericho which added somewhat to Joshua's (the son of Nun) military fame. But it is not about Jerioho that I am oonoerned, but about Jerusalem, which is not a day's walk from the other place—in faot, only the road's breadth divides the two eBtates of the Rouse's and Hassall's— Jerioho and Jerusalem—or as it ia now called, Berkshire Park. I am not aware that ancient Hassall, whose name figures in the colony's earliest reoords, was a Berkshire man, or why, if he was, he Bhould have called his house, farm, and orchard— " Jerusalem." It was, probably, the aforesaid humourist's oonoeit, though he might have continued his Scriptural phraseology and oalled the creek whioh runs through the property, the " Jordan " instead of South Creek, However if we lump Jerioho, Jerusalem, and Clydesdale together, we have in them an exceodingly picturesque loeality—though not, perhaps, aa pretty as the writer oan remember it some thirty years ago, when the venerable, white- haired, though handsome, old lady resided at Jerusalem, and. the French Catholic Mission, with its duBky South Sea Island converts were busy in the beautiful vineyards whioh were so great an attraction to Windsor and Richmond folk. The old lady baa gone to her Father's ; the estate— founded by her husband, probably has changed bands, and the *' mission " is now owm d by the eon of a former Mayor of Sydnpy. Formerly there was a school bouse at Clydesdale, bat like the school ia Trilby's song, it is now among other things of. the past, though the picturesque little Anglican Ohnrob waB in existence when the writer spent a Christmas in the locality some few years ago. And there was a hope in the breaBts of a few old hands that matters at Jerusalem wonld assume a livelier aBppct, for the property was purchased by an eccentric young Englishman of means, who, for. a short spell, made " things hum," and there was Buoh " goings on," as probably, old Jerusalem had not seen for many a day— not, however, sinoe the grand old lady who left u» some years ago, with the oares of eighty winters marked on her brow, was a young wife. There is every evidenoe that 10 her yonng days Clydesdale was anything bat the " Deserted Village " sort of place it is now; it is shown in the farrowed lands and the aged frait trees, in the negleoted orohard; and no donbt both frait and grain, bb well as hay, were grown in sufficient quantities to sell in Windsor, where the oonviota and their military guardians eamped in considerable numbers. The new oomer, I say, began with oommendable zeal to " improve things," and people all around were in a fever of expectation as to what woald be the result—whether the old hoase would have another mistress, or whether the " master" would come to grief. The latter, unfortunately, happened ; all his well intentioned labor was thrown away, and those young demoiselles who had ambitions ideas as to following in old Dame Hasaall's footsteps, were doomed to dis appointment. Anyway, for a while things mrc lively, for the new squire was built like the sailor who believed in a " short life and a merry one." In his moments of sanity he was wonderfully energetic; he had quite ■ an army of men employed digging, plough ing, fencing, building. Stables and out houses were repaired, the trees were pruned, the " bouse " was renovated internally and wonderfully improved by knookiog several rooms into one, thus forming a large banquetting hall, and, as ocoasion required, a ball room. But in his insane movement the new proprietor " acted the goat' to Bach an extent that all hands ■oon beoame demoralized and matters at Jerusalem beoame ohaotic indeed. One day the house would be fall of visitors : beauty and fashion would be there, and the strains of musio would float on the night air; the following day the laborers would hold high revel in the ball, and instead of soft musio and the sweet voiceB of women, would be heard the not over refined bawling of drnnken royatorera—the squire himself presiding. And so matters went on ; in the daytime the men were bullied and driven ; at night they were petted and entertained with the best, and the mad riot continued nntil the end—and that was the tap of the auctioneer's hammer, when blood horses, prize stock, pigs and poultry, farm ntensils and maobinery, household furni ture and plate, buggies and sulkies, • and dog-carts, — everything, in faot, that could bo turned into money was sold. Tbqn there was peaoe, for the • wealthy yoiin-; EtiKlisbman' vanished. The lawyers had some work to do—as is usual in aucb cases—and a oaretaker was placed in charge. It was during his incumbpnoy that my little advonture occurred at Jerusalem. I had been there onoe daring the youngs Englishman's tenanoy, aud was thus onabled to note tho striking differonoo botween tho 'thon' and ' now.' It was Christmas week, and I soughtreliof from beadaobe and worry, inoident upon much burning of ' midnight oil,' in Ashing, and for that purpose I hired a boat and palled up South Creek—even as far as tho bridge at ClydoBflalo, Here night o'ertoofc me, and what was worse, a heavy thunder storm compelled me to beat a retreat towards the naarest habitation—which heppened to be * Jerusalem1' I reached the hospitable shelter of the big kitohen just as the Btorm burst; and pleased was I to find suoh oomfortable ' diggings,' while the oaretaker was equally pleased to seonre my oompany. He and his family were just about to Bit down to the evening meal when the 'load olap of thunder whioh brought down the rain, crashed over head, and the next the flash of lightning revealed me standing at the door; thus was I doubly weloome, for neither the oaretaker or his wife were inolined to eat while the Btorm raged—though, finding the stranger in different to the frequent discharges of " Heaven's artillery," they hesi tated no longer. The storm raged all night and I required but little pressing to stay; my boat was safely moored, and my time was my own; so I drove dull care away and listened with greedy ear to the wonderful yarns my friendly host span about old Jerusalem and its past. He was a native of the locality and was possessed of a good memory; and could thus tell me of many strange things that had happened in the ' old dayB ' and which had been told to him by his elders. PoBsibly, some of my host's narratives were^legendery; but all the Bame they had the effect of disturb ing my night's rest. My bedroom was a small room opening on to the large hall; at the further end slept my host, his wife and three young ohildren. There was a large dog of the setter speoies outside on the kitohen verandah, in the stable was a horso, whilo several cows grazed oloao up to the pallisading enclosing the flower garden— whioh Burrounded two Bides of the house. My bedroom window opened on to the opon space behind the kitohen, being the handiest for any tramp seeking shelter from the road; it was very low and could easily have been opened from the outside. The room was comfortably furnished, the bed warm and Boft, but for the life of me I couldn't Bleep, for as soon as I olosed my eyes some wretched phantom of the past would maroh straight in at the door I (through the door, of course) and its pro sence would awaken me—to laugh at my own folly. I am not a nervous person and am sceptical as to visitations from the ■ other place,' or places ; yet my friond the caretaker's yarns recurred to mo aa I closed my eyes, and straightway somo buried skeleton from the vaults undor neath my room would stand sbuking his bon^s at my bedsido. No doubt in tbo old days there had boon somo uncanny goingB-on at Jerusalem ; floggings, I take it, were ndt unknown, while tho beliof is general that men were chained and looked up in solitary oonfinemont until they ' shuffled off' out of both chains and lifo. Former proprietors ruled with iron hands— as perhaps was quito nooossnry; thon a membor of the family was drownod in tbo crook whioh ran juBt bolow tho house. Whother suioide or not was novor known, and his ghost was also BUppoBod to walk o' nights. No wondor, thon, that sloop novor oeuqq to mo, ttiod as I ng, Thon (Uo dog ( barked, and I went to tbe window; it was not fastened, and a burglar could bavo entered by it as oasily as tbe gbost of tbe drowned man or tbe obained convict could come tbrougb tbe door. In truth, I foared tbe living more tban tbe dead, and between tbe two I was kept awake for bours, as it seemed to me. Then I dozed, and again I felt a something in tbe room. I struck a match; nothing was observable. I was now really sleepy, and, gbost or no gbost, Bleep was bound to liave tbe upper hand, though not for long, for the daoropened— or, rather, it wasn't there—and in marobed a dozen cadaverous-looking ruffians clad in striped livery—yellow and brown—olanking tbeir chains in a most unmusical way. They were repulsive-looking brutes, and after passing - some uncomplimentary re marks upon my person they dragged me out of bed, carried me down into a cellar by way of a trap-door opening into the hall, and looked me up in tbe cell with tbe skeleton. * * * I awoke with a stifling sensation ; my throat waB parobed, and I suffered from a burning thirBt. I waB in a profuse per spiration and generally in a state of funk. I lighted my candle, carefully overhauled my room, and then stepped into tbe ball. Everything was quiet, bo 1 returned to bed again—this time to sleep soundly until morning, I said nothing to my host of my night's troubles—in truth I was ashamed to speak of them, amiserable dream produced by a few commonplace circumstances, whiob however, wore unusual to me. It was a dismal day for tbe time of year, and a cold drizzling rain was falling. The friendly caretaker almost bogged of mo not to hurry oway. He would probably be driving into Riverstone on tho morrow, Christmas Day, and would give mo a lift in tho buggy and send my boat on after me. I bad nothing to do, and waa under no engagement—bad promised no one to eat goose or other fowl, roast beef, sucking pig, or plum duff—in faot, I abhor Christmas gourman dizing and guzzling, and I saw no reason why I should not spend my Christmas at Jerusalem—for tho terrors of tbo past night were almost forgotton. So after breakfast the caretaker attended to his borBo, liia cows, and a pig, and then took me all over tbo estate, showing mo tbo improvomonts effected by tho late proprie tor, also somo of his follies. Wo gathered Bnmo fruit and also n fine lot of mushrooms. Wo crossed tbe creek several times—■when ever tbe wild tanglo of blackberry bushes would permit—and then we came to a broad deop, black-looking watcrholo to whiob tho caretaker pointed. ' There's wbero young Mr was drowned,' said bo; and thon he re-told the story. [Returning to tbo bouso wo had a huge drink of milk oaob, and wbilo tbo good wife was cooking tbo mushrooms wo oxplorod tho collars beneath tbo houso. Thoy woro extenBivo and dry, but an unwholesomo, musty smoll. was prosont. I noticed sovoral small rocoptaolos buily of briok, wbioh might bavo boon used for oolls—though probably tboy had bosn eonstruetod for the Yory pnrpost for whiob they had been used quite recently—for wine bins. Heaps of bottles were lying about— unfortunately all ' dead marines,' and great must have been the slaughter thereof: the empties were proof, at any rate, of the great thirst which occasionally attacked the squire and his merry men, to say nothing of bache lor guests. Pointing to one ot the cells, if I may ao term them—the oaretaker spun a Bmall twister which was by no means oomforting to me, in view of another night's experience in the room above. ' In there/ he said, < the skeleton was found, They do say as how he waB looked up, in ohains. for punishment, and that they forgot all about him, until one day, a long time after, wanting to- use the cell, they opened it and found the dashed thing a standing up in the corner—as if he preferred to die standing.' * And where do you say the trap door opened ?' I asked. ' Eight over head—see*?' I saw the square which formed the hatohway, and nodded. ' Well, that opened into the old man's room—and that's why it has been said that the man was kept there on purpose.' ' Well, it is strange that a poor devil of an assigned servant should have been forgotton by the man who locked him up— especially with the trap oponing into his own room. Otherwise it is not impossiblo that a solitary individual should havo boon forgotten among all the servants that one had the privilege of bullying in those days. Labor was cheap, and no doubt every colonist of any importance availed himself of this privilege up to the hilt.' 11 expect so,' was the sententious remark of the oaretaker. Anyway, I carefully took the boarings of that dungeon, both above and "below, and oummitted to memory its exact latitude and longitude ; and before the day was spent I also examined, very oarefully, the floor of tlie hall as well as that of my bedroom. The hall floor had been stained and varnished, after having been repaired and carefully planed ; und true enough, just outBide my bedroom door was tho ominous square, which neither stain nor varniBh could hide. The hall was lofty, with an arch like roof—the light being admitted through windows of stained glass iu the gable end, whioh faced the yard, in which wero situato the stables and out-houses. Night came round again, and after spend ing a quiet, though pleasant, evening over a bottle of fairly good locally made wino, and playing a few games of ouohro. I j retired to my haunted chambor. The impression of the preoeoding night had passed away and I mudo up my mind for an extra good Bleep. The rain had ceased, und tho moon—which hod had no ohanoo of showing hersolf tho preoeoding night shone full in all her ' argont boauty,' and Montgomery's linos ocoured to me :— j Night is the timo to watoli ? Tho full moon's earliest glftiico. Night Is tho time for (.'renins, I Whan truth that Is and truth that iesme, r Bland in fantastic strife. | And notwithstanding my physical dis> position to eloep, I felt inolintd to aot upon j the poet's idea. I tried it but the drowsy god conquered—and ghosts or no ghosts, burglars or no burglars, I slumbered Boundly—despite the moon and Byron's apostrophe. Most glorious night I Thou wert not Bent for slumber. _ In sleop wo cannot measure time—only i m exaggerated quantities, and thereforo I am unable to say how long the soothiug ! gods hold me in durance when a tap, tap— j 'tapping nt my chamber door'—uwnknned i me-__ I was startled and sang out ' Who's 1 there ? " fully expecting to see the ill fated convict march in, his bones enwrapped in a phosphorent garment of pale luminous blue, and to hear his rusty leg-irons clank. No roply—no sound—and I lay there in full expectancy of something dreadful. Finally, X slumbered again. And thuu there camo moro tapping—an incessant ' tapping at my chamber door ;' and I fanoied all sorts of things, among othors that I heard a Sad, uncertain rustling of each—curtain, whioh Thrilled me, filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before, and I verily believed that a ghoBt of some sort was -' entreating entrance at my chamber door. Flesh and blood could stand it no longer and I sprang oat of bed, lighted my candle, ana opened the door. There was nothing to be seen but the large, cavernous-looking hall, with the moon beams playing through the red, purplo, orange, and green panes of the gable window. Yet had I njt heard the tapping with waking ears? Bomnns had had nothing to do with it, nor had I looked • •. With unopened oye, Waile the dim sheeted ghosts passed by. Ho, I had been wide awake, and the moonbeams had brought mo no dreams I was detertained to find the author or cause of this midnight tapping; but being en deshabille I had no desire to alarm the care-taker and his wife; so pluckiDg np a little courage, I made a tour of inspection rouud the hall. The door was looked, but a small swing window up in the apex of tbo gable, uBed evidently for ventilation more than for light, was open. Nothing else. I felt orest- fallon and retreated towards my room, holding the candle high up in order to get a better view, when, ye gods ! I was brought up standing by hearing a sharp ' tohk I tcbkj' which caused me to look up and there, perched on the hoavy com iocs > over my bedroom door, was the «thing of evil' that had caused me so muoh mental anxiety. It waB not a ghoBt, not even a raven, but a magpie—a real Australian black und white magpie—in real flesh and bone and feathers. And as I shook my fiBt at him, he held his bead knowingly on one side, and I could jmagine him saying, ' It's me, and nothing more!' I was certainly angry—unphilosophically so, I admit—and I threw the oandle at the feathered disturber of my peace. He flew through the open (window, and the oandle fell to the floor i making but little noise. Whatever the' bird may have thought, I had no alternative but to write myself down a confounded donkey; and as I wrapped the blankets about me I grinned at my fears and resolved to keep my night's experience a secret from my ftiend the caretaker. Christmas Day was fine, and, as I waa driven away from Old Jerusalem, its oonviot memories, its skeletons and suioides. and, above all, its black and white familiar of tbo magpie speoies, I mentally hoped that nevermore should I be agonized by any of hie breed's ghostly • tapping at my ohamber door.' Mr Gotrox: I saw yon kiss my daughter, and I want you to understand that I don't I like it. ' ! Mr Staylate : Well, I do. | Miss Eose (to famous pianist): That muBic waa truly divine, monsieur. j j MonBieur •. Ah, mam'aelle, zat is indeed' j praise, for who bat an angel would know divine music ? ^ Six girls before my window sit, j While orazed my room I walk, f And there they talk and .talk and talk And talk and talk and talk, Profesaor (to young man) : How would you punotuate the following—« The beautiful girl, for Buoh Bhe was, was paBsing down the street ?' Student: I think, Professor, I would make a dash after the beautiful girl. 