^ h a u n t e d f o u n t a i n s ; - L OR, 5L0NEL CODTS SEARCH. JOKAXCE^F THE WEST. / r „VFL phextiss ingkam. .^vvsteiious Man in Bluei" 11 ' iztc. '' ,"::"' pTEB { XLIV-—THE CAPTIVES, strange moment to Cody ".to "f. ,,, !ia<j surrendered to red- 1 in ill of ' s strange, eventful -łilrl* ' rulli ana reality had been '' ^ tlu.n fiction,where romance am faci." tod been woven most 8 lv iwrfther, Cody had never sufu \- did at moment when he wards, in response to the re- „if c!li''f : , „acr Uu- oin-umslanees we can do "'"^The foe of I lie redskins be ' P 'u'V made bim so. He fought tlie bocause the latter fought the eTwit he held in bis heart a warm c for V sor Lo " . ,"" -' • compassion for him, ana a, J™. lll3t iho Indian would not a0tept Frfern alternative that elvjlisaiifiil L" nilt. but fought foot by foot for [fainting grounds of his .people, Jthe I ilia! held the bones of his fore- _ defj-inp the advance of the Star ;piV0. "(wily to die before the rifles coldiorf. causo duty called, then, Cody was g^jnr of the Indians, and in "battle jr r.ioi terrible foe, though when the lfj,f1 Vlis buried he was their friend. r tiif famous Pa-e-has-ka was com- ,3 (0 surrender to the enemy, who ti:eiv would be only too glad to put to desth by torture. jjf had the pledge of the white chief i)jf life would be spared. But he no account of such a promise from 3 sour. e. He only looked at it lo continue the struggle then would •jiP sure death of Lieutenant Sealiis other three scouts, and liim- . lieutenant himself had been twice iny nouiided. But the chief of as. though disregarding the white rade's pledge, felt that while there jiife there was hope; so he whispered ljfutenant Seaford, who replied : CoSy, there is no telling. "We |f findmeans of escape." i the renegade stepped forward and i!);? rides, revolvers, and knives of ive prisoners. He eyed Cody curia5 be did so. then glared at the , snd last at the three scouts, i made a desperate fight. Cody. I si wonder thai you have won a l>it? [ v.hen you can fight like that, and HTit^n stand by your side and do the have won. mtesa<le — we have Eifl that i s oil there Is to It," said SMUt, TeJ, we have won — eaptui'C-3 ,'ive L killed three others, as a balm for et overwhelming defeat, Forturfr my band of heroes has done this, 1 might not be very popular among rod brothers. As it is. I have done . fov I have captured Colonel y. Theii. -. I have killed three \so hold as prisoners three scouts." "(id go-on with your course ; for you eL and I have a ring, and some . coking that 3uty." wliii" Lieutenant e scout with sur- ° lir.d sugsestea obbed. I. . to set all than tlie . •enow where to find tfter." i this promptly ~h and chain, sold hat money he had outs doing likewise t down the canyon notes of a bugle • -'• :!ing, for the rene- ... 'd ponies to be oners were told to the bugle sounded ie warriors sprang — i a rapid retreat nit cavalry have come on. after all,' Lieutenant Seaford. '"Had they half an hour sooner we would not l'? captives." But this storm will prevent their iff much further; so we are de 10 see the Indian village," relei the chief of scouts. 'a'going >ialf a mile, surrounded by ims. the prisoners were halted, and vrs bound securely to the ponies o '"nich thev had been mounted. « I think we are safe, for your ca- ~ 'ill not dare venture far in the ^ of this storm," said the renegade i s? an were suffering with cold, he •wi his braves to push on at a gallop "~ l 3 cam P could be made to warm UPTER XLV.—THE "WEIRD; BUGLER. A on his trail through the fatal on There Cody and his party had raptured came a horseman, slowly the track left by the renehis band. !? LIORSE 111(5 ,"1<5ER ^ E worthy of ption. for it was an odd pair to see Ł traii—just such as the superstican would be looking for at midj'- in the vicinity of a grave jt this appeared to be a ghost-visible Wight—a phantom horse and rider I'm moonlight effects, e Iw? appeared to be snow-white, ®i?ht have been; but a closer look •fed that his head -was completely •mi in a white indiarubber cowl, ieck alsn. a his body was covered with a robe description, falling as far 'OiEknws and over his haunches, enveloping him, and shedding aoif aj ,:t fell_ 'j- "vering fitted over the saddle, hoies upon either side of it «reo white reins. ^ enveloped from head to «tie same waterproof kind of robe, though he was well ™Up teneath to protect him from i r r o m the ' whlte toque on it!*'* b00ts - he was enveloped I to co^ring. Bed t„ Was shieIded a white mask, I "lan res?mbIe a skeleton face, the fet* ...,.. i,rl Shtly out imi through Liuouga the uie r "'hlls tho lianJ. * tunik, the h a n d s w e r e Protected fton ńn„^ves - Painted to resemble •Z--'' ElddIe of the wW rider fced,„^, r0:i of WantetB, also en- I waterproof, while bags lard h7 description, with food tor tin* r,a ' h u n g u P° n either side. h-ho™ m:ea , white slung to the lister, , ? reroI ™rs were bidden liiehci*^ sheltered. AJtogett^ ri^er presented an apbj- thf it\ Was w e i r d 30,1 startling Eht ana would have C w f - M by night. along as though". )n .no -iray (Mlsnea. Suddenly the horeeman -B&UBe;Ł He toad heard cries ahead. They were the wild war-cries of white men. . Then, mingled with them, were beard the Indian war-cries. The phantom-like horseman listened attentively. His horse -pricked his ears forward and seemed ą trifle nervous. Nearer grew the/sounds, but the horseman fcept his position. -He looked like one to scare rather than to be scared. He sat thereior some łime^ nelther horse nor rider.seemlng to feel the bltter cold wind that was driving through the canyon. or to care for the falling, blinding snow. Nearer and nearer grew the sounds. They were evidently coming back down the canyon. Then came a lull, then a rifle volley, and following- -was a wild chorus of war-cries. They came, too. from the lips of pale-faces. Next was heard the cracking of revolvers, and these rattled rapidly and fiercely for a while. Then these ceased their deadly rattle, and again were heard the defiant cries from pale- face lips, followed by exultant shouts from many warriors. CHAPTER XLVI.—IN THE INDIAN VILLAGE. A silence followed, and alter a. few knóments the strange horseman passed on. He rode up the canyon in exactly :the_4irection to meet the Indians. "Half « mile he went, and then paused, for Voices sounded ahead- of him. Theh -his gloved hands were raised to Ma.lips and loud, (dear; and ringing there broke forth a bugle-call. It was an exact Imitation of a bugler Sounding the charge, and piercing above the storm, echoing from the cliffs of the canyon, it fell npon the ears of the redskins. Too well they knew what a bugle call meant. It threatened them with danger—lold them, as they believed, that cavalry were on their-trail—and the result -the reader has already seen. After a moment's halt the horseman rode on again,' and once more the -wild notes echoed among the cliffs in exact imitation of a bugle, and the sound sent the red-skins and their prisoners hastening on. And slowly on their trail, defying cold and storm.followed the -weird -bugler that bad stampeded the renegade chiefs warrior band. The Indians were certainly alarmed at hearing tbe bugle notes in their tear. They knew that the horses of the troopers were comparatively fresh, that they musi have food in plenty,, and "if they overtook.them that another battle must be fought, and they were in no condition to fight. So they pushed rapidly on, and tbe prisoners were hastened to the front of the column. When the Indians came up with the main force, that had taken the other trail, they felt relieved, and their comrades envied them the capture of Cody and those with him. Messengers had been sent to the village, as soon as defeat stared them in til? face, t9 bring than fresh ponies and provisions; for many of the braves were riding "double," and all their horses were atJout used up. getting no grass, as they had, on account of the storms. The whole force pushed on until they reached a secure camping-place for the night. It vras a shelter from the cold in part, and a good place to defend should they be attacked. And there they passed the wretched hours of tbe stormy night, cold, with little to eat, and in despair. At dawn they pushed on once more, their ponies almost worthless. But at noon they were met by half a hundred warriors from their village, driving a herd of fresh ponies, and with food in plenty. They had a great feast of it, giving the prisoners the first bite to eat since they had left the fort. A rest of a couple of hours, a big dinner, and, warmed by the fires, the Indian army resumed its retreat once more, the fresh ponies being brought into use' and the worn out animals turned loose. But that night they rode Into their stronghold, not as victors, but sullen and cast down. There were -wild -wails of sorrow in the village when all knew of the great loss of braves, and that tbe red army of the great Indian chief had been so sorely dealt with by the very men whom they bad expected to wipe out. "If we are not murdered this night in their frenzy we -will be all right," said Cody to Lieutenant Seaford, -who responded: "They have gone mad, it seems, the whole tribe. But is not this village a thorough stronghold, Cody?" "It is indeed. I noticed the approach as we came alomip that rugged ridge traiL and saw that old Red Lightning had chosen well." "Yes, his village is situated in a sheltered valley in a mountain top, and if the other approaches are like the one by which we came, it would take ten thousand men to carry the place. But there does not seem to have been so much snow here as below." "Not near so heavy a.fall. But here comes our renegade captor, and that is old Red Lightning with him." The renegade chief now came to where the five prisoners were being guarded by a dozen young braves, and with him was a tall and majestic chief, the head ruler of the tribe, who had led the attack upon the -fort and settlements, and when repulsed had returned at .once to his village to prepare his people for their great disappointment. He came up to the . prisoners and looked them, over with greater interest than it is customary for an Indian to show. Evidently he "Bad heard the story of one who had been captured.and of-the desperate fight the prisoners had made in the canyon. Looking Cody squarely in the-fajce, he. said, in very fair English: . "Show Pa-e-has-ka well. He brave man', heap brave:-' Save killed heap many my young braves. Pa-e-has-ka have to die, too. few days. My people love to see him die, and -white' captain, too. All die in few days, so my people's heart be glad. again—full of sorrow now." "Have not the pale-faces hearts to feel sorrow, too, and do not "the -women and children of my people feel grief when you have come to kill and burn? It is aU right, Red Lightning, eo loll us if you will, but you will not And us show fear; and, more, many a red-sldn brave -will go under to pay for ourjlives." The scout spoke impressively, and Red Lightning seemed to fed his words, for he said In his own tongue to the renegade, and which Cody understood: "The pale-faces will hunt my people down like wolves when Pa-e-has-ka is dead, but he must die." •The Tied Lightning had spoken, but the White Eagle has words for his ears, not now. X -wanted the Red Lightning to look- upon my captives, and now they shall .toe taken to my tepee, for my red brothers -are thirsty for their Blood- But it must not be now; my red brokera must wait." : . "Ses.^my people must wait,"-' responded feed Lightning; jand .'the renegade chief. White Eagle, led- the prisoners to his own tepee, which, however,; was a large log cabin In one end of the. Indian village. ... . ' , :• CHAPTER XLVtL—A RENEGADES MERCY. "I believe 4hat man intends to befriend B£" '••- •• -t So said Colonel Cofly to Lieutenant feaford "and others, when ihe rehegade chief ."had left them, bound hand and foot, an his cabin and disappeared. But the scout heard him t«l two young braves to stand guard- over his cabin -while he was away. '•pi you think a man who Is a renegade to bis own race can do a good act. Cóay?" asked Lleiutenant Seaford. : "I bavp known such men to be Strang contradictions .and somehow I fed that White Eagle .as he Is called, intends to sorve us in some way;: If not, he -would i«lve turned us over to-nlgh't lor the redsa™ to have satisfied their revenge upr on." . . . . "He seems to hold a great deal of influence in the village." . sir. I should say next to Red Lightning, the head chief. But here comes some one. The heavy door swung open and the renegade entered, accompanied by several young men carrying wood. A Are was at once started in the large chimney of the cabin, and then going to the other end of the room, the renegade returned with a number of iron manacles. These, one by one. where clasped upon the anJdes and wrists of the prisoners, Cody remarking: ' "X see that you have all the luxuries, chief?" "Yes, I captured.them in. an army -waggon once. Ąt any rite, they -will not cramp you like being bound with rawhide does; and r .will free'tbe arms of one of your -men, Cody, -while .he- cooks Supper for you' all.for I ido not intend to either starve or freeze you.' Colonel.Cody glanced at Lieutenant Seaford, who muttered: "Mercy in a tiger." The renegade then threw a large roll of blankets down in one corner near the fire, remarking that they were for the prisoners to sleep on. He then again left the cabin,-returning shortly with the same Indian youths, bearing with them fresh deer meat. He then released the hands of the scouts and said: "You will find meal in that bag. and there is salt and • water, and here is coffee; - for, as your chief says, I have all the luxuries here. Remember, all, that any attempt to escape will cause you to lose your lives, for you shall at once be turned over to the Indians to be tortured to death. Escape from here is utterly Impossible, so do not entertain it. have Indian guards outside the cabin, and I shall sleep here and keep an eye upon you/" The man again left the cabin, and the scout who had had his hands freed of the irons at once began to make corn cakes and boll venison steaks, also making a large potraf-coffee. "This is a picnic," was Cody's com ment, as lie found a number of 4.in cups on a shelf and passed them round. WŁat.sugar! And.as I live,here are some solid silver spoons—a wedding present to him, doubtless. Yes, and here Is a side of bacon and biscuits. Why, that rene- gade is an epicure, a high liver, and we can't complain." Lieutenant Seaford and the others laughed at Cody searching about to see what he could discover, and he kept it up until the scout cook announced supper, It was no mean meal—of coffee, cornbread, crackers, venison and bacon—and the five prisoners ate with a relish that a long fast bad given them. Soon after the meal was over they unrolled the blankets and spread them down before the fire, just as the renegade chief entered. "That is right; malce yourselves comfortable, for it will be a cold bed thpt you will soon sleep In," he said. "Ail right^ chief; but don't Bend us to bed with a nightmare, for we have enjoyed a very hearty supper, thanks to you," said Cod j'. The renegade made no reply, but reclasped the irons upon the wrists of the .scout-who had acted as cook, and the party at once turned in. • The renegade threw more wood npon the fire, lighted his pipe and sat down for. a smoke. At last the pipe went out, the renegade having gone to sleep. Suddenly he uttered a wild cry of fright; and shouted: "No. no. I did not.kill her. Shi He was awake now, but trembling in every limb; while Cody said in his dry way: "Had a bad. dream, old man. Guess your conscience troubles you." The renegade uttered a savage oath, and went to the other end of the cabin and also turned in for tbe night. CHAPTER XLVHI.—DRAWING LOTS. For some time the captives had been in the Indian village, and each day but served to convince them that the feeding against them was becoming: more and "more bitter. The Indians—warriors, squaws, and children— -would hang about the cabin of the renegade chief, yelling at them, and trying to heap indignities upon them, but yet not daring to break through a certain restraint the presence of their pale-f ace leader demanded. Some power he held over the Indians it was certain that alone saved the prisoners from being torn to pieces by the maddened red-skins. Now and then some squaw,bolder than the others, would hurl a stone into the cabin, or dash by the guards and strike one of the prisoners before she could be driven off. \- "This is getting interesting, lieutenant, and we must not be surprised if the. influence of the renegade is unable to priteel us much longer," said Cody one day, -when the feeling shown was more bitter than usual. "The renegade eeems'to hold some secret power over them, and I only hope that it will -continue to serve us," the officer remarked. - "I tell you, pards, nothin' will savs us,' said Scout-Cole, sadly.. "Tbe weather is ag*in a relief party ęomin' up_Jiere, and if -Colonel Ferris had a. couple of thousand men he could do nothing. I tell you friends, I have just prepared myself to die, and it's no use ldckin' ag'ln it, no use hoping, for we is. just as good as dead." "Don't get blue. Cole, for I believe we will yet . escape " them," the chief of scouts said; while Lieutenant Seaford responded "Yes; I won't give up hope till my last breath.' But Scout Cole felt blue, and could not shake it off, though he eaid: "Well, I believe we has got to go; but I hain't ćryin', for I'll take what comes as a man should. ' Yon won't^ee me play thebabyact, pards, no matter what thes do to us." \- Bach'day the Indfens became "more and more determined to rent their fury npon their prisonersT and matters -were becoming most serious Indeed. The renegade chief had said that .be was keeping the. prisoners until they captured more whites, and then they woiild have a. gala, death-scene. But one day lie came back to hlfi cabin with near the whole village at bis heels, and Red Lightning was with him, . too. "Pards, Pre done my best to keep you from those red devils, but if I struggled longer X would lose any'hold upon them, for even the head .chief Aernands a sacrifice. I, therefore. Lave considered three of you must suffer,- And which three depends upon chance, for you we its dro.fr -death lots," \- .-Not one of the prisoners wlnceft at the words of the .renegade chief, and CodycalmlyrembrkeA; VWeacceptwhate ver comes,chief; for • a. mian has to.die but once." "Óh, I know you are brave, everyone of you; and Til confess to you I bad a game of my- own to play with you,—and that is why I have kept you. K . was not. from mercy, but because I wanted to gain a point for myself, and was going "to play you against the game. But these' red devils, won't have it, and if I did not yield .^they'd get very ugly towards me, and?.cohnot afford to Jose-my pull on them.. So-I have got a bpx of dice here, send you are to -throw for your lives. The red-skins are natural gamblers, and the game will please them. I shall .put five dice in the box. Each of you are to have a throw, and the three lowest throws doom the men to death. What do you say?" "It matters not -what we say. Three of us are tried and sentenced beforehand; so start your little game, chief," retorted Cody, with a coolness pt manner that evidently won the admiration of the renegade, and set a brave example to bis comrades. CHAPTER XLIX.—THE FATAL GAME OF -CHANCE. "Three of us are doomed to die, that is certain; but you and your red-skitts. renegade, will see no flinching from death in those who' axe the unfortunates.** - It was Lieutenant Seaford who spoke, and then he turned to Cody and grasped bis hand, doing the same with the other three scouts, while Cole remarked, with a smile: "Til be one of the doomed three, sir. I knew It was coming." The prisoners were then formed in a line and marched out of the cabin, while a wild shout went up from the large crowd of Indians in patient waiting for their revenge to come. As Colonel Cody stepped out, a young buck gave htm a severe blow with a stick, at which.-the Indians howled with delight, fnd a squaw" reached forward to pull his long hair. But she stopped short as the renegade chief gave the young brave a blow that felled him to the eartli, and then seizing her nearly shook her teeth out. "These are my prisoners, and I will protect them. That young man is but a coward squaw to strike a bound prisoner." The words of the renegade chief rang out in the Indian tongue.and others who had -intended indignities shrank back, while the staff of the head -chief Ited Lightning was raised, and be cried :., . "Let my people not be'fools. They must" wait." - - The crowd of red-skins followed the head chief, the renegade, and the prisoner in the slow march to the scene where the fatal game of chance was to be played. It was in ań open- area in the centre of the village, and about the little hill the whole force assembled. (To be continued.) 