T'i-iJ HAUNTED •MOUNTAINS * CO3LONEL CODY's SEARCH. SA ROMANCE OF THE WEST. BY COLOSNL PRENTISS INGRAM, Author of the "Mysterious Man in Blue." &<. CHAPTER XXXVIII.-A TELL-TALE SKNIFE. Ethel Willis, the colonel's niece, was awarethat her uncle had been disturbed in the night, but as lie said nothing tJ her at breakfast about it, after hi:; morning duties were over she sauntered into his quarters, and said : "Is anything going" wroni,. uncle, for you were called upll last night?" "No, 1 had not retired, my dear; and nothing is wrong-; only this storm keeps "up, and the cattle must suffer if it does. not soon end, for we have not proven der sufficient to last half through the winter at this rate." "Such stortms are an exception, tihe old scouts tell me; for they say the win ters here are generally open. with littli snow." "Yes, so I have been told, Ethel; and settlers, miners, and Indians must suf fer greatly, for I know that we are hav ing our share of misery." S, .Uncle, where did you geot this odd penknife?" suddenly asked Ethel, taking from her uncle's table a knife with what appeared to' be a solid silver handle. "Ah, that knife! I do not recognise it. One some officer has left here this morning, I fancy." . -"It is evidently home-made, the silver taken. from the mines, and the blades made from another knife. Oh, there is a name upon it." And turning it over Ethel read : "Why, it is the name of the young ranchero who is missing - Curt Brax ton." The colonel quickly rose, and t:.king the knife, looked at it searchingly. Thel lie said : '"Yes, I know now where it came from. I put it there last night, and had forgot ten it." "Do you see the name upon it, uncle?" '"Tes, and it is that of the handsome young ranchero who so mysteriously disappeared. with one of his cowboys some monlths ago." . .:"How did you. get it, uncle?" S",'/ 'Ethel, can yocT keep :a secret?" "Just tiy me,.uncle.". "I have often tried you and found th:t you are a contradiction to the as'sertion that one of your.sex cannot keep a se5 ;* cret, for I remember important secrets that you have well kept." "And can again." said Ethel, with smile. "Then I will tell you one. and which only one person in the fort yet knows besides myself." The colonel then told of the weird * midnight visitor, and unlocking his desk, read the mysterious letter. Ethel lis tened patiently, and then asked: "'And this letter was pinned upon the outside of the gate?" ,. ,"Yes, for the man risked his life at the hands of the sentry to ride up and pl:lce It there." ."With this knife?" Y' es. Lennox brought it to me and told me that the knife was driven through the envelope into the wood." . "That would indicate that the rancher is the Ghost of tlihelountains, sir." "It would seem so. But why he Is masquerading as sucl I cannot under stand." "His reasons are good ones, doubtless.'" "Why so, Ethel?" , . • "Well, the ghost rescued Cody from the outlaws; he guided the command when astray in the storm to the Mid nigh'ters' retreat, where they found shcl .. ter, if not the lawless band; he ,gave :warning of -the attack of the Indians, .and now informs you of the capture of , the scout and.those .with him, and that o rthere is a mysterious person that saves .-themin :He surely hjs done good ser •vice, uncle. ' '.He has, indeed, Ethel; only I cannot IUnderstand why this man Braxton, if he it is, should go about it in this weirl.d way. of playing ghost." '"PerhapsD he can be far more useful as -a pretended spirit than as himself; for men are very superstitious, uncle, espe cially lawless men." "Very true, Ethel. You argue well." "But, uncle, where the knife would in dicate that it was MIr Braxton who plays ghost and left this letter, the writing Is that of a woman." The colonel seized the letter, and glanc ing at it, said: "You are right, Ethel, and are a close observer; for I had not noticed that. Yes; it is a woman's writing, or the man writes most effiminately." '"MSr Braxton, when last here, gave the post trader an order for a large bill of supplies, I heard you say, sir; so the writing of his can be compared with this." The colonel wrote a note to the trader. sent it by the orderly, and in a short while he returned, bearing a, slip of paper, upon which was written in a bold, legible hand : list of articles which the trader had supplied the young rancher ,with. "He says, sir, that the young gentle man wrote the list himself at his desk. sir," said the orderly, as he saluted and left the room. "Uncle, these two are wholly different in handwriting, and one is written by a wvoman, while the penknife would Indi cate that it is Mr Braxton who is mas queradlng as the Ghost of the Moun tains," s.ild Ethel Willis, impressively. "Then .the 'mystery only deepens," Colonel Ferris respbnded. *CHAPTER XXXIX.-THE LIEUTE NANT'S MISSION. Colonel Ferris felt better after having made known to his niece the secret of the visit of the Ghost of the Haunte-i Fort to the outpost at midnight in the terrible blizzard. "I think I'll have to make you a meim ber of my military staff. Ethel, as secret adviser," the colonel said, in a tone of half-earnestness. "All right, uncle. A woman's head is sometimes good in a council even of sol ,diers, though it is in fact the head of a young girl. But I confess I- am most deeply interested in this mysterious being known as the Ghost of the Moun tains, and I am anxious to see the end of the weird mystery.' "I sincerely hope that we shall do so before long, Ethel." And as several officers called in to see the colonel, Ethel took her departure. Though wishing to keep the letter from the weird midnight visitor a secret, that was really only from general know ledge in tihe post, for there were some of his officers before whom Colonel Ferris 'desired to place the matter, and get their .views. • So the adjutant of the post, with Cap tain Lennox, Surgeon Powell, and half a dozen others, discussed the strange occurrence over the colonel telling them about the k'nife bearing Burt Braxton's name, and yet that the letter was not in his handwriting, but a woman's. The result of this conference was that a young officer was despatched with a small posse to make the rounds of. the .lininig camps, settlements and stage *statiodns, to warn all- to lie constantly *ready for another attack of the Indians, 570.. -... . in spite of the weather, and to suggest that they keep scouts out to act in col junction with those from the fort. The officer, who was Lieutenant Enmory, had orders to also visit the ranch of Hurt Braxton. and learn all hbout the movoenenits of the young settler prior to his disappearance and why tie had left his home; also to discover something abouti tihe man who accompanied him. Armed with these instructions, Lieu tenant Emnory, with an, escort of a dozen of his men. went of on his rounds. It was on the afternoon of the fourth day of his absence that lie returned, antd went at once to his colonel's quarters. "Well, Emory, what Inews have you?" the colonel asked. after greeting him pleasantly, and added : "Speak out for Miss Wlillis knows what your mission The young officer was very fond of Etlll and was only too glad to make his report before her. that she might see how well he had done his duty. So he told how he had visited the vari ous stage stations, settlements. and inln i:g camps, and having had a lesson, from their former experience, they were very willing to follow all instructions coming from the fort, and would be on the watch and keep scouts out, and he added: "The'y are all most willing to confess, colnstel. that but for the warning given them bIfore, and which many regarded as a false alarm, they would have been caught in a perfect surprise, and lhve suffered greatly. But now ,as to the ranchero, sir." "I" have found five men on the ranch, taking good care of his caittle and horses, of which he has a considerable nunlber. His cabin home is most comfortably fitted up ,and all about it reveals the gentleman and man of refinement in spite of this rough frontier. His men are devoted to him, and have an abiding faith that he will return, though they cannot account for his mysterious dis appearance. The man, Birney, who ac talk, the black sheep of the flock; but he seemed to have a pull with the ran chero for some reason. Mr Braxton. they told me, left with Birney for a hunt in the mountains, to be gone only a few days, and the men say they think ihe has been snowed in; or, if anything has gone wrong with him, Birney is at the bottomn of it, for one of the men positively assert that Buck Birney has been a road agent, if he is not one of the Midnighters' band now., for he was freqeuently known to make long expeditions alone, and never account for them. That, sir, ends tne report of my mission." And the lieutenant' seemed much pleased at the hearty approval the colonel gave him for what he had done. CHAPTER XL.--ANOTI-IER WEIRD MESSAGE. The colonel and Ethel both asked Lieutenant Emory numerous questions about his mission, hoping to dra:w out something that he had overlooked or for gotten to tell. He told them, in answering these ques tions. that the men knew nothing what ever about Braxton or his past One of the men was a Frenchman. and the young man had freqeuently talked with his master in that language. while upon one occasion he had talked Spanish fluently with a man who stopped a day or two at the ranch. He sung well and played the guitar, the men said, while often to amuse them he performed the most astonishing feats of slight- of-hand. and possessed powers of hypnotism as well; he was also a superior ventriloquist. 'f. think the man has been an actor and a juggler, sir, from all accounts, though he is certainly very accomplish ed,for the men showed me some charcoal sketches he had made of them, and they were perfect. The more I heard of him the more of a mystery I,considered him; for I saw odds and ends picked up in foreign lands, photographs he had taken himself, and pencil sketches of scenes. abroad and in Mexico. Why such a, man was willing to bury himself in a frontier home I could not understand. He was a dead shot,-the men said, with rifle and revolver, had a pair of foils in his cabin, and handled them superbly, appeared to have money, and could ride a horse and throw a lasso better than any man they had ever seen. He had been known to risk his life to save an outlaw from a mob, the crowd not being sure they had the right man. 'He has but one life, and if you take it you cannot return it; so he shall have the benefit of the doubt,' he had boldly said to the imob, and told the man to mount his horse and ride away while he held back the crowd. "It was found out afterwards the man was Captain Lawless, the outlaw chief; and not listening to reason, some of the men proposed to hang Braxton as the partner of the road-agent. But he warned them off, and when they would not heed him. he killed three of the gang, the others taking to their heels. Upon one occasion, his cowboys told me, lie had found a wounded Indian chief on the.trail. He had put him on his horse and brought him to his ranch and ten derly cared for him. Some of the miners heard the chief was there, and came to take him out and hang him, but Beau Braxton, as they call him, faced the crowd, and told them that they must first kill himhn before they did his Indian guest. One of the men-a noted despe rado-offered to fight a duel for the In dian, and this was forced upon Brax ton, and he killed the fellow before the other could draw his weapon, so rapid are his movements. Why, colonel, the men talked to me until long after mid night about the young ranch-owner, and in their eyes he is certainly a hero, while the settlers all have a good word for him, as he is ever generous to those in need." Both the colonel and Ethel were much interestedin all they heard of the strange young ranchlman, and when the lieuten ant left they talked over what had been told them, the colonel saying at last: " Now, Ethel, what do you think-is Beau Braxton the ghost, or not?" "I confess I do not know, uncle. Per haps if he again turns up we will be able to discover. But can nothing be done for Lieutenant Seaford and Scout Cody, sir?" "Alas! I fear nothing, Ethel; for what can we do? We have no Indian braves as prisoners whom we can exchange for them, and nothing could buy their freedom; for the red-skins would rather have Cody's scalp than the scalps of regiment. of soldiers. I feel that my hands are tied. We can only wait to see what will be done by the Indians with their unfortunate prisoners. But, see, we are going to have another snow storm." And the colonel was right, for as night came on the snow began to fall, and when the morning dawned it lay a foot deep upon the ground, But there was a surprise for the sen tinel -again at the main gate, as there was a trail to and from it in the snow. Upon the gate was an envelope, fas tened with a pin, and it was addressed to Colonel Ferris. Quickly It was carried to the colonel, who opened it in haste as he recognlsed his former weird correspondent's writ ing, and read: "The three scouts have been put to death by.the Indians. Lieutenant Sea? ford and Colonel 'Cody yet alive. Keep constantly on the alert. "THE GHOST OF THE HAUNTED FORT." There was no more, and it was written .In the s~tme feminine hand -,s before. That was all. CHAPTER XLI.--IIEMMED IN. When Colonel Cody rode away from his band of men, accompanied by Lieu tenant Seaford and half a dozen scouts, his motive was an excellent one. The Indians had divided their forces there, taking two different trails to the mountains, through canyons and valleys that would bring them together again some twenty miles further on. The chief of scouts thought that he saw a trap in this, and he was right. He concluded that the main force, which he had told Nick Norcross to fol low with the band of scouts, had taken with them the dead and woundedbraves, while picked warriors, several hundred in number, had gone by the canyon he intended to follow on through. There could be but one motive in doing this in Cody' minind, and that was their having decided to make a feint of going that way, and. when the pursuing party had proceeded on after the main force, to return, fall in behind them, in turn be come pursuers, and catch the scouts who they had doubtless discovered were not in large force-between two fires. It was a clever plan to strike a blow of revenge while retreating, and it was just what the cunning chief. Stld T.i.-M. ning, had done. So Cody, the lieutenant, and the half dozen scouts pressed on after the smaller force of red-skins. Cody himself took the lead, and his searching eyes took in any signs they came upon. The canyons, through whlch the wind had swept in hurrlcanes,-.were devoid of snow, it having been blown through it, and the soil was so rocky just at such places thateven the large number of In dian ponies passing along had left no trail. It was just this circumstance which led to disaster, for, coming to where the trail was plainly marked again, Cody had continued on more rapidly, but with caution. Even hie could not suspect that a hundred braves had dismounted from their ponies in the canyon, where no trail was left, and hidden among the rocks. Their ponies had been led on by their comrades. The ambushed braves--cold, hungry, and desperate-saw their small band of pursuers pass on. They could hardly believe their own eyes. Could it he possible that so few imen were on their track? How large, then, was the number which had surely gone on after the main force? They had expected that a hundred sol diers at least were in their rear. So the' band of a hundred- braves lay low, waiting to see if others did not fol low. But no others came, 'and then a tall chief sprang up from the rocks and galled to his braves to follow him. He was in full war-paint and feathers, and yet a closer look revealed that a white face was concealed beneath the guise of an Indian chief. He told his braves in their own tongue to seek places of shelter--that just there was where they must head off their pur suers. And he gave orders that they should kill the horses of their"foes, but not the riders. "Pa-e-has-ka, the great long-haired foe of the Indians, is there, and must be taken alive, he and those with him," he said. calling Cody by the name by which he was known to the Indians. The canyon there was not a hundred yards in width, and the sides were rug ged, with large rocks that had broken off from the cliffs lying upon either side. Some of these boulders had rolled half way across the canyon, and from there the braves stretched their lariats, form ing a rope fence across the way. Then they crouched in groups of five and ten behind the rocks, and thus formed a barrier which a troop of cavalry in a charge could not have broken through. It was the cunning plot of the rene gade white chief to at least bring honor to himself in that day of dire defeat to the Indians. His evil brain had conceived it, and cleverly he had carried it out. Now he had only to wait, for he had planned with his braves ahead-for he commanded that corps of red-skins that after going a given distance they should halt and ambush their pursuers. If they proved to be a small force, then they should spring upon them and drive them rapidly back into his trap. If they were a large force, then they must fight them back slowly to the rope barrier and the waiting braves. Thus it was that Cody and those with him came to a point where they felt sure there was an ambush. A few shots sent into the timber proved that the chief of scouts was right, for the Indians revealed themselves, ad vanced, and the pursuers became in turn pursued, little dreaming that they had been hemmed in. CHAPTER XLII.-AGAINST TER RIBLE ODDS. "They are ambushed in that 'timber, or at least a number of them on foot," said Cody, as he camhe in sight of the place where the Indians had gone into ambush. "You are right, Cody, and we are too small a force to drive them, unless weo can make them believe we have a large number following us," Lieutenant Sea ford replied. "Well, we'll make them show their hand. Boys, fire into the timber and flush those red-skins." The order was obeyed, and the result was that more red-skins were flushed than the little party cared to see. They at once came towards the chief of scouts' band, and there was nothing to do but retreat. "Well, we must fall back; but I only wish I had my troop here," said Lieu tenant Seaford. "Or I the rest of my band of scouts, As it is, we can only fall back, reminding those fellows that we do not wish to be pressed too hard;" and the scout emptied his repeating rifle into the midst of the red-skin band, and with a result that was fatal to one or more of them, for they yelled savagely. "See there, lieutenant; the whole.force is returning. Can they intend to return and make a stand?" And Cody pointed to where the whole force of Indians who had taken that canyon were returning from beyond the scene of ambush where they had ridden. "It must mean that they have been re inforced from their village, Cody, and hope to make a successful fight against their pursuers, of course believing a large number of troopers were pur suilg." "I only wish there were, sir. But that move means some devilry, I am sure. Do you notice that they do not fire upon us?" "Yes." "I should judge from that that they have some plan to take us alive." "What can It be, Cody?" "Perhaps they know of another band coming on in our rear, and hope to catch us between two fires." "That would be' bad," said Lieutenant Seaford, with a shrug of his shoulders. "Yes, sir; worse than we would wish, by far. But if they are not up to some devilry, then I do not know Indian cun ning as I think I do." "I guess you are right, Cody ;' but whatever.it is we must grin and bedr 'it" "puppose we iear it:without fhe grin, lieutenant," sald Cody, with a smile ; and he called out to his scouts who I were following: "What do you make of that red-skin move, boys," "They don't fire upon us, sir, I notice," said one. "That means they feel sure they've got us." another remarked. "They are plotting mischief, chief," said a third; and each man expressed himself as pretty sure ithat the Indians were playing some bold game. "I hope it is a game of bluster," said Cody. keeping a good look-out ahead. Having eyed the trail well as he went along, he continued: "I did not see where any of them turn ed off from the trail, and you notice that the pony tracks seem just as nu merous here a4 where we began to fol low them. lHad any of them ridden off we would surely have seen their trail.for I was looking for a trap of that kind." "Then they did not leave the force, any of them?" "Not on their ponics, lieutenant." "Ah! They might have done so then on foot?" "Yes. sir: in the places where the can yon was bare and the snow had drifted away, braves on foot might have hid den by the way." "That means they are in ambush go Ing back?" "Yes, sir." "If that is the case, we are in for it, Cody." "It loolts so, lieutenant." "We must break through them, then." therm, then." "It Is our only chance," was Cody's quiet response; and turning to his "men he explained just what the Indianhs might do to entrap them, adding: "The moment we find that such is the case ride up in line,. and we'll open fire with our rifles. Then drop your; reins upon your Saddle-horses, and with a revolver in each s hand we'll chlrge uspon theni all abreast. If any man falls it is a fate lie must-expect. If he is wnounded, those of us who can will try and save him. Do you understand ioys?" The scouts gave a decided answer in the affirmative. and then the eyes of all were bent on the canyon ahead, the Isn dians in their rear crowding them more closely now. ':Ah, it is as I expected! There they are, lieutenant -- and, by Heaven, they have roped us in! Have your knives ready, men, to cut through thn:t barrier," cried Cody, the fire of battle now flash ing from his eyes. CCIAPTER XLIII.-THE RENE GADE'S PLEDGE. Those in-that little band of heroes did not despair of'what they beheld. Behind them were a couple of hundred mounted braves, pushing on to attack them. In their front the canyon narrowed, andl there was a natural barrier almost across In large rocks. From these'the Indians had stretched their lariat fence. Behind this fence and the rocks were a hundred braves on foot. "The situation is a desperate one, and we have hit off a little more than we can masticate, hut her's a try." said Cody, with grim humor. "It looks as though we had to go un der, Cody; but we cannot grnumble at Fate, for it is duty that demands the sacrifice of our lives. Shall we charge now? I will take the right;" and the brave officer wheeled to the right. "Take the centre, lieutenant; for you are a volunteer on this expedition, and must get through if anyone does to car ry the news to the boys.'" "No, Cody, I will shield my life behind no man's body. I will take the right of the line," was the officer's response. . "An?d I (lie left. AMen. are you, ready?" A cheer broke from all. and the'rifles of the scouts rattled forth upon. the In dians until they.were empty. And deadly work they did too. Then came the cry in Cody's ringing tones: "Draw revolvers! Charge!" With a yell the men dropped their reins upon their saddle-horns, their re volvers were drawn, and in, a steady line they rushed upon the rope barrier at full speed, their revolvers cracking as they charged. To their surprise the Indians did not fire heavily: only here and there their rifles flashed, and these brought down horses and not riders. As Lieutenant Seaford's horse fell, Cody reined up quickly, and cried: "We will not desert you, sir. Boys, we will die right here, and die fighting!" It was a desperate battle then that fol lowed, the little band fighting for life against a score to one. A horse went down, then a scout, then another horse, and another scout. A third scout fell, and yet the fight waged on. Not one of the little band threw a shot away. There 5was no firing at random. There was no command, no word spoken, no excitement. All felt tllat the end was to be then, and so they fought with calm determi nation to die game and pile up a monu ment of dead foes around them. But each one could not but realise that the Indians were suffering a terrible loss to their little band. It showed them that they were not to be killed If necessary-that orders had been given to take them alive, and that only now and then some brave, breaking the command, really fired to kill. Thus had the three scouts fallen. They were dismounted now, and grouped together back to back. Revolvers and rifles Ihad been emptied and were useless, and the scouts had drawn their bowie-knives. Leutenadt Seaford had his sword in hand, and the blade was red to the hilt. Thus they stood at bay, and in a pause Cody said: "We are to be taken alive, and you all kInow what that means." \- At that moment the Indians were pre paring for a rush. But, a loud voice checked them, and then came tle words In English: "Surrender. and your lives shall be spared. Captivily does not mean death, Will you surrender, Cody?" It was the white renegade chief who spoke. And the answer came from Cody. "Under the circumstances we can do nothing else." (To be Continued:) "Hepperton says he won't marry any one but a widow. "I hope he won't marry mine." "The Times" Manchester correspon dent says that an important step in the scheme for organising a huge combina tion of fine cotton spinners and doub lers has just been taken. The contracts have been sent out to the amalgamating firms, and ashsoon as these are signed a provisional board will be called togeth er to direct the issue of thle prospectus. This it is stated will Invite the subscrip tion by the public of two-thirds of the capital, which is given as L5,000,000. Up to now the firms who have entered thle combination control over 2,250,000 spin dles engaged in the manipulation of fine sea island cotton, and a large proportion of the entire doubling trade. The pro moters hope that other large firms will yet come in. There will be no attempt to do a merchant, as apart from a distri bbting, business, the idea of the com bine being not to force up prices, but to save expense. A conference of Cotton Trade Emnployers,. lield at Ma.nchester, approved a scheme. for the pubilcation of the amount of edch day's sales of every mariufacturer in the trade, . 