THE DEAD EMPRESS. , HER LIFE AND CHARACTER. A contributor to the Melbourne "Argus • furnishes ths following:— It is not surprising to learn that the Empress Elizabeth of Austria was travel ling incognito at the time of her assassins-, tion. Court life and ceremonies had no charm for her. She much preferred the fresh pure air of the fields and country life to society and State functions. It is well known that the etiquette of the court of Austria is the most strict and unbending in Europe. This particular trait in lier character caused a good deal of discontent in court circles, and on her unhappy hus band devolved the whole burden of court duties. I have often seen her wandering about the boundary Alps of Italy and Switzerland, on the Lake of Como, espe cially in Tremezzina, opposite Bellagio, a favorite spot of hers. She often visited the Villa Carlotta, famed for the statues by Canova which it contains. This villa was formerly the property of General Count Sommariva, and now . belongs to 'the Prince of. Saxe-Coburg-Meinin gen, a cousin of the Empress. She would walk for hours on the summits of the surrounding mountains, gathering bunches of wild violets and strawberries. She was certainly one of the most beauti ful women, if not the most beautifuj. one, in Europe. She had a queenly carriage, and her shoulders, feet, and hands were superb, the latter, of which she was very proud, being a special care to her. one had more exquisite taste in dress. Of be coming stout she had quite a horror, so much so that she had herself weighed every morning. Her waist was of the slenderest, and her figure three years and a half ago, when I last saw her, was that of a girl of 18. When, on incognito excur sions she would be generally dressed m sombre colors, closely veiled, and all that could be seen of her attractive beauty would be her masses of lovely hair, the nape of a statuesque neck, gleaming eyes behind her veil, and shapely feet and ankles. Her romantic nature often inspired her to waiider over the favorite haunts oi her sister Caroline, the exiled ex-Queen of Naples,'' through Posillipo, Capodimonte, and -Portici, and she has been knowii to walk the whole way from. Naples to 1 om ^ Like anv ordinary individual she would drop into cafes—such as the Ganibrinus, in Naples, opposite the Royal Palace—where she would order some simple fare. Horse riding was a mania v. th lier, and her feats on the hunting field are well known even in England and Ireland. Her spirit of en t durance was wonderful. For years she lived in retirement in Hungary, where she studied the language, visited the peasants, and became so endeai'ed to the people that she almost rivalled Marie Therese in their affection. Whilst living in this seclusion her chief enjoyment 'vas on the hunting field, the on}y person she received from Vienna being the late Count Andrassy, Prime Minister. At this period the re lations between herself and her husband were somewhat strained. Her sensitive and highly-strung nature led her to dream.and brood over the past— of the misfortunes of her own family, and also of the ill-fated house of Hapsburg. To this house uelongs the sad privilege of the legend of Messengers' of Death (like the Banshees of the 52 noble families of ■ Ire land)—the Lady in White. The unhappy Emperor of Austria, in a reign of nearly a.O years, has, so the gossips say, seen this white ghost so often that he has almost learnt not to fear it. It is indeed almost amusing, in spite of the seriousness of the subject, to recall the stories one has heard about this phantasm. The house ot' Haps burs; has been struck by misfortunes of a1! kinds, and the '"White Lady," as she is called, has, so the legend runs, always given warning. During the last few years a woman clad in white, we are told, has been seen for many nights silently walk ing through the Hofburg in Vienna. She announced. then that the Archduke (known as Captain John Orfch, who had renounced titles, money, and claim to the throne, and who had chartered a vessel to wander about the world) was lost, and would never set foot in those rooms again. The tragic dream of Meyerling, which wit nessed scenes of love and blood, which no history will ever narrate,-was preceded (shall I say as a matter of course?) by the appearance of the "Lady in White." This spotless apparition announced that the hours of the Archduke Rudolph and of Mary Vetzera were numbered. It will be interesting to learn if this family ghost has ma'de any appearance lately, either fore warned or foreshadowed the tragic end of the mistress of the house. Mutual grief helped to reunite husband and wife to their former affection, and they mourned together over the grave of their dead son. Pope Leo XIII. used his influence to bring about this reconciliation; and also later on to induce the Empress to resume her duties at court. Of late years she had taken a keen interest in the Is land of Corfu, where she had built a castle called the Arehileon. It is quite a museum of objects of* art, and she employed Vene tian and Neapolitan artists, the former to adorn the floors with mosaics, and the latter to fresco;the ceilings. The famous painter Altamura was pressed into the service to beautify the castle. A notable feature in the middle of the courtyard is a monument erected to the memory of Heine, her favorite poet. His poems were the solace of her heart in times of loneli ness and seclusion. After the tragic end of her only son she turned this castle into a monument to his memory; everything that belonged to him was treasured there, and kept as sacred relics. 