TERRIBLE, BURNING, ACCI DENT;' : A SYDNEY MAN FALLS QN A HOT STEAM-PIPE ; IN A BATH. ' HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE:: Aj STEAK' !;TO "A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL . SIGHT. , we Whilo iu n bath in Pitt-strosf, a Mr. Jarvis hnd the misfortune to slip and fall on tho hot water pipes, and boforo lie could bo rescued ho was eoaldod nnd burnt in a torriblo way. Tho shook of tho burning ami tho fall proved to bo vory disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, who for a number of years after ho wits a confirmed invalid, s u (f "ring torribly from locomotor ntaxii nnd other forms of pnraiysie. A fow months ago, however, reports bognn to bo oireuUtud in tho neighbourhood thnt Mr. Jarvis was getting round ag-ain, nnd that ho had iuid n marvellous recovery from this apparently incurnblo remedy. It was on nccount of ihnso rumors that a special repoitor from tho Sydney Worker was despatched to got all in formation regarding samo, nnd ono afternoon ho muda his way to his houso, -15 Crown-luno Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvis was discovorod nursing a tivo- yonr-old babj', and his faco daolurod liirn to bonne of tho happiest won iu Sydney. Ho was up and about, and nblo to answer tho knock at tho door. Although pale and bonring still ft few innrk9 of n critical illness and a period of pain, ic was very cloar that ho was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions ho said : — " You want to know all about my case ? Well I nm glad of nn opportunity to toll you. Tho facts may bo of value to those who aro stricken i»s I was." " How long wore you suffering?" " Well, twslvo months ago I got so hnd thnt. I had to leave off work' and I hnvo dono nothing since then" Ahout five years ngj next Christmas I met with nn acoidont ; I was badly scalded whilst taking a bath in Pitt- street, Sydney. Since the ncoidont.I liavo beon iu failing health, and after four years of gradual develop ment of the malady, I was foroed to give up my billet nt the Glebs Island. " What wpre the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The painB were something terrible. They were just about as muohas I oould hear. They wore for all tho world like as if a saw were cuttiag my bones in two in ovory part of me. I had no con trol over my bowels or bladder, and wss.a nuisance to myself aud every one olso. I was incessantly shivering anil shaking, nnd ould neither oat nor sloop. On 23rd ..of March last I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told mo thnt my oase was utterly hope less. How ovor, ho gave mo an order to the director of charitable institut ions." "Did you miles uso of the order ?" '' No ; I camo home nnd wont to bed, nnd havo beon pretty well in bed ev«r sinco. Five weoks ago I -ould not walk across the floor ; in fact I could nut get out of bed. I felt then tbnt it was all over with me, nnd only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending mo, and did nil lie could, by opium and morphia pills, t i easo the agony I was in. I wns under him for five or six weeks. He came to tho conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxia, a diseaso of the spinaljcord, characterised by a peculiar disturbance of gait, and diffiaulty in co-ordinating voluntarily movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I never might got the use of my legs. (Just thou the pntiont kicked his legs about with energy to show that medioal opinion is not . infalliable.) Woll just ns a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped nt nu idea conveyed by tho advertisement describing the cure affeoted in the rase of another boiler- maker in England, whioh I road in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Wil liams' Piuk Pills for Pale People. I rend in tho advertisement' of a oase 'which soemod to fit my own, I deter mined to give the piils a trial anyway, and sont fova box. The effeot was as marvellous ns it was ma'ical. I wns nolo to oat aid sleep ns though no thing was the matter w.ith ma. It was tho first appetite and rest I had for many n day. It was incraditftblo. I immediately loft tho bod and was able to move .about. You see thoio crutches there ? Th»y are p"rfoctly new, nud I have never used tlietn. They were m.udo for me before I got Dr. Willinms! Piuk Pills, but I was to ' weak to use thorn, and now I don't wan' thorn." " Ho is 100 per cent, bettor," said Mrs, Jarvis who had oomo in and taken tho baby on her knees. " The l)r. Willinms' Pink Pills for Pale People hnvo saved hi life, and made another man ofliim." A friend who called in nt this point said that Jar-vis looked ten years younger; that day thau bo' did n fortnight previous. ' I oan now," omtiniind Jarvis,' 'have acold hath," and all tlio feeling has como hack in my logs. I nHinihe nil the change and bonofit to Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills. Thoy have saved my lifo. I nm in no p n'n, now whit- over, and feel like a new man. On the mautelpieco there is a box of opium and morphia pills which tho dootor gave mo to deadoa the oxoruoiating paiu. But they can stay where thoy are, fori no Iongor need thorn. Every body who knows me hns been amazed at tho chango in me. They oan hardly boliove their oyes. My being about again hns caused quite a sen sation out hero." Such is tho remni kuhlo history, nnd it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country, of tho astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People, l'hey cure locomotor ataxia, partial paralysis, .and spinal diseaso, also the many disorders whioh arisa from an impoverished condition of tho blood, such ns nnromia, palo and sallow comploxion, gonoral muscular weakness, indigestion, loss. of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tho hnok, nervous lieadacho, &c.; Mr. J. 8: T. MoGowon, leador of tho Labor Party in tho N.SW Legislative 'Assembly, was soon by our reporter iu counnction with tlio remarkable caso of Thotnns Jarvis. Mr. McQow-n says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knows that lie had to. give up his work at Glebe I-land ubbatoirs twolvo months ago owing lo a malady which ho developed. He afterwards hoard that Jarvis was bedridden; nnd that there wns little chance of his recovery. Ha understood Jarvis was refused admis sion to the Sydnoy Hospital, ns his easo had boon prouounood incurable. Mr. MoGowon was, thoref .re, liko ovoryono o'ea who know tho facts, as tounded at thooomploto recovery of Jarvis. Those w.mderful pilh are obtain- nblo from all lending chemists, or fioiu the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co. Q-teoii's Placo, Sydney, who will for ward (post puiii) oa rociiipt of stamps or post-office ordor, ono box for 2/9. or half- dozen for 15/3. Soe that tbo genuine Dr. Williams' are gottou. 