NOTES ON EVENTSo e The events of the past few Weeks must uggest to outsiders who read the telegraphed accounts in their newspapers a condition of things and a state of life more resembling that related by Bret Harte and Mark Twain and their inimitable stories of pioneering in the early days of California than the civilization of the end of the century. s a i Scarcely had the season of peace ami goodwill to men on earth commenced than a section of the community appeared to be seized by a desire to put up a record in criminality. Early in the evening in fnll view of passers by and in the broad glare of the electric light a .man was shot and seriously though not fatally wounded. A few nights later a policeman was shot at in the main street of the city and an attempt was made the same evening to make a ghost of a citizen. Within a day or two a publican detecting a man in the act of looting his till, was straightened out and seriously injured by collision with a bottle thrown with practised aim by a companion of the sneak thief. Later an Afghan was murdered in his camp, and an attempt was made to garrot a citizen in the vicinity of the Grand Hotel. Passing from the list of attempted murders and tragedy, and coming down to milder criminality, the records show considerble thieving, attempted burglary, liberal sly grog selling, numerous convictions for this latter offcnce, and a considerable benefiting of the revenue as a consequence of fines imposed and profitB arising from the sales of conficated liquors. The present week presented amongst its list of offences, a very serious charge against two well-known citizens, indicted for conspiracy to defraud an individual by destroying a valuable document conveying to him a certain property. This was perhaps the strangest case ever brought into the police court. On the lirstday of hearing the accused were generally regarded as knowing more of the matter than their counsel seemed prepared to admit they did and betting was freely indulged in as to tbe consequences of the hearing. And the odds were rather againBt an acquittal than in favor of a conviction. The parties themselves were however confident and on the second day their confidence was proved to be fully justified by the non appearance of the prosecutor and their triumphant acquittal. ThiB case presents some strange features. Conspiracy is a crime second only in its direful effects to murder. Men who would conspire for one purpose would not hesitate to conspire for any other and neither the lives, reputations, nor property of citizens would be safe. Out of conspiracy have arisen convictions of men afterwards proved to be innocent of grave crimes for which they have spent years in gaol and passed in deBpaiiing bitterness tbe brightest years of their lives. The law regards this as one of the most serious crimes in the calendar and in this colony at least provides the minimum penalty of five years' imprisonment. The making of a charge of c jnspiracy is as grave an offcnce as the crime itself, for the man who would, without sufficient warrant, bring such an accusation against reputable men would probably not hesitate at the commission of a capital oflence. By his absence from the court on the day of trial the plaintiff Harford admitted that the charge be had made against Messrs Lipman, Vincent, and Scott was absolutely groundless, and be had no foundation whatever for the charge which be had made. The accused were put to all the expense and annoyance, and at least temporary loss of prestige consequent on the defence of a charge of which tbey were innocent, This follows as a matter of course. Tbe absence of the accuser plainly indicated that his accusation was unfounded and tbe charge had been brought for purposes which will suggest themselves to the least guileful of tbe community. It may with reason be asked whether a man, making such a charge and at the last moment practically withdrawing it and admitting by his non-appearance that it was baseless, cannot be reached by the long arm of the law, and made to suffer punishment equal to the enormity of his offence. Such a man is a deadly mcnacc to the safety of the citizens. He employs hia brains, or what does duty for brains, in scheming how he may best defraud his fellows. In hiB wicked mind at length a plan by whict^ he may blackmail men of repute, develops. He works out the detail of the scheme and with the links in hiB chain of false evidence completed, presents himself to the parties and demands the price of hiB silence. Surely, such a man has no place in a law-abiding and, at least, tolerably honest community, and there should be, if there is not, a provision in the law by which he may be reached, and made to suffer a a juBt punishment for his misdoing. With this charge, the New Year list of crimes and malefactions ends. As we have said before, friends in the East and the Older World reading doubtless exaggerated reports, of the occurrences in their sequence will regard our city as a veritable Alsatia, and the home of a happily assorted crowd of tonghB and desperadoes of the very hardest kind, which will be an utter mistake. Except on occasions when what appears to be an epidemic of crime develops, and a heat wave of immorality passes over the community, leaving UB, its consequenoe, a list of offences of the gravest kind, we are an essentially law-abiding, truth loving, cleanly living, and fairly decent population. The raining expert no longer booms wild cats to the spoiling of the people outside our coast' line. He, who formerly dressed in pa ' and fine linen and fed himself on the fat of the land, with champagne a9 his morning beverage, champagne at his midday meal, champagne with his dinner, and champagne as his sweet solace and comfort bedtime, now prowls about tbe Btreets of the city in a costume com posed largely of patches,- eats where he can, and what be can get, and is thankful to the Gods if once a day he receives an invitation to breast the bar and moisten his arid throat with the contents of an ordinary pewter. The share sharp is very much less in evidence than he was a year ago. He, too, is less assertive than he was in thoBe golden days. HiB occupation is largely gone, and it is not too much to say, in very many cases, the departure of the Broker and Share Shover has been a distinct gain to the community, and calculated to elevate its moral tone considerably. The strange woman and the stranger man who fattens upon her are also less in evidence than of yore. The morals of the community are probably more lax than in the older settlements of the East. Profanity interlards the speech of every citizen, with the exception, perhaps, of the clergy, and there is more profane and vigorous eloquence in the emphatic 4 Dear" of the Shepherd than in the " Damn" of one of the unregeneiate of hia flock ; but, with few exceptions, the community is reputable and the people, manly, womanly and sympathetic with each other. Here, at least, no man need starve. None sick or distressed need fear for lack of assistance. No actual WBnt exists and the " unemployed " as an institution has yet to establish himBelf on the field. . We are not without our nnisance. We have the heat and dust, and miseries of this veritable City of tbe Plains, whose territory is as much in the air as it is on earth four days a »eet This in itself is calculated to provoke profanity if nothing worse. It drives men lo drink and women to wrath and causes mnch of the cursing and lamentation which otherwise would be'absent; added to this, it is on days when even the righteous man doubts if Hell is as faraway as London, that the ioeworks break down and none the cooling medium is obtainable for love r money. Everything drinkable iB warm ; verything eatable is gritty; everything mokable is -dry, and the citizen lone is moist. The clothes cling to him a soak of perspiration, Tbe sand, a fine Impalpable powder, finds its way through or beneath hiB garments and leaves him a perambulating mud-heap until the cool shades ot night change the mud on his skin to dust again, and he shakes it off with the discarding of his apparel. Another nuisance, and one which should be suppressed by Actof Parliament or bylaw of tbe Municipal Council, is the bicycling fiend, who whizzes round street corners at an unknown number of miles an hour, and whose chief delight seems to he to ride so closely to pedestrians that the handle-bars of his machine jnst graze his clothing. These "scorchers," as they are termed, provoke nervous and excitable men and women into the committal of serious offences, since tbe desire to commit a crime is. we arc informed on good authority, equivalsnt to its commission. The wish that these flying men on wheels were to fall of or to run into a cart, or be flattened out by a falling telegraph post, or otherwise injured, and permanently damaged, is expressed at least a score of .times a day in this town alone. If ther have bells, they do not ring them, in fact their delight appears to be to steal softly upon the unwary pedestrian, and scare him or her out of his senses, and the man on the road has no remedy. -By the time ne has decided upon what he would like to hive done, the nuisance is speeding away like a tel°graui in the distance, and with his head bowed down, over the hindies of the machine, is rapidly gaining on another victim. Doubtless when a city councillor or a policeman is struck amidships by the wheel of a scircher, who ha9 miscalculated bis distance, an Act will be introduced compelling cyclists to carry a bell by day and a lamp by night, the former to be rung by way of warning to citizens who are content to move on the twi legs which God has given them, and still regaid life as sufficiently long to enable them to get through what they have to do at a walking pace. Judging by the speed at which business iB transacted in Coolgardie some of uur people will have to carry a lot of their work into the ledger of eternity, for life will be altogether too short to permit of their performing their allotted task. And it is quite on the cards that the day is approaching when in our hurry and bustle we may put up a record equal to that lately established by an Amcri cau who was seen rushing down the street cutting his throat with a razor as lie ran. He had not time even to sit down to commit suicide. 