THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natirea of India, who lire up among the Himalaya Mountains. These old men, it is said, hare deroted soores or years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world lcnows nothing about. Lately a German professor risited the " adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurrily, but in terested him alt the same. One day the pro fessor wanted to examiue some ancient San skrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a care wherein the books were kept. The place was as dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read here," said the risitor. " Then, we will hare some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the care. He could not tell whenoe it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—if east not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to bsliere, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of rnst learning and high oharacter, and you who now read it hare no reason for doubt, except that all the lights you liare seen hare oast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly rune parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed et the aeoount of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill fur years.snd failed to find a cure ie sceptical when, faiends Jell him of a medicine which they beliere Will make him well. What else hut doubt could result from bis experience ? Take an ex smote :— " In the spring of 1888," writes our corre spondent, " I fell into a loir, week, end languid state. I felt loir-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomaoli was deranged, ray appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the ohest. I was rauoh troubled with wind and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nerrousness and great de prus-inn of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had alwaya a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested and gradually ail nerrousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or eeen it used, I now gladly admit its value and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for wtiioh I thank Mother Seigoi's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffith's, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hookley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr, Griffith's candid letter end the story about the light that east no shadow. The '.latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy wit ness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there ia nothing mystio or magical about Mother 8aigel'e Curative Syrup. It aots on the theory that most ailmeute are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal' disease—indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hoartba end homes where illness and pain had oast auoh dark and terrifying shadows, And that is why people believe all that is told of its anocass by. eager witnesses, 7-14-J1 