STA&BLAND.; . ? ^ ? - ' - ONSIDERINGr the dull season, ? ^i ? the local theatres are doing, eatils '.-- ~ ?** ./^ sfactory ? -Jjusihessj . vuader.v she. -,- £s-I- nV - *.R«1 Hobp.';at Hier.Majesty'.s. en-, tiers upon Its tmra -wee& ui-iugau ' 4. Prodigal Pa.ther,'^ with Miss Maggie Mopre and Mr.-. H. B...KO ? fcerts In ' ccin&aaial; paj*s, ''makes'- ''? tb& trails of .the Jtoyal mightly. re sounii: Tipdtli laiignter; and;at. the Criterion 'The IJnchess of. Oool gardie' affords glimpses of the realism of the golA fields. In Melbourne the attendances at the Bijou, where the Broughs are appearing in 'The XJars, ' are said to be reminiscent of the old days of the Brough-Boucioault successes. 'La Poupee' still holds the boards at the Princess. 'Sporting Life' is doing well at the Koyal; -and at the Alexan ^ ? dria, under the stage manage ) ment of John 'Wallace, 'The Kelly Gang' supplies the ever-present demand for sensational drauic The Knight-Ferrar Company, at the conclusion ox ibfieawi at Her Majesty's begrms a .tour .of New Zealand at Wellitgton on Boxing night. It BWo years since the company left JEngland. Mr. Julius Knight hopes to return Londonwards about May next. 'Mr Geb Beauchamp, whose droll effusions will long lineer in the memory of TSvoli patrons, took a fare w?U benefit 'at the Opera House, Melbourne, on Wed n^^Wal^er^wnlow-sI1TOice'has apparently suf fered nothing since he withdrew from the boards^and SS.de his home in the west. He sang at a^Melbourne ?Top' concert the other evening, and received an '^American contemporary has the followingol an old^ydney favorite :-'Hilda Spong is a new EagUsh actress engaged for Pinero's play by Daniel Frohman. Mr. r!g. Knowles, 'The Peculiar,' who delighted Syaney audiences some time since, is wifflJU-. x. Hayden Clarendon, another well-known comedian. buUding a theatre a,t Tottenham, a North London suburb. ' Mr. Knowles has lately been in bad health. In .'M.A.P..*' Mr. T. P. O'Connor writes of Miss Ada Crossley, the Ausrralian contralto: 'Socially, her suc cess has been much enhanced by the halo of glorious golden hair that crowns her happy, laughing face, a willowy and elegant figure, -ind a happy faculty for dis covering charming frocks and wearing them with a. simple grace as natural and refreshing as her unaffect ed, buoyant manner.' _*. * , t--_t ? Out- of- fifty-two ^dramatic and lyric artists in Paris who have a1 telephone fixed in their homes, no fewer than forty-seven are ladies. Among '.-them are the Divine Sarah and Yvette Guilbert. - ,_._,.,. A gentleman who recently visited Shakspere s birth place, writes to a London paper that unless something is done to protect them, the mass of names on the wails and ceilings of the bard's birth-room must soon dis appear. ' The hot-water pipes in winter cause the plas ter to peel offl, and it seems that, owing to this agency, the signatures of Tennyson and Dickens have already disappeared. Lord Esher is not the only man (says 'M.A.P.') who. Trappist fashion, has arranged his own buryrag place during his lifetime. Among the 'tombs of the liv ing' is one which Sir Squire Bancroft has erected in Brompton cemetery. It is a plain but beautiful structure of Aberdeen granite, and on its door of brass is the name of 'Bancroft,' with the legend: From shadows and fancies to the truth.' Cissy Loftus is reported to have separated from her husband, Mr. Justin Huntley M'Carthy. ? B. J: Lonnen and Xohn F. Sheridan are on a tour in England with their musical recitals. Miss Alice Leth bridge is in the companv, and the other members in clude Miss Grade Whiteford and Mr. Bert Williams. Ellen Terry has been .married three times, and is now a. grandmother. Her successive spouses were: George Godwin, the .-architect, formerly editor of the 'Buil- der;' J. H. Watts, the artist; Charies Kelly (formerly an officer in the army — his- real name being -Wardell), the actor; all now deceased. Ellen's autobiography ought to be interesting reading. Charles Lecocq, the composer of 'Madame Angot' and many other delightful works, cannot bear to see the performance of one of his operas. One of his tor tures, he says, is to hear his own music played. The ushers at Koster and Bial's, in New York, have struck against scarlet coats, knee breeches, and white wigs, with moustaches not permitted. A -M~grnr pressman asked Miss Fortescue, apropos of Mr. Clement Scott's famous recantation, what she thought of the' morals of the stage. Miss Fortescue replied: 'I have nothing to do with the morals of the stage, neither to pronounce for them, nor to denounce them. The morals of the ' stage axe, I suppose, the same as anywhere else, good and bad. There have been infamous queens and good dairymaids, and good queens and infamous dairymaids. I «m like the musician Rossini, who, on being asked which music he liked best, replied, . 'There are, only two kinds of music, good and bad- I like the former.' ' There is no r-cord in English history of an actor being a -candidate for Parliamentary honors. In France, M. Coquelin has been proposed as Deputy for Boulogne sur Mer, a state of things which prompts the Italian newspaper; 'Ideale,' to recall the case of Gustave Mo deno, the great tragedian patriot, and soldier of the Revolution, who was a member of the Tuscan Chamber with Giuseppe Giusti. Cesare Rossi, another Italian actor, was offered, but refused, a seat In Parliament. Ibsen has given an unqualified ct*ntradiction -to the report that he had been subjected to annoyance by the vulgar curiosity of Etaglish tourists. So far from being annoyed, the Norwegian dramatist is 'deeply sensible of, and genuinely grateful for, the courtesy and indul gence Invariably shown him by the English public' . Mr. M. A. Kinghorne, who, in 1884-85, toured India, Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand with Miss Marie De Grey, playing in old comedy, is now appearing as Snicky Hobart, in 'The Little Minister' at the London Haymarket. Mr. Kinghorne has haa a -varied career. Besides the 'legitimate' drama, he has played panto mime at' Drury-lane and in many other theatres, and appeared in sketches at the Middlesex, the Metropoli tan, and various other music halls. Incidentally, he has been 'corner-man' and bass singer with a. min strel troupe; he has seen something of circus life, and has acted in the 'oven' of a ghost show. He has been a sailor, an engineer, and a clerk to a drysalter. The taste of the public in theatrical matters pendu lates, it has been said; rather than progresses. At one time the pendulum inclines to the problem play, at an other, to the play with a purpose. Just now It is swung hard back to the romantic drama. Conse quently, a revival has set in in this particular branch of dramatic literature, and to it we owe such fine plays as 'A Royal Divorce,' 'The Prisoner of Zenda,' and 'Under the Red Robe' — to mention only those with which Sydney, playgoers are familiar. The latest productions of this class Include no less than three ver sions of Dumas' s 'Three Musketeers,' all of which have appeared In London within & few weeks of each other. That by Mr. Sydney Grundy, was, as the cable apprised us, produced at Her Majesty's Theatre on Thursday. evening last.' It is described as a 'superb pageant,' and Mrs. Brown-Potter, who played the part of the -Countess De Winter, better known as Miladi, is credited, with having achieved 'a remarkable success.' These adaptations, of course, are by no means the first which have appeared of Dumas's fascinating romance. Half a century ago the story took dramatic shape in Paris, under .the title 'La Jeunesse des Mousquetaijesi' and .an English version was produced with much suc cess In Loodon by Chas. Rice in October, 1856. Mme. Melba will spend Christmas in the States. She has recently returned from Milan, whither she had gone to 'read' with Signor Puccini, the principal part in his opera 'La Vie de Boheme.' . On the way the prima donna baited at Paris, to replenish her stock of costumes. It may be a great privilege that of being a first nighter in London, but it has Its drawbacks. First night performances there not infrequently last till after midnight. 'The Great Ruby,' the new drama by Messrs. C. Raleigh and H. Hamilton, which Mr. Bland Holt has purchased for Australia, did not con clude till 10 minutes past 12, and the curtain rose punc tually at 7.30. Of course, before it reaches us the 'Ruby' will be judiciously cut and polished. Herein lies the advantage which the Australian playgoer pos sesses over the Londoner. Thanks to his geographical position, he escapes the 'failures,' and when he sees a successful play, he sees it at its best. The management of the Theatre Metropole, Devpn port, recently hit upon a peculiar, but effective, method of advertising the drama 'A .Spin for Life.' A pseudo convict, In the- broad arrow costume, 'scorched' through the streets on a bicycle, hotly pursued by a policeman, also on wheels. When the sensation natu rally was at its climax both pursuer and pursued were stopped in their mad career 'ty a real limit) of the law, who fell into the trap set for him by arresting the pair ior naing to tne common danger or tne puouc Our late visitor, Mr. Wilson Barrett, discourses as follows to an Edinburgh interviewer: 'Shakspere has not spelt ruin, or if it has it has been ruin of a very rosy kind to me. Previous to my visit to Australia my own play, The Sign or tne . Cross,' held all records, but my productions of ' 'Hamlet, ? 'Othello,' and 'Virginius* established a. record it would be hard to beat. Am I to say that I am sorry or glad to tell you that at al most every performance given by my company In Aus tralia hundreds were turned away unable to . obtain standing room even?' :'You have been wonderfully fortunate In your selection of plays. What Is your talisman?' ^'The talisman of the pre-Raphaellte paint ers, 'Earnestness and truth.' I like my plays to have a purpose, and an earnest one, too. I like them to be true; true. to what is bestih men and women.' 'Y©u believe greatly, then, in the stage as an educational in fluence?' 'How can I help it? I must believe what £ «ee_; .. I lcaew-*it- Js said that- the' oSject'oT the stage should be primarily to amuse, and a very good object, too. But I. am really not so sure that we ought not rather to say1 that the object of the stage is primarily/ to instruct and educate in an enjoyable manner. The other day: I saw a schoolboo-k for little children called 'Reading Without Tears.' I think it taught the children -to read almost 'wholly by means of pictures. Well, you know there are a good many grown- up babies who like to learn in the same way. 3' was extremely pleased and. gratified to see to what a large extent the Shakspere societies, debating clubs, etc., In Australia made ? use off ' my Shaksperian productions tor educa-1 tlonal purposes, and the eagerness with which they fol lowed the text.' Mr. Barrett's season was undeniably a successful one,' but Is there not just a touch of romance about that statement -rf hundreds being turned away at almost every performance? With the actor- manager's views on the stage as an educational medium, we are already familiar.- One would fain allow that the stage wields a-U --the influence which he claims for it, but, unfortu nately,. the subject is as polemical as Mr. Barrett's own 'reading' of Hamlet:-. The dramatic critic at the Lon don 'Times' - declares that he has -sat out all plays of -Importance during twelve years, and Is not con scious pst. having- benefited a ha'porth, intellectually, by what he has seen on the stage, or heard from It. In his opinion, the educational theory is mere foolish ness. A play never has been, and never -will, he says, be anytWrtg butan -entertainment. After all, a good deal depends on the temperament of '.the spectator. . Tutter ent:- people are affected in different, ways'. -' -Some plays have a distinctly elevating tendency. : Others would' not elevate ah ox, and even fall short of providing en tertainmeijt. If, however, Mr. Barrett, and those who 'think .with .him, be right In regarding the stage, as a. teaching medium. It may be said, In the words of a captious critic, that the stage accomplishes Its work without the expenditure of a great deal of brain power or ^histrionic -ability. ! . ' ' . - ; A good etory is going around about President M'JTinley. A reporter on one of the leading papers vas Bent to interview him ona matter the President was -not at liberty to reveal or the paper to inquire into. On being told that.the information; could- not be given out, he -said-: . *'^«ti^b#^:I^t^^^thbnt»'7xtoi7f'3E'.«biai'' ;iiiinifor-yea^;Baid,-'3tti;hey discharge you, -Fli: matejouaxionsul,' They'did, and the President &ept;'Me iword. _. 