tKIjONBlTKE 5 v OR, i THE STRUGGLE FOR FORTUNE. TALE OF THE GREAT GOLDFIELDS OF 'NORTH-WEST CANADA. By the Author .of "Somoza," "Mysterious Mr Howard," etc.. 'YutapteR XXXIII.— (Continued). glie told liim he must pretend to be a great deal worse than he really was, and- she would report that she believed he was going to die. He at once fell in With the plan, wittt tne assurance uiat as soon as he was strong enough he was to start secretly for the camp where Laura was waiting for her companion to join them. While Laura was in no im mediate danger, they could afford to bide their time. Kate Willis kept the Indians and Cum mins away from the prisoner, and re ported that he was "sinking all the time. She said he could not live many days unless there was a change. Meanwhile there was an alteration in the guard. Cummins was relieved, and four men sent to take his place. The Indians went with Cummins, and Kate had four white men to contend with. Ben Allen wanted to take the sick man back to Skaguay, but Kate declared he was unable to stand the journey, and they must not think of it. "If he's goin' to die, it makes it so much the better," Morris argued to his companions, when they were alone in their quarters. "We don't care how soon lie passes in his checks." "No; but there is the woman," said Mien; "we must do something with her." Ned Padgett recommended his knotted stick as an agent sure to do its work well. "No, no, Ned; we're going to get through this without any blood-letting," declared Allen. "My hands are clear of that, and I intend to keep them so." "Well, there's one thing I'd like to know," Tom Ambrose interposed. "What is it, Tom?" ' "This sick chap is Paul; but what be come of the old captain?" "Yes; that's a question I'd like t' have answered myself," said Padgett, sucking the knotted end of his stick. "If he's a-rambling round loose in the woods he might be able t' harm us when we don't know it." "Maybe Paul would know." "No; it seems Paul and the captain be came separated in the woods. No one knows the story of how it was done, hut it was done some way, and he is here; that is all any of us know." "I'd like to crack his head with my slick for his cracltin' my chest with a blow," declared Padgett. Kate often eavesdropped the four men When at quarters, and gained enough of their plans to realise that they must act promptly. Paul had recovered rapidly. He had no arms, but she knew where an extra rifle and pistol could be found, and, securing them, hid them under his bed. The very night the "Old Man of the Mountains," as he called himself, so sud denly appeared in the tent where Laura was expelling her unwelcome suitor, they prepared to set out. Kate had a small bottle of spirits which she put in a larger bottle, and diluted with water. This she placed where they would be sure to find it, and while it was not quite enough to make them drunk, it kept them engaged early in the evening, so that soon after dark she and Paul set out along the trail up the Yukon. The night was sharp and frosty, and the snow frozen hard. The stars shone brightly in the heavens, hut there was no moon. Tlie Northern Lights, how ever, lent a glow to the scene. Cummins had been sent away that 'day, and the four men, they had reason to suppose, were too much occupied to notice their absence. On and on they hastened over the frozen snow, and Paul's heart began to beat with pleasure. But hark! What a'e those ominous sounds? They have been four or five hours on the route when they hear the sound of feet crushing the hardened snow. "Paul," Kate whispers, "we are pur sued!" : "I know it." ! "Can you run?" "I can, and I can do more — I can slioct.." "Hun first and shoot when you have to. Gimme yer hand." The strong woman took his hand in her own, and they ran along the snow- covered trail swiftly as hares. They were almost at the point where the river as crossed on the ice when a voice be hind them cried: i 'Tliere they go!" I "Halt! Stop, or we'll fire!" Paul wheeied about and levelled hie i e at one. of the dark objects coming him- Hils aim was sure, and in another second he would have sent a im.il oi-aclting- through the rascal's i but just .as -his flngper was ready tlle Sger, he was struck a . . between the shoulders which sent nun sprawliqg in the snow. Cummins, going after reinforce- hioment Came up at this inopportune tried St in d0n t shoot' boys!" he Rate -nnmmins had no easy" victory. 'ace xma +lf ®truck hkn a blow on the tried to take the knife from his belt, when Ben Davis and his compa nions came and helped him tie the shrieking woman. Paul was just recovering from the force of the stunning blow he had re ceived when he was seized. "What'll we do with 'em?" asked one. "Take 'em to the cave; it's not far away. Tie 'em and leave 'em there," said Cummins. "We've already got one in there." The two prisoners were lifted from the ground and carried to the cavern, where they were left tied hard and fast, their fates to be determined later, « Paul Miller was not unconscious at any time, and, when he found himself tied, lying on the hard floor of the cavern, he began to calculate on his chances. Suddenly he heard a groan in the dark ness. "Kate — Kate! WaS that you?" he whispered. "No," was the answer. "Who was it?" And another hollow groan came on their ears. CHAPTER XXXIV.— A CANINE FRIEND. "Great goodness gracious! What is it?" shrieked Kate Willis. "What is it?" "Hush, Kate!" whispered Paul. "Some other unfortunate is here as well as ourselves." "It's someone as Is dead. Oh, I'm afeard it's a ghost!" "No, no; it's no ghost." Then came another deep groan, which seemed to be only a few paces away. "Who are you?" asked Paul. "I'm Ben Holton," came a feeble an swer. ! "I ain't done nuthin' t' be tied up here an' left t' die in this way." "Who tied you?" "Mr Lackland and another man. They choked me until I was almost dead," he answered, in a feeble voice. "I know him," gasped Kate. "He was Laura's faithful servant." "And has been captured like ourselves, and put in this cavern," said Paul. "They are up to some supreme mischief to-night. O God, give me strength to brealc these bonds and go to her rescue!" '"Tain't no use tryin' t' break 'em," declared Kate. - "I've bin tryin' t do it myself, but I can't, and I know you can't." Paul had already learned it was use less to struggle with the thongs. His anxiety and despair can better be ima gined than described. He was a help less captive, and the friends who would aid him were captives like himself, and all alike— powerless. His companion in his many wanderings through the moun tains and glaciers of Alaska he had long since given up for dead. There was no human hand to give him aid, and in his despair he appealed to Heaven. After all, when human skill has been ex hausted, we jioor worms of the dust turn our attention to the Great Ruier of the Universe for aid. To come so near rescuing the object of his affections and fail, was trying to Paul. As for himself, Paul cared nothing. His thoughts were of Laura, whom he loved better than life. In the anguish of his soul, he groaned: " Oh, Laura, Laura, why can I not reach your side and save you from those fiends?" "Look hex-e, Paul," said Kate, who, when she learned that there was no dan ger from ghosts, became brave and thoughtful. "Quit that ravin', and let's git out o' this!" "That's what I'm trying to do," he answered. "Well, j-e'll never do it a-takin' on that way." "What must I do?" "I've just bin a-thinkin', if you could crawl over to me, or I would crawl over to you, and we'd git back t' back, we might untie each othei-'s hands." "That's a capital idea!" Paul de clared. But when they tried to put the plan in execution they found it impossible. The shrewd rascals had anticipated some such scheme, for their thongs had been tied to large stones, and to move was wholly impossible. "We can't do it," said Paul. "Well, I hain't goin' to give up," de clared Kate." I am goin' to leave this dark cave, if I have to twist my hands off." Paul tried to lay on his back and rub his wrists against the sharp stones until the thongs were cut, but found it utter ly impossible. "It's no use. I should die of starvation before I could release my hands," he said to his companion. Old Ben Holton, who had been very Toughly handled, was suffering consid erably from the usage. "How long have you been here?" Paul asked. "I don't know." "Do you know how long they intend keeping us here?" "Until we starve!-" "I ain't a-goin' to stay here until I starve," cried Kate. 'Til tear the rocks out o' the cellar first." Paul at this moment heard the tread of a sentry near the mouth of the ca vern, and realised that they would still be prisoners, even if their hands should he released, The slow, solemn tread of the sentry, walking to and fro across the entrance of the cavern, fell on the ears of the three prisoners. "I am goin' t' die!" groaned old Ben Holton, whose position could not haye been more uncomfortable. He was ly ing on his back on the hard stones, his head aching and his limbs tied so tight that he could not move. "I am goin' t' die! I know I sliall die!" "Don't die here, Ben, cried Kate. "Jest wait an' live to hang them fellers yet." "They've driv me like a nigger all day an' then tied me here, an' me got the rheumatism, the chills, an' lumbago so I can't hardly live." "I'm goin' t' git out here! I'm a-goin' t' git out!" cried the angry woman. "Let me -out o' here, or I'll yell! I'll call for help if ye don't come and let me out!" As no one came to "let her out," she carried out her threat, and made the cave resound with her cries, until her companions were almost deafened, but accomplishing nothing. At last, when she had yelled herself hoarse, the sen try took a step inside the cavern ana said : "I say, you screeching tarmagant, when ye git done, quit." "I won't!" "Well, then, yell on." "Come an' let me out." "I ain't a-goin! to do it." "Then I'll holler till somebody comes by." The sentry, with a chuckle, answered: "Who'll, be apt t' come by, my she- tiger? It'll be nothin' more'n a Polar bear or wolf, ef anything hears ye at all." "Come and let me out! Here's a man dyin'!" "Let him die!" "I'll holler." "Then yell; I don't care. Yell till ye bust yer throat, or the ears o' the people in the cave. It won't hurt me;" and lie turned about and walked away. Kate Willis, who had never, as she said, "been outdone before," again set up a screech, but soon learned it was all to no purpose. . Her screeching and yelling only made Iher throat sore, and deafened her friends. Paul at last said : "It only increases your own misery and does no good, so you had better keep quiet." "Oh, I'd like to box his jaws!" the irate woman declared. Paul made no answer. He had deep thoughts, but kept those to himself. Paul had been a conscientious man — one who would not have done any one an in jury under any circumstances; but he had been changed by the inhumanity of these unscrupulous men, whose cruelty had turned the heart of Paul Miller to stone, and. as he lay there in the cave, bearing his suffering without a mur mur, he gnashed his teeth in silent rage. He still had faith that Heaven would never permit such an evil as they con templated to succeed. How divine in terposition would come he had no idea, but he believed it would come. At that very moment Paul had a faith ful friend, of whom he had never thought, coming to him. The dog cou rier that had borne the tidings that he and his companion were perishing in the forest had always shown a strange fondness for him. While he lay ill at tile hut the dog was nearly always at his side. Often when Paul was asleep his faithful canine friend lay stretched up on the earthern floor, gazing fondly and anxiously into his face. When he began to show signs of recovering, the look of joy in the dog's eyes was apparent. We rely least on our truest friends. In distress or need the piost devoted friend is often forgotten. It was so in Paul's case. His truest friend was the dumb animal. A man can never sink so low that his dog will desert him. ' On the night Paul left, his canine friend was tied with the other dogs, lest he should follow and betray their flight. The dumb brute determined to follow, and when Paul was gone, set to work to deliberately gnaw the seal riata in twain. His sharp teeth did the work, and his keen sense of smell soon told him the course they had travelled, and he was on the scent. Before he had gone far he found others had crossed the trail. This bothered and delayed him, frequently throwing him off the track, but he always came back to it in the end, and finally stopped at the cavern. Here the shrewd animal found a sen try on guard. His keen instinct pointed out the enemy as well as the friend, and he shrank from the former. Crouching down close against the side of the rock, half-hidden by the snow, he lay there until the sentry turned his back on him and walked to the other side of the open ing ; then the dog stole noiselessly in side, and made his way to the man whom he acknowledged master. Paul was lost in painful thought, when he suddenly felt the touch of a cold nose- tip on his cheek, and became aware that a friend was near. The dog sniffea about him for a moment, and, reach ing his wrists at last, realising that something was wrong, seized the thongs with his teeth and began pulling at them." "What is that noise?" asked Kate Willis. "Be quiet!" Paul answered, in an un dertone. "It sounds like a dog eatin' ye up." "It's all right. Keep quiet and say nothing, whatever may happen." "Why, ye don't hope " "Don't say anything," he interrupted. The sharp teeth of the dog were si lently cutting the thongs which tied his master. In a few minutes Paul's hands were free. Fearing the animal would incautiously evince his delight by barks of joy, Paul seized him and clap-- ped his hands over his mouth, whisper ing "Lie down!" The trained beast obeyed, and the liberated master, un tying his ankles, crept to where Kate sat against the big i-oclt, her arms tied round it. "Who's that?" she asked. " Keep quiet!" he whispered. Kate was a bit nervous, and very anxious to know if there was any chance for es cape; but she restrained her natural in clination and said nothing. Paul l-eleased her, and went next to old Ben Holton, who was groaning as if he were breathing his last. "What d'ye mean?" he asked. "Don't talk, but keep up your groan ing!" Paul whispered. The old fellow, dumb with astonish ment for a moment, finally blurted out: "Be ye a-goin' t' untie me?" "No, no, ye won't!" roared the sentry, who began to suspect what was up. Lighting a torch, he started to the in- terior of the cavern, where the captives had been left, when suddenly there came a sharp growl, an oath, a ciy, and a man was on his back, a furious dog at his thi- oat. CHAPTER XXXV.— THE LOST FOUND. While the stirring events just narrated were transpiring in the grotto, two men but a few miles below the valley were making their way along the trail made in the snow by old Ben Holton and the Indians. "Can you follow it, Glum?" asked the young man, who was Clarence Berry. "Yes, I kin follow it," he answered. "It's very dark." "But old Borealis will soon be lettin' in his rays." "I wonder who we are tracking?" Glum Ralston shook his great shaggy head, and answered that he didn't know, unless they were a party of Klondykers on their waydown the river. The two men had travelled hard all day, and were very tired ; but, continually spur red on with the hope of meeting some human being, they did not slacken their pace. "Are you growing tired, Glum?" Cla rence Berry asked. "Yes; but I can go on awhile longer." "Keep up as long as you can, for we shall soon unravel this mystery. We'll know why those three men came down the trail and turned back. Can you make anything out from their tracks?" asked Clarence. "Yes; there was one white man and two Indians." "Perhaps the white man is Paul." " No, tne old nunter and ex-sanor answered. "The foot's too broad, and then this is an old man who made this ti'ack." "How do you know it was an old man?" "By the short steps he takes. I tell ye, lad, when ye've spent twenty years a-studyin' the sings under the trainin' o' Injuns, ez I have, ye' 11 know a blamed sight better how to foller a trail'n ye do now." "You are correct. Glum Ralston. After all, man's education must come from nature, and these poor creatures, whose wisdom and civilisation we despise, are in some things superior to our boasted college lore. The Indian knows more of the habits of the animal he hunts than the most skilful natural scien tists." The two travellers followed the trail until they came to where a portion of the tracks led up the stream, and some went across the river. Here Glum Ral ston called a halt. He stood looking at the footprints in the snow, and shook his great shaggy old head like one in doubt. Two or three times Clarence was on the point of making some sug gestion or asking a question, but re frained breaking in on the old mail's meditations. "Wall, I want t' tell ye I'm a mite wool- gathered," the old man gx-owled, as he gazed at the footprints, "Here's moccasined feet crossin' the river, and then there comes four men from up the river.and cross over, and three go that way. But, after all, more go over than stay behind, so it's my opinion that we'll find the camp on the other side." "Is the ice strong enough to bear our weight?" asked Clarence. "Yes; others went over." "Maybe in the current the water is running." Glum Ralston shook his head, say ing : "No, 'tain't; think ye'll find it frozen over all the way across." "I see a light!" "Whei'e?" "Look across the river to the left of that jutting crag." Glum Ralston turned his eyes in the direction indicated, and said: "Yes; now I see it— now I don't." "It seems moving about" "There is someone in the valley." "Do you suppose, Glum, that we shall find my poor friend, Paul Miller, when we get over?" "I don't know. There hasn't been a blessed sign o' him, so far; hut this old man's track may be the trail o' his com panion, the cap'n." "Has he crossed the river?" , (To he continued.) 