, MELBOURNE, .SATURDAY, 18th Junk, 1898. The Rev. Canon' Spencer, of Albury, wants to.ostracise from public life in New South Wales all candidates who are not good' enough for his daughters to take afternoon tea with. He says that many men, morally bad, get into' Parliament, and he pleads for an elector's purge. Per-' haps' it is the memory of a Gladstone, over whose tomb the funeral llowers have not' yet withered, who lived, as one of the Rev. Mr. Spencer's clerical colleagues recently- said,/ " filled with the Holy Ghost," - and ;who died in- the odor of sanctity, who .gives -new birth to the old aspiration .for a commingling of the politician dud' the saint. But whatever it he, that aspiration' .will be just as foredoomed to failure as have been all such speculations in the past. It would he a very excellent thing, no doubt, if all the Parliaments of the world could be filled with- high soulcd gentle men, - the chastity of whoso honor felt , oven the breath of suspicion as a wound. But equally so would it be delect able if all judges, lawyers, doctors, and even kings and kaisers, could be placed on the same moral pedestal. But what would have been thought of the pharisaism of a country which had tolerated a George the Fourth on the throne, if it had turned up its sanctified nose at a Charles James Fox in Parliament ? " There is no king," said the fifth Harry, on the eve of Agincourt,' " be his cause never so spotless, if it come " to the arbitrament of swords, can try it "out with all unspotted soldiers. Some, " peradventure, have on them the guilt of " premeditated and contrived murther ; "some, of beguiling virgins with the " broken seals of perjury; some, making " the wars their bulwark, that have before " gored the gentle bosom of peace with " pillage and robbery. Now, if these men " have defeated the law and outrun native "punishment, though they can out- " strip men, they have no wings " to fly from God." If every adul terer or other backslider is to be rigidly excluded from Parliament because decent people would exclude him from their drawingrooms, by the same law Nelson ought to have been deprived of his command before Trafalgar. One of the Irish prelates, in the time of the Parnell scandal, when showing cause why Parnell was unfit for the trust of the Irish people, said :— " As to the question whether Par- "nell's moral guilt in the O'Shea case " called /for His.ietiial Jfroiga .the leader- '" shippf./'fhp/IridMty, ; freely ad- "mit thgt no absolute law can be laid " down. Men of bad moral character are, " unfortunately, only too often employed " in high public office — as Lord Nelson in " England, Herbert Bismarck in Germany, " aiid Crispi in Italy. There is no moral " law which compels us, either individually " or in a body,' never to employ the ser- " vices of adulterers, thieves, or mur- derers, provided the ends for which we " employ them are themselves righteous. " . . . This is not a question of abstract " right ; it is simply one of common sense." The prelate held that the circumstances must determine in every case. Where, as in the case of the - great Home Rule leader, the man was not merely a con victed adulterer, but a, proved liar amongst his bosom frignds and compan ions, the scandal of his employment would outweigh any meritorious service. he might render. In the opinion of many men the case of Sir Charles Dilke was an aggra. vated example of the most repellent features of Parnellism, and such as a self- respecting country should have branded with political ostracism, seeing that in the Dilke case 'perjury was superadded to the grosser form of rupturing the matrimonial contract. ' Yet the free electors of tho Forest of Dean politically whitewashed the besmirched baronet and sent him back to the House of Commons to speak in their name. It may he urged by the reverend gentle man in Albury, who is asking for the puri fication of the New South Wales Legisla ture, that in doing this tho Forest electors of England voluntarily shared in the odium -that hangs like a noxious vapor around the name of Dilke. But that is a perilous position to assume. Most men will be.in- clined rather to agree with the philosophy of Mr. Frederic Harrison, that it is mere extravagance to assert that all sexual vice disqualifies a man for public affairs ; that such a doctrine would strike off from the service 'of their fellow citizens — Wellington, Nelson, Palmerston, Garibaldi and Gambetta. ' If immoral livers are not to be employed in Parliament, why tolerate them on tho throne ; and if kingship is to depend upon conjugal fidelity, how many thrones would at once be declared' vacant, with few suc cessors qualified to put on "the round and " top of sovereignty"? In such a case Macaulay's pet hero of "glorious, pious, "and immortal memory " would have found no more excuse for wearing the British diadem than his two immediate predecessors, the last of the Stuarts. Besides, as a fact, we know that there are other vices," though less shameful, 'more mischievous in kings and public men than those against the marriage law. George III. was credited by Byron with — ' That household virtue, most uncommon, Of constancy to a bad, ugly woman, ' while the Prince of Orange was every thing but a model of fidelity to a wife who, brought him his honors as well as his hap-| piness. Yet-if useful kingship is in ques tion, the conjugally faithful George is.not in it with the' adulterous. William. The fact is that - if we are- to begin an index expurgatorius of- vice which- is to exclude from public affairs", we cannot very well stop at one particular class of offence ; and if saintship is to he an indis- pensable' qualification, we shall- have to close most, of our institutions for want of oflicers' to, carry them on. If the loose living and gambling of a Fox are bars to. public confidence, the system of wholesale bribery employed by Pitt to buy up the Irish, Parliament must he equally an' offence against morals. In that case, where are we to' stop short of absolute sanctilica- tion, which reduces the whole position' to one of absurdity ? Yet it would be- equally untrue to say that private character has 'nothing to do with public life.' Many -great and noble servants of 'the ' State ' have been loose 'in life; "many have been puritani cally chaste and " politically mischievous. If religious' common sense England were asked to choose to-day which of .her Par liaments excites in her the greatest amount of moral scorn, she would probably name,' not the venal House: in which Wal- pole practised, hut that Parliament of the Saints known as the "Praise- God Barebones House of Commons." The private vices of public men' must always more or less stain tho memory of those men,- and they have not infrequen tly diminished the value of their services. The open debaucheries of jack Wilkes, even in his time, very much lessened the influence he exerted on behalf, of popular liberty. In these days such :audacious profligacy would not be tolerated at any price. But in no time and -in no country has it been possible' to reject great talents in public men because they are allied with a large' snare or human infirmity. it is quite true that in such cases as that of Parnell, where there has been a judicial conviction of scandalous and sys tematic vice, with every circumstance of fraud, infamy and deceit, an exposure must -destroy the confidence and enthu siasm which -a public leader should com-' mand. It was less the sensual offences of Parnell than his cold treachery, his pro tracted hypocrisy, his sneaking conceal ment under false -names, and his lying responses to the' friend whom he deceived, which branded him in British judgment.' He might still' have, remained a private member of the House of Commons/ as Dilke is ; but the continued leadership of a' great party was impossible for him. For our comfort it may he safely said that the danger from admitting vice into public offices is much more apparent than real. The man who is a. known profligate starts in a decent Democracy with ; a. tremendous handicap against liim.'. Many will he permanently repelled : from liim ; and. it can. only -be on account of -some great compensating qualities- he possesses when an open vote- of, his peers puts liim; into ' a position "of ' power. ' One writer ' puts- ' it' very pithily "If "the world had been bound to forego "the services of every public man who "was an adulterer, tho world' would pro- "bably still be in a state of barbarism." A Victorian legislator. lamented some time ago that some of his fellow members . of Parliament kept their wives in one suburb and their mistresses in another. This may he a truth, or ' it may be a false slander, but whichever it is it does not dispose of the absolute impossibility, in any walk of life, of "trying it out with "all unspotted soldiers." If we may he permitted to judge from, the remarkable vocabularies displayed by some of the witnesses in the recent Snell will case, the business of word making, or what Max Muller calls " dialectic regenera- " tion," is going on merrily in Mel- bourne. One of the witnesses alloyed the Queen's English with such curious expres sions as "fizgig," "crook," "ryebuck," "bloomer," " chump " and "wallop' " down " until the learned judge, reduced to a condition of complete mystification, had to ask for a translation of the evi dence into the vernacular. It was sug- gested by counsel that the Court should be supplied with a copy of Professor Morris's Austral English. Such a reference would, however, have proved fruitless, for although Mr. Morris gives such Austral slang words as " push " and "larrikin," he does not pretend to include slang in this dictionary unless of purely Australian origin. On the either hand, the ordinary slang dictionaries do not contain many of the words used on this memorable occasion, and the com munity has apparently still to wait until some Dr. Johnson of the southern isle rises as the lexi- cographer of the nascent language. Although lovers of the so-called "well of English undefiled " and school masters' inveigh against tho use of slang, it cannot be gainsaid but that tho enormous in- crease of new words and now modes of ex pression in the English language is a certain and convincing sign of the vitality and activity of tho Anglo-Saxon people. Their conquests, their inventions, their enormous commerce as well as their various occupations are all reflected in the large additions to the vocabulary of the mother tongue within the last century. Far, therefore, from regretting that many words are used by writers at the present day which would have been rejected as vulgarisms a gen eration or two back, we ought to be proud of the broadening of our lives which neces sitates such frequent additions. Of course there are many cases in which slang phrases are merely unnecessary and vulgar synonyms for those already in use, but in such cases it is usually found that these words fall stillborn, while the language is enriched with others which supply a real want. The great difficulty is to define what slang is, for the slang of to-day often be- comes the ordinary language of to-morrow. Until quite recent days the only real slang used to be the Romany, or lingo spoken by the Gipsies, and a very large proportion of our cant phrases, especially those which refer to'criminal affairs, comes from that source. But there is nowadays a slang peculiar to the church, to the Bar, to the stage, to the Press, indeed to almost all the numerous subdivisions of modern work, and it is, a matter of common know ledge that such words daily tend to divest themselves of the tentative quota tion marks with which they first appear in print until they finally find a lodgment in the pages of the recognised dictionaries. A Frenchman, author of a recent slang dictionary, attempts to define slang as "the light foam of familiar expressions "and cant- terms which floats above tho " words used by classic authors." Such a definition may suffice for France, where the dictionary of tho Academy is supposed to decide what is and what is not proper ; but the English tongue, for tunately, is not fettered by such pedantic bonds. Moreover, there are no classic authors in English in the sense in which we speak of Demosthenes and Cicero as classics of ancient Greece and Rome. Manifestly the slang which would float above the English of Thackeray, Addison or Shakspeare would, be of very different consistency. It is easy to imagine the -disgust of the Bard of Avon if he could visit Melbourne and were asked to " after- " noon tea," or " catch a train," or " send " a wire, " and the round terms in which he would denounce his slangy descendants, to Ben Jonson. The desire and admiration for pic- turesqueness of expression and emphasis are no doubt the origin of most of onr. slang that; is not merely the use of old words to express new ideas. Probably in another generation " bike" will be a received word in the language, because it expresses more shortly and clearly tho machine than does bicycle or cycle. On the other-hand " boneshaker" will always be regarded as slang. Take for example the long list of words applied at different times during the last century to fashionable young men, and one sees at once 'how" the slang of one period becomes the accepted diction of another. Thus we have fop, beau, macaroni dandy, Dundreary, swell, masher, toff and Johnny. Some of these words are cer tainly not slang at the present day, while others would not be used without italics by a careful writer. Yet who' can foretell their' future rank ? ' Lord Brougham, who was very particular that his name should be pronounced Broom, once remonstrated with counsel. dri an action for damages arising from, a' collision between a brougham and an omnibus. The law- yer insisted upon drawling out the name of the carriage called after his Lordship. "If," Lord Brougham said, " you were "to pronounce that word 'broom' we " should get along much faster." The law- yer took tho hint, but when the judge came to sum up and spoke of the omnibus, tho counsel suggested, "If your Lordship were " to call that carriage ' bus ' we should get "along faster." "Bus" would certainly seem strange in the mouth of a Lord Chancellor, but is it greater slang than tram, which he certainly would use, and which is also a contraction of Outram, the name of its inventor ? Tho dividing line is very fine between slang and good English, and it looks as if tho real decision in the future lies with the new type setting machine, which refuses to set italics, and thus compels the often unwill ing scribe to adopt slang as classical. However, the -admirers of purity of diction who are thus compelled to father the vulgarisms of the man in the street may find some con solation in the thought that the noble language of Bossnet and Corneille is the descendant, not of the classical Latin in which Cicero wrote the speeches he was afraid to deliver, but of the slang of tho Roman legionaries who invaded Gaul. ' But while it is possible to make out a good ease in defence of the gradual adop tion of some slang words or phrases, people who respect their mother tongue cannot he too careful in not debasing it unneces sarily. . There is of course no excuse for using such words as "ryebuck" or " bloomer," for tho ideas they connote can easily be expressed in the accepted language. " It's a monty he goes up,' was the expressed opinion of Mr. Minty in the witness box at the Weenen trial. "It's what ?" asked Mr. Justice Hodges, in astonishment.' "'Monty' is slang for " 'certainty,' your Honor," explained the witness. " And what does ' he goes up' " mean?" inquired Mr. Justice Hodges. " That ' he goes down,' " suggested Mr. Coldham. " Exactly " said the witness, "or otherwise that he goes to gaol. " Then ' it's a monty he goes up' means " it's a certainty he goes down '! said Mr. Justice Hodges, apparently quite satisfied. One danger which awaits Austral English is the laziness of people living in a warm climate. A language, like celery, seems to, need a touch of frost in order to bring it to crisp perfection. People who are so tired that they will not go to the polls in order to vote upon the most impor tant issue ever submitted to a nation, are not likely to exert themselves in order to fi rid the precise word to express their idea,, or, when found, to pronounce it distinctly. Mark Twain, in an amusing passage in his book on Australia, tells of his discovery of the lazy language of Ballarat when " Cue" represents " thank you," and "K'm" " you are welcome." Often tho jargon one hears in the trains is Greek to uninitiated ears, and the "barracker" is altogether a product of the soil just as his style of conversation is. A certain class of newspapers— more in the neighboring colo nies than in Victoria— seem also to delight in using slang when words in ordinary usage would be quite as significant. This is apparently done under the mistaken idea that strong sounding words entail strong sense; things which in reality are gene- rally in the inverse ratio of their strength.' "You should not say, 'What a horrid " ' scratch,' " said an English to an American girl with whom she was playing billiards. " What should I "say then?" queried the Yankee. " Oh," was the reply, " say, ' What a beastly fluke.' " Both these modes of expression sound unpleasant from the lips of a young girl. With slang, as with all other linguistic innovations, the old Hora- tian rule as rendered into English by Pope seems to be the best— Be not the first by whom the new are tried, Nor yet the last to lay the old aside. 