es x a- h: a? - h: o tt n d^'5t. MONDAY'S PROCESSION THROUGH THE CITY. PHOTOS. BY THE ' MAIL'S' SPECIAL PHOTOGRAPHERS. TP HE great popular event of the labour year in j Sydney is undoubtedly tbe Eigbt-bour Demonstration, procession, and sports. For over 40 years tbe tndes unionists of Sydney bave celebrated iu pome way tbe priuciple of the eight hour day. Sometimes there was a picnic, some times a dinner, sometimes a meeting. As tbe years have trone on the principle has obtained wider recognition, and for over 20 years there has been the great annual procession that regularly takes pos-esnion of the Sydney streets on the morning of the first Monday in October. It is a great demonstration, prepared for and looked for ward to for long before, well organised and well displayed. ' ORGANISING THE DISPLAY. The organisation of the annual show begins in July. Then the various affiliated societies ap point each two delegates, and these meet and elect an executive committee and officers and the vari ous special committees required. These at once set to work to make the preliminary arrangements, and the work is continuous till the day arrives. It does not cease then, but within three weeks the treasurer and secretary htve to bave their first balance-sheets prepared and all matters in connection with the affair to be settled up during November. In all these things, of course, a great deal depends on the officers appointed. Mr. Thomas W. Furse, the secretary, appears to have gained general kudos for his management during the past seven years or so. He is a member of the Letterpress Machinists' Union, who first the light in Queensland in 1866, and was secre tary of h's own society in 1889, and has been sec retary of the Eight-hour Demonstration during most of the nineties, having been appointed in 1892\. As a result of his first year of office he handed to the trustees of the Trades Hall a profit, and up to November ft, 1897, had handed £3326 as the profits of five annual gatherings. The ' record year ' was when the profits amounted to £lft32. In 1895 they were £1100, but last year came a loss of £430, owing to the stoppage of the art union. For tbe past 10 years the sports have taken place at Bosehi'l, on the racecourse, and this had cume to be looked upon a« a fixture. The stoppage of the ait union necessitated a reconsideration, and the committee this year went to the Agricultural So ciety's grounds, which enabled them to reduce the tickets from Is 6d to Is — the loss, of course, fall ing on tbe Railway Commissioners, who had pre viously had a share for transport. This year, too, the difficulty with regard to the art union was got over by the device of ' free gifts,' ranging from £25 down, for which those entering the ground were given tickets inside. Of course there is not so much to be made out of this as out of the thousands who to jk tickets before without any intention of attending the sports. t THE TRADES HALL. AU the financial effort of the demonstration committee is directed towards the clearing off of tbe debt on the Trades Hall, a fine building at the top of. Goulbura -street, which few ordinary visi tors to Sydney see. The hall is the product of ' much and long continued effort. It was opened on January '25, 1895, by the Hon. J. Garrard, but the movement for its erection took defiuite shape in 1883, when 17 societies formed the nu cleus of a fund and requested the Stuart Govern ment to grant a site. Thi6 request was refused, MB. THOS. W, FURSE, S?eretai y. ? ? ? ? ? I. .nil .IHWWW.MH, I ummm imwiiwii ? iim ? ? ??mil ? Ill ld„.aMg3MB«g»aira^»^^ * * ' T *~~«w ___ f J. BLACKMOBE, n. D. BEADE, ALLAN MACDOUGALL, G. B MOODY . Trustee. Muster of AieDH. Dftwfvir of **nnri« u V « * *' X-ENaHAN» c« CUAJiMAN ^ j, STYIiE, ' t cooksky ' Bead Aj a i shah Mann^em- nt Comuiitl-ef*. Management Committee. vi.S, ,v5iS2rii' '? ?; 'S101- eb e u Urustee. Management Coinmittoe. THE DEMONSTRATION COMMITTEE AND EXECUTIVE. BREWERS' EXHrBIT. )a. and Mr. Cipelatid moved that a Parliamentary grant of £6000 be made for the purpose, and car ried his motion by the large majority of 27 to 7, though Sir George Dibbs opposed aud voted against it. Two years passed before tbe vote be came available and the site could be purchased. Next a limited liability company was formed of 15,000 £1 shares, and the - foundation-stone was laid by Lord Carrington in 18SS, At first only the basement was countructed, at a cost of £1686, aud as there were no further funds available the trades unions had to stop there for a time, but a temporary building rose over it at a cost of £500. Presently the Dibbs Government passed a bill en abling the trustees to borrow money on the site for the purpose of continuing the building, but considerable difficulty was found in securing the money. However, as soon as the work was justi fied tbe superstructure was gone on with, and cost £7000, bringing the total cost of the building to £9320. As for tbe shares in the original company, at the stage given in one report 4369 of them had been taken up by 39 labour unions and 1526 by individuals, Tbe new era began in 185)2, when the Eight-hour Demonstration committee de cided to devote the proceeds of the annual de monstration to the taking of shares in the new hall. That placed matters on an entirely new financial footing, and in the first three years up to the opening £1574 was available for tbe pur pose, and £3000 in six years, leaving tbe balance of the debt now at £4000. FINANCING A DEMONSTRATION. There is a goo 1 deal of interest in the methods of financing adopted iu regard to these annual demonstrations. Taking the last balance-sheet available — that of 1S&7 — we find it begin with ' inaugural loans ' from 30 so'-ieties, of £5 each. Tbus. was created a working capital of £150. The sale of sports tickets realised £400 odd, of dance tickets £1S, £233 was received iu dona tions, £65 for booths, £20 for the right of print ing the programme, and £19 iu sports entrance fees. Altogether the receipts were £916. This was a sad falling off from previous years, the cause being the prohibition of fhe art union, and instead of a recurrence of the big annual profit there was a loss of over £400. The official re port attributed this entirely to the stopping of the art union, and naively remarks, ' conse quently the only inducement we had to offer the public, to purchase our tickets was a picnic and sports meeting,' from which it might be in ferred that democratic Sydney does not care for its sports neat A military tournament and spoits meeting, held on November 9, with tbe idea of pulling up tho deficit, ouly swelled the original loss. The chief items of expenditure in this balance-sheet include— advertising, £106 ; print ing, £40 ; bands, £71 ; calico w'gns, £26 ; enter tainment of visitors, £20; sports prizes, £122 : lease of ground, £100 : railway traffic, £121 ; use of branch railway line, £20; secretary's salary, £54 ; labour, £35 ; commission on cash donations, £21. Besides these there remained liability for payment of banner-bearers, 30 societies at £2 per society, 10s a day for delegates' attendance fees on the demonstration day, £43 for attendance fees general aud managerial committee, «£c. The '95 balance-sheet, plus the art union, showed a very different story. Then £3784 was received for the sale of 67,517 tickets. In '97, without the art union, only f)481 tickets were sold. THE EIGHT-HOUR MOVEMENT. In spite of the mass of literature v.-ritten and published on the subject, tbe early days of the eight-hour mov?ment in these coli nes as in Eng land are matters of much controvi ig/. Speak ing to a ' Mail ' n-pnseiitative, Mr. Spicer, the president of the n-ovtment, aud Mr. J. R. Talbot, one of the present trustees, and e«- president, a veteran trades unionist, who watched the beginnings, both in Britain and Australia, both admit that there are so manv conflicting claims to the honour -1 . of pioneering the reform that it is difficult to get at tlie actual facts. Tbe official ' Souvenir ' of this year's sports has this on the point : - ' It was in the early ' lorties ' that the movement originated. It was the Chartists of that period — designated by capitalists and clergy — socialists, firebrands, and even rebels, and treated by judges aDd magistrates as criminal8, raised their banners incribed, ' A Fair Day's Wage for a Fair Day's Work.' With all their sacrifices and suffering, they gained a moral victory, although ir was by no m^ans a bloodless one to Ihem. Tlie workers of Great Britain were without trade unions worthy of the name, and therefore had not the ghost of a chance against capital and hypocrisy combined. The only chance was emigration to the Greater Britain, or the United States of America, and tens of thousands of worttevH availed of that chance, carrying with them the seed planted in them by the Chartists. About 1847 Captain Cargill emigrated with a band of skilled atd unskilled workt rs to New Zealand, and 1 Duntdin was, we believe, the nursery of I ho eight-hour system, and for nearly half a century lias strictly maintained it. It soon extended to tbe Australian colonics, but only in a straggling fashion : but in the year ls.'ij an eiiort was made to introduce the eight-hour system into all the branches of the building trades. The stone masons took the lead in the movement, but such was the power of capital at that time in the colony, and so imperfect the system of trades v lonism, that the movement would have lapsed had not tbe stonemasons persevered and declared a strike for eight hours lab -nr.' Mr. Tooth, -who had a number of men at work erect ing his brewery, is said to have opposed the innovation of the stonemasons, but acrording to the official statement quoted above, ' every good man on the work lei's, aud joined the union, which was inaugurated in October, 1S.V). From tliia Continued on page 872. '* 'Jbn/ii/Hcd from jiniic 869.) A small beginning has tbe eight-hour system been extended, not merely throughout Australasia, but more or le'8 throughout the civilised -world. Great Britain enjoys that, and also many other rights and blessings for which its capitalists per ^ secuted the Chartists in the forties.' A strike at the University building is one of the historic starting points of the movement in Sydney, according to Mr. Talbot and others ; and a news paper correspondent, signing himself ' An Old J Pioneer,' and believed to have been one of those 1 concerned, wrote, calling attention to what was done for the movement by tbe strikers then, and mentioning the names of Steven Brown, stone mason, ' father or first mover,' Eaves, Carlile, Landry, Thornton, Leadall (all stonemasons), Turner, Jones, Holland, Laverack, Deacon, Shep herd, Lemone, (carpenters), all concerned with the early movement in Sydney, and Frank Dixon at a latere tage. The late Mr. T. S. Mort is commended by the same writer as ' one of the working men's best friends.'' THE PRESENT POSITION. Of the present position, this official statement con tends: — 'It is much to be regretted that the eight hours system of labour is not made compulsory by legislation. In most of the Government contracts in New South Wales the minimum wage and hours of the workers are stimulated for. This is due to the influence of labour members in the As sembly, but with private firms, owing to non VIEW IN PARK-STREET. unionists and olacklegs, there is certainly danger of the principle being jeopardised without direct legislation on the subject. The Eight-hour Demonstration, including nearly all tbe trades and labour unions of tho colony, speaks volumes for its popularity among workers of every kind, and the presence of the general public is an ear nest of the fullest sympathy in the movement. The Government make the first Monday in Octo ber a public holiday, and it is certainly the most popular holiday in Sydney. One great drawback at present exists, but it is to be hoped that ere long this will be removed. We allude to tbe temporary but compulsory withdrawal of the Eight-hour Demonstration art union. This seri ously affects the many trades unions in the de monstration, but more particularly it affects the funds for paying off the debt on the Trades Hall. It was hoped that an Act of Legislature would have removed the difficulty for tlie present demon stration, but events occurred to prevent it. Still there is every reason to believe that in the near future the means of perfecting arrangements of the demonstration committee will again become an established fact.' THIS STEAR'k DEMONSTRATION. This year'B demonstration was in the hands of the following delegates of affiliated societies, who chose the executive whose portraits appear : — C. Fox. Bricklayers A. H. Magee. Glassworkers W. Wearne, Coa hmakers W. Johnstone, Amalgamated EDgineeis Eli. Morenson, United Labouiers Thomas Snellinp, Coopers A. K. Johnson. Painttrs G. Hutter, Trades Hall Execut ve W. Kay, Lithographic E. Harrixm Hurley, Printing Trades' Council J. Cooksey, Australasian Engineer* Thomas W. Furse, letterpress Machinists J. Style, Bookbinders W. Muitouph, Gas Stokers M. J. Reddy. Pressers W. Hurst, Stonemasons J. Cassin, Bakers J E. Talbot, Ironmoulders H. White, Shipwrights E. Hampson, Boiler-makers G. Oberg, Progressive Carpenters E. W. Cutler, Furniture Trades 0\. JenkSj Gas Siokers (Mortlake Branch) J. J. Berry, Amalgamated Carpenters E. llarrison Hurley, Typogiaphical J. O. Haitrer, Plumbers Thomas Bavister, Building Employees G. Tuck, Butchers W. Carlaw. Iron Trades' Council R. Boxall, Tinsmiths E. Hudson, Plasterers. HOSKINS'S IRON EXHIBIT,; _ '.....'l CA lU'KNTEKS AND JOINERS. The chauge in the scene of the sports caused a considerable change in the route of the procehsion, which, starling from the Trades Hall, marched by George-street io Park-street, through Park to College-street, and thence by Oxford and BOILERMAKERS. Bouike ttreets to the Agricultural Society's Grounds The morning was co!d and a drizzling rain kept down the crowds in the streets, yet tbe footways and tbe line of route presented a con tinuous sea of faces. line behind line. The rain didn't seem to damp the entlnisiaMn of the spec tator much, although it rnndu of them a very sombre -looking crowd as compaied with the sun. mer-dressed crowd which has hitherto follow d the route of the procession un warmer anniver saries. Lots are drawn for the order of the various soci'Hes, and this year they resulted i s follows : — Seamen (Railway Bund) Progressive Carpenters Cuachmakers Amalgamated Engineers T- p ^graphical (Charleswi rth Ba^d) Bookbinders Lithographic Letterpnss Machinists Coopers (Rritannia Band) Pressers Glass Woikei's Boilerniaker-i United Laboureis (Marrickville Band) Butchers Bricklayers Tin-miths Amalgamated Carpenters Gas Stokeis (St. George's Band) Au'.ti alasian - nginrers Furniture 'J races l'ain'ers Plasterers Shipwrights (Glebe Local Band) Baltets Plumbers Stonemasons Ironmoulders Building Employees Tobacco '1 vristers' Association Brewery Employees. Here only societies whose members work the eight-hours day or 48 hours per week are permit ted to take part. In Victoria any society that likes to be represented can join the procession. j This difference gives a distinctive character to the New South Wales display. At the head of tl e procession came the chief marshal, Mr. G. Moody, mounted on a handsome horse. His assistant marshals were Messrs A. Murdock, C. Walker, aud J. Greenless, and they kept the four-defp prrocession in excellent and imposing order. After the marshal came the eo .limit tee with the big eight-hour banner. Then a strong muster of the Seamen's Union, who not only had a fine banner but numerous flags. The ' Progressive Carpenters ' have an imposing banner, but thejr were overshadowed in the numbers of the car and coach builders, and especially of the en I gineers and millwrights. The engineers made j one of the biggest musters of the day. Tlie I priutera were followed by the bookbinders who had elaborated a joke at the expense of local poli tical events. A great volume was carried which bore 011 its cover the title ' How I Became Fa mous, by Frank Clarke, ex-M.P.,' and on the back ' M'Sharry Copts, by Toby.' The coopers made a good display, and so did the Prefers' So ciety. The glasK- btowers carried articles of their manufacture. The boiler makers and iron ship SEAM IX. SEAMEN AND COACHBTJILDERS. builders had the most imposing muster of the day. The United L-ibuurers' Protective Society, slaugh termen, bricklayers (with a specially fine team), tinsmiths, amalgamated carpenters and joiners (an imposing mustei), gas stokers (also largelv represented), Society of Engineers, furniture t rade, painters, all had prominence. One of the biggest musters was that of the ship builders, and they bad handsome models of boats and vessels. The operative bakers made it appear that there was no famine in the land, for not only did they bear aloft big loaves, but. the very horses were festooned with rolls. Big displays were those of the stonemasons aud the ironmoulders, but the finest thing in the whole procession was the mag nificent team of 12 splendid greys which drew Messrs. Toohey's brewers' flat at the bead 'f the Brewers' Soeiety. A noticeable thing from the beginning to end of the procession was the great number of smokers. Whether it was the cold day which induced it, or whether it is that Sydney trades unionists are peculiaily addicted to tobacco, it is certain that nearly every second man puffed away vigorously at a pipe, and clouds of smoke rose right along- the line. After the societies came an array of advertising oarts and fiats. Most prominent was the display of the Metropolitan Ice Company, on whose handsomely -decorated flats were great blocks of transparent ice showing within trophies of fruit aud flowers. One of the flats had a cow being milked by a dairymaid. The other displays included all sorts of adver tising devices, from a s;i usage-maker who cast polonies to the crowd to vendors of patent medi cines who warned the people to take pills for damp feet. ? ? ? — I AMALGAMATED ENGINEERS. AFTER THE PROCESSION IN GEOBGE-8THEET. 