District Fairs. The pair of ' K ' Boots I bought from you I have been wearing constantly for 3 years. F. A. Artletfc, to H. E. Barry, opp. Post Office, Parranmtta.* By the aid of latest machinery, I am enabled to make Boots to order in first class style and at reasonable cost. P. Hali, ' While-You- Wait, Macquane street, Parramatta. * Juvenile Dramatic Performance. — The Juveniles of St. Mark's Church, Gran ville, repeated on Friday night their per formance of ' The Mistletoe Bough ' given with so much success some time ago. There was a large attendance and the performance passed off satisfactorily and successfully aad in many respects was an improve ment on the first production. The characters were ably taken as follows : — Lord Lovell (tho Bridegroom), Master Bertie Harrison ; the Bride, Miss Ethel Harrison ; Lord and Lady Hopewell (parents oE the bride), Mastor C. Stone and Miss Ethel Wynne ; Sir George Prideau, Master H. Walton ; Lady Prideau, Miss M. Walton ; Miss Wideawake, Miss 0. Irons ; Lord and Lady Felton, Master Kenneth Marsh and Miss F. Eowley ; the Jester, Master E. Coleman ; the Fairy Uueen, Miss ±i. jucueea ; ^oreae, /iepnyr, Oriens, Occidons (faries), Misses F. Gougb, D. Kowley, M. Ladkin and B. Oxley ; May Queen, Miss Louio Gough ; Sam, Jack, Tom, Clara, Mary aud companions — village childreD. Tbe bride, Miss E. Harrison looked very pretty in a dress of white satin and a wreath of orange blossoms, andMaster B. Harrison made a handsome bridegroom in his elegant Euitof pink satin, as worn a century ago. The whole of the charac ters were ably taken, and in some instances the talent shown was above the average amateur status. The drosses were strikingly picturesque, and the danciugof the minuette was vory pretty. The Fairy Queen, Mise McDeed, and her band of Fairies pleased everyone with thoir singing of the sad old song. The story of the old song is well known. ' The baron's re tainors woro blithe and guy, keeping their Christmas holiday.' They resorted to games of hide and seek, and the bride hid herself in an old oak chest, and was suffo cated, and was not found till some 40 years after, when a flower found in the chest told the sad tale. The olduoss of the story, perhaps, makes it the more attractive. The tableau, with the lime light effect, was tho prettiest thing seen in the hall, and the final tableau illustrating the bride groom falling in a faint on fiuding the Mower, and the ghost of the bride appearing was very pretty. The Japiuese fan dance was a very pretty and attractive item that met with universal appreciation ivud was led by Miss L. Gough. The effect was very pretty. Master E. Coleman, as the jester, was an entertainment in himself ; and the children as a whole acquitted them selves wonderfully well, and tho singing and choruses wore excellent. The Gran ville Amateur Dramatic Society produced ' Just my luck ' to wind up tho piece, and caused much amusement. Temeeuakce Anniversary. — Tho usual fortnightly meeting of the Golden Hope division, No. 43, Sons and Daughters of Temperance was held in tho Albert Hall on Thursday, when Bro. II. Pegler pre sided over a good attendance. After routine business the lodge adjourned to celebrate its seventh anniversary. The officers of the national and Grand Division and the mombers of tho Prince Albert Division were then admitted and welcomed by tbe W.M. Refreshments were plenti fully supplied, and friends not being mem bers of the order were admitted. After the refreshments had been disposed of the meeting was called to order, and a vote of thanks was accorded to the officers of the National and Grand Division, the members of the Prince Albert Division and visitors. The E.S. read a report showing tho division was in a good financial position, and that an increase of seven members had resulted since last annual meeting. The remainder of the evening was spent in harmony, several members and visitors giving songs readings and recitations ; and a pleasant evening was brought to a close at 10.15 p.m. The Vacancy.— Mr. E. Gillett, the ' Premier ot the UranviLle Debating So ciety and a red hot School of Arts enthusi ast, is being pressed to allow himsolf to be nominated for tbe vacant seat in the Gran ville Council caused through Mr. J. E. Palmer's resignation. Mr. Gilloti; is the gopular president of the Granville Bicycle lub. Old Scholars' Union.— The second quarterly meeting of the ' Eookwood Pub lic School Old Scholars' Union ' was held in St. Stephen's Schoolroom, Eookwood, on Wednesday, taking the form of a social' evening. After tb.3 election of now mom bers a musical programme intermingled with recitations and various games was carried out. Eofreshments were provided by the Union, and, as at last meeting, all present spent a most enjoyable evening. Congregational Y.P.S.O.E. — The sixth anniversary w*»s celebrated with special services on Sunday, 17th, the preachers boing Mr. Hobbs, B.A., in the morning, and the Eev. J. Woodhouse in the afternoon, and Mr. W. A. Eamsay Sharpo, B.A., in the ovening. On Tues day evening the annual meeting was held, the church being tastefully decorated, and tho'refreshmont table being temptingly ar ranged down the centre of the church. The President of tho Society, Miss Green, led a most enjoyable praise service ; after which, the Kov. J. C. Martin, President of the Local Union, took tho chair. The re ports of the officers showed that during the year there had been an increase of 40 members, the totals being : — Active 37, associace 10, honorary 20, total 67. Thirty four active members aro church members, 17 of them joinod it during tho year, and 12 members woro transferred from the junior society. Tho junior report also gave signs of vitality, having an increase from 25 to 30. Eeports were also read, showing the progress of Christian Endeavor elsewhere : — America, by Dr. W. N. Short; Great Britain, by J. C. Bruce ; Victoria, Miss Crowthers ; South Australia, Mr. Hansen ; Now South Wales, Miss Green ; and the other colonies by Miss Bourne ; the total membership for the colonies being about 60,000, and we have sent over 60 missionaries into tho mission field and raised about £2000 last year for the same work. Solos were sung by Misses L. Short and Williams, a duet Misses E. and G. Harrod, while tho choir led by the orchestra gavo several selections ; Miss Williams, organist, playing the accompani ments. ^Refreshments wore handed round. A messago of eneouragoment was received from the pastor (Mr. B. Short), who was unablo to attend through illness. The church was well filled, and the proceedings were closed by a few well-chosen words from the chairman, followed by the bene diction. Memorial Service. — The Granville P.M. Church was filled to excess on Sun day evening, whon a memorial service to the late Mesdames Marsh and Glasson was held. Hymns and anthems of a special character wore sung, and Rev. B. Kenny proachod from the text, 'For me to live is Christ, and to die is gain,' with touching reference to the many virtues of the departed as wives and mothers and members of the community and the church. The service throughout was a most impressive one; Benefit Performance. — The Sherwood McGowan dramatic entertainment nt Rocfk wood on Wednesday gave a benefit perfor mance in aid of Mrs. C. North of Rookwood There was a good roll up and the perfor mance took the shape of the production of ' Colleen Bawn.' The piece was success fully staged. The financial result was sat isfactory. In this issue Mrs. North thanks tho company and those connected with the entertainment for their efforts on her be half. ' Flour Flies at RopicwboD. — -Ex-Mayor Lidbury had a rattling good meeting at Rookwood on the eve of the battle when he spoke in favor of Mr.'Nobbs' candidature. His meeting was, however, a little too enthusiastic, and flour bags were much in evidence. The rowdy interjector got a bad time. As soon as he chipped in he would be smothered with flour, and the lads had a merry time of it. The flour ba» crusade was very lively while it lasted. Alderman Javes' voice was heard to good effect several times during the evening. Return Social; — A committee of Gran villeans have arranged for a return social to be tendered ; to Mr. F. Robertsonj of; Granville, at an early date, and it has been decided to do the thing on a handsome scale. The social is in return for the big birthday party given in honor of the young gentleman's birthday last year. An ener getic committee is making the necessary arrangements. Contract Complaints. — There are many complaints as to the way men are being treated pn the pipo contract ub Potts' Hill. It is claimed by tho men who are leaving dissatisfied that the wage of 6s a day is altogether unfair considering the work they have to do ? and the way . they are driven by the overseers. It is also said that old men are sacked in preference to younger men, and that altogether' tho lot of the men is unenviable. This story is told by one elderly man who was told ho was too old and was refused work. He dyed his hair and applied the next day and was taken on and is still at work. Elderly men who want work on the contract are not charaed anvthiher for this ' tin.' A Disappointment. — On account of the heavy rain on Saturday the Emu Plains footballers were unable to come down to battle with the Rookwood club. As the dinner had been prepared the club invited its barrackers to share the fun and about 30 sat down. Mrs. Robertson of Granville catered in her excellent style. Songs and recitatioDS were contributed and a happy time was spent.. It was decided to give Emu Plains Club a dinner at the postponed /natch. in August. The Rookwoods play at Carlingford to-day and the following Saturday they go to Emu Plains, where' they are to be loyally entertained. Chess and Drauqhs Cluu.— The long talked of chess and draughts club in con nection with the Granville School of Arts has been started at last and under encour aging auspices. A large number of subscri bers to the institution are interesting them selves in the new club and at a preliminary meeting this week tho sinews of war were raised to purchase additional stock-in trade. One of the small rooms have beeu set apart for the club and 'as all subscribers of the School of Arts aro eligible for membership it is expected that the club will blossom out into a strong body. Mr. John Stahl is a enndidato for tho seat rendered vacant by the resignation of ex-Mayor Palmer. 