THE SOUDAN. To-MT the welcome news is flashed to all p a rts of tb e w orld V O m dnrm an is fallen,” and in every I?rjtU b comm nnity it will be followed w ith “ Gordon is av enged." T h e Dervishes b a ts been ta u g h t a lesson n o t likely to be forgotten, a n d they w il I recognise th a t although eupineness a n d petty s p i r i t ‘m ay fo r ,& tim e p tn re n t aggressors ag ain st B ritish a n a s, o r ■gainst those ta k e n u n d e r B ritish protection, b rin g d e a lt w ith effec­ tively, y e t sooner o r la te r stern punishm ent w ill overtak e th em and they m ay la y w ell to Thetirt th at though the m ills of ’ G o d . grind slowly, they g rin d su rely . T h e b ie to ry of th e expedition u n d e r .tbe oommand of M ajor-G eneral K itch en er is c u e th a t will in all fn tn re epochs b e poin ted to w ith prido and satisfaction. Though a com paratively y o n iig man, bring less than fifty y ears o f age, S ir H erbert has pro v ed h im self a genius. ~ h as stead ily im proved the Egyptian arm y u n til th e natives, instead of being cow ards a n d runaw ays at the first sh o t, now sta n d firmly to th e ir gnus and are eager to m eet tb eir old tim e foes an d oppressors. T be preparations m ad e by th e S i&dar; were very com plete, an d th e w isdom o f his action is shown in th e ste a d y advance he h a s m ad e, and b y giving proof day afte r d ay of biB indom initable . energy a n d . d e te r­ m ination • h e h a s s tru c k .terror into the h e a rts of th e D ervishes, who, afte r a severe repulse o r tw o , have follow ed th e exam ple of tb e ir cow ardly ch ief and fled to a pl&oe; of safety. B u t th a t w ill a v a il them little, fo r the A n g lo -E g y p tian Governm ents are resolved tb a t ‘th e , pow er of th e D ervishes to a&roy; tb e dw ellers in E gyptian Soudan b b all be destroyed for all tim e, a n d tb e only th in g tb a t rem ains for th e K halifa and his follow ers is to su b m it peaoefully an d in fu tu re devote them selves to trading. Tw o B ritish ' officers have fallen an d one h u n d red B ritish soldiers. T h a t is the d eath -ro ll, and m ay b e considered os v e ry unim porta n t when tb e p reparations m ade to resist tbe expedition and tb e form er a ttitu d e of tb e Dervishes, are taken into account. A ll honor to the dead, w ho died as B ritish ers should d o ; and praise to a ll w ho nave once more npheld the fam e of B ritish arms. Testamentary.— Tbe following intercolonial probate has been sealed in Tasmania:—Tbe Honorable Sir William John Clarke to Sir Rupert Turner Havelock Clarkeand Janet Marion LadyClarke £716. Govxbnmknt Railways.—Mr if. A. Tracey his, we learn, been appointed Stationmaster a t Hobart. He has been ic charge at Devonport for the past six years, and baa given every satisfaction to thoBe with whoa he had ccae is contact. A Bolt.—T his morning a pair of horses attached to a cab were feeding at their no&e-bags; at the Dnnn street pier, when the winkers on one of them slipped, causing the horse to take fright. He pulled round, and tbe pair then bolted along towards Macqnarie street, where tbey collided with a pole in front of Mr Fierce Baker’s shop. The cab was veiy much dsmaged, while one of tbe horses was also hurt. The cab was owned by Tfaomas Wells, who was a few feet away when the animals started, but so sodden were they in their movements be oonld not catch them. Fire Alarm.—At 6.15 this morning tbe bell rang out au alarm of fire, the scet the outbreak being at Messrs R. Walker and Company’s grocery establishment, Liverpool street. Somebody, it appears, left a light in the lower store, which ignited some cases, and tbe flames, travelling upwards, caught tbe top store. Tbe Brigade, as usual, got on the 6pot quickly, sod prevented any very extensive damage being done. Some bacon, cheese, and other articles were destroyed, bnt tbe loss i6 light compared with what it might hare been. Customs R eturns.—The following are the Customs returns a t Hobart and Launceston for the week ending September 3, 1898 Hobart — Duties, £2853 19i 7d; wharfage, £77 17e£d; light daee, 12s Gd; harbor dues, 18s 9d; miscellaneous, £43 I Is 9d( overtime, £9 12s ; fine, £1 &s; 9d ; samples and repacks, 8s 6d j bond rents and charges, £ \6 12s l i d ; total, £300819s 2d. Launceston—Duties, £3015 4s lid ; charges, £101 10s 4d ; bond rents, £6 10s 6 d ; samples and repacks, 11s; orertime, £S 25s; total, £9191 22s 8d. A 'Wharf Accident.—A man named Daniel Reilley, aged 74 years, whilst on t end of the New Wharf last evening, fell to the boat w^ys of tbe Marine Baard ■boot eix or seven feet, H e appeared to be suffering very , great pain, and had evidently severely injured his right thigh. Sergeant Filfay had the sufferer conveyed to the Hospital in a cab, and was admitted by D r Sparks and detained for treatment. Debwent Model Yacht Club.—The Model Yaoht race, for four cash prizes, presented by Mr W. T. Grubb, Hon Secretary Derwent Sailing Club, wai sailed on Saturday afternoon, for which there were 10 entries, and at 2.60 tbe starter (Mr Ted Lovett), let tbe models go before a fresh north-east breeze, which caused some of the boats a little difficulty at tbe start, but after getting de«r of the anchored yacht they were soon out of their trouble. The first time rennd the Stella and Inez had a well contested race for first position. Passing the Judge’s stand Inr: and Stella were close together, King Billy 8 good third, then Thelma, Melior, and Queen Mab, tbe rest of th e ' field retiring, lu tbe beat towij}d*ard, the King Billy (sailed by R. R. H e r,'b y a nioe bit of judgment came into first plaoe, and won after an exciting rece. Tbe result was Kibe Billy (P. Batt), 1 ; Inez (F. W. Cbalu), 2 ; Stella (R. Lovett), 8 t Meteor (Archie Johnson), 4- The Commodore (Mr F. N. Clarke), and Mr P. Gleeson, were timekeepers. Dramatic Perform ance.—As a wind up to tbe sport a t Risdon Park on Saturday, an amateur dramatic entertainment was given at the Tasmanian Hall in theeveniog by tbe members of the Hobart Hunt Clnb, assisted by several ladies and gentlemen. There was a crowded attendance, including Lady Gormans ton and party from Government House. The proceedings opened with ” A Case for Eviction," in which tbe peTfirmer* were seep to advantage, displaying acting ability far above tbe average. Mies Bernard assumed tbe role of tbe young wife Dolly admirably, and Mr Claud Clerk gave a capital impersonation of tbedector, while Mies M. Barclay left nothing to be desired as the servant. Daring the interrr.1 th at followed Miss E. Swan rendered some pianoforte music skilfully. The evening's entertainment closed with the comedy, c n u tj old mother-in-law was cleverly pourtrayed; Miss Violet Poulett-Harrie acted the newly-married wife to perfection, Miss G. 8 wan was in the rob of Mrs Ho&eywood;, and did h er part well. Mr F. Hudspeth's interpretation of old uncle Crowser was the best of the performers, hie get np especially being good. The other parts were well represented. The F ather’s Daring Device.—Mr E. C. Nichols, railway station master at Richmond, Victoria, hod a thrilling experience while travelling to Melbourne in the Bydney express on 'Wednesday. He had been away on leave, agd was apcom panied by his' wife and two oMIdren. the elder, Bertie, three years old. Near Kilmore, while the mother was nursing her younger child in a first-class corridor who was in another compartment smoking, on hearing -the mother's eereami, and learning what fca4 happened, went out ofth® open* door, climbed'aloDg the footboard; and foiling to attract the " attention, turned off the tap cf the This brought th e carriages to a standstill, but the angina, wrenched from its oonptings, went on some distance, A gang of line repairers went on a tricycle in Beaith of th e child, ana found him sitting alongside the line calling out, " ^Isam t'i lost r Be wo* taken to a local doctor, who found th a t no bonee were broken. Mr and Mrs NtohOls came to Melbourne with their children by a goods tra in next night, and returned bonis In yine street, Windsor. The engine of the express was again attached toubs train ifltii the spare coupling, and there was a delay of only 10 I n t e r c o l o n ia l R e v e n u e .— The revenue in New South Wales for the month of August amounted to £697,167, an increase of £78,688 on the corresponding month of last year, Neariy all branches show an increase, the principal ones being ; — Railways, £38,000; land revenue and (Justome, £16,000 each. The revenue of Queensland for Angust was £288,664, an increase of £28,410 compared with August last year. Taxation showed an increase of £10,600, territoral* revenue a decrease of £9000, and railways an increase of £22,600. Tbe revenue of Westbrn Australia for Angu6t is £221,045, being a decrease of £25,428, as compared with the corresponding month of last year. The two months of the financial year now expired show a decrease of £42,872, as compared with the two firet months of last year. The chief falling off for the month is in Customs, «hicb decreased nearly £80,000. Railways show an increase of £8500. How a Chinese Attempted &mcri;>E.— Shortly after midnight on Tuesday Constable Berkera was passing along Little Boorke street when his attention was attracted by the -peculiar conduct .of a number of Chinese, who suddenly scatteredfrom the spot where they had been conversing together in subdued But excited nos. Hurrying to the spot the oonstable w that a tall, gaunt Chinese was making efforts to suspend himself by means of a pigtail" from the rafter of a shed. The tan was arrested. Mr Hodges, the interpreter, on Wedneeday informed tbe City Court bench, before whom tbe wsuld-be suicide was charged with insultmgbehavior, that the man’s name web Son Gib. He believed by his countrymen to be demented. Tbe Bench remanded him for week. Ctbious N a m e s. — "There are some curious names in Australia," says tbe Sydney Morning Herald, " and local preferences in these matters often give trouble to the railway authorities. We have not yet reached the unconventional freedom of Qneensland, where three successive railway stations were named ‘ Alpha,'' Beta,’ and 1Jericho.' Sooth Australia is famous for its railway station named ’Earslia,'usually pronouncf d as if the name ended with the letters ' ar.’ New Zealand has two settlements named ‘ Jerusalem ’ and * Babyh In this colony we have ‘ Howlong and ‘Nevertire/ and now tbe title of'W ait-a while’ for a station on the railway from Berrigan to Finley has received official approval. The Railway Commissioners were loath to adopt each a droll name for a station, but th e place has been well known in the district for many years under this title, end the Commissioners have decided to accede to the wishes of the local residents by retaining the name. Passengers on the line who are strangers to the district will, therefore, be surprised on arrival at this station to hear the gnard exclaiming ’ Waitawhile, Waitawhile!” ' An U nm istaeearle R e tlt.—The Daily Mail correspondent at Hong Kong gives seme most interesting gossip as to the positions occupied respectively by tbe American, German, and English naval commanders a t Manila, tost prior te the peace arrangement. ^ Admiral Dietrichs, the German, is reportea to ,have interviewed Captain Chichester, of H.M.S. Immortalite, as to what he would do if the Germans interfered with the bombardment of Manila. Captain Chichester replied thht only Admiral Dewey and himself knew th at. Nothing could be better, for it clearly indicates that our ships have had ordere to act on the maxim sacred to tbe British and American navies—" Blood thicker than water." "There is," remarks the Spectator, " something very ea|ve in the German admiral imagining th at we should allow him to bully Admiral Dewey, though as far as tb at goes there is nc reason to think tbat tbe American skilors would want anyone’s help if it came to fighting the Germans.’* K erosene as a K indler.—A fatality arising from the careless use of kerosi kindling a fire was the eqbject dt an inquest held a t tbe Melbourne Hospital by tbe City Coroner, Mr Chandler. The victim was a girl named Lilian May Webb, aged9 years. Ellea Pearce, of Franklin Place, West Melbourne, stated th a t she Uved next door to tbe deceased's parents. Lpst Saturday she heard tbe child screaming, and saw her in the yard with her clothes <on fire. Deceased said she was going to put herself under the tap. Witness told her to wait till Bhe came and put a blanket around her. Before witness gob around to tbe yard the child had placed herself under a tap. 8he told witness she had been lighting tbe fire to make a cup of tea, and, using kerosene, had spilt some on* her clothes, which then caught fire. Other evidence was given showing th at the mother was at market w/ien the accident occarred, and that tbe child died on Wednesday. Tbe Coroner remarked the deceased bad shown great presence of mind in placing herself under a tap, and tbe jury returned a verdict of accidental death. T h e N e x t A u s t r a l ia n E l e v e n .— The following patagreph from a recent number of English Cricket shows tb a t the arrangements made in Australia for the visit of the next team to England are quite understood, and have given complete satisfaction in the Old Country Official intimation has been received by Mr C. W. Alcock, who has been again asked to arrange their programme, that tho Melbenrne Cricket Club has decided to send the Australian team which Is to visit England next summer home under its auspices. This will remove any doubts that may have existed as to tbe satisfactory arrangements on tbe other side. All tbe leading Australian batsmen had already signified their readiness to make the trip under the management of the Melbourne Cricket Clnb, English cricketers who have visited Australia will one and all be glad to hear tbat Mr J. B. Wardill, the popular secretary of the Melbourne Cricket Club, will come manager," A R e m a r k a b l e S u i c id e .—James Foster, about 48, who had been in the employ of the Fitxroy (Victoria) sanitary contractor, committed suicide in a very determined fashion on Wednesday. W ith his daughter and two little children, the issue of his second marriage, be resided in Tempany street, North Fitzroy. He had been drinking heavily, and last Saturday he ceased work. On Wednesday morning he arose at 6 o’cloak, awakened the two children, and made the remark to bis daughter tb at somebody had better look aftdr the youngsters. As be seemed to be in & rational frame of mind the daughter did not pay much beed fo the observation. Two honrs later, Hugh Hart, another employee of the sanitary contractor, found Foster hanging suspended by a rein from one of tbe rafters of a shed in which the contractor's carts are kept, near tbe Fitzroy gasworks. Tbe feet were 2ft from tbe ground. A remarkable featurt of the case is that daces sed bad tied bis together in front with a pieoe of rope. Th e Bbndioo " Ghoit."—On Thursday night, between seven and eight o'dook tbe Bendigo (Victoria) “ ghost*’ made another trance, this time a t the intersection wderiok and Valentine streets, at the rear of tbe Benevolent Asylum. The locality is a quiet one, and well suited for M y mischievous pranks. At the hour named, Mies Skilbeok, who resides with her parents at tbe Red Hill, about a mile from the asylum, left home to visit a friend in Barnard street, and when opposite the residence of Mr Johnson, she ijrs startled by tbe fppeapmce o f a form in white, waving its arms up and down. Miss Ski!- beck, bearing in mind the statements about e ** ghost” haunting the neighborhood, was carrying in her band a atone, which she threw At th e1-ghost" and hit i t The "gbeet" sprang a t her, struck her in the faoe and knocked her down. Her screams brought Mr Johnson and bis eon to thp scene, and they saw a fqnq in white running away in a northeny direction. The eon pursued it, while the father carried Miss Biol beck into tbe honse. She was bleeding profusely from (he mouth, and was in a fainting condition, A t 11 o’clock she had somewhat recovered, bnt she was ia a dated condition. Young Mr Johnfldtf Gwens was informed of the occurrence, and in oompany with Messrs Trane and Johnson, searched in the garden, and where the form was seen to go-over thp fe&6£ footprints were ohtervabUi on the grew* Am I n t e r e s t in g I n s o l v e n c y C a s e .—In the Sidney Bankruptcy Court on Thursday Cuthbert .Clifton w as further examined. Whan he w u in W est Australia he speculated in mining aharee, an d was a t first - successful, faut afterwards lo st about £1600intbel0m outhshe"w as there. A debt claimed by acreditor named Choriey was incurred 10 yedre ago, when he was travelling in tbe colony with a tutor, and should have been paid by the tutor. W itness said his brother had an inoome of £66,000 a year, and he was heir to th at fortune. He (witness) had never wanted money before coming to AuBtrelie, aa he was supplied with about £8000 a year by his mother and brother. W hen he, left England be intended to go into station life and his mother bought a station for him in the back blocks of Queensland. She did not know it was ao far from civilisation, and he was not aware of i t or he would not have gone there. W hen the debts were incurred in Sydney he expected an allowauoe which would more than cover them. Since then he had received portion of tbe allowance. The examination was then concluded. Sxrzrwo a N e w s p a p e r . — M r 'George H erbert Kingswell, who recently conducted the OooXgardie Miner and Pioneer newspapers, and who returned on Sunday frou tbe East, filed a petition in insolvency on his own application a t Perth on Wednesday, In consequence of this step the official Receiver! telegraphed instructions to his representative a t Coolgardie to seize the papers in question, together with books and plant, which was done. M r Kingswell explained tb at tbe Official Receiver claims the Miner property a s forming part of a debtor’s .estate. Subsequently a formal demand was made by a solicitor on behalf of Mr John Cully upon the official receiver’s agent for the removal of the bailiff, and return of the papers. The request was ignored. The property was recently sold undar a bill of eale to a syndicate. An information has been sworn against the agent of the receiver, charging him with illegally detaining th e books. B r e a c h o f P r o m i s e .— A case was heard Sydney on Thursday, in which a young woman named Mary Higgins sued Henry C. R. Nieholle, described as a mine manager, for breach of promise of marriage, olaiming £500 damages. T he story of plaintiff was that one night when in tbe street defendant spoke to her, and tbe acquaintance was improved until, finally, ■oposed marriage, She-accepted him, h e same night be took her to a certain bouse in town. Subsequently a child was born, and defendant again promised to m an^ her in a mbnth, b u t did not do so. He paid for the maintenance of tbe child for some time, and then discontinued all communication w ith her. The jury re ­ turned a verdict for plaintiff for £250 damages. CHARITY Co n c e r t .—To-morrow evening, a t the Mechanic’s Hall, an entertainment will be given by th e Jnventie Orchestra, assisted by tbe boys from th e Boys’ Home. The proceeds are to be devoted to a poor woman and three children, who are really in a destitute condition, and the case being a deserving one th e public Bhould fill the h a ll.. B u t c h e r s ’ V a r i e t t C o m p a n y . — The fourth concert by the Butchers’ Variety Company will be given in tb e Temperance Hall to-night. An entirely new programme is to be presented, to conclude with “ Slocum's Dog." * R ic h m o n d R i f l e C l u b .— All persons interested in tbe formation of a rifle clnb a t Richmond are requested to meet a t the Council Chambers, Richmond, on Friday, when Colonel W allach will explain rules and conditions of entry. P o p u l a r L e c t u r e .—O n Thursday the Rev, J. Wolfenden will deliver hie lecture on " Scenes and impressions of America. A collection will be made in aid of needy cases for bi-chloride of gold treatment. Legal.—Ur V. J. Ellis, solicitor, has removed te Colonial M utual Chambers. 