THE HAUNTED. MOUNTAINSi OR., .n COLOSEL CODY'S SEARCHI ~A. ROMANCE OF THE WEST. BY COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, \- Author of the "Mysterious Man in Blue." &c.; CHAPTER L.-THE UNLrACIOY THREE. UH.pon a log on the kill the game was to.be played, and placing the five dice in the .box, while all looked eagerly on, :.:.the renegade said: ,"" ''I'iv"HTYllt yuur nrkle ttlbw hi st, Col o'iel Cody, you and the lieutenoaat being the Isst." "All right, anyway: in fact, I don't care if I don't throw a-t all," replied Cody, with grim humor in the face of death. Lieutenant Seaford smiled, and then, it his face grew serious, he said, as Cole stepped forward,.he having been the first called by the renegade chief: "Do your best, my man, for you are as liable to win as lose." "God bless you, sir; but I'll lose," re plied Cole, p* he took the box Ihn a hand as firm as iron. He glan.dl over the Indian faces upturned to his, arid with a reckless smile, said: "IHere goes!" He threw the dice, calmly r?i?sd the box, and the renegade. chief called 'Out: "Two sixes, a pair of fours, and an . ace--twenty-one. I guess you'll be one of the three, pard." "I know I will--it's pre-ordained," was the cool rejoinder; and the scout Cole stepped aside, his face pale, but fearless. Scout Wallace was next Hlie hobbled forward with his irons, took the box, and, turning to Cody, said, earnestly: "I'd rather lose than 'have you do so, chief, for you have a great future be. fore you." "It may end right her', pard: but I thank you for the words;" and Cody arid the others watched Scout Wallace as he rattled the dice in the box and then threw. He hesitated before he raised the box; then quickly did so. and the renegade chief, as before, counted: "A pair of fives, one six, one four, and one deuce-twenty-one." The renegade chief called out to the Indians the result of the throw, and they heard it with intense interest. Wallace then stepped hack, and Scout Preston, a handsome young fellow, and an inveterate gambler among his com rades, stepped forward. "Renegade, I'll bet you my belt of arms you robbed me of against fifty dol lars that I beat the throw just made," he said, recklessly. "I'll take the bet," eagerly answered the renegade chief; and, turning to Cody, Scout Preston continued: "Chief, if I am one of the unlucky 'three, make Renegade pay the bet if I /win in my throw, and if you get through all right, send my money and what I " have at the fort to my mother. Her ad dress is on your books." With thia he glanced recklessly over the crowd of Indians, ?inked at a pretty Indian girl near him, and said, addres sing the renegade chief: "Here goes, assiPta't head devil!" The renegade chief, evidently a-born gambler himself, sprang quickly for ward to note the throw of Scout Pres ton, the latter standing by, his reckless smile upon his fearless face, and yet betraying real interest to see if he had won his bet with his captor. "Three sixes and two threes-twen ty-four!" called out the renegade chief, and he repeated it !1 the Indian tongue. "It is a good throw, and you have won your bet with me," the renegade ad amitted. "That-is some consolation, at least, if you pay it," observed Preston; and as he stepped back, he added: "Luck to you, lieutenant, :nd to the chief." Lieutenant Seaford was calm and ser ious. His face was utterly fearless, and as he took up the box he shook it, but found there were no dice in it. The renegade handed the five dice to him, and he dropped them into the box with a hand in which there was not the slightest tremor. "I can hardly wish myself luck. com rades; for what would be my life would be your death," he said, with a smile; and then he mad,' his throw. Raising the box when the renegade's eyes caught the throw, he called out: "Five fives-twenty-five! You have escaped, lieutenant, and it now remains to see what Colonel Cody will do." No change crwse-1 the fact. of the handsome, brave young officer, and he stepped back to give place to Cody. The Indians, however, showed their disappointment at the officer's escape. They knew that he was a chief, being an officer, and they wished to see him elle. As Colonel Cody was the next,and last. they quickly calmed down to see the result of his throw. They one and all longed to see him throw a 'number that would doom him then and there to death. The circle of chiefs crowded nearer, and old Red Lightning drew closer and .watched the proceedings with the deep est interest. "Renegade, I'll bet you the money you atole from me against a like sum that Colonel Cody throws high, for you can't down his luck." "I won't take the bet," growled the renegade. "What, back down from a dying man," sneered Scout Preston. Stung by the words, the renegade chief said, hotly: "I'll take the bet." "Good! Remember, Chief Cody, I had eighty dollars that he stole from rme; so he's got to pay' you that sum, and it goes to my mother, too." "Bless your brave soul, Preston! You are one among a thousand," warmly said the lieutenant, as he grasped the hand of the fearless young scout. Cody stepped forward,with a smile up on his face. . The dark bronze of long exposure to the elements hid any palenpss his face might otherwise have shown, but in looks and actions he was serene as a May morning. He took up the dice box, but, as before, it was empty. The renegade, handing him the dice, remark ed: "Now, Cody, your turn at the death rustle." Calmly Colonel Cody looked over the ranks of the red faces upturned to his. There was not a sound, and every eye was upon him, for all in that vast crowd of braves, squaws, and children knew Pa-e has-ka. They admired courage above all things, and yet had grieved that not one of their pale-face foes had shrunk with fear from the presence of death. Into the box the great scout dropped t·he dice, and, turning to his comrades, he said, quietly: "Remember, pards, my throw-settles ,who the unlucky three are to be; biut he they who they may, he must show these red devils that when nerve and pluck were given out Mister Lo didn't get it all." A yell burst involuntarily from the lips of ScoutPreston:that fairly stirtled a number pf the Indians and set a hun, -drod pappooses to squalllng and as ma?r' 572 ' Ilndian dogs to barking, at which the reckless young borderman laughed, and soid: "I've started every family organ in the place. I didn't mesn to do' that, chief." Colonel Cody h2d to smile in spite Of himself at .he bedlam raised by the war cryof Preston, end as the pappooses had bedn silenced and the dogs kicked out of the crowd, he nmules the last throw. " Quietly he raised the box, and In an earnest tone, that seemed to indicate pleasure at the result, the renegade chief called out: "Five sixes. Thirty!" "Your three scouts., Colonel Cody. are lthe, doomed trio!" CHAPTER LI-REVENGE. Not one of the three scouts flinched .und?er the .doo .that had o.t lr?i.ep, them, but calmly looked at each other. Cody was the first to epeak, and he ad dressed the renegade. "See here, chief, you have influence in this tribe, so use it to save my com rades." "I cannot. I stretched my authority too far In delaying the day of revenge, and in saying that but three should now die. I even told them that the Great Spirit had come to me in a dream, and said that thnree only should die now, the others being kept for a greait day of the tribe, when the snows should melt, I tlll you, I wanted to use all of you for a gatne of my own, but had to let'three go. You and the lieutenant are safe." "'Yes, and our three unfortunate com rades are doomed," sadly said Cody, while Lieutenant Seaford spoke up: "See here, chief, I am not a poor man, and if Red Lightning will spari, those men, I will send to the fort and get blankets, clothing and provisions for him and his people." "I will ask him." And" the renegade went apart and held an earnest conversation with the head chief. But old Red Lightning was seen to shake his head, and then turn to the chiefs of war bands. But they, too, shook their heads, and, returning, the renegade said: "It is useless. The chief says his people must have their, revenge, and they are only sorry that all of you do not suffer to-day." "Don't beg him for our lives, chief, for it will do no good," said Scout Pres ton. "No, we have to go," Cole added, while Wallace. rejoined: "Let:'us get ready, pards, for the red devils are becoming bloodthirsty." Cody stretched forth his manacled hands and grasped a hand of each scout in silent'farewell, Lieutenant Seaford doing the same. Then the three men were placed against some trees side by side, and were bound there. The In dians opened an avenue before them, and behind them no one stood. The chiefs then circled round them three times, the braves following their texample and chanting a wild song as they did so. Upon the little hill stood Red Light ning, the renegade, and several medicine chiefs, and id their midst werq? Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seafordi. They were stern-faced now, their lips -hard set?, ,?d.theiir eyes burning 'with a fierce light as they bent them iupon their doomed corirades, whom they were pow erless to help. The three doomed scouts did not w'ince at the preparations for their death, but, lassoed to the trees at their backs awaited the appalling ordeal through vwhich they must pass. The braves having circled thrice round the trio, passed to one side, and the young bucks followed, after which the wonmen and children mnoved by, heaping upon them every indignity they could offer. "It's harder for you and the lieutenant, chief, than for us to hear," called out Scout Preston, while Wallace shouted: "Only remember all this if you escape. Yes. don't forget what Indian revenge is, lieutenant, when you talk to the good missionaries East," cried Cole. "We will not forget," responded Cody; and as he spoke the young bucks took a stand in front of the prisoners, and at arrowshot distance from them. At the command of a young leader they began to shoot, and arrow after arrow was sent at its human target. And arrow after arrow. cut the flesh, though none struck a vital part; for killing their foes quiclkly would not be sweet revenge long drawn out. The brave prisoners shuddered as an arrow would cut into the flesh, but there was no outcry, no appeal for a mercy that was unknown. They had nerved themselves to suffer and be strong - to bear all and die like the true braves they were. Great beads of sweat stood out upon the brows of Lieutenant Seaford and Colonel Cody, though the day was very cold, and their faces grew haggard, their eyes sunken, as they stood there and were compelled to witness the sickening sight. The young bucks were then waved aside, the warriors took their places, and arrow after arrow was sent upon its mission to cut the flesh but not to kill, until at last human nature could bear no more, and, weakened by the loss of blood, the head of one of the scouts fell forward, another followed soon after, and then, with a wild death-cry of de spair; Scout Preston's soul also took its flight from its anguish-racked body. CHAPTER, LI.-A SPECTRE IN CABIMP. Strange stories the Indians told of the range of mountains beyond them being the abiding-place of spirits. It was even told by the braves that they had seen these spirits riding about the range in which their visit was usual, and there were scores of Indianl who asserted that a white horse and rider had ridden twice at night through their own village. In the whole tribe there was not an Indian who would have dared raise rifle or bow against the weird being in white, which they believed had come back from the happy hunting-grounds to per form some duty on earth. The renegade chlef had told his pri soners of these stories of the Indians, and furthermore had added that one night he had seen the spectre himself and had given chase to it, but he might just as well have tried to overtake the wind as the white horse he was pur suing. "I am not superstitious, but I would not likte that white horse and rider to cross my path agaln-no,. not for a fortune," he had said. This was the day before the death of the three unfortunate scouts,and Colonel Cody had made no comment, though he and his companions had listened to the recital of the renegade with deep inte rest. When Cody and Lieutenant Seaford had seen their friends die, the scout had asked, the renegade chief to allow them to bury them. "I dare not now; but to- night I will go with you, and you can carry them off out of the valley and bury them if you wish," he answered. Colonel Cody was only too glad to get the chance, and said to the lieutenant as they were being led to their cabin: "I only hope that he will go alone with Us0"": . ....."" •'" : I Once in their.log pison again the two men sat down dejectedly before the blazing fire, for the renegade threw on fresh logs before leaving them. They had seen the black looks cast at them by the Indians because they had not shared the fate of their comrades, and they were hooted all the way to their cabin. Left alone by the renegade, though they well knew there were Indian guards outside, they sat in silence, their thoughts reverting to the dead, arrow pierced forms of their beloved comrades, still tied to the trees where they had been shot to death. The renegade had told them that they must get their own supper as best they could, ironed as they were; for he was going to take his meal with Red Light ning, at whose tepee there was to be a pow-wow. They made no reply, and, having, no desire to eat, sat in gloomy silence, urc able to shit ouftihe horrilie sight they had been forced to witness. They did not talk-their hearts were too full for that; but silently they waited while the hours glided away. Then the renegade chief returned, and seemed surprised that they had eaten no supper nor had gone to bed. "Don't mope, for it will do no good," he said. They made no reply, and he con tinued: "You were in great luck to have me run the game for you, for the chances are that one of you would not have thrown as high as you did had I not fixed it." - "What do you mean?" sternly deo manded Colonel Cody. "Goodness!, are you angry because I helped you out?" asked the man. "Come, explain what you mean," im patiently urged Lieutenant Seaford. "See here, I've been a gambler all my life, and a card-sharper as well, I may say. I had to yield to the pressure and let three of your men die, though, for the purpose I'had in view, I would like to have spared all of you. Not from mercy,. mind you, but for a purpose. Well. I could use an officer of the army and Colonel Cody, ch!ef of scouts, better than I could three ordinary scouts; so, as I go loaded for what turns up, I just played my loaded dice on you two, the other three playing the unloaded ones. Do you understand?" "Yes; I see that we doubtless owe our lives to your infernal treachery, for whlch, if it were in my power, I would break every bone in your body, though it were on my behalf," retorted Colonel Cody, while Lieutenant Seaford sternly supplemented: "Yes; though your treachery to. our comrades doubtless-saved us, for their throws were high, you are a most des picable wretch. We should have taken our chances with them." The renegade chief rose as thought in a rage, but before he could speak the door flew open, and a brave sprang into the cabin, calling out that the spirit from the happy hunting-grounds was in the village ! "My God ! the White Spectre in camp ?" came with a groan from the lips of the renegade chief, and he turned with an almost despairing look to his two prisoners, as if looking to them for help. CHAPTER LTIl.--FROM THH HAPPY HUNTING-GROUNDS. "Let us see that spectre," said Colonel Cody, hobbling towards the door as fast as he could, ironed as he was. "No, no; I'll not look at it!" cried the renegade, who now was trembling from head to foot. "There's another point in which we differ," said Lieutenant Seaford. "I wish to see it;" and he hobbled towards the door, "Let my young men stand firm and give no alarm !" the renegade chief or tdered, still keeping his place in the full glare of the fire. The young men of the renegade's band seemed to have no desire to move or give any alarm. There were several of them without the cabin as guards, and they stood in silent awe, gazing at what they deemed was a visitant from the happy hunting-grounds. It was after midnight, and there was a crescent moon which was nearing the horizon, but it gave light enough to show that the whole village was wrapped in repose, save those at the renegade's cabin and the ghostly visitors-for there were two of them. When Cody and Lieutenant Seaford reached the cabin door they beheld a sight that was indeed startling to a superstitious mind. The snow and the moonlight together, with the dark mountain sides, gave a weird light, by whose glow they saw, slowly riding down the valley, two horsemen, and fol lowing in single file were three horses. The riders and their horses, even the three following, were white as the snow, and flowing robes fell' about them. Straight past the cabin they rode, and passed on to the little rise, above which grew the trees to which the bodies of the dead scouts were still bound. Here they halted, the riders dis mounted, and the five horses gathered close round them, at which movement the two prisoners and the Indlan braves looked on in silent amazement-the red skins In deepest awe, while the rene gade within still crouched in the full glare of the firelight. For some minutes-it seemed to the lookers-on a long time-the white-robed forms and steeds remained about the trees, distant several hundred yards from the cabin, and the weird moonlight revealing their every movement. What did ift mean? Who were they? What was their purpose? Then the scout and Lieut. Seaford, as well as the red-skin guards, saw the horses turn from the trees, and each ut tered an exclamation of surprise as they beheld not only two, but five white robed riders, as the horses retraced the trail they had come. "Chief, these are two spirits, and they have come for our dead friends; for now there are five spirit spectre horsemen going back up the valley, returning to the happy hunting-grounds," said Cody, to the renegade, who only drew closer to the fire at the announcement. Back up the traoll the five horsemen, robed in white,' went, uritil they. disap pea:tred in the deep shadow of .the range. "What do you make of it, Cody.? ' whispered Lleitenanhf SeBaford. - "The Surgeon Scout playing ghost, I take it," 'was the low reply. "Let us tell the chief all that we saw." "No, the braves will do that, and we must listen to them." Then the young braves entered the cabin, and they told their chief what they had seen, adding: "The spirits came from the happy hunting-grounds, and took the dead pale-faces back with them" The renegade listened with a look of unutterable terror on his face, and hoarsely ordered that his young men should go to the trees and see if the bodies of the dead scouts were there. Two of them darted away, and. when they returned they both told the .same story-the 'three dead scouts were gone. "That saves us the duty of burying them, for we were waiting for ydu to go with us as you promised to-night,. ob served Cody. "I would not go out of this cabin to night for a fortune. Tell me, Cody, iido you 'really believe 'that 'the dead cdime bsack to the earth In spirit form?" "Have-we not seen proof of' it?" sa" Cody's uncompromising reply. "And you, lieutenant-for you were brought up among the superstitious men of the frontier-do you believe there are really haunting spirits to come back to earth?" "I believe what I see, chief, and I dis tinctly saw to-night that which I cannot account for. I think you nade a- sad mistake in murdering our noble com rades," solemnly responded Lleutenant Seaford. "My God! I could not help it!l It was forced upon me; and now I shall go mad if they, too, are to haunt me, for already another from the grave is about me day and night;" and. the renegade chief buried his face in his hands as though to shut out some dread haunting spectre of the past. CHAPTER LIV.-A HAUNTED MAN. Both Colonel Cody and Itieutenant Seaford were deeply .impressed .with what they had seeh, and yet could not account for. Not for amomentdld they believe in the supernxtural, and* yet it was unaccountable to them how they had seen two spectre-looking horsemen ride into the villaige, halt at the trees where hung the bodies of their slain com rades, and then five white-robed f6rms ride away like seemlng phantoms. "It's more than I call grasp," muttered Cody to the lieutenant; and yet bsn sur prise did not prevent him from wishing to make the renegade suffer for his crimes, and seeing this Lieutenant Sea ford chimed in with him. They had discovered that the-renegade awoke with a nightmare every night, that he shouted-..out in hL'' .sleep, and was frequently fighting off a spectre in his dreams. They were convinced that he had committed- ome heinous crime, and that there was a woman who had been the sufferer. But now they discov ered that he was suffering great mental anguish when wide awake. His crimes, his wild life, and dwelling among the redskins had made him as su perstitious a. the Indians who had m-ade him a chief in their tribe. In spite of their feelings towards the man, the scout and the offlcer were both compelled to pity him in the anguish he Ssuffered, when he cried out: "For the love of Heaven, gentlemen, tell me if you believe that spirits of the dead walk the earth?" "I have never believed so, and think now there is an explanation for what we saw, if we could only get at it," Lieutenant Seaford said, compassion a-tely. "But you saw them, Colonel Cody?" "Oh, yes, I saw a sightthat I cannot explain." -.were you ever a faunted man?" "No." "I am;" and there was a world of meaning in the words and the manner in which they were spoken. As the two prisoners did not pursue, the matter further, Ithe renegade chlef rose, paced to and fro for awhile, and tien tharowing more logs on the fire, went over to his bunk in the other end of the cabin to retire. "If you hear me groaning in my sleep, I beg you to awaken me," he saild ear nestly; and they both promised, They were impressed with the man ; for, in spite of his face in all its hideous war-paint, they saw that it was a fine one, and his language and motiners indi cated that he had been a gentleman and reared in reflinemet. You think tt was Powell, then, playing off the ghost?" Whispered Lieutenant Seaford, as the two sat before the fire, and the steady breathing of the renegade showed that he was asleep. "It flashed upon me that it was Powell." "I have known him to do some very reckless and clever things to rescue a friend in need." "But you forget your Ghost of the Mountains?" "Abh, yes; I had forgotten him. But then that was the other range of mourn tains which he haunted." "True; but he proved your friend mbre than once. and may be doing so again.' "It may be; but there was a pair of them to-night." "Five, as they rode away." 'But how do you account for that most clever acnt?" "I hardly know. If it was Frank Powell, he has one of my scouts aiding him, and it woas a desperately bold game for them to enter this village as they did." "And carry off the three bodies, too. I cannot understand that performance, Cody." "Nor can I, lieutenant." "May not Powell have met your friendly ghost and joined forces with him?" "Ah that may be. But whoever it was who was playing the ghost must have been aware that our three com rades were killed to-day, they doubtless witnessing the whole affair from the mountains." "Yes; and if they can carry off the dead, the living may not be neglected." "That is JUst what I was thinking, and I fancy we had better be on the look-out for more ghostly visitors. If they only knew it, they would find noth ing to harm them here, for the renegade would die with fright and the young bucks stand calmly and see them rescue us. But now let ux try and sleep, sir Ah! there is the renegade chased by a whole graveyard full of ghosts from the way he howls." And Cody hastened over to awaken the haunted man, who was suffering untold agony in his dreams. S(To be Continued.) 