THEATRICAL SLANG. PHRASES THAT ARE IN CONSTANT USE BY THE CHILDREN OF THE FOOTLIGHTS. Few callings exploit as much slang as that of the actor. He has a slang word for every phase of his business. The perform- ance, to begin with, is the "show," which, when good, is " out of sight; " when bad, is " snide," though the words " screamer" and " goosey " are sometimes used as alter- natives with the first-named expressions. The stage manager is commonly " Daddy," and a professional actor is " one of the profesh." A person who appears on the stage on special occasions, and in very subordinate parts, is a "super," often still further contracted into "supe." An article used on the stage by the actors is a "prop- erty," while the leader of the orchestra is always the "Professor," and the place where he and the musicians sit is often known as the "menagerie." When the salaries have been paid the actors tell each other that the "ghost walks," while actors who give performances in halls and such places as can be obtained are dis- respectfully known as "barnstormers." A place where only one performance is given is a " one-night stand," and to "play to good business " is to succeed financially in a theatrical venture. By the " house " is meant the audience, and to " paper the house " is to send out a large number of " complimentaries," or tickets for which no money has been paid. By a " run" is meant the number of performances given at one " stand," or theatre, while a " star" is understood to mean the leading actor of a play; a " walking gentleman" is an actor who speaks little, a " serio-comic" is an actor whose work is indicated by his name. An actor "sticks" when he forgets the words assigned to him and " kicks " when he raises an objection to an order or requests. In stage parlance "business" is any by-play, either preconcerted or impromptu, per- formed by an actor in order to fill an interval while some one else is speaking, to further the course of the plot, or simply to cause amusement among the audience. The stage is the " boards " and the gallery the " home of the gods." 