'An IJi.l'tti-ttiiiuie ISxitetlUiou ' A STORY OF THE WESTERN SAHARA. Between the south of Morocco and the river Senegal stretches tor some hun dreds of miles a sandy coast which forms the western border of the Sahara desert. Inland lies a wild and desolate land of low rocky hills and wastes ol hot sand, although here and there in isolated spots, where a rain falls at long intervals, may be found clusters of date palms, a. little rough barley, and enough small bushes and harsh wiry grass to support a few sheep. This sun- scorched, dried-up country is inhabited by wandering tribes, half Moor and half Arab, who travel about from oasis to oasis in search of food for their horses and sheep. These are wild men, true children of the desert, and although both Sultan of Morocco and Spanish Government claim a kind of suzerainty over them, they acknowledge no man's authority; . and are ready to shed the blood of Moorish shereef as they are that of Spanish officer or English ad venturer. It is believed that there are valuable minerals in this country — that there is gold is known — but for the reasons given, prospecting is not successful, neither have explorers always returned. Now some little time ago a company was organised in England ' to explore and develop the great mineral riches' of the country in question, and Spanish schooners from the Canary Islands were sent with presents in hopes of inducing the Moors to allow miners to prospect. One or two of the officials of the com pany also spent a pleasant time, loung ing about on shady hotel verandas, or 'making delightful excursions among the vine-clad hills and wild volcanic moun tains of Grand Canary and Tenerife, or from time to time chartered a steamer and spent a day or two on the .coast. After this they sent home encouraging reports, and small specimens of gold and other matters, so that the hearts of the shareholders were lifted up in the ex pectation of twenty-five per cent divi dends, and they did not hesitate to in crease the salaries of the officials in question. Meantime, the wandering tribes held many' consultations among the defiles of the. hills as to what should be done to the infidel, for the sons of the desert are true Mussulmans. The younger ones suggested that the whole party should be killed off-hand, but the gi ay-bearded sheikhs shook their heads and said: 'That is foolishness,.; for,. if , you slay them, whoVwill give you; presents, even many roils of cloth, and., guns, and knives? Besides, they are not ot the race of Spain, and though you would without doubt destroy them, yet would many of the faithful die in the attempt. It. were belter, therefore, to respect the firman of the Sultan which the Christian dogs hold, and allow, them to come Ireely while they enrich us with their cloth and picnic about the land, and we will extend even our guod-will and send them guides to lead them — where there is no gold. Thus will Allah blind there eyes that they may find nothing, and when they be tired and the presents cease, then shall ye slay them.' And all the tribesmen agreed that there was wisdom in the words. Some of my readers may know the harbour of Las Palmas, in the Island of Grand Canary, which is perhaps the dirtiest and at the same time one of the most beautiful on earth, for while below are coaling stations,' lime kilns, and wooden hovels; above, the great vol canic mountains rear their j lgged crests against the sapphire sky, with soft clouds of silvery mist shrouding their vine-clad slopes. One night in^August there was a sound of revelry by night in the little tavern of Juan Garcias at the head of the mole, which showed' that the exploring expe dition was enjoying itself preparatory to embarking. It was what the Americans would call' a'' mixed crowd.' In a corner sat the two Westons, Tom and Jim, who were nominally .in charge, handsome bright-eyed young fellows, both shouting with delight at the antics of big Peter, engineer of a Spanish steamer, who was dancing a sword dance to the music of two guitars and a mandoline, played by the Spanish captain, Manuel, and two of his swarthy crew. Around the wall lounged six- men, known as ' th'e army,' who, on the strength of having at one time served her majesty, had been engaged as a guard of honor. There were also two Syrians to act as interpre ters with the Moors, while sitting on the middle of the table ' discoursing upon things in general was Captain Thomas, who had been everything from captain of an Australian clipper to successful prospector in Alaska, and who was practically in charge of the party. When he was sober, which was, however, rarely the case, it could not have been in better hands. At length, when the expedition had drunk all the manzanilla and sweet moscatel in the ulace, and shouted them selves hoarse singing 'The road to Mandalay,' it took itself oft and' stag gered along the mole in the direction of its launch. 'The ' army' lingered behind to settle a dispute ^bout payment by throwing the unfortunate ' mozo' over the mole into the sea, informing him as sthey did so, that this was how they were prepared to treat ' the 'ole bloomin' Arabs.' As, however, the islanders can swim like fishes, the episode. only meant a further bill for the company, while two armed guardias tiviles, looking on un moved, with Spanish gravity remarked that ' truly atl the English are mad.1 A little later the ratling of blocks and slatting of canvas announced that the fast schooner Hermosa Beatrix was get ting underway, and by-and-by a dim out line of white canvas that gleamed in the moonlight, as the graceful vessel threshed her way along over the glittering sea, close hauled to the fresh trade breeze, was all that the watchers on the mole could see of the expedition. Two days after, Jim Weston, turning ?out on deck at five o'clock, found the schooner heading for a line of san y coast, over which the sun was just rising, lightning up the heavy suif that broke on the beach. Lowering down the peak of the ununsail she crossed the tail of a liunk on which the long Atlantic swell vas breaking in sheets of snowy foam, and with bos'n Carlos swinging the lead in the forerigging, the captain carefully felt 151s way up a channel leading be tween the bank and the shore, and a few minutes later the little vessel rode securely to two anchors, rolling from rail to rail and throwing sheets of glitter ing spray over her bows as she dipped into the creamy broken seas that swept over the bank. After breakfast the big launch was put over the side, aud although there was some trouble in getting through the sun, the whole parly, with their goods and chattels, landed wet but sate on the beach. ' Each man at once strapped on his load of provisions, blanket, and felt lined tins of water. The two Westons, the two Syrians, and Captain Thomas carried revolvers as well as rifles, while the ' army' was armed with the Martini alone. When all was ready, Jim Weston gave the word to march, and the party tramped aloug under their heavy loads, ankle-deep in hot saad, until towards noou they emerged from the sandhills into a flat treeless plain. Under foot lay loose red earth mixed with sand and white pebbles, and the only sign of vege tation wna a few thorny bushes; while ahead, the plain stretched without a leaf or blade of grass to break the monotony, until blue and distant on the eastern horizon lay a low line of hills which was their destination. Overhead the sun shone down with pitiless fierce ness, and the ground lay shimmering in the glare with that peculiar dancing of the air which may sometimes be seen in England on a hot July day. 1 We can't stand still without sun stroke, lads,' said old Captain Xhoams, ' so come along ; while the perspiration's running off you it's all right;' and worn out and half-blinded with the brightness they stumbled along until sunset, when they camped at the foot of a few rocks. In this land there is little twilight, and scarcely had the sun dipped behind the sand-hills than the darkness came down, blotting out the glowing crimson and green of the western sky, and with it came a cool breeze which occasionally blows at night in the desert, though where it springs from amid the waste of hot smid it is hard to say. When we had cut a few of the brown thorny .bushes which grew every here and there, a hre was made ana a tjotoierui ot tea and a few drops of vermouth washed down the frugal meal. The two Moor ish hostages who always accompanied the party, assured them that none of their people were near, so arranging for the ' army' to relipve one another as sentries, Jim Weston rolled himself in his blanket and lay down, looking up towards the stars which in that clear air flashed with a brilliancy unknown to the north, and drinking in the cool night breeze that swept in grateful freshness across his sun-scorched face until he fell asleep. Next morning the whole party, in cluding the sentry that was slumbering us peacefully as any, were awakened by the. hot sun on their faces, and after a scanty Breakfast were soon on the march. ' Worse nor a bloomin' tread mill, Tom,' said one of the army to his comrade ; ' no ale, no time to sit down, no gold, an' no nothink.' 1 Well, if you ain't got no gold, be thankful you've got no lead neither,' whs the reply, and the party went on in silence. Towards noon they reached the first of the low rocky hills, aud for some hours threaded their way through a stony defile, in tlie bottom of which it appeared as if a little water had run at some remote period. That is what the Arabs call a ' wudy,' or river, and as the Moors had indicated this as a spot in which gold was to be found, all hands were on the alert, Captain Thomas, however, could find no trace of any metal, and shortly before dark he came running back calling out that he had seen three or four mounted men disap pear round the shoulder of a hill. The guides either had not seen them ? or would not admit that they had, so when night came the party climbed the side of the valley and camped in a hollow on one of the bordering hills. ' You can arrange it any way you like, men,' said Weston, ' but there must be two of you on watch together all through the night, and no noise ; if you see any Moors, let me know at once.' None ot the expedition will ever forget that night; the surrounding hills shut out the breezo, and the hot rocks radiated the warmth they had stored by day, so Mint the heat was, as the army said, 'somethink awful.1 Soaked in perspiration they smoked and chattod in low tones until Ciiptain Thomas, who had been in the country years before, took up the tale and told how Hvch and such an unfortunate Spaniard had perished by knife or bullet, or had been carried away into the far Sahara, whi'e the . hostages, who understood a little English, licked their lips and nodded their heads approvingly. At length Jim Weston nudged him and whispered filmrply, ' Stop it, you fool, or you'll have the whole lot bolting — come out witn me. Side by side thoy climbed the slope and crossed a strip of tableland, and Weston stamped his foot as the words, ' There's a Burma girl a waitin' an' she sink's ka lo la lai,' camp they hud left behind, followed by tlie swinging chorus, ' On the road to Miindalay.' 1 What's that fool Tom doing to let them make that row,' he said. ' If the Moms are on the maraud, there'll be half a pound of slugs in the camp be fore they know ? Thank goodness they've stopped now.1 ]ty this time tlio two stood looking down into a narrow roeky gorge which lay at their feet, ono sidn clear and dis tinct in the moonlight, while the other lay in deep shadow, Weston raised, his head and slowly swept his gaze around, but he could sen nothing but a wild si retell of stony desolate hills, gleaming white and ghostly in the moonlight, and spumed with dark patches of shadow where the valleys intersected them. As he stood and watched, the captain grasped his companion's arm. ' Drop down flat on your face and keep the rifle barrel in the shadow,1 he said ; and they both flattened themselves against the hot stones, while from up the valley came the faint sound of hoofs. ' I hope to the Lord those fools won't sing again,' said the captain, and they both waited breathlessly while the soft sound of hoofs came nearer and nearer — for the Arab horses are rarely shod. At length from out of the shadow emerged three camels swinging along at their awkward gait, both left feet to gether, and both right foefc together, a way in which, as far as I am aware, no other animal travels. On the back of each sat two Moors clad in a long blue garment, half tunic aud half shawl, which hung from the shoulders, loose blouse trousers and white burnouse ; following one by one came a score of horsemen, the barrels of their long guns gleaming in the moonlight. Beautiful weapons these are, the fine Damascus steel barrels often, inlaid with gold and silver, and the stocks curiously dove tailed ivory and hardwood. Biding silently one by one into the moonlight, they passed away again into the shadow like a procession of ghosts. When the last had gone the captain said : ' I know them. They are some of the tribe the Spaniards at Rio de Oro had the trouble with, and if they are looking for us our lives are not worth much.' Rising to their feet the two companions climbed a small eleva tion, from the summit of which they watched the ' horsemen emerge from the hills and strike across the desert in the direction of the coast, then they turned towards the camp. As they neared it several rifle shots rang out and the two Moorish hostages went flying. past them. In an instant Weston threw up his rifle, but just as he lined the foresight on one of the men's shoulders the captain seized his arm. ' Let them go,' he said. ' If you shoot one of these fellows we'll have the whole country down on us to-morrow ;' and so the two Moors disappeared in a ravine among the hills. On our reaching camp it was decided that as the hostages had bolted, treachery was intended, and they had better makefor the coast at once. Space will not permit us to tell of the return journey. Suffice it to say, that the army declared the march to Cabul t» be ' nothing to it,' and that with all their water used up, utterly worn out, scorched with, the sun and half blind from the glare, on the morning of the second day the expedition dragged its weary lirnha around the point and stag gered into the little bay of Santiago. 1 Boys,' 6aid Captain Thomas, ' the schooner's gone ; there's too much wind and sea hore, and she must have run down the coast for shelter.' This was the end, at)d the whole party sat dowu on the sand in despair. ' It's all up,' said one of the soldiers. 1 1 can't go a foot farther, so we must just sit down and wait for the Moors — here they come too,' and he pointed in land where they saw some twenty moun ted Moors and a number on foot making for the sandhills. 'We may just as well stay where we are and make the best stand we can ; they won't take me prisoner,' said Jim Weston as he tapped hia rifle. ' Don't be fools,' was the captain's reply. ' We can hold the top of that sandhill against them even if they mean business,' and as fast as their tired limbs would let them, the men struggled through the sand to the summit of the dune which rose above any of the sur rounding ones, where a hollow was scraped out in the sand ; and laying their baggage around the outside, the little party lay down to wait events. By-and-by the Moors lode into the sandhills, tall handsome men mounted on diminutive horses, and waiting until the men on foot came up, spread themselves round the Englishmen's position, a number lying down amid the sand on neighboring heights so as to shoot to advantage. ' Ask them what they want, Girardi,' said Tom Weston to the elder Syrian, and the latter standing up spoke in Araliic to a tall sheikh who seemed to be the leader, and after the luttor's reply turned to his comrades and said : ' They are come to take us away to the interior where we will be held for a ransom, 1-ut not ill-used if we make no resistance.1 ' Tell them to come and take us if they can,' said Jim Weston. ' 'Ear. 'ear ! ther'll be a gorgeous fight,1 replied the army. Wheeling his horse the sheikh rode back to his followers and the next minute at full gallop they dashed past the foot of thp. sandhill, turning in the satldle and firing their guns ns they passed, and with a vicious ' pint, pint,' slugs and small stones threw up little puffs of dust and perforated the water tins. Not a man of the expedition fired, hut when ten minutes afterwards the cavalcade again approached, the old captain shouted, ' Now lads, give it them this time,' nnd the army ground their teeth and jammed their left elbows in tho sand as they followed the horsemen with the tiny foresight, 'crack, crack,1 wont ths rifles, and a cloud of blue smoke drifted across Waston's fne«». Next moment his hat was lifteJ off his liend and something threw a handful of dust in his eyes, while a volley of small stones and slugs whistled over the heads of tho defenders. When he could look out again, two of the horses lay rolling in agony amidst tho sand at their foot, while a wounded Moor crawled away on hands and knees. Then he sat up and looked at his per forated hut and felt a little siolc, while from overhead the sun's rays poured down with a pitiless heat, the sandhills threw up the glare, and rifle-burrel and sand burned the fingers. ' This ain't no tiloomin' fitin', nothin1 but a picnic,' said one of the ex troopers, ' but you may as Well be shot as die of sunstroke' ? He stopped suddenly, for three little puffs of smoke blew out from the surrounding sand, and a shower of slugs whistled into the camp. ' I can't see no head, Tom, but that's like tho sun on a gun-barrel sticking out behind them stones — let's try.' Both the rifles flashed, and presently a Moor crawled out on his hands and knees, then rolled down the slope, and lay a* the bottom, a patch of raw blue and brown against the white sand. Aften this the firing ceased, and Captain. Thomas rising to his feet looked round. ' I can't see any sign of them ; they must be crawl ing in the sand somewhere, waiting to rush us,' ho said, ' Hurrah ! here's the Beatrix coming. She has been standing off and on waiting, for there's too much sea to anchor here.' All jumped to their feet, and as they did so, 'crack, crack, crack,' weot three guns, and the smoke floated down the face of the opposite slope. .Tom Weston felt a smart blow on his arm, and found he had a slug through it, while one of the troopers got a stone in the leg. There was no help for it, and all hands at once flattened themselves down into the sand, which felt like red cinders, and lay panting in the hent with mouths and throats dry and parched, while they watched with anxious eyes the white canvas of the schooner coming nearer and nearer, until ot length she rounded to, and they saw the big launch with ten seamen in it coming ashore. The chances were, however, that the launch would be swamped in the surf or smashed on the beach, and then their friends would lie as badly off as them selves. As they anxiously watched her they saw the tall figure of Carlos, who was standing at the tiller, shove Ins helm doivn, aud next moment as the launch came flying shoreward on the crest of a big green roller, ten swarthy bare-legged seamen sprang into the water and struggled up the beach against the backwash of the sea. Four men, mean time, remained in the launch and pulled her out clear of the surf. The seamen were only armed with their inseparable long knives, and Carlos carried a sixteen foot oar : but whatever the Spaniard may be he is no coward, and between the ' Canarios' and the Moors, in spite of a certain similarity, there has been for ages a deadly fued, and many n wrecked schooner's crew or ' bacalao1 fisherman has disappeared into the wilds of the Sahara. Dashing the water out of their eyes and drawing their knives they advanced up the bench, while the expedition marched out in a solid body from the top of the sandhill, and without firing a shot charged straight for the launch right through the Moors, who dashed out horse and foot to intercept them. The noxt minute there was, as the army said, a gorgeous fight. England and Spain side by side, rifle-butts flying among horses' heads, the long knives of the Spanish seamen flashing, and the Westons and the younger Girardi firing their revolvers right and left into tho mass. In the midst of it stood Carlos swing ing his long oar at arm's length and knocking his swarthy foes out of their saddles right and left. The fray was so quick and mixed that shooting, except with the revolver, was out of the ques tion, and while the Spaniards used their long knives with ..effect, the English struck right and left with clubbed rifles. In a few seconds it was over. They broke through the Moors, and rushing waist-deep into the water, tumbled head first over the stern of the plunging launch, and the seamen grasp ing the oars made for deep water.' The younger GirarJi, the greater portion of his jaw shot away lay down in the stern sheets, and with his repeating rifle shot several of the Moors ; and a few minutes later the expedition stood on the deck of the Beatrix, which vessel, under all the sail, slie could carry, stood away to sea. There were at least two of their foes hit in the sandhills, besides horses, and several more lay on the beach ; while of the adventurers, Girardi lost half of his lower jaw, two Spanish seamen were badly wounded, and a third was taken prisoner and carried away into the dasert. Shortly afterwards the shareholders, seeing no prospect of the twenty-five per cent, dividends, wound up the company ; but all those concerned in it will long remember the ' unfortunate expedition.' — Chambers's. 