OUR SERIAL STORY A DISCIPLE OF CAIN All Bights Reserved. CHAPTER XTX. BY WILLIAM H. -ELSDM. : In which onr friend, .Tom baiakiw, is clcvcrlj'ihoaxed ; ahdaceitain laconic.mbssage\gtedderis:tiie heart bfahe PfofeSibrl. • Spencer-street RviHvay Station is not,; even al the best of times, a locality :ii the least suggestive of romance or poetry. A certain..'English globe-trotter, having, in the course of his. perpg'riiiations.'tqured through our. wondrous, little colony, on his subsequent return ; to the " old country," remarked to. his friends that Melbourne was truly a noble city: her streets were rows of placesher roads were like billiard tables; she had all the conveniences .and. .advantages pi;, the. most modern city -upon the^ earth, .h.af railway .stationsj:.3.V&.K pcStm^uSuslyf i of thii?irQ>- ,v erjSgooiNaders: may^uHg^ But of a certainty' the priscincts of the above-named • railway terminus were not enlivened upon a .certain day subsequenttotliedetailsenunieratedinqurpreviouscliapters by a thick, drizzling rain that fell incessantly throughout the day, and made all things unpleasant and gloomy. It was the day following the wondrous discovery made by .our two detective friends in the depths of the Sh-ath_bogie bush, and, in accordance with the telegraphed directions of our friend Northage, Waldial Mot, or rather, Tom Laidlaw, was impatiently promenading the platform, awaiting the ajrival of a train that, if sundry boards ;and notices were to be relied upon, came from the township of — ,Goulbum Valley, Victoria. , He had not long to wait, for presently, with much preamble of steam and smoke, she rolled into the station. The customary conglomeration of .noise, bustle' and excitement ensued, and amidst it all Messrs. Northage and Blacks w alighted, and with them their strange companion, the " Ghost of the Strathbogies," or, as 'we now know him to be, poor old Yan Erkhardt. They were greeted effusively by the expectant Tom, who gazed in disappointed surprise upon the shrunken form and wizened face of the German, and then exclaimed, ruefully— "Nouhage; you have, I regret to state, made a most lamentable mistake.' 1 How so ? " asked the detective. Tnis is not he of whom you spoke, Van Erkhardt." " There you are most decidedly wrong." '• Are you positive of what you affirm ? " " Yes; I have conclusive proof that-such is the case." " Then if this be so, I can safely assert that I was never more deceived in my life. Good God, what agony. he must have endured ; Yan, old friend, don't you know me ?" and the honest fellow's voice choked with suppressed emotion. " He knows no one or nothing,'" said Blackshaw, " he has iollowed us just as a faithful dog would, but lie has no knowledge whatever of his surroundings,'' 1 " Poor old Yan." " H: ave you a cab, Laidlaw ? " questioned Northage, " and we will take him to your hotel as quickly as possible," \- "Yes, I have a cab waiting outside; bring him along'; poor old fellow." They entered the vehicle, the driver whipped up his Steed, and they were driven rapidly to the .hotel. Alighting, tht:y passed mto TomJs^pavtments/.w^^ before them, to which they did ample, justice,-the German eating almost greedily, until they offered him a glass of whisky, at which lie evinced all the 'symptoms of a man iri mortal terror, and cowered into a cqrrier of the room, until they substituted water, which he drank without the slightest demur. Then the detectives informed T®m,of all that had transpired : of the clothes belonging to the murdered Baxter, of the skeleton of the faithful d©g, land above all, of the now Similiar triangular brand, which ^remarkable narrative effectively removed all lingering doubts from Tom's mind, and he gazed upon that feee of vacancy that he so well remembered iiad once denmed with the liveliest .-1'intelligence, an.t, with tender commiseration, said— •'So it is indeed Yan, poor old Yan. .Would to G-ui I knew what injury that devil has inflicted upon y-.m, for that it is his devilish work I feel assured.'' ' "No doubt of it," concurred Northage, " and now. with your leuve, we will depart. I will, call upon you betimes in the morning, and we will further '.investigate'' affairs; in the meanwhile, au revoir'\ •- " Good-bye, Northage, and I thank you earnestly for all that you have done." . .;. . . •. " Damme, man, I'm getting paid for it, ain't 1 ? " . " Certainly, but 1 thank you all the same. I cmce : thought that 1 could unravel this cursed mystery myself, and even went so.far as to", adviseMr. ; Sinclair''to'-iemuve you and your invaluable co-'wbrjeer ifroin - tlic cass. -X -n.ru very glad now that he did not take my advice." " livcy man to his trade, you know." ,V; " Yes, yes ; so 1 shall expect to see you in the mornins?, Northage, so good-bye for the present; good-byes Black-, shaw, and s if you have any respect whatever for votn wearing apparel, be careful of the paint upon the door, i! has been painted but.to-day. as has every door and window -iii the establishment, and, as you may perceive, is quite 7uet.' " Thank you for the warning ;; and once again, au revoir" and they departed, leaving Tom and Yan together. ..- And then did Tom clasp the emaciated- hands of the poor idiot he had once called ' mate,' and i deem it no shame to his manhood when I state that he'wept like a girl, as he gazed upon the vacant countenance,that had once beamed with good nature and knowledge of things. " Yan, Yan," he cried, " don't you know me ? ' then, violently casting aside the falseivig and beard that ^liuparted to him the character of Waldial Mot lie con-' " jhrokenly— ttiat murderer done to you ?-whk a^.tuljiijury'has lie inflicted upon you ? spealc, and te^ me, Yan. pool Yan , suiel} \ou tome .Tiber Dick, dear old Dick; you i,i\si remember 0 k S'nc.ar? ' The Avietched cure fO'-e slowly to his feet, t/;e while his fa„e assumed a brighter, a better looV, as he ;moved fais^iead .to^ perplexity. "Yah,* He murmured hoarsefy, choking with, the unaccustomed effoit of speech, " Yah, Dee—Ugh 1 " and again he was the poor, drivelling thing, and again he <o\\\ered, in ab'cct fear,from ax> imaginary terror; the while he hu.n his face with, his liands^ and gazed with frightened eyes into the pitying countenance of his dearest friend on earth, , " Yan, Yan, do not look at me,like that 5 speak, tell me, you cannot foiget Dick—Diclj Sinclair' " Once again Reason hovered j hesitatingly over her shattered throne, as though she \yould fain seat heiself thereon, and once again that look, like -unto a Hash of light gleaming but for a moment through lhe blackest of daikness, illuminated the pcpy-'distoited features; and then he spoke—or rather moaned—the while he • pressed Solirhands to liis "bnovTas j&olagli-Sn; 'awful -pain were " Yah ther' 1 dot—-TOS—so, — Seenclair {" ? YahYan ? YanJ^' " then he slowly shook liisjliead, der vos vonce~a "Yan" ^ but—but— " and then^that a\vfuL4ook of jnadness^and ° horror x once again gathered upon his countenance,^and ^ sinking-apon^ a chair J m a hudQled, frightened heapj'te - ', covered ins'lace"with his tremblipg hands. " Oh, my, God," cried-Tom, in,"acute --"disappozntmer " this /Is terrible I ^anV^old «friend,rone t7 moie leffort think, hinkj 'thrafi.- thinly fell ,me,^Yan r ,ypu 1 t,"remem - - ber^Bel you name lameSvatinik-p^qp like seeing 1 ! t-ino-ffirp me to t n nim;>£5K?vf S^flir^Tft u s j >km • r iloo • " There, tlisre, Yah, that's-;lll right;.; I will hot let him harm ••.on «gaiii ;.;tl ere,, stand .uj^; Yan, -.'inU : listen to rue. D d I'3en- raft kii'i-.Baxter ? : . Yan. as, you ;lcive^ mc, Y n, apv-ver iiie .v.did Be icraft -M . : .'jWut it w.-.s .uscl?> s now, for agairi; had the : p'oor-. v. ; retcli : sunk-to the'' rloo!", a /nVoaniiig^drivelling object ;;for the iilic learfnl daikiicss' of ' his hi'.-!.ii), and had -stricken ' . No, no." :spdke -Tom, sadly. I- can •dp nothing, nothing ! oh Heaven/.where' is fliy.jiisti:;e ? for here : is"-a man who kno\%s the-truth, who can. by a word release the suffering- .innocent, and bring the ..guilty to. the justice he so'richly deserves ; and .'yet;rthdugh liviiig, he is even, dead ; yes, a .living ddath.; oh, j,;:*;= cruel—cruel." and he sank into a seat and cried aloud ill''his^viexation ^^-^iij^^s^-^v^7 •'But as suie as there's a God in Heaven,"' he con- : tinued, springing to his feet, "1 swear to be revenged. upon the human devil who has caused so mucli sorrow and grief. Ha ' who is that?" A knock at the door; hastily...donning his. "disguise, Tom opened it, and confronted a telegraph messenger " A telegram for you, sir." Thank you." ^ • He closed the' door, tore -open the, envelope, and read— " Come to hotel at once, alone ; veiy urgent. HUGH LEVERETT." He hurriedly donned coat and-, hat, and then gazed with great perplexity upon his charge^ who had dropped into a light sleep^ : : ^ V r i j : - ; . ''.'^" V.""' • ' • How ean leave hivn,alone :? yet. it is impossible 1 to take him:with me.; what-: can I do ? " and he paused in indecision and perplexity. " I must leave him, -there is no hplp for it," he continued, " I will lock the door secureiy^and 'ivi&jeturn; as quickly as possible." " ' 1 '"* _< He did so, after makmgpoor Yan comfortable without awaking: him, and-.then, left- the: iiotekand 1 ihurr-ied ^east-' \- wards in the: .direction of the " Happy Home.'' Kc-r.ohing it, he found his friend Leverett, the pseudo ' Corcoran, Professor of Anatomy, in the a^t.of locking his door, preparatory to leaving the. hotei. _ . . Good evening, Mr. Leverett." Good evening. Mr. Laidiaw ; I did not anticipate a' visit.from you to-night, though you are none the Jess welcome for that fact." "... -••'•ft- Y—you did hot expect me?" stammered Tom, in amazement. . . . No*". -,'- ' .'?;'-.'•:M " But you forwarded me a telegram/' "There is evidently a mi§understanding somewhere I sent you no telegram.". '' ' Do you mean this ? " . " I do, most positively." - . " Heavens, what can it all mean, then ? " " Can you show nae the telegram," Mr. Laidlaw ? " ., Tom did so, and Leverett continued— , , " It is only loo plain that you have been- duped by someone." . • ; .'-r-:; ' I • " I niust return quickly, and at once; can you spare the time to accompany me?" ; " With pleasure j I had ether business, but that can •wait." { '•'•;•: ;:':.,•:>.'..';'V They set off at a smart pace, whilst Tom communicated to his companion an outline of the events that had occurred since last they met. ' i . . , . . Presently they arrived at the hotel, and climbed the staircase to Tom's apartments. They reached the door, at which Tom started bacic in^ the greatest amazement, and with a cry very like despair. - J. V": . - . " What is wrong?" questioned his companion. . . •"J^Ivleft this doorI6cke4'^ mg to tlie door, which vsras swinging wide openj showing: the whole interior of the rooni. • J- ] " Ah ! then, there is sometliingmost decidedly |wrong. here," answered Leverett, advancing. 'J As he spoke Tom rushed into the room, and gazed quickly around and at the spot where he had left the German, but the room was empty, Poor Tom sank despairingly upon a chair and gazed around 'in-'-.'blauk^dis'ifia^ exciicriiy to his feet, rushed through the door, past his biiwildurcd- companion, down, ilxe bcoad. staircase to the hall below, where he questioned Lp'orter^'.^'fi'^'i^^Mts'-* eagerly, but one and ali avowed that, to their respective knowledge. 110 one answering the description Tom gave them of the German, had passed either up or down the , staircase. He rushed headlong into the street:. it was by this time growing late, and the broad thoroughfare was comparatively deserted. Far down the'street, in/one" of the numerous .brilliantly-lighted gin-palaces, a drunk was roaring out, in stentorian, • bacchanalian tones, the soul-inspiring strains of " 'E dunno where 'e are ;" across tht; -way a wheezy, asthmatical piano was shne"king and gasping out its death agony to the tune of Ben Bolt"— at this time, in conjunction :With^ the artless M Trilby,' the rage of Melbourne—to the extreme mental detriment of any unfortunate person or persons who chanced to be 111 its near vicinity, but he of whom he. was 111 search he • could perceive no trace, and: he returned .to his room, \- utterly dispirited and-dejected. He there found his friend, whom we will continue to call by his legitimate cognomen, Leverett, making a careful examination of the room and its contents At sight of Tom's despairing face he .stepped forward and with deep,.solicitude, said-r- "You will pardon me,'. Mr. Laidiaw, for thus unceremoniously investigating your, belongings, but, as you must know, I am as anxious as yourself to ptobe this mystery." ; " Do not mention excuses, I pray," answered Tom, pacing the room. " You saw nothing ? " " Nothmg." "That is unfortunate ; as for here, thrre is. absolutely nothing, as far as I can see, to furnish us with the slightest clue," and leaving the room, he gazed up and down the passage. "I am really the most ;unfortunate ofmortals,"so;iloquised Tom. " I cannoi " "My God I" Hurrying into the passage to discover tne reason of this exclamabon, he fonna Leverett, with wh]te face and staring eyes, pointing with trembling : finger towards the newly painted door. ' 5 "What is wrong? what do you see? speak, Mr. Leverett, I can " : ^"-See, .see,'' ihe-eried, excitedly^ - and'Tom looked, but could perceive nothing ' " Do you not see it ? " continued Level elt, impatiently, "the paint—the mark—my God itdsJie ^dm-steppe^d'/prwardi aud= lodred iloserfand joBsej.ved it Leuretl's exciteo liimnLi " Yes, yes Tkhow, 'buftlook closer/fnze aL" it carefully r lat do -you^see'" " ""J -Tom did as directed, then stalled baclc~to the very/ wall it) horror aud amazement," foi llieie, jn the cenlrepof' the impression,'w"hich iwas clearly' dehnerfted iippn tlie^ fresh, paint, appeared' a- distinct and; iunniisiakeibl^ma^ and it was m the fotm "and~shape of aWmemlai tnanglc. And now let us take a glance _al our'esteemed fnend the Professor it being thejnglit subsequent to t'le e^ dent abduction of the Geiman. As you afe by this time doul3t less aware, the Professor was nothing if not a thoroughly "domestic mail) bht ,since-the i :desperat^ beloved Lucifer and the orice-Jerry Snorkles, there had been a great and guevous,'change",of demeahoiir,rfor, to" Lucifer's exlieme surprise and ihrm, th ic 'was carce a night 111 the whole week but "his "'masi'Lr'^dfidr not quit the,!: slielteiing roof of Mysteiy "House, ^aii'd take tram into the! ^ 11JJ U 1 J. ^ L \ p 1 ft tuAecl, an^,_det«nnned^torsol\V l -i^5myltc y, he que tioned his illuttiious;nnsltr is'to )us^jra?eCiu5 a i and_,mo* t novel behaviour, iFwhich ne^reat maiT^phcerWii^ hand upjpose] tiS'^ hoaLse whisper, that would asst-'edl) have brought him his fortune hpbn : tlie dramatic, sta^/he /hissed ;V^tlv ; -a, gr^^ • hiss the one woid—"R—t—icvenge" A'ic -,.th that •was perfoLce to be Content As to the peculiar and uncommon industry the P10- fessor was devoting his energies to. it bid 'fair y o prove a gieat ?nd mighty success. As he had'oft foiefo'd, men of the ro'innCH 1 il woild had lino id Mystery House with their picsence, had mleuiewed the haid- wo'uns; spiders, had seen the wonderful product from their ugly bodies, and. had^straightwaytpropliesicd'saFgreat'-.and'.&nUiantrfu-aiTe;£. for the Tiofcssnr and his silk ; and il ceitawly appeared as though their prognostications, and the Piotesior's own (omicr extravagant piophenes,^\eic to be reih ed in all their glory, for he bid fair to become a man of position and wealth But theie was one point his mind appealed to be made Tip -on, a>>d upon which he remaifvid firm, despite all . entreaties .ind pleadingsi and- that 'wasi i-egaTding the inspection ot his-'/Ilotchcpfs^' Th4v hid oie and all begged of Vm to accoia them the prmu^je of viev-mg the nite;»or of that iion-d^-red ar^ niacli-K^r^.-G but all m varn, for tl*" I'rofcssur ptfiiisly bni tJef'Sively refusrc? ihem all and tfcby were ft»ced to depmt dissatisfied, albeit inwardly mat veiling and calculating lhe apparent sue and lung power of the cats tiui Professoi kept behind those closed doors, to judge by the* prodigious clamoui they continually made; and what a fearfulpkgiieofmicetherereallyiriiist'have^beenatMystery House, to require such a noiiibei of cats , , And then upon the evemng above-named, the Professor . received a letter, which, on opening, 1,e found to contain a most mysterious messagej that read las follows— ''Have heard of your excellent rhanageiBeit; could you make room for "one"? I will be ai your house to Bight at tigJi^p'clock^liaTiV" _ „ ^ | \- 1 It was""bnef; lOw-as misignet; -^tnd, tb^Ae^uiTinuiated, it was utteily meaningless, ye¥,-strange'to ieta& it pit the great mar. into a most excellent humour, and he cbd -not visit the city that nightY-matea^ Lucifer in the arduous and. manifold duties connected with the estriblishnveiu, .which-dutieSj.by the way, since the growth .ofVthe; Professor's roving propensities,, had fallen, to a.great extent, to l^iicifer's iot. . . ; . ; So. after, they had somewhat appeased the gastronomic . cravings of the busy spiders, had effected the same for those mysterious but oxcellent sentinels, Ala, Buceb ; ; nd Catteras, and had catcred to the requirements and wellbeing of tiiose noisy occupants of the " Hatcheries," they awaited then coi respondent's coining. He came at the appointed tunc, and with him a great \- burden" that taxed the po'.vei-s :of himself and the • stalwart driver of the cab to carry; certain'bubiness wastransacled, to the satisfaction of both parties-.; a little light and harmless refreshment was indulged: in -; certain coin : of.thc realm changed hands, to the benefit and extreme delccla . tion of the sordid ; Professor^ and ; then the unsigned correspondent departed in the same manner as he had come, namely,m a cab, which-, as hasibefore been .stated, was the customary manner the Professor's visitors did come; but, strange to relate, he had- left the large bundle behind with the Pi ofeswr. And the darkness of another night fell, and silence reigned over the House of Mystery. (To be Continued). 