Bussia's Progress- IMMENSE STRIDES IN INDUS TRY AND COMMERCE. Given ten years of peace, Russia which possesses immense potentialitiei in her unwieldly but powerful form, will, it is safe to say (writes an Odessa correspondent) have made immense progress in the industrial arts and in commerce. In tenyears Russia will be almost a lost market to the British manufacturer. Even now many industries cann A ba touched by foreign competition. Agricultural implements are now made in the sooth of Russia by local firms, who find they can manufacture the articles required by agriculturists equally as well as the English make, and at a much lower price ; so that the impart of English manufactured goods is diminishing rapidly and growing less every year. A few years, ago England had monopoly in the supply of iron and steel to Russia, but now, with the duty on it at £7 10s per ton, it has not the ghost of a chance against the Russian article, costing from JE8 per ton delivered. It is the same with other goods. Where England once enjoyed a preeminent position, defying all competition, she now cannot get a look iu Thorntons and other Russian cloth manufacturers now supply tweedings, es, and pure woollen garments at price? wh'ch utterly shut out their old English competitors. 'English cloth', has indeed become almost an obsolete term in tbe vernacular of the stopman. Wherever -one looks, one sees new Russian factories springing up and monopolising the home trade. The foreign element, of course, is largely predominant among the owners of these new industries. All these factories, however, employ Russian labor. vThey are bound to do this by law. A small percentage, not exceeding 5 per cent, of skilled foreign workmen are allowed to teach the Russian in his novitiate, but as they usually draw big salaries the masters get rid of them ss socn as ever the native workman is able to do his work without super vision. Five or ten years ago Russia's exports, excluding raw materials, were almost nil. Mow they comprise sugKr, spirits, and wiues, Siberian planished steel, cabinet furniture male in old Russian style, wicker-work, Russian merchants are also imitating western business methods with remarkable results. At Sofia, Belgrade, and Bucharest, representative exhibitions of Russian articles of commerce were recently opened, and special resident agents appointed by the Russian Government have been attached to the various consulates to cultivate and facilitate business relations between Russia and her neighbors. This venture has been quite successful in increasing her trade with these countries. Steamers running from Black Sea ports to different ports in the Balkan Peninsula are unable to grapple with this large increase in cargo. Many of our eastern markets are falling wholly into Russian hands. Persia now buys nearly all 'her textile fabrics at Nijni Novgorod . and other/ Yarmarkevg,' while, when we go further east, we find tbat Japan and China are dealing largely in Russian commodities^ including petroleum, lubri 7 eating oils, leather goods, &c.; The Lodz spinning mills are now, using almost exclusively Buchara cotton, to the detriment of Egyptian, which formerly ruled this market. At all points the British manufacturer finds himself confronted by tbe iucontestible fact that Russia as a mart for his goods is gradually but surely gliding out of his grasp." In a decade Russia will not only be able to make everything she - requires herself at home, but will he a formidable commercial rival in the many markets of the world, where we have hitherto! held unquestioned sway. Befnse all other bran insist on GLOBE BRAND KAHDT KOOLA TEA, is kept br all groceri > t * Finest Imported German Lager Beer, lis per doz delivered; 40,000 doz to clear this season. International Trading and Finance Go. KANDY KoOLA TEA. Preston & Co., agents. Randy Koola Tea,"[of excellent flavorand strengt A SORE EVE 1 1 — MORRIS'S IM- PERIAL EYE OINTMENT is the only Reliable Remedy, and should be found in every home. Oyer 50 years in use. Get the genuine. In pots, 2s each,* 