Family Ghosts ? ^ — » ? ' WHITE LADY OF THE HOUSE OF HAPSBURG.' AND OTHER WEIRD VISITANTS. Numerous people are prepared to testify that on April 24 of the present year a soldier on sentry duty at the Castle of Sclionbrunn informed his commandant that he had seen the form of a female-clad in white and carrying a. light approaching him 'in the corridor^ He at once challenged her, whereupon; the figure turned round and entered a' chapel, where the strictest search failed : to discover any trace of the. ftmale. At once tongues in the castle were set wagging, and it was freely alleged that' the sentinel had seen the 'White Lady of the House of.Hapsburg,' whose r:ppari tion is held to be a sure presage of death.to one of iss promiiu-nt m-mbers. A few months before the tragic death of the Archduke Rudolf this ghastly spectre was undoubtedly seen by several responsible persons, .and now that the apparition ;has been closely followed by the culminating tragedy of Geneva, much speculation will be indulged in by the superstitious as to whether the spectre is merely a figment ot. a nervous : brain or a bona-fide messenger of. death and disaster. . Napoleon was haunted by .a spirit; known as -the ' little red mam' He' was invariably seen a short time before some great disaster befel the Emperor. He appeared first of all at the Tuileries on.the day that Napoleon resolved to invade Russia, and the first being the Polish Lancers, who formed the advance guard of the Grand Arrr.ee, saw when. they entered Moscow was a little ruah: dressed all in red, tfho laughed exult-: ingly as they .-ipproached him and then disappeared. He was seen again the night before the battle of Leipsic, and the soldiers of the Old Guard declared 'that just before they charged at Waterloo a little man dresseddn red, who was certainly not an -English soldier, was seen for a moment; and then lost to view in the smoke. It is said that he was again seen at the Tuileries the night Napoleon died at St. Helena. On the evening of April 16, 1746, George .11. was walking on the balcony of Windsor Cattle, along with several courtiers, when suddenly the monarch drew their attention to a singular spec tacle in the clouds. The figure of an armed Highlander was distinctly seen fighting with a British Grenadier. Several times the ?Grenadier appeared to be getting the. worst of (lie encounter ; but finallj the Highlander was beaten to his knees, ;his claymore was broken, his dirk fell from his hands, and the Grenadier finally completed his victory by stamp ing on the body and waving his hands in token of victory. Eventually these singular-clouds faded from the sky. ?'?Thank God !'' ihe King exclaimed ; ' my kingdom is saved.*' A fortnight afterwards an officer .arrived bearing despatches from the Duke of Cumberland announcing that the Highlanders under the young Pre tender had 'been completely rouied at Culloden on April 16, the date fth.. ?cloud battle was witnessed by the English King ! For several hundred years it has been affirmed that prior to the death of an Earl of Seafield there is a violent storm, and a fir-tree, which is the crest of the Grants, is invariably uprooted and cast to the ground with its head lying in the direction of the Seafields' residence. Whenever one ot the family of the MacNiels of Barra is about to die an armed Highlander is seen marching solemnly before the house in the moon light. ' . After all, the^e strange facts appear .to show us thrt.t there are ' more things iu heaven and earth than. are dreamt of in our philosophy.' 