HOW GHOSTS ARE MADE. A ©HAT WITH AN ITINERANT ILLUSIONIST. I MET Hie ghost-maker at a country fair. In a field set apart for the village*"feast'' wero roundabouts, shootinggalleries, oocoanut shies, and the many and wonderful things which make up a rustic saturnalia. Arranged in a semi-oircle were booths in which, for a few jience, the villagers were able to see the biggest woman on earth, the only living mermaid, the wonderful twinB, and a bewildering army of ghosts from the Kjiectre of nnnilcl's father to the phantom which haunted old Sorooge. I mounted the steps leading to the ghost show and saw a fat man sitting in the paybox smoking a pipe with meditative deliberation. There was nothing spectral or unoanny about him. He was a nappy, jolly, good tempered fellow, with a supreme contempt for tho spirits which be charmed from tho vasty deep. By his side was his buxom wife, a woman of massive figure, who, in the days of youth and boauty, had played Ophelia in half the barns of England. I wept to think how many times the pnor old lady had been drowned. " Well, how aro the ghosts to-day!" I shouted, as, with a Paul Pry movement, I pushed my hood through the Imlf-upened door. " Oh, they're having a rest just now," chuckled the old man, as ho removed his pipe from his inoutli and jiointcd with his linger to a seat. "The spirits have vanished—into smoke," and he put tho wellworn stein between Ills lips again, and puffed away with supreme content. "How long have you been raising ghosts f' I asked. " Oh, a great many years, I have been on the road nigh on thirty years, and I've been raising gliorte all that time. Ah, yes; I've got used to them by this time. They're only flesh and blood, like many a ghost would turn out to be if examined." " Yes, I daresay. But haven't your ghosts been taken for real spectres many a time V " Oh, yes, in the early days of ghost shows. You soe, the people knew nothing about it then. Now tliey understand how the illusion is produced. School Boards have nigh on ruined us. Boys and girh don't come to our show expecting to be frightened—they come to enjoy a scientific experiment. In the old days they came to the show with fear and trembling—ay,men and women too. They expected real [hosts, and they went away with f the mpression that they had seen them. Why, one night as the an pels hovored over 'The Collier's Dying Child,' a woman shrieked to them to save the boy." " Yes, that part of the illusion is very realistic. You have had many experiences of that kind, I suppose!" "No, not many. Ours is a very humdrum life. I remember playing Mephisto in an adaptation of ftiu>(, when one old fellow got so angry at the way 1 helped Faust to kill his friend that lie threw a heavy walking-Btick at my shadow. It struck the late-glass in front and splintered it. When F saw what bad hapjieued I threw the stage into darkness. The play was over for that night, you may be sure. " Ay 1 talking of Mephisto," the old fellow went on, his wrinkled face smiling with delight as he recalled the stories of his early days, " I had a curious advent ure once. I was playing Mephisl o in a country village about the size of this, and all the men and women for miles around came to see me. The ghost show was a wonderful attraction in those days, sir. The country people used to watch the play with breathless attention. Well, I had finished playing the part one night when a note came benind the scenes to say that Mr. Verulam, of The Hall, wished to see me. I told the boy to bring the gentleman round, and immediately afterwards a fine, welldressed man came to the corner of the booth in which I was disrobing. Catching sight of the .fiery-red robes with which I was usually dressed for the part, he said, excitedly: "' Stop I don't take them off. I want you to play Mephisto up at The Hall.' "'What?' I oried with an incredulous look, ' play Mephisto in a drawing room! Can't be done, sir I' "' No,no, I don't mean that,'he returned quickly; ' coine with me at once, and I'll give you a five pound note for your trouble.' " 1 AH right,' I said, and covered up my red robes with a big shawl. He had his carriage waiting outside, and we got into it and drove off in the direction of The Hall. " I was puzzled to know what he wanted me for, but my doubts were -quickly allayed. It seems that bis wife had lost a beautiful diamond bracelet, and suspicion had fallen upon one of the maids. The mistresB of the house had good grounds for her suspielons, although they weie not such as would warrant an arrest. The girl's boxes had been searched, and every nook and corner of her bedroom examined. Nothing, however, was found. Mr. Veru lam's wife persisted in thinking that the girl bad stolen the jewel, and hidden it until the matter had been forgotten. That night he ascertained that the girl bad gone to see FauM with her fellow servants, and he hit upon a lucky idea. He knew how superstitious the maid was—in fpot, all country girls were just then—and he resolved to take advantage of it. To do so he had invited me to The Hall to play the part of a ghostly detective. As soon as we reached The Hall he smuggled me through aside door into the library. There he disolosed his plans. He wanted me tp remain there in the dark until the maid arrived from the show. As soon as sho came in he would ring for her in the usual way, and request her to light the lamp in the library. As she did so Twos to make my appearance, cut off ber retreat, and, in my most sepulchral tones, question her about the missing jewel." " How did the expedient succeed t" I asked, much interested in the showman's recital. "Oh, capitally," and the old fellow diuckled again at the recollection of the incident. " The maid arrived about halfsn-bour later, having, of courae, to walk all the way to The Hall, and shortly afterwards I beard the incster give directions for the library lamp to be lighted. I stood in my red robes in a curtained-recess near the door, and, as soon as the lamp had been fully lit and the eirl was about to leave the room, I slowly emerged from my hidingplace and faced her. Well, you never heard such a scream, but luckily for me she didn't faint. She simply yelled and shut her eyes. Then, in a sepulchral tone, I demanded the jewel for which she had sold her soul. Of course, coming after a play like Faunl, in which jewels form an important patt, the effect was very strong. The girl Bhivered from head to foot, pointed to a large book on the third shelf of the library, and Bcreamed louder than ever. I advanced to the table on which the lamp stood, blew out tbo light, and disappeared in the darkness. " When the master of the house came np I indicated the book which the girl had pointed out, aud behind it we found the missing jewel. I got the five pound note he bad promised me and another in addition. Ay !" and the old man sighed as be leaned back, pensively, in his cnuir, V that was the best stroke of luck I ever had." " Well, now, for a little trade secret. How are these ghosts made? " " I can show you best in this way. See" —and heie he took up a little model of tho stage he had made iu his leisure hours, " here you see how the whole thing is done. In the front of a ghost show stage you will always see—if you look carefully—a large sh^et of glass. It is generally decorated at the edges and joiued on to the ordinary stage, so tbat it is difficult to see it. Also —if you look carefully—you will observe a wide gap between the actual stage and the audience. Tbat is the ' oven" in which ghosts are made." " You don't bake them, surely!" "No, but we roast th'uu pretty well. When I want a ghost to appear at a certain jKLrtoi the play, tii« original ot the ghoat lias down on the lower platform, snd a stror)g light is thrown upon him by means of gasjels ornn oxyhyrirogen lamp. In thnt position he throws his hands and feet about as required, but seldom walks - because hu cant When I want him to walk he is lulled along a trolley, and then, by moving 1lis (eot, the ghost is seen to be walking on tho stage." " Then, how does the gliost disappear I" "Oh, easily enough. The oven lights are turned down and the footlights are turned up at an equal rate. Then the figure disappears." " You make the ghosts sing occasionally. How is that managed ? " " Well, if you are near to the stage, you will perceive that the sound ooines from the ' oven,' and not from the stage. The men have losing on their backs." " But how do you make the little chsrubs Boat about." " Merely another optical illusion. _ The figures of the performers only are visible on the stage. All the apparatus necessary for their extraordinary attitude ia draped in black so that although it Is reflected on the stage, it is not visible to the people in tho show. That is the way we make the spirit's hand write, and bow we put heads on the stago without bodies. All the rest of the performor is carefully bidden with black olotli.— Million. 