The Storyteller, v THE BRA88-B0UND CHEST. CHAPTER 1L CConlinued). While the «ld woman was peaking, half to herself, Gladys had gathered up the velvet sown it her arms and vanished with it. " When Miss Fendall nised her eyes again, die started back with a suppressed cry of astonishment; there, under the portrate of Lady Irmcntrude, stood what seemed to be the living original. It was Gladys who, in the dress of her dead aocestresss, resemble her so stikingty that her two companions were almost? ; speechless with surprise. "Yon thought I was a ghost, Jfifrfc JS".-* " said Gladys, with a J checked by another apparition still more {strange in the doorway. A White haired woman, with wfld rest less eyes burning feverishly in her thin pale jface," came forward, with steps short aud tottering, like those of a youug child, to where the group stood looking wonderingly "at her. She wore a dark dress of coarse woolen stuff, .a worm red fla .i.el jacket trimmed with fur, and sb^libyartificial flouers stuck at. r ir.dom in her hair. " Why, Rachel, what made yen think of visiting us this evening' You have always avoided us before,' said Miss Fendaii, in'a-kindly voice to her crazy protigg. I saw my Lady Irmcntrude through the open door, and came in to ask if I should sit up lor her tonight," answered the strange figure, curtseying before Gladys, " Marvellous ! This is, I believe. the iirst time that fihe name of her young mistress has been uttered by- Rachel since she became insane T;ie sight of Gladys in that dressjha* awakened a faint spark of reason," Miss Fendall .said, ha|f. to htrsclf, her eyes wide with astonishment. " Your ladyship will not walk on the terrace with-Sir Herbert this evening—ha, ha ! " cried the crazy woman, in a quavering voice which she seemed unable ts cjntrole, looking Gladys keenly in the eyes. For heaven's sake' Glayd.s, encourage the woman 111 her delusion We may learn an inkling of the truth—for it rests with her, if. toith any one on cut th," whispered Miss Fendall, trembling with excite-aent. " Where is '.Sir Herbert ? " Rex asked huskily. " Who are you who try to ferret out my secrets ? " the woman asked angrily. " I will do you 110 harm, no matter what you tell me."' " I can tell nothing before her "— pointing to the imaginaty Lady Irmcntrude. Gladys, my dear child, lerve the room." Gladys, white and trembling, stole out of sight behind a portiere whence she could hear unseen. " Where is Sir Herbert ?" repeated Rex, cluching the back of the chair to stedy himself. " Yonder, in the well, under ±he siin dile. I saw Jjirn fall in, and every thing was dark to me, and to hini too. Ha, ha ! " , Miss Fendall started violently, and exchanger! glancesMvith Rex., . ^ " Go on—explain further. Where were you when yon saw him fall into the well ? " said the young man, nxiug ins eyes oa the crazy woyj in's " it was nignt; there was a little U.U'JU much uiatle light and shadow* oiu&ult;, My iacty had written a iioic to Sir rieiOeit. saying that she returned his love. She told nie ali ucr tnoughts, and what stie did 110: tell 1 read 011 the sly iu Uieir letter*. Aiy i.uly also iiad another lover ai Fend.nl wtiom she detested. Tuat night—"New Vear's, t.vc— a lie gave me two letters to deliver—<> U c to her heart's lover, telling that she belong ed to him ; the other a firm icfusai ot the suit ot the man who, against her will, had made love to her. There was r.o name mentioned in this last letter, and my lady did not seal tiie notes—she did Uoi think i wa* sharp enough to read them. 1 was in a rage wither Herbert that day, because I had heard him say something scoffing of the Je.vs, my people. To punish him, i Stt „, y lady's refusal intended for him. 1 meant to say the next day that i | i; d made a mistake and so right every c tyring. In the meantime he Would have* had his punish ment. Sir Herbert read thfe letter—die one refusing for another man—and - his face tfrew white and set He ran down the private stairway leading from his room, into "the .shrubbery. I called .after" him ; but he did not hear me. He started towards the lake swiftly and- blindly; I watching him* frightened. Suddenly he disappeared ; there wis no tree or rode to hide liim, and the moon shone clearly on the lawn. I knew what had happened ; but my tongue was dead. The railing had been taken away ftipm the old well—that dreadful well, so black and deep that they said the Evd One used it as a passage-way from below ! A stone cover had been make for the well; but it was set in place too late, to save Sir Herbert. Toe next morning, before the news had spread abroad, the workmen covered the '«ttme,- lyodd isn't it ? " Here the woman burst into a wild discordant peal of laughter, and then sank swooning upon the floor. For the witnesses of this sceen there'was.very little sleep that night, so intent were they upon what the next few days would bring forth. If old Rachel's story was : true—and during • her narration, she seemed quite sane—a brilliant 'fut ure lay be fore them—for Rex a recognition of his rights and the reolisiation or himself and Gladys of all their fondest hopes, and for Miss Fendall a tranquil old age, happy in joy of her i beloved ones. As quickly as possible Rex had the broken sun-dial removed which concealed the forgotten well. A man was lashed to a l<»ng rope to be drawn up. At last the workman's rough shock of hair was seen again at the mouth '^f the well, and he scrambled out as f glad to feel the grass beneath his feet ones more. '• There are bones down there, your houoar—Iiu=nan brinss, for I had the skull in my hand* There was no water, "and I picked up these bits bfthings lying in.the clay." Rex took from the man's work stained hands what seemed the tar nisjiek ciasp of a purse, and some shreds-of leather that might have been a poeketbook, to which a discoloured silver shield still hung. Rex examined- the b.t of silver, and then Involuntarily bared his.head. The crest of the Fcndalls, with the initials « H. F." beneath, was still plainly discernible ; aimost beyond a doubt iid stood over the grave of his longtost kinsman, strange resting-place though it was. Other relics going to prove the fate of Sir Herbert were found in the well, anid' the various ^courts of law admitted that last the nwstery was solved. The dust of the miss-j ing" Baronet was laud with his J ancestors in the old village church, the funeral procession being followed by the older peasantry, who had waited thirty years to show this last to their master's memory. During the following Jan-.iar- t he church was opened for a veiy different ceremony—the marriage of Sir Rex Fendall to Miss Gladys Luttrell. • " Only think, RexGladys would exclaim—" we have to thank the brass bound chest for all uur'bappinessl l always^ beliei'ed "there was - j magic in it, ah d I was not mistaken !' fTHE END.J 