A MINGLED YARN. I 'The web of our life is of a mingled yarn." | By Asmodeus: Overheard at -the bar : " The Official Receiver is worse than the — — " " I beg your pardon ?" "Never mind, ole chap. Find the missing word, and fill 'em lip again.' " I " What sort of a town is Skagway ?" was the query addressed to a returned Klondyker in San Francisco. " The worst I eversaw. It is nothing but a gathering I of thieves, skin, gamblers, and bunco- 1 steerers laying ' for the unfortunate 1 Yukoner." I . j Also re the Canadian mining regula tions. " When the clean-up comes there will be trouble. They will need about two policemen for every claim.. I believe their regulations will drive the miners out of the country if they are enforced." Reads like the sort of thing that is being said about our new regulations. How is it that in the early days of every mining ! country there is always trouble and dis content ? . . # Nero fiddled while Rome was burning. While the victims of the Maine disaster were being carried to their graves, the plutocrats of New York, with a Vander- hilf. nf. f.IiAiv JiAnr " held n. rftvfil while the nation mourned." The elite "400" of N.Y. Society attended "a- vegetable party " given by Abram S. Hewitt— " dar ing to disturb the hours . of the. nation's mourning with this insult to the dead " as an indignant Representative phrased it. The Nero Plutocracy- 1 . Another ghost story is being vouched for by a woman, "whose truthfulness and reliability are beyond dispute." " There isn't any such woman— or man. All men and women, are liars more or less, and the ghost-seeing variety always more. Its wonderful what an insatiable capacity some people, have for the absorption of the marvellous and miraculous. The slightest evidence, or semblance of evi dence, is sufficient to convince them of the truth .of a thing, provided that it is only absolutely incredible. If it is reasonably easy to believe, the same people would probably want the most substantial proof. The gentler sex! A woman in Hun- tary has been charged with having auged her step-daughter, baked her step-son, suffocated a third, and strangled n <£nii li-L A+ ViAll VtliaKnn/l'fl rtlll d AUUiUll UA livl IIUDDUUU O UUllUl Oil WUv I is certainly living up to.. and even a little exceeding, the license usually allowed to stepmothers. She displayed quite an unusual versatility in her methods of killing, too.; though it eaunot be said that her variety was of such a nature as not to be staled .by custom. Another gentle creature in Austria is also re ported to have poisoned a wife and family in order to secure the hand of a husband and father. She considered the wife and family to be obstacles in the way of making the man her ownest. own, and therefore she gave them the wholesale quietus. Then finding that the bereaved husband and father refused to listen to her tender suit she poisoned him, too. So the cablecrammer reports, anyway. The Gentler Sex j Eh? What? ' > There is an old saying that you have to go away from home if . you want to hear the latest newA about home doings. It is true that the information abroad is not always authentic, but it is often more or less sensational. A few Westralians will remember that a few monthsago Kanowna Was Triumphant (in flaring scare-heads) because of the aileged" discovery some where in the Feather district of a sickle- shaped lump of gold of colossal size. This monster was said to weigh SC. odd pounds ' " good troy weight." At least we supposed it to be weighed troy. Picking up a Canadian (Toronto) paper the' other day I came across the following par : — " A nugget of gold weighing: l,636oz. and valued at 32,500dol. has been f ound at Ka nowna, in West Australia." It seems as if the Canadians counted 16oz. to the pound of gold, or else the nugget has grown in pounds as news of it has been wafted from shore to shoie. Talking about that nugget, it gets more mysterious day by day. It seems to have been of a remarkably retiring dis position. I don't suppose there was ever such a lump of gold round at Kanowna, but it is quite possible that the Rev. Long believed in its existence. If he did, it would be interesting to know who deceived him, and how ana for what pur- Eose he was deceived. If he did not elievc that he actually saw a bona fide slug — if he merely told a more or less audacious tarradiddle— it would also be interesting to know what led up to the promulgation of his Rougemont-like fairy tale. I can imagine the rev. gent, being deceived, and I can imagine nim telling the story in order to cap somebody else's tall yarn. I can also imagine him being afraid to own up to the truth when some one took his fairy seriously, and gave it industrious and sensational circulation. ' lean imagine these things, but I've given up imagining that that nugget was ever anything but a figment of the imagina tion. It is like the three fisherman (ye gods) who were gravely alleged by a number of 'totherside journals to have found it on the shores of that magnificent expanse of water, Lake Gwynne. Per haps the whole yarn was a fisherman's tale. We know what they are capable of even under ordinary circs. What they would do after a spell of angling in Lake Gwynne we cannot know. People who would go a-fishing there would find, no more difficulty in imagining nuggets than in imagining a lake. However, the only definite conclusion one can arrive atm regiuu LU LUC wiiuw uueiucaa la luul tne gentleman who divulged the yarn to the public was exceedingly fortunate to be the wearer of sacerdotal raiment. The cloth won him consideration which he did not seem to properly appreciate, even inducing respect for his ridiculous refusal to - answer questions from Donellan's balcony. The calling of that mass meet ing in front of Donellan's when he had no definite information to give the people was a very serious aggravation of the original offence, which was probably a mere indiscretion of which anyone might have been guilty. | A physician is alleged to have dis covered that a man may go mad through consuming too ' many eggs. " There is no doubt that to eat too many of tliem produces a kind of nervous ex citement which may lead even to murder." I daresay there is some truth in this. I have known a man at election time get uncommonly mad just because he was offered too many eggs, though he wasn't even expected to eat them. . Then we often see a parallel effect shown .by a man who attempts to eat the ordinary Meat Ring steak. I don't mean a man who eats too much of it, because no ordinary man has time or inclination to eat too much or even enough of it. No hyena even, who had any other business to attend to, would attempt to masticate a sufficiency of the ordinary gold- fields steak while there was any tender and succulent scrap-iron about. Mining Johnnies are never done talking about the refractory nature of their ores, but I haven't seen anything so utterly condemnably refractory as the ordinary steak of goldficlds commerce. And yet a lot of loud-mouthed agitators are eternally growling ' because Alec. Forrest doesn't bring down the price so as to bring steak witnin the reach of the masses. 1 can't make it out. It seems to me that the masses don't know when \ they are well off. If ; the Meat Ring steak ever becomes ah.teveryday occu rence on these fields, I hfiye no doubt it will frequently produce ikind of nervous I excitement leading to murder, unless the I butcher always goes on his rounds in care I of a posse of police. I Says the South African of September 17 : — " The existence or even the mere creation of a Schreneir Ministry of the incompetents and the obliques seems absolutely unthinkable." Despite its un- thinkableness the Schreneir Ministry is there. "Never prophesy onless ye know." s I The same journal of the same date fur ther remarked "there is no longer any doubt . . . . of the speedy triumph of Mr Rhodes' cause and principles. In the meantime no rational being can refuse to see the apparent security of Sir Gor don Sprigg's maintenance of the office which he has patriotically resolved to re- j tain." - Since the time of publication of the above " Mr Rhodes' cause and prin ciples "have received the severest set: back ever administered to them. Sprigg has been driven from office by the Afri- 1 kander Bund, the irreconcilable foe of the Rhodesian policy. ' # # ' The foreign aud internal affairs of France -have been providing . food for much sensational wiring of late. The Fashoda business was a veritable god send to. the cablecrammer and wire-dis- | torter. It appears that no one was more anxious to leave that town than Marchand 1 himself, as his men were dying of hunger I and disease. Certainly the easiest way to I have settled the difficulty would have I been to allow Marchand and his followers to have been exterminated, . and then to have quietly stepped in and taken the town, which they had proved unable to permanently and effectively occupy I except with their skeletons. But the Sirdar was doubtless too humane to I follow that course. Then, of course, we have heard only one side of the case. We I never hear more. Marchand's men may. not have been starving, and may not have been in any danger of annihilation. The relations between Marchand and Kit chener seem to have been of the most friendly character, reflecting great credit upon both men. . They seem to have the common-sense which many of their home- keeping compatriots certainly do not display. 1 # I am going to become a subscriber to two Sydney papers shortly. I anticipate I getting three times more thrill out of the . investment than could be extracted from a ; couple of pitched battles of the Hispano- Yankee description.' The war between John Norton and Dick Meagher is going i 1 fn hfi flftrrifiH n t, rifle fiirr.lior -TnVm Norton is printing murderous articles in Truth (?) upon the character of Dick Meagher. Now Richard is going to imbrue his hands in journalistic gore. He is going to start a paper in opposition, to Norton's, and this scribe is looking for a sanguinary scene of inkslied. They will curse each other's forbears and de scendants, and all the collateral branches' to the remotest generation each way. When Meagher's lies are pitted against Norton's Truth and lies, there is bound to be some libel of a very high — smellf ul; in fact,— order flying about. I am willing to back for original cussedness the first I half-dozen issues of each paper succeed ing the birth of .Meagher's literary progeny against anything ever conceived in sm and" brought forth in iniquity, I # By the way, while on the subject of Norton and Meagher— some of the or dinary press reports of the little court scene between Meagher and Norton I showed the two logomachists in a toler ably revolting light, it being stated that the mud and filth-slinging exhibition was too much for the callous stomachs of even ordinary police court habitues. But Norton wasn t satisfied with this exposure of his unspeakable lingual depravity. Nothing would do him but the oppor tunity afforded him by his own paper of wallowing in his own filth. He elaborated every detail of the scene in which he played a disgraceful part, bringing into prominence the asinine nastinesses of his own verbal display. I The South Australian . Government has on the tapis a gigantic water supply scheme for Gawler and district. This scheme provides for the supply of a thousand millions of gallons per annum. Of this nine hundred million gallons will be available for irrigation at a cost of 3d per 1000 gallons, or £11,250 for the total irrigation supply. -The estimated cost of the works necessary is £225,000; so that the price, low as it. seems, looks as if it might pay interest and expenses of maintenance. .i The W.A. scheme is considerably a bigger one. Our little scheme proposes to supply five million gallons per day, or eighteen hundred and twenty-five million gallons per annum at a cost of of 3s 6d per 1000 gallons. If a market is found for the whole of it the annual income will amount to £219,375, or nearly 10 per cent upon an estimated capital outlay of £2,250,000. Roughly speaking, our scheme will cost ten times as much as the S.A. project, and will bring in twenty times as much revenue. I If we were to use five million gallons of water daily at an average price of 9s per hundred gallons, the current average for condensed , water, it. would cost us annually the nice little sum of "eight million two hundred and twelve thousand five hundred pounds (£8,2i2,500). I # Can any of you fellows tell me what the Kalgoorlie Miner's policy in regard to Separation really is ? ls.it Separation or as-we-are-ation 7 I can't find out that the Miner ever breathes a . word in favor of the movement or against it, yet in some I way it is considered to be the mouth piece and champion of the Amputation party. On this question the Miner is simply a phonograph. It conseientously reproduces everything tnat is s iid ror Amputation by our numerous press sur- I geons, but it heroically refrains from thrusting its own original opinions upon a suffering public. Doesn't want to " boah the deah public, don'tcherno," with its own views. Oh I It's a modest journal — a very modest jour nal — is tne Miner. It was its shrink ing modesty that induced ' it to quote a Separation article from the Port Augusta Despatch , and to describe' said. Despatch es " the leading provincial journal" of South Australia. . Port Augusta .is situated at the extreme " innard" end of that streak of water called Spencer Gulf. It contains about a thousand head of souls — male, female, and juvenile —and has one paper, which is the leading paper of Port Augusta. The town is mainly remarkable for the quan tity of its sand, the bigness of its pepper trees, and the constitutional or ac quired facility with which its inhabitants sleep a lot without much trouble. It is also blessed in the fact that it has a farm in the neighborhood devoted to the cul ture of ostriches. These ravening beasts of prey are said to sustain life by suction, #. e., sucking tlie' juice out of nails, hoop-iron, worn-out axes, and other things like that which are generally looked upon as " dry " hash by other of God's creatures. They are not too dry for the ostrich. But about four years ago considerable mortality occurred among the ostriches through an attempt to diet them on leaders from the De spatch. They couldn't stand that. They wanted something not " qnite " so dry. They wanted something a " leetle " more | juicy. 