Book Notice. FI ALONG THE ROAD TO CUE, OTHER YBUSES," by Andres ward (Geraldton Express). 'LKKOJI THE WA RECORD ] ATS" D Hay- To search for the ridiculous side of things, says George Sand, is to lay bare their weak and illogical side. Here is a book racy of the soil. If the soil be mostly sand, where it is not dust/the writer is not accountable for .that; but it is all the more to his credit to deal with it racily. What lie is accountable for is an interpretation by means of humour and persiflage—both genuinely spontaneous, and not a laboured line in all—of West Australia from its foundation to its summit. Where to find that everyone knows :— "F for the Forrests—Duke A. and King John." We, nevert!|eless, mark at least one omission. In the verses entitled '' The Age of Jarrah,'" for example, we are given, under the motto Timeo Dunaos et dotyi feventes, the lament of the time-honoured sandgroper on the invasion from the other side :— Swift to this scrub-clad strand, My helpless, hapk-ss land, A restless, bustling band From Eastward journeys.; Crowds neither slow cor small Flock in at Fortune's call, Doctors like hailstones fall, It rai:;s attorneys." A passing allusion to Luther's rain of Duke Georges might not seem in place. A shower like thai, nevertheless, .vonld appear comparable to anything. Pitchforks, at any rate, must be a joke to it. There the lament of our -sand-groping predecessor can be understood. But why has our poet no line to express the sorrow of the aboriginal at' the arrival of the white man ? Does he not know that a touch of nature makes the whole world kin ? Black and white afflicted similarly must shed a symaathetic tear. We have the colony here, however, under all its present aspects, quaintly described in tuneful verse. The pamphlet is principally devoted to humorous sketches. In a- comparatively few instances only does the poet, so to speak, exchange the banjo for the lyre. He does so, however, with an able touch. There are touches, too, in lighter strains that suggest the latent power. Here is a verse—the concluding one of a poem on Christmas—that fully reveals a higher talent :— " There's a Christmas more for the piled-up store Of the past with its strange linked chain. The night falls black on the dry red track That severs the scrub-clad plain, And the ghosts we raise from the d<trk dead days ^nk back in the dark again." We may hope from this and some others of equal force, to hear agaia a writer who, though it has pleased him to adapt his peu to less solemn themes, in which, nevertheless, he has attained af brilliant success, is capable also of more lasting and more valuable work. The little book is well printed and creditably turned out. 