TRYING A CHARM. ANVW YEAR'S STORY. CHAPTER I. ' ' .THE BQUIRE'S DAUGHTER. \- / l am not a Yorkshire woman, though I riexcl,? lovo the noble county, for the grcat«r , part of a happy and now long Ufa I have pnpsed in Yorkshire. My dear bu»biuid— Heaven preserve bim yet for many a year!— is Yoikshiie born. Ho boa a fine farm near Normuntou ; he brought me down a week after we were married, and, ex oept when up in London for a week or two, as I hare been lately, with my young friend here, I have lived on my husband's farm ever sinoo our marriage. 1 bava two daughters married, and they are settled down aear us; so that 1'peu keep an eye upon my dear littlo gratidclrililieu, What, you do not tbink 1 look old enough to be a grandmother ¥ Why, my daughter Mary's eldest girl is twelve years old, and 1 atn near filtr-sifc Oh, fie ! don't talk about her beauty to an old grandmother. When I was a girl, indeed ! But eveu then my good looks were not of much accouut wnon I stood beside my foster-sister— the squire's daughter. That biiugs me back to the story I am going to tell you. It is nothing about myself but the squire's daughter, There is nothing interesting in the story of my life. My husband and 1 have gone on in a steady, jog-trot munatr. We are neither high enough uor low euough for the troubles of poverty on one hand, or riohes on tbe other. 1 am not, as I have said, Yorkshire born, and though 1 love the county where I have been so huppy, yet there is a aouk in my heart yet for my birthplace, the Garden ot England— fair, sweet, frrlile Kent. My father, as well as my husband, was a farmer, and held his fnrm of Kquico Marsden. who naa a nne estate tu cue uciguuvuruuvu u> Foot's Cray. Miss Laura Marsden bad tbe misfortune to lose her mother the day she was born. As Mrs. Marsdeu bad meant to nurse her infant herself, there was no one to look to the little starving bby in the confusion which ensued upon the mother's death. My mother, who was nursing me at the time, was up at Cray Hall, as the squire's mansion was called. The poor lady, u bo was one of the kindest and meekest crea tures iu the world, was vary fond of my mother. Bhe bad been sent for when Mrs, Marsden was taken ill, aud was with her when she died ; aud unasked sho took the forlorn little baby tu her own bosom. The squire, when he sot a little over his first dreadful despair at the loss of bis lady, did not seem to tbink he could tbauk my mother enough for her care of bis little erpban girl. Ho said (hat Alico Muyfleld, his daughter's foilei- tisler, should always bo deur to him uexfc to bis own child, aad the good squire kept his word, for 1 was brought up with Miss Laura, and when I was married Squire Marsden gave me a dowry of two thousand pounds, and that wag after a great trouble bad befallen upon him— & trouble which was caused by the events 1 am about to tell you ef. The squire had never raarridd again, and certainly Miss Laura was a spoiled child, or would have beeu but for her sweet temper and loving heart. Taik of beauty ! well, if you bad seen Miss Laura at sixteen, you might have talked 1 1 was a well-looking girl enough royeelf then, but no more to compare to Miss Laura than a little Held daisy to a beautiful moss rose. Her hair was like sunbeams, woven into silken threads ; her eyes such a deep blue you might hare taken them for black, and her skiu was like nothing that I can think of oxcopt the May flower— the hawthorn— with its lioge of pink. She was as good as she wus beautiful, and as ClBVor us sue was guuu , uor uuiei auib, m rather misfortune, was that he wan very ro mantic, and to gratify her spirit of romance sho would bo bold aud daring to a degroe that whs surprising:!!! one whose oustomaiy mood was bo gentle. You may be sure she had govornesses' nnd masters of all kinds, but the governess who lived with her und bad charge of her was a German lady. Sho bad bean many years in Kugtaud,. aud oould speak English very well, but qbe was eaten up with the wild romance and BuperstitioDB of her owr. country ; and though I ' used myself to enjoy tho wild legends she would tell us when our studies were over, of apparitions, und omens, and raountaio spirits, and water spiiita, and wild huntsmen, and dop- pelgangors, whioh I understand were people's ghosts, wundoring about the world while they were yet alive, I do noo tbink it was right of her to tell such talcs to any girl, lei alone one so earnest about socii matters as Miss Laura. To bo sure I must say for poor Fraulein Knlkbrenr.er she was littlo more than a girl herself, not tbrceand- twenty, and she was brought away from Germany when quite n child because ber father's property bad all been destroyed by those herria French during tbe war. Well, you know, we English country folks have silly superstitions euuugb, and that young girls, whether iu town or country, will listen to fortune- tollers; and, native all, at certain seasons of the year try charms to ascertain who are to be their future husbands. How, 1 dare say you do not know that the grand periods for trying tbese charms are Mid- summer Eve, All- Hallow's Eve, and New Year's Eve. It was on New Year's Eve— to mo it dees not eeem like more than forty years ago— Miss Laura und I wore nearly nineteen, and we thought it high time that tho lover should make bis ap pearance—that is to say, the right one, for we had neither of us been without an offer. A well- to-do young man, a Doal pilot, wautod to have mn and Miss Laura. to her father's creat dis- appointment, had refused a baronet, one of the leadiug men of the county. We were not In love with either of those per- pons, so we would nob have thorn ; but for ail that we were a little Hdgetty, for u Miss in her teens '- fancies she will .. be an old maid at twenty We were to try all kinds of charms on New Year's -Eve, and Frauteiu, you may be sure, so fur from forbidding such silly tricks, was ready to.tnUe.ber share in them. Now, ,as for myself, I had no objection to tiyiug d question with cards, or dropping boil ing lead into cold water, or even eatiug an apple at midnight before a looking-glass ; but as for Buying a prayer baokwurds, or having a band in making dumb the cake, or sowing hompseed . iff the villago churchyard as the clock was strik ing twelve, I thought it no bettor than down right witchcraft,' and if I had not thought it wicked, 1 should have been loo greutacorvard to take any share in spoils of that sort. \- I well , remember it was a very heavy winter ; there had been a Blight fall of snow on Christ mas day, and then a bard frost set in. Miss Laurie's studies, of course, were over, hut Fraulien remaioed with her ns a friend and companion, and to keep up her prnctiso of talk ing French aud German, for it was the time of the war, aud there were none of your young ladies going to finish thoireduoatian on tho con tinent in those days. Poor Fraulein ! she wis an accomplished and sffcotionato oroaturo; she bad no fault save her belief in tbemorvellouo, but that proved a fatal one both for Miss Laura and herself. Well, there was to be a grand dinner party at Cray Hall, on New Yoat's Day. Tbe aqurie had gone' to London, >bere he was to sleep; and bring some of the gentlemen guests home with him on New Year's morula. Tbe housekeeper and all tho servants male | and female, were busy preparing for the grand, j party ; and Miss LlsettO, Misb Laura's French MliU, v»«a aha tup lahbr own room with a hoap of ribtao And laces and artificial flowers, gat ting rrndy &£iss Laura's flnory forthu ball whieh whs to follow the dinner. Now the dark spells, . whioh pure cowardice would have prevented me from meddling with, wore scoffed and laughed at by tho young Frenchwoman, who was the most light-hearted creature and tho most iccrcdulous of the super- hatuial that 1 ever knew — ludcsd, it would have done her no harm if on some points she bad be lieved a littlo more. But Mademoiselle Llsette had been brought up in tbe family of a French nobleman, who called himself a philosopher, and was a patron of that wicked villain Voltairo. Much good bis philosophy did bim— compelled him to ruu away from Paris taescspo the guil lotine. That, however, ir neither here uor there, ex cept that Lisette had picked up some very free notions, and hud so olten presumed to laugh be hind thoir backs at ber young lady and at Fraulein, what sho thought thoir superstition, that we wero all glad tbufc wo could shut our selves up In what hud been Miss Laura's school room, and try our New Year's. Eve sports, suouro from any intrusion of Mademoiselle, who we know uothing but a sense of ber own position would binder from laughing in our fuces. 1 cannot tellyouhow many absurd ceremonies wo went through; wo laughed ourselves at their non-success, for wo had no result cither of sight or sojad. Then we melted a quantity of lead, and pouted it boiling into a basin of cold water, \Vo could make aotbiog intelligible out of the shapeless mass which mine foil inlo, hut I turned rather aervous, and would participate iiitbogiimc no more, when I saw what weird, ghastly forms, like swords aud skeletons, aud tombstones, tbu tend assumed when dropped in the water by Mies Laura and Fraulein. They both laughed ut ine, hut 1 do not think taken by the melted lead. £u far, however, from shrinking back, frightened as 1 was they were tempted to further experiments, und producing a bag of hemp- oeud, they asked whether I would uut go with them to sow it in the churchyard, as tbe clock struck twelve. I rcfusod most positively, and even threatened to go aud get the key of the conservatory door through which they proposed to get out into the park, so that Miss Laura and I wero nearer a quarrel than ever we bad been in our lives ; finally, however, she pretended to yield to the common-same argument 1 urged, namely, the danger of encountering poachers, or Inking a severe cold. To tell the truth, these risks were not very great ; tho poschors wuie thoroughly afraid of Squire Marsden's camBkcopera. Thoro was a shortcut through the pule to a littlo gate, which was not a stone's throw irom the church yard. Tho ground was dry and as hard as iron with the frost, and as to taking cold, Miss Laura bad furs and manllcs enough to obviate ail ohnnce of that. Tbe form of this charm i3 for tho person who trios it to run round the churchyard, while the ciook is striking twelve, ropeatiog the follow ing distiob as sho sows tbe hemp-seed— This hemp-seed I sot, this hump-seed 1 sow, Aud I pray tbee, my true love, come after me and mow. The tradition is that the rasidou will then be pursued by tbo apparition of her future spouso, who will exhibit some token of his profession or way of life. I cannot toll you how glad I was that Miss Laura hud given up the projtot of attempting a ceremony which to my ideus was ho vory appalling. I really thought shq bad litid aside all thoughts of it, and she and I, and Fraulein were very merry overour dainty supper of roast partridges nud minoo-pies : and after we bad bid each other good night I went to bed very couueiueuiy aoouv eievca o diogk. My bedroom was in a wing of the Mntior House next to tbat whieh was occupied by Mademoiselle Lisctte. Miss Laura and Fraulein bnd chambers contiguous to cauh other in the tnqin body of tho building. Tho oonversatorj. with the door by which Mirs Laura bad pro posed to get out into tbe park, wus directly opposite to my window. Even in my girlhood 1 wan a light sleeper, and I had scarcely clssed my eyes when 1 was disturbed by the rattling of my window ss it shook in n stormy gale of wind which had risen somewhat suddenly. With, an impatient oxolsmation as to the care lessness of the housemaid who bad aoglected to shut tbo window close, 1 got out of bed, and drawing aside tbe blind that 1 might fasten tho hfwih iirinly, I was startled by the gleam ot a lamp in the conservatory ; tbe next moment (he door was oaatiously opened, aud two femalo figures, which I kucw to be those of Miss Laura and Fraulein, stole forth. They walked very fast, and took tbo way to the ohaichyord. Now, there really was no aotual danger to bo apprehended from this girlish frolic, and to this day I was unable to account for tbe emo tions of fright and horror with whioh 1 was seized, and which impelled me with all possible speed to re-assume tbe gnrments which 1 had so recently laid aside, and sally forth in pursuit of, Miss Laura and her companion. I wao, nevertheless, nervous at tho thought of crossing the paik alone, and for a moment 1 thought bf arousing the Freuch waitiugmsid to accompuny me, but I was uuwiUing that she should become acquainted with bor jouug lady's folly ; but to have something liviog with me, I caught up a favourite little spaniel that slept at the foot of the bed. Pretty Oarlo was on tbe alert in a moment, and would have roused the bouso with his little sharp bark, but I soothed hira in my arms, and skimming along tbe corridors aud passages, and through the conservatory, the key of which Miss Marsden had left ia tbejook, -I was out in the park in five minutes. It was a hitter frosty night— tbe stars gleamed like diamonds, and the moon sailed in the midst like a globo of burnished silver. Tbe wind, however had riacn to a perfeot hurricane, aud alternately roared and whistled aoauDg tbe branches of the tall elms and spreading beeches for which Cray Park was famous. Other sound I heurd not, nor witnessed anything more appalling than a poor hure which skimmod across my puth. I rau tho ben tpait of tho way to vUo church yard, and reaohod it just as tho ctoclc iu tho old ivy-hung tower gave note of twelvo. 1 was out of breath, and leaned for support against the churchyard gate whioh was standing open. Carlo, who was rather a pampered litt.'c dog, had run bimsc'f outof breath too, und sat pant- iug besido me, whilo 1 looked round the church yard for Miss Laura and Frauloia, who oould nut have been more than ten tniuutcs before I saw netbing of them, but I perceived two women robed in white approaoh the churchyard guto. \ Then the dog crouohed close to my feet, and placing his fore paws on the ground, threw back his head, and,", bayed the raoou " with a leng and melancholy howl, , . Tbe poor little animal trembled, too, as though in a paroxysm of terror. For my part, a strange fascination kept my eyes fixed on the approaohing figures of the two womuu, who seemed rather to glide along than walk. They passed through the open guto, They passed me in their way to the church porch, Ob Heaven ! their forms wero os those of Laura and the Fraulein; but so fixed, so pale, with auob a stouy glare in tho eyes whioh glauoed neither to the right uor to the left, but seemed tofstare etratglit forward.' Their gat- thents,too, were not thooe o i the hiring. Swathed' from head to foot, they seemed m a long, white robe, which, id the fierce ga'io that bowed tho tops of tho yew-trees, hung as stiff and rigid as though it bad been out in marble. The very extremity ot my terror, perhaps, prcsorved rao from -fainting, but I grew very sick, and, Staggering baolc, bent ray head down upon the gate, as. I remembered that supersti tion which maintains that those who stand iu a churchyard at Iwolve o'clock on New Year's Eve, shall behold the appuritious of all the parishioners who are to die duririg tbe ensuing year, pans under the ohurch- poroh. Little Carlo coulinued to howl lamentably, and nestled closer to me. I lust sight of tbe two figures under the poreh, and, juct at that mcracnt, the last stroke that told the fatal midnight hour, boomed out upon the gale. Tho echo of tbe Isit stroke was lost in tbe frantic shriek of a liviug woman in mortal fear, and Laura Marsden, in her customary attire, but with her hat blown off, and ber hair stream ing in the wind, oamu bouuding towards me from a distant corner of the cburobyard. I rushed to meet her, aud was thankful tn grasp her outstretched hands, for there was life and substance in them still. 14 Ob, dearest Alice !'' oiied Laura, clinging to mo with hysterical sobs, "What blrased obanoe has brought you here P How good of you to come ! You were right, Alice ; it is wicked, impious, to seek into the future. Such on awful tlgure, Alico— so terrible, so threaten ing, nud the klBH— that is burniug on ,roy fere- head still !" I endeavoured to soothe and compose tbe uutortun&to; young lady, and inquired where was ber companion P Lauru could not tell rao. 8he supposed that she was still in the churchyard. They had euttrcd it together, and commenced scattering the hempseed as tbe clock struck twelve. Then Laura suid she had heard footsteps, aud look- ing bebiod her, porceievd that she was followed by a tall mau, with a naked sword in his bund, and wearing a fierce and threateoiug anpuot. He overlook her, seemed to beud over bor, and impress a burniug kiss upon her forehead, and then vanished. No entreaties of mine could induce Laura ogain to enter Ibe churchyard, and though ex ceedingly angry with theFruuloin,but for whose encouragement Miss Msrsdeu would never have essayed thisild adveuture, I was fain to leave Lauia at the gate, and soaroh the churchyard for Mias Knlkbrenner, who she maintained must still be there. Little Carlo, who scorned to have overcome bis terror, bounded before me, and at tho loot of a tombstone we discovered the poor Fraulein in a swoon. Luckily I had a bottle of smelling- salts in my pooket, and sho was soon suffiuicat- by recovered to be sousihle f tbe necessity of roturnirig to tho Manor HoUeu with ull possible speed. We were eo fortunate as to regain the man sion without our absence having been dis covered, but Laura and theFraulein detuincdine so long talking over their midnight adventure, that tbo great clock of the Manor House struck .three boforo I regained my own chamber. Tbo next day, and indeed ever afterwards, Laura and ber friend were'ebary of referring to thoir experience iu tbe churchyard; but whilo still juder tho influence of suipriso and fear they were communicative enough. Laura per sisted iu her story of the duik ntrauger, and Fruulein,shudderiug, averred that she bad been pursued by the semblance of a grisly skeleton bearing a scythe— the fabled type of tbo grim horror Death ! 1 maintained silcnco as to tbo ghostly ap pearances which I bad seen glide under the oburoh-porcb. CHAVTER II. thr nawnxr »n»KKrrnAr. Whatever qualms of fancy or physical iadis- positiou either Fraulein or Miss Laura Folt oh tho murniug' after tbeir "Trying a Obarm ' bad produocd so unpleasant a result, they wero fain to conceal. . Mr. MBrsdon was a roystering couotry gentle man, and early on Now Year's Day bo came home bringing with him several gontlcmen guests from London. Among these was a distant relation of the squire, a colonel in tbe Army, who bad bctra sent home with dispatohos from Holland, wte'rrf tho DuIcq of York was then in coqprcrand of the army against thnFrenub,BonRparte having then just been mado First Consul. Colonel Melville was an elderly man, and a good deal of au invalid, for be bad never quite recovered from a severe wound ho had received iu tbe American War, and the hardships he bad' encountered with the ri at of our Army in Holl and, bad quite broken up bis constitution. Ho wSs accompanied by a Germau nobleman,, ono Baron Rosenthal, an officer in tbe Austrian service. The baron, as I coojccturod, must have been about Ave or six-acd-tbirty ; possibly he was older, for he was about the handsomest mnn I ever eaw in my life, und good looks, whotbur in man or woman, keep back age wonderfully. Colonel Melville professed the greatest friend ship and altaobmonttotho baron, who, be said, had savod bis life . in an adventure with some outlying scouts oF'the .French. The baron, having charge of papors for the Austrian ambassador, had accompanied Colonel Molville to Loudon, and wan included by Squire Marsden iu tho invltuliou tO'his cousin. It was a very gay party on Now Year's Day, both at the dinner and the ball which succeeded it. Tho Baron Rosenthal waa tbe hero of tbe occaslou. This was nob very surprising, for not only he wosso remarkably handsome, but he had the inont delightful manners. He spake English liko a native ; ho delighted the geatlo- meu at tbe dinner by his anecdote, his humour, and tbe praises he bestwed upon England and her constitutional Government : and charmed tbe ladies by his singing and danoiug and soft flatteries at the ball. To MIhr Laura, as tho daughter of tbe bouso, his attentions were priDoipally addressed. Hcigho ! poor Sir Thomas Leslie, the young baronot whom Miss Laura bad refused, was at this New Year's party. Poor follow I my heart ached for him us I saw bim standing in the shadow of a recess noting how delightedly Miss Laura hung upon every word of tho dark majestic foreigucr, who wan pouring the soft mellow tours ot bis voice into ber ears. I perceive! at ouce that whether it was his apparition thut had terrified Miss Laura in tho churchyard on New Year's Eve or not, that she hud met ber fute in this German baron ou New Year's Day. Ho was the very realisation of tho dark, im posing hpro of bur wild fauoy, Colcnel Mel ville said so much, too, of bis bravery aud gen eral high qualities, aud thou he was of such ?oblo birth I 'Tia truo he never protended— nor the colonel either— to be lich ; but such a romantic girl as Laura oared you mny be sure, very little about wealth. Besides that, Bbe was an heiress and had money enough for both. tir Thomas Lester had oono of thoso lino fan tastical quulitics. He was morely a well-built, goad-jookiug Eugisb country gentleman, with a florid complexion, bright bike eyes, a strong hand, aud a generous heart. I thick up to the New Year's party, Sir Thomas had still indulged a hope of winning Miss Laura. 1 am auro on that night he aban doned it. I was very sorry for him, and, seme- how, I was very, very eorry for Miss Laura too. I mistrusted tbiq foreienor, tliouqh Colonel Melville, whom wo know to be a good man, had ; spoken so highly of bim. I thought, too, of tho adrosibreB In the churcbysrdmy own, as. well, as Miss Laura's, and a cold shmldor crept ovor me. It was so strange that this German noble; mao, with whom I was certain that she bad at once fallen desperately in iove, should have appeared nt Cray Halt the very next day. I was pretty certain thatFrautein,(too;nhared ia my dislike of tho baron, for dislike him 1 did at first sight. Despite bis good looks and his' gallant manners, he did not fascinate me one bit; yet it flcemed odd to me that Fraulein ehould dislrikc him, for he was her own country-', man. and bad boen very polite when she was in troduced to him. But I noticed tbat she was not ooly cold in her manuer, and quite shunned him for the rest of the ovonisg, but that she turned as p&la; as death when ho first entered the room whore Miss Laura received her father and bis guests ou their arrival. The grey dawn of the sreond January bad brokcu beforo Miss Laura went to her bedruom, whither, as was usual with us I accurapanicd her. to have a bit uf a chat beforo going to bed mysoU, I did feet so curious to know whether this Barou Uossntbsi resembled the tiguro which Miss Laura fancied herself pursuod by iu the ohurobyurd, that 1 ventured point blauk to . ask ber the question. I oannob describo how tsgry she was. For the tirst time in ber life sho foil into a down right passion with me, aad commanded ine never to refer to such ridiculous superstition again, aud even went the length of saying that she and Fraulein had invented the whole story of what they saw to make game of me. aud that it was impertinent of ms to refor to such noo- fltjoso iu eonncotiun with ony gentleman a guest of ber father. I bore all this quietly from Miss Laura, but when Fruuleiit, whom t had found iu a swoon, had tho iropudcuco to say the same thing, I booamo very angry myeelf, and gave her, to use our coinmun phrase, 44 as good as she soot," and told ber that all the supersti tion of tbo afi&ir; originated with her ; that it wki a finiroil ntif.riiHi hn «kv f.hnf. nhn nnrt Mian Laura had mado up a story to fr'ghton me, for whether they had actually aeen utiy nppuritionft or only fancied that they did, they had becu thoroughly aud really frightened themselves. 1 did not forget the sight 1 had seen, and had much ado to keep from teiliug them of it. We parted tuat night ou such ill terms that I made an oxcuse tu go homo for a fow weeks to my father. CHAPTER, III. THE FAVOURED LOVER. Though 1 did not return to the hall as a resi dent till towards the eud of March, whea the bloak wiuter was giviug placo to the golden crocuses and pale snowdrops of an unusually genial and catly rpriug, I leuow well what had been passing iu my absenco. Tho dark baron bad made himself as great a favoutite with the squiro as with bis daughter, for he wus an adept in tlie field sports of whioh the squire was so fond. He was an unerring marksman ; tbe game bag always camo homo lull when he went out shouting ; he was as ardent a -foxbunter as aay geutleman in the county, and alter a loug unsuccessful ruu he would keep the dinner table in a roar, with humorous stories, drink as dcrp as Sir Toby Philbftttle,the hardest driukur for miles round , and yut he never was tho worst) for it, when ho loty; the rest of the company speechless under the tabic, and louuged into the drawing- room, to ring German ballads or waltz with Mies Laura. Faor Sir Tboraas Lester hud quite withdrawn bis pretensions, but, liko a generous EuglisU gentleman, as be was, he showed no mean spleen or jealousy, and joined the huntiug pnrtiss of tbo squire as usual. The end of it was thut six weeks after Cbiist- mas the Baron Rosenthal, with Laura's appro bation solicitod her band from her father. Now the old squire had, in the general 'way, no lovo for foreigner?, but the baion had so wou upon him, with his huuting and shootiug nod bis plcaaantotories over the table— he wus so differ ent ultogrther from what the squire usually termed a 44 finicking frog-eutlng Fienchmao," —that be actually, and. with' but littlo demuiy. consented to give him his daughter, only het made a proviso tbat tile barou should reside with his young wifo at Clay Hall, and by no means take her to Germany. Tlio baron very joyfully yielded to this stipulation ; bo would nut bavo buite so rejoiced hud he known tbat tho squire wrote by that day's post to bis relation, Colonel Melville, saying that Ibe barou bud appeared In the character of Laura's suitor, aud asking hiin, merely ss a matter of form, whether bo could. Bubstnuti&to; tbe baron's cburicter oml position by further evidence tbau his own poreonul iu tercourse with him, Colonel Melvillr, I should tell you, was lying very ill in London wbeu tho squire's luttcr reached him. One of his old wounds hud broken nut afrcsb, and tbe surgeons nod physi cians fearod for the reault. Ill a.) be was, however, the poo colonel man aged to dictate a letter to his kiusman by the 'hand of bis conlidentiul valet— an old soldier of "his regiment. In this letter the colonel im plored Mr. Marsden to hasten te London it bo ni»ted again to fco him alive, further staling that he had received most important informa tion highly detrimental to the oharactor of Baron Hoserthal, the particulars of which he could not communicate in a letter, Tbo pour 'colonel wus iguoraut that the foreigner whom ihe bad been so uuforl utiato as to iutroduce was again a visitor at Cray Hall, for be bad re turned to London with Colonel Molville, who Anally eujolnod bis kiimnuo, if be valued the happioess of bin duughter, immediately to dis miss tbe love-suit of tho dark foreigner. This Utter from Colouel Melville, whom he knew to be the very soul of honour, throw tbo squiro into a stuto of perturbation. Ho had nut, ef course, aooepted tbo Baron Rosenthal for bis future son-m-law, except on the underatood con- dition of bis proving a man of character aud honour, and so completely hud the squire been duped by tho baron, who was, in fnot, only a daring and courageoun adventurer, tbat he had eves apologised for touching 'on a subject upon which, as he said, it was an injustice towards Rosenthal to doubt. The baron, no bis part, had disposed of this allaflion with his customary graceful case. He bad himself no sunpicion that his rcul ohsraoter was kuown in London. The unexpected turn of tbe letter of Colonel Melville, however, and his request for au im mediate intt-tviow with bim, awakened all the squire's old prejudice respecting foreigners against, the baron. His feelings underwent a oomplute and sudden rcvulsiou. He could not endure lo leave Rosen thal at tho boll while ho mado tbin necessary visit to Colouel Melville, add be therefore in vited the Germau to accompany him, who did so without hesitation, and quite uucousciouR of the real purport of the journey. He remained at the hotel where Mr. Muraden uiuslly lived in town, while tho latter sot out for the lodgings of Oolontl blulville. Alas 1 the excellent rolnnel was dying when bis friend arrived. lie could but press his band, aud, liulf articulating, conjuro bim to bowaru of the baron, when ho expired. - It did not need more than the simple asser- vation of his kinsman to determine Mr. ' Mars- don, but for the rornmtto girl who was in fatuated by the fastmrations of tho specious Rosenthal, it would have buea well if Colonel Mclvillo had lived to reveal the whole truth. This truth was that Rosenthal, though he bad cunningly obtuiuud employment from the Austrian Government, was a French spy. His antecedents were of the worst description. Of good birth, and originutly of moderate for tune, he bad ruiued himself by an Insanu pas- ; slio'./'for r tReri, finder .»h aiidmid mime, be becatne lho Chief 6? A fcWfi of Ulu- dltti, who- for eorad; .yeArd raVagoj the Kiag- d6m of ; Baxony ; Add/ though tbe aibdhcious r&bbories; of these men were too often accom panied ;by, murder;, mnfrvbllous tales were nevertheless afloat of the courtesy, gemrosity, and manly beauty of tbeir leader. i.TLis wretched man, who waa uevnr known in England by any other narao tbaii Rosenthal, Appears indeed to bave been ono of those strango compounds of good and evil, who owe it to oircUmstandes wholber their career is that of a hero or, a villain. It was under the dominion of his better mood that- he had savod tbe life of Colonel Mciville from his own subordinates, when, after bavin wormed himself lalo the omiihicnco of the Austrian was acliog as a French spy. 1 think from afUr-evente, that this miser able being realty loved Laura Marsden with a sinuero and virtuous passion, and that oould he have mado ber bin wife and esoaped the dis covery ot his previously vile cnteer, bis future life might bavo been worthy of btr, and of his splrudid mental and pbysiosl endowments. This, however, was nut to bo. The English ss well as Austrian Governmont had received note of bis porsonal oharacttr, and wero secretly amassing evldcnoe against him ; this ; was the reason that Colonel- Melville in bis Utter' confined himself to goneraltlee. That letter and his fow dying words were, as 1 be fore said, enoiigh to determine Mr Muradon, who, ou his return to the hotel, told the baton in his abrupt English fusbioo that Colouel Molville was dttid, and had in his dyiag mn- .moats wholly withdrawn tbo ' guarantee of character which ho had formerly awhrdbd te Rosenthal, sud. tbat be, Mr. Murscleu, must consequently withdraw also hi) prpmile as to tho bustowai of bin daughter's batid. The baton inveighed bitterly ut thin. injus tice, as be catlrd ir, and lt proacled tho dead colonel with the blackest ingratitude ; but neither his entreaties ur ifcveelives availed to alio? tbo resolve of Mr. Morsden, who forbadci, bim ovir again to preseut himself at Cray Hall. Tho baron finally took refuge In an assump tion of pride, and sullenly acquiesced ia this decree. CHARTER IV. 'J HE CATASTROPHE. When, at tbe solicitation of tho squire, t re turuud to Cray Hail in tho spring, tho cheerful and happy littlo family circle which I had left at tho beginning of tbo year was sadly altered Laura was mi lancholy uod ill ; sho resented tho dismissal nt ber lever, and accused her father of orhelty and injustice in decidiog aO rigidly agtainst him on the vague aaseritonsof of a man whose brain she said was probably aoctcrl by the delusion of sickucss, under the influence of which the patient so frequently exhibits an aveisloh even to tboso whom be Las bsst loved when possessed of his faoUltios. The squire, however, was inexorable, and Laura nloptd and pined ; and though iCbe bad ex hibited no desiro for roy return to the hall, yet, learning that she was ill, I returned there at her father's eutro&ty; . Laura received me on my arrival with much appvannce of sffrctiou, and for a diy or two seemed to recover her usual spirits, then she relapsed into melancholy, and would sit silently gazing out into the pntk, or absorbed ia one of those abominable. German romances, of whioh she seethed to be fonder than over. The Fraulein, teo, was greatly altered, both in manners, and person, and from a plump, iosy, little German woman, had become as paid as a Spectre, and as tbla as loth. In spits of her love of the marvellous, I had known ber as exceedingly good- temptrud and full of frolic ; now she had become taciturn, arid wbuld sit for hours with her eyes never lifted from ber tapestry-work except perchance to glance at Laura with (in expression of envy and malice, of which I should have thought ber incapable. Sometimes, however, sho and Laura would talk tegnlher in Germau, and I, Who bad got a fltnutteriii of the Isnguoge— more, indeed, tbin they thought— 1 gleaned from their conversation that Fraulein bad not favoured Rosenthal's pretensions ; indeed, sho was so spiteful about bim that I fancied sho had perhaps been in love with him herself. Ono day, when I bad boon back at the hall about a fortnight, 1 surprised the two discussing the mot its of some proposterous German story, in whioh a beautiful young lady was woo to destruction by a demon who was in love with -her. und, to ofleotber seduotinn, bad assumed the form of a young and handsome man. I thought tbat Honda in tbe shape of young and hnndsomo roon lire not so uncommon, but not iu tho soDse of Frauloin, who maintained Urat this story, in which an evil Bpint waa actually embodied, and carried off the poor damsel to tbe regions of tormeut, might bo truo. I oould not forbear laughing at ber absurd fanoy, whereby the und Miss. Laura found I uodoratood more German than they .supposed I did ; and' very angry tboy were At tho.dtscavery. 1 should tell you that at this tune Bquite -Marsden was conlleed to bis room with a very severe attack of gout. Tbo dear old gentleman was unhappy abuut Iris-daughter, and I tbink. not very well pleused with FrauUin, though sho did rail ub Baron Rosenthal; but he said it was a great comfoitto him that! bud consented to oomo back, my sound, common seose, be was pleused to say, was a defence against bis peer Luura's romunce. ' It was, 1 tbink, a day er two after.tbe ab&uib; conversation about tbo deinoi-lovqr, that, going down rather later than usual to the breakf&Bt-; room, which opened from tbe (peat ball, 1 mat Miss Laura luber bonnet aud shawl coming in fiom the Park, with a gte&t; bunch or tprtng; liowcrs, primroses, suowdrops, and wild' hyacinths. 100 morning was vciy ucauvmu uuu warn for tho seisnn, and there was uothing, you may say, very surprising in the young lady going oat for a walk ; but it was not yet eight o'clock, and Mist Laura was not an early riso% ber raying in bed so lato had often provoked her father's displcosure. It was, therefore, odd, and unusual for ber to bo out so oarly , but that which most excited roy allentien was that she appeared ia a coudilion of delight and ex citement beyond ber power to control Her cheek was flushed, ber eyes sparkled, ber voice had regained its wonted tones of bilority. Shs laughed and chatted gaily tbo wbolo tlmo wo were at breakfast, and ber allored manner I plainly saw excited Fraulein s observation as well as inrae. for 1 caught ber again scrutiniz ing Lauru with a anakc-like glitter in her palo blue eyes. I could not but suspect thatLauru bad received soino news of bnr German lover» and for ber own sake, more even than that of ber good father, 1 deteunioed to watch their pro ceedings. After-dinner Lb\lrkcoml)lirieildlhheadScliO. and rotired lo her room under protonoe of lyog down ; nevertheless, when I stole into her dressing-room half an hour after, auftly, fsr feur of disturbing bor, I found her writing a letter. Bba looked up very angrily, and complained of my intrusion, for whioh I apologised and withdrew, taking with mo tho work which I bad left I here, I did not like playing tho spy dpon tho poor young lady, but apprehending the worst if she was in corrtspondonce with , that specious foreigner, I considered I waa only doing right to follow her when Ibiiw her steal out into the park, as she thought, unobserved, just in the dUBk of tbo evening. She walked vory quickly, and took that seeluded path whioh led towards the church- yard, hl6b ' she arid Fnulotu hai hreorid m Now Year! E vi, (Sho Was aione no#, 14 evidently vvishsd to toraain ao, for eneh or twioo she looked biok, and I hod touch sde. to avoid her toeing me, by keeping in the shade aad slipping behind the trunkt of the trees. You mutt know that overhanging the little gate ibat led from U>o park to trio'ohutahvatd, was s hollow oak, laid lo be many hundred years old. This troC M!m Laura approached, and I saw her place In a stxrall cavity of oue of trio branches the letter she had ttrittt'it.- £he glanced- around ber uTtfr she had, as she thongbt, effeetaotly cpncosled.tbs paper, and t Hon hurried back towards the bail with breath less speed. , I did not hesitate tn oxiralue the letter ; thero waa still light enough for rao to read It. It was, as I suspected, addressed to tho Barou Rosenthal, and contained tbu writer's prorolso to. abandon htr borne with him tbat night, 41 He was to wait for her at tbe hollow ouk, and have a post-chaise tit the jorner of the ohurohyard. The houso would be quiet by ten o'clock, for papa was ill. Fdor pspa I— but then, «be should leave a latter for him, and he would gut over bin anger by the timo they csmebackfrum Gtrtna. Her beloved Rosenthal might bo assured of ber faith ; no prejudice of papa or slhnder of Fraulein could shako ber love and tiriet 1!' \- Ob, poor infatuated LuUra ! Haw waa sbo to befcavcd? The tryet was for no later thai) ten d'oiook, and It Wa4 ho# lialf-paSt eight. Should 1 go baeic lo the hall F Should I tell the fequlro C Should I consult with Fr&ulriu; ? Should I let LftUra bofielf know that I wai ac- qulsnted with the step which sbo was abuut iu take— ruinous to herself, and so cruel to wards her good father ¥ If 1 fold tho Squire, alroady so daugfcrc.uily ill, tbo shook might kill him. 1 was not sum enough of Fraulcitt's own plans and feelings tu trust her, aod if 1 spoke tdrLoura she would merely Upbraid nie, and dtfer her elopement to ntitim'liiMSf.u It was ria use making the matter known ex cept to seme persop whoso years aud posltian Would Warrant that assumption of authority which the poor squiro, in consequence of bis ill ness, oeuld not assume Tie rector, Dr. Gilbert— be would be tbe mih who could host persuade the young ludy from Such a gross imprudence and violation ot her filial duty and awo tho adventurous lover, The rectory was at a corner of the church yard opposite to tbnt on which opened tbo park gates. 1 ran across und Inquired for Dr. Gil bert, but was told, to tny disappointment, that he bad goue with Lie lady, to dine at Sir Thomas Leslot's. It wan a good two miles, the nearest way, to the baronet's mansion, and then, for him, the fujfccttd lovor, to bocotne acquainted nith Laura's tolly ! " No matter, she mhst be Saved, aud if she is mortified, serve her right, for lefusiog a fiuo young Euglleh gentleman like 81r Thomas, to run away With a villainous foreigner." 1 really think I felt quite spiteful towards Laura when 1 made thoso reflections, aud walked and run by turns to Sir Thomas's houflf. Tbe weather, ns I mentioned, was unusually advanced for tbe season. The eveniug wus positively sultry. Tho sun — which had shone so brightly til day that the hedges were spread with & tbia veil of green With the bursting of tho buds— bad sunk beneath a vault of black clouds, that betokened a thundor-Morm. In toot, large drops of rain began to fall, aud the thunder to mutter at a distnuuo when I was (till half a mile distant flora Sir Thomas's koubo Thcstorm burst with terrific violence before I reached it. 1 had over my dress enly a tbla mantle, and a straw hat on my bead, and I was wet through when I arrived at Lester House. I was nbt a little frightened, too, by the iuuuucr hmu jiguiuiug. i nan, uunoiii, nun u little suiprlscd at finding two or three of tho borae patrol, «nd some balf-dozou dragoons, loitering in front of Sir Thomas Ltotct's man eion, the bali-dbnr of which was standing open, | hnd the baronet, talking eagerly with sopio soldiois and privAto 'gentlemen, among whom Was the rrotor. I ihink 1 startled them all whon I lashed in, with my garments stroamiug with rsia, and my looks. I daresay, wild enough. 41 Ob, heavens ! (he rash, unhappy girl !" exclaimed Sir Thomas, when 1 had told my errand ; 41 there will yet be time, I trust, to save her 1 Those aoldiers, Mi«s May field, have a warrant to seize tho villain Rosunthkl, who bi0 been sten within tbo last few days lurking in tho neighbourhood, and who Las been discovered to bo a bandit and a French spy !" The rector's lady and Sir Thomas's house keeper wonted me to stay with them while the geutlemcu went with the roldicrs to Cray Park, where it appeared they were certain to sui priso tbe delinquent Rosenthal ; but 1 thought of the coufusion and shame of my pcor, dear, foolish Miss Lsura, detected in eloping with this vile foreigner, and no friend of her own sex at hand to console her. Bo I insisted on geing biox to Cray Paik Oireoily, and Sir Thomas was so good as to drive me in acmc-horse chaise, What a rato wo did go at to bo sure ! and tho horse starting und reming at tho lightning. We reached the trysting-plsoe of poor Miss '<LaurA and her lover as roon ns the roldicrs. I scaicely waitod lor Sir Tborans to draw up at tho park goto, when I spraug from the chaise and ran along the avenue uf trees, at Ihe cud of which utroiohid the, as yet, almost bare blanches of the hollow oak, for you remember tho lesyra wore net out. It was very early in the spriug for a thunderstorm ; a thunderstorm thero was, however, and a voiy viulcat ono ; a bread sheet of blue flame quivered aorosi tho sky, aud made the upeu ground about the old oak as Uilght as aay. un i ine icirioio scene or wmcn 1 btoime a witotas by tbe bluo glare of tbe lightning ! How many loug years it is ago, but it seems as fresh as if ( had behold it ouly yes- tciday. The BLon Rosenthal, standing near tho old oak, Lis hat thrown off, nnd his faoo os beauti ful and as wicked as Luoifrr'e, for It was convulsed will) fury, as he gracpod tho throat of Fraulein Knlkbrenner with a cruel, murderous grasp. Thiro was another witness of that awful deed bcsidn myflilt'. The livid face of Miss Laura looked out white and ghovtly from a thicket oF laurels, and it wan her sbriik tbat startled tbo murder ous Rosenthal as it rung out wild and shrill, when he hurled tho senseless body of his vio'ira with savngo fury to the ground. He spurned, the body 6f Fraulein with bis toot, and, springing forwards, filded Miss Laura in his strong arms. 44 Thon art mine 1 mine beloved ! " be cxola'tned. Nor earth, nor hcavou, nor hell shall separate us ! " Miss Laura shrieked for deliverance from hor fearful lover, but she wis powerluis as an infant in bis giant grasp. The soldien came up now ; some on foot, some baring tethered tbeir horecs to tho paik railing, Blr Thomas was wlth'thera. They summoned Rosenthal to surrender, but grasping Laura, who now appesred insonsiblo, to hisbroast, ho boldly faced them, and drawing a pistol from his belt shot tbe sergeaub doid upon the spot, then, carrying Misa Laura, he dashed across the park in the direction of the ftouth Lodge, whioh was, bo know, untenanted, and where he, doubtless, thought ho might icale tbo park wall. Tbo soldiers, however, wrro furious at tho death of their sergeant, oud I knew ttan short outs and bye-ways of tho paik bolter than Baron Roaeutbnl, eo 1 run down a narrow avenuo of tall elme, followed by Sir, Thofcnas End the Soldiers, arid wn'iexched tho South Lodge about thceo minuleh before fhe.buon arrived there so .breathless aiid. "bXhaurted tbnt he was fain to place M lis Lsura on tho ground against tbe ,wnlt of the lodge while he loekod round, ptob- Lably to consider bis ohancfcs of escape. : The military had driers to take their prisoner allro if possible, but the fall of the sergeant bad | subverted these orders. The fear of injuring the lady bad alone restrained them from firing at tho baron in tho open park. Now be had released her from his arms, und from uuder tiovef of the cloee avenue half a dozen carbines were levelled by unerring marksmen at the msjesiic Agere of Rosenthal. Tho sharp crack of theflrt-arms mingled with (ho low muttcriog of the thunder ! The barou flung his arms wildly over his head, leaped from > tbe-groiind, and then fell dead, bis bread- cheat riddled with the ba'ls, one of . which had paaoed through bis heart ! ' Miss Laura wsfl still inafilfiible when we took her up. Wo thought at first tbat sho was dead. Tu life she was tor a time restored— to reason never ! A horrible feature io her Insanity woe tbat she fancied Rosenthal to have been one of tbe demon- lovers of German tomanco, and that hor incantations in the churchyard on New Yoar's Eve had called up a (lend to bo embodied tor her eternal ruin, iu a human shipo. Foot young lady 1 We oould soaroe wonder at. this horrid idea wbrn we remember that she witnessed bis strangling the Fraulelu. Tbu poor orcatutr, the Frauloin, was taken Up qiiite dead and from papers found in bor desk, and also upon the body ot Riseatbal, it Seemed that thy Imd bctu acquainted iu early, years— possibly tbat nbo was Lis wife ; that sbo hud <liscov< ruJbis appointment with Laura, had threatened to foil bis scbumcr, and that his foge aud disappointment bad prompted his attack upou hrr life. A limit, ilirtm motiflu nltnr t.hftftn fatnl AVflnts. my dear Miss Luura (lied poticufully in tny arms, recovering her senses in ber lust few moments. When Mmb Laura was laid in thefamily vault Of thn Maradons the grass was already green upon Fruulem's grave in' the coiner of tho Churchyard, so that you ace whether their apparitions wbioh I saw enter the church yard on New Yoar's Eve wero omoious of their fvto or not, they did both illu before tho year wis out. Kir Thomas Leslie i-tiU lives, I beliove, a bachelor lor Miss Liura's t'alsb Her poor father survived hor only two years, but 1 had brien aoino months inmricd ami he had given mo a haodsome dowry before he was released from a world which bad become very miierublo to him. 1 don't know whether tho ceietnonles which young girls puiforin to obloiu a vision of thoir future husbands oro more silly Buperatitioub or actual wickudnus?, but 1 do know that the melaucholy fate ef Miss Luiirn and Fraulein quite scared me from ever Trying a Charm. 