Jagglin and his Bank Holiday, Jagglinwas known in his City office as ' The Sheep.' It was a huge establishment, devoted to the management of an export business. Most of the clerical work wao done on the spacious ground floor, but a few of the departments were located in dim upper rooms and regions, where the ghosts of dead accountants seemed to walk. The manage ment was not very strict in those days, and so there were afternoons of royal hilarity in parts of the building. None of the tradi tions of staid, decorous City offices were respected. By some curious law of social gravitation, a host of rollicking Bohemian characters had drifted: there to try the refuge of clerical quill-driving, after warm ing and burning both hands before the fire of life in many quarters of the globe. One was a respectahle violinist, and , incredible though -it may seem, the notes of his fiddle might be heard full- often in the sleepy afternoons in the upper rooms, and even on the ground floor, when the heedless head clerk was either drinking over the way, or sleeping in any out-of-the-way corner. Yes, there were days of royal revelry in that queer refuge of sinners, the Koh-i-Noor Export Company, limited. Jagglin's business wa3 to help in checking the weekly returns from certain agents and collectors. Jagglin was unpopular, because he was conscientious and a grind. He kept to his desk and his pen the live-long day. He never joined in any revelry, in any practical joking ; he never laughed at a flash of humour, he never went for a spree, he never smiled, he never heeded anything in particular. Ha wore a crushed and worried look, which, as one of the Bohemian ' clerks' remarked, the Devil, Dr Fauatns, and an amatenr photographer conld not change if they tried till Doomsday. He worked on listlessly while his fello w clerks discussed on the Saturday their Whit-Monday arrangements, and made choice of the Crystal Palace, 'Appy Ham-: stead,- the nearest racecourse, Ramsgate, Margate, Brighton, or Herne Bay. ' Blow me,' said the uproarious Smiihson at last, ' I'll not go for the holiday till I make this nightmare Jagglin laugh. Or I'll stand drinks all round if any man can do it.; Done it must be somehow. Curse it, I can't stand it any longer, this moon-faced melancholy of his.' At that moment Jackson, the violinist, struck up the merriest time he could imagine, the others, started an impromptu dance, Smiihson hauling outJagglin and whirling him round in a wild whirl which threatened every moment to send him off at a tangent against" the door or the wooden boards. But it was no use. Jagglin was nonplussed to be sure, but his expression of sheepish stolidity was more pronounced than ever; Smithson lost patience. The mad whirl ceased. Smithson rushed to his desk, produced a big bottle of whisky, and while ftwo others held down Jagglin, and Jackson played ' Drink, Puppy; Drink,' . he poured an intolerable quantity of the fiery liquid down Jagglin's throat. Jagglin rose to his feet, and looked wildly about him. He lurched backward, he lurched forward. Then he gave a wild, unearthly yell that rang shrilly through the bnilding, and made lazy clerks leap from their seats downstairs. Smithson, Jackson, and the company roared. But in a moment their faces changed. The head clerk opened the door, and looked sternly at the group. The ringleaders in the little episode looked nearly as sheepish as Jaerglin was wont to look. - On the present occasion, for the first time in their history, Jagglin was the first to break a painful silence. ' Wel-wel- welcome, old-old-Plato to our in-infer-infernal regions,' he said, huskily, lurching violently against the chief clerk. The impact seemed to madden him. ' Dogs- and-and-devils,' sir,' he shouted, ' do you stand in a gentleman's way — do-you ?' But before he could get farther, the chief olerk had struck him a resounding blow on the nose. Blood flowed forthwith. Jagglin put a hand to the damaged organ, and then held the hand forth covered with blood, as he cried dramatically, < ' Oh, that this were for straggling humanity !' As the listeners roared in one wild chorus of laughter, a fury seemed to seize- poor Jagglin. He rushed forward, struok the chief olerk blow for blow, rolled with him on the floor, rolled through the doorway, down the stairs, rolling on the landing, down the next stairs, the while the clerks of every department in the building struggled ijund to get a glimpse of the extraordinary fray-.-. Jagglin's state and stnpor made the struggle a really ludicrous one. A dozen times he beat the air or the hall instead of his opponent. His language was chaotic; but his opponent was grimly silent. On and on the struggle went, till the combatants were thorougly exhausted, and Jagglin could beat the air no more. Two clerks kindly saw him home to his suburban cottage. His old maiden aunt, who had tyrannised over him since the day he was left an orphan in her charge, had almost a fit when she saw his state. But the long- meek Jagglin meant to stand no nonsense. He lashed her with a scornful tongue. She went upstairs and lay on her favourite couch in deepest hysterics. All Sunday Jagglin was sullen and sulky. On Monday morning he was worse. Aunt Maud could endure it no longer. She flew into a passionate fit of weeping, then took down her be«t bonnet, sallied forth, and sought the excursion train at Herne Hill for Margate. By this time the whole street had heard of Jagglin's outbreak. But while many cronies discussed it in various moods and tenses, Jagglin went out into the pleasant little back garden, threw himself on the seat in Aunt Maud's summer-house, and slept the sleep of the just. Hour after hour glided on, while many a sound of Bank Holiday revelry woke the neighbourhood, but Jagglin woke not. Many a time a pair of bright eyes peeped over the wall from the adjoining garden, and a troubled light filled them when there was no sign of Jagglin. Kate Green was keeping house that day, and her' heart was ill at ease. '' Unce as she peeped, a surprise was in store for her. Jagglin had woke np, and was peeping also. Their faces almost met over the same point of the wall. Jagglin jumped on to the latter and seized Kate in .his arms. 'Katie,' he cried, wildly, 'I never could tell yon of my love till now.' I Katie said no >word. . Her heait almost j oeased to beat, so great was fcer terror, for j at that interesting moment four of Jagglin's I office comrades appeared in the garden, led by his aunt, who had returned in time to admit them. She had missed the excursion train. Kate flew sobbing to her own house. Jagglin looked sheepish once more. The clerks offered a thousand congratulations. Jagglin swore in most ungentlemanly fashion. When they rallied him on his fight with the chief, his face fell. Surely that meant summary dismissal on Tuesday. That meant poverty and worry. And Katie 1 But they shortened his agony. 'The chief was as drunk as yourself, Jagglin, and he remembers nothing. We shw him to-day.' As a matter of fact the chief danced at Jagglin's and Katie's wedding a month later. — W. P. R. 