MILDRED. By Mrs. MARY J7 HOLMES. CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) ' ' What business had Lilian to betray Mildred's confidence, oven to him ? Had she no delicate sense of honor? Or what business had Mildred to be in love ?' and, by the time the carriage turned into the avenue, Lawrence was about as uncomfort able in his mind as he well could be. ' There's Mildred I Isn't she beautiful with those white flowers in her hair ?' cried Lilian-; and, look ing up, Lawrenco saw Mildred standing near a maple a little way in advance. With that restlessness natural to people waiting the arrival of guests, she had left the Judge and Oliver, who were Bitting in the parlor, and walked slowly down the avenue until she saw the carriage coming, when she stood beneath the tfeo. 'Get in here, Milly— get in,' said Lilian; and hastily alighting, Lawrence offered her his hand, fooling strongly tempted to press the warmongers, which, he fancied, trembled slightly in his own. ' She has boon walking fast,' he thought, and ho was about to say so, when Lilian startled him with the exclamation : '.Why don't you kiBs her, Lawrenco, juBt as you dome?' Lawrenco thought of the man, and rather coolly replied : ' I never kissed Miss Howell in my life— neither would sho care to have me.' ' Perhaps not,' returned Lilian, while Mildred's ehoeks flushed crimson, — perhaps not, for she is a bit of a prude, I think ; and then, too, I heard her say she didn't like you as well as she did Clubs.' ' Oh, Lilian, when did I say so ?' and Mildred's eyes for an instant flashed with anger. ' You needn't be so mad,' laughed Lilian. ' You did say so, that first night I came hero. Don't you remember that I surprised you telling Oliver how Uncle Thornton kept you looking .over thoBe old stones for fear you'd talk with' Lawrence, and how you hated them all ?' ' Lilian,' Baid Lawrence, sternly, ' no true woman . would ever' wantonly divulge the secrets of another, particularly if that other be her chosen friend.' ' S'pected they'd end in a row when I seen .'em so lovin',' muttered Finn ; and, harrying up: his horses, he drew up at the gate just as Lilian began to pout, Mildred to cry, and Lawrenco to wish he had Btayed at home, ' Tears, Gipsy ? Yes, tears, as true as I live,' said the Judge, who had come down to meet tliern, and with his broad hand he wiped away the drops resting on Mildred's long eyelashes. ' Nothing but perspiration,' she answered, laugh ingly, while the Judge rejoined : ' Hanged if I ever saw sweat look like that !' Telling him ' he hadn't seen everything yet,' Bhe forced her old, sunny smile to her face and ran up the walk, followed by Lawrence and Lilian, who, ; ere they reached the portico, were on the best of terms, Lilian having called him a 'great hateful,' while he, in turn, had playfully pulled one of her long curls. The cloud, however, did not so sooQ pass from Mildred's heart, for she knew Lawrence Thornton had received a wrong impression, and, what, was worse than all, there was no means of rectifying it. ' What is it, Gipsy ? What ails you !' asked the Judge, noticing her abstraction. ' I thought you'd be in the seventh heaven when you got Lawrence Thornton here, and now he's como, you are bluer than a whetstone.' ; Suddenly remembering that she must give some directions for supper, Mildred ran off to the kitchen where sho found Finn edifying his Lucy with an account of the meeting between Lawrence and ' Lilian. 'She stood there all ready,' said he, 'and the minute the cars stopped he made a dive and hugged her — so,' and Finn's long arms wound themselves around the shoulders of his portly mother, who re paid him with a cuff such as she had been wont to givo him in his babyhood. ' Miss Lily didn't do that way, I tell you,' said Finn, rubbing his ear ; 'she liked it, and. stood as still. But, who do you s'peot Miss Milly's in love with? Miss Lily told Mr. Thornton how she 'fessed to her this morning that she loved a'inan.' 'In course she'd love a man,' put in Raohet. ' She'd look well lovin' a gal, wouldn't sho ?' ' There ain't no bad taste about that, nuther, let mo tell you, old woman,' and Finn's brawny feet began to out' his favourite pigeon wing as he thought of a certain yellow girl in the village, 'I axes yer pardon, Miss Milly 1' he exclaimed, sud denly bringing his pigoon wing to a olose as he caught sight of Mildred, who had overheard every word he said. With a heart full almost to bursting, she hastily issued her orders, and then ran up to her room, and, throwing herself upon the bed, did just what any girl would have done — cried with all her might. ' To think Lilly should have told him that 1' she exclaimed, passionately. ' I wish ho had not come here.' ' You don't wish so any more than I do,' chimed in a voice, which sounded much like that. of Lilian Voille. '' Sho knew that Mildred was offended, and, seeing her go up the stairs, sho followed her, to make peace, if possible, for Lilian, while occasionally transgressing, was constantly asking forgiveness. 'I'm always doing something silly, sho said; ' and thon you did toil Clubs you didn't liko Lawrence.' ' It is not that,' sobbed Mildred. ' Finn says . you told him I loved somebody.' ' The hateful nigger 1' exclaimed Lilian. ' What business had he to listen and then to blab ? If thoro's anything I hate, it's a tattler 1' j ' Then why don't you quit, it yourself ?' asked Mildred, jerking away from the hand which was tryiog to sooth the braid of thirty strands. 'What an awful temper you have got, Milly 1' \- said Lilian, seating-herseif very composedly by the window, and looking out upon the lawn. 1 should suppose you'd try to control it this hot day. I'm almost melted now. And, thus showing how little she really oared for her fooliBh thoughtlessness, Lilian fanned herself. complacently, wondering why Mildred should feel so badly, if Lawrence did know. 'Gipsy!' oalled the Judge from the lower hall, supper iB on the table. Como down.' In the preaent condition of her face, Mildred would not for tho world show herself to Lawrenco Thornton ; and she said to Lilian ; ' You make soino excuse for me, won't you ?' ' I'll toll them you'ro mad,' returned Lilian, and sho did, adding, by way of explanation : 'Milly told me this morning that she was in love, I told Lawrence, Finn overheard me, and, like a meddlesome follow, as he is, repsated it to Mildred, who is as spunky about it as you please.' N. 'Mildred in love I' repeated tho Judge. 'Who '-a. thunder iB she in love with V In a different form l0' ' «. had askerl himself that same question mVr.y ,ime within the last hour; but, not caring to hear the subject discussed, he adroitly turned the conversation to other topics, arid Mildred soon heard them talking pleasantly together, while Lilian's merry laughter told that her mind, at least, was quite at case. Lilian could not be unhappy long, and was now quite delighted to And herself the sole object of attraction to three of the male species. Supper being over, she led the way to the back piazza, where, sitting close to Lawrence, she rattled on in her simple, childish way, never dreaming how, while seeming-to-Iisten, esoh of her auditors was thinking of Mildred, and wishing she was there. ' For a time Oliver lingered, hoping' Mildred would join them again, .but bb she did not he at last ' took his leave. From her window Mildred saw him going down the Cold Spring path, and with' a rest less desire to know if he thought Bhcliad acted very foolishly 8he.8tnie out' of the back way,' and, taking a circuitous route to avoid observation, reached the gabie.roof arid knocked at the door ofcOliver's room just after he had entered it. ' May I come in ?' she said.-. . .. >. Certainly,' he answered. ' You are always welcome here.',. V And he pushed toward.-, her the Btool on which she sat; but pushed it too far from himself- to suit. Mildred's ideas. She could not remember that ahe was no longer the little girl who used to lavish so many sisterly caresses upon the hoy Oliver ; neither did she re flect that she was now a young' lady of -seventeen, and he a man of twenty-one,- possessing a .man's heart, even though the casket which enshrined that heart was blighted and deformed.: '.I want to put my head in your lap just as T used to do,' she said ; and, drawing the stool qloser; to him, she rested her burning .cheek upon his knee and then waited for him to speak. ' You have been crying, Milly,' he said at last, and sho' replied : . ... ' Yes, I've had an awful day. Lilian led me into confessing that I loved Bomebody, never dreaming that she would tell it to Lawrence ; but she did, and she told him, too, that I said I hated all the Thorntons. Oh, Oliver, what must hevthink of me ?' 1 ' For. loving somebody. or, hating the Thornton's, which?' Oliver asked, and Mildred replied : 'Both are. bad enough, but- 1 can't bear to have him think that I hate him, for I don't. I — oh, Oliver, can't you guess ? don't you know?— though why should you when.you have loved only me?' Only you, Milly— only you" said Oliver, while there came a mist ' before his eyes as he thought of the hopeless auguish tho loving her had brought him. ' . But not for tho world would he suffer her to know of the love which had become a part of hiB very life, and he was glad that it was growing dark, so she could not .see the whiteness of his face, nor the effort that it cost him to say in his usiTBilly quiet, tone': " . ' ' ' Milly, do you love- Lawrence Thornton ?' ' Ho knew she did, but lie would rather she should tell him bo, for he faucied that might help kill the pain. which was gnawing. at. his heart. 'I have novcr kept anything from you, Oliver,' ahe said ; ' and, if you are willing to be troubled, I want to tell you allabout it. Shall I ?' ' Yes, tell mo,' he replied ; arid, nestiirig so close to him that she might have heard the beating of his heart, Mildred told" him of her love, Which was so hopeless bocauae of Lilian Veillo. 'I shall never be married,' she said ; ' and when wo aro old we shall live together, you rind I, and I shall forget that I ever loved anybody better than you ; for i do— forgive me, Oliver,' and her little,, soft,, warm hand crept after 'thecold, clammy one, which moved farther away as hers approached, and at last hid itsolf behind the chair, while Mildred continued : 'I do love hirn the best, though ho haB never been to me what you have. . Bat I e in't help it. You are my brother, you know; arid it's all so different. I don't suppose you can understand it, but try to iimgine that you are not lame, nor small, but tall and straight, and inanly us Lawrence Thornton, . and that you loved somebody — me,' perhaps.' ' Yes, you— say you, Milly,' and. the poor, de formed Oliver felt a thrill, oft joy as he thought of himself 'tall, and straight, : arid handsome, and loving Mildred Howell.' 'And suppose I did not love you in return, r said Mildred, ' wouldu'b your heart ache as it never has aohed yet ?' Oliver ooulti have told her of a heartache such as slio had never known before, but hollared not, and he was about framing some word ,of comfort when Judge Howell's voice was heard below, asking if his runaway wore there. ' Oh, it's too bad !' said Mildred. ' I wanted to have such a nice Jong talk, and' have not said a word I came tri say ; but it.'can't be helped.-' And kissing the lips which inwardly'kissed her back a thousand times, though outwardly they did not move, sho hurried down the stairs, where the Judge was waiting for her. 1 1 thought I should find you hore,' he said, adding that it was not, polite. in her to fl ire. up at nothing and run off from her guests. Mildred made-no reply, and knowing from past experience that it was not always safe to reprove her, the Judge walked on. .in silence until they reached the house, where Lilian- grooted Mildred as if nothing had occurred; wlide Lawrence mude himself so agreeable that when at last . they separated for the night the shadow was entirely gono from Mildred's, fuco. and nearly so from her heart. : . CHAPTER X. thk iuven. The-next day was- excessively hot and sultry, opnfining'the young people to the coo!, dark parlor where Lilian fanned' iierSulf furiously, while" Law renco turned the pages of a book, arid Mildrod drummed listlessly upon-tho piri.no. Oliver did not join thorn, and Luce, who beforo dinner went down to tho Cold Spring for '.water, brought back the uews that' lie was suffering from bus of his nervous headuchos. .' " ' ' He -needs more exercise,' said Lawrence/ ' I mean to take him with me chiriaf toriioon wlien I go down to bathe in the river.' Accordingly,_about four o'clock, he oalled ,upon Oliver, who looked pale and haggard, as if yp'ars'of uttering had passed river hinv since tlie previous night. ' Still' tie was so tri'uoli Ustfer that'Lawrenoa ventured to propose his going to the river. ' No matter, if you oan't swim,' he said ; ! you can sit'upon the grass and look at mo.' ' - ' 'Oliver knew that the, fresh air would do. him good, arid he wont at last with Lawrence to the. quint spot which the latter had selected, partly because it was remote from any dwelling, and partly heoauso the water was deeper there than at tho points highor up. Sitting down beneath a tree which grow near tho bank, Oliver watched his domz pauionNts he plunged boldly into the, stream and'- struok out for the. opposite shore. ' Why ain I not like him, irietoad of being thus feminino and woak?' waa tho hitter thought creep- ' ing into Oliver's heart, when suddenly a fearful cry roso on the air — a cry of 1 Help ! I'm cramped ! oh, help me, ClubB 1' and turning in the direction whence it came, Oliver saw a frightened face dis appearing beneath the water, while the outstretched hand, which went down last, seemed imploring him for aid. In an, instant Oliver stood by the river bank, and when the face came up again he saw that it was whiter, than before, and the voice was fajnter which uttered another name than that of Clubs. At first Oliver thought he was mistsken, hut when it came a secoud time he reeled as if smitten by a heavy blow, for he knew then that the drowning man , had cried out:. . .. ....... —...v.-.,--. ' Milly i . Milly 1' . as if. -he thus would bid -.her farewell.' ' ' - '' For"" rif second Oliver 'stood "spell- bound,': while i thought after thought traversed his whirling brain. Lawrence was his rival, and yet not his rival, for, even had he never been, such aa Oliver Hawkins could not hope-to win the queenly Mildred, whose heart would break when they told her Lawreuce was dead, She would come to him for comfort, as she alwayri'did, and how could he tell her- he had looked silently on and seen him die ? There would be bitter reproach in the eyes which never yet hud rested upon him save in love, and rather than meet that glance Oliver resolved at last to save Lawrence Thornton, even if he perished in the attempt. 'Nobody will'mourn for the cripple,' he said. 'Nobody- miss me but Mildred, and Lawrence wilj. comfort her ;' and with one last, hurried glance at. the world, which had never seemed so bright as on' that' July afterrioon, the heroic Oliver sprang into- the river, and struck out for the spot where Law- ronce last went down. ; He forgot that he had never learned to swim — norjknew that he was swimming— for one thought alone was uppermost in his mind, and that a thought of Mildred. Hers was the name upon his. lip— hers the image before his mind aB he struggled in the rolling river — for he ran that fearful risk—; and the mighty love he bore her buoyed him up, until he reached the spot where the waters were still in wild commotion. By what means he grasped tho tangled hair — held up the rigid form and took it back to the shore, he mever 'knew, it passed so like a dream. With an almost superhuman effort, he dragged the body up the bank, laid it upon the grass, .and: then" his feeble voice, raised- to -its highest pitch, went echoing up tfie hill, but brought back no response. Through the soft, summer haze he saw, the chimneys of the Beech- wood mansion, and the cupola on the' roof where Mildred often sat, and' where she was sitting now. But his voice did 'not reach her, or "if it did she thought it was some insect hum, and turned again to her book, unmindful of the dying Lawrence beneath the maple tree, or of the distracted Oliver, who knelt above, him, feeling for his pulse, and dropping tears like rain upon his face. ' I must go for help and leave him here alone,' : he said at last, and he started on his way, .slowly,: painfully, 'for ere plunging into ; the 'river lie hud thrown aside, his shoes, and his poor, tender feet had been cut upon a sharp- pointed rook'. . ;' But he kept on his way, while his knees shook, beneath him, and in his ears there was a buzzing sound like the rush rif mauy waters. Human strength could not endure much more, and by the time he reached his grandmother's gate he sunk to the ground, arid - crawled Blowly to the door.- In- wild affright old Hcpsy name out, asking what was the matter.' ''Lawrence !' he gasped,— ' he's drowned,— -he's dead !' " ;. ' Then from his mouth and nose the crimson bipod . gushed out, and Hepsy had . just cause, for scream ing as she did : t ' Help 1 -Murder:! Fire i Mildred Howell ! Oliver is dead, and Lawrence too 1' From her seat in the; cupola Mildred heard the ery, for Hepsy's voice was shrill and clear, and it rang'out like an alarm-bell. Mildred heard her name and that Oliver was de.vl, and, hounding down the stairs, she went flying down the Cold Spring path, while close behind liar came. the wheezing Judge, with Lilian following slowly in the rear. On the floor, -just' where he had fainted,. Oliver was lying, and.'Mildred's heart stood .still when she s tw his dripping garments and the blood stains round his pallid lips. ; . ' Poor, poor Oliver,' she said, kneeling down beside hiir, and wringing his wet hair. J. Where has he been ?' ; ' ' ' : ' At the sound of her voice his eyes unclosed, and he whispered, faintly : ' ' Lawrence— Milly. ' Lawrence is dead— under that tree.' . , . .... ' Then, for one .brief . instant, '.-Mildred fancied . hor- self dying, but the sight of Lilian, who . had , just come .iu, brought back her benumbed faculties, and, going up to her, she said : " 'Did you hear, Lily?' Lawrence is) ..dead — drowned. Let us go to him together." He is mine, now, as niuoli as yours.' . 'Oh, I oarn'fc, I carn't !' sobbed Lilian, cowering back into a corner. . 'I'm afraid of-dead folks J I'd rather stay here.' ' Fool 1 dough-head 1' thundered the .Judge, who thoroughly disliked her, and was now out of all kind.of patience.- ' Go, to the house, then, and see that his chamber is ready for the body, ' arid, with out waiting to see if his orders were obeyed,, he hastened after Mildred, who was flying over the distant fields as if she Bported a pair of unseen wings. She saw the stains'from Oliver's wounded feet, and, knowing that she was right, ran on, and on, until she reached the spot, whither other aid had preceded her, else Lawrence Thorritori has surely floated down the deep, dark river of death. Two villagers, returning from a neighboring wood, had found him lying there, and irero doing for him what they could when Mildred came up, begging of thetri to Bay if he ware dead. 'Speak to him, Miss Howell,' said one of the men. That may bring, him J Back— ife sometimes does'; but Mildred's voice, though ail' powerful to unlock Oliver's scattered senses, could not pene trate the lethargy which had stolen over- Lawrence,, and, with an ominous shake of their heads, the two inen lifted him between them, and' bore him hack to the house, where Lilian, in her own room, was sobbing as if her heart would break, arid saying to Rachel's grandchild, who had toddled in and asked what' was the matter : ' Oh, I don't know. I want to go homo and see Geraldine.' : V ' " , ' Go home, then, and be— — hanged,' the Judge finally added, speaking tlie last word very naturally — ns if that were what ho had all the time intended ; to say. 7 ' With a scoroful glanoe at Lilian, who, as Law reuce was borne past lier door, covered her face with her hands and moaned : ' Oh, I carn't look at him,' Mildred saw that' everything wub made com fortable, and'tben; all throughout' the anxious, ex citing hour which followed, ; site stood bravely by, doing whatever was necessory for her to do, and once, at her own request, placing her warm lips next to the oold ones of the unconncious limn, arid sending her Jife-tireatli- far down into- tlie' lungs, which "gave -back oniy a. gurgling, sound, and' Mildred, when she hoard it, turned away, whispering ; , ' He is dead !' But, Lawreuce was not dead ; rind when the night shadows wore stealing iuto the room, he gave signs that life was not extinct. Mildred was the . first to discover it, and her cry of joy went ringing through the house, and penetrated to the room where Lilian still cowered upon the floor. But Lilian mistook the cry, and, grasping the dress of the little child, who had started, to leave her, she sobbed : 'Don't go— don't leave me alone, -it's getting dark, and I'm afraid ol ghosts;!' - J '! : 'Confounded fool ?' muttered 'the Judge; ntio 'passed .the.door.. just inv time to hear the remark,. ; arid who felt strongly, tempted to hurl at her head 'the brandy hottlo ho uarried- in his hand. ' It .wouldn't make any more- impression, though, than on a bit of cotton wool,' he said ; and he hurried on to the chamber where Lawrence Thornton was enduring all the pangs of a painful death. But lie was saved, and when at last the fierco struggle was over, and . the throes of agouy had eeaaed, .fie fell -away to sleep; and the physician bade all leave the; room except Mildred," who must watoh him while he Slept. ' Will he live? Is he past all danger ?' she asked, and when the physician answered, 1 yes,' she said : ' Then I must go to Oliver.' Lilian will' sit with Mr. Thornton.' ' But, is her face a familiar one ?. Will he be pleased to see her when he wakes?' the' doctor asked, and Mildred answered, sadly : \- ("to bis continued. | 