SQUIE JOHN; OR FOR THE LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. By ST.:GEORGE RATHBORI E., fAuthor, of "Under Egyptian Skies," S"Miss Pauline of New York,", Etc.i CHAPTER VII:-DIAMOND CUT.' DIAMOND. The picture when Travers 'lirdWalaiis ,his identity is certainly one well t'oth seeing,. especially the consternation -stamiped upon-the features of. that re m . ikableiman with whom Jack holds -Aisa Interview. . SSenor Roblado is apparently strickeni dumb for the time being; the hand'that dholds the smoking cigar trembles as might an aspen leaf, and his fierce black eyes under the shaggy grey brows, are fastened on the Yankee with' the look of a hungry wolf. " . "You are. the -'cgiliine Jack- Tn"rvns! You who sit there dare to tell me that as coolly as you' might spzak of your cigarro!'Poor Dios! man, I admire your \---.-rethough you have come near shat tering mine with your devilish intelli gence. I feared treachery: I prepared against it, but hlola! you overwhelm me. Still, it Roblado never surrenders; we sometimes die in the last ditch." "Ah, senor," laughs the tantalising Jack, "you remenber I warned you it "was full thirty feet from my window, and a hard pavement that of.Princes street Don't do anything to tempt me, I- beg." . The senor, who has risen half-way from his chair, drops back again ; one glance at tihe muscular figure of the American has convinced the Spaniard that he cannot hope at his age to cope with such an athlete. "All the Fates must be against me to bring you here at such a time. T Ile lieved you dead, Jack Travers," he growls, hardly knowing what else to say. "So did my dear friend Howard, and lie had good reason to believe himself haunted by my ghost, since it was by his orders I was waylaid, robbed, and thrown into Dead Iorse Canyon. But I am a favorite of Fortune, and I escaped, as you see, to baffle your s chemes." "Then we have lost everything. You have swept the board, Senor Jack; but there is one thing still left to me." . Senor Roblado has no longer Ills hand upon the throttle-valve controlling, his emotions, which, up 'to - this moment, have been kept in, wonderfiillr ntrol. considering his-fiery nationality. '"a barrier is swept down by that flercer Sof the tide,'and as he hisses across1t' t..le hils t usually , suave- countenance .takes on the expression of a fiend. The crisis is at hand. \--Thanks to, his long' traning, Tack knows just how to meet such an emer gency. He has one elbow resting on the table, and supports Ills head care lessly with this hand. . "What might that be, senor?" he smiles. S"Revenge. A Spaniard never for gives an injury. I have lost a fortune, it may be, but In return I mean to have -your life!" .With the words, the fiery Castilian gentleman suddenly produces a revolve.r, and presents it-at the'head- of his com Ipaniio. It is ;o close that Jack can look into the chambers and see the lead en messengers snugly 'ensconced, and awaiting the signal to go forth. lie sees something more. "Alha!'you db not flinel. I You are a man of nerve; but that 'shill not save you. See, the clock yonder is about to Sstrike tlhe half- hiour" 'TWBen it'sounds I -shall fire. This day,' Wlich has seen the charming J.essie a wife, shall also see S?er.-awido.w.'Land..his mannnardeelares that, regardless of consequences, Rob lado Is bent on revenge. "Ah, senor, you have been in America, in Cuba, and learned of their ways; hut there is one thing you seem to have fcr gotten which no cowboy in Texas ever omits-that is, to pull back the hammer of your gun before you shoot." The Spaniard gives a cry ef bitter chagrin, and draws back his arm to remedy the fault, swhen Jack's foot l!!cs up from the side of the table, and the pAinttl tlo of his hoot coming in contact with Iriblado's wrist, the instantaneous result is a re. volver whirling across the apartment. A snarl of rage from the senor. "Sit youdown, sir," says Jack, calmly, aond there Is a terrible emphasis to his voice that has an effect on Roblado, though in all probability he is influenced lmore by the sight of a little shining wea p.in wlich Jack has taken from the ,drawer of the table, and the hammer of which is drawn back; Rob'lado Is not a madman, therefore he Srefrains from rushing on certain death. S'Fsuming;with rage, lie drops.back into . *ils.chl.ir,a picture of eunutterable fury:. :'"-o:'-"Now.'sir, let us'hdave'n undersiand :Ing.: I.shall put my weapon away agal.p since I' believe' you 'will come toyodur -' -enses and realise there are better ways of getting even than by murder." A sparkle of cunning flashes into the eyes of the don; he has suddenly remem ebored that, after all, when the game ap \- 'ears lost, he has a winning card up his sleeve. The girl! She is in his power-she believes in his affection? for her, and will do what he faays. It has appeared to him a great joke that the man selected to stand up with her in the marriage of convenience should lose his heart to the wife to whom 'he'has given his word of honor never to seek again. Now he sees in this fact.the one weak spot in Jack's armor -,the chance for evening up matters-and'Se nor Roblado begins to come again to his senses. ' • He-picks up his cigar from the table where it.has fallen, and replacing it be tween his strong white teeth, endeavors to Imitate the clever coolness of the American. "You seem to run this game as you see fit, Senor Jack. Tell me what you pro jiose doing in the way of terms," he says, 'sullenly. - "Of course you realise that I hold the fort. My identity hps been proven, and \- I am now in a. positlon to claim the whole estate. A portion will eventually S-f lill to the lady in the case;,but some time n must elapse- before this can be done. " In "~-"sl,. anntl?me,senor, I would like to con 'tribute to thSluppoit of-my wife." ;- The'Spdnlird smiles coldlv.' -s"l he S'.-'ealises the power of his one trump card, his old cunning returns, though, now 're inforced by a desperate hatred for this man, who has played with him as a-cat does wlth: amouse. He.can never for I"lve's duh humiliation. "To what extent does the senor mean to go? - - . "Anything reasonable until she comes into her own. As I am forbidden to see \- -haer by the terms of our agreement, I Shaill have to deal through you, as her. agent" ..i "Will you draw me a cheq'ue fdr ten "thrusanad pounds now?" . "I will--not. That sort oftame don't -work, my dear senor.-Alth0usend would see you through- in good shape until mat -ters can be arranged. This Is no black . nmailing game." "Did I say ten thousand? I meant -wenty, or it might be thirty," pursues SIoblado, vindictively. "You jest, surely?" "Ah! you refuse. She shall know :aowa much you care for her comfort. Ten -thousand--a mere pittance, slMr-a crumb from your abundance. But I do not de pend upon your generosity to IIve. Por 'Dies! I have other means. We can 'wait until she comes into her own-yes, walt In the sun-kissed Isle beyond the sea, where thie cold winds never freeze the warm blood of a Spanish gentleman. Ie?ep Your pounds,- Senor Jack; neither I:nor my daughteriwould toutch one of thebm lest it should chill ourt hearts, Af ter all, the case does not turn out so badly, since she will came into hier third." Jack hardly hears the last of his chat ter. One sentence has rivetted his attention, and caused him considerable alarm. "You speak of qultting Great'Britain of going to the isle. across the sea. Sure ly you do not mean Cubah senor?" he asks. "Why not? My Interests l:e ther?, and my first wife is buried in lHavana. Yes, I suraely mean Cuba," retorts Roblado, glSd to see he has given his opponent a thrust. - - : "That fever-racked, war-tossed coun try!. Take her there at this time! You must'not.'.: ' . . - ??"Semr,-I .sillie. Am I your'vassal thldt you should ':se. such language to me? I go where I please, and when I please. A Spanish gentleman does nat take his orders from a Yankee." Don Rafael rises to his feet and folds his arms across his chest. Now his atti tude is simply superb. As a lahiter he has studied how to pose;' iand but for the serious subject- that engages his at tention. Jack would feel in the humar for clapping his hands and appllauding the pileture presented' to him of a proud Spanish grandee. "But JessIe; I will not permit-" "You cannot prevent her accompanIy ing me of her own free will.". "She is my wife." "In name only. - You yourself have agreed never to exercise any rights of a hulsband unless she sa wills. You dare not deny it. There is no laws that call prevent her travelling with her father. We sail from this country; she disap pears from your sight forl ever. Ah ! Senor dtJck, who laughs now? It is per haps my turn: Thus am I revenged. I was a fool to think of violence since there is a better way through the heart. See, with your permission I pick up my'dis carded flrearm and return it to my. poc ket. I would not 'iijure a hair of your head--here; biut if you dare to follow-me to that land beyond the sea, the hour may come when the ilnsult you hiave offered tie to-day will be wiped out in blood, sir. Nosw, C am going, and if we never meet again, you can occasion ally remember, as in a dream, the charm ing Scotch lassie whlo. on your wedding tilgit, came into and went out of your life for ever. Adios, Senor Jack;" and with his mocking laughter floating into Travers' ears. Roblada bows himself out, leaving the Amtlerican still seated at the table. CIA\PTIIR VI[I.--IEFT IN THE LIRCHI AT GLASGOW. The Spaniard has had his revenge. .Tack never moves for some minutes aftrr being left alone in his room. His gaze-Is still fixed at thle.bold plcture:of Eulinburgh Castle us outlined:against the saky; butt his thoughits, are'liirdly-tono i Thls fairo Scotch' 'lassie' nhom' a strange frieak of Fate has thrown in his way in such a manner that their life-lines have crossed will soon hIave gone over the broad Atlantic to the Gem of the An tlles, lwhelre the terrible Yellow Jack lurks and revolution is In the air. Tile bare thought causes him to grind his teeth with anger. lIe knows that Senor Iohbindo will never forgive the manner in which he has outwitted the ccnspiratois. His !lot Spanish blood has been aroused, and henceforth it must be as r to the lnife-between them-as the Castillan himself would put it, gtuertra al cnchillo. In centuries agone wonderful things have happened in- that-rugged pile upon which lie is gazing. The history of most that Scottish 'hearts hold dear is con tained W'ithin the walls of the famous castle-in the: officers' mness-roam, be sides the battle-toris banners, mementoes of thtt# most amazing "fields !n history, stay be seen weapons anid armor carried by braie men who had hearts of steel. ,The conflict that;llesbhefore hlm pro lisees to call for jttlt such-qualities that 'i2nl' the eml._If I;hd. gin- the prize-he musta work for it. . That harsh decree prevents him from doing boldly the one thing that might promise immediate success. If he breaks his word he gains her contempt, and anything sooner than that. So .Tack, the philosopher, realises that lie must play his game very carefully. The Spaniard appears to have it well in hand, but at any moment lie may make a false move, and it is Travers' design to be on hand when such occurs, in order that lie may take advantage of it. Hiis cigar, which he has smoked me cihanically, though vigorously at times, becomes exhausted, and, as lihe tosses the stump out of the window, Jack springs to his feet. To Cuba ! Yes, around the world if necessary will he follow. The greater the difficulties that arise in his path the more resolved lie becomes to accomplish his honorable purpose. If it lies in the power of mortal man, Jessie Cameron must be Ids. The :law has given her to him already, but that counts for nothing without her Iheart, her hindelibly impressed on his heart that he feels she is his fate-the one woman in all the world whom Heaven has inten ded to influence his life. Yes, he loves her; he delights to dwell upon the fact that only a comparatively few hours ago her hand actually touched his, while their eyes met In a heart searching gaze. While fulfilling this strange duty made mandatory by the will of her eccentric rehntive, and the positive desire of the only father she had ever known, had she not expressed her pleasure at ilnding the man to whom she mu.tt be wedded in tils business way a gentleman? Jack has not forgotten a single inci dent of the preceding night, ntor will he to the hour when he quits this mortal sphere, since they are engraven on his heart. It is long after five when he leaves the hotel, and, accompanied by the ever faithful Ah Sin, walks along Princes street. An interview with the head of - the police force is what Jack seeks. lHe de sires to have the elements of law and or der on his side in this struggle against the schemer. When he has acquainted tlls shrewd gentleman with the facts, and explains what he desires, he soon secures the ser vices of a private detective of great re pute. The orders given are to keep a watch on all Senor Roblado does, andtreplort often to Jack. ' : When this had been done; Travers wor iesnbo mniort; but prepsires for an early flitting, believin?ithe scene of the drama must soon be' changed to more tropl?at surroundings. Belig in the vicinity- of- Trin Ity Hospital, he conceives tle no tion of stopping to ascertitn hosi the victim of the hansom accident, which changed the whole course of 'hlIs life, may be getting on, and is surprised to find that Howard Spencer has gone. He spent the night In the institution, and had his;wounds'attended to, but ivlth.theearliest hour when allowed to depart he had done so. Jack knows he will see more of this man at some future day. The other hates him because he has endeavoredlto innjure Travers, who was once hisnfriend, and has In times gone bhy done him more than one favor. When ingratitude once gains admission to the human heart, it leaves no room for any but the baser passions. If he meditates any evil towards Jessie Cameron. he had better ie wary, for the girl fIs fast assuming a place in Jisek's mind that Is sacred, and he stands ready to exhaust every means in his power to defend her. The night conies on slowly. Jack has dined, and feels that, like. the famous philosopher of old, no fate can harm him. News from his agent is what he awaits,n- and meanwhile rides round the city on the top of tremcars. He'. as before-now 'isited the lions of the place -wsniered through What rentalns of Holyrood Palace, seen the-interidrof St., Glles's Cathedral, looked upon the house of John Knox; and viewed the city from Calton Hill. " About nine. he enters the hotel; and finds a message awaiting him. Of course, it is from his agent-written in pencil and in a hurry. They are just leaving for ,Glasgow. Will go by samne train. Follow me, and put tip at St. Enoch's Station Hotel, where I will report. Jack turns to the proprietor. "When does a train leave the station oppositqfor Glasgow?" lie asks. Upon referring to the time-table the other answers: "In eighs ltiduutee, sir." "I shall take it.. HIIave my bill ready when;I coine ddwn.' . Half I minute to reacll??shrooii~bnmh Y full, sixty seconds in which to toss his things into a travelling-hag 'withthe help of All Sin, and get back to thI The-proprietor finds his account pail in a jiffy. Jack is out of the door like lightning, doewn the court to Princes street, -and across to- the station, followed by his retainer lbearing the luggage. HIe has his tickets purchased, and enters ' carriage with Ah Sin and' the luggage just as the prompt signal is given and the troin moves. Such success breeds a h?pe that the future may have much in store for him. The ride is ttneventful. ReachlingGlasgow, a cab is'taken to the hotel, and Jack seeks rest, having left word in the office that any message ar riving is to be brought to him at once. for he believes the mission of the'artist to this city on ilt: C!yde is to sail on an Anchor Line, steamer for Newc York, whence Cllba may be reached. Another day and no word. How heavily time drags! Jack grows restless. Can it be pos sible his -shrewd agent has lost track of "tle game, outwitted by Spimlsh cun ning? He arouses to the occasion and makes inquiries himself. A steamer-tithe An choria-sails' for New York. Passengers must come aboard the night before, as she leaves at a little after midnight. He seeks the booking-oiflce. but no one has taken passage under the names he knows. It looks, then, as though he'will have to come prepared to watch the gang plank. and, if he discovers those he seeks, go aboard himself. At the hotel a note awaits him. nSmithers is awake and on the track. He bids Jack be ready for action in case a voyage is the next thing on the pro gramme. This seems significant of action. .That-: evening, as Jackl enters the dinlng-room;a gentleman hastily leaves whom iie, has not notteed; aand who seemnqnraher'inxioct to1!avoid irecognl tlionslichc is pot at al tstrong'hseseing tlatit*ts ?H?aird'Sp ener' '--~'?' Jack has actually been under the same roof as those he seeks for almost twenty hours, and yet never- once dreamed of the.fact! It draws near ten o'clock. Shadows have fallen. Clouds obscure tile sky, and the night promises to be a. dark one. Jack has decided to drive to the dock of tlhe steamer and t'arry out his plan. Ali Sin has'charge of. the luggage, and waits lin the cab for his master, who lingers to exchangge a few sentences with the clerl. Just at this time a messenger brings a note for him. W?What luck! In another moment he must havIe missed It and up' on such little matters great events hinge. Meet me at the Tron steeple in the Trongate without delay. I have as tonishing news. There is no name. He does not re cognise the writing. Certainly it is not the same chirography as that of tile note that came to him. in London, and to which Juanita confessed. _Still,hetscs o reason. to doubt:, tie identity of 'the Writer, and believes it is the police-agent Smithers who sends this startling request. Jack does not hesitate. A few words to Ahl Sin sends the Chinese direct to the steamer with directions to wait for him at the gang plank. Ah Sin knows only obedience to the letter. Meanwhile, Jack hastens to the Tron gate. - He knows, he can reach the spot in dicated in a very brief time; but as minutes are precious lie dodges the pedestrians in his hurry to arrive. The Tron Church projects over the pavement, with an arch, under which I?destrians pass, and a better spot could hardly be appointed for a rendezvous. Reaching the place, Travers looks sharply about for his agent. On the .way he. has seen groups of rough-look ing men talking at the corners, and al though they are doubtless law-abiding citizens, something in their appearance strikes him as odd. Perhaps it is the fact that nearly very man wears a cap, usually drawn down over the eyes in a way;that' s bound to make the most liniml.sstlidividual'ha'esa ??mosot bold' 'alndhburglar-like appedarance. : Tramcars pass,• and people are moving. It would hardly appear to be the place one who had evil designs would select in order to carry them into practice. Having once been the theatre of many, an execution, when the crowds Jostled elbows to see justice dealt out to those candemned, one might imagine memories of the place would deter rogues from haunting this scene of early-day justice; yet numerous evil schemes against the peace of the good citizens of Glasgows have been formulated under tile shadow of the Trongate. - : Jack grows uneasy. Minutes are pass ing, and a suspicion is being shaped in his mind that perhiaps this is but a trick* of the senor to beguile him until the hour for the sailing of the steamer has passed. He has about come to the conclusioni hIis best plan is to'stop the next emptyi cab that comes along, and make for the landing stage regardless of the startling information which the writer of the note has promised, when his attention is aittractedtowards a man advancing alon' the street, Who appears to be looking to the right and left as if in search of some on"IAh!" mutters Jack; : "doubtless my man; but if Smithers, then he is sailing under other colors. Jove! he has cut oft a foot from his stature, At any rate, Iall walt for him, and prepare-to receive boarders."- • - e The short :man nbtlces him 'standlng .there.- . " - - "AXre 'yeir Traves?" Iie asks. Jack replies thlat he usually answers to that name when at home. "Have:you aictess.ge for me?". he deciands. .The fellow glances round cautiously. No one'appears to be near--a fact Trav ers has noticed, and deems so significant that hQ keeps his eyes fastened keenly on the other, suspecting treachery. "I have, sir/. Come a bit'closer. The lady told cis to be:very, very careful." Is the anaser he.reeives, only it is in broad Scotch. '- :- , I Jack is thrown a trifle off his guard by the mention of a lady ill the case. Then this messenger comes from Juas itac perhaps-oh rapture!-from Jessie herself. He does not suspect that this has been artfully brought into play for the espe clial purpose' of disconcerting him. - The Glasgow man has talken some thing from his pocket, and Jack, kIeenly on the alert, bends forard to see what it may be. Thus he hears not the light footfall behind, because of the rumble made by a vanishing tramear, A peculiar hissing sound causes hih to turn hIis hiad. bct ere he can fully accomnplitsh this design, a heavy object descendc. and It seems to Jackl as thouglh the heavens have fallen, since he sees I a myriad stars. I SHe falls to the ground helpless. As in i dream, he reallses that two men sup port bitv ':1 ,elj a paseser-by he Is - boon companlon?'uinfoniate enough to have partaken~too freely,-yet all the while Jack's vocal orgt5, as well as his muscular powers, se? aralysed. ,Then he feels themI ijtlg him up anil placing him in a vehi e; he hears the driver shout to his hole, and with the motion of the cab. 11 consciousness leaves him, for some ne has kindly placed a handkerchliefsaturated with chloroform oveir his bathing appara tus. ~When Travers opens his eyes he is in a dense fog with reTa?i to his where abouts. " The stars shine overhead as bright as ever they did, and belhind a cloud the remnant of a once proud moon hides her blushing face. Jove!- he must be out onu the plains again, and all these strange incidents but the fancies of a disordered mind. Many,a night has hIe e'ept under the stars in Teias.. whfpa1 i ?"ils adven turous role as a ~wbosvb y ranch owner. The night air is ctld, .:nd Jack, with a shiver, involuntarily reaches mst f,_": his blanket.. Then lie discovers lie has none. TWhat are ithoe sounds?-" Surely such as never greet thle ear.upon the borders of the lonely Staked Plain--tle ringing of bells, anid the shrlll screech of motors switching the freight vans. Amazed. Jack lifts his head. Then bhel gives a grunt, for.the mo:ement causes him pain. His surprise grows; many lights flash before his eyes--why, it 15 as though he gazes from a height ilpon some great slumbering city, and the odour of smok, in the air Is very familiar too. (To be continued.) 