TEMPERANCE. The Ven. Archdeacon Tucker read the following paper on “Temperance”:— Few churchmen will hesitate to allow that a Church Congress programme would be incomplete if it did not include the con sideration of how best to combat and destroy the evils which are born of intemperance in the use of intoxicating liquors. For • those evils are so deep, so wide, so difficult to remove, that’wben churchmen meet to take counsel ‘together, they may not—at their peril leave them unconsidered. Men who believe the word of Scripture that no drunkard shall inherit the kingdom of Heaven, can not with safety neglect to think what the : r duty towards the drunkard may be. If we could know how many of the dead are slain by strong drink we should be appalled. If we could know how vast a portion of the sad inhabitants of our lunatic asylums and our prisons are the victims, direct or indirect, of strong drink, we should be profoundly moved. Every parish clergy man of experience is able to form some sort of guess, how many are the homes in which strong drink makes the awful difference between happiness and misery. No one denies the vastness of the extent—or the deadliness of the nature —of the conse quences of strong drink. Nor can there be any question abont onr duty to try to cure them. The only difference between ns is as to methods of action. I may not hope to suggest any new method, for the whole field has been thoroughly explored by the earnest advocates of abstinence; but I venture to sub mit to this highly representative assembly certain considerations with respect to the duty of the church in the matter of intem perance. We all are one in the faith that the Chris tian Church is the organ—the instrument— by which the Holy Ghost fulfils His mission in the world. As the spirit of a man works through his human body, so does the Holy Spirit work through the Church. If, then, the bruise of drunkenness is to be healed, the church must be the instrument of the Spirit’s healing power. And the church _ is not a thing external to us—in-her we live and move. When we say that the church is this or that we mean that we are this or that. When we say that the church ought to do this or that, we mean that we ought to do it. The healing of the bruises which dis figure humanity belongs to us. Therefore we are to think how we, the ministers of the Spirit, can best heal them. First of all, because, as I am convinced, most important of all, I remind you of the enormous value of personal example. I know as well as any man .that temperance and abstinence are not convertible terms. And il I plead for total abstinence it is not because I think it nobler in itself tbam moderation; bnt because I am satisfied that' it is the only safe path for the weak to tread,, and can see by daily experience that the weak will enter upon that path more readily, and tread it more securely, if they are led and accompanied by the strong. Therefore,. I plead, with all the force of heart and con science, for an abstaining clergy. The ministers of God are set in their place to care for the souls for whom Christ died, and ” caring” implies anxious thought and study how best to help those souls. Now it is the. general experience that, other things equal, or even a little unequal, an abstaining cleryman can be immensely more helpful to his brethren who drink to excess, or are in danger of excess, that one who does not abstain; so great a persuasive power dwells l in the words—“ Do a3 I do.” It is within the limits of common knowledge that the clergy to whom God has given best success in reclaiming drunkards have been and are abstainers; while many a clergyman has confessed that in this awfully important spere of duty he had no good fruit to show for hi3 labor until he took the pledge. No mistake can be more complete than that of imagining that to partake of wine or spirits with other men—to offer them to one’s guests; to provide them at social entertain ments—gives to a clergyman a measure of the influence which springs from possessing the kindly feeling and respect of one’s neighbors. Experience shows that absti nence tends to win other-men’s respect, as does any form of self- sacrifice—if, indeed, so tiny a surrender deserves so grand a name. Men in general, and workmen in particular, - will lend their ears to the pleading of the abstainer, because they take his abstinence as a sign of his care for them. I entertain no doubt that its rigorous maintenance of total abstinence as a rule of life for it3 members is one of the two things which, humanly speaking, have given to the Sal vation Army its great success. The rule is thought to be in ju3t consistence with its profession. A body which takes into its name the word “ salvation” is expected to do all that it can to save. That glorious word enters not into the official title of our church, but the thing it signifies is the purpose for which our church exists, and the obligation to make all our behaviour subserve that pur pose lies upon every churchman, lay and. clerical alike. Seeing, then, how great a stumbling-block is strong drink, how often it fatally hinders the Heavenward pilgrimage, it behoves us to consider by what means°it can best be cleared away; and since total abstinence removes it altogether—for, as Sir Wilfrid Lawson said, the mitred heads of : the whole episcopal bench put together, could discover no other cause for drunken ness than drinking—l submit it as a duty— not absolute, but relative—for the present distress, for the clergy (who are the divinely ■ appointed leaders of the people) to touch neither wine nor strong drink. “I will, neither eat desh, nor drink wine, nor any thing whereby my brother stumbleth, or is offended, or is made weak." So said St. • Paul; and so say you and I. When Dr Maguire, of Clerkenwell, in.' July, 1867, preached the first distinctly tem perance sermon ever heard within the vener able walls of Westminster Abbey, he spoke with thankfulness of the work of the nearly - 600 abstaining clergymen of the Church of' England. Nearly 6001 The number is increased more than tenfold now, while at their head towers the strong majestic figure of our Anglican Patriarch, the Archbishop of' Canterbury. And what a change has passed over the customs of educated and refined’ society 1 It was in the early manhood of a • friend of mine own, still only in middle life, - than an honored English bishop, whose .guest at dinner he was, told him, quite simply, a3 one says, what all men know,, that every English gentleman took his glass of wine. No English bishop would say that now, for it ha3 ceased to be true. Imagine, if ‘ you can, the Bishop of Durham saying that, in a fatherly way, to some young curate at his table 1 It sounds like some episode upon. the stage belonging, to a world of fancy,, quite different from ours. Thackeray was a. faithful portrayer of social manners; but his - pictures seem as antiquated now as those of Juvenal and Horace. Is any man here who ■ regrets this change ? Not one, I am very.' sure, who is not thankful to God for it.. Why, then, hesitate to make it more com plete by setting your own example in direct antagonism to the drinking customs which. are still amongst the greatest nuisances and. dangers that disturb Australian life ? Next in import-noe to the personal* example of abstiance, I place the for mation of Bands of Hope. How sig nificant a name. We hope all that is good for our children. But we know how con stantly this hope is defeated by the temptation to drink. So we join together' the little ones in those pleasant unions in* whioh stands no small part of our country's^ hope. When the history of this illustrious reigo comes to bs written, I trust that justice may be done to these unions, an I that the judicial historians of the future will recognise how great a contribution they have made to the social order, domestic peace, and religious activity of the age. I can esteem no parish perfect io its machinery if it has no Band of H>pe. Prevention is better than cure. If our children do not take strong drink in thsir youth, the vast majority will never desire it in their maturity. Their children will be atill better protected against the temptation, and ■so will come into existence a generation absolutely sohsr. Men have died to win for humanity a blessing far smaller than this. But if Bands of Hope are to accomplish the purpose for which they are fouoded, they must be carefully preserved from becoming mere opportunities of amusement. They must be made Bchoolß in which the young may learn historically what alcohol has done, and physiologically what it will csr-. taiuly do. It is with the intention of making them all this, that the Women’s Christian Temperance Union—to which the community owes a great debt of gratitude, and will owe one even greater as the work of the devoted women who have identified themselves with the union grows and expands has instituted a system of examinations in temperance physiology. I reoognise gratefully the usefulness of the temperancs lessons read in many State sohoole. In •Qaeeosland temperance teaching has been given in the State schools for some time past. Pardon me if I remember that the movement in favor of this system was initiated, eleven years ago, in my own study ■on Charters Towers. I invite you to consider one simple, easy reform in the licensing laws. I dare to believe -that if not mine, at least my children’s eyes may see ths clesing of the last public, house in our land. It is to this -end that temperancs reformers are working. But until it comes—and I admit that society is not ready for it —we should do what in m lies to mitigate the mischief that strong drink is doing. It is in accordance with my sense of the importance of the Bands of Hope, that I plead that it be made unlawful to supply intoxicating liquor to young people below the age of sixteen years. Until this is done, let ns see to it that we make this wise law for our own private government, and never send—or encourage or approve the sending—of young persons to purchase liquor. God alone can know how many lives have been ruined in this way ; also we should discourage emphatically, by precept and example, the always dangerons and sometimes disastrous —mistaken kind ness which offers wine to the young at table, or at children's parties. What soul could ever have been benefited by this unfortunate custom ? We shall know upon the Day of Judgment how many injured 1 It is no part of my purpose—nor would it be possible within the narrow limits of this paper—to repeat the dark catalogue of evils which are the fruits of our drinking customs. Probably all of ua are sadly familiar with it. But I make reference to one evil which just now forces itself upon our thoughts with un precedented power. The end of the last century, witnessed in western Europe, a pro found "political revolution ; the end of this • century is witnessing, throughout the vast Teutonic, Latin, and Sclavonic peoples, a social revolution yet more profound. Throughout -the masses of oivilised mankind there is pass ing the conviction that no men ought to be ■hungry and naked while other men have more than enough. The meaning of the ■revolution is the abolition of poverty. Men will try to abolish it. The experiment will ■be made at whatever coat. The revolution is made bitter by the intensity of exißtiog .poverty. Bnt we know that drinking is the most fruitful Bourse of poverty, and specially of that which gills and embitters human life. I do not pretend to believe that universal Bobriety wuuld abolish poverty, but it would .quite certainly so reduce it, in both extent and intensity, as to rob the social revolution of more than half its Bting. It behoves the churoh to consider this. It is often said that in asking a Christian disciple to become an abstainer, one aßkahim to surrender his uodoabtea liberty. I sub mit that it would be more correct to say that he is asked to exercise his undoubted liberty in a particular manner. It is no man’s duty to drink wine any more than to driok cocoa. If, fora reason which commends itself to bis judgment as sufficient, he abandons the use of wiue—as many do for purely economic reasons—he is not abdicating his freedom, ‘he is exercising it. It is left to him to decide in the matter; and if I ask this 'OongreßS to deoide, each member for himself or herself, to abs'ain, is there not a cause ? The use of intoxicating driuka is responsible for on enormous propor tion of the domestic misery, social unpleasantness, crime, sickness, lunacy, poverty, and personal degradation whiuli aflics onr country. When, in the Scottish •Bong, the intending purchasers of fish haggled at the price, the fish wife, remem bering at what risk her goodman drew its -finny tribes from the sea, exc.aimed—“ It is not fish ye're buying—it’s lives of men.” And surely we miy say—“lt is not wine ye’re drinking —its peaoe of homes, and childhood's brightness, an! youth’s fair promise, and souls of men.” Liberty 1 We. have no liberty to please onrsslves an i leave the weak to bear their ioficmities a'o ie. “Lit-no man seek his <Swn, but each his ■neighbor’s good.” It would be very sad for -us upon the D»y of Judgment to learn .that we had destroyed with our wine the eonl nf -onr brother for whom Christ died. Our liberty would give us little comfort then, I do uot think that intsmperanoe in drink ie the besetting sin nf our dear Am-, traiian people. But it is widespread enough, and fruitful enough in every firm of evii, to •need a strong protest. And you know as I that no protest is so powerful as voluntary abstinence. Tiis military discipline and eelf-surrender of the monastic life was the needed protest againßt the lawlessness of the early middle ages. Plain and simple living is the needed protest against the Inxnrions habits of our own day. I- becomes the Christian disciple—so it seems to me to strip himself of every unnecessary in dulgence. And here is one uselessi ati the beßt, at the worst too dreadful to be told, the laying aside of which cam it fail M W* crease our influence for good. It is such a n ty—because it is so unnecessary—tnat men should touch strong driok themselves, or invite others to touch it. If it adds to human life anything that is pleasant, it takes away immeasurably more. Uoeß it add brightness to our social life? as some Bay. No drunkard’s wife or child ever told us so. It takes peace from the family, love from the husband’s heart, hope from the wife’s. In ten thousand homes it has made “father” a name of terror. One thinkß so pitifully of the children, who suff-r so much. Their case is so utterly sad. If the wife must bear the tyranny of a drunken hus band, or the husband the constant shame of a drunken wife, they at least may have the comfort of remembering that nothing makes a man so manly, or a woman so womanly, as the patient endurance of undeserved p»io. But the children know only that they suffer. They oinnot know that the body may be wonnded for the healing of the soul. They can only crv because they are in pain. But when God’ “ maksth inquisition for blood He remombereth them, and forgstteth not the cry of the poor f >r ever.” These are things proper for a Church Con gress to consider, which meets for mutual counsel, both in matters of faith, and in methods of work. We are here to learn from one another how best to keep our brother; and if we learn this a little to- night we shall do well. 