TELEGRAMS. AN IMPOSING CEREMONY- CONSECRATION OF FATHER KELLY ADELAIDE, August 14. Father Kelly was consecrated Bishop of Geralton, at St Francis Xavier's Cathedral this morning. Among the many ceremonies of the Catholic church few excel the conse cration of a prelate for pomp and circum- Btances as well as that completeness of detail which always distinguishes her functions. The elevation to epispocal rank of Father Kelly was attended with all the impressiveness and solemnity which properly belongs so each important occasions The altar was resplendent with floral decorations and candelabra. The beautifully worked vestments of the assistant-bishops, splendid robes of attendant priests, delicious strains of Gounod's ' Mass Solemnelle,' and the soft light which filtered through the chancel windows aided in accentuating the inspiring character of the surroundings and imparting a glow and color to a magnificent spectacle. The ceremony was witnessed by a large congregation, though the cathedral waB by no means crowded, half a crown being chareed for admission to the nave. The Bishop elect has been making a retreat at Glen Osmond, while both he and the consecrating bishop, Dr Corbett, of Sale (Vic), who performed the rite' of consecration in May, 1896, with respect to Dr Maber, fasted on the day previous. The celebrations began with the entry of the consecrating bishop and attendants and biBhop elect, the procession moving towards the altar to the grand strains of Gounod's • March Pontificale.' The consecrating bishop, bishop-elect, and assistant bishops were then arrayed in their vestments. The consecrating prelate, seated himself before the centre of the altar, and the bishop elect and assistant bishops having saluted him, the senior assistant bishop informed the consecrating bishop that— ' Holy Church demands that a priest present be raised to the episcopate.' The Apostolic briefs were read before the whole congregation, the Bishop-elect reading the oath given in the ritual. The examination of the bishop-elect was then conducted by the consecrating bishop, after which the Mass of the day was begun, and continued down as far as the Epistle. The bishopelect was again conducted by the bishops before the consecrating prelate, who said : ' It is the archbishop's office to judge, to interpret the Scripture, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer 'sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm.' Then all knelt while the Litany of the Saints was chanted. The bishop-elect lay prostrate at the left of the consecrating prelate as a sign of humility. After the Litany and prayers had been read all turned towards the altar and the ' Yenicreator' was intoned. The consecrating bishop anointed the head of the elect, forming the sign of the cross on the crown, and then anointed the remainder of the crown of his head, saying,-' Be thy head annointed and consecrated in the order of a High Priest by the Heavenly Benediction, in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost.' Next his hands were anointed and bound up with liEen by the consecrating prelate, who blessed the crozier and gave it to the Bishop elect. He then read the offertory at the altar- of the chapel, and following this solemn office the Archbishop presented him with two lighted torches, two leaves and two barrels of wine, and continued the mass with the consecrating prelate at the same altar, partaking of the same host and chalice at the communion. Towards the cosclaaon ~o£ the holy sacri-, fice the mitre was blessed and placed on the bishop-elect's head, who was conducted b} the assistant bishops through the church and imparted his blessing to the people. He then returned to the altar and gave a solemn pontificial blessing at the end of the mass. The whole ceremony, which lasted three hours, was concluded by a procession from the altar, the choir singing Zingeriil's 'Laudate.' No sermon was preached. The Archbishop enthroned in the sanctuary, and, wearing the cappa magna, presided. The following were those who took part, in addition to the consecrating prelate :—Dr Maher (Port Augusta), Dr DuGne (Wilcannia), assistant bishops; Rev J. H. Morton, V.G., and Father M'Killop, chaplains ; Ven Arch-Priest Nevin, assistant priest : Very Rev P. Hurley, deacon; Father M'Evoy, subdeacon ; Father Cosgrove,master of ceremonies; Father Comes, assistant master of ceremonies ; Very Rev Father Vincent and Father Carroll, assistants at the throne. The musical portion of the ceremony was rendered by a powerful choir under the direction of Mr W. Gordon, who deserves the highest encomiums. Gounod's * Mass Solemnelle' was sung in its entirety, and an ofEertorium, 'Ecce Panis,' set to an old Portuguese melody by Dr Crookall, with full Gregorian responses, and the Te Deum Laudamus. The solos were creditably rendered by Mrs Keogh, Misses Morrissey and Carrig, Messrs Bermingham, M'Creanor, Walmsley, and Foulkes, while Miss Nellie O'Sullivan was decidedly successful at the organ. During the week Bishop Kelly was the recipient of congratulatory addresses from various Catholic bodies. In the evening, at the Cathedral, Dr Kelly officiated at Pontificial Vespers and Bene- diction, in the presence of a large congregation. Father Vincent, superior of the Passioniet Fathers, delivered a powerful eulogium of the new bishop, who, he said, was the second native-born Australian to be consecrated during the last year or two. He had travelled all the way from Western Australia to receive the sublime communion at which he was present. The Archbishop had given Bishop Kelly his first episcopal lesson, and what joy it must have been to the Archbishop that day to see that young man in the prime of life, with a deeply stored mind, well versed and erudite, receive the unction of the Church, while he presided on the Throne. Those whom Bishop Kelly had left in Westralia would rejoice also. He was respected there for MB highmindedneas, and was a zealous and loving friend of his flock. Father Vincent mentioned that the cross which he had placed on Bishop Kelly's breast that morning was made of Westralian gold collected by his faithful children out of love for him. Dr Kelly gives his first communion to about 200 children and receives novices of the Order of St Joseph. He will visit Melbourne and Sydney, and return to Westralia in about a month. 