A. Uoilicitl S|»irllii;»list in Trouble. A UASK possessing uncommon and intere*- 1 ting features will shortly bo invoatig*ted, when a man named Charles Bailey is tried tor feloniously prH- ndiog thai ho w-is t he modium of adoa<uiscd doctor, and obtaining money under such pietence. Bailey, who was arrested liy Detective Macmannmny on Saturday is 32 years of use {says li* ** Argus '*). He was originally a clicker iu a Co lingwood boot factory, bur, discover ing his power of communing with the inhibiiunU of the mthcr world, he con eluded Ihat hie timo was waste 1 there, and docided to olrck no more-unices it were on the tables used duringscuncis. He secuiud portion of a shop in Gertrude-street, Fit/.* roy, where Mr. Aloxatidor 0»ticg carries on tho business of a bookbinder and utationor, and through the medium of a small six penny advertisement ho gavo it forih to the world that spirits could be interviewed on Friday evenings. Visitors to thesu scauccs found that onoof tho spirit* which postcsecd the body of Mr. Hailey was that of a Dr. Whitcombo, aud so skilled a ghost did he seem that private suances wero held for sufferers, and prescriptions by Dr. Whit combo wero said to effect marvellous curep. Tho story of these cures did not ieach tho Detective Office, but complaints of Dr. Whitcombe's failures had better success and eventually Detective Macmanamny wan instructed to investigate tho c<ibc. F«ari»g that ho would h.mse'f bo known, Mac* manamny first sent a mau to the *hop in the role of a patient. This man to'd B<iley an eloquent story of his sufferiug*, 6*id he was a miner from Maryborough, and added that he WHS visiting Melbourne for the sole purpose of obtaining Dr. Whitcombe'u justly celobra'ed advice. After boing duly examined by Builoy lie was told to return iti an hour, and, loaving the shop, ho was walking along tho stieet, when Bailey pur sued him, and tuid that the charge wa9 51., 2s. of whinh was required then. Medicine was subsequently provided, and, having learned so muoh from his agent, Mac manamny dccidod to investigate the matter further himsolf, The following Sunday evening he limped up to the shop with the extreme difficulty whioh arises from an injury to the leg, and warmly grasped Bailey by the hand, 111 havo come," he began, ."to join the seance which I believe is to be held to-night." Bailey turned his head towards a small room at the rear, in which a number of men and wonrn were already seated, and eaid, "I | am aorry, bub our circle is already filled." Macmanamny turned ruofully away. *' That is unfortunate," he said, " for I have come here on purpose to consult tho spirit of l)r. Whiicombe ahout my injured leg." Thof<ceof the medium brightened. "Ah" ho said, "we will try aud make rooom," and placing a small " milking stool" against the wall of the inner room, he motioned for the stranger to emc. After shaking hands with all the people in the apanmeut, the detective assumed his seat on the btuol while Bailey sat in the centre of the room, near a small Uble that was tho only fur* Mture, excepting the chairs. The lights | wero luwereu, and after the "Sweet By- I and-Bye " wus rendcrod several limes by | the assemblage. Bailey remarked "Shoo " j loudly, and fell back in tho chair in a stato of collapse. After the proceedings usual at a ecunco a collection was taken, lo* wards which Macmanamny contributed a shilling. When tho crowd had gold ho told the history of his injured leg. Ho had, he ; said, fallen off a horse, and since then ho had j in (rreat agony, which all tho united skill of ! Collins street e&Bt; had been powerless to j remove. Bailey ehuflled off his mortal self I for tho nonce, "and, possessed by Dr. Whit* combo, ho examined Macmanamny, and i wroto out u prescription. Then ho came | to himsolf, asked tho detective if he j had spoken to the doctor, and expressed J surprise at finding the prescription at hia j elbow. Macmanamny hobbled off, aftor , paying half«a*crown, and tho noxt morning 1 ho called, ncoordiDg to arrangement, to get his medicine. Ho took the bottlo away with him, and mado two subsequent visits to the shop, at each of which he declared tho " pain was shifting"*-a symptom which Bailey said was the sign of a ourc. On his fourth visit ho gave Macmanamny a mix turo of herbs-tansy and hops-with writ tea instructions tolling him to pour hot water on them, aud " formout " tho injured £art. This advioo was givon by Bailey >r, Whitcombo boing left to his own de« vices-and iiually Macmanamny arrunged to call on Saturday morning, so that he could get to tho bicyclo races in tho after* noon. Dctcetivo Daltoa called at tho shop on Friday afternoon, bub for some reason -possibly his tall stature- ho wub not treated. Macmanamny had, however traced tho Bourco of tho medicines in tho meantime, Inding that after tho visit of the 11 Maryborough man " Bailey had called at tho shop of Mr. Booth, chemist, of Smith-street, Colliogwood, and askod for a mixture which would ourc tho ailment tho visitor had described. A mixturo alter* wards found to consist of aromatio sul phuric acid, quinine, and orango tineturo, was handed over to him for 2s. Qd, Later on ho called and askod for a lotion which would romovo pain from tho leg of a person who had rccoived a fall from a horso, and arnica and soap linimont was prescribed and sold. Those medicines wero apparently tho same which wero rotailed to tho " Maryborough man" and Macmanamny and directly tho dotectivo ascertained theso facts he obtained a warrant for tho arrest of Bailey on a chargo of obtaining money by falso protcnecs in " foloniously" pretendiog ho was a medium controlled by tho spirit of l)r. Whitcombe. On Saturday morning Macmanamny waited on Bailey with a brisk and healthy walk. Why, you're cured," said the me dium. " Yes, quite," answered tho dotcc* tive with a smile, and, announcing his identity, ho formally arrested the mat). At the City Watchhousc Bailey said he was 32 years old, a herbalist by trade, and, ho proudly announced, a spiritualist by ro ligion. He was subsoquootly bailed out. PiuuiAi'.s no ono receives such large prices for his work as Mr. Rudyard Kipling. Ho has contracted to write eight stories for ono of the m&ftuxincs; noxt year for each of which he will receive about £240. This is simply for tho English serial rights of the stories. In addition, Mr. Kipling receives payment from America, Iudia and tho col onios. This says tho u British Weekly," will probably bring up tho price of tho stories to about CuUO oiuh makidg £4000 for the year. In addition to this, Mr. Kipling received the Royalties for book publications in Koglaud and America. This will not amount to less than about £4000, so that for each story tho author ultimatey receives not leas than £1000. Whether thcao high prices will bo kept up is very doubtful.-London 11 livening News, " 