The ghost scare continues at Bendigo. About 2 o'clock on Saturday morning a constable on : duty in View-street was called by a tramway employe, who said that while on his way home past the upj>er reserve an apparition in white a|/|/caiw dUU >'iUW ni UUU ,U»C1 IUC He had a revolver in his pocket, but was two frightened to use it. The constable and a com- jtanion searched the reserve, but could find no one, though on examination on a seat near the fence at the place where the figure was alleged to have been seen fresh muddy footprints were found. _ . Portions of Riverina have just experienced the best rainfall for four years jjasL Aluminium coffins, costing from L150 to L209, are now in great demand in the United States. A shooting accident (writes a Sebastwpil cor respondent) happened on Saturday evening on the Bonshaw Estate, when George Thomas, second sou of Mr Jenkin Thomas, was acci dentally shot by a companion. The youth, who is about eighteen years of age, with some lads was out during the afternoon rabbit-shooting'on the estate, and late in the evening while re turning home they noticed a burrow likely tc contain rabbits. Young Thomas was in the act of going for the ferret to put into the burrow, when one of his companions - let down the hammer of the gun. The charge exploded, and pari of the contents landed in the unfortunate youth's body and left arm. Fortunately, how ever, he was some distance away, so the pellets were not deeply embedded. The Hon. Jits Norton wrote of a deceased soldier, " Soon, soon shall the kindest forget thee, and thy name from the earth jrass away." Her words are but too true, yet there i3 an exception here and there, for instance the re mains of \Vm. Wallace, Scottish warrior, mingled with the dust five centuries ago, yet an in memoriam advertisement appeared in the 'Age' last week on the -593rd anniversary regretting the event, and condemning the manner in which it took place in the follow ing : — " WALLACE. — In memory of Sir William Wal lace. of Elk-rs ie. Scotland, the immortal sup porter of the independence of his country, who was baxbaronslr murdered on Tower Hill, London, bv order of Edward of England. 23rd August, 1305." Men of the permanent Naval Force yester- terday afternoon celebrated the victory of Omdurman and the inevitable fall of Khar toum. The detachment appeared at the statue of General Gordon, at the top of Collins-streer, and a beantiful wreath of white fiowets was placed on the bronze laurel wreath on one side of the basis. A bill introduced into the Legislative As sembly by Mr Duggan and Mr Brown to amend the Vermin Act has been circulated. It makes it compuLsory on the part of each municipality to pay a bonus of is Od for the destruction of every, fox killed within its territory. Half this re- ward is to be recouped by the Government. It aLso empowers the Council to offer such bonus as it may think fit for the destruction of any other vermin. The most imjiortant piece of news politically in Sydney is that it is practically understood that during the week an announcement will be made that Mr Barton will hare a seat vacated for him. Mr Cope land's offer to give up the Phillip Division still holds good, but the Oppo sition vetoed the loss of so sturdy a debater, even though it would mean the gain of Mr Bar ton. ?>Ir R. G. D. Fitzgerald is reported to be willing to give up the representation of the Robertson to Sir Barton. His seat was won by 1055 votes to Mr Houghton's 655, and it is gene rally believed that, should the contemplated ar rangements be completed, Mr Barton will pill a far Larger number of votes. Melba is most generous to young Australian artists, especially" to those who she considers will one day make a name for themselves. One Australian lady who felt flattered at being in vited to Melba's house, and who assisted with an informal concert afterwards, was greatly sur prised next morning to receive from the 'diva' a letter of thanks and a cheque for her share in the entertainment. Here is a hint for the management of bazaars. At Kyneton a Rainbow Fair which netted L33 included a hat trimming contest by a number of gentlemen. Much amusement was caused hy the millinery essays of the compietitors. Some of the designs were more original than becom ing. An old marriage record reads thus : — " Mar ried, at Bridgewater, Captain Thomas Baxter, of Quincy, aged 66, to Miss Whitman, of the former place, aged 57, after a long and tedious courtship of 48 years, which they both sustained with uncommon fortitude." 