m&mmtm; *z^ ^^Pfipi't v\ rWlv&*lSiJ*=&ff; CHAPTER XIV.-- Cournro™. Explanations wore in order and goon the stalwart Irishman, with a heart as big as a mountain, more or less, accordiug to the size of the mountain, put his arm about the back of the chair, and, in a moment, th» young gentleman was stretched out on one of those mammoth 'settees' which used to adorn the rooms of our grandparents. Mrs. Wrtffli 1'irVa.11a'rllf- n lilliraltnJ_BM-ui-J _~J *1 ? — — - -— w« b-Hf^uu u uu^v vim o^ti oau auu viivwt it over him., and in an Incredibly short time Piuuie was sound asleep, dreaming otu Miss Iss and a Miss Wass, and paint palettes. At 6 o'clock he was still sleeping, and word was sent over to the cottage as we ha\ e seen. At 9 o'clock he was awakened; the little dimity maid gave him a cup of tea, and put him to bed. And thus Pinnie had fallen into good hands. Ten o'clock came as usual, and so did U. Then Mrs. North was a little startled by a knock at the door. Bonar brought in a note end a package sent up by one of the trusted clerks. The note stated that a ' directors' meeting' would Jteop Conrad down town until late, and suggested that she retire and not sit up for him. He also requested that the package be placed in the muniment room, and stated that one of the old watch men of the office was even then on the .grounds to keep an eye on the premises. The package was soon stowed away, and bo was Mrs. North ; and all the great house was still. Mrs. North slept well, the storing of valuables in the muniment room being of frequent occurrence. The slow hours of the night crept silently on, the moon rising full and high over the long pile of brick and masonry, and peeping through the trees. The faithful watchman filled and refilled his pipe, and tramped back and forth upon that side of the house where the treasure was stored. About 1 o'clock the ferry whistle snorted as though augry at the late call, and the sound went echoing over hill and forest. It struck wildly upon Pinnie's unaccustomed ears, as lie lightly slept in the vast bed, and be awakened in ?ome slight alarm. It took a moment lor trim fa rAnlim* whrtrA lio nrnc in f.lm r1ut.lr»reo — a darkness trimmed with the silver moon light streaming into his room. He heard a key thrust into the door, a step coming softly up the stairs, a door open and ahut— and all was still. He turned over once more to sleep — but bis eyes would not stay closed. The late entrance was by Conrad. An hour after, in the heavy shadows of the trees, upon the east side of the house, where the low moon was casting a dark pathway of gloom from the tall chimneys to the trees, a man sat on the ground, calmly watching the comfort of the faithful old guard, not ten rods away. He was still peacefully smoking his pipe. It was a tall, thin, cadav erous old man— and we have met him before, though cow no sepulchral cough warns us of his presence. His face was not now of ashen hue. His eyes were bright and luminous — his ears keen to the unfolding of the beetle's wing. Every sense was alert. He carried nothing in his hands but around his waist was a cord, and on one end a Email steel grapnel. In his belt a sheath knife was hidden, and a pistol, both under a loose blouse. As the shadows deepened the old man rose from the ground, stepped forward to the lim it of the shadows, as silently as a cat and briskly as a fox. Inspecting the ground a moment, he dart ed to a dark recess in the building— and to a portion of the structure where no sleojiers were near within. A moment later and he was on the roof of the moonlit side — the guard being upon the other. He softly crept along the edge of the roof with his feet in the huge gutters. He seemed to know his strength, and paused not a moment in his progress until beneath the largest chimney on the building. He. then threw himself flatly upon the steep roof, and, with the aid of the kedge, or grapnel, crawled to the mammoth flues. He knew full well that no guard could distinguish a man's head or body at that distance amid the varying forms and shadows of the roofs. A moment thereafter a dark form emerges from the blackened wall of a large fireplace, in the great old diningroom of the ancestral wing of the North homestead. It hugs the wall in crouching attitude, with tread si lenced by the wool on the soles of his shoes. Creeping thus to the further end, he .reaches a panel which he can only distinguish in the darkness by touch. Having located the place, he restfully straightens up and peers round the room, which apparently is of the width of the structure, having windows at both ends. He waits until his oyes enlarge to meet the darkness. The opium does its work. They are luminous, end, like two phosphorescent balls, burn in the gloom like the two flaming eyes of the panther. Though unseen, his face is aglow, and bis heart fired with an irrepressible courage. But he does not forget bis ritual. Skill is useless with out safety. Swiftly hedarfsacrosstheroom and tries to unfasten a window and push it open. It is in vain. It is securely locked. Without a moment's delay he takes from his blouse a little brace and drill bit. In another moment be is grinding away at the gloss with a well-oiled drill of the hardest steel, and in an astonishingly short time it is through. He takes from another pocket a roll of black cloth. As be unrolls it an oiled paper is taken off and the doth pressed firm ly against the pain of glass. It sticks tight ly to every part. Then the old man inserts the drill into the bole he has bored, presses sideways— and the gloss breaks in every direction : but not a piece falls to the floor, nor is there any noise. The glass is wholly glued to the cloth. If driven from Mb work by danger, be will plunge headlong through this opening, but otherwise go as he came. He now returns to his panel. Not over ten minutes have been lost With the butt end of his sheatb kuife he worms a hole under the panel and pries it up. He bends up the paiutod metal, but the bolt of the lock does not give way. The old man's slender band is inserted— and the keys are his. N dw the vault is opened— both doors. The burglar enters, closing the iuner and lighter door behind him. A 'lucifer' is scratched and a dark lantern lighted. It is the su preme moment, to a ghoul who preys upon his fellows. And his rapid heart-boats are audible to the old man in the (-Hence— a silence which he can almost feel within those brick walls. The package lies before him. His hands are upon it. What if, during this work of darkness, in the mysterious night, there had been a man of stout heart and herculean frame in that old dining room of the Norths! What if this man, whose courage may have been tested in the hot battle, were to calmly seat himself in the dark shadows, while those two visible' eyeballs swopt around the room, and thus watcn thq cata mouutcut its way silently through, glass! _ Aud then follow them through iron dpoit fo' a windowless vault! And suppose this wit ness silently follows into the thick darkuess and musty air, and feels that there wore two entombed— whence but one could come forth alive! And finally, what if that desperate old cat lights his candln-lantorn, seizes the treasure, turns quickly around; and finds himself face to face, not with a giant, but with— Pinnie! V o gods ! But what a scene I The old man cried aloud, stepped back a pace or two, dropped the package and trem bled from head foot — a cold prospiration covering his body. 'The ghost!' be murmured. His ruddy face was white with foar, and the ashen hue crept over and upon it. The effect of the drug was overcome by fear and a hollow cough filled the vault. It was ail in a moment. Before the start led face of the youth had evidenced his won der, with paled lips at that phautom before him, quick as the flash of light from hie knife the old devil leaped to his victim, and flesh or spirit, grasped the yielding form by the throat and bore it to the Btony floor. His knife was raised to strike! But the light reached that face before the knife. The descending knife swerved to the stone floor and the blade was broken from the hasp! The blow had been parried by those grape purple eyes— and a hopeless face which he bad seen before. 'Dirt or devil ?' lie hissed as he loosened his band upon the throat. But there was no answer. 'Speechless? Then, by heavens, you are spirit!' Still the night eyes looked, calm and gen tle, into his. The old wretch was fascinated. He took his hand from the throat and stroked the brow of the boy. 'Surely you are flesh and W1WU, UUUVIll But not a word from Pinnie. The old man shook him. 'Say, are you real!' The lips parted and muttered some thing too indistinctly to be beard. 'By heavens! you are real, or else this drug has played me false.' Then suddenly he changed his tone to gentleness. 'Look here, boy, I want to know who you are— what is your name?' 'Piuuie,' gasped the youth as if in night mare. The robber was thrilled as by au electric shock. 'See here, boy; is your name Pinnie?' 'Yes.' 'Where did you get it? Did that com* from a Spaniard called the Tiger?' 'Yes.' 'Hell and fury! Where did you come from?' 'The sea,' replied the youth, a brightness in his look. 'Am I dreaming, and this but the phan tom of that drug? Young man, where have you lieen for twenty years?' 'At the school.' 'Where do you live now?' 'Where you saw me before.' 'Well, boy, I shall not harm you, nor let any one else.. But don't you ever let that Spanish devil get his bauds on you, or your time will be at hand.' 'Who are you?' asked the boy with more confidence. 'Nevermind. Your name is Hubert — but make no changes now.' 'And you— are ? ?' 'Stop! Say not another word.' But it was not necessary to caution him. The ex traordinary influence of the face before and over him and the expectation of death hod sustained the frail boy. That removed, he fell back upon the outlaw's arm unconscious. The robber laid him gently upon the floor aud arose. ymcKiy grasping tne treasure, he passed through the vaulted doors and passed to the fireplace. But in that ten se conds a terrible struggle had been going on in the crime-scarred breast of the man. He paused a moment and drew deep sighs. The next step was backward. Retracing, he re-entered the vault, replaced the packet — and vanished. He could not condemn his own son to shame, and perhaps to prison. CHAPTER XV. A STRAIGHT STORY AND A FAITHFUL LIE. 'Helpl Help!' A smothered cry came up from somewhere. It was unanswered. 'Help, oh, help, Mr. North I' again came forth from the somewhere, like the cry of an infant from beneath a heavy covering. It softly permeated the old oaken dining room and may have reached the hall which opened into the modern reception room— but there died out like phantom footfalls. 'Help! Helpl Where am I!' A comfortable watchman, on that com fortable night, was comfortably smoking his pipe, looking to the east to notice the first streak of the rich red dawn. The stars had paled slightly and the deep, dark color of the now moonless sky took on a glimmering lus ter of violet before the rayless arch surrend ered to red and blue. 'THE BLOW BAD BEEN PARRIED BY THOSE GRAPE-ruRPLE EYES, AND A HOPELESS PACE HE RAD SEEN BEFORE.' He raised his hand to push the ashes from his pipe— but held it midway motionless. His ear caught the rippling echo of some distant call. He turned on his heel— and again— and again— came the sound of a woman's voice. But its origin was a myste ry. First he caught it from the house walls and again from the woods— and then from the sky. . He ran softly to a large window, on that side of the building where be had been walking to and fro, and listened again. 'It is too early for them to be getting around in the house,'- he said, and began to walk around closs to the walls of the building. When he came to the old dining-room win dow ho noticed tbat one of the panes of glass gaye no reflection of the sky. He came cautiously up and undertook to touch it with his band. But it did not touch. His hand entered the building! At the same time he board the cry, now more distinctly: 'Holpl Help!' 'Yes, yes. Who's there!' shouted the watch, placing his face to the broken win dow. 'It's me I It'« mel' came the response. 'Whore are you! Whore am I!' 'Well, I don't know where you are— I know where I am. Who are you!' 'I— I— am— 1 don't know who I ami' re plied tbo voice. 'I can't get out!' The reader can Imagine that Finnic, as wo shall continue to call him for the present, told the truth. . He did not know who ho was at tbat moment. And in that suffocating moment when the truth poured in upon him he dis covered tbat ho must tell all he knew— or nothing of importance to hituBolf. Pinnie was not a fool, as we have before observed J 'You don't know who you are! Well, I i should think likely,' said the watchman as { ho crawled into the room. 'We will help you to find out.' He scratched an enormous match, and at the same time a voice came from the hall way: 'Hello, there! An1 phwat's the matter will ye!' The door opened and in strode Bonar. 'An' phwat's the foos abooti' 'That's what I want to know,' said the watch. 'Everything is all right till morn ing, aud then some gal-baby cries for help, and a devil a bit do I know whore she is or who sbo is. Say, hello there!' ho yelled. 'Yos, sir,' said tho voiro. 'That's the voice of Mr. Piuuie, I am be lavln',' quickly suggested Bonar in sur prise. 'And who is Mr, Finnic?' asked the watch. But before thb question was answered an other jierson entered and demanded to know tbo cause of the racket. But be also had difficulty in finding out. Tho watch walked across the room to where the voice seemed to come, and there in tho lightening gloom ho noticed tho broad panel-like door of the vault. 'Mr. North, what is this?' Courod noticed that the door was open, and immediately called: 'Are you in tho vault!' To tbo amazement of all a voice replied: 'Yes, sir; I think so.' North was almost too surprised to speak. 'Bonar, what is that!' 'Faith, an' I wad av axed ye the same question.' 'Where are the keys to the vault?' 'An' they're where they ought to bo, sir— Howly Moosisl' he shouted. 'But wUl ye look at the like o' that!' and ho pointed to the small panel, doubled up on itself. 'We have been robbed,' said Conrad slowly. 'And we probably have one of the robbers caged.' His remarks were cut oft by the pushing openot the outer door, and the sudden «,. pearance of the youth. He hod been guided to the location of the doors by their voices, and found the inner door closed so that not a particle of the morning light hod entered his prison. And when he came forth from his grave, it was no wonder that two of the meu who had never soon him were startled. Tbe watch was thoroughly frightened. And it was all that Conrad could do to hold his courage. This was not the robber that be was looking for) Bonar was the only one who retained his balance. 'An'phwatbeyedoin1 in that hole for!' '1 don't knowl' said the youth, turning to Mr. North. 'Who is this, Bonar?' asked Conrad, in rather severe tones. 'Tell the gintleinau who ye be, Misther Pinnie,' suggested Bonar. 'Who are you, my boy, and what are you doing in our muniment room f' asked North. 'I don't think I can toll you now, sir. ' Conrad took Bonar by the shoulder aide and said. 'Is this a lunatic or what?' 'Mr. North,' said Fiuuie, coming forward with a fragile step, 'I think I con tell you better alone; I am not strong enough to stand up longer.' 'Sit down, l-oy. Bonar give me the can dle.' Conrad took the light, entered the dark room aud to his surprise found the package on the floor where it had been flung. At this moment a servant girl entered the room, took in the situation, shrieked throe or four times, and in five minutes tho nholo \ hoiiso was in an uproar. Conrad took Pinnio into the library, leav ing Bonar and the watch and the vault. In a few moments he began to tell how he hap pened to be in the bouse, and then impris oned in the vault 'I didn't sleep well. I heard you come home. Then I think the moonlight kept me awake. By and by something fell on my bed. It was tho cover to a chimney hole in the wall. I looked up and could see the bluck hole. I couldn't keep my eyes off from it.' 'Yes, yes, go on,' said North with impa tience. 1'imiie bad now been talking a good while and was acting a little strangely. 'Yos, sir, but I can't think very well now — 1 have boon very bad— and I am sick now, sir — very sick!' Conrad rang the bell violently and when the little dimity maid came in, all excite ment, he told her to bring in water and wine, 'and hurry it up, too!' And no one knows the amount of speculation this order caused in and about the kitchen. Pinnie took deep draughts of the water, but scarce ly tasted the wine— which at once elevated him in Conrad's estimation. And then be continued: 'I heard a scrap ing in the chimuey-holo, and I got up and put my hand in, and it touched something like an old shoe, and the moment 1 touched it it was taken away. Bo I dodged down, having heard that sometimes robbers came down chimneys. And then I saw the white bed was all block with soot, and 1 was afraid thai Mrs. North wouldn't like it.' 'Yes, yes,' said North, again getting im patient. 'So I— I— I almost forget— it was so long ago! I think I thought that some one was trying to steal, and then yon might think it was me. So it seemed that I ought to get Mr. Bonar, or do something. And though I was frightened I got up and put on my panta loons and stockings, so as to be decent, and went down the stairs In the dark. The moon shine was very bright in the hill, but I didn't know where to find Bonar, and in a few moments the moonshine began to go out. Then I carefully opened the door at the end of the hall— very still— and I could see the shape of a man working at the window.' And so Pinnie told tho story of bow he had watched every movement of the burglar — and bow once he actually sat in a chair, and again crouched beside the sideboard — aud at length followed him into the vault. 'Were you not afraid!' asked Conrad. 'Yes, sir. I trembled a good deal, because I was sick— but I moved awful stilt' 'Why did you not cry out aud call the wateh!' 'I did not know you kept a watch, sir. I was afraid to cry out.' 'Why did you not come away es soon as he went into the muniment room and alarm us?' 'I did not know that it was the muniment room— I was never in one before.' 'When he threw you down, why did he not take the treasure?' 'I don't know what the treasure is you speak of. He had a package of something in his band tho lost I saw him.' 'My boy, you are the bravest lad over known. You go to bed now, if you wish. And you need not worry any more about a home, as 1 understand you to say that is what you came to me for. You have bought abonwand paid well for it.' (To be continued.) 