THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the text of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," laid the visitor. Then we will have some light, was the reply, and immediately (the professor lays) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but be noticed that it had one strange quality- it cast not the slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt, except that all the lights you have been have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience, Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt I could result from his experience t Take an example : "In the spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, I fell into a low weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest, I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a four fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Oil' and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 161, Uookley Hill, Birmingham, June 8, 1803." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths' candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The lot ter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease indigestion and dyspepsia; I it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off use " THE MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER " for it will positively restore in every case Grey or White Hair to its original colour, without) leaving the disagreeable spell of most "Re- stores. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots where the glands are not decayed, Ask your Chemist for the " MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER." Sold by chemists and perfumers everywhere at 3s, 6d. per bottle. Wholesale DREDGE, 33 Farringdon Road. London 