Things. (BY ATTIOUS.) A careful scrutiny of the conditions •under whichthe Minister of Lands has thrown open for " selection" (as it is called) §»e " Coondle" Estate the first of the four properties recently bought from the descendants of Noah, who decided to disembark on these shores instead of going on in the u Ark" to Mount Ararat shows thkt the scheme is bound to come to grief in a very few seasons. The upset price of many of thes blocks thrown open is too high, some of (presumably) the best cleared land being classed at £s per acre. E^hiitobllcatit has to lodge over 7i iper centum pf the purchase money •with his application, -and he is .clogged with an annual payment«» wfoateMit the same rate for 20 years, .although- should lie comply Varlier widtall -will be issued for tl»e land without interest being charged, beyond any .already paid," " ' * Within Jive years the whole of the land has to be <me4mth •cleared and cropped. . • : : : Within ten years an araountequal to the full purchase thone^ has1 to be^ Apeftt in prescribed improvements. . No reference is made in the. i>ublished conditions as to the nature of the cultivation, arid apparently a man who cleais and cultivates a tenth of his holding with cereals receives exactly the same consideration as a man who may turn his tenth into orchard or vinery; In the first case a holder will have spent £3 to £4 per acre and thelatter £30 to £40. Each has to clear and cultivate the rigid tenth. Isn't this sublimely stupid ? If the fencing and oiher improvements are not completed within the five years the land will be forfeited with everything stationary on it. i . All the conditions are mandatory, It isn't that the land may be forfeited, but shall be forfeited. I say with considerable confidence that most of the conditions are so much waste paper. The land will not be forfeited if the annual payments of per cent, are not kept up, nor until these are years in arrear. The land will not be forfeited if the required fencing and cultivation are not completed within the specified time, and Ministers and Cabinet know this as well as I do. Very much latitude will be allowed, and if bad seasons occur there will be no enforcement of the " shall" unless pastcralists as well as farmers are put exactly on the same plane, and there is no fear of any penalty being meted out to the former while the Forrest Ministry remain in power. Much, of course, will depend on the respective attitudes of the farmers and the Ministry of the day. If the former are antagonistic we may be sure the threat of enforcement of payment will bring them to their senses. In tact, it is a magnificent weapon of political coercion. The really alarming condition, and the one which opens the Jdoor wide to all sorts of jobbery, favoritism and corruption, is one which provides for the appointment of persons by the Governor, who shall select the applicant to whom the land shall be sold in the event of there being more than one application for the same block. As the decision of the persons so appointed by the Governor is to be final, one who knows the dark and devious ways of the little knot of men in power, can easily realise what awful injustices will be perpetrated, what local jobs will be worked, and what close family boroughs these estates will become. Knowing how. honest in intention the Minister of Lands is, one would have thought that he would have adopted the method of Victoria when that colony threw open her lands for selection in 1865, and have recommended the ballot box. This is the one simple method. It suits everyone. Smith, who has lived at " Coondle" for 60 yeare, has just as much but no more, chance, of se- curing a choice or coveted block than Jones who has just landed from South Australia, or Schwillundsaufenstein, who, cajoled by one of the persuasive leaflets issued by the Minister, leaves the soil of his consecrated Kaiser to compete for a share of the butter bonus of this colony. When and how does the necessity for a "board," who must be paid, make itself apparent, when an absolutely equitable way is found in the hape ofarevolving box worked in five minutes by two clerks ? The apparatus will have no likes or dislikes as a board must have, above all no pbliiical Was, and yet again aboye all it not ¥iqu£re to be paid Necessarily it deprives the Governmentsof *he day of; a liltte snack of pitrohep in the shiipeof tibminations ttils^itttetft^ Jiku^'^^ confidence of the telector that he will be treated with strict justice. 1 don't think be likely to alter this obnoxiousconfttiftttfrunlcss Hie suggestion should come f & th8vOpposition(?) or dowSatae^ or^j ^artiiblaily the fbrmer. €oming from®ur inBignificant newspaper, it is cure riot even tobeseen. Not one member of the .Government dreams of reading CLARE'S WEEKLY, because it is a" scurrilous rag." This is the very reason why and how they come to know it is scurrilous. None of them read it. I imagine, however, that when the pow-wowers meet again the ballot box or some analagous plan will be asked for. The day has passed for the " family boards " in this colony. Drop the "Board" business, dear Mi. Commissioner, and prove that you are above suspicion. One result I will predict, sir. It is that the Government will ultimately , pay for the estates, and cheaply as the confederated press and its friends say they have been bought, it will not get its money back. It dare not, and even if it dared, could not enforce its conditions. v v v The Mayor of this gorgeouslyarrayed city will open the new swimming baths to-day. I am invited ; his washup graciously, most graciously in fact, invited me to be present. Certainly, he invited all the ratepayers. but that doesn't detract troni the hospitable character of his invitation, It is evident this is not a " sixfamily," aristocratic gathering, where the high ones only meet to talk over the good old convict days, when there were no Ouitlanders and no money, but when things were much nicer, because everyone gave bills for everything and thanked God when they gave 'em that the debt was paid. I am going to the function to see whether the ratepayers are to beentertained with the orthodox W.A. light refreshments, also to see whether any clas.s distinctions will be made and separate tables kept for the " hoch " ones and second citizen*. I have a vague idea old Father Time (Hurst) will be there. Not that he often attends "functions" save temperance gatherings. This time, however, he may sacrifice principle to inclination. I see our Champion W.W. City Council has adopted a recommendation that no Asiatics, Chinese or aborigines are to be allowed to bathe in the new washing place. This will be rather hard on Prince Ranjitsinhji should he accept the invitation sent by his old bosom friend, the " smart and astute" one, and bring out a team to play at Perth and Dontgetup, The poor prince will have to go out to the Spit to bathe, and run the remote risk of meeting a policeman and getting run in.'' He is an Asiatic is the Prince, and in an English democratic colony, where every man is as good as every other man, except as regards such tttfles as belonging to the " six families," and in the case of bath-houses, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, he will think it jolly rum he can t bathe where the Murray street push are allowed to. Lovely thing democracy ! It keeps the masses from the classes so nicely. v v ••• My admiratiori for the Daily News —I mean the Perth one not the common London one, is well known. I admire its enterprise, its spirit, and theenormoussums of money it must foot) spend in keeping itself up to date. Last Saturday for instance, there is a column-and-a-half article about my dear friend, Dr. Eemmens, and his discovery how to transmute silver into gold. . . . That the article has been deliberately stolen from the columns of an English paper and reprinted in the Daily News of Perth as though it were an original outcome from the brainpan of its smart and astute one, or some member of the staff which the Daily News has (not) got, is of small consequence. TO tsethics of Recent Journalism all very veil in Jbivilised countries!, b u t w e • itotft want them ilk this land pf 10 foot alluvial limits. v v v The City Council workmen have been uncommonly active in Williamstreet during the week* There have been at least four more loads of limestone dropped down in front of the building occupied by the Coffee' Palace and shops adjoining.-. It is true that, havingwidened the iibajlway at theside. and finding it was too high, they scraped all the top off again, but what's whats a trifle like that, when the money so wasted is merely the ratepayers ? In another few months one side of the roadway between Francis and. Abtrdeeji streets will have been finished, and, before the end of 1898, I should nof be at all surprised to see the other side of the same part of the street either completed or almost so. When both sides are done, the crown of the street will be much lower than the two sides, but then # how simple _ to just fill up the middle with new metal, and leave it unrolled and unattended to for another twelve months: It will be an unfailing source of enjoyment to the officials and workmen to sit and listen to the deep drawn curses of the carters and'bus-drivers as the horses plough away through the unblinded metal during the whole of the following year, It will be another joyful period when the winter rains set in, because as soon as the roads become impassable the delighted officials will order the limestone to be carted wholesale. It is so innocently charming to watch the overloaded horses gasping their insides out, dragging their loads along, goaded thereto by the lashes of the drivers, instead of doing the work when the weather is dry. What's the good of life without its little enjoyments. Its positively refreshing to watch how the road making in William- street is not progressing. > Some time since I pointed out how usefully economical it is to leave the pillar letter boxes lying loose about the streets, and how safe the public must feel in the knowledge that any two enterprising men can lift any of the boxes on a cart, take them home, rummage their contents, and bring them back aigain, and nobody the wiser. I find the pillar box at the corner of William and Aberdeen streets is still unfastened. I shifted it a few feet last Saturday night. In fact I thought of putting it on the vacant allotment, oh tho opposite corner, as an object lesson to the Postmaster-General, but was J3ersuaded by my chums not to do it: I reflected, too, that as the receptacle had not been dropped there quite a year»there had not been time to fasterN^to the pavement, and that before theifaas •cKhibitioncame off there might be found an opportunity to do the much needed work. In the meantime it is satisfactory to know that we have a Zoological gardens and a Mint. That the latter will have to have all its inside taken out and remodelled, and that nearly a\l the expenditure so far is so much money thrown away is not so absolutely satisfactory. Still it is better than nothing, If you will kindly remember, I said 1 thought that the reforms promised by the Katanning farmer in his capacity as a heaven-born Commissioner of Railways, m connection with the William-Street railway gates, would last a week. I confess, with some humiliation, I was wrong, They lasted neavly a fortnight. The supine shopkeepers made their one effort, and now the interest has died out and their V I 8 l,ance relaxed, things have reverted to their original condition, and the gates are opened at rare intervals for a minute, sometimes two minutes, and are kepi, closed for twenty to twenty-5ve minutes at frequent*inter- Vals. 1 won(kr would the 4ear.,Farmer Commissioner accept a shilling edit-10n cf the Arabian Nights " from me, and read it ? Then he might disguise himself as a sort of Haroun AlKaschid, and stand at the crossing r™ for' an hour. He could then see for. himself how, little his officers, the public's servants on the Central £lation, care 16*- him, his orders, or for the public that keeps them from starving, It's no use his going down undisguised. The brutes would spot him at once, and while he stood there they would open. the gates every five 'mintates^; 'PJe ! as/ei f Mt Farpier mjissioner, drop; me a line, and I'll send you the bob's worth. It's an instructive book, I can assure you, and I should say quite, liew to the Boers oj W.A. That hotbed of rampant unbridled license, which insults the cult by calling itself democracy, known by the name of " Mew Zealand," has just appointed a commission to inquire into the awful scandals in connection with the police forces of the colony. The commission Had to be appointed to still the popular voice, which at first merely clamorous swelled and widened till it became menacing. Then Seddon, the ex-beer puller, got the commission formed; and the names were submitted to and passed by, the Governor-in-Council. The commission consists of two stipendiary magistrates on the civil list, and removable at the will of the Cabinet by the Governor-in-Council, and Colonel Pitt, a gentleman identified with some of the nobler episodes of New Zealand history. How the Colonel could have become a political partisan of the one ministry in the Empire whose political turpitude no one not on the spot can understand, takes the cake. One series of depravities has marked its course from the time it bought up a bankrupt bank, with the public funds, to the present act, which is one of inciedible baseness, inasmuch as two of *the unfortunate commissioners trust bring , up a report favorable to the Government Jest they lose their appointments, a result which would happen without fail in that colony of political buccaneers. The sole reason for the enquiry was the wholesale allegation that the efficiency, nay the common honesty of the police force, was seriously corrupted by the continuous influence of the Government. This same Government has, therefore, appointed its own judges and arbitrators, and this Colonel Pitt is. the chairman. Nice story isn't it? The world wide institution known as democracy, ought to hide its head with shame, and give way to " autocracy," when such baseness is possible under its oegis. The only excuse for Colonel Pitt I can think of is that, like Sir George ^" e tias become old, is of feeble intellect, and doesn't know what .he is doing. That he should have become a partisan of a " Seddon " shows merely what may happen to a man in Australasia. New Zealand ought to be proud of its Seddon mob, because next to the natural pride of being the best, comes the unnatural joy of being the worst. If it were not that it (iannot become so because of its enormous natural resources New Zealand would have come to bankruptcy long since. . • • • •. A person named Nanson wants a sm^ll but well assorted lot of martyrs. Our dear Poser " is away in some other colony, at some church function, during which or after which you can bet your immortal soul to a Dixon's cigarette, there will be a collection. So " Poser's " Doxology manufactory has to be cared for till he returns (goodness knows who looks after his newspaper shares and other investments, all in the name of God, of course), and Nanson is presumably a lay Blooster, who is desirous of pegging out piously, and so devotes some of his spare time to pious matters. So he filled up Posers rostrum lswt Sunday, and jabbered on the "Victories of the Vanquished," lie commented on the victorious defeats of two great men, JESOS Ckiftst and John Brown, both of wtfpm tfere viptiiri* to mohfojcracy, In a demooratie community there was no greater need than 'Hbfcfe of lefdera ready to Aocept not only the > advantage* of twlr jtenalfciefc ademocrat atidiiA martyr. Jfof sojn§ time i^tMVe , Want I to *he /curio* -W British Museum, but a democrat and a martyr |!!,! Lord save us; the producer,, isn't the ghost of a circumstance to * a " democrat and a martyr." Seddon «of New Zealand, who once retailed the beer and whisky that drove many a wild bushman into the valley of death, is a martyr, and Premier of New Zealand. Trenwith, who hated hammering at a last, making boots for navvies, is now a martyr, and member of Parliament, with £300 a year. Sleath, who found it more conducive to longevity to lay out miners' strikes, than to work in mines is another martyr and a member of a paid Parliament. There will be some (paid) martyrs who are also democrats in this colony by the end of next session, but up to this I have heard of no martyrs I could get hold of for my collection. I am afraid Nanson, democrats, and martyrs are not synonymous terms. Your talk sounded nice, sympathetic, and drowsy enough to the people belonging to " Poser's " who were afraid not to attend, but it was straight out tommy-rot all the same, and as much above their heads as a comet. Talk down to them " Nanny," my boy, talk down. Talk horse sweeps, bikes, or the coming football season, but not about democracy and martyrdom. They don't exist, Nanny, I assure you. Collie isn't so very far from the capital of Western Australia, which, as all who are in the know, know, is Bunbury. As the Government only spent some £20 per head of population last year on Bunbury—a hardship which has reacted on Collie—the inhabitants of that much-promising, but hitherto non-performing, coalfield sent the usual deputation to meet the farmer Commissioner of Railways during his visit to the delightful bush township on Saturday last. Among those present—(W.A. password) — I mean among those who accompanied the Commissioner — God knows why— was the nobbier-selling chairman of directors of the Collie Proprietary Co., a coal company which is going to produce coal—some day. The deputation was quite modest in its requests, that is as modesty goes in this dear land of nothing in particular. It only asked that the old Government coal mine be leased, as that wss the only mine dieveloped—with other people's money, ol course. The request was refused. : It wanted its streets cleared. The request could not be complied with this year. It wanted a grant for a Mechanics' Institute. Coulp not be done, but it was hoped it might be next year. We want a police station. We require a warden's office. We insist on a post office. Will place these requirements before the different Ministers concerned, etc., etc., etc. You know the weil-worn rot talked by political heads in colonies with patent constitutions. The deputation wanted permission to run over the coal leases and put timber, and that land should be taken from leases to enable persons to play gardening in the interval when they were not playing at coal-mining, Would bring these matters under the- attention of the various branch managers of Saint John's extensive no liability business. Having got nothing out of the wily old farmer, the deputation thanked him for it, and withdrew. If the Collies will take my advice they will get the whiskey-dispensing ehairman of directors, etc., etc., etc., to dine with the Minister of Mines. The result wiU equal the most sanguine expeditions, concessions of all kinds will be obtained, because they wil all be for the $ cofortiy. When 6be *eflect6$at £o1ueli&iiot; yet ?61d stxpehnyio|th of coal,: It's 310001\. >f ; ' *...• AJl&e; Wrii^h^; it been Vasse, Qtfjjifttf,'^ Ashfeurtotf, Bfoomfc or Derb$ the wh^fe box of dotninbeB would have been given. Unfortunate Collie ! Yet look what a future you. have in front of you—a long way. - The Bunbury amateur warriors had a severe engagement with a " social" last week. Unlike our " wild white spindrifters ** they did not present each other with trophies when the dare-devil battle with the ''social" was fought and won. The commanding officer is to get his brevet as general for conspicuous bravery in grappling with the comic song, "It's a grite big Shime " The general has forwarded a despatch to the W.A. council of defence to the effect that the movements of the local army are hampered by the want of a drill-hall and a rifle-range. All right, boys, Saint John will return in a fortnight. You shall have a £2,000 drill-hall in which you can hang the flags you will yet capture from the enemy, and as for the rifle- range—well—there's sure to be a contiguous Boer who will be willing to part with the "Lockemup" estate. The " Land Purchase Board" will recommend it and the Commissioner of Lands will buy it—oh so cheap—a tenner less than nothing, in fact. Don't fret, none of you will will have to pay for it. We shall do the paying and you will merely take your drill-hall and rifle-range. Dear, generous, self-sacrificing Bunbury, can I do anythihg else for you. Would you like the nation to buy up the sacred manger of Saint John and erect a gold- capped temple on it ? We'll get the gold out of the Mint if you want the thing done. Our well-meaning Minister of Lands wants land settlement to go on at all rates and all risks. He would see Federation hanged first ere it should become accomplished by any stoppage of the active work now going on in his department, at the expense of the bulk of the consumers. I think the notion is not very far back in his brainpan that wheat grown by ourselves at a sovereign a bushel by a thousand producers, and eaten at that price by 159,000 consumers, is far better than importing it at 4s. 6d. So it is—for the producers. However, the dear old boy notes with much alaim the acceptance by Sir John Forrest of an annual pour boire, in exchange for a pro rata reduction of the frightfi l imposts under which we suffer just now. He sent a wire to Sir John, in which he plainly tells him that by accepting the annual lump sums of money offered by the Commonwealth for five years to compensate the colony for the losses it will sustain in opening its markets to intercolonial freetrade, Sir Jphn, "will knock land settlement into smithereens." This sentence is good; It is after my own heart, terse and forcible, though not elegant. The. Maiden Lady, her ambassadors at foreign Courts, or her village repor— I mean the " representatives of this journal" 11 would have used • a much milder expression. They would have written "militates against one of the most important growing iudustries," or "likely to bring about a reaction in the public desire to acquire farms and homesteads," or some such milkand-water rot. The Minister says ''Smithereens," and I admire him for it. But if the whole jolly nonsense of land settlement on the basis of the huge public expenditure now going on was fatally knocked on the head with a loaded sandbag, to-morrow the 159,000 consumers would rejoice, while the 1,000 participants in the looting of the Treasury would sorj-pw. This country ip eminently suitable for producing— Gold Perhaps other metals,. Pearls and shell ^ Perhaps coal ^ Certainly some timber, - v , Certainly it .. ^Msb fr^t^flot^ of it " Aiso oil—-lots of it •^DD^Itentlf-' every selector's attention is • strictly directed^pU^rowmg wheat,\oats andhay, cattieand sheep, f ig buttery the cc^^ to th/f^Tadmis- ' all thftse, burst-Hj4ttdffarmers [led), gatherjjp tn|}riragments ould them icyt^^K^eTorchardists. ^C'WfiVe^and export it. The world wants it. Grow fruit and start canning factories. Nations want it. , Erect presses and grow olive and castor-oil. Both grow like weeds. The world wants both. Do these things. Hand the Coondle and other estates back to the original 'owners. Never mind the money paid for them. It's cheaper to let them keep it and the land too, or give the estates away to anyone who is foolish enough to take it for " hay-growing," or sensible enough to cultivate fruit or vines.* Then the colony will go ahead, naturally, instead of progressing artificially, till the end comes. Sir John was quite right to accept what was offered. What's the good of seeking the unattainable? The manager of Sir John's " land branch " of the colony's business asks him is he prepared to explain his action away when he comes home. I don't think any explanation will be needed. The 1000 will rave and the 159,000 will rejoice I do think it was too bad the trick played by the "sharp and astute" one upon his neighbor the " Maiden Lady." The blunder of the Telegraph officials in sending to him the old girl's 900 words message, about the Menzies fire was bad enough in all conscience, but the unscrupulous use of it in his own columns, instead of sending it on to the proper owners might be excusable in a Holywellstreet half-penny daily, but not in a place where the ordinary decencies of journalism are supposed to be observed. Doubtless the excuse put forward is, or will be, that the " sharp and astute" one couldn't tell that the message was not for his paper. Such an excuse wouldn't hold water among newspaper chaps. Every sub-editor knows at a moment's glance at a telegram, whether it is from the paper's own correspondent. The poor Maiden Lady not having the sense to keep silent, no matter at what cost must needs blurt the joke out, though it told so awfully against herself. Now a number of people are laughing at the Maiden. Lady.. The telegraph operator, or whoever made the blunder, will not be made to suffer- This sort of idiot-always gets off scot free. The dear old girl's repor— representative, went down the river .on a "penny boat" the other day to try some Collie coal which had been dug up for the occasion and sent on board. Here is how the repor— representative described one phase of the proceedings : " The company eat at meat during the greater part of the return trip." Isn't it lovely ? "Sat at meat" is advanced journalism if you like. So original too, in describing the circumstance that the people on board had some tucker. Sat at meat 11 When I look over the list of names and find "among those present" (W. A. password) they were mostly the S.O.C., I am ready to affirm that they may have sat at meat for a little while, but they eat at drink for a much longer period. It is satisfactory to learn from the lips of the gentlemen who " sat . at meat'' and drink, most of whom Were directors or shareholders of Collie coal promotions, >andj therefore quite impartial* that the Collie coal;burnt in the furnaces of the " penny boat" more than fulfilled the expectations of everybody. It is now fondly hoped that some of the coal companies will go to work and send up some coal by the rail- * way which has just been built for their gratification, but whi&^iwi.Jktf--' •' doesn't appear to have any coal ready to put into its trucks. !:v The line, however, .was built .with other people's money, SO who the devil cares ? Certainly , not; the GermMi whisky-retailer who is chairman <f directors of one of the most enterprising of the coal companies, although, somehow, it hasn't any coal ready. But it will have—some day. Wh^t a marvellous change is coming about in British feeling with respect to leading principles ol " trade unionism," eh ? I wrote months since that the signs were in the air. Who would have* thought before the engineers' strike that the • rebellion against the most brutal and stupid tyranny the world has ever seen, or is likely to see, the tyranny of trades unionism, would have so quickly reached a culminating point. What person, or what body of persons, two yeais ago would have had the courage t» propose remedial legislation ? Now a bill is being prepared to put betore the Home Parliament, making it a penal offence to pic ket any place or factory during a strike. Once violence and intimidation aie summarily suppressed, the power for evil, which seems to be the raison d'etre of modern trade unionism, dies a prompt death. In its debacle it brings with it that powerful army of loafers called agitators, at whose doors lie so much of the misery tngendered •of sens< lrss strikes. After these noxious creatures have been thrown to the vio ves, after their hearts have been btok< n by the awful thought of having t<> g" to woik ag^in, the completion <»1 the great < I ject becomes mere ma Iters' < f time ^nd detail. A new trades unionism, a unionism •of peace HI d honest labor, a unionism which shall pull with, not a tug-ofagainst capital, will be inaugurated, and who kiows but tl at with it may •come tlit dawn < f a nt w tra, one of universal, ec< n- mic and social peace. Break the agitator—everything else follows. Another measure to be brought before iht- " House" is the enforced registrati« n of trade unions, so that the funus cannot be tis«-d for trade wars, in < ther words, f< r purely strike purp ses. If on y one-thiid of ihe money wasted dmiig the past twenty-five years in English- ppe^kii g countries, in deliberately pro\eking strikes, had been sjet<t in preventing them, the aggregattd wealth <1 the unions •would have made thetn a powerful lever with which to move the whole world. I felt sure, some time since, and wrote that ** trade unionism " had got it on the solar plexus. Practically, it is already <Jea-. A new and better trade unionism will rise from its •ashes. I trust the Yankee Jingoes will not •drive the United States into a war with Spain. I thiik President McKiniey is too levt 1-headed to be led into a false and untenable position by a clamorous few, who would promptly cachfe themselves when the conscription started in A wave of popular feeling is often very difficult and sometimes impossible to stem, but there are not at present any indications of such a wave. ' The dodge of printirg daily newspapers with red ink as a means of incitii g a war feeling is worthy <pf a Paris mob, but it is ho totally opposed to English (which after all are American) ideas, that 1 fancy the •only sufferers will be the proprietaries of the gasconading j. urnals, red ink being much more expensive than black. Besides, under what pretext could a power ul nation go to war with a broken-down one like S| ain ? What justification could the United States find in so wanton an act ol aggression? It is pretty certain that the blowing up of the " Maine" was the result of some act of carelessness from within, but even supposing it was due to an explosion <<f a submarine mine, there is nothing to show the act was wilful. In any case it could not be construed into a casus belli. It's all very well to pretend and proclaim that the desire to see Cuba free is at the bottom of the American movement. As a fact this is only a pretext. There is not a single bond of sympathy between the two peoples, and outside the filibustering gangs, and these only for the almighty dollar's sake, there is no one cares a hang whether Spain sits on her recalcitrant colony or not. It doesn't matter an empty pill-box whether Spain governs the Cubans or the Cubans g >vern themselves. They're pretty much alike, and as the island is to have autonomy, you only need to hang on a few years to see as many abuses in Cuba under the Cubans as there have been under the Dons. If the United States really wants to annex the island it ought to say s » straight out and not permit any section of its people to force it into hostilities on false and valueless issues. For myself I don't believe there is a hundred to one chance of a war between the two nations. That hard, matter- of-fact, ctearheaded official, the Under-Treasurer, who never indulges in sentiment, who never boasts of the future, but who simply deals with the logic of the present, issued his statement of receipts for February on Tuesday. The story he tells us is not a pleasant one, and it amply confirms my vaticinations of September, Octo ber, and November. last year, during which I dilated at some length on the fiightful waste of public monies going on in all direction* in face of a very gloomy look out in the shape of a largely reduced income. Here is the position :— Receipts for Feb., 1697, ... £320,241 6 10 Receipts for Feb., 1898, ... 238,967 18 5 Decrease ... ... £87.278 12 5 The falling off in customs receipts, over £13,000, ensues as a matter of course on the infamously high duties placed on the necessaries of life and some of the comforts. The consuming power of the overtaxed population is much less, and the Customs revenue i , therefore, bound to suffer before any other source of income. But that our boasted, much belauded but altogether wretched, inferiorandmost damnablerailwaysshould show a decline of nearly ^42,000, compared with February of last year, is really an eye opener for the farmer, who manages them for the patron saint of Western Australia. Some months since, you will remember, I offered to bet him my city property that his estimate foJ the current financial year would be dead out. He has yet four months to account fur, and during that period unless Saint John works another misae'e, the figures will continue their steady downward progress. Of course, it doesn't matter t'> the Department. The General Manager jaunting about the world, got his rise of ^300 for what, the good God only knows, so did a hundred other officials. If, therefore, the revenue of the department declines to a point below expenditure, the in- creased salaries will be paid all the same. It's only public money, you know. I tell the farmer Commissioner again, as I told him months since, that his department is going to be knocked kite high unless he alters his system, radically too. He will soon experience the mental worry incidental to the process of what is known as "making ends meet," and we shall see how he enjoys it. In the face of the gloomy financial outlook, the forthcoming raree show of tlvse mysterious creatures called by W.A. Boer naturalists " Producers," will witness the presentation and discussion ot some forty odd resolutions upon every subject from a suggested bonus of 4d per lb on butter to free postage stamps to Agricultural societies. I begin to fancy the "producer" must be a newly discovered species of human vampire, for not content with draining the life blood of the bodies of the consumers of the colony, they now want to batten on the corpses. Nearly every resolution embodies a proposition to get a further quart or so out of the fast drying up animal, the old Government cow Not content with the huge sums thrown away on presumably the same genus, the so-called farmer, these producers want more of the puolic money wasted on them. I think the time has arrived when those over-driven cowardly animals the public will be goaded to turn. When it does, woe to the drovers. 