ABIEL DRkKE'S WIFE [By JOIN SAUNDERS.] CIiAPTIER Vii. (Continued) 'It's her shocking ignllorance that presses her. Till she caine here, 'she did not know her true state: now she does. That's ill.' * But my dear Miss Feathterstonc luaugh, don't you tliink ihat. evenCCI if this be so, we had belter 'iy the easier remedy first V Could we not spaLre l'r burnt "5 little oftener ? 1 know it snilht a li tile inconvrenience you.' 'Lcave it to me,' was iho prompt answer. 'Let lher go out as of!en :is you like. Of comsce the poor thing must ]iave some rclaxation. I will see to Poppy and everything else. Let her go every evening, by all meains.' Airs. Wolcoumbe shook lcher head with a smile, as she said : 'You have too kinld a heart, Miss Featherstonelihaugl, to get on in tlhim world. Every evening ! Why, she would rouse the jealously and dislike of all the people in the house towards her. O, no, that will never do. IBut I wil speak to lher at once, and tell her of your offer.' She found Ilarbaa ill the nuursery, and she sasw her hastily draw hlier halnd across her eyes, als slle became aware of her presence. ' Barbara,' said Mrs. Wolcombe, go ing up to her, and laying her halind on her shoulder, xwhile she gazed anxious 1y into the half-averted face-' Bar balra. you are not happy. If there is anythinig I can dlo to make you more comnfortable, tell me.' ' O, no, no ! You hIave been only too ]kind to me already, ma'amn,' answered 3uarbara, turriing awaly her head. 'But listen ; I have somethling to propose to you. You are out of spirits; people will get out of spirits some timlnes, even vlien they can see no par ticiular occasion. I know I do. You must not think I am going to confer an3" puirticular favour, for there is no ihing of the kind intended. It is a mere maltter of justice, I tell you. You do so much more for me than Martha did, that something is due to you in return. It is early yet to talk of ani in crease of wnges; but there is one thing xee celn do-we can spare you oftener to go home, if you would like it. Miss Featherstonelhaugh offered most gen crously to help, and she and I have arranged to tlake your work, sa3' for a couple of evenings weekly.' The old bright flush of youthful pleasure thflt instantly, overspread' D~rbara's face, told Mrs.r .Wolcdmbe how accurately she had (so. fat) hit the m:ark. 'You would like it then ?' she con tinued:. ' O, mt'an, ye are too good to .me,' said Barbara, in a trembling voide.: I wanted to ask you this, but I didna like; for-' Airs. Woucocmbe waited, out iBarbara had stopped abruptly, as:if conscious her thoughts were escapingtoo, far from her own control. Mrs. Wolcombe was now more nuzzled than ever. There was- evidently more in that clad surprise-that grateful flush t;,'i6frenwulcus tone-and that sudden pause, ianm could be explained by ;a desire foI home society, or by the an ticipation'of meieting a mother some what more frequently. IHowever, she fell back upon her usual recourse to \wait and walch ; so withi a smile and nod she went away, saying, as she iurned for a moment at the door : ' t is not. very late yet. Go at once, if you like, and tell your mother -vhat we have settled.' As soon as Aids. Woleomibe had gone away, Barbara walked rapidly to and fro; then stopped, with eyes bent on the floor, in deep thought. H?er brow grew contracted, her lips compressed. Presently she looked up with a smile of strong resolution playing about her lips; then her hands, whiter than' of old, but still rough enough to do, without flinching, much hard work, if it should be required of them, clasped each other firmly, while she said: 'lEigh,-but I can, an' will!' She said no more, but just took a parting look of the sleeping Poppy, kissed the tfny hands that lay crossed outside the coverlid, ran upstairs to her room, put on her bonnet and shawl, and, after taking something from her box, which she hid under her shawl, again de scended the stairs. As she passed out through the .plantation, the village clock sounded nine. so slie quickened her pace across the green. The sleepy sheep, who were beginniing to gather in little groups, hardly troubled themn selves to move out of her way, as if they saw how wrapt she was in her own thoughts. On comiing to a low thicket, she laid her little parcel on the grass, and began to gather some of the white and pink wild roses which climbed through and overhung the bushes. This she did in uL quick, busi ness-like way, as though she lhad an object in so doing. She added a few pale blackberry blossoms, a spray of honeysuckle, which she Teached with difliculty, but found so sweet when it was got that she was glad of the trou ble and delay it had cost ler; and then a circling border of daisies, in which. however, cach flower kept its petals tightly closed up, as though feeling it had no business to be meddled with at such untimely hours. Lastly, she in sinuated into the centre the stems of some bearded grass, letting a few of tile tips drop over in soft, feathery plnmes, while others stood straightly up, tall ind .spire-like. Then she tied .iher little nosegay with a piece of the tough-stalked convolvulus-like flowers she found bordering the path, took iup her parcel, and began to run to make up for lost time. She soon passed the pond and the draw-well where Job was sitting, letting a child feed him out of its tin mug, and teach him how to eat its slice of brei ad and utter, the sly fellow pretending to be un commonly amused by the whole pro ereding. 'What, Job!' exclaimced Barbara, 'has thl' prophlecy come true at last, that soom day yc'd gctten too lazy to eat?' Job didn't seem to like the joke at first, or perhaps it took him time to iundelcrstand it; but presently he burst out with a loud 'JIaw! haw! haw!' Ilarbara now reached the row of cottages wvhere her mother lived; but inSlCtead of going .in, she1 struck of. in quite another direction. to a spot where stood an old manor-house, that had sulnk by degrees from one social rank to another, till at last it had be conie the habitation of two washer women, who occupied the lower rooms anld let out all the upper ones to a?, maern' labouirers, mill haImds, aud .to onue or Inwo families, which, though equally poor. enjoyed mre social consider tion among time villoagers. Unrbara opened the door that led to the apartmionct she sought, and imme diately closed it jfter her, as though to escape observation. The ray of dim light which found its way through the r'ound hole over the door, just enabled her to see thle stlirs, where she heard a sound of scrubbing; and where, is she ascended, she soon came to a pail, willh a pair of feet dlirected towards her. Blarbutra smiled as she found her self stopped for a mnoment, and saw the red, stoclkingless heels stuck out a goodl way ifrom ilhe slippers into which tile toes were thrust, learving them flallpping ineak atit every energetic mnove tloleti of their owter's iarlns. 'Evelina!' said Barbara, Irying not to .frighlten tile girl, who had a par tieular horror of "ghostesses" in dark piltoes; but the sounid of lier voice was lost in the hissing noise which the girl kept up, and whichl seemed to be a ltiud of imnitattion of that madi e by grooms when cleaning their horses. So Barbara platced hier land gently on the girl's shouldel,, saying quickly: 'Evelins, is No. f at home?' Evelina, u dirty, red-ftced beauty, looked out of temper, and gave Blar barna no other answer than might be afforded by remioving herself andl pail to one side, so that :Barbara migillt plass. Barbara stepped. on quickly, and isctended to the very top of the house, wlhere the stairs grew more niarrow and steep at every ilight. Yet niotwitthslandiing the height, the place lhad a daimlp, iunwholesome, well-like odour, that chilled Barbara, though she did niot remember to have ever ilo tited it before. Was Coppeshatll spoil ing lher for the life of the pioor? she counltnot help isking herself, as she knocked at No. i. 'Is that you, Evelini? Comne in,' uttered a rather feeble, high-pitched man's voice from vithin. Barb:ara gently lifted the iatch of the door anid entered the room. It was so fuJll of smoke tlhat, at first, sihe could discern nothilng but the ruddy glow'of the fire. Gradually, however, as some of the smoke passed out at the open door, and as hlier eyes became used to tile itungent aitmosphere, the whole place became? faintly visible. It was a large, low-roofed attic, with one corner partitioned oilff fromt the rest by an old paper screen. The floor was bare, except just it the fireplace, vwhere a squcare piece of dingy carpet -id duty for a rug. On this stood a table, cdvered by au old red cloth, which did not fall low enough to con coal its thin, dirty-white legs, half scratched avway in parts by tihe old tabliy cat, wlvich was now curled lit beneath it asleep. Just under the single window, whiclc commtainded a delicious prospect of tlhe neighbour ing counttry, and btought vividly home to Barbara tlhe contlr!st between the world without aind tmhe world within, stood an old couch, and slpon it, prop pied up by pillows, lay the figure of a .woman. Iler head was thlrown back upon the pillow; and though the face, which was a little raised, bore markl s of great ago and long suffering, there was ani expression of almost childish sweetness upon it just now, which would, Barbara knew, when she woke, chllallge to one of mental vacancy. 'Her wits wur a'most gone' was the com mon expression, and it summed up for thle poor old lady the last stage of her long career. A man's great coat, drawn up to her chin, lay across her, and seemed, with its helpless-looking arms, to testify at once the affection and the impotence of him who was now her sole support. Barbara's eyes were seeking for that otlher figure which she had always been naccustomed to see here, and it emerged thlrough the slnoke at last. It was that of a very small aud pre maturely aged man, who might not have reached his fortieth year, but who looked 60. HIe was sitting on the edge of a brokein-backed chair, with his elbows on his knees, and his fiace resting in his hands. IHe seemed to be merely watching the smoke as it issued from the grate, and wreathed upwards in strange miid fastastic forms. Hlie was dressed in neat. but rusty black, and wore a very white neckcloth, tied in a precise little bow. The firelight, every now aind then. illuminated powerfully lis 'face. it was long, thin, and pale, and his blue eyes were filled with a kind of melan choly intelligence, as they rested upon those luxuriant smoke- wirealhs, lar hara had niot seen him for a long time, and she was deeply touched by his as pect. She knew aL little of his hilstory, and could guess at the kind of thoughts tlat made his lips quiver every now and thlen as with an awk ward attemnpt a t a smile, and which was sure to end in a heavy, long drawl sigh. Perhaps hlie was thinking of his childhood, or of his youth. His?s childhoodl! Alas, the picture of that boy-feeble in body3, and feeble in mind, kIept by a harsh father and an. ambitious mother, poring over his books from morning to night, could scarcely raise even a ghost of a smile. His youth ! Are you looking at that, Isanac Sleigh . Are youll thinking of your college days ? Do you see your self again whiinng thlat one 'honour' -small enough, and hardly struggled for, but still creditably won at last ? Or is it the companiolis you look after, who then so cheered you by ex pectations of a future that all alike afterwards forgot they had promised to aid in attaining for you ? Or do ,ou remember that day-thalt white day-that great lday-when you were introduced to the Bishop, and actually haid the honour of giving him your ari--for hlie iwas somewhat corpulent to go alone-and of walkihig down the High Street with him-and of an swering his condescendiing questions about your future prospects ? Ah, Isaa-c, thou wert giddy, thou must Swn, after that walk with the Bishop; andil forgot stmrangely 'thy parents' humble condition, thy own powers, and the nature of the world thou wast living in. Well, well, thou hast.,paid a heavy penalty for all mistakes. No wonder thou hast asked thyself some times with a strange spirit of incre dulity, was tht young scholar, that supported the tottering steps of episcopacy in the face of the world, the same man as Isanac Sleigh, school master and parish clerk of 13arden Brow, with a salary of fifteen shillings a week! ,.To be Continued. 