DISILLUSIONISED. [By Emo.— Fob the 'HeEAU).'] CHAPTER IL In reply to O'Farrelft stem demand for in exnUnagon, the woman paid irmly, ' I cannot tell you, Phillip. Have yon mfficient faith in me to believe me when [ tell you that the man lying at your feet is nothins to me. that I hire never ?werved from my allegiance to you. But look ! he is recovering from your croel blow ; if he will allow me speak I will '^be' was going towards the fallen nan when her husband sternly commanded her to keep back. . . „. ? j 'Bnngsome brandy, quick, he ordered When his wife appeared with the brandy, OFarieU filled a tumbler and held it to the man's lips. who. as he re vived under the influenoe of the raw Uqoor, aat ud and stared at the man who had struck him. . , 'Get up, and sit on that chair,' said O'Farrell, pointing to an armchair near where he had fallen, ' There is something between you and my wife, what is it ? ' ' I cannot tell you, it U more than my life is worth. Bot give me a week s grace to get out of this, and I give her liberty to ' Ifhat the devU is this mystery, Emily? You say you will explain it he will allow you to speak, and be says you can tell me when hecleare out.n I will have the truth now at once, or ? ' LiBten.rhiUip, wait for a weekjOS he desires. You are wronging me. There is something between that man and I, but I cannot explain this to you now. Let him go, I give you my word he or I have not wronged you,' pleaded the woman. ' Once more, I demand from you both the explanation due to me, or by heavens There was a fall; the stranger had fainted. .... . The woman rushed over to bis side, and kneeling down lifted his bead, and begged O'Farrell to bring some water. . \- Tell me firat who be it, and what he is ?^1 tell you I cannot explain without he releases me from a sacred promise.' 'Then stay with your lover,' said O'Farroll, bitterly, and turned to leave the room. Quick as the lightning flash the woman mm. And said nassionntelr— ' Go ; for by the God above me I shall never willingly look upon your face again. There,' she cried, pulling off her wedding ring, and crushing it beneath ber feet, ' leave me with the man you call my lover. In half an bour be and I will have left you roof for ever.' ? 'So he is your lover tnen, -sneered O'Farrell, who was now fully convinced that be had been deoetved. ? ' My lover or not. you will never know from my lips what he is to me.' O'Farrell waited to hear no more, but trended by the horrible suspension which had now become a certaiuty, be struck her to the ground and left bis home for ever. They were two fooU. She was a fool for holding her tongue, and be was a fool for believing her guilty. There was another fool, but be was a fool of another sort. He was lying on the floor in a heap. That made three foole, material enough for a drama. CHAPTER III. How the deuce O'Farrell got to the back blocks of Queensland he never 'mi life blasted, as be thought, by the infamy of the woman he had worshipped, be went partners with King Alcohol, and was never sober enough for six months after the supposed denouement to recollect where he was. [- Druvk he went on board a snip et rly mouth, drunk all the way to Plymouth, drunk when he drifted out to the bock country, and he only sobered up because he had no more money. Stranded in a way back town, and half - demented for want of brandy, O'Farrell was in a Ud way. The manager of Thur lugoonuh station noticed him loafing about the township, and offered to send him out to one of the out stations to help fix up some fences. Hctook the job. Bv sendimr to bis bankers in England he could have obtained remittances, and might have made a new name for himself in a new country. But liis energy and ambition were gone never to roturn. And he, fool that be was, didn't care, or didn't even try to care what the future bud in store for him. A woman's supposed treachery had converted handsome, dashing Pbillip O'Faircll into a gloomy outcast. He had joined the lion't-Care Brigade, whose headquarters are anywhere, and their Commander-in-chief King Alcohol. Queer lot those follows. You knock up against them eometimes on a mining field, but they mostly like to getaway ana bide themselves in the great lonely Bush. Thm- iinror m»flf. for drill, andtuereare no regulations, no brigade fees, no uni form or badge, no member ever made the acquaintance of another willingly, and they only open their mouths to drink. They lire gbostt, not men. Each ghost bos a history, but the history is seldom told. A year passed, and O'Farrell was still on ThurLigoonah. After be bad helped to nut the fences in good order he asked the uoft» to give him a job on one of the out stations where he would have no one to speak to but the crows. '- What's your trouble, old man ;' said the boss kindly, for he had somehow got to like the silent stronger. 'No business of yours, anyhow' re plied O'Farrell, roughly, 'If you've got work to give me l'U take it, but I'm not asking for sympathy.' 'AH right. Go up to the storekeeper, and tell niiu to make yon up a month's ratious, and get away to Uooma as soon as you like. You can take a couple of ueddies with you, and keep those fences a:- out there. If you run against any ear skins send Tommy iu to report.' Next morning O'Farrell and 1'ommy, a sharp half caste, started off for Booma, a bit of an out-station belonging to Thur Isgooii b. Somoiiuies a jwrty -£ drovers would pass through Booma, and camp near O'Fum-H'tt hut. He di'i'ut seek their society more than be could boll), but they would insist npon him shoring a bottle of ram and having a hand of cards. He liked the rum, but he didn't want to talk or gamble. However, as be couUu'i get the ram unless he made some concessions, be would have a game or two, and would then sneak off. Poor devil ! be bad thrown away bis life because he thought the woman had played him fake ; and no woman was ever worth crying over. But to some men the world only con tains one woman. If she smiles on them, they are all right. Let ber frown ? poor fools! CHAPTER IV. Let us skip back to England, and call on Emily O'F«rreU, She bad long repented of ber silence on (hat memorable evening. The man in whose arms she lay when OTaj-rell appeared ofun tbe euene was a scapegrace brother, who had forged bis father's name, and been found out. Tbe stern old father bad no mercy, and issued a warrant for the son's arrest The youngster akipved, and was taking a farewell of bis Aster when O'Farreil appeared. O'Farrell bad never seen (his brother, for the voongtter had beta awayon the continent for some years, but he Knew of the forgery, although bit wife had only io«t learnt the fact from her brother' lip*. The brother and eider were much attached to each other, although they had never seen each other for years. He had implored ber ta keen his identity secret, and she did so, with what result the reader knows. He went over to France, got into a quarrel in a gambling den, and was ehot dead. Exit fool No. L She was anxious to find ber husband, and implore hisforgivenese, so aha engaged the aervbes of BUI Ferret, die coteat detective in London, and after much trouble he run O'FarreU to earth at Hwrlasooaah. He cud not want to alarm his man by tellins him that he bad been discovered. w be just returned to Brisbane am oaniea Ear the woman to come out by the next boat In ? few weeks Emily O'FarreU and Ferrettwere making towards Booma be. nind a sparkling foor-in-band, driven by the manager of Thurlagoonab. She found O'Farrell in his but-dead. He bad got toed of shooting crows and lingoes, and bunted for bigger game— himself. Exit fool No. 8. She did not cry. She just went op to the body and looked into the still white face of the ghost of the man she had wed. ' That's my work,' she muttered. I killed him.' Turning to the two men who had waited outside, she aaid quietly, ' Leave as to ffetbor They went oat, and left ber alone with When they had gone she shut the door, and took up the revolver which laid by the side of the bunk. One barrel only bad been discharged. Womanlike, she was going to make matters worse. , , Leaning over tbe body, she placed the muule to ber forehead and pulled the trigger. Exit fool No. 3. Three fools in a row. Strange thing, sex. Queer animals, men and women. [TUB EM).] 