" THE ÜOTE1AST. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL. ARRANGEMENT, Wild Eelin: Her Escapades, AdYentnres, and Bitter Sorrows. I ' BY WILLIAM BLACK. * Author-of 4 A -Daughter of Heth." "A Princesa , of \- Thule,'' "Madcap Violet," "Ia Far ? Lochaber," j "White Heather," "Stand Fast, Cralg-Royston," [ "Hlgfhland Cousins," etc., etc. (Copyright.). CHAPTER mi Ho Youngr, My Lord, and True.. "I am good, I am beautiful, ¿nd I am modest," said Wild Eelin.. entering -the roam, "but lt ia a cruel and a wicked world, and-1 am not appreciat ed." She took a big, black, green-eyed tom-cat from" her shoulder, and threw it on to a couch. ."Beelzebub, if you have no further news for me from tho place below, -1 have -no. further usé. for you--oho.;!-away, impostor!" And then aha turn ed to her mother, who-was reading a newepaiper. '^Mother, I am going into the;town; do you want anything sont out?" ' - -. . She was a young girl of aibout nineteen or twenty, hardly over middle.height, of slim, and grateful figure, and of .unmistakably Highland aspect-Highland. in the blear whiteness of her skin, that had .rather .over than under its due cf ' rose-leaf tint in the ' caeeka; but above all Highland in her large, liquid', lustrous, deep blue eyes, that, set about with their dark eyelashes, were of a quite indescribable loveliness-they weera ed to suggest somehow the wild and strange beauty o-f a moonlight night at sea. Perha>pa her straight nose and full and finely-cut mouth might have lent something imperative and comanondlng to her appearance; but she was not», quite tall enough for that; besides, she wtes young-younger even than her years ; and then again her general expression seemed to say of her that her li ©art was wholly rippling over with laughter, and frollc aomenesa, and the abundant delight of living. With three or four Inches added to her stature, and with a dozen years added to her age, eho might have posed as a sibyl; as things were well, she was 'just Wild Eelin, as her companions often called her, through her Gaelic- speaking friends had a finer name for her than that. To them she was "Eelin of the sea-blue eyea.". For the rest, sha was dressed with extreme simplicity and neatness, her blouse being of the Macdonald tartan; and the circular silver brooch she wxire at her neck was not set with any precious stones; it .merely had these three words engraved on lt, "The Eagle's Craig"-'Wihich. is the slogan of the Macdonalds of Kinvaig. Her mother glanced upward from the paper. * She . was a slight, silver-haired, sweet-voiced lady, who mayhap looked all the more fragile, and delicate, and timid in contrast with the robuster oolor and brave demeanor of her daughter. \'J . "Really, Eelin," she said, in almost piteous tonea, "I must protest--" "What is it now, mother!" "I have just been reading the last of these 'White Cockade' novela. Really- really, Eelin, you don't seem to know the-lengths you're going. Why, you are openly making love bo this young man!" - - - ? "He is not a young -man, mother," ©he responded, with much placidity. "He is a phantom-a ©host \--a wandering voice! I hâve not even seen him in dreams; I meet him only in the columns of the Invernish. 'Observer,*- published every Saturday, price one penny." "You don't appear to understand!" remonstrated the anxious mother. "Behind all this farrago of moonllgiht walks, and pretended correspondence, and assignations, there is-Is an actual person; and you have no means of knowing who or what that person may be." "An actual person!-a common and ordinary person!-why, mother, he's not a person at all he's a poet! And you .want me to stop"giving him that little blt of encouragement and approval for which every poet pines ! How can you be so cruel! And another'thing, look., at the conse quence of suppressing a poet? Have'you' ever thought of the awful'consequences of suppressing a poet? He might" burst!" "I dare say he knows perfectly well who you are, if you. don't know who he is," continued the mother; "and sooner or later there will be an introduction, brought about by somebody-there is always that possibility; and then what will you have to say?" For answer the young lady walked up to a large scroll framed and hung on the .wall-a genealogical tree with its wide-spreadinghranches dott'ed all over with white circular spots like so many sixpenny-hits; and with her forefinger pointing; she began'at the base of the stem,'pro ceeding gradually upwards, and, proudly naming one name -after another. "Somerled, Thane of Argyle; .married the daughter of the King of the^Isles- Reginald, King of. the Isles-Donald,..Lord of the, Isles', 1214-An gus, Lord of the Isles-Alexander, Lord of the Isles-Angus, Lord of the Isles-Angus Og, Lord of the. Isles-John, Lord of .the Isles-Ranald of Dunluce-Aeneas Gorm Macdonald, of Kinvaig Donald Macdonald of Kinvaig-Alasdair Glas Macdonald of Kinvaig-Lewis Macdonald of Kin vaig-Somerled Macdonald pf Kinvaig-Ranald John Macdonald of Kinvaig-and more-and more; and all of them kin and sib to Klnlochmol dart, and Keppoch, and Glencoe, and Glengarry; and youJask me, their descendant, to be afraid of meeting face to face some young divinity student -some lawyer's clerk-some . town-councillor's son-whatever or whoever he may be! Ybti for get, mother. If I am not 'the daughter of a hundred Earls' I am the daughter of a thousand Thanes; and hy the Red Book of Clanranald I fear no mortal man!" She dropped" her heroics. "Mummie, darling, the fact is, you are a hen with only one chick, and you keep cluck-clucking when there's no danger about at all. I don't see the slightest chance of my ever meeting this young gentleman who writes the pretty verses. They'll keep my secret safe enough at the 'Observer' Of fice. And- even if I were to meet him some day, what would happen? I have a small grain cf common sense. I'm not nearly such a fool as I look. So you get ria of all that unnecessary alarm, my dear,T sweet, excellent mother; and teU me what you want ordered in invernisk for fvê a lot of things to do before dlrmer-time.'' And, taus lt was that a little wml$ thereafter Misa Eelin Macdonald of Kjnvaig (alas! chere now Íemalned to ¿tem nothing of Kinvaig save the tyle §fíd tltlé àôçoràea theta in courtesy by friends and nelgabôrâ") vfaf niâfching briskly alolté ttíé banks of the wide find full-flo^dng rfvieí dh this èttil,^eea:SçfuÎ ähd gold$E AükWt attöraöön". Sae croEsoa the vibrating sujponsioi bridge; abe continued ber way by the side of the -stream; then abe climbed the steep Castle-hill, and had a casual look round at tba diatant moun tain : rangea, from the ethereal. Mealfourvonië ia the south of the darker Ben Wyvls in the north; and finally she went oh and into the town, to exe cute her mother's connussions. But when these had all been got through, she" found herself (aa she had planned) with a little timé of her own; and so, to begin with, she went into a small gro cer's shop. ! "A pound of tea, Mrs Pordyce, and two pounds - of sugar; and as. quick as you can, please, for I'm rather in a hurry." .The big,, buxom, .goód-naturéd-looklng woman behind the counter seemed more inclined ,to pause and have a chat with Miss Ee'Mn .than to- dis patch her business; and so she had. again to be i urged. I "And how much will that come to?" ... ! "One and eightpence, If ye please. Miss Eelin." The girl took out. her purse, and searched all through it. *.'-'.'. "Dear me," she said, "how stupid! I have .only got one and sixpence halfpenny with me. You'll just have to take out some of the tea, Mrs. For dyce." 'Tm sure you'll not be wanting to affront me, Miss Eelin," said .the big, soft-featured woman, who appeared to be of a sensitive temperament. "When you>know that anything in the shop ia at your service-and no question of money at all!" "Well, well, Mrs. Fordycè," said the young lady,, blithely, "If you carry on your shop on senti mental principles of that kind, I wonder how long you'll have a roof over your bead. But I'll owe you the three-halfpence-I' won't ask you to .open the packet-for I want to get along at once to old Granny Sinclair." "Ay, I thought it was something of that kind," said Mrs. Fordyce, with a smile. "And you'll just owe me three-halfpence until I ask you for it. Miss Eelin." Miss Eelin now left the shop, went quickly along to another thoroughfare, passed up a narrow entry, ascended a stair, and knocked at a door and opened it. Apparently she knew her way well, for the next minute found her in a small and rather dusky room'the sole occupant of which was a shrivelled little old woman, who lay huddled up in a dilapidated rocking chair. The window at which she sat looked out upon a courtyard -above the high wall of which some rowan trees andi polars showed-their sunlit foliage almost motion less against the. flecked blue and white of the sky; but she was not regarding these; she had beea helplessly staring at her brown and bony fingers, clasped in her lap, until the arrival of this visi tor had suddenly aroused her attention. "Well, Granny," said the new comer, in her buoyant and matter-of-fact fashion, "has there been no one looking in for a moment to cheer you up, on this fine afternoon?" \- "I've just been wearyia' for ye. Miss Eelia," said , the old woman, in a quavering voice, "and wonderin' hour by hour whether ye would come. It's a long, long day, now that they're, keeping Jean so late; sometimes it's near 10 o'clock before she gets home." "Well, I'm going to make you a cup of tea now," continued Miss Eelin, briskly, "and we'll pull your chair back a bit, and open the window, to freshen the air, you know ; and I see your cushion is all slouched down-you must let me help you over to the bed until I get things put straight; and it there's any fire in the kitchen we'll soon have some hot water-" And thereupon she set busily to work; and that with a wise motherliness, and dexterity, and tact beyond ail praise. If in outward seeming she was even younger than her years, in her judgment, her sagacity, her patient tolerance of weakness or stu pidity, her good-humored dealing with fractious tempers, she was a grown woman of quite excep tional gifts and qualities. Perhaps, indeed, her very youthfulness-or that appearance of fresh and light-hearted youthfulness-stood her in good stead. People who otherwise might have been in clined to stand on their rights and dignities (which are jealously guarded among certain sections ol the poorer classes) became more amenable when it was only a mischief-loving, whimsical, domi neering slim, slip of a girl who was determined on having her own way. In her home and out of it this domineering had come to be a recognised kind of thing; everyone, or nearly everyone, sub mitted to it; who was going to take Miss Eelin too seriously, and run all the unimagined risks of offending her and quarrelling with her? -But sometimes the timid and apprehensive mother thought of the future-and of a future that might be near. And on this occasion the intruder forthwith toole upon herself the entire control of the little dwell ing and its solitary occupant too; she got the bot water and made the tea; she laid the cloth; she went to the cupboard and brought out . what re mained of a cold leg of'mutton-(that small joint had made a most desperate hole in Wild Eelln'fl finances-and all unknown to thé Beán-an-TIg bearn); she cut one or two thin and neatly-trimmed slices; she added some lettuce leaves, and sprinkled the same with pepper and salt and vine gar; she drew the old dame's chair close to. the table; she pulled the window-blind right to tho top, for a more cheerful light; and then she said . "Now, Granny, there you are. And what shall I read tb you while you're having your tea?" "Jean waB leaving me a paper there, but rm feart the print is getting to be too little for my old eyes-f' "This one, is it? Oh, tho -'Observer.' Ano! what would you like to hear about first-the Births, Deaths, and Marriages, I suppose "Maybe," said... old. TJranny Sinclair, "maybe there's something more about the young lass-her that was wearing the white rosette---" \- "Oh, the White. Cockade creature-why, you're not Interested in,her, surely!-" "Ay, but she's a smart lass, that one," said the old woman, with a dim sort of smile, for these comfortable things before her, had enlivened her ¿pirita somewhat-"ay, she has some spunk, tpafc one; ^nd who was telling her all tho ola stories and bow was abe knowing all about the '45 and tho wild men of Glenmoriston-" Miss Eelin burst" out laughing. - * _ "Granny, Granny, have you never guessed? Why, that's mel DonH you know "that I'm a gre«; authoress? I write poetry, and prose, and lois of other things ; and I'm going to write about you; I'm going to desoribe you as one of the notable hero Lies of the nineteenth century, because you fake everything that happens with suofc à brave fteart, and you never cofapiain- here ¡have, I been ii lae house nearly half an hour, and yotfve neva? even ifcéntionéd the pains in your back, whereàà ánybod^ $lse would have been ^rbaninff and whw* lng aaQ yaumetfug*. Have you never guessed-«» Îot even when you saw y*oÜr óV¿ recollections r>üt lió ¿ríntr* I ' - ' ' ' . ' " " "' ' Th« «ld dam« bad ceased stirring her te*; «lu looked stupefied. . ? . ' . "You, Misa Belia?-la it you?-ta it you that*« her that standes up for Prince Charlie?" "And.what no? Bring the ghost.of Lard. President Forbea before me this minute,, amt you'll heirthe talking I'll give him!" . - ''And-«nä-was it . youreelf !. that was listening \- for-Isabel Bheag nan Brecaig?"* . :-'V' ' "Why, Granny, that was one of your own tale»! It was you who told me of the Provost'e" murder, J and how little' Isabel happened to see the murderers at work, mid" how ehe gave information-r-that led \- to ber own murder; and- how her cries are-heard to this day when the evenings are still, along the woods 'thffre by tba river--' "And. wa you hearing them. Miss Eelin?" the \- old woman said, eagerly. -"Well-that" is to say-you know-the girl who signs heiself 'White Cockade' makes" some kind of pretence of having been listening-and of having beard ecirtthing; but I wouldn't believe too much, Granny, of what's in .the papers I myself never, beard Isabel Bheag nan Brecaig, though I've come j pose the woods many a time in the very stillest of evenings*, but then the girl in the 'Observer,' per haps she has more imagination than I have-and more time tu spend along the river-side." Theso mystifications seemed to puzzle old Granny Sinclair, and yet she would , keep thinking back to ! what ehe had bt-«n told of the young lass who in these dégénérât days had the courage to wear the Whit« Cockade. "Maybe," ehe said, "maybe I am net understand ing very veil. Mise Eelin. to.it youreelf. that waa walking throughout ther Islands, and there was the young- maa that would be there-to. read hi» books wér.» you seeing him?" "Bless me, .Granny, you're as bad as my mother!" the young lady cried, in an injured way. "How of -ten inu-st I te!! you that there's no real young man .-at's only a kind of ghost, you know--and so ie the girl^of the White Cockade, if it comse to that. It's all nonsense and make-believe. I don't know any. young mah. who haunts tba Islands-I don't indeed; the only person I know who is always there fs Mr. Jona*tjon the Keeper-Curator I would call him if I were th* Town-Council-poor man, he's about out of his mind just now with rheumatism in hie shoul der, and I am going along this vary evening with a new kind of embrocation to see if that'll do him any good. The idea that I would walk out to the Is lands-or aryvWhere else-to meet any young man---" "Bbs was seeing him, if they were not speaking," said the old dame, still vaguely thinking back. "Yes, yes, the Whit© Cockade girl! Don't you un derstand? The White Cockade girl may nave been np at the Islands, and may have ssen a young man pacing about under the trees, and reading a book; but that ia all nonsense-that is what they ' call a romance, and lt really doesn't exist. Come, Granny, you must put all these fancies out of your head though 'I'm afraid I am responsible for putting them into your head; and you muet take me to be just me, and nobody else; and you mustn't imagine I would go out to the Islands expecting to find any young man strolling about, whether he was a poet or only a common person. I should think not in deed! And here we've been ohatting, and chatting, and I haven't even read you the Birth«?, Deaths, and Marriages yet- so let's go to work!" But this gossip about the young lady of the White Cockade had occupied much "of her available time; and when she had finished the slow reading of the newspaper announcements-slow, so that Mrs. Sin clair might .recognise any familiar name-she found \- that she must hurry off home or be late for dinner. So she removed the tea-things; .she brought the big type Bible, which was the old Highlandwoman's easiest reading, and placed it on the table, along with her spectacles; she took up the cushion, and generally put things to rights.; and then, with many farewell admonitions, grave and gay, she took her departure, leaving behind her in the solitary little . room a prevailing atmosphere of thankfulness and satisfaction and content. When she got home, she .found she had only a few minutes In which to dress for dinner, but in \- this brief interval she managed to supplement her costume with a novel form of decoration. This was an oval plaque cast in lead, some three inches and a half by two and a half, and bearing the following legend in bold relief: PARISH OF HUNTLY, No/ 6.; It was, ia. fact, one of the badges granted in former days by certain parishes in Scotland to superannuated and deserving persons, licensing them to beg within prescribed boundaries. Miss Eelin slipped a bit of blue ribbon through the hole at the top; she fastened' the ribbon round her neck, so that the A beggar's warrant was suspended in front; and then she made haste down into the din ing-room, into which her mother had already pre ceded her. They were only the two of them at table; it was not often they had visitors. And at first the gentle, and placid, and smooth voiced Bean-an-Tlghearn did not not!ce; but pre sently her eye happened to light on that omninous Intimation and mute prayer. She knew what the dark medal meant. "Really,* Eelin," she said, in accents of hurt re monstrance, "I don't know what to make of you! Already?-and this only, tba -eighth, of the month! "What do you do with your pocket-money? I never see you buying the nick-nacks that othe#girls get for themselves; and yet your purea ls always empty. I don't understand lt, except that you are Incurably careless and extravagant." The culprit said not a word; doubtless she thought * vlbat silencs was her best policy. And, indeed, when the elder lady had made a sufficient show of annoy ance and reproach, she took out her purse, and selected a sovereign, and pushed it along the table cloth. That was the signal for Eelin of the wave blue eyes. In a second she had jumped to her feet, the-leaden medallion was thrown aside, and the next moment her arms were round her mather's neck, "Dearest mammie, you're just goodness itself! And I know, that money slips through my fingers; I don't believe it's made of silver, or gold, or copper at all; I believe it's made of the gossamer stuff you see on the hedges on the autumn morn Inge. But this Ume-rthis time there will be a difference! Sixpence by sixpence-sixpence by six pence; you will be fairly amazed at the lasting powers of thisTSbvereign ! . And thank you, dear little mother, again and again!" So that matter was happily settled But there were other adventures lying in wait for Wild Eelin before she had got through with this evening. ' (To be continued.) 