DOES THE THEATRE MAKE FOR GOOD ? ("St. .Tames" Gazette.") Sir. Clement Scott has been interviewed by air. Raymond Blathwayt ujxm the stage in general, and the result is about to be published in "Greiit Thoughts." And a very .startling result it is. Mr, Scott's answer to the question, " Does the theatre make for good V can. says Mr. Blathwayt, be summed up in the one word " No." The theatre, ns it stands io-day. is emphatically not one of the forces that make for righteousness, " If anyone I loved," said Mr. Scott to air. Blathwayt m a recent conversation, " insisted on going on the stage contrary to my advice, 1 should be terrified for her future, and hopeless for the endurance of our affection or even friendship. For stage life, according to my experience, has a tendency to deaden the finer feelings, to crush the inner nature of men and women, and to substitute artificiality and hollowness for sincerity and truth ; and mind you, I speak from an intimate experience of the stage, extending over 37 years. " Jt is nearly impossible for a woman to remain pure who adopts the stage as a profession. Everything is against her. The freedom of life, of speech of gesture, which is the/ rule beli'ipdf; the {•—•'•-'" curtain, renders — — it " qlitaost — ' impoSs;. sible ' for a woman to i^'eseiT^that simplicity of -manner which, js, after all. her greatest charm, v. . BfcV what is infinitely more to bedepjomb is that a woman who enfleavpu^Mo keep her purity is almost of necMr 3 foredoomed to failure in Her caifew£ It is an awful thing to say, and it is it h. more terrible that it is true ; but one who knows the life of the y#>;,o . Two WL-room will dare deny it. tliujggvl want to be made clear : / " l." That it is quite possible to lead a' good :iife on the stage. Thousands do,- . • " instance, is as good ^.wojftan as ever f o r lived. But the fact m a n v d o l e a d ^ l i v e s d o e s u o t remove the - great temptations . . . . . from the weaker brethren. " 2. That I am not a canting prig or a Pharisee, who makes broad his phylacteries, and says, ' Thank God, I am not as other men are.' The temptation of the stage is, and has been, quite as bad for me as for anyone else, if not worse. It would disorder any life and shipwreck any temperament, however religious-, to have your whole mind devoted to the showy and the alluring for thirty-seven years." Mr. Scott went on to speak of the insatiable vanity of actors. " You may lie in praise of an actress till your very soul is blackened: but once tremble in the confines of veracity, and your life is a burden to you from that hour. I have letters literally by the hundred here, which I ihave received during the last, thirty years, letters which are full of the foulest abuse, and which bear the names of some of the best known theatrical people of the day. How I could be revenged if I were to publish them !" " There is (Mi-. Scott continued) no school on earth so bad for the formation of character, or that so readily, so quickly, and so inevitably draws out all that is worst in man. or woman as the stage. And I think the English stage is the worst, for, as a matter of fact, the English are the least artistic people, and are more completely without the saving grace of humour than any nation in the world, and so the more readily make themselves ridiculous." Mr. Blathwayt suggested to Mr. Scott that the discussion might be turned upon the stage itself—that Is, the stage that the public sees. As to the problem play, Mr. Scott said :—" My contention is, that the play you witness on the stage after dinner should never exceed the limits of decency you allow at dinner. But the idea of the problem-play people appeals to be that the theatre Is a place where any nasty subject can be discussed without fear or shame. Take that infamous play of Ibsen's—' Ghosts,' What is a young girl to think of that ? .. . Ibsen fails because he is, I suppose, an atheist, and has not realised what the great backbone of religion means to the English race. He fails because his plays are nasty, dirty, impure, clever if you like, but foul to the last degree, and healthy-minded English people don't like to stand and sniff over an ash-pit." ^ 3™ Mr. Scott, ^ f ^dous, or seml-reMgious, play, we have several times of Irnte seen « M l 1 - . I J , t T " ' 5 GSiSSB'cStr*-* " Well," he replied, *' they are good a in future, tbelrway,^d nor do very I ttilnlc wellWfft for one mn nient that It would be desirable ttiat tUejr MkwW Where are you to stop ? Look at Francois Coppee's 'Lo Pater "—where a - woman nays fl)e Lord's Prayer on the stage, 'riiat win distress many people; You cannot enlist the Stage on the side of religion try as you may. ' " The play with a good moral (continued Mr. Scott) has always been with us, and often does great good. You know (he continued, with a laugh) ' The Ticket-of-Leave Man' is said to have converted hundreds of thieves from the error of tliedr ways. And mind you, I dp feel this, as every sensible person must acknowledge, the stage, with care and caution, could be a- great teacher. Where better than in a. thoughtful play could we learn the lesson of loyalty in men and chivalry towards women ?" 