SUMMARY. Omdurman, the Dervish headquarters, has beera taken by the Anglo-Egyptian army under General Kitchener. The Khalifa attacked the Anglo-Egyptian forces three miles outside of Omdurman, but was re pulsed after an hour's lighting. When General Kitchener advanced upon Om durman, the fighting was renewed, but the Der vishes were repulsed with heavy loss. The Khalifa has taken flight, but Is being pur sued by cavalry and gunboats. The British gunboats demolished all the Der vish forts on Luti Island and the right bank of the Nile. The dome of tho Mahdi's tomb and mosque at Omdurman lias been partially destroyed. The German Emperor and Mr. A. J. Balfour are heartily in favor of the Czar's proposal for In ternational disarmament. The French Ambassador at Berlin asserts that Franco cannot join in any general disarmament until Egypt and tho Suez Canal are freed from British control. The Russian newspapers warn Franoe that it is useless to expect aid from Russia in regaining Alsaco and Lorraine. M. Blowltz asserts that the German Govern ment refrained from clearing Captain Droyfus in the fear that General de Boisdeffre would be displaced from his post. Tho Court of Cassation in Paris has confirmed, the decision not to prosecute Major Esterhazy, and his supposed accomplices. M. Cavaignac has resigned his position as French Minister for War. The English Trades Union Congress recom mends the unions to support the principle of State socialism. It is considered by the Trades Union Congress that tho labor problem can only be solved when the means of production, distribution, and oxr change become common property. The English Trades Union Congress condemns tho education policy of the Government as insuf ficiently liberal in character. Lord Brassey declares that the British Navy has never been better prepared for war. Australia is said by Lord Brassey to be an impregnable outpost of the Empire. Vessels of all nations are now being admitted Into Manila harbor. A plot has been discovered for the murder ot Baron Banffy, the Hungarian Premier. A train was wrecked on Friday at Welling borough, England, through some boys obstructing the line with luggage and a wheelbarrow. Six persons were killed as a result of the Wel lingborough outrage, and eight others .were in? jured. Signor Succhi, the Italian "fasting man," haa abstained from food for 33 days. Tho Opposition will not, it is stated, support candidates against the Ministers seeking re-elec tion. A hope is expressed by the protectionists that no opposition will be given to Mr, Burton when he seeks a seat. The Robertson seat has been mentioned in con nection with Mr. Barton's name. Mr. Lee, speaking at Tenterdeld yesterday, placed special stress on the federal sincerity of the Government. On Saturday, Mr. L. C. Russell Jones, late mem ber for Petersham, was entertained at a compli mentary picnic. Speaking on Saturday, Mr. Hogue stated that it was the ambition of the Ministry to obtain Federation. The conference of masters and men with- regard to the northern coal trade held its final meeting on Saturday. At the coal conference on Saturday, the repre sentatives of the masters brought forward pro posals which they stated the men must definitely accept or reject. The proposals of the colliery proprietors are ta be submitted to a ballot of the miners. . There is grave dissatisfaction among the. New castle miners at ' the terms of the agreement offered by the colliery proprietors. Singleton pastoralists suggest that the fairest way to distribute tbe imported Government dairy stock would bo by auction sale. The Island steamer Moresby brought news on Saturday of the massacre of tho captain and four of the crew of the Sea Ghost, at the Solomon Group. The attack on the Sea Ghost was made quite unexpectedly. Tho native crew fought desper ately. The German warship Falke, now in the harbor, will probably undertake a punitive expedition to the Solomon Islands. We publish in this issue the first forecast of the next wheat harvest, together with reports from the principal grain-producing areas of the co lony. A man named William Lee was robbed and violently assaulted in a street of Melbourne last night. Arthur Stray, aged 42, whom over-indulgence in drink had ruined, committed suicide at Mel bourne on Saturday. The Government Geologist is of opinion that a valuable deep lead will be found in the Murray channel, near Albury. Mr. Pittman thinks that better conditions will havo to be offered to capitalists to induce them to work the deep loads along the Murray. At the Hawlcesbury races on Saturday the Spring Handicap was won by Shaughraun. Tho Rugby football match, Queensland v. New South Wales, played at Brisbane on Saturday, resulted in a draw. A special circular from the Cardinal regarding the completion of St. Mary's Cathedral was read in all the Roman Catholic churches yesterday. The Tick Conference concluded on Saturday, afLer arranging new quarantine lines. Under tho new tick regulations, tho precautions to keep the pest out of New South Wales have been made as effective as possible. Parramatta authorities have resolved to peti tion tho Government for tho improvement of Par ramatta Rivor. The Drummyone and West Balmain ferry ser vice is to he considerably improved. Our special American letter, dealing with the close of the late war is published to-day. The crops sown in virgin land around Albury are growing marvellously. Varley, one of the. Trial Bay escapees, has been traced to Grafton, but has not yet been captured. The human remains found near Dalton have been identified as being those of a blackfellow. At tho y.A.T.C races on Saturday, the Heather- lie Handicap was won by Hymettus. On Saturday Thomas Stewart, an old man, com mitted suicide at Inverell by jumping into the river. Tho North Coast Company's steamer Wyrallah grounded on Saturday at Ballina, but is expected to he floated off without Injury. Another attempt is to be made to obtain salvage from the sunken steamer Tasmania, on the New, Zealand coast. The Gunnedah branch of the First Australian Horse mustered for Inspection on Saturday. The suicide is reported from Hillston of Robert Prestige. Several deaths caused by influenza are reported from Kangaroo Valley. Tho Wyaloug miners have decided to give finan cial assistance to the miners on strike at Adelong. Wollongong dairymen aro dissatisfied with tha present conditions of tho milk trade. Reports from Clifton state that the coal trade there is very dull. The Queensland Minister for Agriculture re commends New South Wales stockowners to iuoculato their animals against the tick. The Rev. Dr. Brown, of the Weelcyan mission office, who has returned from Samoa, gives In to day's issue some interesting facts about the late King Malietoa. The Board of Health has decided to give re wards to inspectors securing verdicts under the Diseased Meat Act. Waverley Bowling Club defeated St. Leonards in a six-rink match on Saturday. Meters ham beat Annandale, aud Victoria Park beat Ashfteld. The R.M.S. Orotava, of tho Orient line, sailed at noon on Saturday for Loudon, via ports. The R.M.S. Mariposa, of the A. and A. route, arrived on Saturday morning from San Francisco, via ports. The M.M. liner Armand Behio sails at noon to day for Marseilles, via ports. The P and O. R.M.S. Himalaya called at Ade laide on Saturday, en route from London to Syd ney. Tho Japan mailboat Yamashiro Maru sailed at noon on Saturday, for Hongkong and Japan, .via ports. 