'POSSESSIONS BRITAIN HAS GIVEN AWAY. \- a.----- - CUBA ONCE BELONGED TO US. Accordirng to the typlical Continental statesmran, John B.1t is the biggest land grabber on the face of the globe. France and Germany more especially are never tired of sneering at nor alleged " earth hunger." Indeed, if these latter critics and rivals are to be believed, we 'h-v, not only stolen with a free hand in Afriea, in Am rica, and in Asia, but we are only prevented by lack of proper trans; ort facilities from annexing Mars and esatablishing a protectorate over Jupiter. Toere may be some truth in all this. The British Empire has a knack of growing. No one can deny that. But, on the other hand, we have, within the last hundred years or so, actually given away what to any other nation would constitute an exceedingly valuable and infinitely respectable colonial empire. For instance. Our cousins the Ameri. canse, and our old enemies the Spaniards, have fallen out about Cuba. The island was once Britain's. So were the Philip. pine Islands, another bone ofcontention' So, toe, were the Ionian Islands, Tan gier,.Minorce, Corsica, COrocoR, Sicily, Ruenos Ayree, Monte Video, Java. Pondicherry, the Celebes, the Moleccas, to say nothing of half a hundred other valuable islands, fertile provinces, and fortified towns scattered up and down upon tihe face of this wcazened old globe of ours. And most of them we have surrendered, be it remembered, not in obedience to the irresistible demands of superior force, but of our oirn free will, and in accordroco most frequently with the dictates of a grand, if mistaken and quixotic, idea of duty. Take, for example, the cession of the Ionian Islands in 1804. We captured them from the French, after a good deal of hard fighting, in 1509. We gave them a constitution, built a uni versily at Corfu, abolished the von. detta, and promulgated equal laws for all and sundry; nod then, after more than fifty years of educational and civilising work, and the expenditure of millions of money, we calmly, and without the shadow of a ghost of com. pulsion, handed them over to Greece. It is a deed of which no other nation but England could have been capable, and which it is devoutly hoped Eng. land will never repent. The surrender of Tangier was even more deplorable. We held it for twenty-one years, and then quietly evacuanted it at the bidding of a hand ful of fanatics, led by Gaylan, the sovereign chief of Fez. General Kirkoe, the then Governor, strongly protested, and offered to hold the fortress indefinitely if five hundred men were sent out from England together withb£5,000wherewith topay them. But the Government declined. They could, they said, afford the men, but not the money. Tangier would now be con sidered dirt-cheap at fifty times £5000, for it lies almost immediately oppositi Gibraltar, and, possessing both these strongholds, England could absolutely control the Straits nod effectually seal up tire Mediterranean. Cuba was taken by us in the middle of theb summer of 1762, at a time when an unusually virulent epidemic of yel low fever was racing. We lost five thousand men in fire weeks. But we stuck to our guns and triumphed, in the good old sturdy British fashion. What our soldiers geined with one hand, however, our statesmen gave away with the other. A year later, just when the island had become pacified, and the elements of good go vernment established, our hard-won poasessiou was handed back to the horrors of Spanish rule-horrowe from which it seems only now likely to emerge. An even more reprehensible national crime was the surrender of the Philip pines to the same bloodstained gang, for not the most bigoted of the Little Englanders of thateday and generation could have been ignorant of how vastly important the islands must necessarily become to us. Moreoger, Spain was soundly thrashed in a selfish war of her own seeking, and would have accepted peace on almost any terms. Yet we handed over the conquered possessions for a paltry £800,000-not a single penny of which, by tile by, was over paid. To many visitors to Westminster Abbey, it doubtless seems strange that one of the most magnifisent tombs in our national mausoleum should bear the name of General Stanhope. To the man in the street, at the present day, the cognomen means nothing. To on. forefathers of a generation or two ago, however, it meant much. For Stanhope was the conqueror of l\finorca; and Minorca, as has been well remarked, was the Malta of the eighteenth century. We took it in 1708, and held it off and on for the best part of a century, at the end of which time it was handed over to the Spaniards. Apparently they got it because they asked for it. At all events, no historian has ever assigned any more cogent reason. Our extra ordinary complaisance in this respect is the more curious beeaueo we had pre. vioosly thought so highly of tle island that, for merely failing to. relieve the garrison, we had poor old Admiral Byng tried by court-martial, and shot on the quarter-deck of his own flagehip'. Corsica occupied a slightly different position, as a dependency, from Minorea, insomuch as that its inhabitants had themselves placed under British protec tion, and elected George III. an their king. It was ours, free gratis and for nothing. It did not cost os the life of a single soldier, or the expenditure of a solitary penny-piece. Neverthcless, we tllought so little of it that, after govern ing it for three years, we withdrewr our troops and left it to the merey of the French, who needless to say, promptly annexed it, and in whose possession it has been over since. Curiously enough, during the three years that the British fiog flew above the ramparts of Ajaccio, Napoleon I. was a resident of the city, and was therefore, during that space of time, a British sub. ject. And while on thire subject of Cor. sics, it may be mentioned that we seem always to have had a peculiar penchant for giving away plcres in tile Mediter. ranean. In addition to Tangier, the Ionian Islands Corsica and Minorca, concerning whIchr mention has already been made, owe also owned at different periods, Sardinia, Sicily and Elba. But we lot threm all slip. In the same way, and only quite re. eently, we parteo with Heligoland to Cermany. In this case, it is true. we are supposed to have received a quid pro quo iu Africa; but it would probably puzzle anyone, sore perhaps a profes sional politiinan, to say exactly in bwhat it consisted. 