Cricket. An enjoyable match waa played on the local Ground on 8oturiay laat, when teama Mptajnod by Meim 6 Kllonnan (MameS! Midi Fawkner (Single) contested for supremacy. The mamotl f th« Mt-Tieefi of foot wroffii- nent Katamatite playere, while the Bachslort hod anything but a representative teari but the former received inch a severe arabb! thftt they are quite ifttiified to admit that the Baebe- lore were too good for (hem For the winners Kendall contributed e dashing innings ot B9, and O'Keeffe helped hi. side with a mentonoue inning, of 69 (not out) and elro epnewd the howling honor.- Kran donee («0) displayed the beat form with the bat for tbe Benedicts end Eohaer was most successful with tha t»«U- ol- lowing are the scores : — married Jones, b Fowkoer ... Jos Tuck, b Taylor ... g i Ross, b O'Keeffe " Kllerman, b O'Keeffe ... » Eraos, b Taylor ... f Caraoay, c Kendall, b Taylor ... D Wallace, b Mathieson ... ® Bovd, c Campbell, b O'Keeffe ... » tlntine hfl'ltppfls ... ... 4> H. Tuck, b O'Keeffe ...... J W Tuck, not out ... - J Sundries ... — — 8 Total - " SINGLE . Kendall, b Rohner - 8# >' H Ross, run out ... ... H J) U arris, run out ... ... O'Keeffe, not out ... ... 6® Campbell, e Bojd, b Robaor ... O Fawkner, bRobner ... ® Sundries .. ... » 'Total for fi wickets ... 188 # Tbe following lines ere contributed by one of tho Bachelors t — For a month or more I'd heard a lot about tbe famous game, In which tbe married men would add new laurels to their fame ; So being Eafiter Saturday, and having naught to do, I thought I'd take a trip and see the Bachelors put through. 'Teas advertised to start at one, or a little bit before, S/» >itn9TvTf)un?tual thev came at half-nant four ; The married men rolled up in force, tbey brought their wires along. The ghost of Shakespeare, too, they brought, to put their deeds iu ftong ; They also were attended by their darling ma's- 'in-law. So that in harraekiug as well the single men they'd floor. The game went on alright till they began to chnrS the bill. Then what a ad citastropbe those fathers did befall ! -«w» From out one's pocket fell some bibs, some safety-pins and fcpoon?, Another lost a music-boi, which plated soft, soothing tunes ; One l children good, While one poor fellow broke a bottle labelled " Mcllin'a Food," One lost a cake of Hudson's soap, while one poor married martyr, West in to bat with his pads tied with his old ; woman's garter ; The xnore they ran tbe more they dropped, oh I how tbe birds did chirrup When all the ground around was strewed with Wioslow's Soothing Syrup. Sucb cries you never beard before in all your mortal lives As those which emanated from the children and the wives. At last tbey broke into a howl, which soon grew loud and louder. When one respected townsman dropped a box of Violet Powder ; In all the sad confusion the game was quite un- heeded, Till the single men had totted up the runs to win they needed, And then upon the married men, with sticks and with umbrellas. Their female relatires swooped down and half- killed those poor fellows. They took tbem home ; their manly hearts were fit to buret with sorrow ; The latest news I've heard of them is "Funeral's to-morrow ! " When going home that evening one put to me the question : : "When will we ever win a match P" Herein is my suggestion — "If on some team you married men are seeking retribution, Just form a club like Ficard'a famous Gee-Bung institution : Then if you can't beat Bachelors, I'll tell you how to rile 'cm, Go down to town and make a record 'gainst the Blind Asylum ! " # Having read that Premier Kingston recently visited Bendigo as "Mr Smith," South Aus tralians will scarcely be surprised to hear that another public figure has been moving about in cognito (says the Adelaide " Observer"). Clem Hill, the cricketer, after tbe last test match, went to Carcoar, in New South Wales, to enjoy a few days' holiday. A cricket match with a neighboring town was pending, and Bill was pressed into service under the pseudonym of Mr Kruger— Kruger is his nickname, because of a certain facial resemblance to the president of the Transvaal Republic. The plan of the joke was that after tbe match the opposing side would be told who had made a hundred against them. The batsman who had scored 200 against England, however, was dismissed for a single- figure score, and when the visitors were in formed that he was Clem Hill, the hero of the fourth test match, they were incredulous, " Why," said one man, in Clem's presence, " I have seen Hill play, and he is at least 6ft 2in high." Next day the joke was perpetrated again on another team, and this time it was carried off better by tbe chief actor, for he scored 103 not out, out of a total of 121. These oppon ents, when they were told tbe facts, did not find it difficult to believe that they had been trying to get rid of Australia's crack batsman, and they entered heartily into the spirit of the joke. Pro bably they felt proud that they had had a bowl at him. 