tUKF GOSSIP. ByBIBBLEDEN*. Many familiar faces were missing from Canlfield on Saturday; some were away in Sydney, ossistingattheA.J.C. autnmn meet ing, and others were otherwhere; but with fine cool weather prevailing, there were quite enough spectators present to insure Mr. Moole a profitable meeting. Mr. S. Miller waited for Realgar's race, and then hurried <H£,to Onkaparinga, only to witness the downfall of Wheraside in the bi^ steeplechase; \ and Mr. J. G. Clarke pt^fen^d a '^y a' Caulfield to seeing his horse Bittjllion win the Autumn Stakes at By the way, Mr. Clarke tells iii6 I^Jiat^iTince Barcaldine, who won the l^incolnshire Handicap a few weeks ago, is owned by his brother, Mr. W. M. Clarke. I congratulate the two brothers on the possession of good horses. But to return to Canlfield. Metallic was a very strong order for the Trial Stakes, and the issue was never in doubt; in fact, his jockey almost pulled him up before reaching the winning-post; and what was second best it would be hard to say. Chokehore's jockey, in a commendable effort to comply with an unworkable rule, gained that distinction, bat it was only oh rafferanco, I fancy. If Metallic is a pony, as is said, I should like to know where our racehorses are to come from. A better-shaped little un it would be hard to find; and there's no mistake about it, lie can gallop, too. In Sydney, I believe, Metallic was superior to Aluminium and Water Colour. That is no light re commendation. Metallic is by Metal from Phyllis, a Gemma di Vergy mare, who, if I remember rightly, ran second to Empress in the Hawkesbuiy Autumn Handicap of 1884. Kroger did noteua up io expectations in the Trial Stakes, bat Realgar made amends for Mr. S. Miner's disappointment by win ning the Hurdle Race. Even admitting that Realgar bad made improvement since he ran so wretchedly at Mentone, it may be doubted if Realgar won this race on his merit*. I fancy Mr. Miller was a bit astonished himself. At the last hurdle Realgar seemed to hare things all his own way, but in the run home Wongong, a horse of Mr. Glasrooek's, dropped as k were from the clouds, and with Miller also close up, the race bore the resemblance of a con test. B«t it was only a resemblance-not real-and why certain pertinent questions I were not asked of some of the jockeys is mom than I can make out; but the stewards woe evidently not in an inquiring mood. The Easter Handicap saw KymeMus in stalled favourite, although he had never been over a mile and a furlong course before in bis life. The race resulted in the victory ot Mr. Donald Wallace's filly Moonlyong, ridden by Tom Sanders, who is not often seen in the eadiHe nowadays. Suubury had again-the bad lock to run second, but he was only n ncck behind the winner, and might have turned the tables upon Moon lyong if he had got out of the ruck just a judge placed Mischief belonged to her stable JSong, but it is long odds JjjV^t tWrjttSgfrCfc'jrs rjght.: Goodman, from fell at the heme turn, ?A short price was accepted about Kilns for the Steeplechase, although it was his first attempted big fcnces. Cedric, who was also wellbjSeked, put hie backers out of their misery by falling early in the race; and Nilufl, tiring" with his first experience, fell an easy victim to the unbacked Canary, fwh? been seen out since he won >4J*e stee&Ietihaseat; Mentone last Septem ber. Canary » ~by Old Judge's sire Hes perian, who tyon the A .J.C. Metro politan St#&efl; in 1S81 for Mr. John Mayo. jj^r. J.^RedfearB'n patron, Mr. G. Gray, bad the tonoar (?) of supplying the favourite for; tit» Two-Year-Old^Handicap in the Cfttbmecolt, Murata, who was batted as if it *$aa"ttU over, bar shouting." Ttay were itofc a good lot of horses, and Safety, evm a\\\ Ait, seemed to have an ex cellent chance; but, not favoured by the start, she was beaten by the aptly-named Private^Willis, by Martini-Henry from IjohuUhe^ and J^dmiral Cook, the faronrite beb^badly beaten. The winner was bred ?iKirkbam, a»$was bought aa a yearling to- "Sammy" AC«o for SI guinea* Loeh Fad wu fcadupdtor pounds, ahiBtngs, ^! ha'pimcefortti* Welter Handii^|dp£ ia evidently afli^tch«<m!yi*steg^W iaBjuayiuutiiaSHI I nothing bad. the ghost of a chance with Orla, who is t>y Calma from Jubilee, the dam of Jubilant and Stratbjoy. Before the ' race it was said that Orla was suffering from rheumatism; in the race some of the others had it. Devon made his reappear ance in this race, but ran last, and Mr. Hey wood tells me that he will retire the old horse for good and oil. , I wa? not at all surprised at Syeria'e suc cess in the Doncaster Handicap, especially as Sir. Oxenham bad shown bis confidence in the horse by backing him to win several thousands a day or two previously. Syerla actually started favourite, and as he never lays against his own hones, Mr. Oxenham -and, in a lesser degree, his bookmaking partner, "Hie Count"-mast tewe had a good race. Syerla visited Victoria, quite re cently, in company with other of Mr. Oxen ham's horses, but he only ran once or twice, L believe, his owner not caring, perhaps, to discover his hand so early. Evidently, a coup was meant. It has succeeded. Mr. Oxenham is fortunate in having such a ser vant as Mark Thompson, who is, as a trainer, what George Fordham was as a jockey-he minds his own business, and knows how to keep his master's secrets great virtue.?, both. Syerla showed pretty good form as a two-year-old, winning four races. On one occasion he beat Patriot, and on another occasion, at Randwick, he ran a remarkable race with El Norte and Fort aliee, the three sharing the honours of a dead heat. Two or three weeks ago Syerla won a race at Rosehill, and subsequently showed good form by running third to Mer loolas and First Mate in thfe Hawkesbary Autumn Handicap, carrying a penalty. Since winning the Caulfield Cup with Waterfall, .and in some inexplicable tray upsetting Wallace's appleeart with Cabin Boy in the St. Leger, Mr. Oxenham has not had a good horse to carry his colours; bat, looking at his pedigree, there is no reason why Syerla should not develop into a race horse of the first order. Apart from pecuniary considerations, the victory must have been very gratifying to Mr. Oxenham, inasmuch he bred the winner himself, Syerla being by Gozo (sire of the Mel bourne Cup winner, Gaulus) from his favourite mare Cerise and Blue (dam of Mulgrave, Laura, and Water Colour), by Wilberforce from Myrtle, by Gemma di Vergy-a pedigree good enougkjjor, any thing. Naturally, Mr. Oxenham^a^lJaiM, at the result, which could nx5t him of the refrain of the ifeood'old, nejpr^ ditty:- j * { I a 'i\\*( Syerla in de mo'nin' {?... * Syerla in de mo'mn'. Syerla in de mo'mn'1 / . 4 ? ; Befo' de break oh day! ~ The most disappointing horse that ran in the Doncaster Handicap, according to Vic torian ideas, was Reaper, who had been training at Chipping Norton, where the mysteries come from. On his recent form Reaper had an undeniably good chance, especially as the handieapper had in no way overloaded him with weight, bat he failed to even get a place. Whether Reaper was tried with Ace of Diamonds and La Cara bine I am not in a position to say; -'but the fact remains that while Reaper weakened in the betting, Ace of Diamonds was a strong eleventh-hour "tip," and started a better favourite than Reaper. Ace o£ Dia monds is a well-bred horse, by Splendor from Queen Agnes, by Grand Flaneur from Dame Agnes, by Hermit; but he is a maiden-or was up to Easter Monday and maidens but rarely win impor tant races. MerlooLas ran a good horse, but Syerla. who finished behind him in the Hawkcsbury Autumn Handicap on the pre vious Saturday, was enabled to turn the tables upon the so-called Qneens'.ander, who first saw the light of day in New South Wales. At one time Vedette seemed to be a gone coon, and receded to comparatively long odds; but on the day. of the race his New Zealand friends rallied round him, and almost restored, him to his old position in the betting. Still, Vedette was among the 1 failures. Perhaps he wil} do better before returning to his kland home.. Amberite just failed to win the Sydney Cup, but in failing to give Merloolas three years and I81b. he was far from disgraced. Merloolas was quite a champion 'way bock in Queensland, and he has been very consis tent in his own country, New South Wales, having started three times, with the credit able result that he ha3 won two races and run second in another. But, about Merloolas, I cannot do better than quote what "Mil i roy" says:-''Merloolas is a living proof of j the advantages of allowing the horse to mature properly before asking him to don the breaking tackle or racing eoloors. He was not broken until he had" well turned j into his third year, and to-day he is a great,: well-furnished, sound, six-year-old, who -has virtually begun his usefuloess, while scores, | of other so-called racehorses, that started into the business only a couple of seasons back as two-year-old<, ate BOW done with and useless. Merloolas was bred hy Mr. John M'Caughey on hi? famous Tooralie station, which is. situated Ofttbe Darling, 70 miles below Bourke. Mr. M'Caughey does not beljeve in racing bis colts young, : so the home-bred ones ace allowed to room free oa the rich plains until they are old , enough to cirry a man without injury to themsfelvea. Merloolas is a bay horse, standing well in the neighbourhood of 18-3; be has. aq immense BhoulAec and great length of quarter, bat, betteff 'tlwjij^Jl, he is as sound as steel all over, and is likely torMnain sofbr nttjiy Seasons yefcW co&ie.; sr haultheijreat uurmAew striker into IS# conr»e ©gain suddenly and by sheer, forea, but though the straight is a short one, the horse got well going «3fatg. atthe 1^8*^ stand, and when Smith hit him he brushed First Mate and Syerla aside as if they were flieB. On a good course, with a long straight like Bandwick, something brilliant may be expected from the big fellow, as he one as itresi^ible when be is in fttu awing. Merloolaa is by St. Svrithin (son o£ Cadogan) from a mare by Kingsborouga from Vain Glory, by Maribyraong or Beaa elerc from Vanity, by Oresfc Neither MB i sire nor dam *vas worth a row of piB» Iflf ! racing purposes,-which, combined with fact that be was bted by a breeder, ia a rude shg<sfc£° 'those whobe lieve in the like-beget-like make- aiid-snape theory." ; 4 \ ? » I _ 1 .1 r ^ ? Easter Monday 'was a charming dajy&nd; with a light breezehlpwing ,froi&t;$>e b®y# the excursion to Winiiiwst.oWn -tfas really delightful. The results from Randwick nod Onkaparinga were promptly posted in tb® weighing enclosure, and the secretary s thoughtfulness in this respect was greatly appreciated. Jlerioolas, I may mention, tvas a strong order for the Sydney Cop. One bookmaker told me that he had not laid a penny against Merloolas when he reached the coarse, and then he hid h» full book; and it wasn't a small volume either. The racing was first-class, al though a poor beginning was made with the Hnrdle Bace, which only attracted four runners. Realgar, of coarse, was a hot favorite, bat he never had a chance with Boulevard, who led from end to end. Boulevard was bought a few days previously by Mr. Tom Uphill, who thus got his pox chase money back at the first time of ask ing. Realgar's defeat emphasises the sus piciousness that surrounded the raw h* was permitted to win at Caulfield on Satur day last. Metallic was tightly squeezed by Dandy Dick in the Easter Plate, the verdict being only a neck in his favour. In fact* many of the spectators were of opinion that Dandy Dick had prevailed. Mr. W. A. Menzies won the Beach Handicap wifcn Woodbine, who started favourite, although only lightly backed by the owner. Orla a sudden discovery of form at Caulfield played the deuce with Mr. Vowles's handi capping in the Easter Purse and the iederal Stakes. In the Easter Purse Orb had little .to spare from Orpali, who was beaten on the post; but he won the Federal Stakes "tfjth something in hand, carrying a double Benalt^v The competition, however, might hare beett keener. The Hummer ran a good race in the Easter Parse, and may have ihore tUanf an outside chance in the Good* wood Handicap. Bell Metal was backed like a good thing for the Jumpers' Flat ftiee, bat Carmyte, who keeps bobbing np when least expected, beat Mr. Leek's horae iu the last few strides, and secured a head victory. With reference to Bobadil's breeding, 1 correspondent of the '"Sportsman uayg;-"in his interesting article on 'St. Simon blood in Australia/ the 'Special Com missioner' might have gone a little further a-nri pointed out that Bill of Port land's breeding is another instance of the success which usually attends the crossing of Galop in blood with that of Sterling. Bill of Portland is by St. Simon (by Galopin) out of Electric light, by Sterling out of Beachy Head. If niy memory serves me right, Beachy Head, tbea the property- of Loid Exeter, was intended to be sent to John Scott's to be trained, but by some curious error was put up for sale by auction with, a draft of some other horses of that nobleman, and Mr. Graham purchased her fop the Yardley Stud. Lord Exeter in vain tried to buy her back. Tha purchaser recognising what a bargain hft had obtained, put her to Sterling, who was, of course, the champion are at Yardiey*f 'and the produce was Electric Light. Tho [latter was, doubtless on the principle ot 'scientific breeding,' mated with St. Simon. : No wonder that when Bill of Portland eired a colt from She it was a good one, for in it are the crosses that nick, vis., the blood of Galopin and Sterling on the sire's^ sida land Musket and Seclusion on the dam's." Ieonomy, who was doing stnd dntyat Lockeville, Bunbury, West Australia, died on March 31. lemony wis bred by Mr. W. A Blackler, South Australia, and was by Winterlake from Ruby, by Talk o' the HHta from Amber, by King Tom. Mr. M. Locke purchased him as a two-year-old, and he had & very successful career on the tax#, winning, among other r&cf;«, the Rattray, Stakes at Eleijasltpa^o^, theday Slieet Anchor woi^ the^jJfdbmiTHe-JJttp, .the All Aged Stakes, Adelaide Hunt Club Spring Meeting, c&isc;^ng 1 Htejt.p C&u;|5eld'> fs&kes;, beating Ma^ua.'-The Nriri, aW'Shec^'Atfchor, the Moonee '^iMey^Cup, caiyying'a^:. 31b., and the Meltkiiirtirf,S^S^s, laflir Wnning a dead beat witfe'fioolka.-- At the stud' Xsonomy was not a great success, the best of his progeny running at the present time be iag Gold and Eflaek, Primrose, Lpckfevijle,. and Isonde. IeoBomy was 16 years oldat the time of bis death. "The otter wort hi esse ess of the 'timo test,'" sayc (be "Encyclopaedia of Sport," |'"is proved by the circumstance that horsej which are unquestionably had have veryfre quenbly won races in better time thao that taken byhorseB universally acknowledged, to be of the veryfirsfc rank. It. is far from certain that a mil? has ever been covered' ih better time than the lmin. 3Ssec. w corded for Brag in the Brighton Cup, for [about this time there seenUsTto be, an OIK usual agreementj but it tti-eej'tfcin^ vary few persons would caic^ that Brag was the best horae j tioo, or indeed anything appr ~ object of A .race it not; thing is more common than to read that come good horse has 'won in a canter.' If he liail galloped his best, it is obvious that his time would hare been considerably nhorter. The fallaciousness of the 'test' js further increased by differences in the ^oing and in the nature of courses. It the turf is deep and holding, horses are likely to take longer than they would if j they were galloping 'on the top of the ground.' Esr.mples bearing on this have not seldom been quoted, but may be repeated here. Galopin, one of the very Lest horses that erer won the Derby, took 2niin. 4&see.; Sir Yisto, one of the very "worst, took 2:niu. 43 2-5-ec.; Lord Lyon took 2min. SO.iee.; Merry Hampton, a very j ?poor specimen of a Derby winner, tool; ! Cinin. 43see. Wheel of Fortune, one of the j be.-t mates ever known, took 3uiin. 2iec. i f.o win the Oaks; Lonely, one of the worst, | took 2min. 43 2-5sec. The mighty Or-; inonde's Lei^r lime v.-;>s 3:iiin. 21 2-5>ee.: | The Lambkin, a very moderate animal, was j only 3min. Msec, in doing the distance, j These instances will probably suffice. 'The i watc-h' may possibly be of some service in showing whether o two-j'ear-old has speed, whether he can cover five furlongs in such time as to suggost his ability to race with good prospects; but it has been found in many years' experience that a carefully chosen trial horse will give the same as surance. Ah on almost universal rule, to take (or attempt to take) the time of a race and to draw deductions from it is en utterly futile proceeding.'' 