HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW EDIFICE. Yesterday afternoon the, foundation stone of the handsome and stately edi flee that is in due course to supplant the present Church of the Holy Trinity was well and truly laid. No time has been lost in pushing on with prepara tions for the new building since that which has done service since 1842 was condemned as unsafe by the City Sur veyor. At a meeting of the congrega tion in December last it was resolved that it was desirable to erect, without further delay, a portion of the new edifice, including the chancel, transepts, and sanctuary, and that the foundation stone be laid, if possible, during the first week in February, when the Church of England conference would be sitting in the city. This resolve has been carried out in all its entirety, and yesterday saw the ceremony success fully performed, and with an eclat that the occasion was worthy of. The plans, drawn by Mr. Alexander North, show that the new church will be a very handsome one. It is estimated to cost £12,000, and provide accommodation for 1200 people. The present intention, however, is to erect only the after portion, which will give seating accommodation for 400 people, and will necessitate an expenditure of about £5000. The new building will face on George street, and extend past the present school-room. So far a sum of rather more than £2000 has been raised, either received or promised, for the work. There was a desire that yesterday's ceremonial should be performed with Masonic rites, but this was found to be impracticable, and was perforce abandoned. The ceremony, which took place at half-past three, attracted a large atten dance, among those present being the Bishop of Tasmania (Right Rev. H. H. Montgomery), Bishop of New Guinea (Right Rev. M. J. Stone-Wigg), Ven. Archdeacons Hales and Whitington, Canon Potter (Melbourne), Dean of Hobart (Rev. J. B. Kite), and clergy from very many of the northern parishes, all in their ecclesiastical robes. A number of ministers of other denominations were also present. The Mayor (Alderman Sutton) re sponded to an invitation to attend, and wore his official robes and chain. With him were Aldermen Wilson, Fairthorne, Pepper, and Genders. A strong choir sang "The Church's One Foundation" as a processional hymn while the distinguished divines took their places on the temporary plat form, on which also were located the Mayor and Aldermen. The special service arranged for the occasion was then commenced, the Bishop of Tas mania, Dean of Hobart, Archdeacon Whitington, Canon Potter, and Rev. W H. Edwardes, curate of Holy Trinity, assisting. Much of the service was choral, the choir leading, with Miss Kate Richardson at the organ, assisted by a small orchestra. At a convenient break in the cere mony, Archdeacon Hales addressed the gathering, and after congratulating the Bishop on his safe return to Tasmania, referred to his timely arrival to take part in that afternoon's ceremony as a most opportune circumstance, and one he was most thankful for. He ex tended a hearty welcome to the clergy of other denominations who were pre sent, and read an apology from Rev. W. Law, who regretted that, owing to hav ing to officiate at a funeral in the coun try, he was unable to attend, but wished the new church every success. He was pleased to see such a large gather ing, and looked upon it as a happy augury that the new building would be the success they hoped for. The stone was then laid by Mr. Charles Kent, a liberal donor to the funds of the new church, and an en thusiastic worker, and who was further more one of the members of the con gregation when Archdeacon Hales took change of the parish, 44 years and nine days ago. Mr. Kent, who used a hand some silver trowel suitably inscribed, and a polished blackwood mallet, de clared the stone "well and truly" laid, in the following terms:—"In the name of Christ, and to the blessing of God, I declare that I lay this stone for a church to be called the Church of the Holy Trinity—in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." A burst of cheers greeted the announce ment of the laying of the stone, which was a substantial and handsome block, inscribed as follows: GLORY TO GOD. This stone was laid by Charles Kent, Esq., February 9, 1898. F. Hales, Archdeacon of Launceston, Took charge of the Parish February 1, 1854. Beneath were placed a scroll contain ing a historical precis of the event, and copies of the two local newspapers. At the conclusion of the ceremony, the Bishop of Tasmania delivered a brief address, in the course of which he said he accepted the omen of his timely arrival as one of success, and referred in happy terms to the transformation of old churches into new. He had thought that St. John's would have been the first in Launceston to take this step, but in the providence of God the Church of the Holy Trinity had been the first to be so transformed. He eulogsed the work of the Ven. Arch deacon Hales, and prayed that he might have God's blessing for it. This was an occasion when they might dream pleasant dreams, and he was sure that in years to come there would be troops brought to the font of that church to be baptised, and then confirmed, to be married, and take their place as up holders of the state and nation, and thousands to attend its services. Might God bless the building, and perform in it miracles beyond those that had been accomplished in their time, and might all who had to do with its erection have health and strength to put their best work into it, and accomplish it without accident. The Bishop of New Guinea wished the new undertaking every success from two dioceses, that of Queensland, in which until quite recently he had been working, and the missionary one of New Guinea to which he was now going. After a few remarks on church architecture, in the course of which he said he believed the plans for the new edifice were such as would worthily re present the Church of England, he went on to express a hope that it would create a like faith and a like devotion in the minds of those who used it, so that they would follow in the likeness of their Lord and Master until they were admitted into his eternal peace. He impressed upon those present the need of self-sacrifice on behalf of the churches in these young countries, and suggested that all should make such provision in their wills as they could, through the hands of the Bishop of the diocese, for the furtherance of church work. A number of offerings totalling £76 were placed on the stone, the treasurer (Mr. J. C. Macmichael) read a financial statement, and the proceedings were concluded with the benediction and re cessional hymn, "Through the Night of Doubt and Sorrow." Afternoon tea was provided by the Misses Hales in a large marquee, an attention that was much appreciated by the visitors. 