'That's the Allegory.' A miser being dead and duly interred, came to the banks of the river Styx, desiring to be ferried over along with the other ghosts. Charon demanded his fare, and was surprised to see the miser, rather than pay it, throw himself into the river and swim over to the other side, notwithstanding the clamor and opposition that was made to him. AH Tar tarus was in an uproar, and each of the judges was meditating some punishment suitable to a crime of such dangerous consequence to the infernal revenues. ' Shall he be chained to the rock along with Promethus ? or tremble below the precipice with the Danaides ? or assist in rolling his stone ?'' ' No,' said Minos, ' none of those ; we must invent some severer punishment. Let him be sent back to earth, to see the use his heirs are making of his riches/' In Shanghai, China, is a Jewish congre gation composed chiefly of Englishmen. They resolved in a public meeting to contribute to a Jewish alliance in London. There are now three such organizations in Europe, viz , in Paris, Vienna, and London. The object of these organisations is education of the Jews in the Orient and Africa, and the defence of their rights wherever they are wronged by any government. In this respect the one in London is best situated, because it can always, when help is needed, apply to the British foreign office, whose power and authority reach far and wide. Miss R. V. Hart, 56 Surrey-street, Darling hurst, wishes to dispose of a sacred picture, entitled 'Rebecca at the Well.'; Particulars at above address. The ' New ' Synagog at Prague, which was opened 200 years age, has been closed, and is about to be demolished on sanitary grounds. The closing ceremony of this ancient place of worship was conducted by the Chief Kabbi, Dr. N. Ehrenfeld, who delivered an impressive sermon, \ Alderman I. R. Cohen, of Annandale, has. been selected by the Federal League to repre sent them as a candidate for Annandale. The Protectionist have long ago done him the like honor From independent inquiry in the district we find his prospects are very good, and we hope the anticipations of his supporters will be realised. The difference in teaching the young in our religious schools now and aforetime is simply this : In clays of yore the young people were taught in these schools the sources of our history and the language in which the sources are preserved, without any special lessons on religion. So the young ones made some ac quaintance with the Hebrew language and the sources of history. Now we teach them an abstract of history and no knowledge of the sources of their language, and consider this religious instruction. The consequence is that the pupils leave the school with some know ledge of history and none o£ Judaism, when they enter tlie confirmation class. There is ever so much method and discipline in the Sabbath schools and so little matter and sap, such a minimum of religious teaching that it seems wonderful when here or there a pupil leaves the school with any conception of Judaism. — Israelite, 