SOCIAL NOTES. (BY " SIGMA.") The fifth annual ball of tho Swan Eiver Bowing Club, held last Friday night' in St. George's Hall, proved most satisfactory to all concerned, for the room was crowded, ?which pleased the promoters, and the floor and music were splendid, which delighted the dancers, and the supper was good, ?which pleasod everyone. As the authori- ties will not allow nails to be driven into the walls of the hall, it is always more or less a puzzle how to carry out any scheme of decoration, but the committee of the 13.B.R.C. successfully solved this problem, and the result was most effective. Lines of small pointed blue and white flags (the club's colours) started from tho gallery, and were carried right across the room in a slanting direction, crossing and re-crossing each other in the middle of the room. These same lines of flags hung in festoons under the gallery, ' and the stage was prettily decorated with greenery and pot plants. The number of young girls who had not reached the age when long dresses and their necessary accompaniment, " done-up" hair,areworn, wasnoticeable,andthereisno doubt, however their elders may have felt on the subject, that the evening was one of almost perfect bliss to them. I noticed several pretty dresses. One of the most stylish was of white Bengaline silk, very simply made, with a few dark red roses in the bodice, and one at each end of the ?white ribbon sash, which fell in long ends to the 'bottom of the skirt. This little touch of colour was most effective. Another white silk had a broad panel in - front of the skirt, and the front of the bodice was embroidered in silver, a silver fringe ran round the bottom of the bodice, forming a. basque, and Maltese lace was worn as a sort of fichu. A white satin had pearl passemen- terie at the waist, and edging tho epau- lettes, and a single large pink rose in tho corsage.- A pretty girl was dressed ina simple white muslin frock with five rows of bébé ribbon running round the- bottom of the skirt, and with the blouso bodice confined at tho waist with a white ribbon sash and trimmed with lace and insertion. A handsome blue satin had a basque made of ' jet fringe, and the bodice was orna- mented with jet running transversely across the front. A noticnablo gown was .whito with rose coloured ribbon arranged in Vandykes round the skirt ; sleeves and sash of the same colour. * » * * * Human nature is an interesting study. Perhaps my nature is warped, and so I cannot judgo others by myself. Eeforol learnt to cycle I had an aversion to all riders of the wheel, and took a delight in not moving off the level road, rang they never so furiously, and it was a great pleasure to see them bumping over the stones. .Now I am a cyclist, and look upon pedestrians as almost an insult, and feel much put out when they refuse to leave the lovel part of the road, and make me bump over the stones I supposo it is poetic justice, but it is not pleasant. Beginners are my special objection-I have been able to go by myself for quite tbreo ?weeks - it seems impossible to get away from them. I saw a good rider the ether day trying to avoid one such on the Mount's Bay- road. Tho novice began to dodge as soon as the other came in sight, and the closer he got the moro frantic were his darts from one side of the road to the other. Tho ad- vancing foe, seeing the position-or rather, positions-the enemy was taking up thought discretion tho better part of valour and, as the road certainly was not 'wide enough for them both, ran his machine off into tho sand. The other had evidently at that precise moment made up his mind what to do, and ran his machine on top of the other man's bicycle, and gave it a severe smashing. His own being a hired ono, came unscathed out of the ordeal. I cannot describe the sequel, because as the disabled foo began telling the other what he thought of him in language "rude and aggressive, but very expressive," I went on my way and left them to settle their differences. Another beginner was doing his best to knock down a telegraph post. He sighted it at quite a long distance, and, as he ?wished to avoid it, ha of course fixed his eyes so as to seo whero not to go. Then the struggle bogan. Ho tuggod first one handlo then the other, and his eyes as- sumed tho terrified expression of one who sees a ghost. He twisted his body, made faces, jerked his elbows, and, in fact, did everything but the thing he ought to have done- that is, to have taken his eyes off the object he was making for. His machine advanced inexorable as tate, left the road, ploughed through sand and over stones, and finally struck the telegraph pole fair in the centre. 'I ha rebound naturally sent the rider and his steed to the ground, but the fall was not attended with fatal results. ' ***** I do not think that German women will give us any wrinkles as to the ideal cycling dress. The bicycle has become vory popu- lar in i>rlin, and in that city, where a short tibi_ ago cyclistes were insulted in the streets, 'thej are now looked on with tolerance, if not altogether with favour. It is said that German women are most un- graceful riders. j'-They use very low saddles, and this makes them sit all of a heap. They know nothing of anklo action in manipulating the pedals, consequently their knees go up and down like flails, and their elbows are wide apart. As a rule they give little thought to the matter of dress on the bicycle. Many wear rational dress, and scorch along without gloves. Those who still cling to skirts refuse to wear knickerbockers under thom, and as they pay so little attention to outside show they are not likely to attach much importance to clothing which is not seen, and it is said that the glimpses of undcr things which one gets aro too fearful. It would, of course be absurd to judge all German women by this standard, for thero are sure to bo some among the sex in Berlin who tako as much plcasuro in making themselves look nice on all occa- sions as Englishwomen do. The German men, however, aro much moro particular, and to their ideas mako themselves very fascinating indeed in all kinds of costumes, tho more uncommon tho better. Green velvet suits, worn with light green or whito cap3 arc very popular indeed, and stockings of huge plaids in the most start- ling colours are de rigueur. t Last week Mrs. Arthur Hassell javo a t most delightful children's party at her residence in Adolaido Terrace in honour of her little daughter's birthday. There must have been between thirty and forty small invited guests, and it was only necessary to look at them to seo how they were en-! joying themselves. 1 thmk that it is very beautiful to watch children's enjoyment. Thero is no preteuce about it. Their eyes sparkle, their cheeks flush, and their feet dance all over the place instead of walk- ing. Their whole heart and soul are in their play, and they are happy little being3 indeed. They have not yet learnt to anticipate the bad time coming in the morning when the recovery has to bo suffered after a feast of the dainties pro- vided at supper the night before, and tho disordered digestion helped back to normal condition by the help of nasty medicine. Tho time before tea was passed happily in playing' croquet en tho lawn, and in childish games. Tea was served at 5 o'clock, and it is superfluous to mention that ample justice was done to the good thiDgs provided. Afterwards, the spacious drawing-room having been cleared, some of the children did some very clever step dancing, the little hostess ol the day showing wonderful grace and agility in this respact. When ti o'clock came, the timo for breaking up, it was very hard to tear the children away from such enjoy- ment, and many wore the demands on tho road home for similar parties on their birthdays. WEDDINGS. The rnarriage of Mr. Emanuel Garcia and Miss Jessie Klein was solemnised at the Synagogue, in Brisbane-street, last Saturday afternoon. The Rev. D. 1. Freodman officiated. Tho bride was be- comingly dressed in cream brocade trim mod with lace, ribbons, and orange blos- soms. Mrs. Simmons and Miss Klein, sisters of the bride, looked well in pink and green silk, with toques to correspond. Miss Garcia and Miss Cooko wore pink silk, with black picture hats. Mrs. Garcia, mother of the bridegroom, was in black brocade trimmed with blue. Mrs. B. Garcia wore cream nun's veiling and point lace. After the ceremony the large party of invited guests adjourned to Rosedale, the residence of the bridegroom's parents, whero a déjeuner was partaken of and the usual toasts honoured. Many handsomo and useful presents wero received, including one from the members of the Swan Rugby Football Club, of which the bridegroom is a member. Mr. and Mrs. Garcia during the afternoon left for Mandurah, whero their honeymoon is to bo spent. The marriage of Mr. George W. Archer (of Messrs. Wigg and Son, Hay-street), son of the late W. Archer, Rockhampton, Queensland, and Miss Mabel Isabel Ron- dell, late of Gippsland, Victoria, was cele- brated at tho residence of the bridegroom's sister (Mrs. S. Cox), 131 Newcastlo-sti-eet, in the afternoon of Wednesday, July 27. The ceremony was performed by Mr. A. E. Illingworth, missioner of the Church of Christ, Lake-street, in the presence of a largo gathering of the friends of both parties. The bride was prettily attired in a costumo of cream serge, with wreath and veil, and was attended by Miss Lezars (who wore a becoming costume in white Indian muslin) as bridesmaid. The bride was given away by Mr. Williams (of Perth), and Mr. F. H. E. Martin was best man. After tho " knot " bad been tied, the party sat down to a sumptuous break- fast, where tho usual speeches were en- gaged in. ' Amongst those present were Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Illingworth, Mr. and Mrs. Williams, Mr. and Miss Hair (Kal- goorlie), Mrs. Dalwcod, Miss Lazars, Miss Ridgeway. Mrs. Wood, and Mrs. Cox. Many handsome presents were teudorcd by Iho friends of the young couple, who assomblod in largo numbers, and wero enjoyably entertained at a social entertainment held tho same evening. Tho bride and bridegroom loft by a late train the same night fcr the country on their honeymoon tour. The bride's travelling dross was of groon sorge, trimmed with coffee lace, and hat to match. 