~*íli THE STG&ÎTELLER. -*J* THE MYSTERY OF A MAWS SPIRIT. By JAMES H ODELL." He was the most remarkable man I have eyer met, I may not succeed in showing bim quite to the life in this aocount of him; but in my conversations with him, which were many, that was how he im- pressed me. That is how I regard him now, after more years than I care to count have passed since I last saw him. I daresay that in passing a certain bend in the hue in the Darling Ranges near Darlington, you have noticed a little house, humpy, shed-call it what you like. It is a tumble-down looking placo. As to the outside, it is built of tree trunks, gal- vanised iron, rough thatch, and odds and suds. It was once, I think, one room only. -Other rooms have been added in the shape of lean-tos, in the slap-dash style of bush carpentry. As to the inside the floor Is of clay ; and there is a wide old fashioned kind of'fire-plaoe, built to ac- commodate tbe largest logs that grow on the hill sides ¡round about. Just the place fora picnic, or te pass a day or two, one would ¿hink ; and just the place to drive one mad, one would also think, if he were condemnod'to pass a life time there. But that'was the chosen home of Randal Here- ford, who was the remarkable man 1 have referred to ; and that was the scene of the queerest experience I have ever had -and I have had a good many of one sort and another. It does not matter how I first came to knowihim. That is a small story in itself, hut ,has nothing to do with -what I am about to tell. I-wonder how many nights I have sat at thal» old rougir wooden table of bis, and watched and listened to him. He was a short,-slight, small-featured man, about 40 years of age, and in the prime of his strength. But hu hair was as grey as if he had hoon an old mau. His was the kind of face you would look-at, and then say -to yourself-" That man has kad a great grief, and that has l^ned^us^hair grey." -^Hè was a scholar, wídelyjif^fd:?4^iU6Ícian, and» painter. B^h^^^Wmatea. Of all who knew him^^^«^|hè^iearost approach to what onel»T^[d^^»ft friend hut, At the first atiany^§ate,^here was always something in reserve which told me > I kad little of that confidence that goes with what we call friendship. . He would talk with you, drink with you (and he had some choice wines), smoke with you-and bis cigars Were rather better _ than his wines, if anything-he would play the sweetest airs to you on his loved violin, talk of countries he had seen and men he had .met, but of himself-not a word. .. Ah, those airs he used to play as we sat on starlight evenings outside the door, with the stars twinkling above us through the crystalline night air, the breath and odour of the bush coming fresh and cool down over the hills after the heat of the day, with the shadow of the hills standing out against the tinted sky. I am not an, impressionable man at the best of tames, ' hut he always conquered me with his violin. Then-ah ! yes, then, I have seen fairy landscapes, "where sunny islands, spread across the deep, and old Pacific «¡bants eternal psalms," and have, beard the sweet bells chime across the daisied field. ;'lof infancy ; -tke'world and the ways of the world have shrunk from me- end old hopes, loves, enthusiasms, ambitions have come back -to me ; voices have wooed me ; the old familiar faces have., looked down on me ; eyes have gazed into mine ; certain bandshavestolenoutof themistand claspod mine. Th«re has been no sight or sound of wings, but a great company have some- how been about me! Old college chums have, as it seemed, gossiped with me, and the days that were have come back, when 'the world was mine, Oyster/ and it was so easy-so very easy-to do these things we have all dreamt of doing and never done. And there was joy with a sadness in it and a sadness that had a joy in it. It was all very beautiful-a dream, a vision, and all any carss have dropped from me "like the needles shaken from out the gusty .pine." And when I woke I would see the pale face of Hereford looking up at the stars with his dark eyes with the secret behind them. But master as he was of the violin, he .was a greater master of the brush. He loved painting the best, and it was when he'was painting that he talked the most With his palette and his maul stick and theheautiful ideas inside that grey head,, he was dead to-the' world; and--then he talked as I have never,, heard anyone elsa talk, for he was* a mystic, and-talked -as the mystics do. ' lhere *rere a good many'things about him -that roused my curiosity," but the thing that moved me most was a picture that stood in one corner of the room. It was there when I first sat and talked with him. It haft a 4ight cloth dravomver it, and that cloth always remained there. Nothing very unusual in that itself, but I «aw him often casting about for au easel fora plHöffte^ntscmie;nBw^iotn»B he had "done-hut he never moved that particular ' pißturo; he never seemed to think of using . that easel. No.-doubt he saw the glances I could not help casting at it, but he ignored them-pointedly ignored them, I thought, till I felt the curiosity of Eve in Faradiso. That picture, though for all I knew it might have been the most com- monplace in the world, used to follow mein my di earns. I saw the cloth drawn aside, I saw marvellous things revealed ; I saw shadowy forms stride out of it j I took long nightmare walks along impossible places, followed by those formB, met by those forms, surrounded by those forms. They played violins, they beckoned me, and warned me, and threatened me, till the thing fairly got on my nerves, and haunted me as the ghost of a crime is reported to do in the case of the interesting criminal in young ladies' novels. One evening-it was Christmas Eve, and I was Bitting watching him as he painted. He was silent. He hod been reading a paper when I entered, leaning with his elbows on the table and his head on his hands. He rose when he heard me come in. I saw a strange expression on his face .-you have seen the same on thefaceof a man Who is suddenly roused from a deep sleep. He paused before the picture, and then glanced at me and uttered a word that sounded like the word "soon." Then he became lost in the picture again. After a few moments he surprised me by breaking in on the silence and answer- ing a thought that was then passing through my mind though I had not opënod my lips. I had merely sighed, and he at once said, at if in Teply to something I had spoken aloud "Tes, Randolph's death was untimely the termination of one of tho most pro- " misiug careers of late years." I looked up in surprise, and said " I beg your pardon?" " You were thinking of Lord Randolph Churchill." I was, hut I had not spoken. How did you know ?" "Tory simple. I saw you look at that picture up thereof the battle of Blenheim. You naturally thought* next of Marl- borough, Lord Churchill's ancestor; then you twirled your moustache in a "way* made familiar to all of us in the comic caricatures of Randy; then, -though the cigarettes were -nearest to you and you looked at them, you groped in your pocket for your pipe, and as you lit it you sighed -I hazarded that yon were thinking'of the death of Lord Randolph from cigarette nioking, and I happened to*bB right. Perfectly simple." *' As it happened-at another time you might be wrong." .*' Yea," he said, dreamily, "and yet you know the old adage, 'There ara more things in heaven and earth*-you know the rest. What is mesmerism, what is thought transference, hut the evidence of something lying behind all the outward show of things we see and are used to. Sometimes, practical and gross as we are for the most part, that something is not altogether hidden from us." He stopped and looked at me as if he were debating a point in his mind, then he said "I was reading when you came in. Look at that." He threw down a slip of paper. It read "A gruesome discovery was made by a party of prospectors to-day in the Kanowna district. They were engaged in sinking trial holes over the site of afind -once famous as the Dutch Oven mine, but which had hean abandoned for some years past, when the sudden turn of the spade unearthed the skeleton of a man in almost complete preservation. There is no clue as to who the unfortunate man was, and the only things likely to furnish it are-a girl's photo in a locket, on which isapv parently the monogram AS,, and the mark of an old fracture in the bones of the left arm, as if caused by a pistol bullet.*" "Thatskeleton," he said, "is the skele- ton of my brother. I know it is he. I know the locket. I know the wound ; he indicted it himself when a boy." He left the clipping on the table, and went on " I look back. I see Guy and myself to- gether. He was my hero. We were in- separable. His aims were mine. What he wanted to be, I wanted to be. Our lives and the romance of our lives were mingled in common. His memory, above all memo- ries whatsoever, is oftenest in my mind now. There was an attachment between us that was'more than mere brotherhood.; He .was five years older than I. You re- member what Lord Lytton sayB in 'Devereux'-it is the brother who has just trod that part of the future that lies immediately in front of us who influences ' us most; not the man who is grey-headed and has come near to the end of tho pil- grimage* " *'We were not rich people. The time came when we boys hodtp take our partija the world-in the big struggle to lire. Our father was a teacher. He said I was to be one also, and bo my life became that of a student. Guy went to sea. X looked for his letters like a lover. I^had wanted to ¿go to cea too, jaf.course, bttti kno|rmow that' my father was right? sfül though I am a studious -man, I love people more than books. There is no story like "the grim story without an end that is going fn all round us, which men call life -God's great drama of the World of Men and Women. "With Guy it was different. He was eternally meant for the life of action. Our minds begun alike-we wera alike in our early years, but we were different physic- ally. When we used to wander as boys among the shipping, the interest we felt was, I suppose, equally strong, but different in character. He was for the ship, in its capacity as a ship. As for me, I spun romances from the 6cent of the pines that came up out of the hold, the bales of wool, the spices, from all that made up the cargo, all that came from distant regions, all that had been handled by other men in other lands. Guy's letters kept up the same spirit in later years. He went to the scenes of old romance-to the East, to the West, to the North and South, where great captains and conquerors had sailed strange seas, sought . strange adventures, and gained new lands in the days before our fathers were born. I wish wo could always remain so. There have never been hours' for me like those, when I believed all things, imagined all things, loved all things. -Then I lived in the House Beautiful of my own mind. Now I can no longer go there, nor see the forms that move there, for itis all a sealed and secret garden-except, except when I paint and when I play, and so, alas, it must be with me and-with all of us to the end. Bis millah-as Allah wills, so heit. ' "I said I looked for his letters like a lover, and that reminds me. Alike in other things we were alike in this, we both fell in love with' he same girl. Perhaps "that was natural^enougb, for we had grown up together as children, the three of us. She loved me as a friend. She loved Guy as a sweetheart. I saw that, and I was not contented-but I accepted it. He knew when he went away that he bad nothing to fear in his absence from either me or her " Time passed. Agnes Sheridan and her parente came to Australia, add when the gold rush set in they came west. To make a long story short, Guy made the best of his way. to where he knew-and it was always that way with him«-that in one month, one week, one lucky turn of* the pick, he was te win the wealth he longed for, to share" with her. - "And I-I remained at home. I have said the studious life suited me. So it did -suited me too welL I studied too much. I went far afield. I got deep in occult and mysterious things. My mind got to dwel- ling in twilight and among the tombs among the Egyptian priests, Chaldean magi, and all the rest of it. Ilearnt many things-things of,which I had not before dreamed. My friend, till you study it you have no darkest hint what a house of wonders this mind andbody of ours are. I specialised mysslf on the investigation of the brain. I found marvels-they await all who will search. I have put many scenes on canvas, and I have many more that no brush can ever put on canvas; but I have never even dimly imagined the scenery that dwells in the coarsest human being's souk There there are oceanB, abysses, deserts, vol- canoes, dreary lairs and caverns that fill one 'with an tawe that is unspeakable tempests, sunrises and sun- sets of the mind. Buns with a greater glory : than the sun, stars that are farther than : the stars; there are the groans that no' tongue can utter, mutterings, prayers, Waterloosand Trafalgars that dwarf out; of mention those of the outer world, for ' there is a spectacle 'more grand than the ' sea-it íb heaven ; there is a spectacle more grand than heaven-itis the inmost re- cesses of,the soul/ I read of strange .powers that a man might gain. I longed for them ; I sought them ; I longed for some sign that I had gained something of them myself. Perhaps I was a fool, but a fool is sometimes answered. I got my sign. * "My brother had been away for five years. For the last two of them I had received no letter. You may say, in the case of a man, that may mean anything or nothing. But I think that, so far as orr attachment te one another went, we were not like the general run of men. I knew that something had happened. I went from depression te melancholy, from melancholy to illness. My pulse lowered te a mere flutter, my circulation dwindled, my energy vanished. I thought it was a mere waiting for death. Then thisstrange_ thing happened : " In one of my-sfeepless nights, I looked;, up into the darkness, and said aloadV as if I bad-been spoken to. 'I am waiting. What is it f ' I did not know what I was waiting for. I did not know to whom or to what I spoke. Then L-said * Guy Guy, are you in dagger P Speak to me. I would give my life tosave yours. Where are youP' Remember that when this occurred I was lyirigTat midnight, in my room. * * . *' Without the least sense of any lapse of time, I found myself underground. Another man was with mer I knew him. His name was Dick Harridge/ I knew he, had lift a wife *nd^ottng8ter in* infrian * humpy in Kalgoorlie. I was waiting for ' him at the bottom of the rope that hung from the windlass. He had just lighted a fuse, and was coming towards me. We were about to be hauled up. He stepped in the cow-hid« basket beside me, and said ' One more week, and no more tinnea dog, old man. Lord, won't the old girls eyes bulge when she sees the white cliffs again.' And~ I laughed, and said . ' We're both of us in the same boat, pretty much.' He answered * You mean your Agnes P If s love that makes the world go round/ "We had begun to go up. We were about 12ft. or so in the air. I don't know how it happened. My face was turned up- wards. I heard Harridge say, 4 My God '' There was a lurch that nearly threw me out. I looked, and saw Harridge strike the earth below me. I heard the thud I saw him spread eagle on the ground, and roll over, and lie there, face down, one arm doubled under "him, and blood triok ling from his head. The fuse was sput- tering yards down the drive, with two minutes to run before it went off. I could i calculate it to a moment. I colled out " Lower away I Harridge has fallen out I " I had to repeat it before I could make myself understood. I descended as slowly, it soomed to me, as the hour hand of a clock. The fuse burnt as quickly as a Incifer match. Would there be time ? I said in my soul, " Lord, save me and him, for Agnes* sako." And the basket went on slowly descending. I bore all my Weight on it instinctively-it must get lower before I could jump for it, and it > swayed so.-*hat I could not jump without most likely meeting the same fate as Harridge. I must wait, seeing my mate lying there and the fuse hastening to burn, itself out. I tried to stop the swaying that almost pitched me headlong down! The effort made it worse. Ah, that was a moment ! "And in that moment I remembered little things that had happened when I was a youngster-things 1 had forgotten till then. I was talking with my brother, and wanting to tear myself away and put out that fuse. I was walking down the _ quay to join my ship, and a man stoppod me. He was a tall, dark, thin, starvod looking man, with a sear under his eye his right eye. He asked me to give him half-a-Crown for God's sake; sailors wore always kind coveys, and how would I like to have half a dozen youngsters and devil a bit to give, and the blariky bailiff's in the house, eh, how would I like that, and would I give him half a blooming crown for good luck on the briny ? And4t all took time, and I had so little-so little between me ana that fuse. Its fiery head seemed to say-'Hurry as you like, you must stay to think of these things, yon know.' And there was that other occasion, you must remember that-the coster girl -one morning in spring-with the roses and the bigeyes-and the squalid face-and how you bargained with her for two roses and those three whit« flowers you did not know Jthe name of, or was it two white roses and three red flowers;- er, stop, were they roses or primroses-and was it real dew, or had sht sprinkled them with Thames water? Memory plucked me here and plucked me there, and I had to stay I felt I. Hod to stay, and I turned giddy and licked my lips, and swayed, and tried to stop from swaying-to stop from sway- ing-only a moment-one short moment eternity for that one short moment." ".I'm coming, V^^J.'m ooming,' I said aloud. And ^ottjgh it was to save him I was going, he seemed to be in the plot against me. He lay there motionless-he, too, was delaying me-it j was he and the fuse, between them, that were doing it; he only lay there and waited for me to go to him and save him ; he seemed io be doing it of his own free will-to fall asleep from perversity, to give the fuse more time. "And the fuse was not a fuse. It had taken an expression on itself. It had the expression of a serpent that was thinking, with a human brain behind that fiery body. And it was net emitting sparks ; it was spitting at me, mocking mo, mocking my man's impotence in such a set of cir- cumstances as that, at the impotenoa of the man's contrivance that could lower me no faster than that-it held me like a giant holding a puny dwarf to laugh in his face -to show me impudently how small a matter was my life or death when it had something to de-it had the indifference of the roller that crushes the garden worm. _A thread of 4 fuse," a tiny head of spirting sparks-and yet it was like an avalanche that overpowered me so completely in its play that it did not know it was over- coming me-an idiot that had the power to , stop me on my-way to save a burning city, ' and compelled me to paus« while it piped tome. 3fo word-no collection of words no grotesque image can express what passed in my brain. . . '. *'I found myself on the^gronnd. I was beside the body of my mate. An instant's calculation: It was 25 yards to the fuse that meant moments. Te lift the body and dump it *u the cow-hide basket, that wat, or seemed, on« moment, and in a motaaeut 3twas don«- Then I ahriekedthe motet ¿9jpl* and* «prang for the tuse. Before I could get to it, before I could have got to it in any case, there came the explosion-tile air was filled with flying earth-then there was darkness-then there came a gasping and struggling to breathe-I said, ' This is death '-and then I died, "1 repeat, *I died.' I don't mean became insensible, or seemed to die-but that my spirit passed from me, and in the full and oidinary meaning, I died. " Someone awoke in the same «bed that had been occupied by the brother of Guy. Who was that someone ? Who am I ? " Let me add a strange thing-which is not strange to me When my brother and I parted for the last time we had exchanged a broken coin-it was an old George- the First piece. Guy had worn the part showing the head and wreath. I bad worn the other paf& Touud my neck. When that man woke he looked, being prompted by his natural memory, for tho pieca that showed the head and wreath-that is, Guy's memory looking for Guy's token. That is why I literally do not know who I am that I exist I know, but-who am I ? That it was Guy's body that was found, I am certain ; but that it was Guy's spirit that woke in that room I am equally certain. " WhaÇ had happened ? Who shall eay ? Who shall explain the mystery that is be- hind the spirit of a man? _ " Is it incredible ? Is it more incredible than the fact of a man being born ? Has any man ever explained that, or the essential socret of life? Is it more incredible than other things ? Explain the mysteries and miracles that are around us every day, and I will seek to explain this. More, I will seek to explain theTífcher mystery that is to follow-the mystery of the picture. > " Since that hight I have never seen or heard of Agnes. Nevertheless, I know that she is coming te me again. Since that night I know I have never bean as other men. One night 1 had prepared my can- vas, but I could not paint. I went te bed. I slept, and in my sleep the years fell away from me, and I saw Agnes again. When X awoke her picture was on the canvas. I had arisen and painted it in my sleep, as men have written in their sleep, as mea have composed in their sleep. And ever since then I have waited, and it has waited. That is why X came here-I wait, I wait." ... He ceased to speak, or, rather, he was in« terrupted. ^There was a sound of roaring and rushing-a scream so loud, so long,, so unearthly, so expressive of disaster and destruction, that we both paused and lis- tened with the terror of night-awakened children. We knew what it was, and sprang to the door. Some terrible thing had hap- pened to the train. The roaring continued, and grew louder. The horrible thing about it was that frightful metallic scream, which was the friction of iron wheels on iron raiM The train curved into sight round a bend in the hills as suddenly as it slung from a catapult. Its lights wore a mere streak in the darkness. The velocity \- was so great that it seeineiTlike the trail of a comet. The serpentine body of the train came shooting through the dim neBB like ' an arrow, and with a sickening rock and roll which lifted the wheels from the rails now on this side now on that; and then it was gone through, the valley below us to the fate awaiting ic in the darkness beyond. The sound died out in the distance, and left us in a paralysis of surprise and horror. Hereford laid his hand on my arm. We went huide, and waited. There was » look on his face which I plainly read as * one of expectancy-expectancy and some- thing else that was beyond my .reading. Now and then he bent%is head as if he were praying. . . . I do not know how long we had been thus, when there came a sudden knock at the door. I rose with a nervous start. My nerves were going. He put up his hand. "One moment." His face was the face of a man te whom a revelation is surely about to come. He was standing beside the picture.^Aj»troke of his hand revealed it. It wasfaglrrs face-calm, beautiful, spiritual. * I have waited for this," he said. "It is she who is at the door. She has ooma at last." I opened the door. The original of the picture stood there framed in the door- way. There was a sigh from where Horsford» was standing. His voice quivered with au intonation that is inexpressible as he said-^ "Agnes!" *At the sound of the voieö she looked, past me, and darted into the room. .?Gay!M \ Guy-not Randal. I was not surprised. I had lost the power to be amazed. When J. lool&d; he was raising her gently in his arms to place her on the sofa. Sh» had fainted. "He went to a cabinet for restoratives, and my eyes travelled from. the living face to that of the'picture. They were not merely alike-, they were identi- cal. Time had, passed rapidly-a this streak of light stole through the window, and fell upon the pale face of the girl. II was thB first streak of the Christina» dawn» My story is practically ended, but I add : a part pf a letter I received six months later. ' . . "Agnes and I are married," it read ; " and we are happy. -Strange or not strange, but she thinks of me as Guy, speaks to me. as Guy; it is Guy she sees in my personality. To me it is not strange Not strange how she was saved from the train that night. She had got en to tho footboard, and guided by that destiny which shapes our ends, though she was thrown out she rolled with no injury but a severe shaking down an embank ment, and fromjhere found her way to my house. And now, my friend she and I address ourselves to the task of life and to the future." 