ENGLISH LITERARY NOTES. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, December 17, 1807. To all who care for the literature of the Indian Mutiny Captain Trotter's 'Life of John Nicholson,' just published by Murray, will come as a great boon. Everybody who knows anything about the history of that thrilling period has of course heard the out lines of this magnificent man's career. We meet him in every narrative touching even re motelv the sieeo of Dc-lhi, and Anglo-Indian novelists, from Sir Georgo Ohesney to Mrs. Steele and Henry Seton Merriman, have again and again been attracted to try and draw his fascinating personality. But here in Trotter's 'Life' wo at last know the real man, the genuine hero with all his faults and virtues. And the impression borne m upon one is that this splendid iron willed and able-bodied soldier was put into the world for the mutiny just as he was taken from it directly the supreme crisis had passed. Auionpt Nicholsons warmest admirers was Lord Roberts, from whom come kouio of the most characteristic yarns of the man. Here for example is a striking instance of Nicholson's effective methods with natives during the mutiny :— i 'The faithful Rajah of Karpurthalla had placed in Jalandhar a body of his own troops to protect the station and discharge the duties formerly reserved for our sepoys. As Com missioner of the province lEdwavdes's.old com rade Major Edward Lake desired to pay a befitting compliment to the rajah's officers and sirdars. At his request Nicholson consented to meet them at a durbar in Lake's house. Lord Roberta, who was present as one of Nicholson's staff, shall tell us what happened at the close of the ceremony :— 'General Mehtab Singh, a near relative of the rajah, took his leave, and, as the senior in rank at the durbar, was walking out of the room first when 1 observed Nicholson stalk to the door, put himself in front of Mehtab Singh, and waving him back with an authori tative air, prevented him from leaving the room. The rest of tti6 company then passed out ; and when they had gone Nicholson said to Lake, 'Do you see that General Mehtab Singh has his shoos on?' Lake replied that ho had noticed the fact, but tried to excuse it. Nicholson, however, speaking in Hindustani, said — 'There is no possible excuse for such an act of gross im pertinence. Mehtab Singh knows perfectly well that he would not venture to step ou his own father's carpet save barefooted, and he has only committed this breach of etiquette to-day bejause he thinks we are not in a Eosition to resent the insult, and that e can treat us as he would not have dared to do a month ago.' Mehtab Singh looked extremely foolish and stammered out some kind of apology, but Nicholson was not to be appeased and continued — 'If I were the last Englishman left in Jelandhar you (ad dressing Mehtab Singh) should not come into my room with your shoes on.' Then, politely turning to Lake, he added — ' I hope the Com missioner will now allow me lo order you to take your shoes off and carry them out in your own hands, so that your followers may witness your discomfiture.' Mehtab Singh, completely cowed, meekly did as he was told. Although in the kindness of his heart Lake had at first) endeavored to smooth matters away he knew the natives well, and he readily admitted the wisdom of Nicholson's action. Indeed Nicholson's uncompromising bearing oa this occasion proved a great help to Lake, for it had the best possible effect upon the Kapurthalla people— their manner at once changed, all disrespect vanished, there was no more swaggering about as if they considered themselves masters of the situation.' There is a famous forced march (wbioh I have not time to tell) when Nicholson went in pursuit of a rebel regiment. It was a march of 41 miles, and it was covered in less than 20 hours. And here is one of the episodes : — * During the hottest part of the atternuon a halt was sounded beside a grove of trees in order that our overworn soldiers might snatch ail hour's rest beneath its cool shade. Nichol son, eaeer to nross on. had taken this step with manifest reluctance. One of his officers, on awaking from his brief slumber, enquired for the general, but could not find him among the sleepers. At last he saw Nicholson in the middle of the hot dusty road sitting bolt up rigbt on his horse in the full glare of that July sun, waiting like a sentinel turned to stone, i for the moment when his men should resume their march.' ' 'The Journals of Walter White' does not eomehow sound an exciting title, but those j who persevere with this rather ponderous j tome will find much therein to reward them. Mr.1 White was assistant-secretary to the Royal Society for more than 50 years, aud knew every literary and scientific celebrity of his time. He seems to have been a capital gossip, and his diaries brim with stories good, bad, and indifferent. For instance, under 1848 I chanced to drop upon a_ novel and interesting tit-bit of ' Dicketisiana' attri buted to George Lovejoy, the notable Read ing bookseller: — 'C. Lovejoy hears from Chailes Tilo that Dickens s 'Pickwick' was not at first popular. The work had been ' offered to various publishers, and Chapman and Hall were not over-pleased with their bargain. Tilt sold 1,200 of No. 6, and the publishers sent to Dickens a cheque for £30 over and above the £8 per sheet agreed on. He acknowledged it. i or No. 7 they sent him mi extra cheque for £00, which be did not acknowledge. For No. 8 a cheque for £100, which he. returned. They altered the one into four, and then the author kept it. Altogether he received for Pickwick £1,200 more than was stipulated for.' Side by side with this trtay be placed this description of Thackeray . (1859):— 'While in Chap naari'a counting-house was introduced to Tbackeray, who happened to come in. Had ? ' heard bo often that he was ugly that I was ' .Agreeably surprised to find him otherwise, be }ta6& lively eye, fresh color, and an appearance ...bf.old youth of youthful age. In reply to a 1 tamarkof F, Chapman's he said that if he had »ridh uncle ho should strangle him. Then ;.-J&Cv;'rr- You say that who can write such *?, lioiOKS-f why if I could write such books as ? -r- -Mutb I wouldn't envy even RotusohilaY' ? Q( Oftrlyle we get 'several glimpses, especially jfl the Report of a long conversation between lrfm And Charles Kingsley. Of Mrs. Carlyle tfjB 'TiaVfl this characteristic touch (1859) :— ?'''? 'Bead A letter from Mrs. Carlylo, dated Aber deen, £aya She haa fill that is essential to hoppi ' ' ness, except the faculty of being happy.' Rudyard Kipling has a ballad and a story in . the ©fcfistmaB numbers. The latter, 'The '?' jfotob of His Ancestors,' is a capital yarn in -?'?f'inUi ?Wrifer** finest Indian vein and forms the , chief attraction of fl leviathan double number oi Peareoh'tMontJdp. -ThobMnA X don't rare for so ??JBfobtti- It deals with the hunger of ypoiih fo* ^vejjittifes and ifloftlled 'The Feet oi^e YouniKten.' The refrain ruwj— He must (fo— go— go away from here. (in the other aide the world he's overdue. 'Bend your road is clear before you when the old Spring fret comes o'er you, And the Red Gods call for you 1 The best verse is the one describing a youth's reokless joy in sailing a fishing smack on racing northern seas. I* makes one almost taste the keen, crisp, briny breeze. Do you know the shallow Balt'c where the 'seas are quiet and Bhort, Where the bluff, lee-boarded flailing lugpers ride ? Do you know the Joy of thrashing leagues to leeward of your port On a coast you've lost the chart of over side ? It is there that 1 am going, with an extra hand lo bale her— Just one single 'long-shore loafer that I know. He can take his chance of drowning, while lsail and sail and sail Her, For the Rea GodE call me out and I must -ro. But good as this sort of verse is of its kind, i let us not forget that Kipl ing can do far greater things. In the poem par excellence of Jubilee year, 'The Recessional' (just republished in 'Literature'), lie gave us a hymn which crystallises in five verses feelings and senti ments that in different ways have passed through the mind aud heart of every religious, right-feeling, and patriotic Briton. When I read them again in 'Literature' ('The Recessional' originally appeared in the Times of July 17) they struck afresh a chord of keenest satisfaction. This, I thought, is what you want a j:oet laureate for. Many seroious were preached on the lessons of the Jubilee, but none went home more completely than this 'Recessional' with its earnest virile prayer — Lord Ood of Iloats, be with us yet Lest we forget— lest we forget. The New Review, like the National Observer, has come to grief, and W. E. Henley once again retires into private live. He stands out as a striking instance of the truth that no clique, however august and seemingly power ful, can make a man if the public won't have him. The New lteview failed for many of the reasons which financially damned the National Observe/-. Both were brilliantly clever, but, like George Mere dith, Whistler, and Gissing, tho average individual couldn't live up to them. In short they were 'caviare to the general.' Like all minor poets steadily ascending the ladder of fame, William Watson is victim equally of too gushiug friends and ridiculously malignant detractors. Both have, vulgarly speaking, ' written themselves silly' over the slim booklet of verse entitled ' The hope of the world,' just published by John Lane. I have read i t, and I must say I see no cause to use superlatives one way or the other. Re membering what Watson has achieved in the East we naturally expect a good deal from ini. He ranks of course miles above such bardlets as usually find sanctuary at the Bodley Head. - Still I think encomiums like, 'the genius of impassioned wit' and 'tfie poet epigrammist' decidedly over strained. The volume, to be quite prosaic, contains the pieces, some finely wrought, some obviously fugitive, which William Watson has contributed to magazines and papers during the last few months. Incomparably the finest, I think, is ' The Unknown God,' which was much discussed on its first appearance some time ago. It takes its key-note from thab utterance of pure pantheism among the newly discovered 'Sayings of Jesus' which hai so potently thrilled the imagination of the world. The poet rejects — A God whose ghost, in arch and aiele, Vet haunts hie temple — and his tomb ; But follows in a little while Odin and Zeus to equal doom ; A God of kindred seed and lips ; Han's giant shadow, hailed divine. O streaming worlds, O crowded Ek.r, O Life, and mine own soul's abyss, Myself am scarce so small that I Should bow lo Deity like this ! Tiiis mj Begatter ? This was what Man in his violent youth begot. The God I know of I shall ne'er Know, though he dwells exceeding nijjh ; liaise thou the stone and ftn t mt there. Cleave thou the wood and there cm 1. Yea, in my flesh his epirit doth How, Too near, too far, for me lo know. Unmeet to be profaned by praise ts he whose colle the world enfold ; The God on whom I ever gaze, The God I never once behold. Above the cloud, beneath the clod, The Unknown God, the Unknown GoJ. J An Australian friend asks me to dot down 12 miscellaneous readable books published in 1S07 which he aud his family can take up country and peruse at leisure without (they confess to average intellects) being bored : — Biography — Tennyson. Travel — Nansen's 'Farthest North.' Novels— 'In Kedar's Tents,' 'At the Cross Roads.' Romances — 'St. Ives,' 'Chevalier D'Auriao.' Boys' books — ' Captains Courageous,' ' Deeds that Won the Empire.' Serious —Watson's 'Potter's Wheel.' Children — 'Adventures in. Toylaud,' 'Here They Are.' Picture-book—' The Three Bold Babes.' Those of your readers who wish to get a correct idea 'of the late Duchess of Teok may be referred to an admirable appreciation in the December Contemporary by Lady Jeune. Few ladies outside the royal family knew H.R.H. better than Sir Francis Jeune's popular and philanthropic wife. The duchess and her ladyship shared the responsibilities of countless good works and the latter was one of the few who when necessary rebelled against Princess Mary's autocratic will. Lady Jeune sums up her appreciation of the duchess's character in these jndicious sentences :— ' She bad the greatest gift vouchsafed to any one, and that was that for nearly all her life she had a good sound constitution and great physical strength and these gave her the elasticity of spirit whioh made her so charming a companion and enabled her to undertake work which would have been im possible for a delicate woman to carry out. She was not perfect— no one would say she was— but she had qualities which, as we have before pointed out, would have made her a remarkable personage in any rank in life. She had a quick impulsive nature and temper which always accompany a character like hers, and she felt and spoke strongly when her feelings were roused, but sho had great power, self control and patience, and she never forgot that she was a princess, with all the responsi bilities and obligations which that position entailed. Her command of her temper, often under great provocation, was admirable, and she was devoid of all the small feelings of jealousy which so often mar and ruin a woman's career. She was in truth a busy woman— her life was too full to permit the small worries which so often cause unhappi ness to disturb her. She was not method loal, or very punotual, or aocustomed to an orderly partition of her time, but she had a. memory which never deserted her, and was always able to remember where she placed things, and she never allowed, in spite of her many and varied engagements, any appointment she made to overlap or clash.' Here are a few hints anent coming good things -.—George Gissing's next novel will deal with the lives of 'commercials,' and is to be called 'The Town Traveller.' The new editor of 'To-Day' has not so far improved on Jerome K. Jerome. If anything, indeed, the periodical reads duller than it did before. Pett Ridge's new Btory ' Mord Emily' is to appear therein. Stanley Weyman supplies the serial for 'Cornhill' next year, and W. E. Norris does one for 'Temple Bar.' Let us pray {the latter may bo an improvement on 'Marrietta's Marriage.' A correspondent of the Daily Mail learns tint wbsa its. Obovc Wiide waa in London last week he made arrangements with, a pub lishing house, which is also interested in a New York paper, for tb.fi appearance of his new poem entitled, 'A. Ballad of Reading Jail : by 0.33.' ' His Grace of Osmond^ fulfils the accepted theory concerning sequela in that it is much inferior to 'A Lady of Quality.' Clorinda Wildairs was a daringly original character, Bupsrbly conceived, and most artistically .oarried out. The Duke of Osmonde, for all his mascu line perfections, doesn't ring real. He is too good to be true. Such a hero couldn't have existed in the eighteenth century. Instead of being popular he would bave been cried down for an intolerable prig. The moment we like him best is when he fights Sir John Oxon and almost— but not quite— loses bis temper. Mrs. HodgBon Burnett couldn't write a book which wasn't clever, and yoa will all of course read ' His Grace of Osmonde.' It fillB up many cracks jn the history of Clorinda Wildairs. But in the list of its author's works this one won't rank high. Stephen Crane was at the National Liberal Club on Saturday -with Harold Frederio, who introduced him to Louis Becke, Pritchard Morgan, and one or two other members. The author of 'The Red Badge of Courage' is a elim, sallow, little American, with a drooping moustache which appeared to me to conceal a set sneer. Whether he can talk or not I don't know, as Frederic and Becke kept up an ex ohange of life's littlest ironies into which the rest of us dared not penetrate. Personally I felt a peculiar interest in young Crane, having reviewed his life's work when he was given oub as dead a year ago. One doesn't often come across a man whose obituary notice one has written. 