THE CQURTiNC OF BIDDY. Remember Biddy J Why yes, I should rather think I do I She wae tilth us ivlien we were stationed ut Liverpool, and hud yon comfortable luuso in frince's-road. She was one of tho nicest servants I have ever hud. Besides being a good e™!c, she kept everything in app'e-pio order, and got on su well with tho oLIior domestics. Ah, she was a perfect treasure ! It was an ill day fpr me when Biddy smiled. Yes, WO tpok Biddy with us .when wo were transferred from Cork. Slio never bothered about night's out or holitfuvs. If she got out ciice a weok to eirly mass, from which ehe was always home in time to prepare eight o'clock break.fiibt, and once to chnpcl on Sunday, sho was content and iiappv. Jim bad got hi* leave, nnd wis going north for a big shoot at Btirneloso, and I hnd arranged to have painters in to do up the drawing-room rluring his absence, when Biddy asked if sho could have a week's holiday to go down to Cork to visit her own pooplc, and attend hor uldett brother's wedding at Carriguliue. "Sure, mem, if it was to be after putting ye about at all it's not for gDin^ I would be, but secin' the matter is to he uway, and thin) painters coniin 1 messin' around, to as yo can't have a bit o' (lucent company to divert ypursilf, thinks I to incself, " Sure, Biddy, just ax the missus. If it is not to ber mind she can but refuse for sure.' " I was only too pleased that things lilted in so well, and so Biddy duly departed for Cork, with permission to remain away for ten days. Therefore, imagine my surprise when just that day week, Janet, our tall, prim Scotch table-maid opened the morningroom door, and said: " i'icase, mem, hero's Biddy 1 " I was surprised to see the ghost of a smile hover around Janet's lips, a most unusua occurrence, as Janet was not given to mirth. There, sure cnoogh, stood Biddy, be deoked in a eky-blue silk gown, a black velvet mantle, bountifully bespangled with gee-gaws, und, crowning all, a bonnet gorgeous to behold, with ribbons the colour of tho rainbow and a perfect garden of roses of divers hues, while above thom wiggled a bird of purudisr. For a moment I gazed in astonishment; then I said -. " Well, Biddy, you ure what the Scotch call • unco' braw ' 1 I hopo that you have enjoyed yourself. We did not cxpcct you before Friday. It was good of you to come back ns soon as you could 1" " l'luse, nicm, I've not come bn.ck," snid Biddy, hanging her head on one side, and looking very red and rather guilty. •• Not come back 1" I cried, laughing. " Why, Biddy, it'H a self-evident fact tliut you h.ive comb hack !" " Yes,mem," says Biddy, meekly ; " but not to stop, if ye pluse." " Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy ?" asked I, utterly at a loss. Biddy looked down ut tiie floor, then up at tho ceiling, and then down at the floor nnco moro ; twisted a voluminous white musiin pocket hundkerehiof— much boslurchcd—into a round b ill os if ehe were making dumplings, thou blurted out the astounding information : " Sure, mom, 1 can't stop wid you, fo rl have tuak a man I" " Toole a man I Biddy, do you menn to tell me you havo gono and got married ':" " Yes, if yc plas-o, metn." And Biddy lookeu prepared to dissolve into tears. " Biddy," said I vr.itMuUy, " I niu disappointed in you I To go and dcceivc me in this way ! Why did you not honestly^ tell me you wcro getting married ? could have been looking out for someone to fill your place." " Oh, mem ! I never went for to decave ye. No, pluse hear me. Sure, I got married uuhuknown.like to ineself." M Nonsense, Biddy 1 You should be ashamed of ynur.^lf," said 1, angrily. " By nil tho blcsfcd saints it's tlio truth I uin after tolling ye, mem ! Sure, I never seed Tcrcncu O'Mullcy before I left this Iioubc lust week, ns suto as pigs is pigs ! There was no doubting tho girl. She was downright in earnest. " Come, then ; eit down and explain matters, Biddy." " Yes, njem, and thank ye kindly." And Biddy mopped her eyes and the whole of her good-humoured countenance, and commenced: •• Sure, then, I was just after taking me ticket for Coik, and soma rough, coarse drover-boys wero squeezing mo out of their road—bad luck to their ill-manners !— whon a well-put-on young m;in afore mo, says he, ' Young woman, hero ye are ; slip in and bo after £ottin' yer ticket, and I'll keep thoy cattle boys oil ye !' Sure, glad was I lo do as lie bid ; and hs I gathered up me change I looks over me shoulder. ' Thank ye kindly,' said I, wid a smile. Sure, could I do less, I axe ye, mem 1" " No-oh, np." " ' Sure, then,' soys he, at my back, • I like your smile,' says he. " So 1 lpoks round, nnd I smiled agin 1 • Ye bo gping tp Cprk,' 6ay.i lie. " ' Fpr sure,' ;ayi I. " 1 Sp is meself,' says he. 'Indeed,' says I. v? v " ' Ye?; then en te (Jarrigaline,' says lie. " ' indeed !' says I. " * Tp mo sister's widdin'. She iB getlin' pne Mat McKecn.' " ' Never !' euys I. " ' For sure,' says ho. " * Why, he is me brudder,' Fays I. " • Never,' says he. " 1 Yes !' says L " " Shake hands '.' says he. ' With pleasure,' says I. And sure, now, is not tljjit all about it, mem ! We was married yesterday." 