INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. [From Melbourne Papers.] J VICTORIA. > BAIXAHAT, August 1. A pitiful tale of sin and suffering has been disclosed to the police in the open a case of a young unmarried woman named Mary Doughan, aged 22, whose mother I lives at Donald. The girl has been in service at Elaine, and who b the state of her health rendered her departure necessary, she came to Ballarat. For several days she managed to house herself at nights in cheap lodging-houses, and to find food in the broken victualling of neighbouring hotels. On Friday night, in the time of her greatest trouble, however, the unfortunate girl was driven to take refuge in a dilapidated shed at the rear of Nettle Bros.' foundry. Here she was discovered, with her child, yesterday, and conveyed to the maternity ward of the Benevolent Asylum, where she is now doing as well as can be expected, with her infant. The wretched mother had little, if any, food up to the time of her discovery, and was so weak that she was just able to crawl outside the hotel to catch a little rain water in her hands in order to moisten her parched throat. CASTLEMAINE, July 30. It is alleged that a "ghost" nightly disports itself around the Camp Reserve, and ladies and children are afraid to cross the reserve at night. The " ghost " evidently iLses stilts, les it towers something like 7ft. high. A number of young men from the fire brigade were out to-night looking for the "apparition," and were prepared to give it a great reception find they come across it. HORSHAM, July 31. The band of Greek gipsies arrived in Horsham by train from Dimboola yesterday afternoon. They were very anxious to land in Horsham, but the Mayor (Councillor Curran) and Mr. Bailes, sub inspector of police, met them on the station, and arranged with the station master that they should not be allowed to get out of the carriages. The Mayor paid their fares, on to Murtoa, and also gave them food and supplied them with a little money. They appeared to be greatly dis- appointed at being kept in the train. ICOKUMIIUUIIA, August. Three years ago Mr. Morton, stationer, had his place broken into on a Sunday night, and a cash-box, containing £35 in cash, postal notes, and stamps, stolen. No clue could be found to the robbery. On Saturday last, as a boy was walking through, the scrub close to Dittcriclrt slaughter-yard, he noticed the end of a cash-box protruding from a hollow log. On examining it, he discovered it to be the one stolen from Morton's three years ago. The box had been through the bush fires, but, although the cash was all gone, a- chequebook, two postal notes, and a number of papers only showed signs of a little fire and water. SALE, July 31. An old and well-to-do grazier, of Hoy field, Mr. Thomas Kenevan, son., was burnt to death yesterday at Dawson. The deceased left his home at Winindooii yesterday afternoon, and proceeded to his property at Darwin, where he was burning off timber alone. Subsequently he was found burnt beyond recognition, in a fire , hole at the stump of a tree. The only portion of the body recovered with the lower portion of one leg and a foot. I 