WILD EELIN : HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of 'A Daughter of Heth,' 'A Princess of Thule,' 'Madcap Violet,' 'In Far Lochaber, ' 'White Heather,' 'Stand Fast, Craig- Royston,' 'Highland Cousins,' &c;, &e.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIII.— Playing with Fire. From the top of the Castle Hill at Invernish it is possible for one to discern — far away in the south, beyond the most distant undula tions of the ever- receding landscape— it iB pos sible for one to discern the square towers and little corner turrets of Westminster Abbey. But then there are conditions ; to behold that incorporeal vision one must have the pulsating blood of four-aud- twenty and the imagination of a poet, and a brain all afire with wild Bchemes and dreams. Any ordinary mortal — not being a newly-emancipated draper's clerk, with vehement ambitions and wistful eyes would on this particular morning have noticed nnf.hino1 nnh rtf tllA pnmmrm ovpAnf no^Viona that the wide-stretching country looked un usually fresh and cheerful after the heavy rain of the night. For already, at this early hour, the skies had entirely cleared ; the azure dome was without a speck of cloud ; the trees were basking in the welcome warmth ; and the blue river raced down between its vividly green banks, washing high along the grass because of the swollen current. But those- twin towers, spectral and pale, that ~ rose above the dim. horizon — silvery-grey they were, and ethereal, and ghost-like— appearing.far away behind the wooded uplands, and far away behind the films of ultramarine that spoke of the mountains ranged about Glen Urqubart and Balmacaan ; well, who 'but one of all the inhabitants of Invernish could summon up those phantasmal structures? And what lay; between Archie Gilchrist and the famous shrine that seemed to stand at ? the very world's end ? Why, at the best and happiest, nothing less than the des perate struggle of a lifetime, with all the chances of breakdown, and . failure, and bitter renunciation. But' then,- if there were success? If one could add one's name to the proud roll of England's writers? Other prizes .might . jgo to other men, and 'welcome; love, wealtb}'power, even the seU-gratifioation of philanthropy— he coveted none of these ; but to sleep through the cen turies with the mighty dead, rsurel/ that were no ignoble ret, and in the meantime no ignoble aim, though one's existence were burnt -mp by theflameof.it.. The foolish. lad ! — Borne one ought to have told him to go baok to his galli pots'—or at least to his gum- pot and his pair of scissors, and his snipping of paragraphs. ? But these earl? morning rambles, when he seemed as it were to have all the universe to himself,' were strange and solitary things ; and perhaps hiB head had been a little bit turned by his recent promotion ; and after a night of persis tent rain sometimes the. air is astonishingly pure, so that quite impossibly distant objects may come within the sphere of one's eight. Westminster Abbey— for & recently, liberated draper's clerk? The madness' of .the desire was pathetio in ite way. ' And this ypUng man, with all his paBsionate hopes imd bewildering Aspirations, was very much -alone.- ^ '.'??? .._:: ?; ; And, thediyine' ttiystery iand wtonoe'rlrof ?. loj* ? —was that also to Lorentounc^— to ie-cutbuti of Ahe^periferviu imaginings nof & ?youtjhjof #bufc ahdilj-tanty?, :\Y;eBy$h'^ of: a$qu$i3bf ifou^nO^^^Sf^.^ could there be aught else tkan tragedy? Th- ' belle dame Bans merci' had smiled upon him to his undoing ; and she was free to work he* will with him; and he would not complain. He indulged in no illusions. He was not likely to go the poor old woman living up at Ding wall and say toher — ' Mother, my worldly wealth consists . of thirty shillings a week and a cartload of idle chimeras; never* theless Misa Macdonald of Kinvaig has' con* sented to marry me ; and don't you think you should be proud of such a daughter?' On the other hand, when Miss Macdonald, of Kinvaig, having amused herself for a while with this young newspaper man, should send him to the rightabout, would lie howl and rage and call for revenge ? Not at all. There was no trace of that arch- ingr&te;, Claude Mel- ': notte, in' the nature of the Jnvernieh youth. Why, he had already foreshadowed what 'was - to happen to him and her in these hopeless cir cumstances; and the foreshadowing had naturally taken the shape if a bit of verse, for four-and-twenty likes to talk to itself in . that way. He had even been at the trouble of dotting the final e's, so that when his pathetio piece should hereafter come to be published, the uninstructed might be guided into giving the proper pauses to the familiar French line: LA BELLE DAME SAKS MERCI. Through sunlight, rain, and nhiae, and snow, And ever 60 many a year ago. What was it that she did to me, La belle dame saus merci? No harm I did to her : a kiss Or now ot then were not amiss ; But to slab deep— ah, that was she— La belle dame sana merci ? And she goes singing on her way : God send her may a happy day! For heart-strings broken she must uot sec. La belle dame eans merci. All this was a very pretty fancy and could have done no harm to anyone concerned if i' had stopped with the writing of verses ; but here, on Invernish Castle Hill, the hero of this undeveloped tragedy was engaged in asking himself at what hour that afternoon it would be proper for him to call on the two ladios at Glengarva House, and he was wondering whether he could induce Miss Macdonald to co-operate with him in a certain small literary project. He did not stay to reflect that there is such a thing as playing with fire. It was about half- past 4 on. this same day that Wild Eelin— who was not at all a 'bella dame sans merci ;' no, nor anything like that ; Archie Gilchrist would have got nearer the mark if he had recalled the Shepherd's rhyme about 'My love she's but a lassie yet' ? She's neither proud nor saucy yet, She's neither plump nor gaucy yet ; But just a jinkin, bonnie, blinkin, Hilty skilty lassie yet. —well, Miss Eelin, finding herself alone in tits house— for her mother had gone to pay a call, and most of the maids had been allowed a half-holiday so that they might attend certain Highland sports that were taking place in the neighborhood — Miss Eelin considering that she had worked long enough at tho stitching of a blue-grey blouse that she was economically making for herself, thought shs would get out of doors and have a littlo exercise. Just round the corner from her bower of honeysuckle and roses, and in the* midst of a grove of tall beeches, there wa9 hung a swing, and when she had comfortably seated herself she forthwith proceeded to kick herself into the air. But she was a skilful performer ; it waa no ordinary feat shs was bent on, and terrestrial aid was soon dispensed with as altogether too igno minious. What she had set her mind on was to touch with her toes a certain projecting branch of a lime tree opposite her ; and this - she aimed at by means of the well-known trick — that is to say, on the backward rise sh» pulled herself up by the arms so that she waa hardly seated at all, then when the chair cams down again she shot out her legs horizontally, with a final upward spring as if she would fling herself to the zenith. ' Ah, but I will !' she was saying with clenched teeth, as eaoli time she went, with a whizzing rush through the air, and ever and ever she was gaining a few inches, so that her up-thrown toes were getting nearer and nearer to the coveted branch. ' Ah, but I will ! Yes, if I break inv back ! I'll show Lily Neile what swinging is ! She has never been within three yards of that branch. Ah, you beast, I nearly had you that time— well, now, this time — this time ? ' And again she went cleaving through the air, throwing herself up and ou^ as though she would pitch herself feet first into the Moray Firth or on to the top of the North Pole. 'You brute, I was within an inch of you that time ! But I'll do it— yes, I will — yes, I will !— If I break lay back ! I'll show Lily Neile what swinging is ? ' And then she laughed to herself, in trium phant exultation ; for at last one foot jusk managed to touch the outermost twig ; and she knew that Lily Neile might be challenged and defied a hundred times over ; for that twig Lily Neilo never would touch, no, not if she fractured her spine in the frantic en deavor. And still the young acrobat con tinued this hurtling of herself through the air,, for the mere rush and exhilaration and im petus of the thing ; and her garments were flying anyhow; and long ago her blue Tata o' Shanter had gone by the board, and her hair was tossing free; and. she cared for nothing in life at all save the stiff backward poise, and then the terrific downward plunge, and the breathless swoop upwards again to the - green leaves and the sailing heavens. And sometimes she touched the twig, and some times sho did not ; she hardly cared ; she knew that Lily Neile was defeated out and away for ever and ever ; and with no aim or object to distract her she could now abandon herself to this wild animal delight of poising herself and : then hurling herself down and up again to tho skies. ' Which was all very well, but of a sudden black horror seized her; for down there by the corner of the bouse appeared a creature — a ' man creature — with a tall hat and a frock coat and kid gloves, and apparently he had been piloted on to the soene by the great big freokled, red-haired, blundering-headed Morag. How Eelin Maodonald managed to retain her position on this little piece of timber it 'is im possible to say. If in her fright she had fallen she would doubtless have broken her neck. As it was the worst that happened to her was that she nearly tore the soles off her shoe3 on the gravel in stopping herself, and then with such dignity as waa left her, which was nob very muoh, and with blushing and confusion and nevertheless a kind of half -concealed giggling in the eyes, as of a sohoolgirl caught, she went forward to receive her visitor. - What she thought of the blundering-headed - Morag cannot be recorded in print. . : ? : But her visitor was quite as confused as her- ??; ' ' eelf ; for although he had consulted a manual ' of etiquette as to the1 proper hour and the ^ proper costume for an afternoon call,- thai1 -;':$. authoritative guide had .not-told him;hbwtCv^ . 'vvj behave on finding himself confronted bjrj,.''1. :'.£ young damsel shooting .hersel£;thrbughrthe ftti : v. -; £.; like a meteor entangled in petticoats. And;; :..:, ,j although she was very-sauve, arid gentle, ang .-. courtMMB,,.he could jsee .that -her. eyes were : ., . ; still occultly JaughioK i «««? ?' he. wanted -*0 ' ;: explain- tTiatThe. had'aBked for hwmamms,,; ,:- ??? nnd that he.had'beeta. brought, round into the --'.,;?' garden, through - uoi wish 'air* intention of his u.. '.?;_'?--. «wri,-'b'utririih^lf^y''his'iolIoTO^ Ipffthe; Highland inaidservantiTs,nd lieiwjahed .£-££;?£ ?fo apologise |or hia ';in^S^/-&d;:iho.'aUin6i'i-lf::J'-^ jinpw*qrv*o*^ «q£-vkljv|?tfiind.;!^ idun'dihirnsBlf feeited in a^arden johiiurimfwniM^g^ donald (still with her eyes self-conscious and darkly amused) was seated opposite to him, ' and she had sent the fatuous Morag for some iea, and she was listening gravely to the literary project upon which, to Have himself ? from unendurable agony, he had at once entered. And yet he was cunning. He began by saying that he had observed again and again In the ' White Oookade' papers the remarkable skill with .which Bhe could introduce an inci dent and make it effective ; and he knew that he himBelf was helpless in that Hue ; but perhaps with her kind direction— or. coopera fion, rather— the idea he had thought of might be carried out. 'Yes, and what in it, Mr. Gilchrist?' said she most sweetly ; but all the same she was thinking back and inwardly praying and fcoping that her skirts had been conducting themselves in a decorous manner during her meteoric performances. ' Yea, that's just it— I don't know where to start I1' said he ; but in truth his main con cern at thia moment was the tall hat he wore. Why had not the manual of etiquette told bimlwhat to do with a hat in a garden? It would Beem absurd to take it off and put it on the trrass; and yet, on the other hand, how could he sit covered in the presence of Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig? 'Yes, that's just it,' he continued. 'I cannot construct. I don't know where to begin and where to end. But I'm sure you could, Miss Macdonald ; you would understand how to get the thing into shape j that I am sure of.' The literary project did not seem to form itself somehow. Her eyes were such inexpres sibly beautiful tilings to look at; they were so deep and clear, and of such a wonderful dark eea-blue ; and the black eyelashes gave them an indescribable pathos and an intensity of inte rest, and a kind of strange inviting sympathy ; it was no marvel that a young man's thoughts became somewhat confused. Nevertheless, he bad to make a plunge. 'You take a doctor,' said he. 'Yes?' said she— and those eyes of hers were so distracting that he knew if he failed to win encouragement from them the Devil'sKirn would that very night eee an end to his torrows. ' Yes, you take a doctor,' he went on. But just at this moment she happened to put the tips of her fingers on the table ; and the sight of them fascinated and dazzled him ; for when bad any mortal man beheld a hand so small and plump and white, with such exquisite filbert-shaped nails ? The daintiness of them — and of the little fringe of lace at the edge of the blue-white cuff. ' You take a doctor — in a large provincial town,' he said, with a desperate resolution: ' and he has a very considerable practice ; and all at once he is accused of a felony, and un justly convicted and sentenced to penal servi tude ? ' ' Ob, yes !' said she— and she was following him now ; sue had begun to forget about her flying skirts. 'Not only that, but when the doctor comes out his friends will not believe in his inno cence ; one aud all they cut him ; his patients decline his visits; in fact, society is at war with him. Very welL In his indignation and rage he resolves on revenge. While he was in prison he made the acquaintance of a gang of burglars ; and when they come out he goes and joins them. And then you see, Miss Mac donald ? ' 'Yes?— yes?' Just heavens, if only her eyes would leave Lim alone for a moment ! His intellect was clear enough— if only she would leave him alone ! And the literary scheme was simple, too — but for this bewilderment that sent all his senses wool- gathering. 'And then a most astonishing series of burglaries begins in thia provincial town. Someone seems to know the habits of life of each family — the dinner-hour— when the outer door is unlocked— how certain landings can be reached when the servants are engaged — the ?whereabouts of the principal bedrooms ? ' 'Oh, I understand— I understand 1' she cried. 'The doctor] Capital! Excellent 1' ' Yes,' said he, very much relieved, 'but — but. where would you begin the story ! And what would the end be ?' 'Oh, never mind the end at present.' said she, gaily. 'Let's have the mysterious be ginning — the unaccountable burglaries. And there must be a young woman in it somewhere, you know.' 'I had no thought of that,' he answered her, dubiously. 'Oh, but that is absolutely necessary,' she contended. 'A crime without a young woman in it isn't half a crime. Why, she must be the doctor's fiancee I Then her' mother's house is to be broken into. Remorse Eeizes him. He knows she has angina pectoris, or housemaid's knee, or something that will suddenly kill her. He— oh, what does he do — oh, Mr. Gilchrist, what does he do! — it must be something wild and splendid ! — heroic, you know— he precipitates himself into — into— something ; yes, he precipitates him self — into something ; and then he dies— with- out a word of reproach ; and she— what doeB she do, Mr. Gilonrist ?— oh, at the very last moment Bhe discovers he has been falsely accused — and unjustly condemned— and of course he mustn't die for just another minute, until she tells him.' She was far more nimble-witted than be ; or perhaps it was the unconscious beguiling of her eyes that perplexed him into silence and listening ; at all events on she went with her quick, disconnected, half-mirthful sugestions ; besides which, she was pouring out tea for him, and offering him bread and butter, and strawberries, and the like. Poor lad, he was overwhelmed with shame. To think that Miss Macdonald should wait upon him — when gladly he would have crawled upon the ground to serve her as a slave. But then the fool of a manual had not told him whether it was his place to pour out the tea; and again her merry suggestions demanded respectful heed ; and ever and always 'the stound, the deadly wound, cam frae her een sae bonnie blue.' And then the mother of this young lady ap peared upon the scene, concealing her surprise with an admirable serenity and kindliness ot manner ; and she was most interested (for What interested her daughter interested her) in the literary co-partnership ; and she happened to indicate that if these two together could get a £5-note from some magazine editor for their tale about the doctor-burglar she would be pleased to receive the same for her convalescent cottage at Nairn. And Archie Gilchrist, to himself, swore a sacred oath that if any exer tion on his part would procure the money it certainly should be forthcoming. And then, somehow, his intoxicating and unnerving visit drew to a close ; and both of these ladies were fio gracious as to say they would be pleased to fiee him again to discuss the further aspeots of this literary venture. The poor youth t— he aid not know with what fire he was playing, or how easily 'just a jinkin, bonnie, blinkin, hilty skilty lassie' might, without any inten tion on her part, become the deadly 'bello name sans merci.' Chapter XIV.— An iNNOom&r; Beth**.**. ' The grandest splore that me and David laggart ever had together was when we was n Ireland,' said Maxwell, the gardener, with lie mysteriously- twinkling eyes fixed on the arge and impassive countenance of the Hiflrh , and lass Morag. That jmpassive expression deceived him. She had had her instructions (com Mias Eelin. Bhe was deliberately letting tho poor swaggering evil-doer fall headlong into* trap. ; k .,*? And were you not telling me that you yourself was Haggarb the murderer ?' she ob served without even looking at him. ' Sometimes I may have that black thinking in my mind ; sometimes no,' he answered her. 'It's juBt accordin' to the tranamotion o' souls, but that's a doctrine that's beyond ye, my braw lass. Ye've no the eddication or the introspection for that But what I was saying was about the splore that me and Haggart had in Ireland. Ay $ that waB something, I promise ye. Ay, ye never heard o' the like, 1 11 bate ye. Me and him we got on new toggery, and we picked up twa blones— but ye'll no ken .what's that ? ' 'Maybe I am knowing very well, and maybe I am not ; but if it is anything wrong I will speak to ray miBtress,' said Morag, severely. ' Ye idjit, it's jist twa lasses !' said he, with scorn. 'And if there's onything wrong about them theniBelves can tell best, I jalouse. Ay, and off wo set in a jaunting-car, with a boy to drive us; ay, and we was a whole month drivin' through Fermanagh, and Cavan, and Derry — a hundred and ninety pounds it cost us. And a' pleasure, woman !— no, a stroke o' business the hale time ; from end to end I never put my form into a single keekclog.' And now his face grew darker ; and his eyes wore twitching still more nervously. 'But I'm baying— listen to this— that was naething to Downpatrick — Lord save us, that was uaethinpr to the awfu' goings-on in the jile at Downpatriok 1 Me and some more lads locked up in one o' the cells fand out that there were fancy blones in the next cell ; ay, and what did we do then ? When the three days' provisions had been Berved out to us— for that'B the wye they do there— we tore up the pavement and blockaded the door ; ay, and then we broke through to the blones ; and then we barricaded their door jist the same. Oh, what a debatch that was 1 twa days o' terrible, terrible debatchery I The like o't was never heard o' in any jile in the kingdom ? ' But now was Morag's chance. * ' You are boasting of it a great deal, but I am sure it was nothing at all !' she said with open contempt. ' No— nothing at all ! What do you understand about wickedness — why, nothing at all! Do you know what I am ? Will I tell you what I am ? I am a crib-biter 1' She stared him full in the face to his utter bewilderment ; and then Bhe turned and fled, and went down into the housemaids' room and flung her into a thair. Her pent- up feelings were too much for her ; her convulsive mirth broke loose ; in successive paroxysms of laughter she dashed her fists on her knees: and again she thought of the frightened gardener, and again she beat her knees and screamed and roared and laughed and rocked herself until herfacegrew purple, and tears were running down her cheeks, and her big mouth seemed capable of swallowing several clothes pins. For Morag did not _ perceive a joke frequently; but when Bhe did she made the most of of it ; and besides she had the virtuous consciousness of having amply fulfilled Miss Eelin's instructions, in terrifying the sham Haggart. When at last she wiped her eyes v^h. her apron and endeavored to recover her self a bit, she was already trying to think how she could glorify and magnify the tale in re lating it to her young mistress. Meanwhile Miss Eelin, forgetting all about the mischief she had planned, was striding along the riverside path leading into the town ; and she was reciting to herself, with the most tragic pathos vibrating in her voice, the sorrows of Callum-a-Glen : — Was erer old warrior of suffering so weary? Was ever the wild beast bo bayed in his den 1 The Southron bloodhounds lie in kennels so near me, That death would be freedom to Callum-a-Glen. My chief they have slain, and of slay have bereft me, My sons arc all slain and my daughters have left me ; No child to protect me, where once there was ten, And woe to the grey hairs of Callum-a-Qlen I Yes, the most tragic pathos was in her tones ; but all the same her heart was jnst bubbling over with gladness and the animal joy of existence ; and she approved of the sunshine that lay warm on the green sward of the Castle Hill ; and she watched with keenest interest the proceedings of certain kittiwakes that had come in from the Moray Firth to flap and preen themselves in the shallows ; and at odd moments she experienced a malicious triumph in thinking that she had subjugated her oI3 enemy, 'Fairfax,' and that he was now humbly anxious she should collaborate with him in literary ventures — he being a real, actual professional journalist, too, and not a mere amateur like herself. And so she swung along, and the woes of Callum-a-Glen in no way interfered with her buoyant carriage or with the frank audacity of her demeanor, and in a remarkably short space of time she found herself in Church-street and at the door of the hotel in which Mr. Allan Macdonald took up his quarters eaoh time he returned to the town. She only wished to leave a message for him ; it was to the effect that General Mallock had been so good as to offer him, through her, another day on the Laggan stretch of the Niah, and would he communicate with the gillie ? But just as she was about to address the landlady, whom she knew very well (as she knew nearly everybody), she found herself confronted by Angus, the late water- bailiff, who had come downstairs to see what letters had arrived by the mid- day post, and he so plaintively besought her to pay a few minutes' visit to the old blind gentleman that she con sented, and forthwith followed Angus up to the sitting-room, wberes she discovered Mr. Macdonald seated at an^open window harken ing to the various sounds of the street, and no doubt making Mental pictures of the scene without. When Angus, giving him the letters, informed him that here was Miss Macdonald of Kinvaig come to see him, the stately white bearded old man rose instantly to his feet and advanced a step or two and found her hand and held it, patting it a little in affectionate acknowledgement of her kindness, while he listened to her pretty speeches as if there were music in her voice, whioh indeed there was. ' Two such things to happen to me in one day,' said he when they were seated. 'A visit from you and a letter from my son. I knew it .by the seal when I touched it a second ago.' 'But if you would rather go through your letters, Mr. Macdouald,' said Bhe at once, 'don't let me interrupt you— I can call some other time—' 'Oh, no— oh, no!' he said quickly. 'I cannot part with either of my pieces of great good fortune. Somerled's letter must wait. Unless— except — well, you have seen the fel low — you might be a little bit interested, too— if you could be so very kind as to read it for me.' ' Oh, certainly,' she answered him without thinking; she knew that he was extremely proud of the young railway king, and guessed that he might want her to know of few great doings. So when 'the old man's fingers had selected the letter with the seal, and when it had been handed over toiler, she broke it open and proceeded to read it aloud, without a moment's hesitation. And indeed all this farrago, as id seemed to her, of 'extension lines, connections, guarantees, fusions of companies, and the like, appeared quite ordinary and oomtnon plaoe { it was as if she were reading the news paper to him, whioh ehe often did ^ only that throughout the letter there was a distinot tone of satisfaction, while the old man's brief ejacu lations from time to time told how pleased and vain be was over the courage and enterprise and fluooess of his son. Something different, however, was about to happen. „-./, .. ' And now, my dear dad,' she went ; on reading aloud, 'the question remains, What is to be the outcome of all this, supposing everything goes well ? To what end — to what end? For whom or for what am I toiling, when you have all you want and more ? The mere amassing of wealth for its own Bake is an ignoble kind of performance, and I have no wish to buy a baronetcy. But you remember tbe time you and I walked up to the Islands ? We stopped at a welL Is it called the Sweet Well or the Priest's Well?— tell me in your next letter; it is a day to be fixed in the memory, for many reasons. Then I revealed my project to you. You called it midsummer madness. You talked of bewitchment or beglamorraent. But there is no bewitchment or beglamorment here, amongst all these business affairs. And every day I seem to see more clearly that that very midsummer mad ness might be the crown of a man's life. And not a vain-glorious one either ; not the build ing of a church or chapel, or getting your name put in stained- glass windows, or public benefactions to pose as a philanthropist. Only a small thing quietly done ; and the doer of it to remain for ever unknown. I suppose to every man in his life there comes the one chance ; and this would appear to be mine. You need not talk of. glamor and witchery. I am thousands of miles away, and I think the scheme might turn out to be feasible — though for the time beiug it would break me finan cially of course. Well, never mind about that ; for who would be prouder than yourself ; and who would be prouder than the Mac donalds of Ontario— and the Macdonalds all over the world, indeed — to hear that the family of Kinvaig were back in their old home in Glengarva?' ? The tall, blind old man was listening with so intense an eagerness that he had forgotten the situation; he had forgotten that he wad allowing the girl to blunder into the discovery of his son's great secret. It was she herself who shrank back in alarm. 'Ob, Mr. Macdonald, I can't read this !' she exclaimed. Fm afraid there's something — something private— I don't know what it means.' 'Yes, yes,' he responded instantly, as the truth broke upon him— and be showed as much trepidation as herself. 'Give me the letter, please ! I will explain to you, my dear young lady— there has been a little mistake— a little mistake— I thought he would be writing only about the railways. But there's no harm done — no, no ; for 1 will explain to you ? ' His fingers trembled a little as they received back the compromising document ; and for a moment or two he hesitated. No doubt he was casting about for some plausible story to get him out of this desperate strait. 'You see, Miss Eelin, this is the way of it now ; if you knew Somerled as I knew him you would understand that in the commercial affairs that make up the most part of his life he is shrewd, practical, matter-of-fact, hard-headed — ay, just as hard- headed as anyone could wish ; and yet all the same there is a streak of romance in his nature— under the surface, as it were. And maybe he and I may have been talking some nonsense— at the well out there— about the Macdonald clan, and Glengarva, and bo on ; and he has been brought up to have a senti mental regard for the old place, Fm not deny ing that ; and some fancy may have taken possession of his head, for the time being — like enough, like enough. But— but. Miss Eelin, I would not pay too much heed to such chance talk ; and if ye will forget that I was so imprudent as to bBow the letter ; and — and I'm sure you will never mention a word of such a thing to anyone ? ' 'Never— never,' she said earnestly. 'Never to any human being.' He seemed greatly relieved by this definite promise, and he proceeded to distract; her attention with quite a number of wholly different subjects, perhaps hoping that the slip he had made— through the unfortunate acci dent of his blindness — would entirely pass out of her recollection. But it is not so easy, how ever willing one may be, to pass a sponge over the slate of memory, and when Eelin Mac donald left that hotel her face was graver than its wont ; she seemed almost afraid ; her cus tomary audacity of manner was for the moment gone. What had the younger Mac donald meant by witchery and glamor ? What had he meant by tbe return of the Kinvaig family to Glengarva ? And then she remem bered her promise, and Bhe determined she would forget — or else treat the whole thing as an idle phantasy, as a bit of 'midsummer madness,' in short; and as the easiest way to secure this oblivion was to address herself to the actual and immediate duties of the hour, she now, first of all went along to Mr. Forbes, the stationmaster, to arrange with him about a third-class compartment for the return of one of her convalescents from Nairn. At this same point of time, in the refresh ment-room of the station, an unusual scene was being enaoted, which was not visible to the odd stragglers about tbe platform because of the folding doors having swung- to. .At the further end of the plaoe were Lord Mount mahon and one of his prizefighting bodyguard ; at this end were Arty Hoskins, and another of the bullet-headed, broken-nosed fraternity, and these rival factions were pelting eaoh other with all sorts of missiles — buns, cakes, sandwiches— anything they could snatch from the counter. The barmaid at the further end was cowering in a corner, terrified out of her life at the riot that was going on ; but the bar maid at this end was m a fury of indignant rage, because she had been hit on the cheek by a box of chocolates. ' Will ye stop that now ?' she cried. ' Will ye stop it? Til have the police at ye !' But the podgy and pallid -faced nobleman at the head of the apartment was enjoying this mirth immensely ; he encouraged the fray because so far he had escaped unscathed ; and gradually there was less discrimination in the choice of projeotiles, until at last his lordship's bowler-hat was half knocked off his bead by a heavy pair of sugar-tongs. The pudding face paled, partly with anger, and partly with fear. 'Who flung that?' he demanded, and the scrimmage quieted down, 'That was you, Arty. By ? , that was you, Arty — r-' ''I'll take my oath it wasn't 1' cried, the musio-hallish young man with the cadaverous complexion. 'I've stuck to this tin o* bisouits, blime me if I 'aven't 1' 'Then it was Conky— Oonky, by — -, I'll brain you sooner or later.' He turned sulkily to the barmaids. ' ' Here, what's the damage ? Don't look frightened out of your wits 1 Did you never see a bit o* fun before? Take that for the bloomin' lot I' He threw a couple of sovereigns on the counter. 'Come along, lads ! — or shall we have one more drink?' 'Fll not serve ye, Bir— no, I'll not I' said the barmaid, who had lost her temper. ' We're not allowed to serve people that are either drunk or mad.' He soowled at her, but said nothing; and then he and his companions pressed open the folding doors and the motley crew tumbled confusedly out into the stony and hollow sounding station. Just then Eelin Macdonald came forth from Me. Forbe&'s office, and proceeded to the entrance. Perhaps her glance fell upon this rowdy gang : perhaps it did not ; at all events her proud Highland air betrayed no conscious ness as she passed on. But the effeot on Lord Mountmanon of this sudden apparition was astopiBhing. - 'Who's that? Who is she?' he exclaimed .in a loud whisper. 'By — — , she s a clinker ? Eyes like an ox— and the.Jong lashes— and eee how she walks 1 I must find out her name! I must get introduced to her !? Come along, Arty, and we'llsee who she is-' ;;? And then and' tnwe . he was for eagerly following her ; but Hoskins gripped him firmly by the arm, and held him back. 'Mounty, behave yourself— behave your self, man 1' It may have been an accident, but the portion of Mountmahon's sleeve that his com panion had grasped was the black band that denotes mourning. It had been there for a matter of ten days. [To be continued. ) 