St. James' Cliurcli. ; FESTIVAL S Kit VICES. . MEMORIAL'!'!) MISS (iliATTON Tin: twenty-ninth anniversary of the laying of the foundation stone of St. James' Church fell on Sunday, and special efforts wero made to worthily commemorate the day. Despite the threatening nature of the weather there was a very large attendance, a number at tending as a special tribute of respect to the Into Jliss Grultait, in whose memory a memorial brass was to be unveiled and dedicated at tlio morning service. The Church wns beautifully decorated for tho Festival, the pulpit ami lectern being artisti cally ornnnientcd with lloral offerings, con spicuous among winch were roses. The work of decoration did every credit to tho artlelic tastes of Mia. Warner and Jliss Armstrong. The Curator of the Botanical Gardens (Mr. K. It. Hurditig) sent some magnificent pot plants, which wcro placed in the Sanctuary, where they were a much admired feature of the decorations. The members of the Orchestral Society, under the able guidance of their instructor, Mr. Hibbcrt, lent their valuable aid to thq musical portion of the service. Miss Marlay presided ut the organ, except during the anthem, when Mr. Snow took charge to enable Miss' Marlay to assist tho ladies' voices. The anthem chosen was Spohr'n, " How lovely are Thy dwellings fair," the words of which are from the 44th psalm, 1st verse, the solo being taken by Mrs. Kcimurd, who3C charming voice is always heard with pleasure. The Processional Hymn, No. (501, though new to the congregation, was sung with vigor, so also were the Canticles, and especially so was the lost hymn No. 4»7, For nil the Saints who from their labours rest," with Its parts in harmony and unison for male and female voices. Before the sermon the memorial brass to tlio late Miss Oration, which was to be dedicated, was unveiled by Mr. C.itbcnrt, one of tho members of the choir, and Canon Warner wild : " By virtue of the Authority given tome by the Bishop of the Diocese, and, in the name of the Father, the Hon, and the Holy Ghost "1 dedicate this Memorial Brass to become a perpetual part of this business " ? then repeated the inscription, which reads— The brass is placed immediately behind the pulpit, fttul close to the place in the choir where the late Miss Gratton always sat. During the dedication the choir and congre gation remained standing. Canon Warner's text iu the morning was St. James J., "A servant of God and of tho Lord Jcsuj. Christ." The preacher traced the history of the Church and described how it enmo to ho called St. James. He dwelt at some length on the appropriateness of the name and concluded by alluding to tho dedi- . cation of the memorial brass to the Into Miss Oration, and paid a tribute to tho worth of that departed young lady. The services of tho Holy Communion followed, a number of tho congregation remaining. In tho evening Bunnett's service' was sung, and tho morning anthem was repeated.' An eloquent sermon was preached by Canon Warner from the text Ezra vi — and »j. 