COMPLETE STORY. [pDBUSnEB-OT: BPECIU. UUUM0EXK3T.] ■ Woman in the Biack Veii. MARY MACLEOD, [COPXBIOHT.J T is most vexatious, • said my friend Bert ram. " What do the Scotland Yard people think about it?" "•That there was probably connivance <m the part of some of our owu house hold." "Let me »-ee if I hare jjot hold of the . facts correctly. You left-the private hotel in Ebury.»-trret.yes' "terdaT for Beech wood., On the journey down a bag contain ■ valuable jewellery was stolen, anil another 2wg identical in every particular was put,in Its place.'* " That's so," replied Bertram. 1 "Who wore your fellow passengers?'' "Wn bad none! We travelled a?one from Padilington to Westleigb iu u reserved tirst class comportment.". : . It seemed to me that .in :tH probability the theft had been effected atPaddington station, . and I said so to Bertram. In answer to my ' questions he said , that he went to take* the tickets, leaving all the rest of tli»- party standiug near the truck on which :hu luggage bad been piled. "Of course the platform was rrommod," rontinucd -Bertram,. •* but if was amaV _ (liat none of tbe party noticed when tiie theft took. place. What makes it all the more rurious is that we hud friends to see Uf «»If " " What friends were they ?" ' f " Oh, some people we met over in Brittany —a Captain . Carter and his- sou, a boy of about fourteen. They came to Loudon the day we did, and; as th'cywere doing nothing • particular yesterday they came to the station to see the last of us." ; ' . ' " And you haven't the reiy faintest vestsgo of a clue? When yem opened the bogus bag at Beecbwoud, what did you hud iu it'" "Nothing but crumpled up balls of brown paper, with a few pebbles thrown in tn make up the weight," replied Bertram. Then he paused, and drew out his pocket- book, and txtraded from it a tiuy object. "I dou't suppose litis will be of the slightest help, but you may as well sec it for what'it . is worth. I came across it urn tbe crumpled up paper." .It was a minute strap *of torn-up note . paper, and there were a few letter* visible on Clinker and Boodles . ourneimm tinmm Hal "Well, can you make anything of it?" asked Bertram, when 1 had gnzed at it for some momenta. ' ««That second line looks suggestive." . "Yes—tbe name of a place- Bourne mouth." " Precisely. It may be worth, followir _ up. Shall I run.down to Bournemouth to morrow, and have a look routul ?" " Ify dear fellow, I'd be eternally grateful. Poor Jack is so ill, they've telegraphed for me, but if he gets better in n day or two I'll come and join you." lie furnished me with a list of the missing Jeweller}*, and the next day L started on my amateur detective work. On arriving at Bournemouth, my first object was to get hold of a local directory, and run through a list of tbe houses; Laburnum Hall, I found, was a fashionable boarding-ho use. There was luckily racaucy, so 2 engaged a room for a uvok. At dinner I saw' all my fellow-boarders assembled. On my right were seattii a good looking soldierly xnan, and a bright-faecd lad of about fourteen, who were new-comer* like myself. I soon discovered that tbe mm % Major Wuiter, and that the U»y was bis .nephew. There were also a husband and wife, a father and daughter, two ancient maiden ladies, and an elderly brotiui ami his hUll more elderly sifter. And each «»:«■ them, individually and collectively, looked the essence of respectability! .. . I was reflecting somewhat njo*1fly ..upon (he position of affairs when my attention was nttracted by the bustle of a fresh arrival. Looking from the window I saw :t cab j.iden j with luggage standing^ at .'the garden ^gate, iind just descending from it,:leaniug heavily on the ann of a younger figure, wa- » tall, elderly woman, dressed in a long, dark travelling cloak, a mushroom hat, a thick, black veil, and with a gieeu shade owr her eyes. "What an extraordinary get-up!" was my involuotarily exclamation. " * in* looks like a disguised brigand in a melodrama," and then a strange overwhelming thought rushed across xne. Disguised! What more likely ? That thick veil, and- the disfiguring green shade! The only improbability seemed to me that the disguise was too crude, too palpable. It was almost a travesty, and defeated its own-purpose by calling attention to its wearer. . . Bat once the idea had entered my mind I could not dislodge it. Suppose, in theft*1 new arrivals I should . disco rer the identical "Clinker" and "Boodles" of whom I was in search?.. Perhaps Pstiowed: something of the agita tion :»r ray mind,-for I presently - became aware that" Major Winter was regarding me inquisitively.". 'V.-'-' "Anything up? Have you discovered some long-lost relative in that mysteriously garbed female ?" lie inquired. ' I made some jesting reply, and soon after wards retired to my room to think, over matters at my leisure. That night I wrote to Bertram, telling hini the position of affairs. In his return letter ho said that before receiving mine he had already consulted a very sharp fellow, a private detective, who was making inquiries in another likely quarter. In tho meantime I was to keep a very strict watch at Laburnum Hall, and let him know all that went on there. The new-comers, we were informed, were a Mrs. Penn, ah invalid lady; and her com panion, a Hiss Farley. Mrs. Penn suffered much with her eyes. On their account she conld stand no strong light; she alwayB wore j either the green shade or darkened glasses, < and she never stirred oat of doors without the j addition of the thick black veil. I A week went by in apparent outward | calm; but-strange things were happening; below the surface at Labnrhum Hall. There j were unpleasant rumours and whisperings. | Miss Cndworth, the lady- manager, looked j harassed and distressed, several' of the I boarders might hare been seen confabulating in corners, and an air of aggressive snspiciou was noticeable on many faces. I had plenty fust then to occupy my thoughts and atten tion. One morning when I was in the smoking room Major Winter entered abruptly. • "Can I hare a-few words with you, Mr. Frost?" "Certainly," I replied. "T am at your service." "What are nil these unpleasant things I am hearing?" he said. "Perhaps you can enlightenme." » • • " What have yon heard?"; was my answer. "Why, several of the hoarders declare that they have been' missing some 'of their, possessions. Miss Crofton says 'that three nights ago her trunk was opened, .the lock of her dressing-case forced, and a gold, watch ind chain, and jewels to the value of over £30'taken." - * * ' ".I believe that is the case." I said. "I was told so, at any rate, the day before yes terday." ."And why. were not the rest of us told?" demanded Major Winter, his face darkening. »i Simply because'the detectives wished the matter kept a secret, in order that the.thieves should have no inkling that they were sus pected. They wish to drop dowu on them „r,v «f tnt&fe;*l». " without any possibility of mistake.1 "Then the matter is already in the hands j of the police?" " Certainly it is." There was dead silence for a moment. The major was evidently intensely annoyed. Then he broke out — 44 It is treating us disgracefully—-shame full}-—we ought to have been told what was going on—named. I, myself—yes, I will keep it a secret no longer—I, too, have been robbed." " Really? I am sorry. Is it ; loss?" - • "Yes, decidedly so. Over £10 was taken! from a purse which I foolishly forgot, and left in the pocket of my great-coat." " You had better go to the police station at once, and give information," I said, "unless you care to wait till this evening, when the inspector is sure to call. I am afraid you won't sec your money back, hut at least you may have the satisfaction, of knowing that the wretches who robbed rod will soon be safe custody." Major Winter gave me a long and incredulous stare. "Who are they?" he asked, in a sharp; stern voice. 44 That I am not at liberty to mention. But, listen—one word of caution. Don't breathe a word of what is going on before Miss Farley or Mrs. Penn.** He looked at me again. As he took in my meaning, a slow smile crept over his frown ing face. 44 By Jove!" he said. 44 Who would have thought it? But I shouldn't wonder if you are right after all. Now whatcrer put you on the track of those villafaii ?" As a fellow victim to the extent of £10,1 considered he was entitled to what little in formation I conld give, so I told him the 1 whole -story of the theft of Bertram's hag, i and of the discovery of the scrap of paper | that led to my arrival at Laburnum Hall. When I had finished, he remained for a few moments plunged in meditation. . Then [die left me, saying that he meant to go at once to give information at the police station. I bethought myself that if a crisis were approaching, it would be well to have Bertram on the spot; so I presently went to th.e telegraph office and wired to lum to come down^by the first train. H:k brother was better, I knew, and Bertram was now at leisure to take part in the investigations. As I came out of the telegraph office 1 met Major Winter going in. It may 'bare 'beeu imagination, but I certainly fancied that he looked both startled and annoyed when he saw me. He passed on, however, with a tolerably cordial nod, and I saw no more of him till late in the afternoon. It was a dull September day, rqining and blowing, and few of the hoarders left the house. About five o'clock I happened to be passing through the hall, when I met Major Winter and his nephew, with their great coats and hats on. 41 Going out?" I inquired, somewhat need lessly. ... . 44 Yes; can't stand the house any longer. Gerard and I are going for a good tramp— shan't be back till dinner-time." 44 Well you're fairly, protected against the ; weather, anyhow," I said, with a laugh, for, iuileed. the big Inverness coats, with their voluminous capes, seemed fitted to brave the snows of January than the moggy, mildness , of a September rain-storm. « He. did not look very well pleased, but he . made some half-jesting reply, and a moment ' later the hull door slammed behind them. . 1 Not being certain by what train Bertram would come, I did not go to the station to meet him, but wb had barely sat down to dinner when he arrived. He soon joined us nt table, and wo agreed to defer any. private conversation till tho menl was overi There were three vacant seats that night, for Mrs. Penn, we heard, was too unwell to leave her room, and Major "Winter and his nephew had not yet returned from their/* good tramp." : 44 By the way,*" said Bertram, presently, 44 wasn't it queer? I ran across ;the Carters at the station. They were catching the 7.40 trtun back to London, so X-stayed chatting with them a few minutes." ' • 44 The Carters ? Oh, yes, tho people whom you met in Brittany, and who were with you atPaddington the day your-bag was stolen. Did you tell them what brought you here?" 44 Yes. They were decplyinterestcd: quite sorry they were leaving Bournemouth to night. Bnt come, if you- can tear yourself away from that enticing dessert, - I should liko to hear all the.news." .* We soon found ourselves alone in my room. Bertram was inucn excited to hear what I had to tell, and in return imparted some news of his own. The detective whom' he w:is cmployiug had got hold of un important clue, and if some information which he momentarily expected-arrived in time, he was to follow •Bertram by the next train. Soon after ten a visitor was announced, who was shown up to my room. He was a pole, lank man, vrith u somewhat imbecile expression, and .mi irritatingly deliberate munner. • •' ^ 44 You've got them safe under this roof?" he paid. 44 Good. No chance of their escape ? Not an inkling of our suspicions ?.' 44 Not a scrap." I replied. 44 We have kept the matter so secret that I believe they do not even know yet that their delingucnces have been found out." 44 So much the better. I hear they are up to the usual dodge—father and son — an officer in the array, &c.; Musgrave came' in just after you left," continued the man, turning to Bertram. 44 He brought me just the information I wanted. They don't trouble themselves with much attempt at make-up." 44 No; their disguise & certainly of tho clumsiest," I responded. 44 The elder woman goes about with a thick black veil-—" . Mr. Dove favoured mc with a long stare. '* Woman?" ho said. "There's m woman in the case as. I know of. This afternoou I heard on undoubted authority that4 The Cliuker' and 4 Boodles' are a very, well known pair—a gentleman swindler and a precious young scamp or a. boy, who pis themselves off :n> father and son. They play the hotel and boarding-house ■ game, and walk off with unsuspecting fellow passengers' lnggage, and make a pretty good thing out of it, too." ** Bertram looked at mc, and I looked at him. 44 There must be some mistake," I begin 44 Noue the least, sir, begging yt pardon,'.' said the man promptly. " My informant is one I can rely oil This here Clinker and Boodles—alias . Captain Carter J and his son " 44 What?" cried Bertram. 44 Alias, Major Winter and his nephew— 44 What?" cried I. . 44 Alias half .a dozen other names, have been ran down at last," said Mr. Dove. 441 have help waiting outside, and I flatter myself our gentlemen won't escape us this time." 44 But Major*Winter was himself among those who were rolbed," I exclaimed, cling to a last vestige of hope. 44He had £10 stolen from him a few days ago." The ghost of a contemptuous smile fluttered for a inomeut over Mr. Dove's immovable features. 44 Tell your grannie I Who heard of that robbery till all the. others" came "to light? That "was nothing but.a dodge to divert suspicion, if necessary, from himself jq^blind that would scarcely have deceived the ^veriest sunpleron." It was pleasant to remember how I had taken the villain into my confidence ! I ground my teeth at the recollection of my folly. - . Bertram, who had been sitting amazed at the turn things had taken, here sprang to his feet with an exclamation of dismay. 44 The Carters! By George—I see it all. The birds have flown !.. Why, I saw them of! in the train for London. That explains why they looked so aghast at seeing rae." It was even so. A visit to their rooms proved beyond doubt that tho military-look ing swindler and the bright-faced boy had taken a hasty flight. Any possessions of value had been stowed away uuder their flapping Inverness cloaks, and a shabby portmanteau and un empty Gladstone bag were all that remained to tell of their presence in Laburnum Hall. Thus ended uiy first attempt at amateur detective work. I had the satisfaction of learning from official lips that I had completely 44 mulled " the case. As for the object of my suspicions—the woman in the black veil—she wus iu truth, nothing more nor less than what she pretended to be—a harmless, elderly invalid of a re tiring disposition. 