A BiCHELdft'S NIECES. '"2. ..' . (.PUStaSHHD By .SEZCIAL AnSANOEUENr. .. 1 v . \ ';'-(;"i'!7(!-i!''i.'Y!v vi'Y '.v-YiJ ' Y v » ' ;; <:> ! ..- ,"' -i.-:: By DORA RUSSELL, Author of " FootprintainthoSnow," '( Tho 'Broken Seal," " Beneath the "Wave," " A . Bitter' !Birthright,". "TheDriftpf Fa to," " phe, Last Signal,??.. '.'A Hidden Chain,"; " The Seoret of the River," " A Country Sweetheart," ' ,, : " Her Promise Truo,'.' .. "/On Goldon Hinges," " 'A ' ' . , : Fatal Pasy .,'.' HisjWillrand Hers," r . , " coPYEienr. ' r CHAPTER ivi!-(C%V:iiHi/k)""'' ' (7s FTER the lottbr's were written -Betty . I \ ' went to get her hat. Sho found r/4- ! Ann tidying up the drcsetog-room. 6 " Your sistor did hot havo hor i tea' this. morning, miss," sho'soid. " I hopo sho is not ill ?" " No, she is quite well, Ann, thank .you,?' 5 Botty replied. " She wont out early to ndebl;' a friend, and won't bo back to- night," , Ann know very .well that Glon had(not been at breakfast, as she had met John on his way down stairs, who had said, " Somothiug ainiss up there. Only one young' lady instend- of two." And the old' 'gentleman /looking/as black as thunder !" ' . "You will be dull-like without her; miss?" " Yee, I shall, Ann ; but' it won't -be for .long." But the girl could see there wAs a sad look in Botty's :;eyee " that had not boen . there, before. "The next time Ann met' John ahe- remarked: . "I shoAId not wonder 'if' the' bonniest of my young ladies has not .gone off- with her handsomo sweetheart!" ' ' . "More unlikely things than that happen evory day;'' roplicd john. drily.'' ' ; As Sir Gerald and Betty went to" the post offioo the frosh air and bright sunshine had a soothing offeot on Sir Gerald's ruffled temper! After walking in sileuoe for- a' few l'ninutes/.he looked down at his pretty littlo niccp with a return of his usual kind smile, and said : " Shall we return to the park, dear, after wcl have posted our letters, and find a quiet seat, and there talk things over? If you would like to go anywhere I will bo pleased to take you." -. ' . !.' :. \ "I would rather bo quiet in the park, if you like that best," replied Betty, q - They returned to- tbo parlv'iuid found s shady" soat. Sir Gerald had brought the newspapers, and read, to Batty about the brows that were flocking to the highlands, . and wished they were there again. ! " I shall seem so lost without my Glen," Sir Gerald said, Willi a . sigh. " "f ou imust , tako pity on me, littlo onb, and often como to soo mo." r ! - , " I shajl ho pleased to come, and you will .oomo oftcn-tb soo us, nnolo, dear.";; . So tho two dbsertod ones -triod- to comfort eaoh other. Betty. was already gotttog.usod to the idea of their- homo life without Glen. But the few months that Glen lmd (been at Boss Honso had seemed so bright and happy to Sir Gerald, who .was really, vorv fond, of young people, that ho almost dreaded going back to tho lonoly life, ho had led sinoo his ; mother's death- until Glen, .had eome to brighten up his home. ( So .the .words in Glon's letter regarding Botty /lcopt haunting his mind. Poor Betty, in. hor distress, had quite forgotten thoy .were in the letter, ... , . "Perhaps this (dear! child would liko .to; oomo back with mo ' to Boss House," ho thought; "but Imusfusk hor 'mother first." But he also thought this was a.good .oppor, tunity'tb get her to promise never to deceive- him ; so, looking down at tho peaceful earnest face hy his side, that always reminded him of his lost brother, be said : . "Betty, dear, I am afraid-' I was. cross, : with ! you . before , breakfast this morning. I temEmber I wonld not say I wished, oar dear. Glon to be happy. But your kind words and tho sunshine havo caused mo to repent, tind I now say that I hopo both dear Glon! and /Hugh may he vory happy:" ' . , -Betty was her. bright, lively little self ip.A iminuto, and, talcing her uncle's outstfetehbd', hand in hor firm olusp said, in lior blear soft voice,- y y. I "Theiilgivo you ths promise you asked mo-for this morning. , -I promise, dear nnolo, never to deoeive you." . "Thnnk you, dear Betty." And the old soldier raised tho girl's hand to. his lips and kissed it fondly. ' , ' CHAPTER XVII. V AltONQ THE-'HEiTHEE. . ' , EATBD nt' the' , . breakfast tablo nt "' Yi — — m- 1 \ .... Heath Cliff, On tho , twelfth. of August, ' V' woro throo' 'of Captain 'Mont! ' ' 'SKSt- gumery's .oldest !/v frieudB.' Thoy iiad -biwYj, ffb nil .seen forefgn. u - »a«r sorvipo, to judgohy" ; tho various shades bf bronze on their :fi ' faoos, and- tlioir straight, upright .figures showed they wore all Army men. They were doing fall justice to tho good things set before them and listening to a thrilling tale of a tigor-liubt their host had joined in in India. Ho was tolling tliem. how, relieved ho felt when ho saw the brute give his last struggle, shot. by a bullet sent by tho skilful hand of his old friend, Colonel Blunt, jnst as tlio animal was preparing .to spring on liim. The old colonel, 'who .was sitting on .Captain Montgomery's right hand, gave A hoarly. laugh, saying: Y . - . ! ' " I havo seen you many a time, Mont gomery, facing an enemy As cool' as you' uro' , now. But I moat ' oonfoss your terrified ex-( -prcssion, as the great monster with green glistening eyes and large white teeth woe just in the not of springiug on- you, when I hy good luok gave him tho contents of my riflo, haunts me still." Y . \- Captain Montgomery laughed as' heartily. \- as tlio othors at tho old colonel's sequel to. his story, telling thom how ho often 'felt in his dreams the monster's teeth oloaingin his arm, .and awoke, .trembling from head to foot until -he remembered the brute was lying, in fallen . dignity in the hall. Tlio sun woe shining in at the large windows, ( which ; were draped' with' rich orirason. enr- ' tains, causing . a rosy hue to fall on the old oomrades, for they had all, as it happened, - been in onb regiment; although there was a considerable difference in their ages, the two younger raon being still to uotivo servioe and only on their leave, while Colonel Blunt had retired on his pension somo years before Cup- tain Montgomery (had loft' thb regiment on tho deuth of Mb father, when, he had oome- into a largo fortune, . . . The morning meal .was ;going merrily on- when the footman brought in tho letters on a.- -salvor, which ho placed hear Captain Mont- gomory. - , "One for you, eoloncl, , and two baoh foi. Major Linton and Mr. Roberts. I 'alloiy (lotters to bo read at tho table if no ladlcs are' -prosont," said thoir host, laughing. "Miuooau wait until I . buve. finished my breakfast, as I see it is from my wife,',', Said the jovial colonel. '.-,! . ; ; i-i., /'V.; \- " Mino oau rest until I have had .my holi!- day, as I soo thoy are from my tailor," re marked Major Linton. ... ; -. i But Mr. Roberts said; " Weli;- as you.givo : us leave, Captain Montgomery, I- will open . mine." v!.; ::'.;> ; " Ah ! I boo yours are neither/from your wife nor tailor, Roberts," said the major,- and tho young follow laughed. Aftor replenishing tho colonel's plate, Cap tain Montgomery openod' ono of his -tetters, 1 wliloh he thought was froth Sir Gerald Boss, and the minute after turned eo pale that Major Linton said : "No bad hows, I hope, Montgomery?" "Well, no, not bxaotiy, only a piece of news that has astenished. mo greatly. In faot, I cannot believe it is' true." - Colonel Blunt now looked up, ' surprised at the ohangb in Captain Montgomory's voioo, saying in a oheerfnl tone : ' ' "Well,! iiin glad' -At least" it is/ not -had nows," and: then, not hnowiug what else to; 'say, opbried hiB Wife's letter. - " My . wife -wishes mo to ' ro'moinbor " her- kindly to'yon, Montgomory, :and wishes yoii- \- would got Married and' thon bhe wonld make you fulfll jour preinisb to her. "-She doca hot 'ldi.'1ne''.%hat;Athat' pa5oxiii«i is." And hi looked -kindly nt hiB liogt.; : r . | " ''I, havo /always 'told 'Mrs.'-Biant that as soon us T got a ivifo'ehe must oomo with yoii, coloniel, '?'-'. answered1 Captain Montgomery, . with tbo ghost of a'Kmilo on his pule faco. But ; a dampnbss 'had fallen "on tho -party tliat cvon tho good-tompered- colonel's lively1 remarks- could not 'dispel. ' So th'ejr all felt glad when .two more ; gentlemen neighbours of Captain Montgomery - oame , in to join tbo party, and thoy commenced getting ready to go on the moors. Y . !, '. - c- . : Poor Captain Montgomery ! , He . did his best to make tho .dojr onjoyablo to his guests, And only the thrco friends who wore staying in the house; lmew anything. of tho strango effect the news contaihed in his morning letter had , appeared to , havo ori their host. Eaoh thought a lady must have something t'o do .with it.. .'.'Yet, to' iill outward nppcnraiico, "they; were a jovial party, that started for the day's sport. ' ,: Th'ov were- joi'ned.hy Mr. Benjamin Boss at .the next lodge gate,' which opoucd on to a .winding road' loading up to a high-lying moor to whioh tlio -.sportsmen were bound. Uo knew most of tho gentlemen, And wha 'always A welcome addition to a pleasure party. He had also heard tho-.Hanui piece of news that had so dismayed Captain Montgomery, hut -mtK a veiy 'different feeling.' Mrs. Rose .had indeed been so oyeroonie hy' tho sudden ness of her son's marriage that ho could only .console her by telling: her if he had been in Hugh's place ho would have acted in the same iway. .. : . ' But ho could not persuade his wife 'to let him take.little Ben with him; for. she said, ' with tears in her eyes that as she had lost hor Hugh' she could! not trust lior littlo Ben out 'of hor sight, hut sho would take, him herself wlion thoy had their shooting purty. The path was rather "narrow, only wid# /enough for two'to walk comfortably., aide hy side! By 'chance Colonel Blunt got Mr. ; Boss for a companion. "If Mi. Boss does not mind he and I will eome quietly . on, Montgomery ; as I have neyor quite got over tho spear wound in my thigh that it plonsed that' dark-skinned war rior to give me.". " I 1 shall' ho . very pleased to walk on quiotly, , as. I am not quite a hoy now," said Sir. Boss laughihg And ' showing his white i teeth, of which many a young man would .have felt proud. J ''"Where is your brother! Sir Gerald ? I ! don'.t remember a twelfth of August without isbbin him horo;" asked Colonel Blunt; ! " Ho is up in town, hut I think lie will be At homo in a day or two," replied his com panion.' " And your pretty nieces— are they married yot?" .- . Mr.; Benjamin Boss thought for a minute and then said : ' Ono of them is." , "Not the ; ono ' Montgombry admires so mnoh ? I mean Miss Glon.", ' " Yes !" said Mr. Boss, 'tit is Glen." : " Then that aoeounts . for Montgomery turning so palo at breakfast." He said he had . received A pieco of news that ho could not helibvo. I am afraid hb is rather hard hit, .poor old follow-;!. . But yon havo not yot told mo who yo'nr now nophew ie." ; Mr. Boss laughed, saying ho was a near relation of his, and ho dared to say tho colonol could guess .who it was. , 1 ''Can: it; bo your handsome stopson? I noticed hb was not with you," Asked Colonel Blunt: - '."-Yes, ho is the happy-man!- And I am rdally ;glnd lie lias gbtisiloh-a'go'od wife; He : and I are great friends." _ " Woll, Ross, a good wifo is a great bless ing, as you and I know. And I trust that our host will have hotter' luck tho next time." ' They had now got on tlio moor, and tho day's sport began. ' By tho timo the luncheon baskets, were opened, Captain Montgomery had quite recovered his composure; .. The party had iisseinbled on a wooded knoll, where they were sheltered from the sun. It was a glorious 'day . tho sun -lightog up the long stretoh of purple 'heather that lay at their feot. . .- -. 1 -'" " Montgomery looks hotter now that ho has bad a tramp -through' tho heather.", said Colonol Blunt, as ho' sat - enjoying his cold roast 'beof on tho same- mossy hillock as Major Linton. " I. oau assure you; Linton, I wns so startled when L looked up And saw llim so pate tlint I could not- oat my usual breakfast; so I feel very peokish now. Aftor -liinoli I have got a piece of nows to toll you; hut wait until we nro out of ear- aliot." ."' "Monteomory is a very good sort of fellow. Bam sorry ho has heard anything to annoy him; bntin this world wo can't havo it all our own way." , - " No; Linton, when you got married you will have to bo content with very littlo of your own .way," said Colonel Blunt in a 1 serious voioo. , ' Major Lintonlaughed; - ; " Ah !" ho said, "if I could get a good wifo like Mrs.. Blunt I would not mind giving in a littlo." ; c It was not until thoir return 'walk'- home tlmt tho opportunity carao to'- Colonel Blunt to toll his friend tho pioco of nows ho had promised him.' " '-..By thiA time 'tho colonel was vory tired; Arid was -glad to go slowly ' along a narrow foot traok amongst tho "heather.. And so Major Linton, who was.anxiouB to hear tho " news his friend had' to impart, offered to aceompany him, whilst tlio rest of the -'party went a longer way rouud, Btill wishing to add to tho weight of their bags. . . ' I have hod to keop the picee of news all day, Ljnton. : But tho chance bf tellingithag oomo at last." " "I- feel very ourions to hear it," said,' Major Linton. !' !: - ",'. ' - ! : I'.Yon romombor when wo were here in the spring for a fow daya' fishing, I remarked- to . you 1 thought Moritgoinory seemed to admire MisA GIen c Ross very fnuoh. I doresay you have not.' forgotten-. her. " She' ie the ' hand somest of Sir Gerald Boss's -uieoeip— tlioso nice girls wo mot at' a lunolicon' parfy! at his ' house.'? ... ' . " Oh, yos ! . I romemhor her very well. ; I , ! would have lost my heart to her, only I saw our host had lost his to her already!!' .',;5 '" :/ Y 1 " Well, Mr. Boss, told mo tbia/morning that she is married to Hugh ' Bevari; hie stopsori; and he seems very: pleased with'tho Y matoh." . ./( ''I.am surprised,?' answered Majbr!Lintori,1 ; ' " But leavo it to a woman to! keep a tiring quiot when sho likes. .Then you think that Was "the5 'reason -'Montigomory. loOkod so bluo this 'morning ?'?. . Y ' 1 \- ." I havo no doubt of . /it,'? said tho ooloriol. And ho stood sti(l, .partly to glyo emphasis to - his ivords and at tlio sariie timo to rest . his wounded leg. " By Jovo, if I had boon, her : I would not have test the chance of boiug the mistress of Heath Cliff for the son of a 'Glasgow lmon drapor. Not that , I dpn't ' admire thb inon. of'tho yard-measure for tha' olovomessjhe displays in tho way By whioh lm coaxos tlio monoy out of tho.ladiosV pookots," and" ho laughed. ' - "Woll, I Admire the girl for mnrrylng thb ' man sho liked best," said flio major, who was of.aromantio turn of mind. "At the same ; time I don't say, that the faot of being , rich : , does not briug a kind of happiness with it ; hut whether it is of a lasting kind I have not : . yot toado up my mind." : ' - ' ; "Well, I would not bo led away by the. charms of a penniless lasB, if I wore you, Linton," and. tho oolonel laughed, as " he. romomhored the Comfortable addition' to liis - incomo ljis ivifo bud brought bill!. . . . fTO BK CONTINUED. ' 