mL mmi ^mm. Thete are, of course," variety of opinions with ..ir^rard- to^-jthij' merlt.s ®f ftr T. W- Sterf al'a. Uter^y «ian. Some' think that he bai more tbah the«rdinaiy amount of brakes sferved out to any individual man. Oifters hold that there is a crank in the maeSSneiy, and that, as the old Scottish engisteer of a mercantile steamer once remarked of a man-of-war J officer, he "knows sueh a deuce of a lot that he doesn't exactly know what he does know. But of tfte fact that he Is | an enterprising journalist with a knack. of hitting 06E the pubEe taste at. the right moment few have afiy doubt j whatever. If he be "mad,*' as some critics have said, he .is, as Hamlet says o£i himself, only "maS nor'-nor'- west," and when the wind xs eoutherly he "knows a hawk from a luernshaw. 1 *' For example, it will be in the recollection of our readers that in the "Review of Reviews" of 1891-2, he took up the-text "There are more things Between heaven and earth than are dreamed" of in. -your- philosophy,*': and preached thereon right eloquently. Some portions of the ser-| monhave been-collected, and are now! Issued under the title of "Real Ghost Stories?* (Bell's Colonial Library, George Robertson and Co.) The author candidly admits that "it is an offence to j some to take a ghost too seriously," and j he also advises that the narratives had better not be read by any one of tender -years, of .-morbid excitability,, or of excessively nervous temperament. Well, we have read them in globo, and hold the humble opinion that the average man or woman might follow our example with impunity. For example, we have the following description, of a haunted house in the:coru»try:— ' "Seme years ago I one day met a lady with whom I was slightly acquainted, who told me that she was on the eve of making- a change of residence. She added that her husband had taken a three years' lease of a house in road, and when she described the . costly improvements which were being carried oh in order to make the abode luxuriously habitable, I-remarked that the alterations were 'ihore in .keeping with a long rather -than a short lease. .> My surprise, therefore, was great, when- a few months "later I heard that the family, whom I will here call the Smythes, had removed not only from the house In question, bust from "the vicinity altogether. About four years later we removed to a house in the same road—No. 8, the house formerly occupied by the Smythes, being then a very dismal-looking residence. The hinges of its heavy gate were coated with rust, the front gardeiT and approach covered with wild growth, while the massive portico and sills wore hopelessly blackened complexion, and I again wondered why the Smythes had removed so suddenly. About this time T received a visit from a lady whose acquaintance I had made a month or two previous, said she began at once to discourse on the merits of the houses composing our road. 'I always liked the terrace," she said, 'and you may judge we must have been terribly unnerved to ltave No. 8 as we did.' I started, and -looked astonished.' "'Did you. not know,' she continued, 'that we lived for yearly n year at No. S? We took an expiring lease of- the house frem a Mr Smythe. The family had only been in it a few months when they left very hurriedly, iaKhoug'h no expense had been spared -in the way of improvements to the house itself. Every one -was surprised; but Mr Smythe told me that his "wife was suffering from great nervous depression, and the doctor had ordered her immediate removal at any cost;"' and, she added, 'After we had been in the house a little time I ceased to wonder at her nervous depression, or the sudden removal of the family; for the probable cause developed all too speedily in our own daily lives." She went on to say, 1 am not at all superstitious, but it is a fact that long before we were settled in our new abode every one became conscious of an eerie, uncanny feeling pervading the house and seeming almost atmospheric.' My friend then entered very iully into gruesome .^detail. She said that apart from the sense of the ghostly depression of whieh she had spoken, nothing was seen or heard for two or three weeks before their arrival. "When one evening, while sitting in' the dining- room with her husband, an Australian captain, they were suddenly st.-vrtled by a loud knocking in the fireside recess; a few minutes later the knocking was repeated in the recess on the other side, and after a time was repeated also m recesses in the back room. My friend, whom I will here call Mrs A., immediately sent to the adjoining house to know if any one was knocking for aid, but the answer returned was. that Mr and Mrs were in the dining-room, the former being confined to 'the couch by indisposition. On several occasions a peremptory knocking at the dining-room door was heard, but when, on more than one occasion, the door was quickly opened from the inside, no one was visible. One evening, soon after the captain's departure for Australia, Mrs A. was sitting alone in the breakfast-room, this room being in 'the basement; no one else was in the house, for the children were at a juvenile gathering in the neighborhood, and the servant had gone to bring them home. My friend was busily engrossed in writing, when suddenly she was startled by the tread of slippered feet across the dining-room floor, and she also distinctly heard a leather chair moved some disrtance along the ground, and she at once concluded tb.rvt thieves were in the house. : : "A dog which lay on the rug also heard the sounds, for he pricked up his ears and barked. Wthout a moment's delay she flew to the door, calling the dog to follow her, intending as she did so to open the hall door and call- for "assist-, ance; but the dog, though an excellent house dog, crouched at her feet and whined, but would n.ot follow her up the' stairs,, so she carried him up in her arms, and, reaching the door called for as- sistance; when, -however, the dining room doors wore opened the rooms were in perfect order and destitute of any signs of life. The servant told her afterwards that, as she sat in the kitchen, she repeaftedly heard footsteps overhead at times when she knew the rooms were perfectly empty. "After the family had been in the house a few weeks, a white rabbit made its appearance. This uncanny animal would suddenly appear In a room in which members of the family were seated, and after gliding round and slipping under chairs and tables, would disappear through a "brick wall as easily as through an open door. Mrs A. then related another incident which had evidently made a profound impression on her. She said that as the captain was so seldom at home, and the house wias very large, she "was solicitous that the children, should, .if possible, be kept in hkppy ignorance of '"tfieir _ weird surroundings. " . '^Ghostly possibilities were never 'alluded to in their presence; she was, therefore, horrified one evening, when sitting in tlie dining-room in company with her young daughter—a, child of nine years— at seeing her suddenly spring to her feel from her seat on the rug, and exclaim, 'Mamma, look at that boy creeping round the wall!* The mother looked in the direction to which her. hand pointed, but saw nothing. She then endeavored to divert the child's attention, assuring her that it was only her nervous fancy. She partially succeeded, although the little one seemed much agitated. , A few minutes after, however, she sprang to. her mother's side the second time, again exclaiming, 'There is that boy again! Look, mamma, he has slipped under the table.* She was greatly , terrified, and begged to be taken from the room." The real ghost In this episode remains unseen, but the white rabbit remains, and finally drives the inmates from the -house. OI such ghosts, eves Alice in Wonderland would have but. little fear. ; 