SHORT STORIES. THAT MYSTBRIOUS CLOCK. (BY B. T. MIONTAGUnE.) I had encountered an ugly experience" that day. I accidentally discovered the retreat--4n a cyprus swamp-of a de tected incendiary, a young negro who, had formerly been, in my employ, but who in latter days had struck into the smodth road 'leading to the gallows. He was wanted just now for the burn ing of old Peter Gillam's gin house, circumstantial evidence clearly proving him to be the guilty person. Upon riding into the village I re ported my discovery to the authorities, and joined a posse of men who immne diately set out for his capture. He resisted arrest, and was shot down, and his body brought back to town. One way or another I felt in a measure res 'ponsible for that man's death. While it was evident from. his latter day ex ploits that he would eventually meet with such a fate, if not a more Igno-.. minious one, for this partoular offence I felt that he really dd not deserve to die in such a cold- blooded fashion. I had surely done only my duty, but I had almost wished that it had fallen i to 'the lot of somebody else-the doing of it. What added to my discomfiture was that towards nightfall a ,disagreeable drizzle set in, one of those hideous rains which dampens the very soul,and makes one an easy prey 'to every gloomy foreboding. e I went to my solitary abode in the d thrall of a black depression. I could ndt shake it off. My beloved books eoffered no acceptable temptation; even my pipe was poor comfort. A fellow is in a bad way when he loses faith in his' pipe. Manifestly bed was the best place for me; so into it I got, after taking a good drink of the blessed e "Three Star," and vety soon tumbled Soff to sleep. I slept the sleep of the conscienti ous, to be awakened at last by hearing 1 the crash of something which sounded Slike a breakable thing flung from the d ceiling to. the floor and smashed. s I was considerably startled, got up. *hurriedly, and struck a match, to find. that my small alarm clook had fallen off the mantel piece; that the crystal d as broken', and that the hands pointed. to 3.20 a.m. I lit ,the lamp, sat on the side of the bed, and wondered how a that clock got off the mantelpiece surely a very singular thing. I ex- [e pended a half hour's thought upohn the' 1- subject, finally getting round to the )o conclusion that, probably, a mouse had. a run across the shelf and thrown it Id down. As I had to meet a train at ;e 5 a.m. (I am a railroad man), I got' into my clothes,and after fooling about ?oa space went on down to the office. Somehow I could n'ot get rid of the 7? idea that it really was, after all, a t- strange thing how that clock got off i- that shelf. By this time I had given over the mouse theory. All day long a the matter was in my mind, so that re by night, when I once more went to .' a my room, I had worked myself into quite a state about it. I tried the , book again-dead failure. Pipe almost n grown to be an enemy. Bed regarded' P with distrust. Sleep not to be thought le of. This thing kept up until about 10I 3d o'clock, when I came to .the conclu sion that I was a baby; and I got up, se wound my clock, set my alarm, and e- went to bed-but not to sleep. I was l's looking out for that clock. I had a id rooted ndtion that the last night's per formance would be repeated. I found I myself saying, "And if it comes three ie times, I'll take it for a sign." Good heavens! This was getting ridi ý's culous. I would be ashamed to see my face in the glass 'to-morrow. Hav Id ing arraigned and convicted myself of of womanishness, contemptible coward ice, I shut my eyes, and swore I'd go 3d to sleep, or wake up my next door a neighbour and get him to kick me' No good. I was determined to be in at the finish. I was not, however, for about (I imagine) one o'clock I tumbled .oftf to sleep, and the next thing ie I knew crash came the clock again ty off the mantelpiece. I shot out the )n bed as -if a legion 'of demons had routed Is me, and lit the lamp. Yes, there was. ly my peace-destroying 'clock on the floor, 2r with the hands pointing to 3.20 a.m. 10 If the angel Gabriel had that minute t. told me Buck Anderson (the dead ne gro) and 'that clock were not in league together, I would have doubted him. I was consumed with a deadly horror of the supernatural. I knew that Buck Anderson was pulling the strings that waltzed my clock off the mantelpiece, and I knew he meant me some deadly :harm. for the hand I took in his down fall. Glood heavens! Was I to be fol lowed about by a negro ghost for any great length 'of time! Cold perspira tion broke out over me. I sart shivering upon the side of my bed, lost in a horrible speculation. My clock lay upon the floor, and the lamp sent out a pale uncanny light, which did not quite reach into the corners, so :that my erstwhile cosy little sit ting room bore 'to my disordered mind the aspect of a vault. I was plainly (I thought) in a su pernatural presence, and that presence a lost soul, an avenging spirit. What was going 'to happen to me? I am not a coward-nobody can say that of me, not my worst enemy-but this night I was abjectly enthralled with horror. I was afraid of my own breathing, my Svery heart-beats, of the moaning wind outside. I was afraid to move, lest the very act itself would bring about some fearful climax. I don't know how long I might have sat 't~here, chilled to the marrow, but at last a faint streak of dawvn gleam ing through the window reassured me in a m:easure. I got up and into my clothes, and went out of the house like one in a dream. How I managed to attend to my work that day I don't know. I hardly remember one incident of the twelve hours. I was overwhelmed with dreadful an'ticipations of events to transpire during the coming night. The third night. The third night was the tradi'tionally fated night. This tinmeI was determined to see it out. I would sit up all night to watch with that clock, and see with my own eyes how it was managed, and by what means. I accordingly made arrangements for a big fire to be kept up all night, several extra lights, something to eat and drink, my pipe, and plenty of Sbooks. 'ITen I shut In my windows,dragged -down the shades so that the light •4gould not be conspicuous from the .outside, and prepared myself for the ghostly onslaught. B3 this time I was ill-physically 1ll. I could neither eat, drink, nor asmoke. I could only think, aad my mind was in a perfect whirligi of onfuslion, How the hours dragged as hours will that are unemployed. I almost thought .time loitered with malice aforethought. ,Wten one's head Is on the block they say it is a relief for the axe to fall. a i believe I could have anticipated and suffered decapitation less disagree ably, At 10 o'clock I wound and set by my watch my precious alarm, and placed it in Its customary place upon .the mantel. It was a capricious little affair at best, and lately had to be laid upon its back in order to keep .?novper time-in fact, to run at all; so . turned it on its back as usual, and sat down to watch it. The rain had cleared up, but the wind continued to howl around in a hideously unpleasant manner. I don't think I have ever heard wind blow as it did upon that particular night. I imagined it to be ,thick with inky devils, that bellowed and groaned and laughed and shrieked all in a breath. The branches of a sycamore tree scraping against the roof made my flesh creep, while the w~ind surging through the wild orange trees created a queer whistling sound ahich I never heard before or since. Oh, the interminable time I sat there \--sick at heart, worn out in mind and body, watching and waiting for-I "knew not what- Buck Anderson's .ghost to come and take it out of me. A sweet state I had worked myself in to, truly. How would it end? What would he do to me? Fall upon and belabour me? A small matter. I was not afraid of what any human could do to me; I could yield up my life with as much grace as the next man; but a ghost, what means would he employ? I could not anticipate it. I would have to see it-have to experi ence it. I glanced up at the little clock, and if a knife had been plunged into my 'heart the emotion could not have been otherwise than it was when I saw that it had moved. The clock had moved. A certain ornamental point which I had noticed matched with a certain 'figure in the mantel lambrequin upon which I had rested my eyes had .un mistakably moved. I broke into a cold sweat. My throat -hurt me hor •ribly, and I felt my -hair rise upon my head. I was powerless to change the position of a finger. It had moved! 'There was no chance for doubt; it was a fact. I gazed spell- bound, all my senses -absorbed into that of seeing. For hours and hours I sat in a state of half consciousness, watching the clock move. Slowly, slowly, to the left, almost too slowly to be perceptible, until it ,had turned entirely round. .Then slowly, slowly, round again. Round and round, again and again, •winding my poor brain into a very Gor 'dian knot,while the slow hours dragged :iy, and the fire burnt lower and lower -and went out; and the wind subsided, -and the cold crept in and numbed my unresponding body. Then all at once "I saw the clock tip over 'the edge of the mantel, and come crashing to my f?eet. I had just strength enough left to examine the position of the hands. 'Twenty minutes after three o'clock! I fell back into my chair in a deep swoon. I had a spell of serious sickness after that. I think I was in a condition for it anyway, and that night's vigil brought it to a climax. I was ill for several weeks. But I was not con valescent many days before I solved the clock mystery. I got the idea one day, when lying upon my bed; and later, putting it to the test, I found 3 was right in my calculation. By placing the clock upon its back, the thumb-piece (for winding) wasbrought in contact with the mantel shelf, and naturally the clock, unwinding, turned itsflf towards the left; round and round, each time coming a little nearer the edge, until it toppled over. And, being set every night at ten o'clock, and put in the same place, it took just five hours and twenty min u'tes to work itself off. A tame denoue ment after all my frightful experi ence. But, I tell you, Buck Anderson was avenged to his soul's content.-"De troit Free Press." The only tenant of Killallock Castle is a blacksmith. The building overhangs e, public road, and is in a dangerous condition. The necessary repairs can not be executed, as the- blacksmith re fuses to budge unless given £500 com pensation. The Limerick Board of P.ublic Works may have to evict him in the public interest. A widow in America is said to be totally insensible to bodily pain. She can neithler feel blows, cuts, nor burns. The doctors attribute this to the fact that there is no connection between the 'sensory and motor nerves in her body. Mr. Gladstone has been suffering 'from neuralgia. It is rumoured that The purposes writing a book of a bio graphical character, which would em. 'brace some of the most distinguished men in the Church. Two young men were fined, with the alternative of 14 days' imprisonment, :for playing football in Croydon Recrea 'tion Ground on Sunday. 