SMUGGLING, DI D AND NEW. In piussing sentence upon .certain persons concerned in a fraud upon tho Victorian Customs Department the other day, Mr. Justice Ilodgcs referred to tlie want of daring spirit and dramatic atmosphere in connection with these matters. He said tho case could not ho justly com pared with tlmt of smuggling, for "what ever admiration there might be in the minds of some persons for the bravery of smug glers, such (lid not apply hero. it. was a lylug, deceitful, secret business. There was nothing open or b'rave about it. It was simply low-horn, lying deceit. It had only tlie courage that would rob a drunken man. There was no redeeming feature of any sort about it." Which may he jicr I'ecily true, without reflecting special discredit upon tho persons concerned as compared with their ancestors. Tho world has changed, and wo do as our fathers did by different methods. In these (lays of bonuses and drawbacks for the encouragement of local Industries, that of deceiving the ruling powers naturally re- colves a good deal of stimulation. The com plex machinery which Governments set up to prevent the exchange of goods between States, and the rewards offered under cer tain conditions to certain producers, offer the only chances of making illegitimate pro- tit on tho good old family lines to the de generate descendants of bold smugglers, who were once the terror of authority along old-world frontiers, and tho admiration of tho populace. Nothing can be done in a country like Victoria in tho way of running In cargoes of forbidden goods which would be worth the doing. For obvious reasons the semi-plratleal jilan of checkmating Go vernments has been abandoned tlie.ro, as iu nearly every other place where high Cus toms duties are levied, and craft and col lusion within tho borders are resorted to. False swearing, false bookkeeping, and falsehood generally are the weapons now employed, aud often more effectively than the world knows of, iu deliance. of laws which seek to veto natural and reasonable processes of trade. It is only once iu a long time that such an exposure as that of the Wocncn conspiracy case takes place. But many instances might he noted in a year's course when sundry of the people of Victoria ' are found In possession of desir able products of other lauds, the manner of whose importation they are reluctant to explain. Persons of some standing and repute in tlie community liavc been caught in the net of taking delivery of ardent liquors on which duty has not been paid. The unreal aud swollen contour of heads of families has led tho lynx eye of the law to the discovery that under their clothing whole boxes of hdgh-prlced cigars were loosely bestowed. As one by 011c the me thods employed in evading duty payments are discovered and outwitted by the Cus toms watchers, Ingenuity suggests others. Oii the whole-tlie smuggling fraternity linisj: score heavily, by the practice of "low-born, lying deceit," in successes of which the pub lic can havo 110 record. In the matter of secrecy and deceit, there is 110 difference between the old and new styles of evading the Customs charges. The gallant:,, dashing sea-dogs of the picturesque past, who brought in ankers of rum for the mor. nnd silks and rare shawls for the wo men of .Merry England, : contrary to the laws of the realm, were not .of a particularly com municative nature. They dill not lake the coast-guard into their conlidence regarding the hour and pla.qc a.t which they intended to dump prohibited imports on the shore. The literature of the calling ascribes to tlieni the ownership, or at least the tenancy, of many coastal caves, which, it. may be noted, are invariably described as secret oaves, known of only by a few faithful country men who were interested ' in the business carried 011, and possibly by the uubrlbablo sweethearts of the smugglers. They did not as a rule chose moonlight nights for their landing enterprises, it is true that they carried cutlasses, big , short-range pistols, and llie bell-mouthed Urearms of the period generally. But oil the average Ihe.v had as much care for their lives, probably, as any other class of sane persons of tlioir time, and took 110 risks that could well be avoided. But the time was far apart from ours in its estimate of the value of human life, in .the days when smuggling reached high-water mark— when a large force of tho soldiery of the nation was permanently engaged In endeavoring to prevent the running of car goes from the Low Countries, or from else where on and about the border coastal dis trict" 'the life of a sliccp or' a bul lock was neuriy as sacred before the law as that of a man. A good deal of the admiration, that is expressed in these times for the courageous spirit of the early freetraders is mistaken. They were representatives of 11. time when men were much more freely exposed to the risk of being slain than now, nnd were, therefore, more used to it. Probably the exaltation of the smuggler in popular song aud story is less duo to a recognition of his exceptional heroism t'liiin to warm approval of his call ing. Robert Burns, who was a Customs oflieor himself, has put 011 record tlie joy with which the populace hailed the seizure and reiuovnl to the nether regions by "the niuckce hlaclc dell" of an exciseman. Tlie people generally felt what tlioy had not wit enough to express in political regulations, that thtiy should he left free to lmy what they lilted and where they liked, as far as their circumstances would allow. If the pressure of trade restriction in another di rection had uot become Intolerable, and led to effective revolt— If the repeal of the im port duties on corn had not carried with it the repeal of those upon strong drink, clothing, aud other tilings popularly re quired, there would still probably be a large force of men wastefully occupied In guard ing the English coasts against illegal im portation. The introduction of tho froetrnde policy killed the profession of smuggling at one blow. Only in protectionist countries is the ghost of It seen 111 our limes in the shape of Customs frauds, wrought, as Is the manuer of our epoch, by means of de ception and connivance. There is nothing blood-stirring or roman tic in the old sense about these trickeries. There is 110 risk to lite attendant upon them. Public opinion would not now sanc tion the shooting down of smugglers, 110 matter how defiantly and openly they sought to break the law. The utmost that It will sanction Is line and Imprisonment as a deterrent against violation of It. In tho inmost heart of almost all men, and pro bably of all women, there is little real con demnation for the person who seeks to evade regulations which hinder him from making an honest bargain with any other to his own advantage. Something like tho feeling exists on this subject which causes the selling of drink 011 Suuduys contrary to law to be winked at, though more general ami more accentuated. Nobody who out wits the law against free Importation Is looked upon by his follows as a criminal In the sense of havlug Inflicted lujury; upon another. Indeed, In some or the most acutely protectionist countries I10 is regar ded as an especially clever citizen. I11 one of the cities of the United Stales there Is a statue In commemoration of a person whose only conspicuous act was to reap a huge fortune by the importation of lead iu deliance of the intention of tho law. There was a heavy duty upon imported lead, tho effect of which was felt severely by plumb ers aud others engaged in callings requiring tho use of it. But there was 110 duty on statuary, and a gentleman, appropriately nnmed Dodge, conceived llie idea of having a shipload of statues moulded ill load sent to hi 111 from the places where tho raw ma terial was most cheaply obtainable. The law was powerless. The enterprising im porter was enabled to reap a large reward, while at the same time illicitly ren dering a public service in' enlarging and cheapening the local supply of a much-needed commodity. Tho devices employed In the United Slates to de feat the Customs regulations arc .num berless, and 110 shame is experienced by any body who Is particularly successful in carry ing out any of thorn iu speaking of the mn Iter to his intimates. They are fraudu lent and deceitful in tho legal sense, hut In the moral sense they do not call for strong reprobation, because tho sentiment In favor of individual liberty to do an in trinsically honest thing, like unrestricted buying and selling, is stronger than popular respect for the law which limits it. 