Pliotographing the Invisible. A WONDROITS DBVKLOPMBNT. (From the Saturday Review.) Wo are still mystery-loving enough to bo L ronsed to a stato ot interest by any tangible ^ manifestation of the invisible, especially when, it comes to us under scientific authority. A - curiosity of this nature was awakened by Dr, Russell's ' J3xperimonts on the Action of Metals, nnd Other Substances on a Photo grapnic i'late,' as the dry title has it; and this curiosity lias receiver! an additional stimulus from tho further researches which ho expounded to the Royal Society in the Bakerian lecture in Marclu The title of the lecture might, almost have' been* 'the- catching of invisible vapours, and' the manufacture and photography of ghosts.' For although' this advanced photography is , quite a piece' of latter-day science, yot thero clings about these experiments witli /invisible vapours given off from newspapers, metals, pill-boves, wood, and a thousand diverse sub stances, an air of mediosval romance wafted from the days of Albertus ilagnus.. It is probably within the recollection of most of us - that Dr. RuBBell discovered that an enormous variety of substances wore capablo of giving a j ?. ' perm anon t record of thoir surfaces on a photo graphic plato whon they woro placed' in contact ?? . with it and loft .for some timo in. the- dark. But there was no definite explanation of tho ^auso of this. Why should a piece of wood a hundred years old, or a nowspapor cutting, or a polished shoet of zinc, photograph itself in, this way? Tho reply is at last forthcoming — -each of these Bubstancos gives off; its own particular vapour, presumably in the form o£ a gas, and this vapour can act upon the silvor ? salts in tho sensitive plate in- precisely tho same manner as light itsolf. The manufacture! ot irhnsf.H Innrin nrlrUHnnnT proof to the vapour theory. -A sheet of polished zinc is cut into some fihnpo, say that of a ghost (traditional form), and is placed in. contact with a piece of white cardboard for some time ; the zinc is then removed, and tho cardboard tied up with a photographic plate. When the plate comes to bo dovelopod thjro appears a black ghost on a whito background. Whilst tho zinc and cardboard woro together tho zinc vapour has beon entering tho' poros of the card, so that to all appearance as blank as before thoro is, in reality, a ghost depicted in it in zinc vapour, and this ghost pan bo mado visible only by tho photographiq means doscribed above. It is tbo early to arrive at any final con clusion' about thoso things, but wo . shall almost cortairily havo to revolutionist) cur ideas about vapours in genoral t We ai*o not at all used to think of nickel, zinc, and aluminium as each giving oil tho vapour of its particular metal at ordinary temperatures ; still loss can. we at presont realise tho calm manner in which thcBO omissions stalk through sheets of golatine and, celluloid as though thoro woro nothing thoro, 'Bub tho facts romniii and constitute one of tho most curious and intorosting dovolopments of science that has occuved for a lon« timo. 