POLICK COURT. [The Folios Magistrate (M r B. Shew) and Messrs G. T. C. Steward and T- Beiinison, J .’sP., took their bench at 10.16 a m. to-day.] Stealing A ppl e s.—Three small hoys, named respectively Norman O'Brien, Leslie Heather, and Thom as Benson, were charged with tbe th e ft of apple valued at 6d, from Rev N . Sboobridg; t-ardeo, Glebe Town, on 2 3 rd ult. bubinspector Cook prosreuted, and the accused pleaded guilty. The Polioe Magistrate said the boys w ere liable to be sent to gaol. The bench d id not wish to severely punish them. I f they oom mitted such an offence agftio they would probably be sent to tbe Training School for five years. They would be discharged with a caution. L abceky op V eg eta bles. — Ernest Fogarty, Henry Minobin, Leslie P ark in ­ son pleaded guilty to stealing a qnentity <-f turnips, valued at 2s, from the garden ( f Ah Ham and Co., on the Cascade road. ub-fnspector Cook prosecuted. Parkin- >'in, who bad been convicted twice before was ordered to be imprisoned for seven days. The others were ordered to be de' lained until 10 o’clock to-night, and crdered to pay 8d each, th e value of tbe vegetables stolen, in default 24 hours’ imprisonment. The Felice Magistrate warned them that if they cam e before tbe Court again they woold be tent to the Training School. ages are respectively 17.18 and 14, w< presented en a charge of disturbing the peeoe in Cambridge road, Bellerive, on the night of tbe 6th inst A lbert Fulton pleaded notgailty a’jdtheotheri not guilty tiab-lntpector Cook proseeated. ContvaVe O' ullivan stated that from complaint received that someone * playing tbe ghost on the nig h t in ques tion he prooeeded to Cambridge street. He found tbe defendants. They threw from them an article (produced), which gave out a bright lightat n ight time. I bad evidently been pinned to something they were also making a peculiar noiee in a drain elose by. He h a d repeatedly received complaints at Bellerive of peoplt playing tbe ghost, *od severs) ir.habi tarns had been frightened. The Benob retired for a few minutes, a n d on return ing into Court tbe Police Magistrate said they found Albert Fulton guilty. They bad been convictecl of a most airocJOQ* offence, and tb e Benob ktiew full well tbe great amoqnt of barm done to women and children by th e abominable practice of playing the gboit. They would imprisoned in tbe H obart gaol for a period of 14 days, aod he hoped it would be « warning to them. The Court tben rose. 