Mining: Notes. ANOTHER MURCHISON MAN IN THE KLONDIKE. Mr. J. Sears, of AuHtin-street, Cue, has just received a letter from Daw son Citv, under date of August 11. The writer, an old Murchison man, damns the country and t,lie admini- stration of the mining laws more out spokenly and emphatically than any one whose sentiments we have yet 6een on paper. A few samples : " I would not advise anyone 'o come h_ere until all the present mining laws' are re pealed. No one who came here this spring baB the ghost of a show to register a claim on any of the .creeks within sixty miles of -Dawson. All the country is marked off within that distance of here. Hundreds of the claims are held by women of bad character. Anything with a dress on can register a claim, no matter by whom the claim has been marked off originally. All the Government officials arc notoriously corrupt, only their prices varying. From a busi ness point of view one would bave to be the sharpest kind of a Jew to make a living among the class who are here. We have a strong Australian committee stirring matters up, and this may improve things. But, al- thcugh some of the creeks are as rich as anything in the world, I do not believe they are extensive, and I consider the field much over-rated. The mining laws are corrupt and cor ruptly administered, and until they are repealed and the country proved, my advice to everyone is to keep away from here." Some little stir was occasioned in Cue this week by the news that deep alluvial had been struck at Talgo. The facts appear to be that the men who are engaged in deepening the well to get an increased supply of water for the public battery came upon undoubted alluvial wash at a depth of about 85 feet. As soon, as the news of the find spread a public meeting was held and £40 or £50 was collected in the room for further prospecting opera tions. One can only trust they will be successful. For the last year or two, Yalgo, owing in a great measure to the fatuous operations of the W.A. Venture Syndicate in the past, has been about the sickest goldflelds centre in the colony, and such a per- raaneut streak of luck as the finding of payable deep alluvial would mean big things for the field. Later. Misleading reports having been cir culated at Cue with regard to the alleged discovery of deep alluvial at Yalgo, we are requested to state that there is nothing whatever to warrant the mildest sort of a crawl, let alone a rush. Alluvial wash has been struck at 83 feet in the battery well, about six miles north- east of Yalgo, but there is no trace of gold in the stuff. The Government have consented to prosecute the work of driving for a week, to give the wash a -chance of proving gold-bearing. Mr. J.'Stirrett, of Cue, who lias been visiting the 6cene, and returned to town on Thursday night, assured our representative that there is not the faintest inducement for Murchison diggers to turn their faces that way. The other stories about alluvial having been simultaneously strnck at other . plaices in the Yalgo neighbour hood he condemns as absolutely with out foundation. Alluvial wash has been struck in the past at Yalgo as in other parts of the Murchison (the immediate neighbourhood of Cue for instance), but it has yet to be proved of the slightest value. There is very little stir at Yalgo over the matter, onr informant adds. « The Cue Victory battery has been busy of late. — — A parcel of 129 tons from the alisbury, which is being worked on tribute, was treated last week and gave a return of 80oz. 2dwtt.. The " stone under question was a singularly uneven lot, 43 tons from one part of the mine giving only the wretched average of 3dwts. to the ton, while the other 86 tons averaged 17dwt«. Besides this, £ tons from the Young Colonial cleaned np for 9ozs. 6dwts, and 40 tons from, the Ashbourne, recently taken over by Manager Hartrick, returned 42ozs. The . manager informs us that some capital stone is being raised from the Ashbourne at present. The Cue Victory battery baa bees running on two parcels of about 6) : I . == tons apiece this week, one being sur face stuff from their own property and the other a crushing from the New Volunter: A clean up will take place to-day. . Active operations are already in progress on the Stake Well proper ties, recently acquired upon specified terms by Mr. Mertzy. At the Eclipse, Boogardie, we hear that they are breaking down good lOoz. stuff from a 15ft lode at the 60ft. level The ore will be despatched to Dry Creek (S.A.) for treatment. # # The Nannine gold escort will reach Cue on ITuesday night. About 2000 ounces of gold is already awaiting transport, and some 400 ounces more is expected at the northern township before the escort starts. ; The Peak Hill Company, since they took over the mines in November, 1897, have crashed 3,704 tons for 13,500oz„ an average of 3oz. 12dwts. per ton. The value of the Peak Hill gold has never fallen below £4 Is. 4d. per ounce, so that this year's produc- ; tion up to date has been worth £54,900. » Th® gold export for October has. distanced all previous records for the colony. Ever since the early part of the year, when the export for January was announced as 93,395ozs., the opinion had been held that before the end of 1898 the coved six figures total would be reached ; but until this week this hope was not realised, and the January yield had the record. On Tuesday, however, the Collector of Customs reported to the Premier that the quantity of gold, the produce of the colony, entered for export during the month of October had been 115,376ozs. — 21,918ozs. in excess of the previous highest export on re- co d for the colony. # Thirty tons of stone from the Bel- gravia mine and 21 tons from Ellis and party's prospecting area near the Tabletop are being treated at the Cue Public Battery. Good returns are anticipated, the clean-up taking place to-day. Next week 170 tons from the Eclipse, near the Gem of Cue. will be treated at the Public Battery. . The East Murchison gold escort left Lawlers for Perth, via Menzies, on Tuesday morning. The amount sent away was 3,77 lozs. Almost simultaneously with the re port that alluvial wash had beeu struck in the Yalgo public battery well comes almost identical news from Tuckanarra. In the latter case the wash was strnck at a little over 70ft. by the men employed in sinking. We understand that no colors have been found in the stuff, although competent judges speak of it as pro mising in appearance. Our Day Dawn correspondent writes that they are on good gold at the Eureka. The machinery on Smith's United is to be erected at once, and the La Tosca is expected to start working in a week or two. 