Sermon for Sunday. Jesus Putting Away Sin. Br Late Rev. C. H. 8ruituEO.s\ But now once in the euil of tlio world liotb Ho jipijeured tn jmfc uwny sin by tho sacrifice of llfinscU. - Hourowaix. '.iti. Lot its consider, first, tlio (into of this greet putting away of sin ; in tlio end of the world, or tho ttge — "iti theso lust dure,'' as one of tlio apostios words it in unother plune. Why wits that timo selected V Wits it not in order to exorcise thofuith of anoirat saints, \ylio, . liko- Abraham, saw Christ's- day in vision— saw Him and were glad ? Thoy were douied tho great privilogo whioh wo possess, . l'rophots niid kings desired it long, but died without tlio sight. Nevertheless, oyer ubovo tlio mausoleum of' auoicnt suiuts we rend this inscription, " Theso all died in faith." Thoy rested 111 confldonco in the Messiuh that was to come, and their faith received its reward. Did not God place tlio putting, away of sin at tlio. closo ofthe ago in order to glorify His Son. by lotting us sco that' tho very aiitieipation of His death was snfileiont for tbe salvation of men ? : Tho practical point I drive at is just this : Yon and I live iu a period when tho patting away of sin . lias boou perfectly accomplished. Beloved, sin is put away. We have uot to exercise the faith of a Nonh, or an Isaac, or a David, iu looking forward to tlio expiation as a blessing yet to uorne, hut the testimony of tlio Holy Ghost is that Jesus hath unco for nil finished transgression, .and made an end of sin, and brought in ever lasting righteousness. Jesus has been led like a luinb to- the slaughter : the passover is slain, tbe propitiation is made. It is u re corded fact that never can be blotted from tho annals of time, that redemption is finished. Sin is put away by tlig oao great Sacrifice, and wo may comn to God, who is reconciled through tho dentil, of His Sun, oar Lord Jesus Christ. ... r- V Secondly, let us mediliite upon tho Person accomplishing the work. Onuo in tho end of tile world hutli Ho appeared. Recollect who it was that ciiiao to take away sin, that you may find solid aud substantial ground-" for comfort, and may tho Holy Spirit help you to stand upon' it! Ho who came to take away sin did not come unseat. He was ap pointed and dolegatod by God. As Toplady has put it — " The God for your unrighteousness Deputed to atouo." He was not only so appointed and cicotoil, but bo wis . also quuliUcd by God. Tho Spirit of the Lord was- upon Him. Ho cuine in His Father's name, clothed with His Father's antborily. I do not Mino own will," said lie, "hut tho will of Him that sont me." " He eontinuully culls it His Father's work and business whioh He enmo to do. - This ought io givo us riuhest consolation. Jesus Is no amateur Suviour, who has no right to appeur us our repre sentative : -He - comes 111 a legal and proper nitiunor. The King of kings hath appointed Him, and what He docs Ho does in trio naino and by the authority of God. God hath sent His Son into tho 'world. His death, though voluntary 0:1 His own part, was not without the consent and will of His Father. It pleased tlio Father to braiso Him : He hath pat Him to griot'. Should wo aot, when God has set. Him forth as a propitiation for sin — should wc not accept whom God appoints ? Attentively observe tho constitution of His person. He who came to save men is no other thuu God : therefore cupublo of viewing sill from God's point of view, capable of understanding what was due to God. By bracing His Godhead to His manhood He was capable, in- His twofold nature, of sustaining pangs whioh' humanity could ..not' have endured apart from Godhead, and of re ceiving into His infinite mind li sight of sin, and a. horror concerning it, such us 110 finite mind ever could huvo endured. You ..think you- comprehend sin ; my brethren, yon cumiut. It is an evil too moiistrous for the human mind fully to know its heights ,iirid depths, its lengths and breadths ; but Christ, ivlio is God incarnate, knew what sin meant. Aud it behoved Him to sulfer, not because Ho was tho Son of God, or the Son of Mitri, bat bccuuse Ho was tho Kcdeeiner, tho'/ Sponsor, and .the Surety of men. . Note in tho tgxl the appearance mentioned : " Now onne iu-Vthe end of the world hath Ho appeared to put away siu." Y"ou will re-j momber that whou tho 'high, priest mado' atoncmuut for siu, lia took the basin filled with blond aud passed within the veil. No 0110 saw him there : and while ho stood before tho mercy- seat and sprinkled tbe blood no human eye behold it— his typical work was a tiling of mystery. But, iny brethren, the: great High Priest and Prophet of our .profes sion lias rent the veil and appeared openly, aud the putting uwuy of sin by Him is" a nianifost thing, which can ho aeon by tho understanding: inly, iu sumo respects it was even seen by liuiiian eyes aud heard by mortal oars. " In seeiot," suid He, " I did nothing." " I tnught, openly lii. your streets!" For " tho .Word wild made flesh, and d Walt among, uh," siiys John; ;-'and wo beheld-His glory,: the glory as 'of. the mily begotten of tho Father. ..full of grace and truth." . Nay, more; .not only w.is rfis manhood apparent,! hut His Godhead loo. Did Ho uot raise tho dead with His voice '/ When Ho wulkcd upon tlio sea, when He licuied tho lopor, when Ho opened the blind eyes, when Ho unstopped tlio deaf cam, v/ero uot all these gleams and giintpses of His eternal power and Godhead These things were not seen by a foiv priests set apart to eaier into tlio sacred, circle, and then to bear witness, but through out all Galilee and Jndea it was openly noised abroad that tlio .Messiah had euuie, and "those things weru not done in a corner." . God knows, mid God alone, nil that His Beloved suffurcd ; but still, the scourging and tho niooking, tlio spit ting. and. the. crowning with thorns, tho nailing and the crucifixion, and the death— these wcro.opeii and manifest things. And not only were the lncitiiiutioh of Christ, and His Deity, and His death, manifest tilings, but tho way in whioh theso tilings relate to tlio forgiveness of siu is also dourly revealod to us. - We toll you tliut thero is a ground fur yoar .trust wliiiiii your rouson muy upprolieiid. It is this: That Jesus Christ stood iu tlio room, pluoc, uud stead of siiiaors i that Ood visited Him with the stripes which were duo to us; that, to use the words of our hymn — . " Ho bore, that wo might never bear, His Father's righteous ire." A fourth matter which yields consolation is tho Bucrifiee itsulf. "Once iu the end of tho .world liuth He appeared to put uwuy sin" — how? "By I he sacrifice of Himself." Observe, brethren : Christ did not oonio into tho world .merely to put away sin by His oxatnplo— His example is must blessed, and if .we lu!)ow it, it becomes a potent menus of promoting virtuo ; Jesus aid . not- como into tba world 'merely to put uwuv sin 'by His teuuhiug— although His teaching dous do thut wherever it is received, since in the strength of His doctrine men become mighty throughHis Spirit to overthrow their inbred sin ; but wo avo told in .the text that He camo to put away sin by snorificc; " Tho blood of Jesus Christ His Son clcansoth us from all sin;" and nothing hut tho blood, ' It', was tliiit sacrifice, . my brothron, which 'conitnohccd iu Gothso- maiie.-whon tlio. bloody1 sweat bedewed Him: from head .to foot, when every portion of His body, and ovcry power of His soul was full of anguish und dismay ; it was that saerifloe which was carried on in the bull of Filuto, boforo the judgment scat of Caiuphas, at the bar of blustering Horod; n sacrifice which Ho offered when they soourgod Him, when thoy plaited a crown of thorns, when thoy spat upon Him, when 'thoy sinoto Him with their fists and mocked Him ; a saorifieo winch oulminutod when Ho hung upon the cross iu tho extreme of thirst, und shrieked, "My God, My God. .why hast Tliou forsaken Mo? " Oh sinner, I desire that then wouldst stand at the foot of tho cross and think of Jesus till thou canst find comfort ! I bolievo tho shortest way to faith is to oonsider well tho object of faith. Tho true way to get comfort is not to try aud comfort yourself away from the cross, but . think of Christ dying for you till you are comforted'; say unto your soul; " I will never remove from the cross until I am washed iu His blood : 'Blest Saviour,- ut 'Thy feet I lie,' hero to 1 receive a euro or dio ; But grace furbids that painful fear— almighty grace, whioh triumphs hero.'" Yquknowthohealiiigcametotheserpeiit-bitteu by , looking at the serpent— not by look ing at thoir own wounds, nor yet by hearing about the cure of others ; and oven so healing will come to you— not by looking at sin, nor hearing about Christ, so much as by fixing your mind's eyo upon the cross, aud meditating' upon Him who died thereon. . I usk you to think of the thoroughness of the work which .was contemplated. In the end of the world Christ was revealed to put away sin. Ho did not coiue into the world to palliate it merely, ,qr to cover it upV'but He ca'nio to put it away. Wo read in the Word of God sometimes that lie cast it ' into the depth of tho sea ; that is glorious ; nobody cuii over find it again — in the shoreless depth of tho sea Jesus drowned our sins. Aguin, we find He removed it us far us the east is from tlio west. Who can measure that ? So we can say, " Who shall lay anything to tho churgeofGod'sclect? It is God that justifiotli. Who is ho that condemnoth ? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right band of God, who also maketli intercession for us." Oh that some soul may get a ray of light from tho evident completion of this work. " Once in the end of the world Ho hath appeared to put away siu." His redemption ie complete ; sin is put away, and bolievcrs are saved. Will yau not come, guilty, needy sinners — will you not come und partake of tho glorious fullness of Christ's morit? Oh, wherefore stand you buck ? Yoti want no fitness. Wait not for it. No goodness is nskod of you. Do not look for it. All goodness dwells in Him. Coine with your . hard hearts— he will soften them come with the stone that is within— He wiil take it away and give you a heart of flesh. Como to Jesus now for all. 1 , " True belief and truo repentance, Every gruco that brings us nigh — Without money, come to Jesus Christ and buy." i 