PAYABLE WASH. A really good series of cinemato graphical representations, on the Oorbett Fitzsimmons lines, of the leading events of the Spanish-American war would be just the thing to boom the world over. Patriots on either side world fall over one another in order to catch a glimpse of realistic blood and thunder. The festivities at Manila and Santiago de Cuba would make capital films, to sap nothing of the spectacular opportunities afforded by the capture of the Spanish fleet; the defeated adm ral's touching farewell to his crew, and the luggings and muggings atten dant thereon. Aguinaldo's merry men amassing loot and making things warm for the captive Spaniards would form an effective interlude; while the cowboys in action might be calculated to fairly bring down the house. The sinking-of the Merrimac and an effort or two at blockade running could fill in vacancies. Anyone with a box of tricks such as these at his back might count himself a millionaire again and again. Audiences would flock from far and near, sod the show, once perfected, would be an inex pensive affair to keep going. An almost unlimited run would be secured the patentee in all quarters of the globe. If the lectures upon the career of W. E. Gladstone, which appear to be the correct thing just now, were punot uted with progressive views of that respected statesman in the act of felling timber, etc., etc., their popularity would , be assured. A few concluding scenes de picting Gladstone giving up the ghost (a question in which the public appears to take a morbid pleasute) and his subse quent interment in Westminster Abbey; turned on to the tune of the -eaad March in Saul, might serve to eke out the thin places. in the present uninterest ing monologues. There is certainly a great "future be fore the cinematogriapbe; but -woe is me! A properly charged camera does not al ways ' happen to be there" at the right' moment. What an irreparable loss his tory has sustained by th , unforseel fact of the Prince of Wales rolling d&wns; airs at a time when no kodak was near, get a snapshot of hls royal luster ! The last moments of Bismarck, for that otier G.O M. of blood and iron, went unde picted : a memorial of that melancholy struggle might have afforded much national consolation. It is rather interesting at this moment to compare German and British trade with the Philippines as illustrated by Consul Rawson Walker's report. The report, on the whole, is flattering to British trade, which far exceeds that of the whole of Continental Europe with the Philippines. Of the hardware trade we ' read, however-" Needless to mention, Germany continues to hold her own against all comers in the hardware department, and the finer prices have to be cut the firmer hold she gets on this trade." The other references to German success in trade are all indirectly flatter ing to Great Britain, which still stands for quality, and apparently disdains the trade of the cheap Jack. The question for our traders, however, is whether they are not letting Germany throw the sprat that is to catch the whale. For example : "Small article (sundry) all call from Germany, and are of the very cheapest description to suit the native consumers' pocket." Of course, there is a policy in suiting the consumers' pocket. Again : - " E arthen and glassware demand, calls for steady sup plies, the commoner quality eqpanating from Germany, and the better class from the United Kingdom." British traders are too proud to cater to moderate purses. Thus, in paints and oils: " Well-known En glish marks are conspicuous by their absence, owing to the fact that English manufacturers do not 'ca-e to ship such low qualities as find 'on sumption." It is somewhat consoling, after all, to find that, when German trade is creeping in, the fact is due to British pride in the good name of British goods. But how far (asks the Daily News) s this a mere excuse for that want of enterprise and that want of adaptability 'to the needs of our cus tomers of which the British manufac turer is so frequently accused ? 