NOTES AND COMMENTS. A gentleman advertises in a down-below contemporary for a wife. After modestly describing his own qualities, he says that the young lady of his choice must have a knowledge of typewriting and shorthand. What this chap wants, by the look of it, is not a wife, but a Trades' (Jnion. » * » * How is K that all theatrical entrepreneurs who strike this colony will persist in regarding the goidfields centres as peopled by an aggregation of country bumpkins, with whom will go down shows that would be hissed oflE the boards in any of ijie big provincial townB of the East ? Tim after time tnir'e shows have been brought to the fields, and have met with disaster all along the line; but still they come.. It seems useless to point out to the promoters and managers that the goidfields populace is largely comprised of city men from the East, from London, and from the Continent, who have been accustomed to entertainments of the beBt. They don't seem to be able to realise it. To their reasoning advanced civilisation and a 400-mile rail jourtey don't run in double harness. However, we reiterate what has ao often been said in these columns for the benefit of the theatrical profession at large— until the entrepreneurs awaken to the tact that goldfielaers for the moBt part want nothing below ' medium,' empty benches and palsied ' ghosts' must be the rule throughout their tours in these parts. * T * * There was a ' big revival' one winter among the colored folks near Southern Pines, tforth Carolina, under the powerful preaching of Br'er Johosing, who rained rhetorical heil-fire upon his hearers, and depicted the" ' terrors of the Judgment' to them in most graphic language. Scoies of the darkies pretended to have' done got religion sure nuff.' As usual among those excitable creatures, these conversations were attended with hysterical shrieking?, having the ' power,' falling, fcc, until a very pandemonium prevailed for about one week. Then Br'cr Johnsing was called home by the death of a child. Leaving, hs promised to return the next Sunday to baptise the young converts by immersion. On Sunday morning hundreds of people, black and wki;e, stood skivering upon the ba~<ks of the creek where baptismal services were to be held. By what means Satan had recaptured these souls none k&ew;, but when Br'er Johnsing asked for the baptismal candidates to step forward, only one lone, lame darky responded. 'Yergo home, yer,' called Br'er Johnsing in disgust, 1 dew yer epose I'm goin' tew git myself all over wet for one darn old black niggah, hef V # » * » Yesterday the ( Murkan' lady journalist was paragraphed in this column. Latest advices from the land ot pop-corn and Presidents mention the ca&e; of a chorus girl who had been summarily discharged for resenting an insult offered to her by a wellknown manager. The latter had taken a gross liberty, and had been 'put in his place' with a spank on the jaw that made his teeth rattle like castanets at a Spanish chriulening, Soon after that a lady reporter—and a really pretty one too—suggested to her editor that she should get an engagement in the chorus referred taj and when the manager had insulted, her, should leave and write up a fall and spicy account of the trouble. 'Yes,' said the editor, 'that's very well, but suppose the manager does cot inBult yon, what then?' ' Humph 1' said the pretty penpushc-r, as she thrust out a shapely, well-shod little foot and allowed a well-rounded ankle to be seen,' I should like to see the man who wouldn't insult me—if 1 wished him to do Rougemont is probably s.11 right (comments an English exchange). The oniv thing we don't like about him ia the way he chucks in the makings of a flashy pioneering prospectus at the end of hia lectures. The weak point, aB it appears to ua, is the alluring gas abont the tons of gold and precious stones lying around loose in regions hitherto explored only by himself. * * s * A contemporary informs us tbat 'King Malietoa, the Samoan monarch, lately dead, received a smaller salary than any royalty— £30 monthly—and it was usually in arreira.' The knowledge of this must bave been comforting to those poor but 'aughty persons whose Bole aim in life is to ape the doings of royalty, white, black, or brown. • * * * As the law stands I (' Ontis') suppose there is nothing for it but to punish the hotelkeeper who waters the spirits he deals in. Of course it isn't a square thing if in return for his proffered threepenny piece the customer is only helped three yards along the road to paralytic drunkenneBB, when the statute allows and expects him to be helped four. Anybody who knows hie own mess are, and has calculated upon entirely diBgniBing himself for, say, a couple of shillings, has a real grievance, from his point of view, if he haB not been brought sufficiently 'forrard' by the time his resources have given ont. Bnt, on the other hand, no reasonable man of the world would expect to get, in any average threepenny bar, snch full measure of any spirit as he does get, if that spirit were undiluted. Competition is just as sharp in Bung's profession as any other, and if Bung will persist in living, despite the temperance bodies, he must add to the accursed bowl a fair thing in the way of the great baBic temperance quencher. This is at least a harmless deception. The purchaser wouldn't like it if he knew about it, and he has the law on his side. But it is for his good all the same, as well as for the publican's good. So long as nothing but pure, honest, germleas water is made tomingle in the flowing of bar-room taps, the intrinsic cffence done is a small matter. I don't know that Good Templars and like reformers could get in better work for the cauBe of sobriety than by secretly subsidising Bong to water it more and more until the distillery interest tottered. * # * * Handy Andy has a prototype in Pat Dooley, the worthy servant of a Western district (Vic) master, for Pat complies with his master's commands literally, if not intelligently. Recently the cook,' Christina,' lay ill, and Pat was sent to report her progress to the doctor, who lived 10 miies away, on the day following hie viBit. 1 Tell Dr B.,* said the master, 1 that Christina haB passed a slsepless night in great pain, and that her temperature is 102 this morning. If he gives you a fresh prescription, be sure and bring it out with you.' The doctor heard the story, wrote a fresh prescription, and said,' Be sure she haB this by midday.' ' Stse'll have it, sor,' said Pat. * if I have to kill Ginger to bring it to her.' 0£E he paliop'-d, and Christina received the prescription before midday—but not the medicine. That wa6 a detail which Pat omitted. Christina recovered, notwithstanding. 