SATURDAY, MAY 14, 1898. The federation debate, so far as it is being conducted in Victoria, at least, might delight a philosopher as well as satisfy a patriot. No other political debate equal to it in range and force and temper has ever been carried on in the history of the colony. In temper the controversy is keen and frank with- out being bitter; the public interest felt in it is worthy of the great issues at stake; while in intellectual quality it does honour to the community. The ablest men of'all pat ties ino taking pint lu it, th« speaking at the cauutless meetings being held Is ndiuinible, both lu forte nuil tone.' l'ei hups no gient in.n-uic ever befoio had to pass through such li lli'e of ciltlclsm. Xo Inlagluable defect' In the bill escapes attack, no Haw eludes criticism. Where tliiAV s do not ONist, they huvo been In- vented. The ciltlclsm of the bill, in brief, is mleioseoplc, tireless, and most Ingenious It w III bo impossible», AV hen the. light is ov er, to say that the electors hnv e been asked to v oto on a bill vv hlch ins not been adequately e .pounded to them And "heatly It Is possible to claim that the advocates of the niciLstuo have AAon an overwhelming liitellc'Ltunl victory. Nothing, In fact, i.mains to the anti-federalists hut a inelaueholv collection of refuted sophlstiies, of vviecked niithmetit*, of alleged "facts" almost universally locognisDd to bo llctlous, and of ngl ttited piophecies AAIIILII CAM-}body but theil ulm meei authors smile at as mere ghost-, bom of prejudice and Indiges- tion But the debate has Us risks as well as Its meiits There is real dtingci that the supreme Issues of the gient conti oversy> inn} be lost sight of behind nu obscuilng dust-storm of the veriest trilles. AU the real objections to tlie bill produced so fur may be grouped, and dismissed, under two heads. Thej aie either defects which tuaj be eusll.i lemedled by the 1'edeial rmlluncut Itself, or they ure dltlletiltlos Inherent In nnv coneelv able sélleme of It dei i (lou, aud If admitted to be validngainst i the present mensure' would lie equallv fatal against any oilier federal st heme which tho wit ot ni lu lould tonstruit The ie.ll issue ut stake is not win .lau we .hall necept the piesont 1'eder.il Bill 01 anotheu one slight iv ditfeient fioin it. It is vv mullir VAC shall have ti fedeinted Auxlialln at all \s lui "nuotlier bill" If the present measure is rejected, AVIIO will mulei luke to líame It.' Call we hope fin amitlici Kedeial Convention Avltlt ampler nuthoilty nnd a hlghei average ol ability and w Isdom to ft une foi us another constitution ' To A otc against tlioredeial Hill, Avhlili has been thawn up by a Pnilliunpiit so tiulv represen tatlve, and in v\lilt li was eoneenti ititi the best political abilltv of the colonies Is, lu fact, to vote against ledeuulou lt_elf. The cholie beloie Austi.illa at the piesent moment tunstitutis, In n wind, the giavest political eilsis in the hlstotv ot Hie colonies We me» at the palting of the vvavs We are required to mnke our choice between two political futures V\e mav iii it lo keep Austt ulla, tis it Is to ii i> a c luslei of wiangling lolouiis not n nation, powetless, dependent, linking a iiiiii nioii polliv, tontemiillble In eli mulei nuil stale to Hu» outside» world, au Vustialla lielpless foi self tlcience with em li tlnv fi lgnient of Hie group moving on dlvcigliig lines ot polliv, anti lessening, in evi'i.v (separate lu- ton st tilled Into I'Alstence, and lu i'veij new and hostile dut} liiipuscd on em h othei's luotluils the piobiibllitv that Alistialia will evei become a nation This Is ot course, ii sun lill i» of om whole fut me It means the suiientloi ol the plate possible to us In the emplie, ami the abandonment of Hie gieat liait we might plnv in Hu» (limit i ol the vv01 Id s biston It is lo choose to be Utile mid weak, when we might 1M» gie it and streng 'Jo make suth a choice Is lo pi minim to Hie whole outside world oin bmik niptij alike In pollthnl intelligence anti In politic ii min age lloglierii was aggrievul when he was denied the oppoitimllv of writing hlnisell down an ass Bul we sh ill have wtltton ourselves down In tlie eves of the whole ilvilised vv oi lil a>. a vet j asinine loniniuultv II we i eject one ol those golden opportunities-which hlstoiy oflets so rurel}, mid renews so gnulg I lugly and so seldom-ol' stepping up to a higher place in the seilt of nations 'lo leject HIL bill is to declare In favour of au Uistinlln piovincial and till idod and thit would be a choice at once Ignoble nuil mad But If the bill Is curled it will in st tut!» oiitn to ns i »»olid ot new pot. slbllltle«. Whit Indi til Mould lit Im possible to i continent like Vtistialu so llih in ill the elements of munal wealth »ihm Knitted Into nuit» and slnplng its destinies on a toiuuiou plan' And the fei<->i-il debite his leiched i stige in » JHt.li all stnslblt men um be nsktd to tlmist peienip toil!» mide the men ciltltism of de tails the alaiins bied of ptttv side Issuts the quiihl» vanishing dlllitul tits w billi nie the inevltible tonditloiis of am glint politic ii thinge iile debate ought now to be detlded b» . judgment whir li contentiatts itself on the out supreme jnil «nil qmstlou In »olved-whether the Austiallau tolo nies are or aro not to become a single compact, and might» Common»» eilth i factoi lu the Biltish Empire of the flmt order and able to spe ik lu the eountUs of the empire lu tidences both of luthoiit» ind dlgnitv Hlstoiv will judge the present debite and Its Issue with uuspniing «diUti \ud it »vould bo an enoimous gain if ¡wo could today see the misent [stiuggle lu which we are all actors lu ¡something of the perspective of hlstoii Our childicu will wonder tint at t trlsls like the pieseut wo hesitated th it we _ÍIW the advantages of fedun lion to be so little and imagined its, dilllcultles to bo so gleit that so m m» ol us iguoblj consented to weigh in mo against principle ind to postpone ti» untlon to the pnilsh But w li it would be the -verdict of histor}-ol our own children that Is-if wo Hung mm oin own futuie and theirs bj rejeiting the rederal Bill and so decreeing that the di» liions of AustitUia «illili hi per pettinl*1 'lho eleetois of this lolon» luipplh aie not in the leist likil» to ni ike tint c» 11 choice But it will lulu thtni to estap a blunder which would ilso be a tragodj If, aftet llstuihig ti e» tri thing whith can be uti,eil ngul-ist the 1 edoial Bill on nuttets of micro iscoplt dot ill the» now eonceutiite theil judgment ou the Kingle and supi erne Issue invohul in the mensure the tholce bttwlTt Austrilla united mil prospoious md Vusti illa ilhliled dlstiacled tud nan progiesslx e In the interests of the British public, who dearly love a myster and a sen- sation, it is to be regretted that the latest romance of the peerage does not hang together better. People with paralysed imaginations cling obsti- nately to chronological detail, and on that ground the fascinating theory pro- pounded by Mrs. Druce about the true succession to the dukedom of Portland meets discredit. But the story is the most daring flight of fancy lately ven- tured upon in this prosaic age, and with a little coutenance gained luckily at the outset it may thrive and blossom into a cause celebre, rivalling the Tichborne claim. Had it not been for the staggering recognition of Arthur Orton by the Dowager Lady Tich- borne, that sensation might never have fructified as it did. And the Druce- Portland mystery has already had an initial success. For one thing, it has become a newspaper topic; for another, Mrs. Druce, who is setting the wheels in motion with the aid of her patrons, the Pembroke family, has suf- ficiently inpressed the Consistory Court to obtain an order to exhume the coffin in Highgate Cemetery, supposed to contain the remains of her late father-in-law, T. C. Druce. The piquancy of the issue lies only partly in the contention that the body of Druce senior will be returned non est in- ventus. The accompanying allegation is that not only did Druce, the pro- prietor of the "Baker-street Bazaar," neglect to be buried decently in 1864, but that he walked the earth for many years afterwards as the eccentric fifth Duke of Portland. Some shadow of obscurity must rest upon the career of a nobleman who is to be made the central figure in such a fairy tale. It is present in this case. The late Duke (then Marquis of Titch- field) disappeared from Welbeck Abbey, the family seat, at the time his brother, Lord George Bentinck, Dis- raeli's leader, was found near the spot dead from heart spasms. Sober chronicles simply tell us that, though the fifth Duke succeeded to this father's title and estates in 1854, he did not take the oaths and his seat in the House of Lords till three years later. Where was his Grace in the meantime? Why, at the upholstery bazaar in Baker- stree, the ingenious Mrs. Druce would reply. Once more, it is upon indis- putable record that the peer associated with this supposed masquerading was a recluse and "queer." Sensation- loving journals are saying "very queer" —that after assuming his proper state he only drove outside the gates of Welbeck in a specially constructed coach hung with the impenetrable cur- tains, that he wore a hat 2ft. in height, a long loose coat like the ancient Grimes, and invariably tied his trousers with a piece of string above the ankle in navvy fashion. These are characteristics alleged to cor- respond exactly with those of an amiable private lunatic, "Dr. Harmer," into whom, we are told, Druce senior merged after his supposed burial in 1864. The story so far is wild enough. It gets its lucky lift from the recog- nition of a photograph by an eminent brain specialist, Dr. Forbes Winslow. The doctor is said to have identified a portrait of Druce senior as that of his mad patient, "Dr. Harmer," and old attendants at the private asylum are quite ready with corroboration. Har- mer was suggestively strange. He, too, had a mania for tying up things with bits of string; he had, moreover, it is now recollected, a ducal manner— treated the attendants with contempt " just like a duke," asservates one witness; was subject to fits of remorse- ful terror, and repeatedly exclaimed, " You don't know who I am." Flimsy evidence, so far; but the Druce-Harmer portrait is further assered to exactly represent the fifth Duke during an interval when he wore a beard, and, further, we have the suspicious peculi- arities of Druce, the bazaar-owner, to whet curiosity. Druce was extremely reticent as to his private affairs, and whenever any of the nobility or royal personages called at the emporium, he would obstinately refuse to emerge from concealment. Once he preferred to lose a large order rather than per- sonally interview a gentleman "of high " position." What could be more cha- ractreistic of "the Duke in exile?" More thrilling still is the testimony that this mysterious upholsterer sur- vived his supposed funeral at High- gate. After that date he not only made unaccountable reappearances at the Baker-street bazaar, but terrified his former employes into fits by his presence. One Mrs. Fledger, then forewoman at the establishment, died insane through the shock of such an apparition, repeating, as she expired, the exclamation, "There he is!" Such are the materials. It will be a thousand pities if so exhilarating a sensation perishes still-born. Dr. Tristam, the chancellor of the Con- sistory Court, has seen cause enough to impound the marvellous photograph of three men in one, upon which so much hinges. But the exhumation of the Druce coffin is still delayed. Mrs. Druce seems to have proceeded with Macchiavellian astuteness. Fore- seeing the mighty forces that would be arrayed against her, she first pro- ceeded, not without difficulty, to get the ownership of the Druce vault vested in herself. Then she applied foi an exhumation order, ostenslbly to see whether a fraud had not been prac- tised by the burial of a large sum of money in the coffin. As by an unac- countable irregularity there was found to be no medical signature to the burial order. Dr. Tristam granted the request. But it is being fought by an applica- tion for an injunction, and technicali- ties are pleaded. Under the Burials Act the exhumation of one body must not disturb others, and the disputed coffin is at the bottom of the vault. Here public suspicion, of course, takes fire. Why should the opposing lawyers be so anxious to prevent this enter- prising lady setting the spade to work, did they not know that her "delusion" will prove a fact and the coffin be dug up empty? presumably, the identifi- cation ol the Duke and the vanished upholsterer will then be an easy step. Naturally, the prosaic mind will still find difficulties. It is unfortunate that one of Dr. Winslow's asylum at- tendants can remember "Dr. Harmer" as late as the year 1881, and the eccen- tric fifth Duke of Portland unquestion- ably died in 1879. On the authority of the "Dictionary of National Biography" we know that the hermit peer refused to allow any of the army of workmen employed upon the estate to show him the least sign of respectful recognition. Still this hardly amounts to a tacit con- fession of his connection with the Baker-street furniture trade and the Hammersmith asylum. He was a misoygnist, died unmarried, and his distant cousin, the present Duke, suc- ceeded. Yet if the Druce narrative were true, his Grace was a much married man in another sphere of life, and has a vigorous race of descendants quite ready to divide his princely parti- mony. On the face of it, the romance appears too extravagant to yield long- drawn-out entertainment. Neverthe- less, let the generous but addle-pated British masses once get the notion that a lone and helpless widow woman is being crushed by an oligarchical con- spiracy, and their sympathy may flame out. The extraordinary Tich- borne craze was chiefly due to popular sympathy with the poor (yet fat) man tyrannously "deprived of his rights." It is expected that Parliament will be opened about the 21st prox., and Ministers are now busy preparing for the session. The principal measures will be the Land Bill, Workmen's Compensation Bill, Coloured Races Immigration Bill, Water Act Amendment Bill, Coal Mines Regula- tions Bill, and Loan Conversion Bill. A bill will also be brought forward to amend the Factories and Shops Act, so as to per- suit of shops closing at 1 o'clock p.m., in- stead of noon, in connection with the week half-holiday. The Purification of Rolls Act and the Electoral Act will also be remodelled, with the view of bringing the Parliamentary rolls more up to date, ami indenting »uroona bein_ struck off the I U met eli bunine they hive moved lound the comet ' If there is time II hill cmlio Ii iiiR the one adult one-v ote punciple mil 1 e iiioiicjit foi wini Hie Jnfiuit Life I'rottition Vet is to be unended bj pro lubitii e, nurses adopting infants foi a. lump sum lhere lull also he mensures to orrj mt Hie ( oieinntent poliei of min IA, «atti nul publie Aioiks, mill to iisRist the Mine ml d uri nit; indiistiies 'Hie Vege tition I) i isis Vet txpiics no\t jen, so tint time will lune to ho a -holt mensure li ngia foin nil minimising ils continu lui« \s noon us Hie session opens tlie «pint committee of the Legislative Council mil no doubt tike eudnicc on tho Px petted Products Hill, winch mut pave the «ni í i the pissing of a me »sure to ne i n i li li wini the -[linster of .Riicnltuii di-nes iiitlitiut imposing needless ve_.tuc tion on mu expott ti ide in petislnble I roduct \s lofore iniioiuiced, "Vii Panton, PM Mrite to Hie Solicitor C tint is i ititnm section of the comiminitv ol Jtetcil to his sitting on the Bench nt the MtUoi ohtm Licensing Com t, he would io tra if it wtie tlit)n_lit desirable, notwith inline; tint Hie 1 ull Couit had vunbelted Inn m connection with the nllogition of nivs nude hi the Victorian Allumée Hie "oheitor Cieuotiil intends, foi tho nike of lone uni luinuoin, to allow Mi Panton to lettre lltoti_h no intimation to that iltict Ins ut been tuen lum lhere will I un ditlicultv m Idling the AIICUHCV at ti e Alelí ipciht in Licensing Court, «s nil I olin niti|,i-tiut(_i mo licensing mugts trates is » is ivpected owing to Hie ic-idont of I m hell lining withdrawn their oppo «ti n 11 the proposed infectious discuses liolit-il -nug erected m the \nrrn Bend A i lum ..rounds the Heidelberg Council d I mt line the interview AVIHI the Pie mci lestinln ulucli it atnn.ed for some ilns iko Iheie is now no doubt Hint the » t tullun will be limit thcit the onl> ililli flin IHIIIÍ, IS to it-* cxiiit position Hie ~~u his it cieitttl on portiin of the reserve j t fu bom the .>itilditi_,. occupied bv Hie I untie, but Di M Ciceii, the niidit ii «Iii iiteiident of hospit ils foi the ins me, ' fe tint Hie ftiti hospit ii should he "«te 1 m (he n iitlitin pint eil Hie Mounds !<"uir to tin lltidilbcit, ioid Hie Prt "ui li« isked them lo confti mth the 1 ei of anning at i dcci-i>u is t> ivlieie Iii tt should lu so Ilia the woikof ireet '»t. the budding nu) be ptoeeeiletl with is i irli i, j ossible \i ul mid loutifiilh imitniiijie sljle «is ii pi i ullii Mi 11 1 ism ot I irlton > no lum to the iiisitltnt ol the Minne ho-ul »i, ,_-,» usteidu llt .?,_ ,"___,"__ m I is n enteitl iln li,t, un bilnlf ot lint i!~ctul IIUCJA OI linn the boiler ck meis u I f Honed ni | mci ,]K ,_uu ot "" IK u ii I 11 mu IIi" 1 »lu tk inn horn tin '" H ut «li ii li inteicd the boihi until «o « i lui iib hu k1 Hu uj, the mid Io" ll ' ' '«? mu m ii isint, (he min > 1 while HIL mu,,, u is inside Mi 1 > 1 m I tin lust dsipiui nue of 1 ' ' 1 m t nil Hit cat it met ii le t ! lh ti I li HI m mu mil ile) u »Ulli ' i h u n Hu , inclusion of his t l-l '» M> i ntl III hid left his io ils . . -. -?? . ,, ,i Ml 111,1 Itll HIS IUHS 1 'J1'1 » I« (I li-eilt nell let lus steps *' ni t theb lei to lu ii foi Hiern dm 1-11 I n i I the iel met win MU , " "Ul " I li ul Ouriomt bv ti 'li In ", j ,),_ |0|)u ,,,_ llnf)rtl, ___ ''-"".' '1 I nut lim the upiitet le placing the co» er of the iiiúiiliole ind ins soiled up inside Boiler .'lied lue lit le suit-mine ei»d» uiii-itied tin ii dcsei bed mott Ali lison mil he ur_eil I iptini Currie to «rue to the propel uitlioiitici pipéis &c; in oidei tint n legal ilion might be frimed compelling the engmcei to eNminie the lioilci mil sec tint there n is no foieign linttei in it bcfoie the lue ivis ht Cipti n Linne iniited suggestions from the boin! lor his o»»n put, he thought lint it wolli 1 be tlilhcult to secure Iinnlit», foi it the engineci »n, to mal c the hodel denier ifc h- .-_» get, »hut in lum sell, md it woulel be lieceos-nj fot someone el»e to sec tint lie too e eiped in tune And so the pioce s might go on id in liuituni linilh the bond dendeil that thei could tike no iction ni the îmttei On I hurst! ii iitcriioon the I'lemicr »1,1 ted the Jmniu,i mc-, Home on the ¡>t Kddn rou! ind also the dei ot lol men in the Ho»-ii pirl, in connection »nth lu» scheme for prondmg icconimodition foi the nfced destitute, instead of lming thom bent to gaol on a cliai_e of »agrim» Ile stnlc-s tint he ii-is iigrecnbl) surpiisod with the wii m which this institution is nnnnged, ind commends the committee for the close attont on it piys to the details ot mninge ment Hie n»cri_e cost pet week foi cieh minite is onlj 3/0, ot tal i (lui lins in eludes, food, medicine, fuel, light, mid in fact e» en thing, cNcepl the cet of the build nigs Sn George 'lurnei urnnged with the committee til it the» should erect ndilitionul accommodation at the ¡st Kildi roid home I foi 3.1 women, ¡md it Ko} ni pin I. foi 00 men Hie former will most hkeli be piwided bl the erection of n »vooden building, which w ill he erected b» the male inmates of the institution, »vhtle the lacier, winch »nil be a brick btiiictuic to be in keeping with the othei buildings in the lto)ul|iatk, »nil be elected bv either conti let ot du» Inborn, the inmates doing the »lork, nnd supplnng the fittings 'lliercison foi lulling n wooden building ii the ^t Kilda nut! is that it could be u-ili shifted in the eient of the home being remo» oil fiom there Hie Go »eminent »nil find nlintern «uouci is le quired tor these buildings Tor the beiieüt of those who -it Port Alel bourne hist night howled doini two gentle men who wished to moie nn amendment m fa»oin of the Commonwealth Constitution Bill, it mi} ho interesting to quote fiom the lepoit of i meeting »»Inch, comencd bj. the Autstnhnn Xatiies Assocntion in fnvoiu of federation, took place nt Toots cray on 'JJiursdi) eiening, May 5:— "Mr. J. Hancock, M.L.A., thinked the Australian Natives' Association for their courtesy in allowing him a place on the platform, md mo»ed as an amendment-' lint m the opinion of this meeting the Drift Common »ielIUi Bill of 1898 is umlnnocintic in its clnnctei, and cdculnted to injure the best interest» of the people of Austriha '" On th it octision Ail Hancock «poke foi near!» half nu horn, md had n com leons and nttenti»e healing, cien though in the end his amendment wus defeited Yesterdi» the llimstci of \gricuKuie saw Mi Ginhiun, Al L \ , the chairman of the Council of Agiiculturil rdutition, nnd suggested tint he should con» ene ii special meeting of thal bod) foi next week, for the purpose of dealing »nth the tipphcn tiou of the tjoicnunentto ln»e the J-ongeic nong Agi-cultural College llesme handed oict to the Agricultural department Hie Coi eminent nish to obtim possession of that urei for the pin pose of establishing an c_pemiient.il farm, in ordci to assist hi minis of practical lllusti iitions n the grow th of fodder plants, &c;, those who are engaged in the dnirj-mg nidusti- in the northwestern put of Vittoria Au Inierncr piud it »rim useless talking about handing o»er pnit of the land, ns lind bein proposed In the council, its he »ia» sntished, from his » jsit to the place on 'J liuisdu», Hint u ilinded conti ol, mich is would tlieu,iNist, would not »»ork adinntngcoush, to eithei the Go» emmeiit oi the Council It is not likeh, ho»ie\er, that the council will reidili pint with land which is vested in it bj nu act of Parliament ' Indigtiiictiicss on the pirt of witii-sses m the law courts is a const mt cause of uri tatton to thpse concerned in the conduct of business there Yoatoidn», in the Di»one Cmnt, hoiiciei, this w mt of clear- ness in the endence of one witness afforded the onli bit of iimuscment m otherwise dull proceedings ' How mini children ha» e > on* ' asked counsel " Light hundred and In enU one " »vns the upl) heotd, w Inch astonished and amused the occupants of the unlit, including the presiding judge, "Mr Justice Holroyd, who queued sharpl», ' \\\ hat's that ' lins time the witness was more distinct, "and the big family statement »las translated into "eight children, under 21 j eats of nge" A pnit) of men aro now engaged effect ing îepnirs to the Port Melbourne Railway Pier A large numbul of jules me being replaced, the old ones timing been com pletcl) eiten through, togcthet with niani of the cioss bcanm which strip the jules together 'Hie Jlnrboui liust, it seems, has not been nblu to obtain mi) (imhei tliat »vill »»lthstnml foi an» length of time the onslaught of the insidious worm which gathers m in»linds on the piles between wind mid wntei, and cats them chiough m nn nitredihli «holt time 'Hie experiment of scraping olt the shell fish it legiilai in tennis »vus not suicessful, foi no noona were the) displaced thin the) scrambled hack nguiu Hie Yihitcuoil ers' Bond, who weie to hine h\ed innes foi one branch of the clothing ti ide lindel the amended 1 le tones \ct, lu\e abandoned the task in despau Aftet »iiistlmg foi months »nth the pioblem set them, the boiud dctct mined )csteidni that the »lens and in terests submitted to them »icie so man» and so loiilhctiiig that am cnancc of ni in nig nt i wai kilbie settltment n is hopeless Hie numbers lime, therefore, decided to report to that effect, to the Chief Secretan, | and immediate!) upon the ícpoit being presented the) »nil foi »»mil then resigna tions its mcmbeis, nuil lene to some othei tiihtiuul the t isk of picking out the stitthes und nuking a flesh stint A meeting of the Clothing Boiud win to he held on .Monda», hut fining to some of the members being uti ible to attend, mil to the chun man, the lit» \ 11 1 dgu, hi» nig to leine foi b) due» m n fen di\s, the meeting hu« been postponed foi a tuitnight or three »ic.Ks It has been decided li» the Chief Secietan that the folloivmg should constitute the baud which is to be appointed nc\t week to consult-! the w oi king ot the log, ii list of »»ages m the fin millie unking tnde -Mnnufiictuicis repiistiitntiiis, ». I)t \\\ \ Husst 1) 1 illsli iw jim M I mil grui mil (t I ftiluist ni impious I Holdsworth, M I t (Kulwin, J .1 Mini son, 1' Ko(,cis, mil \ Doblón lim railivi» MU iii-i nu lils toi Omen s lîiithdai »»eck alt announced llolidii cMUiMiii lines will lie Issue I to md lunn ¡II st liions I tom Ma» _1 to Mu» >l indu sue, inulible foi icluiii up ti Mi» II On Queen s I irthdai subuihin ti iflu linns will be i-onsidti dil) nlteiiil, niioulin" ii the lunn es posted it the »mous Millions On the llnchtonl ssindim lines Hu oidi mu» tune l lilli will lie suspendí I nul ti uns mil lie um du nul nanni, ¡it qti il ici boni Ulla» ils Ou Un leiutue Ciiill» hue n spin il linn will hi inn li i» ing l'unie s liitd"c al 'I IS i m nul u turning f min Ippu 1 antue dull» at ï li jim lu the (.(nuls studs m nul mound Milboiuui tin din will be obsuicil as i hohdai \n ¡îMiimcnt Ins linn ai in ed al he twcui the Postín isttis (uncí il ni \ u toi ii and I iji foi a dueet exchange of nionii ouliis between Hie tivo i multi K-, I In iglcciucnt «ill tike elicit In i Iel» tlniji Ml Ki»», the tilcu iph o| enlim ni llu Quiiiantmi Mitiiu, li is ilcnlopid diph than anti lim bien i-,ílitul lunn Hu ii t of the comiiimut» c iilitud tit tin -.uti n If is not 1 no«n wluie Mi Ki» s lunti iilnl the allectioii lint it is lu lu\u! tim Im tins mid nii-liU nt uni.«.« ml. ultim! inn it the linlhitlt ol Ins fitlia who was din -Cíou h ill, uiicleied lum su teptible to lillies mil piobibh to ltiilmtetl to bl- own pio ti ition A. -ulsiitiitt duli \ ic tin Keel I is been -.int doini hi the Po-t ii ilcputmeiit to ltheie linn V mimbil ni the pi-seii_cts ot the Iî Ai s On/ib i eltt until ni nun intuit sime the tit o en of Hie MU ill pox cises on lionel the it-el Al ill he leleisod to dal Nine others, will be compelled to remain foi some chis longei The ti o patients, molhei uni -on, ue progiessing _. our ibh Hie trustees of the Public Libra»} hive recen ed i letter from Hie «ecietar} of the london Lxhibition of Australian Ut stat ing tint up to the 7th of -.pill 2S pictures Ind been sold Ino onli of the works sold mein \ ictoiinn-irlist-^ Jheseuie' Suiiuse," bv 1 St G luekei, and 'Bullock lé-un KcM-ng bv J li shclttmn Io monow mil ho th" nmnveisarv of the (leith of Hie lute Su William Clurkc nnd to comnienionitc the occasion u mini bei ot members of the Al isonic lodges hive decided to meet nt the gruie and plnee on it n ur-ith Wreaths have also been sent down bj the Mount Alexandei lodge, Castlemaine mid the »sotithtiii Cioss Lodge, Mildou It was announced in last night'» Go v ci liment Curette Hi it ciuring the ihsence from Victonn of Baron ¡Steinbeig, the con sill for llus-ii Hie business of the oihee vv ill be trmsacted bv Al ] eon Dejnrdm, consul geneial for Praute 'the Ga/ette ' also tontjiiiiR n leniinder to thoBe who are not on Hie Pail ainent in tolls that Hi« must olitmi then elector, lights h} the 1st prox if thev wish to lilie then iiames placed on the stipplenumtiit loll dominations of ciiiduliites foi the lcpre sentition of the western simes group on -i ""?"''lof I'uhhe Ile illh, in the plací of the lato Ah W Anderson, must «.ich the -dunster of Health bj Hie Uth prox Hie elective membeis of the Council of AgiicuUunl J-dutntion retire this niontli then term li iv mg expiied bv etlliixion of tnne Aoniiiiittionslnvetobesent in foi the mslricts nmied on Hie dites mentioned - -soi Hi west, ut ¡st -iilinid, south west it .Aiarat, on the 24th m-t , south nt ilTel Donnie, 2Jtli, und noitli, at Bendigo, mid 0,1 n.",' ,lc' °" t,,e 2ct'' I hc election will take place on the Sth pio\ -enders Invc beeti accepted hi the Bul way department is follows -liemonl of gitoliousr- horn Alcmvin ind leei-ctlion tit -oineilon, V Peppei, Í40/1V Hernani of g-deliç-iise it 11 lvmi. Creek anil le-eiection »t 1 lotmilieltl, I C lliichini m, LTO/15'1 bul mil ot -(KI ton, tireiiood it Pehuei 1 Iones, )/ pu ton -»upnh 1,000 lons hie wood it .bendigo, II C Ilivis, 5 3V pel lo i * Hie11 Chinese who irnietl cn Iltur-, 1 IA from lions Kong hi the s s Alcmmm line nil succeeded in .etting stifcli throueh the liarneis eictted niions the pent h. th- Cits toms nntlioritie, 1 oin of the nimmel were Jieiniitteil lo tntei on the teeni ige of the» vessel mid the other ten picsentcd pnuei« of nntuiih-inlion, »nth even the most thorn "li tsniiiiii ition filled to «hou m ativ wnv irrtgulnt Owing to tlieie not being in cerhuitv as to whetlici Ali (.illus, Al L \ , will be niilfi(ieml,i recove i ed to attend the smoke night which i is to hine been tendered to nun hall, A] dv ern, i postponement his been de- cided imon to i dite to be h-ied On the 28th of April mi nclion in, tried ntl! moiton belorc Vii Instile lloitees nil ijtni of si\, m ninth Aliitln Cro-s is id nuiiistntm, siitd the 1! ulnas Coiiunis sionci lo rteoiei -Ll.OOO dnuigts for the death of hu SIM Horold \V illinm Oro,-, winch was c insed bv his being tun over bv i train ulule drums on the Kith March 18_< ov ei ii level ciussing on the Bnn\liohn line Hie jurv at the trial found a vcidiet in fivoui ot the plimtiff for tl-O A ester di} judgment was entered bv Ah lustieo Hodges loi the plaintiff for±,130 with cost«, und nistend of o st iv ot proceechnga (he pliintu.5 solicito! midertools to repav the nioiiev if the judgment should be up»tt on appeal to the 1 nil Court Jil Pigott (t i stiucted hi Ah I Holt, for Mi L liol wit/ II inulton) pppeircn fon the pli oti f uni .iii Cussen (instructed bl the Crown soheitoi) appeired foi Hit cleftndnnt \- lie nnnagei of the I elegriph dep n t ment leports tluil since the 4th Hist telegram« to nnd ttom 1 isman!i lune been subject to dell) oiling to the detective working of the cible between 1 Indus (\ictoni) and Georgctoivn (lVinunn) lin» st ite of iiffiui will prohibiv toutiiiii. till the calle is lepaircd Uiicoiuhticn d certiticites nf disilinige from their debts were glinted bv .Itidfc Alolcivorth in the lnsolicncv Cotut jistti' dav to Willi mi Cceorgc 1 orbes, of Malvern taillier metelmit on Hie motion of Air I Al Ki in, ltobcrt Peru, of Collingwood, li bom ti on the motion of Mr I Al Kein Au iinphcition wan mule to the court for an order to lompci John AV lute issignee i« the e-tute of lohn limes Helm, ot Mien ptrton, buteliei and »lock denle!, to foi til with piv to the tiusteethe su n ol 1.1/1V_ balincu of proceeds from the lcihsution of the es1 ite \i nrdei iras m de for the p iv ment ov UU/11/, with costs, to the trusted ol his soheitoi Mi Hrih i u np peile I foi the ttustei, and Mi t uncían fin the issignte In the estate' of William Jurnet, of Kensington, lnilwnv emploie, un older lins mule In coilsi.it tint the m solvent should set isule niiiiuillv the sum of CO fioin his silm, foe pi.ment m niontlilv instilments to the i iignte» for the benefit of the ci editors Ah Brill mi appealed foi the assignee m supnoil of the appin mon Hie Stipetioi Genenl of the Si-tci, of Chin itj h is n nile the follow mg ippoitit mints in iccinection with M Aincenta Hospital Di David I.nut honor ii v liliAMCitui to in patients, Bl John Henri Al Gee and Ah 11 ink \ Newman, bono mi pin simms to out patients At the foitiughtlv meeting of the Port Mellum!ne ht inch of Hie Australiern -.atiiis Association, held last lin-div eitiiity, it ivis decided bv i unanimous vote to place on the michell list of the ¡is sociution Hie minto of Ahss Hi/ibeth 0 linn, M ll.BS 'lins is thehr,t oci ision on which ii luh doctoi has been appouiteil n< n medic d olhcei to i loi il brunell of the Austiihau -situes Association '1 lie ( ongrcgitioinl Tjiuon will hold meet mgs next week in coinnieinorition of Hie sixteenth iinntverMO of the I miling ol Hie Bei W Wnterhcltl, the liri-t Congreg-i tionil nunistet inA letona Mi AAiiteilield lahded on Mi*. 22, 183S »nil was iitlcomeci bv a little eolniitui) of whom I V lnvvk net AVIS one In connection tilth the ser vices nevt week, the eliminan of the union will dchvci mi nddrcss m the Ixtvv Church ed I'uesdij eieiung, mid theie will he a etimnicnioiation ni-tttiig m the Collins sliect Chureh on 'llmrsihv evening Hie "I lug of Union ' is ii fcilcmtion song, words bl I i: Wulkei, and music In s Al'lJinncv, AIUB Boc, published bv the -iiectntot Publishing Couipitiv, POM olia e liLict Hie wolds nie ¡iiitintic the muse eV-v ind In el) and well uti ipted lo tateh on ' " MI-K Tiene llitchei who ii will ne re numbered, lefl hue m lSUt-iltei « con cert civcti in liol bihalf-to slitdv music in tho old eoiinUv, piunoses giving u eouieit in hondón on the -0th ol nest month Mio will be assisliil bv Miss 1 atmv Davie,, Alms Iviuigelme llórente, Ahss vd iUossie), lien Ixrtise», and Ah W h.tcl.oii-e ('cellist) Hie itsults so f u of some deielopmonts m À ictoii m pioduction nitiv be Min tit Alessis ttespm and son s salt rooms, in Oueeu stitct ivheie, in addition to simples of MalTni lelined beet -iign, the Aimons «mile-, of Alilduii i usius dried ap.icots, and clued peiihes me exhibited Ae-ludn hung vin cihn good pi o mess iva, undi in i using the iai_o of Hie .anil in Me min Munn itn Hie nil of the lite Ah f.corge Bobert sou lilt ot I .unes-tied M Kildi, uni louiiilu ol Hit lubhshing lum of l.ecngc Itiiliilsin mil V) is hung piovcil In The liiistu I xtciitnis nul Vgiiuj Coiupinv lanntecl I lit i stitt in \ ii toi in H v ihiitl it HIS 1711 _>/ll inn- LUÍ) lil) ii iltv mid I. Ill _?_« J li ins multi Itsiitoi In Hit Ulis tin whole ut lils t-tile l i III- union mil einleben A sitnuii of Antun his lum pub IHIICII bv Mo-sis 1 mi ii an I 'sun 1 nu ltd c insist ne. if i li nuls inn h li und -u es if ic,n diminua linn i li ile u i| lis ol - nis nul billi liu-s m Hu »linn lui ¡-It HU po-is lilt volume -llolil 1 It veil l tt|il ible Hu, ei el ng mil n nie- Hi iii, I Hu St 1'itti s I ii-lu I in al Hit I isiu i Hill Oiduli t loin ni uni ol tilt ihiinli i sion lion fund It ivis opt mil on I lim-du li 1 mlv Snow de n i"isltil In tile luv L m m Handheld mil tin success lus si f,n mil li pt up the ii cid Hint lim li n mum enteit iiiiini its nu Indu. Mivpile iliutts li tin did bin ul llu Iii t.ht m II,mu und finn nil hu i ilpili Al-s Ihin. I,uni c i ti Imtid i put um nu ot i li tlili i ept tiblt cb ii uiri V pi nut it it It nun iv i Iht iiimhlt c ilhuiui til Hie hi- I Hu I't sntiuiic \A ml A muniHI il v ih-l ilsi helpid veil in iii 11 ilh t ? mil i Hit tvcmiihs | is« iiMiial li \ -lu ii I'1 t,i mime bus bein pitpiiel lol io n kilt Hu iiiiinthlv unoli niijil s in ii oi tin A id min Softools ( bib hcltllistm.nl »ins hugel» attended Ali C V Al Curtin, ipicsideut of the club occupies! the linn, , supported bl the »spe ikel All Alison Al I_ \ Mi /o» M h \ mil Mi t.iorgc Ibu t Hit eieiiin- »Ms pie is uni» tilled HI with niusie. ind song On the 27th Hist the club will hue a spec i! me tin« it winch Ali 1' Alum "sin iii All \,wdl dell» ci an addles., on fe le in Ihepieniici cichiii, chili ot Vir-traln ml one ot the hiding wlieelmg oignn-ations of the woild, his at list sciuted looms which are worth» ot its prestige ind posi tion AA-ith the lull n uno ot ihc Alelbourne lhcicle Club, but better kuonii as the "Al B C," the club li id foi » eirs been housed in ineonieiiieiit mil insufficient room at 2U5 Collins street but lccentli 20 i ears after its foimition, the club mo» id up i flat, and is non loeited in a suite of looms, extensile, comeiuont, and as luxuri ouslv ¡ippointed as could h( de»ired hi the most fastidious wheelman Nothing is »muting to gue the rooms ¡in au of eligaute noi is ni) thing lickiig »iliith could con tnhute to the comfott of the iiiembers The ofhcml opening took pi ice list ni_ht m the piescnce ol lbont 2_U nienibeis mid » isitors A bmquet, entered b\ Mr ¡skinner, pie cedeil i concert mil smoke isocnil, intei sperscd »nth appropriate speeches Alt & \\\ Hillston, president of the club, occupied the thin suppoited hi the Ali)or of Alel bourne (Councillor Al /?achira), Air 1Î V, Best, ML i, Afmisttr of Lands _ Ali S I con, chairman of the League of A'ictoiian M heelmen Di Spi uigthoi pt Air James Ciiigg, and man» othei prominent-c» chsts ?The opening itrrmon» was ptrloimed b» Air Burston in i brief specs li and other ri- lli uhs wcie ofFeied b» Ali Best, Ah Janies Grigs, Hie Ala»or of Alelbourne, Di -filing thoipe, Ah L L Smith, mid Mr R Al Cul ligh Renditions weie gnen b» Ali i\ ill Uldei, a »lolinsolob» Ali \ Co», mid songs bl Ah 1 11 thompson, Ali b Grnipnei Ah C IN II ill. Ah G Iv Heion, Ah C Peebles, mil Ah A\ ill Barker lor the Lace» lamil» »»c line rccciied 12/ from Kelp Yor Hie Ile» Goori,c Tint s npi>enl ive hole re col» rsl i.1 from s i> am| io/ from 1, »I We lm»c nili»eil from Mos>rs 1« Whitehead nu I Co a map of the scat of uir including both Cuba ind the 1 hitippincs, nutt slioiiing the »men can SiKitilsh ami Hrltisli possessiant» It is notiilotl li) a special ailiertisemcnt occupv ing the half of page 11 that a sale of eui its linoleums anti nijttiiurs »»ill In. heltl ut Unllichs furnishing; warehouse*, commencing at 0 a lil Mon tia» and continuing throuiJiout the remainder of the »leek A course of six lectures on in«ol»ene» la»» is to bo delivered linelirtlii auspices of the Legal Centre of the Uliilcrsitl Ixtcicslon Maternent b) Mr I" D Phillips. Tlie leitlircs will take Jibloo in the Wscmbli hall Collins stre t on nil«nutt Wedneeda» iienines ¡»comtiicnclni »In» 2 at S I lu Tit kits lor Hu cours» mo» lie obi llnctl from Messrs. Melnlle Mulltn und bl nie or from the bouorar» secretan Tie last nichts of the Christ Church l-iir at nruies»»iclv arc not» iniiouiit- iil tooti musical pro»,ramines lta»e lieen prtiiltltsl for c-ieli e»iliiilit pirtlculars of which »»ill be found in our ad»or tlsii t. lolimins I fine collection of rocks représentât!» o of the vnrious geological formations eiistimr in \ ictoria has lieen forwarded to the («eoloi-lial Socioti* «» lustrulasla li» the Mines departí-"- »ntl is no»» oil »lo»» at the soeiet» s rooms Sj Cullins sine! V irotxl proiruimnc lus liein arraiitiftl bl Mr M Italilll» for this ci-oniutr at St lohn s M ii lair dillon Hill eoiislstlmr of nils Jigs, bom p!|*es anil clog dancing Die fair up to the pre seul has been attended »»itli (Treat MU cess The sailine; of the Hulimba his beni postponed until 4 o clock on Monda» afternoon The M o d mira »vill nit lene for s»dne» until i o clock Ibis afternoon Tills eionine; Dr O Donnoll »»ill lecture on til Ii no1 ni tales II ¡»»kesbur» Hi»ir nut! lilli Mountain« before the mimi ers of the Mellioiinie Printers Club at S n clock The lecture will be illustrated »lith some lil Unit He-lit »ii us, II ml »»111 be followed lit a sim ki nicht ci iiccrt at «Illili Mr J Hancock M 1.1 »»111 | rosillo Ile ps Ixcolsior »»III lco»o the (.neills M birt at 1 jlf just 2 tbU aflttt ut u f r 1 ort ir1lil|,ton anti (»tel n K Passengers b» this »estol can utuni from P narline;! II bl lilt Countr lo-inurm« the s s Courier will tle|>art from thi Quien s \iliarf at 11 i ni for I'orlurliiiirtoii anti Oocloni, Ilie wiling of Un s s Despitib ft r l'irt Ml ort and ( 1| ii.tjntl l_.kis pott* lies bein iHistponcir until noon on Monda» TO DA Via ARIUNGUAIEXTS TtlK .TBK S AM) LNtrViT'.IXMLX'ls. Princess« .lieatre- Uo»al l)i»orco 8 pin Theatre Itoial - T»vo flttlc \\.ifulionJs " S pal Openi bouse -» arietlcs -S p m Ttmn hall-Popular OWlltcrt 8 pm St (ioorge s Hall -«-Brintol s Performing Vuunals t, pin "loini trance 1 all -Peo) le s Concert, S p ni . Sl/Xl) VA lor Clllireh fein leos see i age 12 