THE GHOST IN ARMOUR. A CHRISTMAS ST; Jit Y.. by billy notts. What may this mean. That thou, dead corse, again in complete HevisitesTthus the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous ? . — snakespbabe. IIow odd a single hobgoblin's nonentity Should cause more fear than a whole host's identity. _ — Byron. The gliost— the ghost again ! Dickens. (continued.) The same evening as we were having a nuiet chat before retiring, Frank gave me further particulars of the ghost of his disreputable ancestor. From these it ap peared that the nocturnal perambulations of the defunct Sir Guy, clad in tun armour like the ghost of Hamlet's father, or the apparition in the no'vel of the Old English Baron, were firmly believed in by the country people around, his favorite time for taking his walks abroad being on Christmas Eve, at which time many belated wayfarers through the grounds declared they had plainly seen lights shining from the openings in the tower, while others went further and were willing to make an " nffidavy" that they had dis tinctly heard dismal groans and the clash of armour. Frank informed me that so fixed was the belief in this supernatural business and so much was the tower held in dread, not only by the peasantry, but bv his own domestics, that he had made the upper floor his strong room, all the valuable gold and silver utensils, as well as what cash he had in hand, being de posited in a massive iron bound oaken chest, to which lie and his butler alone possessed keys. This chest stood on the fjoor in front of the pedestal on which wis placed the suit of armour once worn by Sir Guy, and Frank was quite con fident that the dread of the ghost of his truculent ancestor hovering about would prove an effectual safeguard against any one who might be tempted to abstract the accumulated valuables. _ _ " However," said Frank, in conclusion, " it only wants three days to Christmas, so if yon feel at all inclined. to investigate the mystery, Bill, you. will have a splendid chance." " Rii'ht you are !" said 1 " I don t take much account of spirits unless in a liquid shape. I scarcely ever heard of an old English mansion hut what had its family ghost,. so I don't see why. you should he an exception. In fact, 1 should look upon it as a proof of the antiquity of my genea logical line. Still I confess . F am anxious to have a look at the scene of your amiable ancestor's perambulations." " Oh certainly !" assented Frank "I'll show you over the premises to-morrow 1 morning, as early as you like. Have an other nip. No Well, good night and let's hope Sir Guy will not drop in before his regulation time to disturb your re pose." "Nothing I'd like better," I replied, laughing, "'if he happened to l>ein asocia- ablc mood, lie might favor me with some details of his eventful life, :is well as his reasons for thus making himself a periodi cal nuisance, so that you might put his perturbed spirit to rest at last-." ' Oh ! I'm sure I've no objection to him taking a turn round once a year" laughed Frank. " Besides he's as good as a police man on the premises and as you say his presence is a kind of certificate as to the antiquity of our family." And with that we separated for the night. - Immediately after breakfast next morn ing, as we had arranged, Frank conducted inc through the apartments of the ground floor of the mansion until we reached the western extremity of a long passage, and passing up a broad staircase to the second floor we entered a large hall, perfectly empty and in a rather dilapidated condi tion. Various openings on the right led into chambers of what was evidently the remains of the old castle, while the un- glazed windows on the left looked put upon the park. Even in broad daylight the place had a ghostly and depressing effect, and I could well understand that none of the household would care to enter it after nightfall. Passing on through an archway at the further end we entered a square chamber in the tower, lighted by one ntrro.v arrow-slit. Here were a number of antique oaken chests, "which, Frank informed me, contained the .ac cumulated parchments of past centuries, in fact it was the family muniment room. " And," said Frank, "as you are fond of poking into the musty records of the past. Bill, you can come and amuse yourself here for an hour or two whenever you feel inclined." I accepted his offer with thanks and we mounted a steep winding stair to the topmost story. 1 Ins seemed to have been used as a lumber room, lirokeu furniture and remnants of half decayed tapestry being piled in the cor ners, but my attention was particularly attracted to the plate chest, of which Frank had told me, and the suit of armour above it. This was a complete suit of plate armour, from the helmet with its nodding crest of plumes to the steel shoes. Frank explained that it was suspended on a light iron frame, but as I looked at the panoply I could almost imagine I saw the fierce eyes gleaming through the bars of the visor, and that the right gauntlet, which grasped a for midable looking mace, was ready to be uplifted to crush any daring intruder who should attempt to carry off ihe treasures beneath. "There you are," said Frank, "they talk about the degeneracy of the men of the present day, hut if. Sir Guy was a specimen of his own age, the knights of old were not such giants as we have been led to believe. Why, even I could not get into that steel suit, though, I believe, it would just about suit you if you like to try it." "Well, not just now, thanks," I replied, " I have no ambition to' perform the part of a hug in armour,' though it might come in handy in a scrimmage. But. what's in the box I" For answer Frank inserted a key, aud, lifting the lid, showed me a quantity of silver plate and gold "cups, the heirlooms of his family, besides a canvass bag' of comfortable proportions, which chinked merrily as he lifted it. "Not a bad little pile at all," I re marked, "I don't know but what -I'd as soon have it as one of the 'jeweller's shops' in Prince Regent Gully." " I dare say," returned Frank, " but it wouldn't bo so easy to pan out with our friend, Sir Guy, here standing guard over iL There's no fear but he'll scare off any one that tries to shake it." " It's to be hoped so," said I, doubt- "»"j> out it x were tlie owner ot tnat little lot, I wouldn't trust too much to that noble cut-throat's power to protect ' You will be good enough, sir, not to scandalise my valiant ancestor. Nil nisi nortnis bomcin, you know. But, come, we ve been long euough in this old rookery, come along and we'll have a stroll around my diggings. Mind the stairs, they're I rather awkward for any one in a hurry." I I took one more look at the grim suit of mail, standing on its pedastal, so stern and watchful as it seemed over the Heather- dale treasures, and then carefully descen- I 0e0 ?ftor my companion without a pre- I monition of the startling part it was soon I to play in conjunction with myself. I During the next day or two Frank's I guests began to arrive, and the old man- I sion seemed almost to revive with the I gaiety that filled the place. There were I a number of young swells ' and charming I women of various ages, and the merry I i"' u 10 younger ones resounding I Kn j corridors was a pleasant I i fU - 4)0 0110 wh lmd led a wandering I ri, ln Me bush of Australia for so long." I . 'e young fellows were at first inclined „? i, down upon me as an interloper, I m i more hvely spirits tried to chaff e, but they soon found that to use a I i, - ?0y Phrase, that " I tumbled to their iJwrukin and when at Frank's sugges- tion I pitched some astonishing yarns about desperate encounters with black- 1 tollows and bushrangers, all of which Drank confirmed with a steady counten ance in public, and treated with uproari ous laughter in private, I had the ladies m raptures of terror and admiration, and when I produced a handful of nuggets as a small sample of my gains, my victory was complete, aud I became the hero of the hour, and the young chaps became quite friendly. However, I did not trouble them much with my company I found sufficient amusement in exploring the remains of the old castle, and in examining the ancient manuscripts in the muniment room of the tower. While thus ruraaging among the records of past centuries I sometimes encountered the butler, a most correct and respect able domestic to all appearances, polite in the extreme, who invari ably addressed me with the utmost deference as an honored guest of his master, and yet there was something in his sleek subserviency which ( did not like. I was at first rather suspicious of his visits to the treasure room above until I reflected that he was entrusted, as a matter of course, with the care of the plate chest, he in fact being the only one who possessed a duplicate key till there was something stealthy and catlike about his movements which I did not like and I resolved to "keep my weather eye lifted" and watch his actions. Frank only laughed when I ventured to mention my suspicions, and declared he had got the man from London with the most un exceptionable references and recommen dations, so of course I could hardly venture to interfere. But I still felt un easy, and this mistrust was deepened when, roving through the neighbouring wood one afternoon, I heard voices not far off, and stopping to listen, found it was the irreproachable Mr. Jackson, the butler, in deep confabulation with some one. I managed with some caution to approach closer, until to my utter surprise 1 saw that the other party was no other than my former acquaintance the poacher. I did not dare approach very near, so could only hear parts of their conversa tion, but enough to convince me some thing queer was going on. " Now, are you sure you understand ?" said Mr. Jackson. " You're to have the cart in the lane at the time I mentioned, and we'll look after the rest." " That's all serene, guvnor," replied my poaching friend ; "I knows the lay. The London cove you told me of is down at the inn and ready to do the job when ever you give him the office. He's a one- er he is. Spins some grand yarns, drinks like a fish, and can't he use his mawleys too. It's a treat to see him, that's what it is." "There, that'll do," said Mr. Jackson shortly, " tell him it won't do for me to be seen with him just now, but I'll let him know when to get ready. Now be off, ancl mind what I've told you." With that this precious couple separated and I judiciously waited till they were out of hearing before I started to return, cogitating deeply on what I had heard. hat little game was it they were after ? The mention of the cart led me to think it might simply be the disposal of some hares and pheasants in the profits of which Mr. Jackson was an interested party, and that the party at the inn was the business agent, the poacher being simply an. inter mediary after providing the supplies. Or was it possible they had some more profit able game on foot, and were on burglari ous thoughts intent? If I consulted Frank' he would probably only ridicule my suspicions as he had done before, and anyway I was loath to trouble him just as he was in the fuli exercise of hospitality and Christmas so near upon us. I there fore concluded to keep my knowledge to myself, and watch my highly interesting friend, the butler, still closer. However, nothing more occurred to confirm my sus picions and the day before Christmas found me still uncertain as to what steps to take. ' But this was decided for me bo- fore many hours. . (To be continued.) 