THE VOYAG E OF THE "PUbO WAY." By Carltok Dawe, Published by special arrangement with M tstrs Ward Lock % Co., Ltd. ALL BJOKTS RESERVED. CHAPTER VII. tiracy on the high seas. I will not pretend that I slept well that night. Indeed, for quite two hours after turning in I scarcely attempted to close my eyes, and when I did I saw things which made me hastily open them again. A dozen times I thought I heard some one twisting the handle of my door, and quite as often my imagination enabled me to see th© swarthy, swollen face of Copp flattened against the port. In fact, so many alarms did 1 pass through, that when I awoke and saw the sun sniniog 1 was surprised to find myself alive. Breakfast, of which I partook but sparingly, was spread for me ai usual. But I had little inclination to eat. 1 was more anxious to get np on deck and have a look round. There was no one about the after-part of the vessel, so, lighting my pipe, 1 leant against the rail and watched the land, which did not seem to be more than two or three miles off. Indeed, I wondered much at our position, for according to the current we shoold long Bince have been out of sight. 1 thought of the Portugoe and his engines ; also of my dreams. But presently there was great commo tion forward. The captain and the mate sprang to the starboard corner ol the bridge, their glasaea to their eyes. A moment or two of expectancy followed, and then I heard the mate cry out at the 1 top of his great, gruff voice — Forward there ! All hands forward I5> Then the bo'eun blew his whistle, there was a rushing too and fro, and half-a- dozen men sprang upon the foVa'e. Gupp followed, Bwcaring and giving directions, and I saw the men cover the gun with a great square of canvas, the eud& of which were fastened carefully to the deck. Then, inuch to my surprise, I heard the clank of the engines, and for About half a minute wo forged steadily ahead. Then there was silence again, as the ship gradually slowed down and stopped. Needless to say I understood my dreams at last. During this little manoeuvre the captain had hardly lowered his glasses, and though at first I could make oat nothing, gradually a little dark cloud began to form upon the eastern horizon. At first it waa so thin sud indistinct that 1 Bhould not have noticed it if leFt to myself ; but as 1 watched it perceptibly assumed a deeper shade and stretched further across the heavens. Like a long wisp of cloud it seemed, a thing that had no business in the perfectly clear sky, and as I watched 1 knew what it meant. It waa a cloud, truly, but a cloud of smoke cast up by soine steamer which was not yet in sight. The men all crowded to the starboard aide and turned anxiously to the far horizon , even the Portugee Luiz crawled up from his reeking engine-room, and hung his ugly, dirty face over the side. I darted below for my glasses, and while there I elipped a email box of cartridges into my pocket. When I reached the deck again the topmasts of the steamer were distinctly visibl I filled my pipe and tried patiently to await the development of events ; but though I may.have preserved an outward appeiranco of calm, inwardly 1 was thiobbiug with excitement. Each minute that poflBed seemed multiplied by ten, and when at length the hull of the advancing vessel began to loom up, and I saw that she was coning towards us, I felt as though the fate of the whole world waa hanging on the issue. Presently Hayling came aft, a bundle of flags under his arm, and &a; he began to knot them to the signalling halliards I crossed over to him. The big fellow louked exceedingly solemn ; I felt so. As he nodded to ma there waa never the ghost of a smile on his hard face. 44 What are you going to do, HsyUug 3 " 1 4 Signal to that vessel that we are badly in need of help." 1 advanced still closer to him. 14 What doss this nean, old fellow ? " Can't you guess ? " said he, still busy with the flags. 44 1 dare net." He laughed between his teeth. 41 My dear Ravensford, we're going to stop that ship, and sink her, too, if ahe givea any trouble." 44 Piracy 1" 44 Thats about it." Again he Laughed, and 1 thought his fa ya looked fiendish. 44 What ship ia it 3 " I asked. 44 1 haven't the faintest notion, but I think you will find that Bhe is bound from Sydney to Hong Kong." 44 The Chung-Tong left Sydney on the 25th of last month with fifty thousand pounds in gold on hoard." 44 IIow do ycu know 1 " Baid he sharply. In as few words as possible 1 told him how 1 had become possessed of the in formation. 4 4 Then depend upon it, Itavenaford, that vessel is the Chung-Tong." By this time ho had arranged the flags correctly, and juBt aa ho was hoisting them the captain, Murrcll, aud half a- dozen men came aft in a body. Hayling did not look at mo, but under his breath I heard him mutter, 44 Be careful. They ara ripa for anything." I slipped my hands into my coat pockets and assumed my best air of indifference. In ono of the pockets waa a revolver, and my finger instantly curled round the trigger. The men stood back by the bulwarks, where they formed an evil-looking group of cut-throats ; Macshiel and the mate advanced. Looking up at the flags, then at the far-off ship, which every minute loomed up clearer, the skipper aaid, 44 You see that ship ? " 44 Yes," I replied. 41 Can you guess hor name ? " 44 The Chung-Toog," aaid I, somewhat defiantly. 44 Good !" and his devilish little face seemed to wrinkle with pleasure. 44 Per- bapB you <aa also guess where she comes from ? " ' 4 Sydney.1' 44 And what she carries ? " 44 Fifty thousand pounds in gold." \- 44 Where 'a aho bound for 1 " I 44 Hong Kong." 44 No!" 44 Where then ? " 44 The next world 1 " I started, taken clean off my guard. The duq'b face suddenly grew wrinkled and hideous, like a monkey's, and he seemed passionately to Bpit the words out. 4f I hope not," eaicl I. - i? 4 Well," he replied, ' it'i \ pity, of course ; but before she goes e are going to ask be to leave her gold Dehind. It will be no use in the port she's bound for, " Melt," grinned the 44 None whatever," said i, replying to tho captain, l I think yours is a perfectly reasonable request/' 44 1 hope no/' aaid he, with a naaty laugh. 44 Ara you with rist,J JFirnt let me know your project," said I, hoping in a vague sort of way that the time gained might prove beneficial. 44 We intend to get hold of that fifty thouBand. It ought to set ub up for life." 44 How many of you 2 " His brows went together, and he scowled frightfully, I had Bpoken. rather loudly. 44 There iB enough for all/ said he, in & low, meaning voice. 44 But suppose her captain refuses to part?" 14 We shall make him." 44 How?" 44 We have a gun forward, and our third mate, Mr Gupp, was once a gunner in the Royal Navy," 44 Then you will sink her unless she surreuders ? " 44 Precisely/' 41 It's a desperate enterprise, Captain Macshiel." He grinned hideously, whtie the mate and tho men began to show signs of im patience. Evidently they thoaghteuoagli had been aaid. It was time to act. The captain, advancing a step nearer, peered into my face. | 44 Will you join us ?" 44 But this is piracy." 44 Never mind what it is," said he. 14 Wilt you join us ? " 44 No, I will not." 44 Then you understand that we have no room for traitors aboard ? '' The faces of those before me grow black and threatening, and X really believed a rush was imminent. I covered Macshiel with my concealed pistol, and 1 felt sure that L could put a bullet some where through his body. He saw the movement, and, gueaBing what it meant, stepped back, a livid twitch of terror shooting down his cadavcrouB jaws. And, truly, at that moment he waa bound for the same port as tho Chung-Tong. An angry look swept into his eyes, and he said, with a horrid grin — 44 What have you got your hands in your pockets for 1 '' 4 To keep them warm." <f Then up with them. I'm the master here." 44 Captain Macshiel," I said, 44 I have no quarrel with you — i have no wish to quarrel with you. 1 candidly admit that 1 am not a fighting-man, nor lias fighting ever come my way before; but I'll do my best to injure the mau who tries to injure me." It was a bit of bounce, and yet not altogether bounce. I knew the men were desperate, aud they would not hesitate to sacrifice me if 1 endeavoured to thwart theoi. The alternative was therefore gi\Ten me — and yet what au alternative ! To join them, even against my will, would he io make me equally guilty in tho eyes of the law. Not to join theni meant that there was no room for mc aboard the Fulo Way. Thereforo the bounce was not all bounce ; there was a deadly seriousness underlying it as befitted such au occasion, which I. think JVLacshiel was quick to see. Or perhaps the knowledge that between him aud a bullet there was only the lining of my coat may have quickened hia perception. 44 Nobody wants to injure you," said he, with a conciliatory grin. 44 What the deuce do you take us for? Though driven desperate wc are nut wholly without, reason. We have cried for justice, but justice ia deaf aa well as blind. I don't w-aut to prate or preach ; hut I can tell you that we are just sick of things, and that new we mean to live — to live, if it's only for a month !" So this wab a new phase of Captain Macsliiel'a character. But his sophistries fell on unsympathetic ears. 44 To live for a month is good. And after ?" He laughed harshly. 44 To live still; for we intend to render detection im possible. It's as good as five thousand pounds in your pocket. What do you say 44 1 have said." 44 Very well and this time he smiled very wickedly 44 We'll make you one of ub in spite of you. N ow, lada," cried he, turning to the men, 44 to quarters. In haif-an-bour wo shall all bo rich men." fie wavid his hand and drove them for ward, while 1 slunk away aft, a prey to the most distressing emotions. The ship — a lng» low, one-funnel boat with a projecting bow— came sweeping up grandly out of the ocoan. For some time now she had seen us, and when she was near enough to read our Bignal her helm was put over aod alio bore straight down upon uh. Poor beggars! Eager to help, how they would have shunned ub had they only known ! On she came, straight for us, like an animal ready to spring over the white hedge of foam which tor ever Beenied to black her way. The red ensign went np, and presently she signalled, 44 Can i ba of any assistance ?" The mate here came rushing aft, and ran up the pennant 44 Yea " There followed an immediate bustle aboard the liner, and I saw some men spring to the davits on the port side and begin to clear tho foils. Then the wash before ber bows subsided, and 1 knew that the engines had stopped. Through my glasses 1 could see distinctly the officers on the bridge and several persons leaning over the raiL aft. As soon as she waa near enough for me to distinguish her name, which waa written in big brass letters upon hor bows, I read the words Chung-Tong. I admit the singularity of it all deeply impressed me, and I knew not at which I wondered most, man8 ingenuity or his perfidy. The electric wire bad told the people in China that tho Chung Tong had left Sydney with fifty thousand pounds on board. The next day the newspapers had printed it ; a man had read the paragraph ; it awoke an idea, and the idea bad been duly executed. And now here waa this ver3' veaael coming up out of tho sea to her destruction. She stopped less than a quarter of a mile off, aud the people on her deck were plainly visible to the naked eye. With glasses I could evCQ distinguish the uni form of the officers, while to my dismay I saw some women among the people aft. But now the boat of which I have spoken wob lowered from the liner ; four or five men slipped down the falls, and presently the little craft shot out from the big one and came towards ub. In the stern sat an officer ; in the bows knelt a m»n with a boathook, while four more rowed, Tho sea being Bmooth, the little boat skipped gallantly across the water, and presently she was brought to a few yards away from us, and just opposite the bridge upon which tho captain stood. 44 What ship is this 7' I heard the young officer ask, who vainly scrutinised our bows for the name, which bad been painted out some throe or four days previously. 44 The Golden Guinea," shouted Mac shiel, 4 4 from Shanghai to the Torres Straits. What are you The Chung-Toug —Sydney to Hong Kong. What can we do for yon ?" 44 I'll tell you/' aud the old man, lean ing out far over the raiL Wo intend to do a little trading among the islands, but being a bit short of cash, we thoughron wouldn't object to lending os a little.' 44 Eh?" aaid the yoang fellow, looking exceedingly astonished. 14 X believe you have something like fifty thousand pounds on board. You most hand it rover." " The look of stupefaction on the yopng felloiria face waa almost In dicrona. This wab evidently the laat request he had ex pected. 44 Why, confound you,'' he said, 44 you must bo mad !" 44 So mad," said Macshiel, grimly, 44 that if you don't hand it over 1 11 sink yon." 44 Very well," was the reply; 44 I'll report." 44 I'll give your captain five minutes to decide Lorn the time you reach Hie deck. If the pennant 4 Yea ' doesn't go up, then I'll open fire. And no hauky-panky, mind. This is going to bo a big job." Without more ado the young fellow pat about and made straight for his ship, while Gupp uucovered the cannon forward and took his place beside it. For the first time I felt the excitement of battle in my blood. It would be an ignoble battle, no doubt ; but 1 fancied there would be some desperate work done. I saw the young officer Bwarin up the side of tho liner and immediately make his way forward to the bridge, where the captain still stood. Then 1 turned to Macshiel, who, after looking at his watch, weut and rang the engineer to stand by. Things were hurrying to a clim&x.; I knew tho men of the Pulo Way were des- 3erate and resolved ; 1 knew they would lavo the gold or such, revenge as it was posBible for thetn to take. Tho question was, could the Oliung-Tong resist us with any hope of success ? her bridge, and presently the captain be gan to gesticulate wildly. Then I bsw liim point to the enginB-raom telegraph, and a faw seconds atter the water began to bubble round her stern. Captain Macshiel immediately flew to our tele graph, and then came the low throb, throb of our engines. 44 Wing hioi, Gupp!" I heard the skipper shout. 44 The beggar's going to try to give us the slip." It so happened that at that moment an awkward angle prevented Mr Gupp from getting the gun into play, and when at length he did tho Chung-Tong was stern on and steaming like mad. I knew by report that she was a good two or three knots faster than we were, and if she could only keep us off for something like half an hour she might defy the Pulo Way. But the gunner lost no time. Settling about lii3 business in the most approved manner, the boom of the gun told me that the fight had begun. Tho shot however flow high of the mark and splashed into sea some distance ahead. Gupp laughed uproariously aB he loaded again, and 1 could see the very devil of mischief frolicking over his big face. There was but a short interval between the first and the second ahot. A puff of smoke, a sharp crack forward as of the atmosphere suddenly exploding, and then all eyes flew to the liner. Almost at the same moineut the rail about her port quarter was seen flying about in all direc tions. The captain kicked up his heels with delight and yelled out, 44 Bravo, Gupp I Give it to him again !" Gupp, who 1 no longer doubted had learnt ilia gunnery at the expense of the natiou, waved his hand aB he Bent forth a big laugh. Absorbed in his work, I don't believe he gave a moment's reflection to the horror of his act. lie was au enthu siast with only one thought —to make the beat play possible with Ins guii. The third shot, from the gunner's point of view, was even better than the second. It struck the high skylight of the poop, and, oxploding with a horrid noise, sent the splinters tiring in all directions. The lourth iniaaed ; but trie fifth shattered a boat tnat swung on the port davits, aud destroyed the uiizzon shrouds. This last shot must have proved con clusively to tho captain of the liner that in the gunner of the Pulo Way ho liad a 'langoroua man to dea1 with, so without more ado he hoisted the signal of Bur- rentier and stopped liis engines. Wo passed very close to him — so close that Captain Macshiel leant over the rail of the bridge and bellowed, 44 Get the atuff ready. I'll send a boat alongside in a minute." We came to about three hundred yards away, always manoeuvring so as to keep our bow on. Then aunro oF the men rushed aft so aa to lower the starboard boat, which, piece of work Hayling super intended. I tried to catch his eye, for very obvious reasons, but never once did he turn my way. It seemed as though ho purposely wished to avoid me. Presently the mate caine along, and as his eyes caught mine I saw that his face waB all aglow with a quiet, devilish sort of delight. 44 Now, then, bustle along, you there ! " he cried. 44 Get ready to go in tho boat, and make yourself naefuL" 44 You aoom to forget that I am a pas senger. " 44 We have no poaaengors aboard th© Palo Way/' he answered significantly. 44 You are cither for us or against ue —which is it ? ' 44 1 prefer to remain neutral/' "There can be no neutrality," he blustered. 44 Into that boat you go, or — " 44 Or what He grinned conaumedly. It was a joke in ten thousand. 44 Don't you be so bally obatinate," be said. 44 For Bora© reason beBt known to himself, the old man seemB bent upon making a pet of yon. But we mean business this time, and you may take my word for it the old man is not the most p&tient; bouI afloat." It was a close corner, and one out of which 1 failed to see my wav. I looked at the liner yonder, the men about me — the one was as helpless as I, the other ready for anything. Just then I caught a look in Hayling 's eye which somewhat ' re&Bsurod; me. 44 Very well,'1 I said, 44 1 will go, but under protest." " Oh, that's all right," he replied, with a disagreeable laugh. 44 I'll duly enter it in the log." By this time the boat was lowered and swinging clear of the ship, and at a sign from the mate, I sprang upon the rail, seized one of the ropes, and slid down into her. Hayling made room fur me beside him in the stern. Half-a-dozen men scrambled down, and we poshed off. Before us lay the liner, & great black mass of iron, her side crowded with an eager throng. Hayling kept a stiff upper lip, and stared coldly ahead of him ; but it seemed to me as though each eye looked unutterable scorn, while each tongue framed the horrid word 44 Thief! thief !,J CHAPTER VIII. tu E LAST OF the LINEU Hayling and I aat together in the stern, be grimly mute, 1 bursting with surmise. His right hand grasped the tiller, and he fixed his keen eyes steadily ahead. The man who rowed stroke, our bo'sun, or Number One, a big, gaunt specimen of the northern Chinaman, grinned mean ingly at me from time to time. An impertinent grin it was, and one that I might ha&e; resented in another place. But, guessing the fellow's thoughts, and why he had been sent with us, 1 kept my temper. As I turned to look at our ship, I whispered to Hayling — 44 You are not one of them Y' " In the way that you are," lis replied, without looking. 44 Oan1t we board this vessel?" He shook Ins head, " Impossible, She . would be sunk in ten minutes." I felt that this was true, and thought some unkind things of Mr Gupp. Our bo'aun grinned uupleaaantly, aa thongh he unlerstood. I was not then aware of the concealod weapons on the men, nor did 1 imagine that at our firat attempt to fly those weapons would have been used against us. About a dozen yards from the Chung- Tong Hayling colled to the men to atop, and then, Btanding up in the boat, he saluted the captain, a middle-aged, brown- bearded man, with a fat, choleric face. "You have fifty thousand pounds on board ?" ho cried brusquely. 44 Well Y' answered the captain, whose rage was so great that he could scarcely control himself. 44 1 am very sorry, sir," aaid Hayling, 44 but my orders are imperative. Ycu must hand it over/1 44 And if I refuse ?" 44 We shall probably send you to the bottom." The man's face grew absolutely purple and he clutched the rail convulsively. A very torrent of pasBion raged within hirn. 44 And if I hand you over tho money ?" 44 You will be at liberty to procaed on your voyage." Ho turned to the little group which surrounded him, though he especially addressed his remarks to a distinguished looking, grey- headed man who seemed to be a passenger of consequence. For a few moments aeveral excited voices were heard, and then the captain turned to us. " 1 accept your termB," he bellowed ; 41 but if it wasn't for tny passengers I'd see you hanged first !" Hayling saluted, replying coldly, 41 When you'vogot the boxes up I'll come alongside to receive them." Much bustling and excitement followed particularly among the pasHcngora aft. There were several of these, amone whom 1 noticed a woman, a )Oung girl of about twenty, whose fatr hair ahono brillDutly in the sunlight, and whose face, notwithstanding its eager, terrified expression, was one of singular sweet ness. The aforementioned distin guished-looking old gentleman came att and spoke to her, and tried to lead her below ; bat she shook her head without turning, fixing us with such a look of horror that 1 could have jumped over board for Bhatne. 44 Confound that girl I" muttered Hay ling. 44 Why doesn't she go below ?" I couldn't say, but I sympathised with our worthy second mate. Presently a man came to the side and waved for u& to approach, and iu him I recognised the young officer who hAd come off to the Pulo Way. As wo drew near almost under where the young girl stood, and though I knew what I might expect, 1 could not help looking. Neither could Ilayliug. Yet one quick glance was quite enough. 1 think there were not at that moment two more contemptible men on the high seas than Hayling and I. I looked at him, but his lipe had gone clcae together, and his face had grown grimly repellant. We came alongside just where the officer stood, and quickly tho first box, securely slung in a net, was lowered to UB. " There ougbt to be ton of these boxes," said Hayling, in his roughest, gruffest voice. 44 Quite right," said the officer, looking hard at my companion. Hayling dropped his eyes ; but the other, leaning further over, Baid in an altered tone — a tone not unmixed with curiosity — 44 I say." 44 Well ?" said Hayling, withcut looking up. "Did you ever know a fellow called Frank Hayling V ' 44 No, waa the abrupt reply. Rut thcT face of the second mate grew harder than over. 44 You wouldn't. Fie waa an honest mail/' An ominous cloud darkened my com panion's face, but beyond a quick dilating of the nostrils he gave no other sign of being stung by the taunt. Yet why had lie refused to admit to hia identity 1 Equivocal as waa his poaition, it waa none of bis choosing Against it he might have Btruggled in vain. But in the meantime the specie had been passed over the side until tho whole ten boxea lay at our feet j then, without more ado, the men got out their oars, and amid the jeers and exeorations of those aboard the Australian, liner we put about for our ship. I suppose I can go now ?" yelled the captain. Not until wo signal yon pBrnilaaion," said Hayling. As 1 looked up I encountered a row of angry faces ; bnt my eyes only reBted on ono the white, scared face aft, with its nimbus of golden hair. Aa we rowed back to the Pulo Way my companion turned to me. 44 What a strange littlo world this is I That fellow who spoke to me w&b; once fi shipmate of mine." 44 Then why did you deny your iden tity ?" 44 Cuaaednesa, I auppoao — or Bome Bcruple aa to fitting my fnon know that I have turned pirate " 44 All the same, it's a pity we didn't try to get aboard." 44 There would then have been no hope for the Chung-Tong. Lq ahead " On the foc'aTe-head stood Mr Gupp beside his gun, the gun itself trained upon the unfortunate liner. 1 sa and understood ; but all the Bamo I deeply regretted having to return to the Pulo Way. 44 Did you bog that girl aft ?" I asked. 44 Sao her !" he echoed. 44 1 don't think I shall orer forget her scared, white face, hoc look of utter abhorrence. What unmitigated scoundrels she must think ub!" What unmitigated scoundrels we are 5 But Bhe waa very lovely." 44 Too lovely to go to the bottom," said he. 44 What do you mean ? " 44 If I hadn't seen hor I should have tried to get aboard the Chung-Tong/' I followed the drift of his thoughts, and while 1 duly admired the self- sacrifice I could not help thinking him over-scrupu lous. Onco on board the Chung-Tong we might have got away, or offered such resistance as would have given Captain Macshiel a dictate for piracy of the more adventurous order ; but once back aboard the Pulo Way we would be entirely at the mercy of a crew of successful des peradoes. Well, it was too late now. The chance, if chance it were, had gone, and we had to face the future with what cheerfulness we could command. A few strokes brought us alongside the old packet, aud in an incredibly short apace of time the specie waa transferred ; from our boat to the deck. As soon as oil . waa clear I clambered up the aide, and there upon the deck I beheld tho carpenter ; hard at work upon one of the boxes with a chisel and a hammer. In less than a minute he had the iron binding off, the end open, and the BovereiguB, neatly packed, were exposed to view. The mate, who had been superintend ing thin interesting performance, imme diately turned to the captain, who was still on the bridge, and shouted out, '' All right, sir 1" The old man waved his hand, nd even at that distance i saw the horrid grin that spread itself over bin ugly face. Then the mate had the box fastened up and the whole of the plunder carried below. By this time the boat had been hauled up, to which piece of work I lent a hand. Indeed, willy-nilly, I seemed to be doing my beBt to further my apprenticeship to tho piratical trade. There was grim old Hayling laying on to the rope with all his might, and bo, perforce, 1 laid on too, without much thinking ; though it might not have been so hard to cuess the reason of tho apparent acquiescence of the big Australian. But on once more turning to take another peep at the Chung-Tong I was somewhat astonished to see how close wc were drawiug ; for now that we had plun dered the ship there was no necessity to kiss before Baying good-bye. Being en tirely unprepared for what waa about to follow, I was beginning to feel a little curiouB aa to the meaning of the move ment, when the gun forward rang ont. At first the full significance of the act did not appear obvious, but when it was followed by the utmost consternation aboard the liner, I realised in full the horror of it aLl, Nor did it need the second shot, which quickly followed the first, to convince me of the fiendish in tention of Macshiel. I saw the Bhell ex plode low down by the eide of the Chung- Tong, aud by the way her officers crowded to that particular portion of the bulwarka and looked anxiously over, I knew that she had been badly hit. Turning, I saw Hayling beside me. Whito wrath showed up through his dark skin ; there was a nasty glitter in hie eyes. Yet bis voice was calm and icily cold when he Bpoke. "This ia apretty business, RavenBford/' 44 They mean to &ink; her ? " " Undoubteely. " 44 But, Hayling, might we not protest?" 44 We might ; but it wouldn't be of the slightest use. They inuat sink tho Chung- Tong if they hope to escape detection. Who, then, is to know how Bhe went down ? Indoed, from their point of view, it ia the only thing they can do. Pro testing is useless. There are quite fifteen men forward, all fully armed." i 41 But, good heavens, we can't stand by and see this done 1 " 44 We must — unlefis wc want to go down with her. Much better live in the hope of bringing these scoundrels to book. Sec, she's under way at last," and he pointed to the bubbling water just under her counter ; "but too late, 1 fear — too late.'' Too late indeed, for jast then another aliot rang out, and wo knew then that the helpless vessel iiad again bcGn badly hit. Hayling'a indifference suddenly gave way to a fierce outburst of passion. Ho ground hia teeth and shook liis huge fist in the direction of Mr Gupp. 44 Confound that fellow!" ho liiBBpd ; I'll be eveu with hiin yet." He turned from me and searched intently every point of the horizon. But coining back again lie shook hia head 44 Nothing in sight, old man. It's all up with tho Chung-Tong." ( Tj be Goniinurd). 