Sport Jots. THE TURF. In the matter of all round sport the T.R.C. establiBbod a record on Saturday last. Beautiful weather, first claee atten dance, good totalieator returns, and last, bnt not leait, eplendid raoing. To those who bad noteeonElwiok for tla last few months a pleasant surprise was, in store, the course and surroundings wearing a epring-like appearance, wbicb gladdened the hearts of oien tboee who were not for tunate enongh to tind winners. Lord and Lady Gormaneton were pr'etbnt ; and with 60 many boraes from t'otber end takin? part several prominent sporttmen were duwn to follow tbe fortunes of their representativee, \- who played a prominent part, winning three races out of tbe eix run for. Tbe hero of the day was Eiridsdale, who carried his 10-9 and won the December Handicap like the racehoree that be undoubtedly is (of coarse I am referring to Taeinanian com pany). The big fellow bonled along as if neight did not trouble him, and it will be interesting to know what be will be asked to carry tbe next time bis name ia sub mitted to P.G.M.. Before the raoe Mr. Agnew told me that Timbrel would run well, bat be could not see bin beating Doyle's pet ; and bis judgment worked out to a nicety, ae Timbrel beat the remainder of the field decisively. De Yore, as fat as a pride ox, will be worth following about the beginning of next year; but Chorister, wbo was fancied by McClutohie, ran a very bad race, and it is about time Lena left the poet for the paddock, that is provided tbe jovial J.B. does not intend to swoop down on ns next February. Although Surf is only a handful be can both gallop and stay, and if be trains on he will repay Neeson for the trouble be has taken with him. Tbe withdrawal of Hero from the Unrdle Race was a disappointment to not a few; but nine of out very beet took part, and with Break o' Day put about as the elect of the Malahide stable, be was pouncd upon and made favorite ; bui the ultimate winner, J.F., bad a large following, tbe rise of the barrier seeing him second favorite. And how did he win I During the first mile he was kept in the rnck, but the business end of tbe journey saw him clear out and beat his opponents like so many backe. 'i'he winner on last season's form was pitobforked into the bandioap, but fines then he bas been badly beaten on several occasions, and, after all, Uandicapper Monoghan was quite justified in letting him down ligbily. Veno, President. Dawn, and Gabby ran well, but tbe favorite cot np badly, and Johnny Arm strong took such a treme lt'ous hold of one of the strrters thai I cannot refrain from throwing out tbe bint to backers to keep tteir optics skinned with a view to getting on at the right time. Old Blackthorn, looking as freBU and gay as a two-yeur-old, beat a bad lot in tbe Steeplechase, and Braemar upeet a hot pot in Guy Fawkes for the Trial Stakes. Although none too Well handicapped Maeeena was made the medium of a plan Re for tbe Flying Handi cap. Tbe colt had been kigbly tried against the watch, and onuer, lessee, and friends planked the dollars down as if tbe race Was allorer bar shouting; but they reckoned without their host, as that unreliable biutp Sea Song, irho a fortnight previously could not even get a place at Eifdou Park, ounie out of his shell and beat tbe favoritu with ridiculous ease, ruuning the five furlonga in the first rate time of lm 6s; iu fact, the pace was so warm that sprinters like The Peer, Mario. Surf. Melody, Awbur, Vern city, aud Wolfgang could not foot it with Sea Song mid JWnsena any part of the journey. The winner carried the popular Waverley spots, but beyond the st ke money Mr. Agnew derived no benefit, as he pre ferred tc trust Maesena, and it was indeed hard lack for Mr. Craighill to lose hie money through being beaten by sneb a twicer as Sea Song. 1 bad almost forgotten to mention that no less than £1721 was in vested on tbe three totalisators worked, which for once in a way will enable the club to snow a decent profit on the day's doings. As usual the energetic and obliging secre tary, Mr. C. H. Westwood, was here, there, and everywhere, and with the rest of the officials working as one, one of the most (successful race meetings ever held at Elwick passed off without a hitch. If one is repeatedly called upon to chronicle the success of a particular insti tution it becomes monotonous, and perhaps it is juet w well that the Hutch ere' Hacing Club do not race too often, otherwise I would be inflicting our readers with the eame heading week after week and month after month, to eay that last Wednesday's meeting was a buge success is putting it mildly. Even that sanguine man, Jof, Wig nail, never for one moment anticipated suoh a eplendid return, more especially as the T.E.C. only raced lust Saturday, where the victory of Sea Song in the concluding event eent the money into the pockets of a few, while the majority of backers returned home almost penniless. Then, again, we are on the ove of Xnias, which naturally enough causes a good many to stand off, but, witl-al, the fact remains that, apart Irom good entries and a first-rate 'gate,' so lees than £1565 passed through ttie tOtalisutor, and as long as the B.R.C. manage their meetings in their present up to-date style the popularity of the club will continue to hold good, Jos. VViguall was as buy m a bee throughout the day, rdH ^BBSISiiiiiiiiiii Charley Mills was bntiing about in the in-' tc rests of the club. With the exception of the Trots, tbe raoing w.is good, albeit feaoken found no difficulty in 'selecting the winners of the handioaps, no less tban three divi dends under a pound being deolared. I am not particularly in love with trotting at any lime, but after Wednesday's Open Trot lam convinced that in the interests of ?portihe majority of trotting owners ?hoaid - be - wiped off tbe faoe of the earth. Oat of the largo field that started in tbe event under notice there were not more than halfa dozen fmit, *riuph 4* oosa^Mtarrtejjha. olnb, wbo provide goofl prices, ana also to the public, wbo assist the olnb by pasting tb»ir money through the machines. A glanoe at the face of the maohines prior to tbe starting of Wednesday's Open Trot pro vided strong circumstantial evidence that several well-known trotters were as dead as mutton, and if tbe .Butchers intend con tinuing this branoh of sport it behoves them to keep their eyes open, and Onll out a few of the gentry whotuve the oheek to pull their boreej! right underjtbestewardi1 nose, and afterwards make about of it: 'Be it nnderstood tbat I do' not confine my re marks to trottiqg, alone, .as (.here was at least one oase of btrefaoed reversal of form amongst tbe galloping division. Tbe bone in question could not live with a poor field It filwiok, and as tbey don't as a role improve much in the short space of fonr days, it cams as a surprise to not a few when the money waB coming from the right quarter to back a horse tbat did not possesife hundred to one obance on their Elwiok showing. But enough slid; away to tbe racing;. Both' the Trial Handicap and Open Hack Sacs looked fair game for Guy Fawkea, and he won both, but I think with jockeys ex changed Allfire would have beaten him in the Trial Handicap, but the blaok had a big weight up, and ie .evidently a useful ou» tomer. Veno was pulled out to oppose Hero in the Hurdle Race, but it was a for lorn hope, as Doyle's hone made the paoeao merry that the ohestnut cried enongh after going a mile and a-quarter. Recognising the fact Massena was meeting Seasong on better tennis tban at Elwiok, backers again went for Mr. Craigbill'a colt, and be won, but only by tbe narrowest of shaves, as tbe improving Braemar fought ont every inch of the C turlongs, which was oat oat in tbe smart time of lm 18Jsec. This is a record for Bisdun Park, and almost a Taamanian record. :B«irenchment added the Jumpers' Flat to his already long list, and Baltics, acoonuted for the High-Woight Handicap. The Maiden Trot (Clipfbe tropbv) went to Dallas, and the Open Trot to Black Bess, the last- named winner paying a divvy of. £18 28. A keen sport is Geo. Davis, who, by the aid of bis honoBt stepper Dallas, becomes the happy possessor of 'The Clipper Trophy,' a gold stop watch, valne £10 10s, presented by Air. Jus. Paton. The donor was lite on tbe course to sea bis prise run for, bat this matters not, as J.P. has developed into a sportsman, and whether present or absent takes a iivujy interest in horseraoing, as well as all otner branches of Bport. Fiddlestring has joined Martin Roach's stable, and ttie tough little Irishman has now got a nice string together. Roach is one of tbe painstaking sort, wuo has a knack of getting a raoe out of a horse after other trainer* declare him no good. He has Ketrenohment as fit as a fiddle, and after being sent borne as useless he took Braemar in hand. In thiB oase results speak for themselves. After the Launceston Cap meeting Roach will shelter bis horses at Newnbum. Besides being a capable trainer he ih n vigorous borsHmau. A female bookmaker, who until recently laid the odds at Manchester (Eng,), nnm bered among her patrons heaps of tonay people— and yet she died. Her last book, made the week before her death, included the pa) ment of £800 on one bet. Melbourne Cup; A few reminisoences in connection with this fuBoinnting event mar be interesting : An opal miner invested £1 in (he £100,000 sweep wbiob was V7on by Gleuloth. The miner was on bis way to Sydney when the race took place. On his arrival he compared his ticket with tbe drawn number, and found tbat not only bad he drawn a horse, but that he was tbe holder of the lucky Glenlotb, which meant tbat he hud won a fortune of £27,000. I should like to mention that Gleuloth was ranked as an ontsider Another ' super stition' about the came horse. Glenlotb's jockey wore an opal pin in the raoe, wbieh placed him in possession of a cheque which oue of your readers, at least, would not run away from. Eureka has gone into Fearoe's stable at Green Ponde. Harry Figg, owner of that beantiinl trotting stallion Mambrino Mac, has taken a lease of the Harvest Home Hotel, where ilao and himself pan be interviewed daily. The Zeehan Raoing Olub have reoeived first-rate entries for their Sow Teir'e Day meeting. The names of Eureka, De Ve're, Bunyip, 6ongeter, Cognac, Orpheui, and Retrenchment appear in (he list. One or two good judges attribute Uew baven'e failure to heart disease. The Taomanian Turf Ulub have framed their summer programme. The Launoestoa Cup ib worth £260, Steeplechase £120, and T.'l'.O. Uaudicup £100. On Saturday, December 24, the Newnham Turf' Glob hold their second meet ; £126 is distributed over 8 events. Tne natty programme set forth by tbe Oarripk Eauiny Uiub rtfwiutii Cue Of olden times, Baoins rsmlta t Epsom (Vio.(. list Bttar day7TrT»l Handicap. Lovelocks. HnMle Biee.Mr.tery. Welter HandiM^ Lopb Fad. Seepleohase, N.Z. Epsom Handi cap, Alaska. Mordiallno Handioup, Kul 5vne. Canterbury Park (Sydney): Hurdle,, er Highness. BtemraV Htle, Blaoklook, Park Stake., Expectation. Flying Handi no, Wbikawatea, Canterbury Handicap, Coras Boy, - iipendale Park, Wednesday : Trial Handioap, Ganymene. Hurdle, Mye tery. Beioh Grove Handioap, The Brewer. Jumpers' Fiat, Bosella. Aspendale Handi Stakes, Planet. Exeter Handio&p;, Euoal. Flying Handioap, Planet. Galloway Han dioap, Sir Arsenal. Trot, Red Rose. Eugene and Deposed have been pat into 'tW&\%?**\ I** oftrfra-tf Eilrie, hai returned tbe horse to bis owner. Priooe Carbine has been sent bao¥ to Sydney. His trip to. Melbourne iwas not a profitable one to his owner. FiUroymll also be sent baok this week. Sea Bong at Elwiok an! Sea Song at Bis don Park were two different faoisss, and *h« same may be uid of Bett via. Tbe programme for the February meet o the Hobart Turf Olub' has been framed, alia will appear in oar issae of next Saturday. The Batchers Raoing Olnb hold another meeting on January 11. The well known Sydney horse Sam has been sold. His destination is said to bB India* I am given to understand that Eridedale will not be seen out again until our Cnp meetings. If Hero will stand training Doyle is po sassed of one of the best hnraleraoers in the colony. O. Fora, who wh on Beka when that horse came down in tbe Oaulfield Gap, is still Uid up. Still another loss sustained by that un lucky sportsman Mr. H. Jones. That sturdy looking little onjtomer the Abbot died this week. Not being satisfied with Wolfgang's dis play at Elwiok -and Risdon Park, Mr. Oraighill has decided to give the big fellow a trial over hardies. The programme for the New Tear's Day meeting of the Brighton Jockey Club ap pears in our advertising column., and is well worth the attention of owners. £800 is spread over seven events, inoluding an Open Trot .if £t0. Nominations close with Mr. T. O, Hodgman at 8 p.m. sharp on Monday, Dec. 19. The items are— Maiden Hurdle, £26, H miles; Mew Tear's Gift, £26, 6 furlong. ; Brighton Bteeplechase, £35, 2J miles; Brighton Plate, £40, 1} miles; Open Hurdle, £80, 1) miles, Plump ton -Handicap, £16,6 furlong.; Open- Trot, £80,8 mile. The hurdleraoer JF has become the pro perty of Billy Bempseed. £60 i- said to have bran theprioe paid. No less than 73 horses have accepted for the Rosehill Stakes, to he ran for to-day. The Newcastle Cup, ran for lut Saturday, resulted in a win for that smart home Oban, wbo carried the steadier of lO.tand ran the mile and a quarter in 2-11. Tramp started favorite at 6 to 1, the winner being quoted at twenties. The crack light-weight, Bobby Lewis, was taken ill while at Bendigo. He u now get ting all right again. CYCLING. The Druids have fixed up their big sports programme for the Upper Oricket Ground for March 16. The following are tbe prin cipal events : — Novioe Bicycle Raoe of £6 ; Trial Bioyole Race, £6; Druid.' Wheel Race(8Ups),£44; Half-Uile, £8 ; Scratch Race, £17; two Novelty Bioyole races of £4 etch ; Flag Raoe, £2 10s (for school teams only); a handicap Chopping Match, £18 (standing Joes, 2ft); a Mile Running of £7 ; a cycling race (for Druids only) of £6 ; and a footrace of £8 (for members of the Oadet Corps)- The grand total of the prise money is the Taeinanian record for a single day'* athletic sports, and as the Government will declare the day a holiday great interest will be aroused in the f»te. Brother Montagu Henry will handle the business reins, and Brother J. W. Cearni secretary of the sports ootnmittee. The result of the Austral Wheel Raoe and the championships will be posted in the windows of the Modern Oycle Agency to-night, this enterprising firm having made arrangements to have full details wired over. The makers of bicycles who intend going for paced records this season are all making their racers with 26in wheels to enable the rider to obtain more shelter from and get oloser to hie pacing machine. The Touring Olub de Franoe now numbers 80,000 members, and is the biggest touring intitution in the world. Collins, mounted on a Rover, won the great Warraambool to Melbourne Boad Race. Nettlefqlds report good business with the king pf safeties, the Imperial Rover. One day lut week their sales totalled (bar maohines.* The Rsilway Club are having a run to Brown's River this afternoon. Member, of other clubi are invited to join in. Entries for the Latrobe events close with the dpeedwell secretary to-night, who oan also supply particulars re cheap fares. The Uity Club (Launoeston) have altered tbeirdate to Saturday, Deoember 24, bat tboagh only two weeks off.no posterior The Speedwell Olub held their monthly inglnst Saturday, when the beats for the Astral Wheel Raoe were run .off. **'£ Left onl in TuiooWri'n e u eat winVers wmM;i, Morgan, A. H. Tame. J. Brookw, W. !W . Jdleton, T. 8. Fmnigan, W. Jwtksou, tV.^tffhewi,»t.L B. KUwnrtvifln- Tbe following riJers wjUpprnpeJi^ in the final, whioh oomes off to-day i-^aokspji (40yd), Relpb (BOyd), Garga*Vo(ih ana S-iine. (j^fo^⇔ ?ufe and'Broolcer (BtOyd), Maogibbon (U0*a)i Stajpleton (B40yd),'Mathelr. (BflOy d), Bennet , ^KJrntemational Soratoh Kile,ti«ii in ' hsita, foil to MoDonJad, with Wains seqond, anSTi. Barker third. 'Although ,not the absolute iriwier Sfcsmania played A promU' nept «)Brt ip the Five Mile IntojpatioDri Bcrs.tob,4tibh was-won by Forbei, with Frank BaftUoVmp «i.nd Balil Crisp in the p'aces. As the winner easily broke tueworld e Mass JrM*;peo0rd. for -the. distance, ' the Tassy boys, oannot be duffers at thegame, The Oiledodiaiis are ont with their pro gI|ntriSes(for Utrobs aoS OaledonianW iloje' on Saturday next, Wth inat, .?; Entries tor Longford clow Monday, 12th The ,Oity Qlnb t\w ^oinjr to run a^'cWs' day inset'' In January, atad give' £90 in prises. Then wiU be two footraces i*r oludnd in the programme. The bioyole race «t 'tbe High Sobool sports looked aeoft thipg for Charlie Mad dox, but he could only make ia dead heat o: it fviib Holme.. Sbislds rode »df, ,:j, V Tbe raoing in Melbourne last Saturday wss very good, but at the came time it was very disappointing. The bookmarkers were conspicuous by their selfishness, and, of oonree, paid the penalty. None of the Taemanians rode np to form in the bandioaps, though both Oripper and Bfwskiwp W* pUeed.w -*he*»«»lw; Scratch. Crimp's style was very much admired. Of those left in the final of the Austral I like Tame, Gargurevich, and Relpb best, although I must admit that there are some toogh men in front of them. ? This year's Austral is remarkable for the number of good men out on long marks in the final. Matthews, Stapleton, Brooker, and Pinnigab are all goers, Tarid tbe back toen will-hive togoall they know to otteh them. A. qomliination. among the ,loilr named, would effectually keep away from the bept back ''man alive. Walne has been a great disappointment; *0 has , Beanoboaip. On tbe other band Forbes end McDonald have covered them celves with glory by their brilliant riding. Forbes throws oo obaooe* aw*y, and. judg ing from the form ne is displaying just now, itwiUtake the redoubtable Walne all bis time to down the plucky Maorilander. Tbe'dispate between ? Sofcarp and the M.B.C. has been atnioably settled, Soharp agreeing to take the value of tbe first prise in the Aastral as compensation. The M.B.O. committee acted in a rather high-handed way ovier the matter and they have has to pty for it. Soharp had backed bimBelf to win £1600. Leslie Park has left the ranks of the 'snow white amateurs ' and gone straight for tbe boodle. Mifldleton, wbo dislocated his shoulder on tbe opening Day of the M.B.O. meet, iB getting on first rate and hopes to be racing in the New Tear. The system of allowing only one man in eeoh beat to qualify for the Austral final has not been a success, and the system of taking the first three and then running semi-finals to decide who ongbt to start in the final itself is a better way. YACHTING Money makes the mire go. This phrase was never more exemplified tban list Satur day, when the Olutha ran away with the D^rwent Sailing Club 28ft yacht race. Freddy Clarke has tbe means at his flis po.al, and he made good use of it by bnild -ng boat after boat pntil be has got hold of a veritable flyer, and supporters of yacbt raoing in Tasmania most appreciate the energy displayed by Mr. Clarke in trying to improve our olass of boat, and who knows that before long we may not find him going across' to Sydney or Melbourne to try con clusions with the best tbey osorfind over there. The starters in Saturday's raoe were: — Volant, Caress, and Olutha, scratch; Fairlie, 8im. Both the Caress and Pairlie met with m ishaps, but lit did not alter th e re sult, the Clutha winning in hollow fashion. The Bellerive Sailing club held their second raoe for the season on Saturday last. The conditions were open to nil boats, any olass, for a, trophy presented by Harry Pint, Esq. The following boats started: — Imp, Waratah, Nymph, Daphne, and Sweetheart. After a well-contested race they finished in tae following order : — Daphne 1, Sweetheart 2, Imp 8. The club's commodore, Mr. G. M. Allwright, did the starting, and also held tbe watch. Thi. afternoon a raoe will be sailed for a trophy presented by R, Brown, E.q. The Amerioa won a slashing race over the regatta course on the Tamar last Saturday, beating Vixen and Toala, 12min, Ada and Tounah, 16min, Bouncer, Umius, and Romp, SOmin. The wind was choppy from the north-west, and the Yankee had 18seo to spare when she shot across the line. Vixen was second, and Toula third. THE RIFLE. The Torpedo Club fired off their monthly match at the 400, 6U0, and 600yd. ranges last Saturday under advene siroumstahoes, a strong nor'-wasterly wind preventing de cent scoring. The liberality of numerous biinnesB people in presenting prize, to tbe club had the effect of making the sport both interesting and exciting. Ssrgt.-M.ajor Watt topped the list with 66 off tbe target jandicap 14, 79 ; Corp. Miller second with 78 (6), 78 ; and Sap. R. Whittingtou 61 (14), la, third. The City Polioe matoh for money prises presented by the Caeoade Oo. resulted in »UOr ofJ?Kt-a5'lanil9Jr' 88 S6!88. SMgt. iainey, 80 (7 , 87, seoond, and P.O. Nance. 60 (20), 80, third. Federal Clarke, the back marker, ww fourth with 70 off the tenet. B. Company T.H.R. matoh at Sandy Buy on Saturday struok even worse circumstances than thoTorps. Apart from a continuous heavy nor'-west wind the mounds were very defeotive. Improvements should be made or the big meeting. The ranges were 400, 600, and 600yds. Corp. Briant was top Scorer with 70 off tbe target. Surgt-Msjor Carter. 67 (6), 72, seoond ; and Ool -Beret lieid third with 71 off the target. The latter stood out in favor of the *»?»??; jn«n Sergt. Hallett, 64(14), 68. ? taaD- At Bellerive, where the local club fired off a match for prizes amounting to two guineas presented by Mr. T. A. Reynolds, the scor- ing was a little better than at Sandy Bay. Priv. Pedder, who is a new man at the game, appropriated first prize with 65 (28), 88 ; Priv. Costello, 69 (16), 85, second ; Bugler Facy 73 (11), 84, third ; Priv. Parker 76 (7), 83, fourth ; and Federal Sharland, 82 off the target fifth. The Brighton riflwnen were alsobanoi' capped by nnfavonrale conditions, and tpe sooring with few exceptions was very mm. First prise was annjked by Priv. MoSbane; irihifj (ll).88i OlptainGsttyfsoratch), 8»T«eBood; Priv! Bjftts 60 (801, 80. tbiro7) Priv. Edwards, 6sfl4), 77. fourth; and Oorp.flhalmers, 66 (SOj, 75, fifth. ! ' ] BOEING. : ' Albury Clifford, wto will he rememb'ptea' ,as having taken partfn several boxing coo« tests in Tasmania, hu been making a,W»f- for htinielf in BngUnd. Last mohth he rm matched again* Jack. Weloh. The contest was amngaB for six rounas, - bnt the third round saw Albury knook hu man dean out. Clifford fras a stone lighter than his opponent. '?; CEIpKBT. iThfc ArtUlery Or^ket Olub held their meeting last Monday night, when the Veteran Serg. Mitohffl was again eleotsd to pjloMbe military dampions of last mi. They are now getting in fettle far the New Teat; when they vul bs open for engage ment with tbe '' redSnts,' or anything else that has the plunk to;faoe the musio of their, boasted 'bead bowling' and «reas«d lightning Bhrapnells,-. The second Bokety v. Endeavor match wasoommenoed on Saturday last. Rokeby won the toes and eji-oted to bat, a, distinct advatitaire on such a windy day, and totalled 1P6,'E. Pre^ 76, J#s. Richardson ; 41, V. Ohipman 28, W. Riohard-on, sen., 14 not ont, and A. Ward 14'being tbe chief «oorers. Endeavor then oocAried tbe wiokeU autH call of time, losing -$-- for 28. Joe Riohardion being not out with! 19. The bowling for Endeavour was don$*y F. Hanson, eigljt for 60 Parkinson one far 8, and Riobardsbn ooe for 64; and for Rofieby by Toung, obb tor 16\. Tbe match will be continued to- day, wben Endeavor should socre a oloBe win. . 1 asV-»*tV.SOT fcaunoeBton op North on Saturday. Launoeeton got 102 the previous Satnrday, end Eak replied with Sit, seven of the batsmen getting into double figures. H. DouglaB knocked together 42 very nicely. T. Douglas 80, not out, F. 8. Pioiet 89, Diok 'and lion- 8inw, Palmer, AtthoT, EiBsling, and Savisny all bad a tarn at the ball, but it was Esk's day oat evidently. In the second innings Laaaaeston lost six for. 8L and here is the trouble :— A. W. Piokett 7j balls, 3 maiden.,- 8l runt.V'iviaVets. Not bad for* yoangrter. Dnion Jaok end West Hobart met last Saturday, and after an enjoyable game vio toTry rested with the ''?/iota,' who put to gether 1*3 to their opponents 58. For the winners, J. Halton 81. W. Hooper (not oat 80, AbelS?. Gree.el6, ani T. Gibbons 14, ba«ea»ell; while for the iosnrs, 3. Kirby (not out| IB, Harper 12, and 3. Cramp 9 were op top. Doion Jack's best bowler m S. Halton, who bagged seven wiokets for 20, H. Creese ooming next with two for 20. . For West, Jack Harper, five for 41, did the lion's ?hare. Tie poor form shown by West was very disappointing to their snpporters, as in neither batting nor fisldintr were they up to their wial form. /Their bust all round man, .Geo. Trappes, was prevented from, playing through an injured 'finger. Taking advantage of oar belt eleven being away in Sydney, a matoh between 11 Seniors and 16 3 onion was commenced last Bator day, and will be continued to-day. At the end of tun day's play the scores read :— Juniors. 804; Soniors, one, wicket for 81. Lou Maolood was on top for the Juniors with a well-made 62, P. Pooook coming next with 48. For the Seniors, Bert Bing ham was batting merrily for 89 (not out), when the atumpi were drawn. Billy Ward and Joker Dodda bowled in first-rate form, the latter seouring five for 64, and the far mer six for 78. The Tasminians will have a tough con tract on hand when they get to Sydney, as the following little lot are waiting/or them : — S. Gregory, A. O. McEenzie, F. Iredale, V. Triimper, F. Pye, W. Powell, W. J. Kelly. R. A. Duff, T. McEibbin, M. A. Noble, and H. Donnan, with A. Oonning ham as twelfth man. Last Saturday Trumper and Noble, playing for East Syd ney, got 118 and 267 (act out) respectively. Noble has this season -be remarkable aver age of 429, being dismissed once out of four innings. While Hobart is inflicted with hideous ghosts of deoayed advertisements on the tram cant, the Liverpool (Eug.) municipal authorities have deoided tbat no advts. are to be written or plaoarded on their new and chaste cars. Review of Refuse Stead's declares that the Cear of all the Russias is sinoere in hfs anti-war propaganda. ' The Czar personally told him so. 