ENTERTAINMENTS. DRAMATIC NOTES. (By "Flaneur.") A dramatic sensation of the first-class order was provided by the Public Works Department on Friday last, when the authorities ordered the closing of the Theatre Royal at five in the evening, about two hour's before the usual time of opening the doors to the public. It is admitted by the unlucky lessee, Mr. Charles Holloway, that the Minister was courteous and sympathetic, and it is, of course, quite certain that he acted under a pressing sense of duty. But it is none the less to be regretted that such a drastic action should have been found necessary at a time when the audiences were only moderately large, while the enormous crowds that gathered during the short Wilson Barrett season were allowed to assemble under conditions hardly com- patible with safety. It is not too much to say that any alarm during the Wilson Barrett season—when chairs were placed in the narrow gangways and every corner of the Theatre was scientifically packed to bursting point—must have imperilled the audience. It is equally certain that with no more than the exits now existing the audiences that have since assembled could march out in perfect safety if the Theatre were actually alight in half-a-dozen places. It is not easy to imagine where the 1,600 people, who are said to have visited the theatre on the last night of the Wilson Barrett season, were placed. Counting the orchestra and back stalls together, there are 464 seats on the floor of the house arranged in 23 rows of 20 each, with 4 seats edged in on the O.P. side (left hand, looking at the stage.) The dress-circle, including the viceregal division, seats 198, and the private boxes 8 more. This makes a total of 670. Chairs in the gangways could only be placed for 30, making 700 in all. Galleries, as we all kxow, are elastic, but it is difficult to imagnie that "900 per- sons could be wedged into the gallery of the Theatre Royal. There is nothing wonderful in the fact that Mr. Charles Holloway has up to the present time no intention whatever of attempting to extend his season or to reopen the Theatre Royal. He had leased the house till October with an option of a renewal, and he had, as has been announced in these columns, arranged for Mr. Grattan Riggs to appear in August, and Mr. George Rignold in September. He decided as soon as the Commissioner of Public Works closed the theatre to send his com- pany to the East and himself to remain pending final arrangements. Of course the premature close of the season means a heavy loss to every member of the com- pany as well as to the manager who brought them here. The fares alone are a very large item, as may easily be under- stood when it is remembered that the visit of the Bracy Opera Company last year cost £400 on this head, though the troupe was much smaller than that which Mr. Bracy recently conducted to Perth for Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove. Our goldfields friends have a treat in store fer next week, when . th«. Tilter Quartette will appear in conjunction with the Harry Bickards Company, They are, decidedly the finest dancers pf the kind who havo visited Australia, and those who -recollect" Letty Lind, Sylvia Grey, Florence Levy, Bartbo, and D'Argo-all in these colonies within the last seven years or so -will find that those accomplished dancers did not entirely exhaust the "poetry bf motion." The, Tiller Quartette act to- gether with wonderful .accuracy and "skill. Their movements, though, gracef ul and elegant, are brilliantly rapid and magically agile, and they may claim to . .have given the public a new sensation.- . There nas been nothing like them since the famous. V Pas de Quatre " in " Faust , Up to Date " at the London Gaiety. -. The : company is otherwise- good; Miss Ada Baker.,* being à first-class ballad,* dingeri j effective",, impressive, , and Wweet-voiced, without affectation or extravagance ; and ?the cbnucaÍUáés-^r;Mew McKisson,land Kearns" a^ very, diverting. Mr. Charles Cartwright's season begins on Monday with "The Middleman," by H. A. Jones,- part author of "'The Silver King/' This piece was written to display tho talento of Mr. Willard, the original *' Spider " in tile last- named piece, and the fortunate actor made a great hit in the Eart of the hero. Mr. Cartwright, who as the Australian rights, began bis" Vic- torian career .in thi3"play, which suits him entirely. The chief character (Cyrus Blenkara) is.a potter.whbhas, by his inven- tions-all parted with ior a mere song to his employer, Joseph. Chandler-made the, fortune of that magnate. Juit at the' moment in which he is bringing to a close a long series of experiments tending to the' production of a new and perfect enamel,.,he discovers that;, his favourite daughter, Mary, has been* wronged by his employer's son, a captain in the "army. Th* young man,,is güito -willing to fulfil ^^^anj^rj^..naxc^thB young lady, but Chandler interferes and^orces his.son, .as he believes, jora- his regiment with "out carrying out his undertaking. Blen tarn, stung by the injury and stimulated jr revenge into ä sudden care for h^s own inforeste, r^sfclvés ttùj^v0s^a .bis iiWen tion'anduse it to oppose^handlsr. - : : . ¿ r .i-Ther^i^ -own' pottery, when,' with ^ ekh^ußted,'-t^ appearance, and the . furnace, not hot enough for its development, he breaks up the furniture and caste it into the Üre, as did Palissy, tho potter, in by- gene "days. The-result is sunilar. Chandler enters Sloping to persuade Blerikarn te return to the factory and sell his invention, justas the half maddened potter pulls open the doors of the oven, and, clutching a piece of tiie perfected ware, defies the intruder and proclaims his coming ruin. In the next act this is seen accomplished. Bien karri enriched, gives .Chandler, now bank- rupt, employment, arid just as this is settled Captain Cháñale?", eaters . .wifli Mary as his wïfe:_ Aa under plot with Nancy Blenkam for heroine, and Jesse Pegg, Blenkarn's assistant, for hero, re- lieves th« intensity of tho pisce. Criticbm in advance would ts useless, hut it is vory likely that the P¡erth playgoars will be as delighted as were those of Melbourn?, At Coolgardie Professor Kencedy was to open his season at the Cromóme Theatre last night (Thursday). Mr. Harry Rickards' Company is auaouncad for tba the race week, August ll to 17, and at tho end of August Mr. Holloway's Company were expected to play eight nights. This expectation will not be fulfilled, as they left for tho East yesterday. The Cre- morne - Theatre at Coolgardie bas been much improved of late, and a gallery has just been added to the rear of tho hell. Mr. J. C. Williamson, whose experience .as manager and actor is absolutely uniqua, luis favoured the promoters of the nev? Kalgoorlie theatre with valuable advice, arid has promised to support the enterprise by sending companies. Whoa it is re- membered that be was .a popular manager of .good standing in America for several years before he cams first to Australia, 'that he bas since tourei-tho whole world, and has, since 1861, bees ths head of the firm which has kept the principal theatres in thé chief Australian cities constantly 'opea and always attractive, it will be sean that there is absolutely so one so competent to guide the Operations. He is specially, forcible in poiaûÀg. out the necessity for" ample p≥ room. This~:is indispensable to good effect, and its deficiency ie fatal to dramatic realism. At the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, Mr. Julius Knight, the handsomest and most romantic of the newer favourites of the day,' bas appeared very suc- cessfully in a revival of "Tbe Prisoner of Zenda," and is now playing Marcus in v^TheSign.of tho Cross" to enthusiastic audiences. ' John Coleman finishes his engagement to Mr. Harry Rickards, to-night. (Friday), and, it is understood, leaves for America. A new American actress, Miss Elsie Lander, made her first appearance last Saturday at the Bijou Theatre, Mel- bourne, in a farcical comedy by A. C. Gunter, author of Barnes, of New York, entitled "Miss Chicago." Under: Harry. Cogill's management, at the Melbourne Gaiety, the funeral of Mr. Gladstone is shown in the biographe. Mr. Charles Rose, who appeared here with the Williamson-Musgrove Opera Com- pany as Vincentia " Ma.Mie Rosette," has had bad luck in Australia. He is an ex- perienced and accomplished musician, and he was recommended to Mr. Musgrove by Sir Arthur Sullivan and Mr. W. S. Gilbert, from whom he Holds flattering testimonials. He has besides sung leading parts success- fully; ever since 1889. But his light voice and quiet- style had little chance of winning favour in an opera which has so brilliant a part for the baritone as Henry of Navarre, so that his first Australian appearance made in Perth did not show him to advantage. His second effort was made under much more disas- trous circumstances. Messrs. Moulton and Temple leased the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, to produce an opera entitled "The American Girl," and Mr. Rose was cast for the tenor part, Paul Tracey. But the piece, as the authors announce, has no plot, and the audience were soon tired of a succession of songs and dances and purposeless dialogues, so they grew impatient, noisy, and hostile. Mr. Rose bad a cold, and his spoken lines were not what the audience -desired. The Argus speaks well of him personally ; the Age suggests he bad stage fright. But the unlucky artist writes to the last-named paper saying that the failure of the piece "meant his utter ruin" and adducing ample proofs of his past good service.. Whereupon the Age in a sympathetic addendum to his letter prophesies better things fer him, and bids him cheer up. Rather! The man who-could make a successful debut in the lachrymose, colour-. less, lead- soldier part of Van-Sang, as he was .persistently -dubbed on the Perth stage, has not been born, and the fact that "The American Girl" was written and composed by local people was a heavy handicap in the judgment of a Melbourne audience. And the Argus, which knows what it is talking about, declares that there is very good material in both the music and the libretto-but both badly handled, consequently Messrs. Temple, Moulton, and Hose may all look up and do better next time. A first- night failure in Melbourne does not always mean defeat. Apparently Madame Alva, the new soprano brought to Australia by John Lemmone, a flautist heard here some time ago, is A singer of the first rank. She was highly spoken of in Melbourne, and in Sydney she is hailed as a pure soprano dramatico. One critic (Sydney Morning Herald) declares that she has "a glorious voice in all the glowing richness of its first maturity" —a judgment expressed in lovely English, to say the least of it. Another (Sunday Times) compares her with a variety of singers, including Catherine Hayes (1854), " Carolotti " (sic) Patti, and other distinguished vocalists, and insists that her "splendid vocal ful- ness," intense dramatic force, and other gifts, endow her with supremacy. So be it, and soon may she come here. A singer who surpasses Catherine Haves, Anna Bishop, and Ilma di Muraka will be worth any admission fee her managers may demand. A great success has been scored by the Poluskis at the-Sydney Rivoli. These are two brothers who appear in a skit called "Late On Parade." They are credited with " the. charm of originality !" No wonder they were recalled several times. Fancy " originality " in a variety show ! Sims Reeves, who was born, according to the registrar, on January 18, 1818, is to be benefited and banqueted in the London he has served so well. He is hard up. Stage money is fairy money, which turns to dead leaves the day after it is obtained. Witness the ghost of the famous John Baldwin Buckstone author of the everlasting ''Green Bushes," who died in 1879 in the Dramatic College (almshouse) he himself had founded twenty years before. Nicolini left his whole estate-nearly £50,000-to Adelina Patti, from whom he received it. Fanny Wentworth, who appeared at the Theatre Royal last year, is flourishing at the Orpheum in San Francisco. Pattie Browne, who is doing well in Sydney in "The Little Minister," gave herself away-as a woman seldom does- to an interviewer. . " I made my first appearance at the Theatre Royal, Mel- bourne, three weeks before I was thirteen, when Maggie Moore and Williamson," etc., etc.-June, 1874! Who would have thought it ? The first the present scribe saw of the bewitching Pattie was as a pretty page in "Estrella," at the old Princess's, in Melbourne, about 1884. Percy Ward writes to say that Maggie Moore and H. R. Roberts are delighted with the warm welcome and friendly treatment they received " in Western Australia. Wilson Barrett has been presented with a cameo ring supposed to bc one thousand years old. The donor is said to be an actor. A London paper, cruelly suggests that the carver was a contemporary. This is a ^cruel exaggeration. Mr. Wilson Barrett informed a Sydney interviewer that he would be 41 in March (last), and as he appeared in London, at Drury Lane Theatre, in 1869, in an important part in " Les Miserables " (" Man with two Lives," by Bayle Bernard) there is no doubt of his accuracy. No Drury Lane management over entrusted a leading part to a man of 971 years of age, but a boy of twelve-as Mr. Barrett must have been in 1869-who had already had a theatre built for him, and had been married a few years to a famous actress-would of course exactly suit. Maud Jeffries, who did not leave Aus- tralia with the Barrett Company, started from Sydney for San Francisco on Satur- day, July. 16. When Maggie Moore and Harry Roberts were playing at the Boulder they had* to borrow forms from the Church of Eng- land to seat the audience. The forms were willingly lent. During the run «Ï " The White Heather," at Drury Lane Theatre ; (London), the lucky management received .£40,000 for ninety-two performances, an average of £434 16s. for each representation, and netted a profit of £18,000. This play has just been" successfully produced at the Theatre Roval Sydney, by Bland Helt. whom we . may expect, if aU goes well, to see in Western Australia next year. Sir Henry Irving is to be made LL.D., by the Univereity of Cambridge. 