HERE AND THERE. (i; WAN DEREiR.) The litt:e town of Issoudun, in France, has a Captain Bushby of. its own, who has been led to the altar, or rather to the registry, by a local AMrs M'Stinger. The Frenchman, it seems, is a widower, and he presented himself at the mayoral chambers, in company with a widow, for the purpose of being married. When asked, however, whether he would take the woinan for his wife, to everybody's surprise he said emphatically, " No; I .was too unhappy in my first marriage to wish to begin again." Comb, come," said the Mayor, " you should have thought of all that before you came hero. You must have known what you were doing." But it was no use. "It is never too late to avoid doing a foolish thing,": said the bridegroom, and so saying he put on Iis hat and rushed out of theplaco. A strange scene was then witnessed. The whole wedding party, with the bride at their head, ran after him through thie streets of the town, amidst the jeers of the passers by. The fugitive was run to earth at last and brought back in 'triumph by the ladies, who showed by her manner that she was not to be baulked of her prey. :.,The wretched' man, now thoroughly cowed;,went through' the ceremony as meekly as a lamb. Loud cheers greeted I.tlie .nowly wedded couple as they reiappeared on their way ti the reitaurAnt -where the wedding breakfast was beig p epared. . Thliirb?o?T'ihss' has techn tl.the following'touchin"g story of aniimalnde votion by a Gippsland settler. ...When making for safety in company with his family, the settler saw a mare coming through the flames at a dahngerous spot, making frantic efforts to induce her foal to gallop with her from the fire She would run a little way, trying to coax the foal to follow, but the little animal was already almost exhausted and rofused to move. - Then the frantic mother returned and endeavored to push her young one along with her head. Looking back, the last the settler saw of the mare, was standing in the. fiercly blazing bush with her nose down to lier prostrate foal, suffer ing a veritable martyrdom. At a recent meeting of spiritualists, a slender, .pale- faced little woman in mourning : attended, and. confidingly whispered to -the medium that she would like to see' her deceased hus band. She was overjoyed to learn that .William was on hand when wanted for the first time since she had known him-and, when a few minutes later a shadowy form appeared in the cabinet. she trembled with mingled fear and joy. "Is that you, William I" she asked, in a faltering voice. " Yes, dearest," was the hollow. response. "This is a fraud. I don't believe .it," she exclaimad. " William would liave said, ' Who the blazes 'do you think it is 2' " A well-known Melbourne. merchant hlas been known to remark that his present ,position is almost wholly due to a new hat. He was literally "'on the rocks" when he applied: to a certain firm for work. His application was promptly refused, and if hie had not just at that moment happened to meet a friend there is no knowidg how the matter would have ended. His hat was very far gone, though his dusty clothes were passable. The friend urged the purchase of a hat and the ..application of a clothes brush. The purchase exhausted all his cash in hand. I3efore tiyni hiMs luck elsewhere he Sr'eturned late in thi dajito the frm -swhichs l'- had already declined his services. In his smartened attire he was not even recognised; they took him on, and within twenty-four hours lie was on the road to prosperity. iMen have a natural horror of "shop ping" at its best; but send one of them to "match shades," and he shrinks from the ordeal like Macbeth from a ghost. "I. have come here, sir," said an angry man to the managing director of the tramway company,"to getjustice. Yesterday as my wife was getting off one of your trams the conductor stepped on her'dress and tore off a yard 'of it." "Well, sir," calmly replied the direc tor. "I don't know that we are to blame for that. What do you expect us to do-get her a new dress ". ' No, sir !" grimly replied the other, biandish ing in his right' hliad a small piece .of cloth. "No, sir! I dd'not! What I propose to have.you do'is: to hlp' me to match-this cloth !" . . 