Ladies Letter from. Paris. : . ' . . : . Acril 16. . Joy makes fear; On EostorSanday a tragedy took place that, in its general lines; recalls De Musset's "Frederie et.Bernevetto." It is also an illustration' of. our, present out- of-joint times ; one of . .those ane'odptes .-which are best fitted to write hiBtor'aoo'ording to Merimee. Luoio was a workgirl, a!ged IS, ' very pretty and very ' oorrpet. " She. was beloved by , a young ar'tiskh', aged : 22; they wore not rioh,-. but . as. happy as turtle doves could bo. They, .passed '-the day nonr Montmorency, gathoring primroses and violets iii the woods. Her lover had pre sented her with a two sous ! bouquet 'of violets for her corsage wlieii leaving ' Paris-.for the suburb. In tho evening ho saw her home, as blithe and as liappy us mortal e'ould ; lje. In the morning sho was dead ; she eoirimitted " snioide by charcoal fumes in her litfle room. She left a note stating sho "dreaded to live," had the "disease of life."' Whjf not die in the fullest mompnt of' your happiness, before existence becomes olouded, and its burdens and pains, its infirmities aud. ; wrinkles, wreck you ? 8he illustratod her ; buttorfly philosophy and (lied; , .' .' Paris has apsychio sooiety, open to members of both sexes. Its objeot is to divine the unknown, to read the future, and describe -the -1 state of souls. It wis. largely supported by olergymeh. Very serious quarrels ahd.dis- . putcs aroso concerning spoofs, ' ghosts/ to., , and, to end the turbulenoo, the ' Cardinal . .. Arehhishop of Paris ordered his clergy to quit tlio society. It is only unothor oxamplo of tho topsy-turvy state of opinions. Some letters of Bnlzau havo appeared, iu one of _ which ho describes his visit to George : Sand in 1338, at her residence of Nohunt. He arrived after 7 o'oloolc tho Saturday ': preceding Lent. ' George Sand was in her dressing-gown, smoking a ; oigur after her dinner, near' tho ooriier of tho fire, in a vast, room, and alone. She wore fancy slippers, pretty hose, and red cloth pantiiloons. She had a double ohm,- like a doun ; though sufforing from a'lond of grief, she had not u wliito hair ; her features wore ' dull, but all hor character seemed to ba con centrated in her eyes. It wiis hor custom ta go to hod at 6 o'clock in the morning and rise ; at noon. Balzac, when at homo, went to bed at 6 iu the evening mid got up at midnight. For thrco consecutive days tho visitor anil his hostess discussed tmirringo and liberty ifrora 5 in tho afternoon of eueh day till 5 the ncxtmorning. Bulzuu saya sho was an excellont mother ; she had quitted hor.sex, and became a': man — as it was her wish to bo one. She dressed as a man, and "taught her daughter, Solauge, to wear masculine apparel. She had a profound contempt for the public. ' ' A movement is on foot to.tryaridrcstoro tho ancient family life in Fraube, -whore the mansion was -a patriarohai . -shelter. Now all is changed. Mothera oommence to euro less and less - to havo children ; they interfere with . tho pleasures ol society , a good nurse, or a residenoo near a. sanitary dairy is for many the ono thing- needful. But unother plague Bpot romuins to indicate that even when "a youug lady has a .fortuno she does not find tho gentleman she: desires to wed at all anxious for a union.' "Moralists assert that all this is due to the looseness of religious ideas abroad. However, the churches never were so crowded — with the fair sex — and on tho other hand liever wore men more profoundly indifferent to religion. Tho, thirst, the rage to gain money, and to expend itis absorbing the whole nature of both sexes. The most notorious proof is the ! malady, the plague, of betting upon horse- . raoing. Cookery". Bouillon Gras.— A capital rioh soup and an oxcellentstook. Select acoUopof beefor apieeo of the thigh or the breast. For every' 2J lbs. of beef, pour into an eartbon pot. I J quart of water, heat overs mild fire niid remove scum, then add salt nnd oarrots, leeks, turnips, &o.f; according to taste, also a burnt onion.to givo - colour ; boil 6 to 7 honrs over a slow fire ; - i-finovo fat, and strain through a straiuer aud serve. Deux Sauoos. — Au Beutro noir: For eggs and fish espeitially. Fry some sprigs of paraloy in some browned batter, poqr upon a . dish, add a little, vinegar, salt, pepper, and ' heat all immediately in the same pan. Sauce Piqunnto .- Molt in a saucepan a- morsel of butter with Bait, pepper, a bouqhet of fino herbs, and minoed eschalots. IV hen all have taken a good colour add flour, wet -with stook - and vinogar, and boil over a slow fire for? 16 minutes; remove grouse, straiu, season -with salt and conrso popper, and, '16 desired, add somo sliced gherkins before serving. . \- Champignons. — Remove skin, out the mush rooms in two or four jiarts. plaoing them in vinogar and water : drain, place tho- mush- roonis in a. saucepun with some fresh butter, salt, pepper, and fine ' herbs ; cook "for 15 minutes, white shaking contents, and sorvs very hot. . 1 Foie de Voau Saute.— Calf's liver is a great dolieaoy in -France, and sheep's liver is -ra- jected. - -Cut the liver. in slendor. slio'es after, having removed all the nerves,- iind place the slices salted and peppered in n pan with butter melted in udvanco. - When partly , browned,, turn thd slices, continue the cooking of tha otlior side, add a glass of whitq wine, mix well, range the outlets of liver in a dish, . and ,pouv the sauce ovor them. : 