THE, LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. CURIOUS stories are told about tho powers po sossed by certain natives of India, who live i among the Himalaya mountains. These old mt it is said, have devoted scores of years to tl study of natural laws and forces,-which the re of tho world knows nothing about. Lately German professor visited the adepts," as thei queer Hindus are called, for the purpose ( finding out the secret of their remarkable porforn anees. They treated him rather scurvily, but ii terested him all the same. One day the pn fessor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskr manuscripts. An adept went with him to a ca\ wherein the hooks were-kept. The place was £ clark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, hore," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the rcpl^ and immediately (the professor says) a sof pearly light brightened the cave. Ho could nc tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had on strange quality-it cast not the slighest shndow. This a story hard to behove, yet its truth i affirmed by a man of vast learning and hig charactei, and you who now read it have no reaso for doubt except that all the lights you have see have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief oominonl, runs parallel with one's own experience. Di Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbo earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Gook Lan ghost. A man who has been ill for 3'ears, and failed t find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of medicine which they believe will make him well What else but doubt could result from hi experience ? Take an example : " In the spring of 1888," writes our correspon dent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid statt I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first m; stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, anc after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. ! . was much troubled with wind, and froquentlj .spat np a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on '. suffered from nervousness and great depression 0: spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Oil: and on 1 continued ir this way for two years, nothing that I took re lieving me. At last 1 heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taker only a few doses I found relief: ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me, Although I had no reason at first to feel any con- fidence in this medicine, never having used it ot seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem ito duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. .Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 1 iii, Hockley Hill, Birming- ham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between-Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter univ be true enough, but it cannot bo verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address; Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative'Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symp- toms, forms, or phases of that universal disease indigestion and dyspepsia:; it cures that, and throws the light; of . health and happiness over .hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe ali that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 