BABTT. [By E. Y. Rutan.] The school year was nearing its close. Only a few hot, heavy days remained ; and this day, too, was drawing to a close. The bands of the clock pointed to half-past 3. Teacher, wise beyond her three-and-twenty years, recog nised that the limit of her patience had been reached. She closed her geography, released from the blackboard the boy who was hope lessly scratching the pointer over the map of Asia iu vain search for the Yang-tse-Kiang, and said : 'Your first recitation to-morrow will be sec tion one of the questions on the map of Africa. I wish every boy to devote ' himself to study between now and 4 o'clock. Any communica tion will be punished by detention, after BobooL' . ' . When Eddy Bryant's head sank on his deBk and his labored breathing was heard through out the room; when five-and- forty pairs of eyes looked more of ten at the big clock than at the map of ' Africa. Teacher s own eyes kept steadfastly on her book. It may have been that Teaoher herself was well on the way to join Eddy Bryant in the happy land of Nod, Certain it is that she was unconscious that the forty-five pairs of eyes turned suddenly ' away from the big dock, which was not in the direction of Africa. A snicker from Eddy Bryant, who had returned to the world much refreshed by his journey, startled her. In that unlucky moment of unconsciousness Teaoher had lost her grip upon her nerves, and when ib booame plain to her that Barty Groean was offender^ ln-ohief her voioe quivered with indignation. BartyGrogan was head boy and 'Teacher's pet.', For 10 months he had been herdevoted slave and the model pupil to be depended up$h in all emergenoies. ButiBartya turn iia&, oome now, and f or . $he other pupils {even the big clock had no attractiohs compared with, t)iM interesting omis, ''Barty Grogan t' rang out Teacher's voicat ' take yonr foot off your desk immediately !' Barty's foot remained upon the desk-top; the schoolroom bristled with interert. Teaohet was at her wifs end. . . She had heard of this stubbornness in Barty. There was a tradition in the neighborhood that he had onoe spent the night in a doorway, to which he had ohased Eddy Bryant for ' last tag,' rather than leave defeated. She had * heard other tales of Barty's obstinacy ; occa sionally she had felt that only tactful' manage- ? ment on her own part had spared her from collisions with it. She had, however, been victorious for 10 months, in which time Barty had been unto her a very squire of dames. And now it had come to this !' 'Barty Grogan;' began Teacher again, 'take your foot off your desk or leave the room.' When Barty was 'set' he was, indeed, im pervious to every known ncode of discipline. — He could be reached only at one point, and Teacher's last command had touched this. To the bewilderment of his compeers and to Teacher's almost dismayed satisfaction, th* ragged boot and indesoribable stocking were removed from her view, and Barty, atrain him* self, sat erect aud smiling in his seat. Hia lips were seen to move, and a low chuckle escaped him. The end of the battle had not come for Teacher. 'Barty Grogan, no communicating ! Repeat aloud what you said to yourself.' r 'I said I don't know how I could leave the room without taking my foot off ot the desk.' . The hands of the big clock clicked as they reached the hour. The great school gong Bounded through every corner of the square brick building. There was an instant of con flict between normal-school discipline and Teacher herself. She laughed; the fiveand forty urchins laughed. ' Boys,' said Teacher, ' we're all glad school's over for to-day. First row rise, file into the coat-room and down-stairs in line.' The big brick building swarmed in every story with lines of boys, orderly as to the outward man, but full of restless energy within. As each boy reached the stone steps outside, the inevitable explosion took place. Some whooped with the energy of Indians in their native, wilds ; some leaped the length of the steps, and one and all assisted those in front of them to hasten their descent. Behind Barty slouched John York, a sullen, hulking fellow, whose seat in class had beep as unchanging as Barty's own, but diametri cally across the schoolroom. His heavy face indicated lack of what was fine rather than positive viciousness. As Barty lingered on the top step, swinging his arms, blocking the way, and declaiming : — 'One to make ready, two to prepare, three to go slam-bang right—' John York kicked' him from behind, and Barty plunged forward among the boys below. His fall upon the pavement was broken, and in an iustant he was on his feet with face full of pain aud rage. 'Til pay you for that !' he shouted ; then he tottered and fell. Instantly the dispersing crowd surrounded him. 'I'm all right, fellows,' he said, in a be wildered stammer, raising himself on his elbow. ' Just get out of the way and let me—' and this time Barty's fa#e turned white, and he sank upon the bricks a limp little heap. 'Here's the cop; cheese it, cheese it!' passed among the crowd, and some of the boys fled, as red-faced Policeman Burke strode to ward the steps. Carefully he lifted Barty in his arms, and escorted by a little crowd of boys, carried him towards the main thorough fare where lay tbe little lad's home. 'Poor little feller. Poor little feller !' over and over said big Policeman Burke. ' Who did it, boys ? Jest let me catch him.' And the excited boys repeated, 'Who did it?' ''Twas Eddy Bryant. I saw him come downstairs just behind Bart}'.' ''Twasn't me, neither,' shouted outraged Eddy Bryant. 'Barty tumbled right down on top of me and knocked my cap off ;' and Eddy displayed his visorless baseball C£p as proof of liia innocence. ''Twas one of the fellers that ran when the cop came,' volunteered another of the boys. '' You might know he wouldn't stay. 'Twas a mean trick, anyhow.' Aud theyj6fcopped at the door of the tall tenement whose front attic was the home of Barty and his widowed mother. ' I know where the key is,' volunteered Eddy Bryant, and with this knowledge as his warrant he accompanied the officer and his ' unconscious little burdeu up the long and narrow flights of stairs. From under the mat Eddy drew the key, unlocked the door, and pre ceded Policeman Burke into the empty room. The afternoon sun streamed through the windows and lay in patches on the bare floor, where the shadows of the geraniums upon the sills were stirring with the light breeze tbat had sprung up. Mary Grogan had done her best to make a home for her boy. - The room was bare, but it was clean. Flowering plants grew in the windows ; a white bed faced the door. With wonderful thoughtfulness Eddy Bryant stripped back the white covering of the bed. 'She thinks a lot of that,' he said. 'Barty told me so. Tht- lady she lived with before . she was married gave it to her. Barty thinks a lot of it, too, and they never sit on the bed like we do.' Policeman Burke laid the limp, little figure on the sheets. 'Where's bis mother?' he asked, as he straightened up and looked about the room. 'I don't know,' said Eddy. 'I guess . nobody knows. She don't talk much to folks.rf Mary Grogan returned from her long day of toil to find her peaceful room a scene of confusion and her boy a moaning little figure, stretohed on the white bed of which they wore so proud. Not all the efforts of the doctor and . the young parish olergyman had availed to keep the room free from kindly-curious . neighbors; but this grief-stricken mother waa beyond their understanding, and one by one they slipped away. . , A woman of few words at any time, she now stood beside her boy, and in a dull, hard tone eaid, ' Who did it ? Who hurt Barty J' Thep, -. dropping beside the bed, she shook with paroxysms of grief, uttering one low wail after another. The clergyman touched her on the shoulder, f Mrs. Grogan,' he said, ' you must be brave; Barty must have good care, and the doctor will do his best for him,' . ? The appeal to her desire for Barty's com fort brought baok .the poor sours ca,lni Mechanically she rose and went about under , the dootor's directions. They gave her no hope for the little lad from the first; but it was for his comfort she had worked . for eleven yeara, and for hiB comfort Bhe again took up the . . burden. '?.-?. '- ; There were a few days of moaninjr delirium, and then one morninjr.Barty gave his intrthW: apitifullittlesmile. 'Don't mindma,'he-rhi8. .. pared. 'I won't) soli the sprawl'! 'mfflm^ tried to hold out * jfftBk Iitflehand, WWRs it had never beentetore ^ee^arty»f^WBs Over and over in thfe^pob^tnotheAiiand^, been turning the queBtipns, VWJbp^^t? . Who hurt Bariy.r Alter this ^mi#y*-& Boipusness' from her:.bojp*n» .ooula how wet , :.: 4ntb«ii6onBCioi«neiM»gaut ^:0m^^^^^f: 'jsuoh hasi^eanher had^seon thal,^fco-^Wp^-| : titfmifirjh^ fend )»if head settled back into the piUn't, & -i .^;; Each attempt on the poor mother's part brought the same result, and at last Mary Grogan realised that tho little white boy who lay on the white bed was in very truth her Barty, for she knew that he was 'set. ihe conviction that Barty would not tell produced .in almost frantic desire to know 'who did it. A day or two more passed, and the old black pocket-book beneath the mattress grew very thin. Barty did not suffer, except from tho summer heat and the weakness of ebbing life. Tho dispensary doctor came of ton, and the parish clergyman every day. So Alary Grogan went back to her toil, and the neigh bor from tlio rear attic came twice a day to supply Barty with fresh water and the food he could not e:it. Eiioh day the mother's misery grew greater, and each night brought the old, imploring question, 'Who did it, Barty? Tell ma who did/' Each day the little figure on tho white bed grew frailer; each hour the white face on the pillow bore less and less likeness to merry, rosy Barty of the brick schoolhouse ; but each night the mouth took on its old, firm set, and the eyes stared fur away into the distance, beyond his mother's pleading face. The young1 clergyman knew, and that was a comfort to Bartv. (Sometimes, when the day was less hoi or the uwful weakness of the ebbing life scorned to drag less upon him, Barty would talk tho matter over with thu clergyman. ' You see, X ain't going1 to tell because ho didn't menu to hurt me. 'Twun't do ma any pood to know. (Shu'd just jaw him, and the fellows would, too, and ho never meant it.' Tho young clergyman did not try to shake his resolution. Burty's 'sc.lui'ss' came to have a sacrednets and a fiignilieanco for him tliat would last through nil thu years of ser vice stretching befoiu him. Perhaps it was because ho kn-jw, and his own mind was free to observe oi!ilt=, that there was rovouled to him at J Party's b'jil^idu the utter futility of cir we;ik humnu dosirc j for retribution, tuu! the h;;u.uiy and blessedness j of Barty \s uucgii.scIou; course of leaving it all vitli God. Before school cruet! Teacnor camo to say a long good-live to her failhful liillo squire. I Barty's ryes had ;\ b;t of the old twinkle as lie I Baid, ' 1 'li5.il to t.ikc my foot o(F the deck, ! didn't I, Teacher ?'?' ; Thiui ho quurieil fBfbly, ''Am I going toget . double prmuolioii, Teacher?' ' 'Yes,' said Teacher, with her eyes full of! tears, 'and a,l! tlio boy^ will bo pryinoted, ' Barty, except John York.'' j Bai'ty seemed to gruw more feeble after this j and teacher loolc her Juave, jjutting her face | down close to tho white cheek of the little lad I eo .soon to be ' promoted.' The thought of the boy who was not to be promoted haunted Barty's mind in the wakeful hours of the night, and oppressed him with a ploom that his own double promotion could not dispul. To be. 'kept buck' was a fate more bitter than ho felt any boy deserved. Before his mother left the room next morn ing he asked, with more tagerm-ss than she had Been for days, '.'.fa, can one of ihu fellows come to sec mo to-day V' Mrs. Grogan looked doubtful. 'The fel lows' represented to her mind thu great warring powers of evil that encompassed Baity round about. But the ea^er look on his face was not to be refused. 'Who do you want1:' she said, doubtfully ; 'Eddy Bryant 'i' 'So,' answered B.-irty, .slowly; 'I want John York.' 'Oh Baity, don't plague ma now. You don't want that great, rough fellow. You didn't ever think anything of him.' 'I want to see -John York,' repeated Barty, feebly, and his faint little voice had a familiar ring of determination that was like a ghost of tho past. Mrs. (irognn fastened her bonnet, kissed her boy and lelt the room, locking the duor from tho outside and placing the key beneath the torn njftt, from which hiding-place tha doctor, the minister, nnd thu neighbor from the back attic were accustomed to draw it. Barty lay back content, ami dozed and waited. . Late in the afu moon he was roused from his light slumber Ijy the opening of tho door. In the doorway stood a suii'ii-looking boy, who leaned heavily against the door-j;mib, as if seeking a moral support that his hulking body failed to provide. The two looked at each other in siience for tho instant in which consciousness was return- 1 ing to Barty. John York had been brought thither by a power not his own — fear to disobey the com mand of the woman with tho hard, ajumised lace who had sought him that morning — fear also of the awful tiling that iio had done, the awful consequences of which his dull brain dared not try to (irasp. All his life every man's hand had been against him, a'nd he slouched through each day and month and year in dul), unreasoning hatred of his kind. Cuffed by his father, scolded and ridiculed by his teacher, shunned by the boys, he had unconsciously fortified himself against the world by increasing his indifference and in sensibility to its blows. But during this last fortnight, even his tluggish soul was stirred by the ancry dis cussion of his schoolmates as to who was the coward who had hurt Barty Grogan. That very morning Teacher, with tears fall ing down her cheeks, had told the olass about poor, white little Barty, lying on his white bed, never again to join them in their sport9. 'Boys,' she said, 'you all want to be men. True men are never cruel. When people are cruel and brutal and wantonly injure others, they are not men and women at all, but cowards and brutes. ' God tells every one of you that he has got to study hard to learn to be a true man; That isifoo only way to save this world from dread ful things— by every boy learning to be a true man, and not cowardly and brutal. The last morning Barty was in school I wrote on the board for the day's verse : — Evil is wrought by want of thought Far more than by want of heart Say it over for me, all together, boys.' And with solemn faces the four-and -forty urchins repeated the lines. All this was slowly, dully revolving in John York's mind as he stood staring at the' little white boy lying on the white bed, just as Teacher hadjtold them. 'Hullo, John,' said Barty, 'I'm glad you've come. Shut the door.' John closed tho door awkwardly and . slouched toward the white bed, his heavy face full of dull, soared misery. 'Say, John.' began Barty, ' I knew you kicked me, and I wanted to see you and tell you I'm never going to tell, and you mustn't let on either. I knew you didn't mean to hurt me, and I haven't told anybody, and I'm not going to.' ? ?' ? At last the sluggish soul was stirred to its depths. John dropped By the white bed, buried his shaggy head in the 'sheet, and Bobbed \- tilLBafty cried in sympathy. I To Bartyi however, the explanation of 1 John's atief lay in the terrible disgrace ot tying 'kept back.' : ' Bori't ' 'sou mind, John,' he consoled. 'TeacberVawful nice. ' I wouldn't mind so much if I was kept back in her room, She's awful pretty. Perhaps they'll promote you in February.',- '...;?? . ; .;. '? i' raph't triind about that,' choked ' John. .. 'They don't never pro'mote. me often. But .7 :??'- I'dori't mean tor-' and his teacher's words ., forced themselves baok into the dull brain, 'I : didnHmean to bebm(,al toyou.' ??'?'???; ; Barty, ill as ho was, was impressed, even as the boys had been, by this new word, and his attempts at comfort were redoubled. 'Y'ou weren't brutal,' ho said. 'That's when men kick horses. You didn't mean to hurt me. I always knew you didn't mean any thing but fun, and that's why I won't tell on. you. 'Taint as bad as you think.' But John could not be comforted. 'I aint been brought up well. Teacher told me I aint, one day. Nobody don't look after me any, and, add — ' here his head lifted nnd his eyes surveyed the white bed which Mary Grogan toiled to keep fresh for her boy, 'and nobody don't make my bed,' he groaned, letting his head grovel in the sheets once more. To bo 'kept back' was indeed hard, and to have nobody make his bed ! Why, liavty had never known what it»was to live without that white bed, sacredly guarded through the day, into which lie had been cosily tucked every night of his lj^ To him it was sign and symbol of all tha^'as pleasant, all that was ambitious. And now, in his loneliness and weakness, ho sometimes felt almost a privileged character because he could lie in the white bed all day. And John had nobody to make his bed, and perhaps his bed wasn't white at all. Barty was crowing very weary now. He gave John's shaggy head a little pat. ' Don't you mind about me, John. I'm awful sorry about your bed. Ma'll let you come to see me. every day. I'd rather have you than Eddy Bryant. 1 Guess — ' and poor, weak little Barty was asleep. John shambled softly out of t'ne room, looked the door, and put the key beneath the mat. Thereafter no day passed throughoufc'-the hot summer that he did not visit Barty. Sometimes Barty moaned with the awful weakness of ebbinelife.. iSomelimeshcdroppt'd from one rostless nap into another, but stiJJ lie lingered on, no one could tell why. John could not talk much, and Barty could not have listened, but tho sick boy never failed to say, 'liou'lyuu mind about me,' and poor, dull .John, fur love's sake walked le:-..s heavily, and held his h^ad higher that he might better serve the little lad to whom he had been ' brutal.' Wo arc ail bought with a pno.p. Tt is an eternal principle. Who shall be bold enough to say that Barty Urogaii's life was lived wholly in vain, or that .1 oim York's soul was not worth iho great ransom given'.' Gin.1 day the young minister told Barty he would not live to play amaug the other boys a'-rn;u. Tim boy did not seem to be much impressed. He had grown too weak to care what came now, and the days were very hot and the nights very lon'_r. Sometimes it seemed to the young clergy man that the only tic; that bound him at all to lite was tlie determination to resist his mother's appeal — ' 'Tell ma who did it, Barty !' But later in the day Barty said to John, 'I want yon should bo good tu ma. and don't you ever tell her who did it. tthe'll feel awful bad when sho hnsn:t got me, and perhaps she'll like you then.' Another day and Mary Grosan did not go to work. The doctors came, and then the young minister, and the faces of both were very grave and solemn. Barty lay white and still upon his white bed. His eyes opened and fell upon his mother sitting- by the foot of the bed. Behind her stood the doctor and the clergyman, whose face was bidden in his liand. 'Mi\,' whispered Barty, 'you don't mind, do you, boeauso I didn't tell. He didn't mean to hurt w. Y'ou'll be goad to John, won't you, ma, because he hasn't got any mother — and nobody makes his bed.' And then tire little whisper stopped, and Barty got his double promotion. Boston Youth's CoMpanion. 