A GHOSTLY VISITANT. ? w— ? . i I WAS a medical student i in London, atteuding the lectures .at dear old ^-, ,-Vrs Bart's, and looking for £-= ? ^ ward to being the pos 5f^ eefiear' of a snug little L^ss^gl, Practice, which, for _i -..*--_ ?*?-. 'C^§T family reascoe, I could r. -??? ? %MMa£A almost already call my own. It wanted out a few days to Christmas, 1874, and . I intended to pass that season with an aunt in Huntingdonshire. On the 22nd I packed my bag, and in due time arrived at Gakahofct, ao my relative called her house — regarding which Mies Betsy Trotwood might have inquired, 'Wtoy Oakdhott?' — it being named on tflie lueus a non lueendio principle, as there was not an oak within a mile of it. The old lady met me in the entrance hall, and gave me an effusive greeting; so gushing was it that, although we were the best of friends, aad I could always consider her home mine, I could not help fancying there must be some .unusual - cause for the delight she evinced. After supper the. truth came out. 'Phil, dear, she said, . 'I'm more than glad to see you thns time. You know you are always welcome;- but what you don't know is that either iny ' intellect is failing me or that there is a — a 'ghost in the house! Yes; don't stop me, or I- shall break down; I know I shall. It is very, very etupid; but I can't nelp it. And O! Phil, Phil, my dear, dear boy ? ' and she.buret into a flood of tears. I made some common-place remarks to pacify ? her, wendering all the while what the deuce it could, be, and whether it was really a case of 'a bea in a bonnet' By-and-bye her 'hysterical- fit subsided, and my aunt was able to give me a rational account of her trouble. It seemed that for some nights past, after ehe had gene to sleep, she had beea awakened by some thing tugging at the bed clothes. On one occasion the eider-down quilt, and the covering next .to it, had -been actually pulled off, and had fallen on the floor. Naturally, Misa Rachel— that was her name — was very much frightened, but, nevertheless, each time ebB got up, lit her candle, and made a thorough ssarch of the room, discovering nothing, however, to explain the mystsry. Her door was fast locked and bolted on the inside, the shutters were securely closed, and there was not a crevice in the apart ment that she had not carefully explored to see if a living bird or fmii-mai had been, concealed t&ere;, but all in vain. I should state tihat my aunt, though wealthy, had only a small establishment, consisting of two elderly female servants, and. these I well knew could be entirely depended upon. They slept on the fire* floor, at the back of the house, overlooking ttte garden, and ths servants' quartera were on the story above. Ths front of the house, completely furnished should need arise, was almost always un occupied., and, owing to the peculiar eonetructiOT! of the building, the only other room at the back oh the same level as my aunt's, was the plate closet, where some hundreds of ounces of silver, most of it Antique and of great value, were stored. I tiad oftan endeavored to persuade her to deposit this at her banker's, but ehe ' ail ways objected to do so, alleging that it was one of her chief plea sures to look after the various -articles herself, and ta see that not a speck was allowed to tamiiflh their elegance. After Miss Rachael had told me her istory. I fancied I could sea clearly that no supernatural agency had been at work, and yet I was puzzled to account for the fact that her chamber had cer tainly not been entered, and that no living being had been 'lying low' in it. The elucidation of the difficulty was, I felt convinced, to be found in con nection with the plate closet, and I begged my aunt to allow me to pass the night in that retreat. After some hesitation ehe consented, and when bedtime came, I made myself as comfortable there as I. could w6ih the assistance of a sofa-chair, plenty of eggs, sx-A -a modicum of — well, not water alone. My ccily stipulation was that my aunt's door should be left unfastened. ? I must have dozed, off and on, for a couple at hours, when, I was aroused by a piercing scream; end 'Phil! Phil!' in an agonising tone, sounded hi my eara. I rushed out of the plate-room, crossed the .narrow passage which separated it from the bedchamber, and in a moment was in the latter. Ae I entered something became entagled in my legs, and I nearly fell. But. in that second, I heard a slight scuffle outside the window, and dashing open tha shutters, I caught sight of a man making tracks for the end of. the garden. I had my revolver in my hand, and fired,, bringing down tha quarry/ The shot attracted the attention of the village policeman, who happened to be close at hand, and, between us, the wounded man, who proved to be a ne'er-do-well of the locality, was safely housed. I then had time to devote attention to Miss Rachel, who, it may easily be believed, was not a little alarmed. But her satisfaction, in finding that she had neither been the victim of a mental malady, nor of a ghostly visitant, tended greatly to quiet her nerves, and she was completely re assured when we discovered how the trick had been worked. That which had caused me to stumble just in side my aunt's room turned out to be a fine, but very rigid, eteel wire, one end having been split In three, and each point bent- down and sharpened', so that au exact resemblance; of1 a bird's claw was' produced. - The window and '.shutter being not only, old-feshioned, but .old, had left .-sufficient space at the corner next to. the hinge to allow this in strument -to ? be inserted and -.pushed forward until the forked end .rested on ,flie bad clothes. A little manipulation enabled this man outside, who stood on a short .ladder, to pull, off- the: coverlet- by. means of the claw, and then quickly to disengage and with drew the wire. Of counse, directly he heard tiie sound of matches bejmg. struck inside, preparatory to the lighting of the candle, he - vanished, only, to return end repeat the operation ; on the following night. This was the substance of- the confession made by our prisoner, who alleged that it -was his design J by these means to work upon my aunt's fears that -^-os I verily believe she would have done, had not I fortunately succeeded in unravelling the mystery — she would have changed her sleeping apartment to the front of the house, when he would have bad the opportunity he desired, of gaining free -access to the back — including the plate closet. On the following morning when I went to break fast an envelope with a £10 note was in my plate.— 'St. Andrew's Gazette,' Buenos Ayres. A house built of buttons is the latest thing in architecture, and a certain French musical cele brity is building it. The walls, the ceiling, the doors, the exterior and the interior are all orna mented with buttons of every description, from the very origin of their invention up to those of the present day. Those dating from the lower Greek empire are of the most curious manufac ture, but every country has been ransacked, and some very curious specimens have been brought to light. 'Do I think tattooing is on the decline?' replied a tattooist to the query of 'To-Day.' 'Certainly not. It seems to me to become more popular every day, and I am at present under contract to go to France, Germany, and Austria in pursuance of my business. I once tattooed a whole eecrat so ciety of thirty-five members. Who they were I don't know, as I was bound to secrecy. Often people who have been tattooed come to me request ing that the marks may be eradicated. But that cannot be.' Mr. Chamberlain's house at Highbury, near Bir mingham, is now in direct telephonic communica tion with the Colonial Office. 