The Light That Oast no Shadow, Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts." as these queer Hindus are. called, tor the purpose of finding out the secret of their remark able performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day tho professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanscript manuscript an adept went with him to a cave wherein the hooks were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply", and immediately (the professor savs) a soft, pearly, light brightened tho cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a. story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learn ing and high character; and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost-. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell liim of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience 1 Take an example : — "In the Spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, "I fell into a low, weak and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eat ing I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much trouble I with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later 011 I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued iu this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving inc. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Al though I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used. I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigpl's Curative Sytup. T have. been iu the best 01 spirits. In the in'ore-u. ->f t In- suffering humanirv T U( cm it. a duty to send you Ibis testimony. (Signed) D. Giiilith-;, tailor uu 1 outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June St.li, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about, the light that cast e.o shadow. The letter may be true enough, but it cannot lie verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other Inir.d we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can he found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother -Srigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indiges tion and dyspepsia; it cures that-, and throws the light of heallh and happiness over hearths and homes whore illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why po >p!e believe til! that is told of its success by eager wil- nessess. 