YARRA GLEN PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. " Happy is the beach that has the sun shining on both sides" is an old proverb, but thrice lucky is the congregation that is favored with two sunshiny days for Its annual services and tea-meeting, when those fall In the month of September. In this respect the members of the Yarra Glen Presbyterian Church have been particularly fortunate for nntil last week they have always had Queen's weather for the aaaual reunion. San<lav list was a day oa which one heard the eft repeated •xpnwiea " It's a treat to be alive" and consequently the church was taxed to it« utmost capacity, when the Rev. .Tames Oibaoa. of West Melbourne, assisted by the Rev. J. I>tfroch. conducted tw* special services, one at three and the other at seven o clock. The reverend gentleman's reputation had preceded him; his hearers expected something sood anr) they were not disappointed. Mr Gibson is one «f the shining lights of the church who mixes in equal proportion the gentleman, the scholar, and the Christian. The union of these parts is a happy one, and the sermons delivered on Sunday were greatlv annreciated by all who had the privilege of listening to them. TRA. MEETING. When old King Sol peeped above the horizon on Monday morning and a watery looking sky w<s tinted wi»h a bright copper-cnlore-i glow that eoH ghost of a sun wrought dismay in many minds, i" It will rain" was the thought uppermost io all, ani "that will mir the success of our tea meetine. 1 ' It di<1 riin, the good soaking downp ,ur tSat gladdens the heart of the farmer and grazier, hut it di.l not interfere with the success of th" tea meeting. P esbyrerians are mad" of sterner stuft" than to be frightened awav from their annual meeting by Jupiter Pluvius and so quite 250 people partook of the good things set before them in the Recreation Hall. The moving spirits in the congregation early afoot converting the somewhat dingv p-^isiac hall into a faiiy bower bedecked with all the flowers that bloom in the spring and there are m»ny. Outside, the wind was chill and piercing, but once inside the genial warmth of the room traversed with long tables ladened with good things for both old and young -*nd the many willing hands and tireless feet that anticipated everybody's wants the cold was forgotten, and if any thoughts of it still lingered in the mind they bat served to accentuate the f eling that here, In-leed, comfort, peace and plenty could be found! From six o'clock till nearly eight there was a continual incomiug and outcoming, and the ladies who presided over the tables. Miss Darroch and Mea dames Ramsay. Herbert, Evans, Scott, Bath (2), T. Bell! Williamson and Ross, with their gentle assistants had a busy time of it. Every Presbyterian household in the district had one or more representatives present at the gatheri-a. aud Christmts Hill vied with Yarra Glen as to which should provide greater number. At eight o'clock th the re was another splendid muster in the church for the PUBLIC MEETING. Tlie church wa=s crowded to excess, and when the proceedings opened with ti'e Old Hundred, there was not even stundiiif room. The Rev. J. Darrneh presided", ai»d in presenting the annual report said : —"That progress has b-en made in eveiy department of church work, that a hopeful and loyal spirit pervaded the entire congregation, and that the concert bade fair to excel its predecessors in Christian work and faith for the Master." Mrs Downes. who had come from town, and Miss Jane Darroch sang, A sweet bred Rose" in charming style, then Mr A. R. Ebbs was called upon by the chairman and said that the familiar surroundings make him feel inclined to sermonise. (Laughter.) He had much pleasure in being present for the third time at his fellow minister's annual event, and he thought he might safely say that prosperity was ahead both as regards the season and Christian work. He desired to say a few wards on the Victoria Cross, which was first initiated by Prince Albert at the time of the Crimean War, and conferred cn those who distinguished themselves by special acts of bravery. Hie medal was of bronze and had OR It "for valour," but though intrinsically of am%U value it was practically priceless^ pod unobtainable except for some' distinguished deed; 345 had oeen awarded since the imtltutie* of the medal la 1853. After giving same instances of bew they were awarctei, Mr Ebbs thought that io this oeaatry the young people should be i reminded ef heroic actions that their spirit might be ~ quickened. Thsre ~~ was great pride attachable to the possession of the coveted V.C., but how much greater would be the reward of those who earned Chris- "t Cross. There is work, hard work to be done in the religious sphere and good earnest men are wanted to do it. (Applause.) Mrs Downes contributed The Light of the World" in her usual finished style. Miss Mams (Christmas Hill) gave a sympathetic reudition of •' The Beautiful Gift,"' and the Misses Herbert earned hearty applause for Convent Bells." while Miss. Williamson added to her reputatiou with " Jerusalem." Mr J. E. Mackey was introduced by the chairman. Mr Mackey, after some humorous remarks on the " Devil's Brigade'' as the lawyers were dubbed, said that he had been very agreeably disappointed by Mr Ebbs' short address. In these milk and water days it was refreshing to hear anyone urge his fellow men to fight in a good cause. (Applause.) The church ought in his opinion to be capable of teaching people some of the truths of everyday life. At present a clergyman had perforce 'to draw inspiration from the events of two or three thousand years ago to find the matter for his sermon. If be ventured into the domain of politics there was immediately a hubbub. This large field which was most intimately bound up with the everyday life of the people was fenced off and a notice put up that trespassers would be prosecuted (spelt persecuted). Events of the day which touched the inmos fibre of a congregation were commonly iuld to be outside a preachers ken, lv lt he thought that if a man wov.M uuiy :ace the storm the people would come round to his opinion in a very short time. He would also like to see a change in the church music, something more verile, more masculine, more martial was wanted. The present musical service had to be fought for and surely some vigorous music had emerged from these struggles. Music which would make men feel as they desired to do—like men. Mr Darroch had the welfare of his congregation socially and spiritually at heart, but in this he stood almost alone. It was beyond dispute that if a person entered any church he would find two-thirds of the congregation to consist of ladies. The men absented themselves because the church failed _ to interest them properly. Let the services be made more attractive and they would return to the fold in a very short time. (Continued appose.) Want ef space must be the excuse for abridging die latter part of the programme, which waa quite op to tbe standard of the first. Short speeches were made by Dr. Wolfendes, who averred that the church was moving ferward ii» the directions mentioned by Mr Mackey; Mr D. Brace (Heelesvilie) aad Mr Paid, L.L.B.. who graphically depicted the multifarious duties which- tbe averager country clergyman has to discharge and the diverse qualities be most possess te please exacting coa» arwratioaa. Soon were rendered by Mis Downes, " The Old Cathedral"; *'6atea of the West," Mr F. Wheeler; " Listening," Miss C. Herbert; " Home Sweet Home," Mrs Galbraith; "Sea of Glass," Misses D«rr«ch; " The Home Land," Sirs Downes, and the applause of the audiencs was the best evidence of their satisfaction. The acoompesiments were played by Misg Man-is, Mrs Galbraith and Miss Dtrroch, Mr Diwbom officiating at the organ. A callection was made during the evening, and after the usual votes of thanks were conveyed to the chairman and all who had helped, on the motion of Dr. Ki'p*trick, the proceedings terminated with the benediction. 