TURF JOTTINGS. ... At a snlo of yearlings in Dublin recontly a bay colt by Carnage was sold tor L'/Ogo. Merlcolno, Roblu Hood, nnd Prince Car blue left for Melbourne by truln last' night. The Prize, by Robinson Cruoo&— Lady Marsdon, has Gone into 'W. .Noud'u' stablo at liaiiuwlek. Tho bay horzo St. Francis has been thrown out of work, 'and in shortly to bo auded lo the list. Countosn Aberdeen, who ha3 Bhown good form In sprint races on a'fuw occasions, la shortly to ho to the stud at I'arkes. 'i rumors', Jockeys', and horae stall ticlcvu for the Iloschill meeting on Saturday next are now available, and early application la requested. Loch Leigh, looking nico and fresh after his spell, took part in two races at Moore - field, but was net in good enough condition to show any form. J. Sharpies, who rodo Herman when he won the Ccearcwl:.c:i, recently sus tained severe concussion of the brain through being thrown from a hor3e ho was riding at tho Leopsirdstown (.Irelanul mooting. A fuil brother to Gladstone, a chestnut, lu 1. Kerr'B stable, was tried over lh« schooling hurdles yesterday morning at ftauciv.'lck, and after a turn over them in Indifferent style was scut again, and jump ed in an improved m&niicr;, iievney Whalley piiuilng him. Amourette, though she has developed in to a line iueire, shows no sign of returning to her two-year-old form. As far a3 con dition gocn shij could not be much bettor than at present, but despite that her show ing In two races :it Moorefidd was Indif ferent, and her trainer must bo coaum.1:! elm; to despair of ever setting another race out -of her. lAiuri. winner of the two-year-old race at iMcnreiicld, lo a stoutly-ijullt bay colt b/ Uc-lAcbrough from Equation, and cost Mi\ W. Kclso lOOgs. at tlic sale of tho Toc-.il yearlings. Lr.uri is a naif-brother to Lus ter, who won a fow races In .Melbourne ln«t year, and was a fair maru «s- to a rail-:, l-aurt promises to develop into a good stamp cf horse, and 'should do good service for Urvillo l^odge in the future. Mishap's runntiiR on Saturday wan scarce!:.' good enough, to cause him to be made favorite, for the Later Handicap at .Moorrtidil on Monday, especially as he w.vj meeting both Thrift iuul Comb on the same terms as on the first (lay of the meotiuf;. As it Uiraed out, he did nol shape as well as on the first occasion, as though ho hel.l n fair position al tho bend, he was unabl.i to coma on. and was a long way out of it at. tho liniih. P. Nolan bad a turn of luck In Mel bourne, but his good fortune appears to 'nave deserted bim since his -return from the South. lie lO3t Iron Duke through In iurks received at. Itoschlil, — ^o fell In the Steeplechase at Randwlck, aud on Sa turday last, al I.ioareueld, Infanta, who \v«-.s reckoned to bavc an excellent chance of winning the l-lurdlo Race, came to Eliot just wiicn cho hud gone up second, about live furlongs from home. Somo of our trainers arc particularly lucky in connection with . 'irweep' races, and T. M'Cnrtliy Is ono of tho number. It i3 only a few days ago that ho leased Feu do-.loia from Mr. G. Osbornc, and at the first time of nskir.R tho mare has won him a i-aco, and a nicu bit of sweep-money with it. M. Harris rode her with beautiful judg ment in Monday's race, and won cleverly .it -he end. V'cu- rtc-Joio is only a'ponv being very little higher than Fltzroy, and Mio latter has all the beat of It as regards other measurements. The rase meeting held at Newcastle the other cir.y returned a prollt of £100, and in future It is moro than likely that tho prin cipal races hi the coally city will be held during the week, when there are no counter attractions in tho metropolis. At first It was thought that a race meeting on a Thursday would result in a loss, but tho correspondent) that the experiment has been more than successful, as evidenced by lho unnroccdentedly large attendance of metropolitan sportsmen. The club Is now In a very healthy condition financially, and several much-needed improvements to the courau oro in contemplation. One of the best-looking horses that took part at the Mooronc'ld meeting was the Cl i rence Itiver performer Truant, who is by Playboy from Miss Gladstone. Ho ran bad ly In tho Welter Handicap on Saturday, and wis not at all prominent In tho Eight-hour Handicap on Monday, but later on Ih tho afternoon made a very respectable showing In the Workman's Handicap, coming with a rattle over tho last furlong and finishing about fifth. His running suggests that ho is short of work, nnd as his three rac-:3 way havo the effect of bringing him on considerably, it is moro than probable that ho will pick up a raco within the next fo-.v weeks. First Consul, who Is by Correzo from Leglo, jumped back when the barrier went up at tho start for tho two-year-old raco a.t Moorellcld, loelng several lengths thereby, and rendering his chance or winning hope less. IIo made up so much ground, how over, that ho would undouotedly have nnan very handy at the finish if he had got away fairly. His owner, Mr. W. Crick, being ot opinion that the starter was to blaino for tho goldlng's failure to get off on terms with tho others, lodged a complaint against Mr I Hogcrty, which, however, tho com mittee very rightly dismissed, as It was patent lo the majority of. the onlookors that the youngster was sivun uiu hiuo chance at tho start as the .other competi tors, but was apparently scared by the ris ing barrier. ? ^ Mr. It. Wonttcn, tho woll-known metro politan horse-owner, had a ileld-day at Nowcastlo on Thursday last (writes our local correspondent). It waa gonorally hint ed that tho metropolitan horses had a big look in for at least threo ot lho events on tho card, but it catno as a sort of surprise when Mr. Wootlen landed four out of the llvo races. Unfortunately, however, Croc kett, who had the mount on Corrlo Roy In lho big race, ran Inside a post just nt the turn and Garland, tho rider of Ardcn (who finished second), lodging a protest, lho commltloe, after Inspecting tho spot. Indi cated, had no other option but to awn.nl tho raco lo the other Sydney pony. Tho deci sion marto a considerable difference to Mr. Woollen, who backed his mnro to win iC-lOO. It was alleged Unit Ardcn followed Corrio Itoy, but the owner of Standard (the llilrfl horse), eaino too litlo with his protest, and tlio committee could not entertain it. H Is now proposod to rail off this portion of tho eourso tin uu to avoid mistakes on tho parl of strange, jockoys In the future. Bona Vista (dam of Protos. and Doll wood) and La CIgalc ata this season to bo malod with Tho slmmur, tho recuntlylm porlcd St. Simon stallion. . Blockings (Hamlet's Ghost — Mlsa Twist) fell In' lho steeplechase nt S.A. Tattorsull'a Meeting at Adelaide on Saturday, and was no badly Injured that ho had to bo shot. At the A.J.C. Committee meeting last week ten bookmakers' clerks, who hud acted as clerks at pony meeting:! slnco Uio now ;roEulatlons came luto. torco, were struck off the registered list. Brokon Hill, who won llio Australian Cup In 1S!M, Is making a iscou start nil a sire, 'X'urloeh, ono of his progeny, winning tho Juvenile Hanuicap ntV&A.;' Tattcrsall's on Saturday. '?,','. Kallngo Rusnlcy— Lallah Uookh), who ran second to Laurl lu lho Moorellcld two ytnr-uld race, was sold for u&ga; as a year ling, and Biuo and Gold (Australian Peer— Colura), who ran third, for DOgu. Tho hlg:i oot- prieed youiigsteru In tho Held wero Tom J'ayteu'o two, inuzatlnu (Abcreorn — Tempo) and Dewcy (Luchicl — Dona), v,'ho cost 400gs and oOOgs respectively. Tho groat American pacer, Star Pointer, is in good form this Reason, and at Joliei. 111., on August IS, again got Inside 2mm for a mile, his time being lmln Sfiieec, with a urceiu nsainst mm for tlio creator part of tho Journey. American exchanges state that there Is a. probability of Star 1'oiator. John It. Gentry and Joe i'atchen being taken to Eusiamt for exhibition purposes. Tho Kogarah trainer, .1. A. Saunders, ha« received an addition to his string in tbo shape of three two-ycar-cld lilliei;, whica recently arrived from Dcnnmu. Ono is a chestnut by Golrtsbrough from La Grippe, consequently ? full r.lstcr to lnllueni:a; auother is a bay hy Albalroacs from Dolly Vardcn; and tho third la a brown by In vader from Woful. Tho American sporUinan 'Lucky' Bald win, H in said, Is now oneo more basking lii tho sunshlaa of prosperity, several for tunate (ialr.it lo English Kyndicn.tcs of his properties in Uio '?ar V?cst having enabled him to clear away a largo portion of his imtofclcdncins. Next Winter ho will be scon on the Ean Francisco tracks with a hlgh clcss stable, which, it is said, will com pare favorably with any owned In the psst by the erratic California millionaire. Tha Eolith Australian horse, Staffa, v.'hn is engaged in tho Tooral: Handicap with 83t :)lb. Is doing do wt-U In his work at Caulileid that he is bound to give a gooil -account of himself on Saturday next. At tho V.A.T.C. Spring Meetinc; last, year ho carried 9st 41b and won tha Wladcov Heii fllanp, and suhitsquentlyran faiil/unaerbls wolBhls in a couplo of races at the V.U.C. Meo'.Ini.;. Ills motii recent win was in l;io MarryaivlHe IlamUcap, 1 mile, at tha Ade laide H.C. Meeting, in Juno, his weight be ing fist 131b. Marusa had heca doing so well on tho training; track ihnt, with only 7st 121b to carry, tho Stand Handicap at .Vlcmlngton wr.3 considered a fair thing for him, and he was scut out l'avorlt-.- at G to 1. it war, the old otory over again, the chestnut fail ing to run up to liln tr::e:'c form, and thoro is no doubt lie is one of tils ir.oEf. disap pointing hor.-L-a nt present racing In Aus tralia. He hnu shoivn gallops gDutl enough to win iuiytiilne, but, though an aged horse, he is still a maiden. Bobadil's last cor.plo of performances will probably havo thu effect of sondlng him out a hotter favorltafor tha Derby than Aurum last year, aiul ii is hard to see ho'.v ho Is to get beaten. On October Stakes running it loalia a certainty for him lo down ucorge Frederld: aud Cocos, and. un less Coniito is cyua! to tho tank, there really seems nothing engaged thr.t looks lilio giving tho !R. Athaus colt a tussle. Mr. Wilson now probably regrets striking Bouadil out of tho Melbourne Cup an hur riedly, and there- was really no cause for it. r.o the coR couli! r.ot well have been weighted at less thau uo was. Although Acineoa and Uniform were among tuu accaptars fcr thn Groat Kbor llauclicap, run at Uio York (Bug.) mooting on August £-1, neither -.vent to tho post, Uove betas unly 7 runncru. 'i'lie winner turned up in a Frcnch-brod colt .i.'miott In vincible II. (BC'3o:;ia— Iroquoiau), who started favorite at lull lo :io, and,' with 7st s:ib on his b?.ck, van tlio l!j mile in .Imin ?Ii- ec, which Is within a second of our re cord for the distance, invincible II. Is a stable companion of Newhaven's. From an Australian point or v!ov.\ tho most striking thing in connection with tho race Is that an entry of SI should have only [???ought out seven ruuusrs for a thousand pound stake, and out here a lrandicapper who failed to bring about a better result would have a very bad time indeed. In an article on tho late Matthew Daw sou, an English paper saj'3 if (.hero was ono thins ho detested more thau auother it was a suggestion of meanness. With aa establishment like his, carried on on tho most princely scale, even to Use remotest detail, the expenses were naturally heavy; but they wore not such aa to leave any large amount of profit to the tralnor. It is related of ono noble lord, who hud the reputation of being somewhat close in his dealing, that ho objected to one or two items In hlii account. Matthew Buwson took the document In a most courtly man ner, and, putting it on ttie back of his Qro, said, without ono alom of temper: 'My lord, your bill is paid.' There is not much sentiment in horse racing and when a horso'u days ot useful ness on tho Turf are over very few owners caro a rap what becomes of it, not oven if they owe their rise In life to Its deeds. Touching on this subject, an American paper remarks that Banquet, who won over 200,000dol for M. Dwyer, and was then taken to England, is now doing duty as a cab-'horsa In London. Wo haven't to leavo the colonies for examples of thl3 kind, however, and can call to mind moro than ono owner,, who, It blessed with tha loast sentiment, would havo pensioned oil horses that had made them, instead of parting with them for little more than tho value ot their hides when they were played out. ? According to the 'Age,' there was no thing very remarkable in tho form shown at Flomington on Saturday by Cup candi dates. Catspaw ran a decidedly good race in the October Stakes behind Bobadil and George Frederick, and he is likely to havo an Important say In the Cnulfield Cup. Heretic also showed out conspicuously, and Is without doubt Improving fast. Lee Met ford ran disappointingly, and so did Majes tic, but Cocos did well, and promises to bo bard to beat in somo of tho handicaps ot lho campaign! nosobcry made his debut, nnd was favorably criticised. Ho is a splendid stamp of horse, and very fast. Tho next tow weeks' training will servo mm won. Olat ran moderately. In the Stand Handi cap tho favorite, Marusa, who just missed a place, was running on encouragingly at the finish, but Tho Musketeer tailed at the critical part of tho journey. Dunyan ran a good raco, but Trent ami Spencer failed miserably. Few people would bo disposed to regard Devoted as a Caulficld Cup horse, and tho chances aro the form of those be hind him on Saturday will bo soon contra dicted. Strangely enough, not a filly took part In the first two-year-old raco of the season in Sydney, while In Melbourne, on the con trary, fillies filled tho places In tho Marl byrnong Trial Stakca at Flqmington. Tho winner, Lilllnn, Is by Mnlun from Nnga, nnd was sold as a yearling for 'ISgs, so that tho low-priced ones have mado a good start on tho other side. Badge, who ran second, hails from tills sldo, und is owned by T. Payton. Sho Is by Escutcheon from Agatha, and only brought 121gs as n yearling. S. Fielder's colt. Lowland Chief (Antaeus— Lcgardo), who started favorite, finished nbout sixth, whllo neither Cranberry or Habot showed up at all. Hona, a ulster to Bobadil. ran fairly, and is said to bo a likely filly, whllo others well spoken of are Promontory (Dill of Portland — Montalto), Hurrah (Biridspord— Jubilee) . nnd Grace ful (a sister to Ucnolutc). Tho first of the Carniigcn, in a colt nnmeil nullet, wns a runner, but did not cut a prominent figure. Southern critics cxprcsB themselves favor ably concerning lho youngsters that made up Saturday's field. Uelldon Spa .Water Is ovcrywhoro ac knowledged to be tho best table 'water.* Tho hurdler Hlrundo fell at Flomington on Saturday, breaking ono ot his legs, and wns subsequently destroyed. , Johansan finished really well In tho De monstration llnmllcap, and we shall yet see this fellow win a good raco over a dis Uincc. Tho attempt to repeal lho Suppression of Gambling Act In Queensland has but llttlo chance of being successful,' Mr. Dick son, the Premier, having 'announced that the Government havo no Intention of countenancing it. The 'Spirit of tho Times' 'says that age and weight considered,- little Johnny Iteli'i 13 by long odds tho best jockey In Auicricx He Is just turned ID,. and wolghs only -1st 71b. Ho is an artist in tho saddle, though, and nan rifle much bottcT than some jou koys twlco his ago and twlco his weight. Tho following foiillns3 have taken place at Turnnvillo: — 3'hoo'oe, a brown illly to Fuslleor; Doodco, browi: colt to Ruonalf: Sunglcam and Miss Grand, brown colt and filly respectively to Fusiloer; Arline, bay colt lo Ruen.ilf; Lapwing, brown colt' to Fuslleer; Woftil, browu filly to Invador; Lady Hastings, biiy.colt to Kucnalf; Hilda, black filly to Invadsr; Iiavlnlu, brown colt to Sir William; Laura, aay lilly ,to lluon alf; Kaglct, bay filly to Invader. While being schooled over tho hurdles at. Ranclwlek Ia3t Thursday Viscount foil and gavn his rider, A. Cox, a nasty fall. Cox quickly recovered consciousness, but it waa thought advisable to take him to St. Vin cent's Hospital, mid, on examination at that Institution, ho wad found to bo suf fering from concussion ot tho brain. IIo has progressed favorably since, aud will soon be in the saddle again. The cable informs U3 that Tod Sloan, the. American jonlcey, is putting In good work In England, having ridden 10 win ners out of 27 mounts since his return to that country. Sloan has beon riding well throughout the season in America, and at the Saratoga meeting, ' which cloned on August 27, won 'S races ot tha 53 in which ho rode. Ills record up to August 13 was a remarkable one, being us tollov.-o: Mounts, 1M; wins, Si); seconds, i'; 'thirds, 21; uu p:aced, 42. 'Wily Isaac of Brlsh:on,' as Foulsham svas dubbed by a well-known sporting writer now deceased, is under tho Impres sion that handicappcrs, newspaper touts and other gentlemen have a 'sot' upon :i!:-.i, which is all moonshlno (says a 'Sporting Judge' writer). . After Mr. Vov.-les had allotted M2ssinls3a 7st 101b In thn Toorak Handicap Ike wanted to swop the Melton Handicap winner for Jlhat gentleman's chestnut b-.iggy horso, a3 ho alleged that Masstnlssa was only fit for that sort of work. English files to hand show that Georglc was gcitlnn into form vowari'.a the latter end of Au,~U3t. and at Nottingham on tho 20th of that month carried tat 101b Into third place In tho Kotllnghanishiro Handicap, 1 mile, for which she titar-.cd at MO to 3 in .i Hold of elnvr'n. Throusrhaut the raco eho was in a goad position, and inside tho last furlong w:;.'i in front it company with the 'American horse Draco, but then Phoebus Apollo, whoso weight was similar to that ot Georgic, joined In ami eventually won by half a length from Draco, who bent Goorgie a like distance. The top-v-'clght. Dumbarton, flst, was fuurlh, while Royal Warden, who canioil the lowest weight, Cst 111b, and was backed down to 5 to 1. finished eighth. Tho winner, Phoolius Apollo, is tho property cf the lady who races as 'Mr. Theobalds,' and who is bejt known to Australians oa tho owner cf Sur ilvor. After her good snowing in this raco It. will not be surprising if it turns out that Georglc curried a fair weight i:i lie I'.-lnea. Edward Handicap .'ho wonat Manchester a counlo of weolra ago, .and was well backed into' tho bargain. A fair amount of business waa trans acted at tho A.J.C. CnmraUtee meeting last, week. In austvor to a communication froai Uvo 'Warwick Farm Kacint; Club, as to whether, in the faeo of thu fact that thu' added money to its mooting had beon ra ducoci to .'00 soys, it would 3tlll bn obliged. to include ono vaco on the programme va lued at 100 liovs, of li mile, it was decided that Uio regulation m;:2t be adhered to. A letter was received from tho secretary cf tho SJoareiielrt Kaclng Club requcstlns that several bookmakers who had taken out their annual licenses, and who subse quently were not granted registration un drr tho now resulaticia of tho A.J.C, bo j allowed to ply-tlialr vocation till tho end ] of t?.io curron-t .year. The committee de cided that the request could not bo granted, anil suggested that tho club should return one-quarter of tho I!ecnaefeo3 received. Tho Spry case was advanced another 3tase, but. not finally dealt with. Messrs. Gillies (pre sident of tho Northern joclccy Club), the secretary (Mr. Markwell), and Mr. O. U. Young were present, aud the -.evidence o£ T. Cush (trainer), W. Challou (jockey), and C. Mitchell was taken. Shortly after the declaration of the weights for tho New Zealand Cup, Mr. Stead announced that MulUforth was an unlikcls starter for that raco owing to tho weight allotted him. However, he allowed tho horso to remain in, and as he had not withdrawn him up to o. recent date, an Auckland paper, in view 'of his statement, commented adversely upon the fael, which brought from Mr. Stoat: tho following re ply: — 'When the v;olghtn came out for tho New Zealand Cup, I loosed up recent re cords, and, falling to find an instance of a four-year-old winning a two-mile handicap in first-class company In tho Spring of thn year when carrying Slst 81b, I stated it was unlikely Multiform would start with this prohibitive weight. Tho recent failure of Amberlte, even over a lesser distance, has uuiimaui&uu; my upiuiuu luhl luui-yeai-oius cannot win over long courses In the Spring when carrying big weights. My horso. however, Is doing well, and, as long as ho keeps sound, I shall leave him in until I can form a more decided opinion upon the probablo strength of tho field thnn Is pos sible at present, but, not being a saijgulnn man, I can scarcely hope that my four year-old can do what has never boon done before. Furthermore, tho fear of seeing my favorite beaten when carrying a crush Ing Impost will have more influence with mo thnn tho money consideration. At tho same time. If Multiform continues to do well, I may bo tempted to start him, as It must be evident that any owner who takes a' pride in I1I3 hors.es would, figuratively speaking, give his little finger to have the pleasure of winning such a raco with a horso carrying so heavy a burdon. My judgment, however, tells mo It is too much to expect.' Tho Futurity of 1S98 will go down to Turf history as the greatest disappointment slnco tho Inauguration of the Btnke, thn one redeeming feature In connection with I' being tho fact that Mr. William Hcndrle ono ot tho lending Turfmen of Canada, Uk. president ot tho Canadian Jockey Club, and a sportsman ot tho best type, captured li' (rays 'Tao Spirit of the Times.' I Thh lultor fact, howover, did not appoal to the ten thousand persons present, scarcely a dozen of whom could have selected Mr. Hendrio'a Mnrtlma3 as. tho winner. M'lth his chestnut colt Martlmas, by Imported Candlemas — DIggonet, ridden by jockey Ilj Lewis, tho Canadian Turfman captured the chief two-year- old stake event of the Ame rican Turf, winning In tho stako 37,130dol, nnd another small fortuno in hots, as liisj colt was quoted at all sorts of prices, run ning from 40 to 100 to 1. John Daly'f chestnut filly High Degree, by His High ness — Nettie, piloted by Jockey Maher, cap tured second place and 4,833.3.1(101 for her ownor, whllo Mr. Sydnoy 3'aget's brown celt Mr. Clay, by Imported Darobln— Mis* Clay, with Tt. Williams up, scoured ttilrJ position unu z.iiu.umoi lor tho most recenf acquisition to the Turf. According to th-- conditlons of tho stnko, Mr. W. B. Jen nings, us ths breedor ot Martimas, will re ceive SOOOdol; Messrs. Gideon and Daly, as the brooders of High Degree, 1250dol; und Mr. J. D. Haggln, as tho breeder of Mr. Clay, GOOdol. Thoro wna a delay of ono bout 28 minutes nt tho post boforo starter Fitz gerald could get the fiold away. 