THE SKETCHER. MAD MARY'S HOUSE. By O.W. It stands in a Melbourne suburb, and we have taken it, to the wonder of some of our neighbours. It is haunted, they say. Peopled by ghosts! And what of that, so long as they are cheerful ghosts? "Cheerful ghosts! That's impossible!" say they, and yet in her lifetime they found Mad Mary cheerful-at least the children did, for she loved little folk almost as much as she loved birds. Formerly the house-a two-storied one, lighted by large windows-waa tenanted, all but two rooms, by birds. Nothing now remains of the little-creatures but rows of tiny graves in the back yard apd their musical ghosts, which we think we hear when we are wakened in the dead of night by the-howling of a neighbour's dog, which is always on the chain. Poor dog! hiB ghost won't be a cheerful one; and serve his owner right, we decide. In her young days Mad . Mary waB pretty, but peculiar. We girls remember her as a sweet-faced old lady, always dressed in black, as she tripped along in an old fashioned way, talking to herself, or smiiingiy stopped at one's gate to tell of the health or fate of some feathered pet. She always curtseyed low- bowing was not in vogue in her girlhood-and her manners, like tier clothes, she never changed the fashion of. She was of gentle birth, we felt sure, though we knew nothing of her antecedents; and she reminded us of little Miss flight, only that equity, not law, was her craze. She had lived in this same house fop over twenty years. It was her own, and she must have had some private means, we concluded. Because of her eccentric ways it was commonly called Mad Mary's house. We have re-christened it Madmaaree, which some persons think aboriginal and we origi nal. We don't like to take it from the little woman altogether, or her ghosts would know the place no more. It would then be an ordinary house. Our present drawingroom, which is twenty-two feet long, was once entirely given up to canaries. Twitter and trill gurgled from their tiny throats as they flitted from bough to bougn. Fresh boughs were fixed in the four corners every week. In our best bedroom, where Btood fix trees, growing in tubs, thrushes sang lustily "Pretty joeeta! pretty joeeta! pitty burr! pitty burr! pitty iuee juee!" as they flew round and round, brushing the cobwebs off the window- paneB. In the room we girls call our own house martins and swallows darted here and there, built their nests in the cornice and fire place, and kept things lively with their "Tweet tweet! In the bathroom starlings flew about, "I can't get out; I can't get out!" being doubtless their cry; only here, having space, the}' needed not to beat their wings against the bars. In another sunny room were magpies of all ages. Their harsh "Quali! quawk" he fore, or their smothered sort of "Glu guggle! glu guggle" as tbey swallowed a suc culent worm, was as familiar to the chil dren of the neighbourhood as were their happy silverynotes at sunrise to theirelders. The "maggies" had carte blanche to wander all over the house, and into the garden, where big trees and a few flowers grew. It delighted the children to see the wise birds, with heads on one side, eyeing a worm or grub before swallowing it. The scientific ones sometimes unravelled the ball of slimy indigestible stuff which "maggie" expecto rated, and were wont to recognise certain beetles' wings which they had been instru mental in providing. Boys and girls alike used to gatliei worms, snai's, and insects, and bring thein to Mad Alary for her pete. As reward she would -take two at a time to help feed the birds and freshen up their homes. As a great treat they were sometimes allowed to visit the magpies after dark, when, by the aid of a dim candle, they would see the result of the gentle polies they administered. "Maggie ' would ope wide his or her beak in alarm, but no sound, not even a faint "quawk! ' would issue therefrom. That was only possible in daylight, Mad Mary informed them. Another feathered pet was an old Ply mouth Rock hen, who trotted after its owner, answered to the name of Biddy, fed out of her hand, and would snuggle close to her, or curl up in her lap, to be "Iroked aud petted just as a dog or cat might. Biddy generally laid about fifty eggs, then took a rest, and began again. Her eggs were boiled hard, and given to the young birds or the children, while Mad Mary grew thinner day by day for want of the nourishment that she grudged herself that her pets might flourish and never be hungry. The Plymouth Rock had a special interest for her owner. "Biddy was the name of my nurse, who is dead; but her spirit is here!" she would say to the children, stroking the old hen. "She took care of ine when I was young. Now she is old and helpless, so I must take care of her." They never doubted anything Mad Mary told them, and though "Biddy" looked to them the impersonation of helpfulness when feeding, they regarded her with a sort of awe; and when at home tried to discover spirits of departed friends in their mongrel pups or half-fed cats. Superstitious persons walked on the other side if they had occasion to come this way, either in Mad Mary's lifetime or after to death. It was uncanny to devote, a house to such a purpose! Had they troubled themselves to talk to the beautiful soul that dwelt in that frail body they might have gone home wondering and wiser, but no longer afraid. "Sacred to the memory of Tweet, Little Star, Joeeta's babies; killed by a cat." "Little Maggie, killed by a cat." "Billy's pet." "In sorrowing remembrance of Bob Sawyer, Peggotty, Little Nell, Jo, The Mar chioness: all flown; a catapult broke the window.' So ran some of the tiny headstones-bits of painted wood-in our backyard. How pathetically they read when we think of the tears shed by this lonely woman over her dead darlings. The tiny graves are railed with shells, and we feel that we must leave them undisturbed. Two aversions had this tender-hearted woman-cats and catapults. She never got as far as the real element of danger in the latter. Perhaps she had forgotten that it takes a boy with deadly aim to make the schoolboy catapult a thing not to be de sired. Anyway, to Mad Mary the catapult was the real aggressor, and in a drawer in the kitchen were stored bits of string, leather, forked sticks, indiarubber ring6, and small stones. "You see, if I hide this there won't be any catapults to hurt the birds," she used to say quite seriously to anyone standing by as she stooped to pick up a stone or bit of string, and put. it in tne embroidered silk bag hanging on her arm. The house was untenanted for a year after its late owner's death, and presented an uninviting appearance. It is different now. Paint, paper, and strong hands have converted it into a cheerful-looking abode; but while we like the old place and its as sociations, some of our neighbours look at us askance. We, too, must be peculiar, be cause of our own free will we elect to live in "Mad Mary's house." 