HOW silfiY got tlic VERDICT from CORBET HE YOBE "WPMIHIt" JH DOWN Bj THE KBITHROCND ETideetlj to Saie ffis Principal from Beaten. ft STORM OF HISSES AID JEERS AUD CAT-CALLS, MD CRIES OF " Mint" The Referee Declares Al! Bets Off— To joe Goddard's Great Annoyance— An Immense Crowd Pay £13,000 in All— Corbett Relegated to the Preliminaries—" The Sportsman's " Corres pondent Tipped Sharkey to Win. (From our own Correspondent) iv ew xonc. vox a November. The most important; event of the month— of tbe year, in fact— was the Oor|gg£lharkey contest at tbe Lenox Ath&fjlub; on 22nd November. The ; lattdBilHdtory is a popular one. iSBKfcaeut, in the company of Joe God|Hfliid Dan Creedou. Joe ti pp rkey to wiai aud bad placed £200HHck his convictions. of the fhow FOdHESgP TO NEARLY £13,000. IBHBwarkey to win in the uu- merctiBjnaals I contribute to, and ncvor could see where "Pompadour" Jim stood a ghost of a chance to de feat the sturdy ox-man-of-war's-man. Tbe referee, however, from some un known reason, called all bets off. Tbe men battled for a purse of £4000 —£1000 to tbe loser. This latest defeat of Corbett rele gates him to tbe ranks of the second- raters, and explodes the much-vaunted hullabaloo as to bis prowess. He can not hit, aud his blows wore of the weakest nature. There were orer 0000 persons pres ent. Corbett, to my mind, would not have lasted four rounds move. Joe Goddard, after tbe coutest, re marked to me—1 " Nick. 1 wish 1 bad been iu the ring with Corbett.' Why, as old as I am, I'm sure 1 could have defeated him." Goddard felt much annoyed wlieu ail the bets were de clared off, as be lost tl good bit by such ruling. It was an intensely interesting con test- Each fougbt and strove for the mastery as be best knew bow. The tide of victory, which was in Shar key's favor from tbe outset, was rush ing ouward faster aud ever faster. Then suddenly in the ninth round. Jack M'Vey, ouo of Gorbett's seconds, jumped into tbe ring, and the battle was over. In jumping iuto the riug M'Vey clearly violated the rules, and the re feree had no alternative but to de clare Sharkey the winner. Instantly the house was in au uproar. There was a Korcu of hisses aud jeers and cat calls. Cries of "Fake" resound ed throughout tbe building. For a time is seemed as if there would be a riot. The turmoil was stilled a mo ment to permit the announcer to state the decision. Then it broke anew, aud with fresh vigor. Again the an nouncer raised bis hands, and the bouse was srill. "The referee," he shouted, " declares all bets off." This announcement, was greeted "with a whirlwind of cheers, aud there was "three limes three " for "Hon est John " Kelly, the referee, who bad saved flic money of the sports bei- tiug on Corbett with the expectation that he would fight as loDg as he could stand up. There always will l>o a differotwe of opinion among tbe men who wit nessed tbe eoutOsT as to whether Gor- ItettV second delitaM'ntoly "threw" the tight, or whether he jumped into a \ cMHImGonlBT rnnhi being jgfagfrocKEiJ oun 90BBbtassed "and imprpjudi'-cd observers, tbe latter view will prob ably prevail. Corbet i was uot as good a man when lie fared Sharkey as bo was when be met Fitzsimmons. but if ho bad been as gond n man as wlieu he met VWv. he still would have had his work rut out for hitu to defoai Shar key. As ii was, he was not witiiiu fifty per eeju. of being as fa-t a> when ht» fought I'itzsiintnons. as he was of the advan tages of bejglu. reach, and skill, he should have bad no trouble in out- taunting Sharkey :n the earlier stages of tic eontest. This he «iid not do. What is more, his blows did not dar_e the sailor, who bored in en him from the outset, and ttji- the aggressor ;u every Mage of the rentest. Corbett did not have mm-h ireuhle in geiiing his 1 tt m the Sailor's tare, but the Sailor t\ns nothing loaih m take the blows as long as he -onM runnier on the jaw and drive hta lefi mm the holy. 'J' hi he did repeat edly, gradually wearing Corhott down, lie had him in a roiKiinon iu the ninib round ;n wbi'h HE REASONABLY MIGHT HOPE TO KNOCK HIS MAN OFT. Then they did some rough work in a clinch, aud M'Yey at once jumped inio the ring. Kelly, ihe referee, wnviyl i i ill out, but M'Yey did uot go until Chief of Police Levory ejected him. That Sharkey had so much Hie better of The argument is not so uiucli iu favor of bis p:ow- css as a figlner as it is evi dence of the fact that Corbett has re trograded. The Corlxnt who met Sharkey Is uot within leagues of the Cortadt who won the championship from Jobu L. Sullivan, who defeated Charley Mitchell, and who was de feated b.v Fitzsimmons. In his battle with Fiizpimiuonp Cor- hett clearly proved himself the better boxer. In bis fight with Sharkey lie did not. display any unusual skill us a boxer, uud up a tighter pure aud simple he cenaiuly is inferior to the Sailor, who now will challenge Fitz- siuiuions TO FIGHT HIM FOR THE CHAM PIONSHIP OF THE WOULD. " I'm not a sucker. Kelly, the re- force. said immediately after the battle. " M'Yey has Iteeu in 111' tight - iug business too long not to know Jtel- icr than in jump into Hie ring while llu> nmii are fighting. I do not know whether be did it to save Corbett. or whether be bad some other purpose. But I dn Know that he did an injus tice to ihe mei) who tad on the result, o the eoniest. Under ihe rules, I bad no recourse but to declare Sbavkry the winner, and to save the bettors 1 doomed if wise to declare all bels off. I do not think the bettors had a run for their money." Corbetr was like a wild titan when be found tbot the battle was over, and \ Corbett was like a wild man vhen ! uc J.UU1JU luai iuc udiue aiiu that be was the loser. He rnsbed over to tbe corner iu which M'Vey was standing, nod was about to strike him, but tbe presence 'of the law, in the person of Chief Devery, moved him to stay bis hand. "You fool! Oil. you fool!" he shouted to M'Yey, Hum turning he ran across the ring to "Honest. John" Kelly to protest against the decision. Charley White, Corbett's second, aud Bob Fitzslmtuons' cx-ruldter. rau af ter him. however, aud pulled liim away, fearing that be would do tbe referee some harm. When seen after the tight, O'Rourke, Die manager of Sharkey, was in a happy frame of mind. His man had won £3000, ihe winner's share of Hie £4000 purse bung up for the men. "WHY THERE WAS NOTHING JN i IT BDT SHARKEY." be said. "I never lost faith In the ability of Sharkey to win. I thought he bad the fight at all stages, and 1 believe that. M'Yey jumped iutc the ring «o save Corbett from being knocked clean out', < THE BETTING. Betting on the mill was not so lively as was anticipated. Denny Sullivan took the Sbarkey end of bets as often, If not oftener, than other Sharkey ad mirers. "I'll stand a tap on this," be said. " I .have £380 bet now, and I have £J20 more to place." The odds were 10 to 8 on .Corbeti, and in a twinkling Sullivan had reached' his limit. But Sharkey's ad mirers wore numerous. .They were tuot nearly so strong financially as j Corbeti's backers HadrTboy pos- i sossra as much money ith jiot tin- j probable that the betting would bavo | been even. When the men entered the ring, to- | stead of 10 to 8 on COrbett, as it was, j much of the Corbett money went beg- j fitf. Even at these odds Joe Vcu- j dig had a commission of £400 to place : on Corbett. He succeeded in placiug j it. but not all in one bet. Frank Far- rell, stakeholders the tight, bet £200 to £160 on Corbett. Davy Johnson had a modest bet on Corbett, uud Mike Padden took a flyer on Sharkey. With tbe preliminaries out of flic way, decks were cleared for action. nuhq sul'gcu 0 31s lcol auu uu- belted its bauk roll. Cries of odds aud of wagers, big and small, resound ed throughout tbe house. Tlu» crowd gathered around Hciueman. the book maker, and there were groups iu vari ous parts of the bouse iu which menoy was staked freely. The admirers of Corbolt, eager to have a wager on their man. and uos- vcy. the official announced of the give bigger odds, at oueo proceeded to unloosen their wads aud leuglbcu the price. One beL of £600 to £400 was made. George Considine, Corbetl's manager, quickly followed with £200 to £1(50. J. Doberty taking the Sharkey end of the bet. Ten to 7 also was bet on Cor bett, one wager of £200 to £140 being made at these odds. The management declined to sell u ticket to Kid M'Coy. because M'Goy bad refused to tight in tbe dub house, and had made stalemonU derogatory to it and its manager. Tom O'Rourke. This, however, did not prevent M'Coy from obtaining sdmisioB xo the club house. Disguised with ' side lights " ond a moustache and a dark slouch hat, ilic usually youthful-lonkiDg Kid, armed with a ticket obtained through a friend, succeeded in passing the gatekeepers : but while the first pre linrinnry fight was in progress bfs presence was detected, and he was ejected summarily. The Kid had been engaged by a morning newspaper to tell what he kuow about the fight. COMING INTO THE RING." It was 30.25 o'clock when Tom O'Rourke led Sharkey into the riug. Sharkey wore a blue mid pink dress- ing gown. Tuero was a loud hubbub and a clatter of applause. Snarkey limekeJOr. While Sharkey was exchanging the compliments of (be eveuUig with Senator Tim Sullivan, the timekeeper buugeri ibe bHI.' the «i'awd cried cried "Hats off!" and Charley Har vey. the hdHrda! auuouurcr /f ih«.» club, re pi sited ihe stereotyped request to the spectators to stop smoking, a request which rarely is acceded to. Sharkey scan-ely had appeared iu the ring when Chief of Police Deverey took a sent iu a box Dear the north east corner of the ring. Corbeti chose to exorcise the privi leges of a champion, aud did not outer ihe ring nwlil fifteen minutes after Sharkey had takcu his corner. When he did come iherr was a crauitig ««f necks, shouts of "Good hoy, Jim !" but light applause. The reception was tHine. He was Had in a dressing gown, wore trousers and fighting shoes, had bis hair parted in the middle, and plastered down ou each side, mid there were white baudages ou his ham,'.-, uud even fingers, juu flmd his pompaonur in Carson City ibai bright March day when FitzsiUP nmns puuihed liiiu out of the cham pionship. His seconds we're George 'onsiditie, Ja«-k M'Yey. Faddy tjor- man i»f Australiaj. aud Charley ; XYUitc. John C'cusidiuo held the watch for blm. As Sharkey's muscular form, that of n giaut in luifiioture. euuie iuto view witli bis broad, hairy rhcM, deep, barrel-like body, and Jimlis which might have supported tons, there was a uturuKir of admiratiou from bis side of the house, lie wore greru trunks, with his broad, hairy ebest, deep, sat stolidly in his chair, while ihe an nouncer stated that rhe 'bout would be tweut.v rounds for the Heavy-weight. Champions- hip of the lYorld. "The re ference to ibe heavy-weight, champion ship of the world was greeted with cheprs ami hisses luiDgJed. Thou the men were iurrodueed. Both were well received. This done, both advanced io tbe centre. Corboit de clining to notice Sbarkey, but taking part in ihe confab about the rules un der which the contest. wat» to be ue eided. As the met! stod close together. Cor bet Cs sidvautage iu height was so clear ibsu. many meu sliook their heads aud wondered how Sharkey would over reach hint. t'orbett's seconds argued with the referee fully five minutes in endeavouring to prove wli.il a dear break meant. The con ference was su prolonged that ihe crowd Jtegan to wiitsfb- " iVe IYou'i G" Hom<» 'J'iH Morning." The tight iu detail by rounds fol lows FIBST ROT7ND. . Both advanced quickly to tbe centre, aud aeh played hard for bb ojieniug. Corbett running around bis man. Jn- lem-e silence reigned in the houre. Sharker wae the first to lef o. He sent bis left to tbe bead, was conni- ered. and ent bis right io the body. Then be drove his right into tbe wind. Corbett poked bir- right and left into Sharkey's face, and Sharkey connt- sored heavily on the jaw, evoking tbe first applause of tbe light. Sharkey waa the e ggressor. lie tried for the tody, Suit was shont. ami Corbett . quickly, jumped out »f the way o< a rigbt Rwlng. Corbett poked bis left into the face, and got away without a return. Corbett again "tried his , left, but bis arm went around Sbar- < key's ucck. Again lie swung bis lert, ' and this time be was short. He tried a left for the body, and wa& count ered on the face. He put Ills left heavily on Sharkey's jaw, and Shar key gave as good iu return. They broke clean, tbe gong sounded, and there was a hubbub of conversation as tbey walked slowly to their cor ners. SECOND HOUND. Sharkey's friends wpiv well pleased With the showing be nmde in tbe first round, and the Sailor himself seemed I c&md; jm- ltd mshefi lite ttan, hut imiid hot land - xiorhett gXkuidad 44m wjth right dd.tUa.fcld- jod landed "benvfiy dtii tfie jaw irith hU jft; ihe hffiw steadying Shar- Itey, Sharkey went after his loan, .wore home a light left to ihe month, pffd put another ia the. same place. Gorbett trled.the left for the face, buu fFept shoct Tte'crowd laughed at htm Tben he drove his letft to the eye with lightning-like speed and got away. SSiariiey twiried hinn with the left on the ey& and, running In, pat his left on the mouth, and crossed with. Ids right Co the jaw. They cdinched 'and broke, cleanly. Sharkey let go a long, low left that palpably was fonL Sharkey apologised, co ham was done, and they boxed for a moment. Tbeh Sharkey forced his left to the mouth, crossed his right to tbe jaw quickly, and Cor bett sat! on tbe riiig floor, the specta tors bowling themselves hoarse. Cor bett got up Instantly, and honors were even to the close of the round. Shar key was cheered loudly as he walked to his cornmr. THIRD ROUND. One of Sharkey's admirers now of fered even money that bis inaii would win. The 41 wo fighters came to the centre and began sparring fast. Cor bett was now tbe aggressor. He drove a ripping short- arm blow to the body, but was countered on tbe jaw. Shar key went after bink and kept him dodg ing 4o keep out of harm'6 way. Jim jumped in with the left in the face, but before ho could get away Sharkey twisted h4n> with the right. Jim then ran around, came took with- another left, and ?vas crossed with the rigtik Tbey clin6bcd, but broke Instantly.' Sharkey drove bis left home on the mouth, staggering Jim- Corbeti put a hot left into the body. Sharkey re turned beavtty on the mouth, and Cor bett. clinched to save himself. They broke deauly at oocc, came together aga in quickly, breaking at the referee's order. They sparred fast, and cleverty. Sharkey always was after his man. Just as the gong Foundctk he planted a. left on the month aud again tbe applause was for blm. i FOURTH ROUND. Oortott made a feiul with his left as he cauie up, but Sharkey did not bite, and he jumped away. Then the Sailor weiit In with a left on the mouth, aud came hack with anotbev in the same spot, but; it was short, aid did no harm. Corbett now fougbt ham close, and plainly was endeavouring to lead the Sailor into foul tactics. The Sailor fougbt dean aud cool, however. A long left staggered Jim, and ho came beck with a tremendous drive. Shar key led for the body, but was short. He swung bi6 left for the head, but Corbett evaded tbe Wow by ducking. Jim threw lite left in pretty low. lie then drove the left into Sharkey's face, and was pouuded heavily on the jaw. They clinched, the referee ran between then), and almost before Sharkc-y could realise it. Corbett bad driven his right with terrific force into his short ribs. That was the las blow of the round. FIFTH ROUND. Cori>ett poked bis left into Sharkey's chin just as they readied tho centre. , Again he jabbed his left in and got away. Sharkey drove bis left xo the jaw with great force, and quickly dropped his left to the neck. The blows took a lot of steam out of Corbeti. Jim danced around for safety, thou jumped in and jabbed Sharkey's bead back with bis left. The pace was fast, and both were weary. Sharkey sent his 11 1 to the uictnh. and tried his right, for the jaw. The blow was short. Cor bett Mvuug his left on the jaw. They mixed it up freely. Corbeti swung his left to the eye. and got away without a return. The next time he cainc he. was countered heavily. There was uot a mark on either tuau as they went io their corners. SIXTH ROUND The men anna together with a rush. Corbel whjpiung his left loathe face and tfUirtiMjoii thajaw. "Btiarker foroed\,bis mfin ardund the ring, tun could not land. Jim turned aud shot his left into the face, and they clinched. Then Sharkey put a left ou the jaw. and swung his left to tbe same place. He took a loug left jab. and rushed in with a chopping left', which daggered Corbett. Loft aud right Sharkey drove iuLo Orbett's face and tody. The work told on Jim. His elbow was dangerously uear to Sharkey in one tnix-up. and In was hissed. He jumped in with the left, aud while eliufbed Oorbott hit Sharkey, a foul under the rules. It was hot work, and both turn were glad wheu the gong sounded. It easilv wax Sharkey's round. SEYKNTH ROUND. " They won't fight twenty rounds." au old-timer said as they -aine out. Sharker at onre bored in with left aud : risbi. the left mi the chest. 1lie right on the jaw. Jim tried a left as lie whs ducking out of the way. but. Sharkey nppereiU him heavily with the left. Sharkey rushed bis man. but Jim ducked cleverly out of harm's" way. Sharkey again rushed in. As be came this time Corbeti caught bim on tbe month with his left. Again Sharkey ob me ; this time he landed, but lie bad to take n driving left in the wind in return. 'Jlie-re wos fighting ererv inch. Sharkey chopped his opponent with bis left in the uioutb, and drove his right to the jaw. Once he overshot the murk, ihe blotv going Io Corbett's neck. Still he bored in with left aud vieht. and lie usually managed to land aome- wliere. Corbett swuug wildly. A clejiu lefi in the mouth cut. Corlu-ti'x lip and lie spat blood. He sv.uug a left over Sharkey's bead a.s tbe round ended. EIGHTH ROUND. Corbett was the first tn tibe centre, and he met Sh3rkey with a stiff left in the wind. Sharkey tried to get in. but Coj'bori stopped him witti a left, and they clinched. They broke quickly, each landing heavily with the left. Sharkey swuug his lefi for the jaw. Corbett ducking under the blow. Agaiu Sliurkey swung for the jaw. and this time he landed. Corbett ab wsiys came in close on these blows, and toth UH'ii held tight, the referee rou- tiuitally ordering lliem to break. Both men were tired. Sharkey tried hard (o get Irome. but could uot do much, ami CorlH'tt se.-uu'd in have lost all his tcam. Thcu Jiin planted liis right heavily on the jaw. and followed wltJi the left on the other side of Sharkey's face. Sharkey bored in and <Iinv«> iiis riffhl heavily to tin Iwdy. Corbdi clinriicd. Ttoy were purled by the iv- f«ree, ShJiey weui to tiu face with lite left, find again to the tody with the right, and the round closed with loud applause. NINTH ROUND. Corbeti opened with a left on the wind. He quickly repeated it. Shar key protested that the blow was too low. and it clearly was. Jim tried ho block bis nnii with long lefts. He feinted with bis left for the face. aud. pwiiiug u< down quietly, snot iif iuto tbe liody. This blow also was low, and Sharkey protested. Corbett said. "Ab. go on." Tie referee repeated the order, and they fougbt fast at close quarters. Just then M'Vey, one of Cortott's seconds, jumped intb tbe j-ing tu protect. This wa« a clear violation of the rub's, but Referee Kelly told the men to go ou. This time they were fight ing and eliucldug for fair, and again M'Vey jumped Into the riug. Tifis time the referee sent) the uieu to their oor- ner;, and gave Hie fight to Sharkey. Chief Devery jumped in and ejected M'Vey. Corbett at oocc became a wild man, nod rushed to M'Yey to punch him, but he held his band. Afterword he rushed over to the referee and pro tested against the decision, but the fight clearly was lost. There was turmoil. The referee gave his decision to Shar key. aud declared al) tots off. The an- nonnremeut of the decision was greeted jrith cheers f REMARKS. : After tbe fight Btotkey said— -4 . " Corbett was £a®,..'w xnfi. | bed: htm at my mercy thTOhout e boq- 4nd would have pat, film dutfid fli£j fight continued; tiie decirip. popper one, but who ©ver fiiapd referee dedaring bets off,' a contest to one of fihe ptindpro "'I am now ready to met any man is flte world, Fltestmmons pratod. J lost n few thousand dollars on tfie de- oifiion of toe referee. . lam pretty, sure that the exhibition proved totoopubUc who was the real / . Ooifiett, of course, pth Ids "usual bluster, wants a retutrh match, and froths ah the mouth excessively when his" venal " ex-friends shout u Fake !" He said "I am sorry feat when . a man Is fighting his best, and be loses by corner body's mistake, over which he has no control he should not only be obliged to lose his fight, but liis reputation, aa having fought a fake fight "I never fought a fake in' my life. I never wtlL I would have given my life to have won this one. "I cannot see any reacpm why It should be declared a -fake, inasmuch as all bete are declared off. I fail to see where tJ rat will benefit me. I started in to fight when I first went into the ring. I was hit low in tbe fourth round, and two or three times In the ninth. Er cry tody could seeat Shar key was hitting too low. "If I could see any way in which anybody is benefited, I might believe feat I was ' jobbed/ but 1 can't see it. Tbe bete arc all off." t \- An amusing story is told of Tom SSiarkey. . tt appears feeLafter slgn- IJngyortJclAs to Jim Coincgft be. was talking wnh feeiahtea', ondw btt lobomt way said—" Jim, there is one thing feat I wish you woidd not: do." 44 What is that V" asked Jim. " Well," replied Sharkey, 44 when, we figbLand I am hit ting you. I xvteh you would not clasp both your anus round iny neck and yellt< 4 Police V at the top of your voice as' you did in San Francisco. That ain't in the rules, you know, and i-b might spoil fee contest." The laugh that followed was entirely at Corbetf s ex pense, and the ex-champion turned scarlet. FITZSIMMONS SATS IT WAS A FAKE. Bob Fitzsiminons. who is at Chicago, expressed himself thusly after the con test " What did I tell you ? Didn't I say it.wpuld be a fake, and it was a fake. M'Yey jumped inio that riug ou purpose to stop the fight, and it was all fixed for him to do it You can bet, too. that there were nieu right at the ringside 10 help him. The whole thing was a put-up job, and I tell you it was never on the square." " What will you do In regard to any challenge thai Sharkey or Corbett may send in your direction V" "Do 7 said Fitz, with great scorn, "I'll do nothing. I'll pay no atten tion to either of them. They have put. themselves further away from any attention from roe than ever. Let them go and get a reputation. There's Peter MaJier. Why don't: tbey take hiui on a little ? tot them go and lick somebody, and get a reputation." SHARKEY HAS CHALLENGED " FJTZ." Sharkey ha posted £1000, and chal lenged Bob to battle him for me World's Championship. T. F. O'Rourke intends hounding Fitzsim- rnons all over the country until he meets Snarkey, and lively times are expected. In conclusion. T have this to say in regard to the thrice-defeated Corbett r Welsh, Fifzsimtnons. and JSharker haviDg decisions over hirni. his days of posing us a candidate for the World's Championship are at an end— aud that title is likely to remain in the hands of lltzsinmion.s for an In definite time, if lie chooses to defend it. If not,! think Stoikey, wilLoutfilar woar rhe coveted honors. 