A DETECTIVE STORY. BY LAWRENCE L. LyCH, Author of "No Proof," " oina," &0 Pubished by special arrangeme?nt with afsrs. Wanrd, Lockl; 4 Co.. Ltd. [ALL RIGnos RESERVED.] CHAPTER VII. RENUNCIATION. Ferrars had predicted that nothing would be gained by the inquest, and the result proved him a prophet. Peter Kramer, the poor half-wit who had given the tirst clue to the where abouts of the murdered man, was found, and his confidence won by much coaxing, and more sweets and shining pennies, the only coin which Peter would ever reco, niae as such, but the result was small. Asked had he seen the teacher, the reply was, "Yep." Asked where, "Most by Injun hill." Asked what doing, "Settin' 4own." "Had hlie heard the pistol fired ?" asked the doctor. "Un I Uh ! Heard nawthin." " And whom did you see, Peter, besides the teacher ?" Again the look of affright in thie dull eyes, the arm lifted as in sclf-protection, and the only word they could coax from his lips was, "Ghost !" uttered in evident fear and trembling. And this was repeated at the inquest. This, and no more, from Peter. Mrs Fry, Charles Brierly's landlady. told how the dead man had appeared at breakfast, and her testimony did not accord with the statemenct of her little "Can you describe the person at all His dress, his bearing I" "'Not distinctly," she replied. "He was going from me, and his face, of course, I could not see. In fact, as I haveo before stated, my pony was fresh, and required my attent'on Besides, there was really no reason why I should look a second time at the back of a strange person whom I passed at some little dis tance. As I seem to recall thle figure now, it was that of a rather tall, fair haired man. I can say no more." "And at what hour was this 1" "It must have been nearing eight o'cock, I fancy, althlugh being out for pleasure I took little notice of the hour." No further interruptions were made until she had finished the story of the morning's experience of her meeting with Doran and the others, of the drive to the village, and of her message to MIiss Grant "Did you know Miss Grant I" "Only as I had seen her at church, and upon the street or in the school yard. We had never met, prior to that miorllig." "And Charles Brierly ? Did you know him ?" "Only by sight. I know few people in Glenville outside of my ho--of the Glenrille House. Both thie doctor and Ferrars noted the unfinished word bro'.en off at the first syllable To the one it was a riddle; to the other it told something which he michi, find useful later on. irs Uiamiesoni, resumeci tile coroner, after consulting the detective's card, " how far did you drive yesterday before you turned about upon the wood road ?" For a moment the lady seemed to be questioning her memory. Then she re plied. " The distance in miles, or fractions of miles, I could not givo. I turned the pony about, I remember, at a place where the road curves toward the lake, at the old mill, near the opening of the wood " " Ah, then you could see, of course, for some distance up and down the lake shore ?" " I could !" Thero was a hint of surprise in her coldly courteous reply. ' And at that point did you see any thing, any one in the wood, or along the lake ?" " I certainly saw no person. But-yes, I do remember that there was a boat at the water's edge, not far from tle place where I turned homeward. It was a little beyond, or north of me." " Did you observe whether Ihero were oars in the boat ?" "I saw none, I am auito sure," the lady replied, and this ended her part in the inquiry. But now there were some youthful, eager and valuable new witnesses, and their combined testimony amounted to his : When the body of their beloved eacher had been brought lhome and the irst hour of excitement had passed, three boys, who had been among Charles Brierly's brightest and most mischief oring and adventurous pupils, had set out, a full hour in advance of the elder xploring party, and had followed the ake shore and the wood road, ono closely :irting the lake shore, another running irough the sparse timber and under. rowth about half way up the shallow ope, and the third trotting d,:wn the oad beyond ; the three kueping pretty early parallel until the discovery, by theo 1 upon the shore of the boat drawn ou ' thi orator. and in the slhidn.oLa.tree.. c Iis had brought the othors doo<n to" tIl ko and then caused thoei to go hastily' ack. Meeting the party of men, e boys ilad turned back with them, I ad now there was a crowd of witnesses corroborate the story of theIo boat. It stood, they all aflirmed, in the shade fa spreading tree, so as that no sun 1 ays had beaten upon it, and its sides oere still danmp from recent contact with I he water, while it stood entirely upon he land. ''Two oars, also shosing signs 5 [ contact with the lake, weCre in tihe ittle boat, blade ends down, and it was trident that its late occupant had dis unbacrkod in haste, for, while the stake y swhich the boat had been secred stood cearcely thlree feet away, and the chain I nod padlock lay over the edge of the ittle craft, there had been io oeffrt to tecure it, and the oars had the look of I savino bo.n hastily shipped and left thus without further care. When the matter of the boat had been llyv investigated, the coroner and Fcr rar3 conferred together for some mo ments, and during these moments MIrs Jamieso: and her companion exchanged some whispered words. 'Through some mistake, it wrould seem, these two had been given places which. while aloof from the strange men, and almost in the rear of the jurors, bIrought them facing the open door of the inner rosm, where, in full view, the shrouded body of the murdered man lay, and from the first the eyes of the t 0o seemed he'd and fascinated by the sight of the long, still figure outlined under the white covering. ' Is it possible," lwhispered the lady witness, "that we must sit here until the end, face to face with that!" She was trembling slightly, as she spoke. " It is making tne nervous. "And no wondr," miurmured her friend. " tut it must be almost over. I -I confess to some curiosity. This is such a new and unusual sensation, to be here, you know." " Ugh!' Mrs Jamieson turned away, for the coroner was speaking '" There is one point," he said, "upon which our witnesses differ, and that is the mental condition of the deceased during thie tcenty-four hours preceding hiis death. Anothler witness will now speak upon this matter Mr Robert Brierly, the brother of Clha.les Brierly, will now testify." As MIr Robert Brierly ca'ne out from the rather secluded place he had hereto fore occupied, at the suggestion of the detective, all eyes were fixed upon him. There could be no doubt of hIis relation ship to the deceased. It was the same face, but dalker and stronger; the same tall forni, but broader and more athletic. The eyes of this man were darker and more resolute than those of his dead brother; his hair was browner, too, and where the face of the-. one had been full of kindliness and gentle dienitv, that of this other was strong, spYrited and resolute. But, beyond a doubt, these twvo were brothers. There was a stir as Brierly made his way forward, paused before the coroner and faced the jury; and then, as his eyes fell upon the two figures in the rear of that body, hlie made a sudden step for ward. "Doctor t" he called quickly, "you are needed hero ! A lady has fainted I" For a moment all was forgotten, save the white face that had fallen back upon her friend's shoulder, and that seemed even whiter because of the black gar ments, and beneath the halo of fair blonde hair. "It was that," explained the friend, Swho proved to be a Mrs Arthur, pointing toward the shrouded figure in the inner room. "She has been growing more and more nervous for some time." Robert Brierly was the first at haz Sside, but, as the doctor took his place and he drew back a pace, a hand touched his arm. S"Step aside," whispered Ferrars, "where she cannot see you." And with out comprehending but answering a look in the detective's eye, he obeyed. Mrs Jamieson did not at once recover, and the doctor and Ferrars carried her across the hall and into the room lately occupied by Brierly. As Mrs Arthur fcllowed them, it seemed to her that the detective, whom of course she did not know as such, was assuming the leader ship, and that half a dozen quick words were spoken by him to the doctor, across her friend's drooping head. " She must be removed immediately," said the doctor a moment after. "Let some one find a carriage or phaeton at once." Then, as Ferrars did not move from his place beside the bed where they had placed the unconscious woman, he strode to the chamber door, said a word or two to Doran, who had followed them as far as the door, and came back to his place beside the bed. Before Mrs Jamieson had opened her eyes a low wagonette was at the door, and when the lady became conscious and had been raised and given a stimulating draught, she was lifted again by Ferrars and Doctor Barnes and carried to the waiting vehicle, followed by Mrs Arthur. "Kindly take the place beside the driver, madam," directed the doctor. "IMy frioed will go with the lady and assist her; it will be best. It is possible that she may faint again." And so they drove away, Mrs Arthur beside Doran, the driver; and Mrs Jamieson, still pallid and tremulous, leaning upon the supporting shoulders of Ferrars, silent and with closed eyes. As lie lifted her from the wagon otte, and assisted her up the steps, and I within the door, however, the lady i senmed to recover herself with an effort. She had crossed the threshold supported 1 by Ferrars on the one side, and leaning I upon her friend's arm upon the other, i and at the door of the reception room she turned, saying faintly "Let me rest here first. Before we go I upstairs, I mean." Then, withdrawing her hand from her friend's arm, she seemed to steady herself, and standing more erect, turned to Ferrars. f "1 must not trouble you longer, now, a sir. You have been most kind." Her v voice faltered, she paused a moment, and then held out her hand. "I should like 1 very much to hear the outcome," she t hesitated. r " With your permission," the detective I replied quickly, " I will call to ask after t your welfare, and to inform you if I can." I Ho turned to go but she made a move- t ment toward him. "That poor girl," she said, "I pity t her so. Do you know her well, sir " t' She was quite herself now, but her voice a was still weak and tremulous. I "You have not heard, I see, that she t is my cousin." "No. I would like to call upon her. sl Will you ask her if I may ?" He nodded a: end she added quickly, " And call, if you h please, to-morrow." Ir Robert 1Prierly told his story almost without interruption; all that he knew of his brother's life in the village; of his coming earlier than he was expected, and of his firm belief that his brother had been made the victim of foul play. Possibly killed by mistake, because of some fancied resemblance; for his life, which had been like an open book to all his friends, held no secrets, no " episodes," and enemies he never had oe. In short, he could throw no light upon nthlo miaatbisry"'bI brn..rLltta'.5 d?~lr;" Rathor, his story made that death ieem mnoro mpysterious than at first bcause of the possibilities that it rcnderce at least probable. 1tut tilS OViuiuC - - -u - -r - somewhat bucolic jury. That Charles Brierly had been shot by another hand than his own had been very c'early de monstrated, for his brother would have no doubt whatever left upon this point; while he little knew how much the judi cious whispers and hints uttered in the right places, and with apparent intent of confidence and secrecy, had to do with the shaping of the verdict, which was as follows " We, the jury, find that the deceased, Charles Brierly, died from a bullet wound, fired, according to our belief, by mistake or accident, and at the hands of some person unknown." And now came the question of proof. " It must ba cleared up,' said Robert Brierly to the detective. "I am not a richlman, Mr Ferrars but-all that I have shall be spent at need to bring the truth to light. For I can never rest until I have learned it. It is my duty to my dead brother, father, mother-all." And late that night, alone in his room he looked out upon the stars hung low upon the eastern horizon and mur mured " Ah, Ruth, Ruth, we were far enough asunder before, and now .-Ah, it was well to have left you your freedom, for now the gulf is widening ; it may soon, it will soon be impassable." And he sighed heavily, as a strong man sighs when the tears are very near his eyes and the pain close to his heart. "'Miss Grant has told me of my little girl's mistake," she said. " Mr I!rierly was down.stairs unusually early that morning, and he did not look quite as well as usual. He l,oked worried, in fact, and ate little. He was always a small eater, and I said something about his eat ing even less than usual, and I can't re call the exact words. Nellie, of course, did not observe the worried look, as I did, and quoted me wrong. Mr lPrierly left the house at once after leaving the table. I did not think of it at first, but it came to me this morning that as Iheo did not carry any books with him, he must of course have meant to come back for them, and----" She paused. "And, of course," suggested the coro ner, "he must have had his pistol uponl his person when he came down to break fast ? Is that your meaning ?"' "Yes, sir." The weapon, found near the dead man's hand as it had doubt'ess fallen from it, was there in evidence, as it had been picked up with two of thle chambers empty. lThat it was not a case of murder for ylunder ,vas proven, or so they thought, Sthe fact that the dead man's watch was found upon his person; hIis pockets con taining a small sum of money, pencils, knives, note book, a small picture case, closed with a spring, and containinig Hilda Grant's picture, and a letter from his brother. Bilda Grant's brief testimony did not agree with that of Mrs Fry. "She saw her lover, alivo, for tho last lai time on the evenine beforo his death. He of was in good spirits, and if there was any- TI thing troubling him he gave no sign of it. lal He was by nature quiet and rather re- ba served,' she said. wl "Yes, she knew his habit of sometimes tl going to the lake shore beyond the town at to practice at target-shooting, but when to he did not appear at his post at nine o'clock, she never thought to send to the ol lake shore at first, because he usually re- r turned from his moru.nr exx'rcise before w nine o'clock, and so hei ti-s' h"ulht had t1 been to send to MIrs ry's ' t When the doctor and Rooer: cr about to leave the scene of the muraer, l among other instructions given to Doran e had been this: e "Don't say anything in town about Mir : Brierly's arrival ; you know how curious s our people are, and we would have a lot a of curiosity love r h.vering aroand my 1 place to see and hear and ask questions. Just caution the others, will you 1" Doran held an acknowledged leader- v ship over "the men withsI whom lie con sorted, and the group wiiingis preserved f silence. Later, when Doctor Baraes ex- i plained to Ferrars how lie had kept the curious away from his door, and froms Brierly, he thought the detective's grati fication because of this rather strange, just at first, and in cxcess of the c use. "You couldn't have done a better thing," Ferrars had declared. " It's more than I had ventured to hope. Keep Brierly's identity as close as possible un til the inquest is called, and then hold it back, and do not put him on the stand until the last." After Irs Fry, the boy Peter, and Hilda Grant had been questioned, Samuel Doran took the witness chair, telling of his summons from Mliss Grant, of the separation of the group at the Indian Mound, of his meeting with Mrs Jamie son, of the discovery made by his two companions and of all that fo lowed. And then Mrs Jamieson was called. She had entered the place accompanied by an acquaintance irom the Glenville, and they had taken, from choice, as it seemed to them, seats in the rear of the jury, and somewhat aloof from the place where Hilda Grant, Mrs Marcy, and Mrs Fry sat. Robert *rierly would have taken his place beside Hild,, but the detective interposed. "Owing to the precautions of the doc tor and Mr Doran, the fac: of your re lationship has not leaked out. It appears that Mrs Fry was not informed of your coming until the evening before, or Thuresdy evening, and she seems to be a very discreet woman. After the inquest you will be free to devote yourself to Mias Grant. Until then, it is my whim, if you like, to keep you incog." Of course Brierly acquiescd, but more than once he found himself wondering why this should seem to Ferrars needful. Mrs Jamieson came quietly to the wit nesses' chair, and took her place. There was a little stir as she came forward, for, while she had been for some weeks n Glenville, and had driven much about its country roads and lanes, she had gone, for the most part, more or less closely veiled in fleecy gauzes of black or white Afoot she was seldom seen beyond tle grounds about the family hotel. To.day, however, the lady had chosen to wear a Parisian looking gown of dull black silk and a tiny capote of the same material rested upon her blonde and abundant hair, while only the filmiest of white illusion veiled, but did not hide, the pretty face from which the blue eyes looked out and about her, gravely but with perfect self-possession. She told of her morning drive, and while so doing, Ferrars, sitting a little in the rear of the coroner, slipped into his palm a small card closely written upon both sides. Upon one side was written, " Usd these as random shots. And when she spoke of the man whom she had seen going into the ood nefirst the mound, the doctor interpose i first question. CHAPTER VIII. TRICKERY. As was quite natural, the three men, thrown so strangely and unexpectedly to gether at the doctor's cottage, sat up late after the inquest, and discussed th strange death of Charles Brierly in all its bearings. As a result of this they slept somewhat late, except the detective, who let himself out of the house at sunrise, and lighting a cigar, set off for a short walk, up one certain street, and down an other.' He walked slowly, and looked indo'ently absorbed in his cigar. But it was a very observant eye that noted, from under the peak of his English cap, the streets, the houses, and the very few stray people whom he gassed. It was not the people, though, in whom he was chiefly interested. Ferrars was intently studying the topography of the town, at least of that portion of it which he was then traversing with such seeming aim lessness. From the doctor's cottage he had saun tered north for several blocks, crossed over, until he reached the upper or ter raced street, and followed it until he had reached the southern end of the village and was in sight of the schoolhouse not far beyond. Turning here he crossed a street or two, and was nearing the house where the dead school teacher had lived, when he saw the front door of the house, open, and a woman come out and hasten away in the direction in which he was moving. She hurried on like one intent upon some absorbing errand, and, know ing the house as the late home ot Charles Briorly, and the woman as its mistress, Ferrars quickened his steps that he might keep her in sight, and when she turned the corner leading directly to the doctor's cottage he further increased his speed, feeling instinctively that her errand, whatever its nature, would take her there. He was not far behind her now, and he saw the doctor standing alone upon the side porch, saw the woman enter at the side gate, and the meeting of the two. Mrs Fry, with her back towards him, .was making excited gestures, and the face of the doctor, visible above her head, changed from a look of mild won der to such sudden anxiety and amaze ment that the detective halted at the gate, hesitating, and was seen at that instant by the doctor, who beckoned him on with a look of relief. ' Look here, Ferrara," ie began, and then turned to assure himself that Brierly had not arisen, and was not ob serving them from the. office window. "Come this way a few steps," moving away.from the porch and halting where thie shadow of the wing hid them from view from within the main dwelling. "And now, Mrs Fry, please tell Mr Grant what you had begun to tell me. I want his opinion on it. He's not a bad lawyer." " A good dotectiv. 'd be the right thing, I think," declared the woman. " It's about Mr Brierly's room, sir. He had a small bedroom, and another open ing out from it, where he used to read and study. You know how they were, doctor !" The doctor nodded silently. " Well, last night, you remember, when you brought this gentleman and his brother to my place to look at the rooms. You or lie decided not to go up then, but told me to close the rooms, and lie would come to-morrow-to-day- that would be." S"Yes, yes!" said the doctor, impa tiently, "we remember all that, Mrs Fry." '" Well, I'd had the rooms locked ever since I heard that he was dead." Mrs Fry was growing somewhat hazy as to her pronouns. "And I had the key in my pocket. Then, well, after a while I lit the lamp in the sittin' room so's it wouldn't seem so gloomy in the house, and went out and sat on my side stoop, and after a little my neighbor on that side, Mrs Robson, came across the lawn-there ain't no fence between, ye know-and we talked for some time, and my little girl fell asleep with her head in my lap." "Don't be too long with the story," broke in the doctor. "I don't want it to spoil Mr Brierly's breakfast, for he needs it badly. " Yes, sir. Well, just about that time -it must have been half-past eight, I guess-and there was plenty of folks ll a'ong the street, a boy came running scross the lawn and right up to me. "'If you please,' he says, touching his lat rim, ' Mr Brierly, down to the doc or's, forgot to get the key tu his brothers ,oom, and he sent me to get it for him.' Ss'poso I was foolish. I felt hurt, hinkin' he couldn't trust me with his c ,rother's things, an' so I jest hands out d he key and no questions asked." A look of sudden alertness shot from the eyes of the detective, and he arrested the doctor's evident impatience by a quick shake of the head unperceived by the woman, who was addressing her narrative to the doctor, as was natural. "I s'pose," she went on, "that I shouldn't a' done it, but I didn't scent anything wrong then. Mrs Robson went home in a few minutes, and then I roused my little girl up and took her in and put her to bed. She wms asleep again a'most as soon as her head touched the pillow, and the night was so pleasant-like that I threwv my shawl on my shoulders and went out on to the front stoop. I felt sort o' lonesome in the house all alone." "Of course," commented Ferrars, see ing the dread of their criticism or dis pleasure that was manifest in her face as sho paused and looked from one to the other. "One naturally would in your place.'. .-t "' "' -n tio , C two minuteo when that salno boy camo running up tho walk, all out of breath, hnd says, sort of panting between words, b SMa'am, the lady that lives next the on gine-house by the corner, stopped me just now an' asked me to come back here R in' beg you to come down there quick 1 Per little boy's got himself burned awfull" " Ah I see I" Ferrars spoke low as if to himself, and his face wore the look of one who is beginning to understand a riddle. "You went, of course ?" " Yes, I went." "Go on with the story, please. Tellit all as you have begun. Let us have the details, and he again nodded toward the doctor, who was regarding him with pro found surprise, and put a finger to his n lip" My sister-in-liw lives in the house by the engine-house," Mrs Fry hurried on, "and knowing how careless she is about keepin' things in the house against such times, I ran back into my bedroom and got a bottle of camphor and a roll of cot ton batt. 'Run ahead, boy,' I says to the boy, 'an' tell her 1 am coming; I must lock up my doors and winders.' 'She's in an awful hurry,' he says, 'cryin' fit to kill. I'll set right down here and watch your house, ma'am; I can do no good there.' The boy spoke so Ionest, and Mary's boy is such a dear little fellow, that I jest lost my head complete, and ran off down the sidewalk. At the corner I looked back. The boy was sittin' on the doorstep, an' I heard him whistlin' ; someway it made me feel quite easy. But when 1 got to the house and found them all in the sitting-room, and Neddy not hurt at all, but sound asleep on the floor, I was so took back t that I just dropped down on a chair and acted like a wild woman. Instead of rushin' back that very minute, I sat there and told how I had been tricked, and Sscolded about that boy, an' vowed I'd have him well punished, and so on, until M'ary reminded rme that I'd better get Sbac) home and see if the house was all right, or if 'twas only a boy's trick." , "It looked like one, surely," was the detective's easy comment. "That's what Mr Jones said. He's my Sneighbor. He was just going home, and we overtook him. Mary told him about Sthe boy and he laughed and said that Ssome boys had played that sort of trick last summer two or three times, sending people running across the town on such fool's errands. He thought maybe 'twas t some boy that I had offended some way; and then I thought about how crisp I was about givin' the boy Mr Brierly's key, and it made me feel sort of easier. But Mr Jones went in with us when we got to my Shouse. We looked all around downstairs and everything was all'right. Nellie was fast asleep still, and not a thing had been disturbed. Then we went upstairs, 'jusl Sfor form's sake,' Mr Jones said, ani looked in all the bedrooms, and even triel a Mr Brierly's door. Everything seemid , right, and so Mr Jones and Mary welt Saway, and I went to bed. But somewly SI couldn't sleep sound. I felt provoled Sand angry about that boy, and the more I t thought of him, his being a stranger snd Sall, the uneasier I got. Then I begas to Simagine I heard queer sounds, and cr'ak ing doors, and, right on the heels f all ' that, came a loud slam that waked Fellie e and made me skip right out of bed.'". S" A shutter, of course," said the doctor, is as she paused for breath. er " Yes, a shutter, and I knew very well co that every shutter on my house was either shut tight or locked open. I lookto that d every night, as soon as it's lamp-lighting m time; them downstairs I shut, them up at stairs I open, sometimes. I knevv where ie that alammin' shutter was by tha sound, andit set me to dressing quilt. I had n, opened the shutters on Mr Brierly's win he dow that very afternoon, thiaking the ,^ : .!- [ her rooms would not seem quite so dreary and on. lonesome when his brother came to look ,z- through 'em and they was locked open, I the knew well I All the same, it was them hat shutters, or one of 'em, that was clattering tim then, and I knew it." " Were you alone in the house, you .nd and your little girl 1" asked Ferrars. "at " All alone, yes, sir ; and I took Nellie ib- with me and went out into the hall-" " You mean downstairs 1" g "Yes, sir. We sleep downstairs. Now, re I thought I had seen that everything was right when Mr Jones and Mary was with U me, but when we went into that hall Doctor-" turning again toward that ad gentleman, for she had addressed her later remarks to Ferrars,-" I guess you ht may remember a shelf just at the foot of the stairs. It's right behind the door, Swhen it stands open, and thats why we Shadn't seen it, or 1 hadn't before. Well, adI always set the lamp for Mr Brierly's room- his bedroom lamp, that is-on that ' shelf for him every morning, as soon as it had been filled for the night's burning; , and the morning he was killed I had it s put there as usual, and it had been there Sever since. It was there when Mr I'rierly ut and you two gentlemen called, after the Id inquest." Id A queer little sound escaped the detec tive's throat, and again he checked the \- doctor's impatience with that slight move mr ent of the head. "I don't call myself brave," the or woman went on, "but I caught Nellie by the hand-I was carrying my bedroom er lamp-and ran up the stairs and straight Sto Mr Brierly's door. I don't know i what made me do it, but I stooped 1 down to look through the keyhole, and e there in the door was the very key I had o given to that boy to take to Mr 'rierly's $ brother" L " What did you do 1" asked the doctor, Sbreathlessly. d "I set down my lamp very softly, told SNellie in a whisper not to make a noise, and then very carefully tried the key. It ) turned in the lock. I didn't care to go in, it but I locked the door, left the key in it, and went downstairs and out at the front door. I went around the house, and stood under the window of that room. The side I window shutter that I had fastened back Swas swinging loose. I went back to the sitting room, locking the front door and the doors from the hall into the front room and sitting room, taking out the key of the front door, and leaving the other keys in the locks, on my side. Then I lit the big lamp, pulled down the curtains, fixed the side door so I could open it quick, and set the big Sdinner bell close by it. I made Nellie lie down on the lounge with her clothes on, ard there I sat till morning. Be 1 fore daylight I went into the kitchen and moved about very softly to get my self a cup of coffee and a bite of break fast for Nellie. I had been careful not to let her see how I was scared, and she went sound asleep right away. As soon as I thought you would be up I awoke my little girl, and left her sitting upon the side stoop, while I came here to you. Mr Brierly's brother ought to be first to enter that room, and-if there was anyone there last night-they're there yet." " What room is that which I ought to enter, Mrs Fry," said a voice behind them, and turning, all together, they saw Robert Brierly standing at the edge of the porch where it joined the wall of the doctor's room. "I was afraid oftthis," muttered Doc tor Barnes. But the detective seemed in nowise disncncorttd. - Neither did he .so0m inclinod to-liston, or allow Brierly I 'tor tl " -o tovsv o r r 'Y ou are nao -e in time-. ' Briorly," heo said, brisklY- . BIrs.a Fry believes that eomoore, hnas paid a visit to i your brother's rodmiduring the night, and I as she says, you are the one who should I investigate, and i think it ought to be i done at once, if you teel up to it." "I'll be with you in a moment," re plied irier;y, promptly, and he went in doors by way of the French windows which had given him egress. (To be. Contisned ) «- 1 