CmtlOXT LITEKATUKK. Lung ago students nf «liai was calli" " Tin' Illach Ai l " wore compelled In lu MTV careful in (lii'ii cumin.'I. Mollie Chm.h claimed a snit ol monopoly of III iiniliagomcul nf I ho ilciii/.ciis of tho unsee, world, ami any one calling them flinn tliei al'iulcs was li.llile tn l.e.-nnie ae<|llaiute. «Ith lin' liiiriiiug faggot alni stake. li these mildern times they give a now nanu t. the st inly--psychology, hoing (ho inns i on i proheiisi ve ? and spirit rapping, tabb I mili ULT, and intel vi. ws «¡th spirits ar anioiig Ihe popular onlertainmeiils of tin .ley. <;lm-ls nie spok. II of as mu,-li as eve. .I as a maller ol' mm-.' they lind theil «ay into literal ure. Toni Ossillgt.in : ( host* is i|iiile a eiiciiiiistaiilial acmiiiil. n ihe pioieeilillgsol'a gliusl. which could liol only ho seen, hui fell ami heard. Ho mai lie said lo bc the hern ol' the novel. Ttti young winn,'ii. mi.' a clerk al a city sture allot her a (parlier nf illunie nu.I u; embryo authoress, reside in ('Inver Collage Wandsworth -a rather 1,airly place. Tin imisir mistress one evening 'is on her win ont for snnictliing tn ten, when a nial Middy cnlers the hall, shuts the door ;,nil asks her to give him a lesson ¡1 music. She asks him lo lol lu- lim r him play, when he siniph cm-hauls her by his style of playing ; Minuet of Mozart's. Ho'catches a gliinps, nf a mail looking a( him from (ho rnaihvnv relirais out (hr hark door, and disappears This myst,-nous visidir is followed by ; si range woman, win» raves alunit ghosts ii i vory 111,1111, and aliiinsl frightens Hie gh- oul, of her wits. A midnight, burglar addi to her tenor. One nf tho young ladiei has a sweetheart who brings linnie willi him a companion. Ile turns out tn bo Hu lirst mysterious visitor. Ho has a loin, story to toll by way nf explanation, tin purport of which is that, thrrr is a .lcm man's wealth in Hie house, hidden some whore. 'Ihe ghost of tho owner- Ton; Ossington-is made lo appear (o ho mi active agent ill (he revelation of the fad A mystic scroll left hy Ibo midnight bur- glar seems to present a key to tho tm - ravelling of the mystery, and whets curi- osity. At last I ¡ic dead man's will i found, and it hill, serves lo increase thc excitement of the young women and their male visitors. Through tho influence of the ghost tho treasure is nt last dis- covered, and as it amounis (o £40,000 four impecunious young people are made very happy, lt is an incredible story, hut an air of probability is imparted lo il by (he clever style in which it is told. Mr. .lames Howden is issuing a series of ' Heart tn Heart " lillie bonks, which in contents and style and si.-.e resoluble Coul- son M'Kernnhaii's fanions paiiiplilol un "God and the Ant." "The Soul's (Juesl'* is one of Ibo latest, and is in many respects sinking. Wi will not allompt (0 eluci- date (¡ie train of reasoning which is fol lowed in it, bul prefer (o indicate its style and tenor by a few ipiot.ilinns. At the very outset the author says : " The experience of a persona! com- munion willi Omi is as universel as (ho human race. Appréciai ion ol' (he Divine jue sonco is more common than appreciation of nit, music.or literature. Men and women who do liol respond (o music, see 110 beauly in piel uros, never read, and could not under- stand literature if it were road to then., vet find comfort, in sorrow, strength ' '11 (cuiptul ion, rolling.- in danger, und added joy in their enjoyments flinn tho sense nf a rather's presence, in all climates and i <..lintlies, muong all races ami ill all epochs, limier nil ereodsand theologies, li.is expoiienee of eoinuiiiiii.il) with thu Kin mil i': KWH." "If the consciousness of God is uossible to all healthful souls, why aro so many meit and wollten w it hoof this coiiscioii". iicss V There are men and women, not a few. who do not want (ind. They winni bo very glad to have tied if he were always 01\. their side : glad to have (¡nd if he would always do what (hey want Him lo do. Hut a 'supreme will. .1' masterful will, a will (o vaieli (hey must conform, tliry do not want. . '. . Tho invisible ¡Did eternal world docs not attract thom: their thoughts do not run in thal direc- tion. . . There ari; many men who believe that lhere is a (¡od, and yet live, without any companionship with (Jod. be- cause (hey have taken in pince of God what is divinely intended only to bring thrill lo Him. . . Finally (anning hind- rances (God is infinite and we are finite; and, at Hie best, we call only know Him very little. . . lt. takes time lo glow. and the power of seeing God is a power thal must grow like any other power. " Thc object of science is. or ought to be. not merely to describe phenomena, amt to label and assort them, hut to perceive (heir intellectual relations: and that is to perceive (he Infinite Intellect which has pre-arranged thom, and is revealed ill and liv them. Science thinks the thoughts ni" God after Him. . . He who would soo (¡od must uso the faculty with which God is soon: and if lu; would do this, ho dist let null who are rich in the faculty which perceives the invisible-which look* liol nt the things which are seen and arc temporal, bul at the things which aro not seen, and aro eternal- guido, tenrh, and inspire him. Ill Ibis ipicst after God ia luirían lifo we must seek for (ho Divine ia the human; for the gold in (he ore; for the dowers among the weeds." In the same series is "What is Worth While '!"" To us this seems bul another form of answering (he first question in thc Shorter Catechism-"What is mon's chief end?" What is thc purpose of lifo -what aims and objects are worth striv- ing fur. 'J he authoress, nu American lady, ot Scotch descent, wc judge, from her name and thc appearance of some Scots words in her little essay, educated at Oxford, begins by asking what may bc lol go in Ibis modern state Y She answers: Wo may let go all tilings which we cannot carry into eternal life : pretence, worry, discontent caused by lack of lin 1111011 v with one's environment, and dissatisfac- tion with one's present opportunities, and solf-Bceking. On these points she medi- tates, mid goes on to descant on work life and work being imperishable-and friendship and love. Tho writing is plain and simple and very suggestive. Upwards ol' a year agu there appeared ill " Pearson's Magazine" a series of start- ling articles on the social condition of people engaged ill industrial pursuits in langland. Inder their original tille, "Tho White Slaves of Eng. hind,"* they have been published in book lorin which has inn through three large editions. It is a companion volume to "The Cry of the Children," noticed hy us a few weeks ago. This is a book thal poli- ticians should read and ponder upon. There is a preface pregnant will) suggestive mutier, and Ilion follow articles descriptivo of the conditions under which alkali work- ers, nail-makers, slipper-makers, and tailors, woolcuiub.'is, whitelead «orkers, and eliain luukers pursue their several callings, lt is very distressing reading. One cannot think of the men ¡mil women and little i hil.lice cuni.riled' liv stress of circum- stances to live such cheerless, hopeless lives as n:i: here depicted. The cniditinn of many «.hisses of workers has ri.ived tho atten- tion of Parliament, 'mt ¡my great reuiedy ol their lot seems impossible. We aro not without hope (hat means may be devised .Tim OSSIMITON'S llllosr. l'y llii-liaiil .Mardi. Lomlnti : .Ifltni-H Howden. .TllK Knri.'s Ol HST. Uv «ci. I.VI1..H. Al.linlt, D.D.. n,lllior of "Tile Cvnlill inn ,.f 1'liriHiaiiil) .'Jn-. Wim IN WoiiTll Wiui.H Kv Anna Itnli.'rtüon Hr.n\n, nnllinr ol 'Thc Viclnrv nf Our l'ail h." ic. London : Janies UonHi'ii, in llciirii'iiii-slri i I, WC. -TllK W'IUTK si.A\ v.* <n ICMII.IMI: Hi'hi(r truc nirliirrH of certain i-orii.l cniiililions in Hip Killirriotll of Knçlailll in Hie year lf-07. Uv Kotiert llarlioroiish Sherard, aullinr of "Jaoob Niemand," &c.; London; James Howden, leny. l'y which (lie circumstances ¡ii wliii'li Ibo wliiielc:tl amt all.ali workers toil may lia iinprovo.l. 'Tin y ure in very ileerl white slaves-iciliiceil by circumstances to slavery, fruin wliieh il a|i]icars tiley eniinin. einerite. Let us hupe nieeliaiiieal means of carrying ou stich ilnugcrous work limy be ilisenvereil, ami (liai wbole families innv be I si nt oui lo <,liieenslainl f o lea il heaîtliv, I happy, hopeful lives. j 