Muriel's Atonement. By CLARA MULHOLLAND, Author o£ "A Striking Contrast," "Kath leen Mavourneen," &e.; COPYRIGHT. I had been feeling far front well for some time. A sharp attack of Influenza, followed by a still sharper touch of pneumonia, hnd weakened and depressed me. Change of air and scene, with plenty of variety and amuse ment, was absolutely necessary for me, the doctor declared. If I did not get this soon he feared the consequences. I smiled sadly, 'and looked at my mother. "We are not rich, doctor. My father could not afford to take us all away, and to go anywhere alone would be too dreary." "Most certainly, and not to be thought of for a moment." "Then I must stay at home, take my tonic, and hope for the best." And I heaved a deep sigh, little dreaming of the delightful Invitation that 'was even then on Its way to nie. My mother's only sister had- married a wealthy man without business or profession. They had no children, and ns they were both fond of travel and excitement, had no settled home. They wandered here, there and everywhere. And often for a year or more we had no Idea whether they were in Europe, India or America. Eight mouths hnd now elnpscd since my aunt had lust written, and it was, therefore, with extreme plcnsure that I (the very day after the doctor's visit) received a letter from her, anuouuelug her arrival in Loudon. She and Uncle Tom were tired of roaming about, she said, and had made up their minds to stay in England for the next two or three years at least, and had rented a furnished house In Yorkshire, where they In tended to reside as much ns possible. "We are anxious, for once, to spend a happy English Christmas," she wrote, "and have luvlted a number of friends to come to us both before, for, and after that time. We are to have constant relays of visitors all through the winter. Our flrst arrive on the Sth of December, so you must meet us on the 7th, uud travel with us up to Cleeve Hall. I will expect you to stay nil the time, ns I must have someone young and pretty to help me to entertain my guests, aud make things pleasant. So be sure you come with out fall, dearest Celln. Tell your parents, with my love, that tbey must do without you for one Christmas. Your loving Aunt Carry. r.S.— Be sure you bring plenty of sinnrt frocks, as we shall be more thnu gay. I en close cheque to cover all expenses." This was delightful. The very thing I wanted, and mosC-joyfulIy I set to work tp lprvpnre for my visit This, thanks to kiy. jaunt's generosity; T Was able to do In a magnlt|eent. :iipiiiticr, rtud pn he day men tioned ifijyldidiVl-' Jfcft the? Rectory with a ttrotissenu the llko--Jf: 'fylilck I had never acoamcdvit -irdsslble! 't<r possess, uud with which .1 wus .pdiifefllly enchanted. The journey Into Yorkshire was accom plished with ease aud comfort; and my aunt, uncle nud I arrived at Cleeve Hall in ex cellent time that afternoon. We looked out eagerly ns we approached our new abode, uud as we drove through the old wrought-lrou entrance gates, up a long avenue, we were tilled with admiration. Cleeve Hall stood in the midst of a flue park, nnd wns surrounded upon all sides by noblo oaks, tall limes and stately waving firs. It was an Irregularly built, but pic turesque, mansion of red brick, with large buy windows nud wide balconies. The lawns were well laid out aud planted with such a variety of beautiful evergreens that even In the dusk of a December afternoon the place did not look as desolate and dreary us one would have expected. Inside, the house was luxurious, aud was furnished throughout with such excellent taste that my uuut aud undo were delighted. That evening we (lined alone, and us I was weary uud tireiT after my Journey and un- uBiinl excitement, 1 bade "Good night" early and retired to bed. My room was a curious one, aud my feel ings upon entering It were nut altogether agreeable. The bed, which stood In an ul- cove, was draped with blue silk curtains; the walls were hung with tapestry of quaint design; a large bow window, very high from the ground, with a perfect staircase of steps leading up to It, occupied all oue end; whilst a handsome wardrobe of inluld satin wood filled up the other. Several candles burned brightly upon the dressing table, but their light was not sufllclent to illuminate the distant corners, and I grew somewhat ner vous us I peered Into their unfathomable depths. "Grandeur Is not always pleasant," I said with a shiver. "I was more comfort able nnd happy lu my own little poorly fur nished room at home than in this flue chum- ber." Then, laughing at myself for being so silly, I hurriedly made my preparations for the night, blew out the candles, nnd crept Into bed. For some time I lay watching the fire light upon the walls nnd celling, and then a drowsy numbness stole over me, nud I fell asleep. But all at once a noise like the tapping or fluttering of a bird against tlie windows startled ine, nnd I snt up agitated and op pressed. The room was now In complete darkness. The (Ire hnd died down In Un grate; the window curtains were closely drawn. Then suddenly, out of the gloom, sur rounded by a halo of brilliant light, the figure of a young girl, clad In n simple white dress, n blue ribbon round her wulst, cnmc gliding softly across the floor, and stood at the foot of my bed, gazing at mo with snd, sweet appealing eyes. I tried to speak "To her, but my tongue clove to the roof of iny mouth, nnd no souDd enmo forth, ns I marvelled who she could lie, aud how she had entered the room. The door wns shut, the window fast bolted. But ns I wondered, Iter lips parted, aud In a low but dlBtlnct voice Bbe whispered: "To-uiorrow you will meet oue who has suffered much. You will know hltn by his pale, proud face and melancholy eyes, i destroyed . his ; happiness— you must „ 7 " It. Be kind— be kind." st "store I gazed at her, trembling, and ti-i,.,i < speak; but ere I could reply her for,,, , , became shadowy, Indistinct, then rank! C<i' leaving the room In darkness as befo?" ' I felt sick and fulnt. A cold persnirmi stood upon my brow, and I lay wl.i? ,n a eyes staring into the gloomy corners' i,f,"i'i to move, afraid almost to -breathe w .11 lug who this strange visitant could be ,"; how she had managed to enter my room " I hen gradually my terror subsided ' n was one of the servants playing 11 walking In her sleep, 1 told nivseif m, ' oc have entered by the door wld, ' " .fe"1"" morrow I would complalu to the ." " keeper — nnd better still lock ihe L, ' 0." then I need have no fcur door— and Agitated and excited I'tossed from shin i„ side upon my pillow, the str-ine,. , had Just heard ringing iuiuyralf WOrdiJ 1 "It is ubsurd— I will think of them „„ !onger," I cried. "And I shall take care never to hear them again. A - h i., ?? habit of sleep-walking should va el and not allowed to wander at will throng a house at night. I wish I dared get un am follow her. But," shivering, "1 dam J— ud tlle". at lust, utterly worn ou' I fell asleep once more. 1 When 1 next awoke the morninc- c..„ shining brightly lu at the window! The Zn tain had been drawn aside; my bath inm.i my walking dress laid ready upon a chat? By aunt's maid had evidently been hi, but n'S gone away -without disturbing me s,?r prised, that I should have slept so sou tdlv iiuiUso long, I sprung up uml, dressing X rle.lly, ran down to the dlnlugrount where fast"11 " UUCk' besl,mluB break- Aunt Carry nnd I spent n pleasant moral,,.. wandering over the old house, nnd many aSa curious were the things it contained "This, now-, Is a uhurming mom," cried my. aunt, lending the way into n small iu"ct druwingroom. "This I shall keep as my own particular sanctum." J It wns u delightful little boudoir, panelled In white wood, a wide oriel window, nud a llucly carved chimney piece, covered with exquisite old elilnn. Over the flro place framed luto the wall, was a very beautifully painted portrait, and I started anil trembled as I met the sad sweet eyes of the girl who hnd uppcnreil so strangely at the foot of my bed, the night before." "Why, child," snid Aunt Carry, "one would think you had seen a ghost. That pretty portrait seems to. alarm nnd fascinate you. You look quite pale." >- "Who Is she?" I gasped. "Does she live here?" "Certainly not, and who she Is I cunnot tell you. Some daughter of the house. But we took the plnce through an agent nud know nothing of the family. She looks charming, I think." "Yes— vevy." "And this embroidery, Celln— Isn't It ex quisite? And this piece of Sevres? Oh! 1 must fetch Tom to look nt this." And as my mint went nwny to find licr husband, I sank upon a chair, my eyes riveted upon the picture. Then hearing my nuut and uncle returning I escaped upstairs. On the flrst landing I met Aunt Carry's maid. "I linvo taken your things Into a smaller nnd plcnsnnter room, Miss Celln," she said. "Your nuut thought the one you slept In laBt night too big nnd gloomy." "Oh, tlinnk yon," I cried. And with a sigh of relief I followed her luto a elinrm- lag daintily furnished little room, looklug out upon the flower garden. "I shall say nothing of what I saw or dreamt last night," 1 decided, looking round me with pleasure. I shall be happy here and sleep peacefully. They might laugh nud Jeer— perhaps tell the guests us they arrive — and that 1 could not stand. I shnll forget the whole tiling its fust ns I can." At ten time that afternoon, n merry parly gathered together In the old oak panelled hall, nnd I wns duly presented to the newly, nrrlvcd visitors. When I hnd recovered from my flrst shy ness, I looked eagerly, anxiously round the room. The company . Included persons of various ages. There were elderly matrons nnd tliclr husbands, young girls anil several unmnrrlod men. But not one corresponded with the description given to mo by niy ghostly visitant. There wore dark men and fair — many jovial, light lionrtoil fellows— nud one or two with an air of blase dis content. But nowhere did I see the "pnlc proud face with melancholy eyes. Upon convincing myself of this, I heaved a sign of relief, nnd laughing nt niy folly In think ing seriously of what must have been a drenm, I joined In 'the lively clinter that was going on around me. Tlmt evening I put on n pretty white silk, with n bunch of scarlet berries at my breast, nnd run down to the drnwlngrooni before dinner, feeling well pleased with myself. I wns looking fiulte my best, and reflected with n satisfied smite that at ill cveuts my aunt would have no reason to be aftbameu of her niece. "My dear Celln, you really look charm- lug," wus Aunt C'nrry's greeting ns I enter ed. "Mr. Goring must tulce you lu to din ner. And see that you are extremely nice to lltlll." "Mr. Goring, nuutlo, Who Is lie? I cried, in astonishment. No one of that name uau as far as I knew arrived that aflcruoon, nud I could not think whom she ineniit. But nt Ibis moment my nuut bud to aloud to uer duties ns hostess, and dropping luto tac background, 1 stood watching our tliey enrne pouring lu, one after the other. But no one iipponrcil whom I bail lint see at tca-llinc, and I decided Hint ninitlc l a made n mistake lu the name, and meant one of the gentlemeu whom I bad already, met. Quite satlsfled with this explanation of lier words, I was talking to a Huff vouug American lately arrived from New York, when I heard my uncle say: "We are nil assembled, Carry, I tinsi tbev will not keep ns waiting for dinner. "No, no. It Is not time, dear. Aud » ir. Goring has not come down yet. lie nrrn '"'Another guest." My hands trembled, ami I let my fan slip from my fingers, - Bnrncs stooped to pick It up, and I quickly towards the door, which at that » stnnt opened to nttiult n tall, spare am tremely rellned-looklng man. Ho hi'" across to my nuut with outstretched I"1"; ,, "I mil so sorry, nnd apologise profnsoi.. he sold In n clear, sweet voice. ' train wns late, nnd I did not arrive til I anm the dressing hell had rung. I trust you liar not waited for me?" "Not ut nil. You are in excellent t bp Mr. Goring," said my nuut, smiling «P ' » nnd from her milliner I suw nt once thu mini was a favorite. "Ccllii. my def , I Introduce .von to Mr. Goring. »' tinued, drawing mo forward. -»r. t my niecp, Miss IjIiuIo." t n,y He bowed, and ns I looked up a ml P« band In Ills, my heart stood still. " ( |u, trembled and grew cold as ilcnt 1 1. . boiy pale, proud face nud handsome, nit ; eyos of Mr. Gerald Goring. I ft „rertjcted saw the man whom the apparition p aud 10 whom she lma bcssert fiimiVr Mr. Goring <11(1 not prove n D?r'n milium nnd it was with n fooling "mooso relief thnt I rose up nud followed HrnS "lurrwns excite! nnd Tb.at?f WhoS I "ut out tlie lights nnd "Vi ,tn bed I lay Pon e!cd a,ul 1,rcatllk'K3' E ine fearing, dreading that the apparition o'uid a4ln show Itself at the foot of my Ss'theroom'inahes a difference,' I afldutlnst. "I hope so. ' And I fed "S day I scarcely saw Mr. Goring, as lie .Vriwl earlv for the moors, and It was too dull and damp for the ladles to join the shooting parly at luncheon. In the evening f,» U d not sit near me at dinner, and ns I tntcbcd him surreptitiously from the far S of the table, 1 noticed that he spoke 1,5" seldom, and was absorbed nud prcoc- C'5rte man 1ms a snd story," I reflected. I wonder what It Is? She said she had de stroyed his happiness, and thnt I -You are looking at Goring, I sec," re worked my neighbor, Mr. Barnes. "Isn't he a melancholy fellow? I wonder what s the "I'smrted and blushed deeply. 1 was an noyed to he caught watching one of my aunt's guests, and tlie man's words Irritated """J guess lie's not what one would call a ladles' man," he continued. "He was quite lively on the moors, but the moment we 'ap proached the house a cloud seemed to fall upon Mm." . . "At the thought of facing the Indies." "Perhaps. At all events In the house he Is silent, depressed: out of doors ho Is .quite pood company. Have you known him '""Only Since last night. My uncle and mint made his acquaintance at Moato Curio two years ago. They say he was quite different there." Tlien it must ho the air of tills old house thnt disagrees with him. Perhaps ho lias seen a ghost?" "A ghost!" I sank back with a little cry, as before me seemed to rise the shadowy phantom In the white clinging dress;; and'The sad wall of her voice raug once more In my cars. 1 . .. ; "I destroyed his happiness. -.'You must re store It. Be kind— he Kind " y' "You are 111, Miss Lludo. , Take a . little wine. The room is- too hot," . cried. Mr. Barnes, la much distress. ' , . "No, no. I'loase don't not Icq, me, or attract my aunt's attention. ' It' ls; rather hot; , but It is not that.' I " "1 lmd uo hlcn you tvere- so ( nervous. - IL was foolish of me-to tnlk nhout ghosts, and, of course, It's all nonsense.'' "Oh, of coarse," I cried, recovering my self-possession. "It was not- — But see, my aunt is going." Aud i spraug gladly to my frrt The next day was one of brilliant sunshine nnd lninl frost, so were the three succeeding days, nnd then the lee being declared strong enough to hear, the youngcr inembers of the party set off together to enjoy a few hours' skating upon a lake, In a beautiful demesne, some lulles away. As I seated myself. to put -on my skates, Mr. Goring suddenly aippcnrud.nt my side. V "Allow ine, Miss Llndo," lie sald,'.< smil ing. Surprised beyond measure, I gave him my skates, and I could scarcely, believe my eyes wkcu he went down upon one knee, before ine, and deftly- fastened the straps. Ami wlien lie stood up again .nud asked me to talce a turn with him round the lake I was still more astonished,' and very tlimikful that, having spent two winters. Ill St. Morltz, I was by no means a poor performer. . Mr. Goring was an .excellent skater, niul as we skimmed lightly .over, the- lee' lie -iin- ocnt ns he had never done , before. . He was a delightful companion, mid ns I glanced' n't t ic clean cut, hnndsomc features, the piile, clear skin, the short aristocratic lip and ani mated Intelligent fneet 'I marvelled more nnd more at the gloom and depression;., from which lie usually .suffered., ' Afler this, the days lluw iinstjilquieksue- eession. the flne.-frosty weatlier'contliiued, aau we spent most of -our time unon thc leo. iisllors ciiuie and went atjCleevc Hull, buY. ns Goring still " lingered ' on . amongst dSe.-lalkcd frequently, of, going, hu'k whs ai- nilnf' ,a'F6Ua hd to. qiroloitg', Ills3 visit .by.1 my. a uit and unele, who' appeared to;:have "con ceived a strong .affection', for lilnijr' it.-i , ,innn!» I? ,Wll." h<' was/near: i'.vvas.bllssfuily ?n, , cn 110 wandered- from my sldoiuid talked or .walked with; anyone; else; I felt cnilous and dlssatlsfled; vYhen lie snbke of li?? c!SiiUS h'T.koulwiia' fllled ivlth. anguish. 31ull,, w'lis more to me thnu uiiytliliig in 11 tbe dll>'« wore- on, hud on Christmas l'i.Mw „ a uy 'friends and I went off to- ,,i. 10 decorate the village church, slm? (.7 nn,ls lnake "ff'd work," and In a u ni ts , aa,"r wreiitl.s wore hung, mil lion n 5 lowcrfi arranged to our satisfac- "1<1,,wu wandered out of the church TiS.,1 , , moss-grown graves;,, or propped behind, nnd, careless beside' i nLi" ' doWU U1)0" tUo 8raBN almost tin white marble lnmiument, nnd seHptlou— ' y 1 rcnd Ulc sh01,t lu "Saerod to tlie Memory of Muriel. . ; . „ Aged Nineteen." lierhaiw Toung," I Sighed; "hut world of p,dm" ' ' WU8 sllvcd from a l„m-|!'!"1,d ,V18 la,d "Pun my shoulder, and ikI liitm! £ ?."w .G,,,'ald Ilorlng white nud .lif! standing before me. away""1" Uway"" he <»«> "Oh, come ehnvelivii'l'i "c<j and followed hi in out of the the lonely iiioorlnu<f. 'UCO W 8tr0"Cd aCr0SS . WlliflL8 vm.,"a0,', h<; Snld' "m>1' " tlU,e> "hW It JOU came to sit near that grave?" tired H'i'i! i'!11' ,'"aa«'. 1 suppose. I felt "A ,i down without looking where." Ihhtir I it '!;Tirou\ Hilng— a most dangerous "er" ltiii a 0,lt "f doo,a »t this (hue of girl's hlsto?" /" "V0 y0" CVv'' ht'ard th»t uoio' 1 "0V<;1 snw or heard her name till "she a'l'id'l ns0," 110 sn,d' tvttl' emotion, , , engaged to he miirrled." of lillv Iniii'VV" V"1 loolit',1 with eyes full 1 1 <d(. ? i o r ' "u Hip t" '' handsome face; but 1 !'<>' l-<! M . In o d " s 10 " n ' e l-v— <1 o v t o <I t y , " ilnlntv iiftin t very lovely. A !'l i' o rm |n,|,. !',f' wlth the purest over li',r "E1 Kold' Srowlng nil curls itii/ii n 11 »»yrlnil of tiny Ijuu'u Im , , NVI!S self-willed, nnd could not P«:vntV wp«,0S8ed. I1 tlie smulk,Bt tldng. lior 1»"noi<d lu," "t,U,,thy' nnd hud» nI1 bC1' lik'> tho vn.n if1111 eBt wUlm. 101 glit months n'i». the' lonurtn;';!,,?"'1111' CK'L'V she'oucTtheelghs?"1'' lMl'< Golius- .wa3 j lie bowed bis bend. ' "Mrk Eje'Sh's 0,l|y child. She was killed ', by a fall from her horse before my vcrv eyes." ' "How terrible!" "Terrible indeed! . And all the more so when one remembers that lior deutli was caused by. her own folly nnd pervcrscness. In a lit of childish bravado she one day lu- fluted upon Jumping n fence, which '1 'as sured her was dangerously wired upon tlie far side. . " 'I can easily clear It, nnd I will Jump 11, she cried, and uway she went. - .' "Oh, God!" he nuirmured, "how piiiiiily I see It all. The lovely, pouting lips, the delimit pose of the (golden head as' she flew ipust me on her spirited little mare. Then , the awful crush— tlie siul hours beside her as she lay cold and dead upou tlie ground, whilst tlie groom went In search 'of a car- rlage ill which to convey lior back to the hull. The last days — the fuiicral — and my heartbroken departure from tho old house- from which I went vowing never to return.'? "And yet you came," I whispered through my tears. "How you must have suffered!" "Suffered?" lie said, turning suddenly, niul looking straight Into my eyes, '?yes-at lirst." , He paused abruptly and, stooping, gather ed a piece of heather aud placed It in his buttonhole. . "I met your uncle and nunt nlirond, ns I daresay they have told yon; Miss Undo, and we became fast friends. They knew: nothing of my story, so .when, tliey took the Hall they at once' invited , ine to come to tlieim My first inclination wiis. to refuse". I hesi tated... Something, drewt'mh To the old, place —nnd I enme. In .thc house I was depressed, miserable. The thoughts of Muriel haunted me. I saw her at every turn, nnd I resolved to go. But go I could not. Something com- polled mc .to stay.' As the dnys wont oti-I grow more peaceful. In the open air— with you,, talking. to. your— — " . My. heart heat tumultuously, and I dared not raise, my "eyes... '"' " "I gradually ' hbcnino- happier. A Weight seemed Tlfted' from niy heart. TVh'en you were near I: forgot ;pust troubles. I l'elt able to smile— to laugh.' I seemed to grow young again. Old, memories faded. .Things that used to pain me' did so iio more. In the boudoir lmiigs MnrloTs portrait, and' I have looked at It 'without n pang.- 1-" ' Muriel!" "Oil, then, It wns she," : I cried, "who chine to me and: told "mo! I recognised licr at once when I saw tlie por trait.'! Audi: stammered out a', full descrip tion of the apparition that lmd visited me upon the night of . my nrlvnl at Cleeve Hall, "How Iiinrvellous!" ho murmured, with changing color In an .-awe. . struck voice. "Did you see: her. more tlinn once?" .. 'No, only oiieo. And I was nervous, over wrought. 'Tho Blue Chamber' Is big and gloomy." ....... ,v. "Tho room in which ( they, laid- lior, t? lie covered his face .with, his bauds,, "at the Inst.'? L: . . . "It may have boon a- dream— a— a fancy "No," he answered solemnly. "You saw swoot ..Muriel— of that I am. convinced. . But why did she come— to you? Did. she speak?" . . - (: .... .. "Yes," wltli crimson checks. "She-sho told me I should .-meet you— described you accurately." - "llo'w strange! (And oh, Cello; was.;. that all?" '- : "No, she told mo to he kind to you.'! "My darling, slio . wished to atone. no caught my. hands and held them : tightly withiu hls own. ' - "And you have helped her by your kindness. But, oil!- Celln, cnii you -love ine — Yon liuvo. hoard ,ihy story, know how I have suffered, how. my happiness' wtis Wreckda— can j-ou— wttl yon trust yourself to me?"- I raised my' head, nud looking up shyly Into his face, I whispered, '.'Yes, for I love you,, and long to see. you liniipy.!' \- "My love, my wife, you shall," he cried; nnd drawing me to his -'breast he sealed his promise with a kiss. , " The. End.' (("(. 