DISCOYERY OF GOVERNOR ; PHILLIP'S GRAVE. . LETTER FROM MR. J. BONWICK.- It was announced a few weeks ago by cable gram that Mr. James Bonwick, F.R.G.S., bad dis covered the grave oC Admiral Phillip, the first Governor of New South Wales. The following notes from a letter just received in Sydney from him xv i 1 1 be of interest to students of our early, history: — "After h'aving found the graves of Governors Hunter, King, and Bligh in the neighborhood of London, described in my official transmissions to Sydney, I sought for Phillip's monument. "As it was known that ho had died at Bath, I naturally sought for the monument there. After searching records at tho abbey, the parish church of Walcott, etc., without success, I fan cied the body had been taken to Hampshire, where he had lived so many years. Twice I went down thither 111 the search, and even con sulted a third time persons on the spot. Though meeting with ready help from clergymen, regis trars, and others, besides examining the monu ments of churchyards and churches, 1 got no more light. "Again I went to Bath, had inquiries made in local papers, and consulted editors. I engaged, on another occasion, a person from Bristol to search. Baffled, I rested a year or so, and then re-opened inquiries at Bath Guildhall. Fortu nately, a local antiquarian C.C. came to tho res- cuo, as an effort was being made to place records on Bath houses associated with Bath celebrities. Thus I got from our office a request to say what I knew about our first Governor at Bath. ; "My reply gavp1 the number 39 Bennett-street as the place I had some years before ascertained, by a visit, to be where he had died, August 31st, 1811\. I then urged Mr. T. Sturge-Cotterell In further. Investigation. Upou his conferring with the Mayor, Major Simpson, it was resolved to send out a circular, addressed to churchwardens within and without the city. "One gentleman, General Deshon, replied that tho memorial was to be seen in Bathampton Church, within whose walls the Admiral had heen burled. "Upon securing this news I went up to Bath, November 27th, where I was met By Mr. Sturge- Cotterell, who took me to the mayor. It was th'eu I presented the line photo. I had procured by an eminent man from the portrait in "Phil lip's Voyage," which was secured on behalf of the Bath Council. "Soon after the Mayor and the councillors took me to Bathampton, where wo were shown by the General the slab in the church floor cover ing the remains, just Inside the old porch. The inscription was fairly legible, as the little church of the village, hanging aloft over the Avon Val ley, was not used by a large number of wor shippers treading over the slab. We read this:— Underneath lies the Remains Of ARTHUR PHILLIP, Esqr., Admiral of tho Blue, Who died 31st August, 1814, . In his 79th year. Also of ISABELLA, . '\ Relict of the Above Admiral Phillip, -i Who.dled 1st March, 1823, In the 71st year of her age. "The church contains memorials of the Mur- - chlson family, and i slab near tho Communion Table was tliero placed in memory of the great geographer and philosopher, Sir Roderick Mur- chisCn. Other records relate to tho great Allen family, of Bath, including the AUworthy of 'Tom Jones.' A battered figure, representing apparent ly some ancient bishop, Is now inserted in the outer wall; while a much-damaged crusader is placed on a window-sill. "No. 19 Bennett-street was next the object of my " pilgrimage, with the antiquarian. "The resident, an elderly lady, born in that house/Inhabited by her father, Dr. Bowie, kindly, showed me the rooms formerly occupied by the good Governor, particularly his study aud the bedroom Iu which he had died. "A curious tradition was then narrated, in con nection with which I was conducted to the room occupied by a servant under the roof, to which access, was given from the room by a trap- door. A ghost, it is said, descended by that exit into the room, to the horror of the awakened domes- tie. "The account related to her mistress, mother of n\y informant, by the terrified girl was that she saw the spectre so descend, stand for a time gazing on her, aud then gradually disappear. She mentioned that he appeared in a suit of navy blue. Shown the picture of a distinguished naval commander, she declared the ghost to be habited just like that. "Had the deceased Admiral, after promenading on the roof, chosen to re-visit his former abode In search of tho wlfo he had left behind? It is the current belief that this uneasy spirit, what ever it be, returns to the house on the eve of the death of a tenant there, and makes his presence known by travelling up aud down stairs without list slippers! "The Mayor of Bath promises to send the Mayor of Sydney a photo, of Bathampton Church, wherein the ashes of Phillip rest. Tbe photo, of the terrace — Bennett-strett, in No. 19 of which Phillip died — is scut on to Sydney this week, belug brought down by me on Saturday. "The Mayor and council would bo glad if the New South Wales colonists desired some expres sion of tholr goodwill by raising a sura for a Bath memorial of Phillip. A11 admirers of Phil lip would be rejoiced at such a Sydney acknow ledgment, of their iirst Governor. JAMES BONWICK. "London, Decomber 3, 1897." 