THE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS; OR COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST, By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, " Author of the Mysterious Man in Blue." CHAPTER XVI.— COLONEL CODY A PRISONER. Cody, whom we left crossing the stream, had never in his life before been in such a position, when he was so ut terly helpless, and he realised it fully. He had on the cumbersome indlarubber suit, covering his body completely, his legs and arms, and fastening close around his neck. 4 Over this was the gear, that held him to the chain, so that his weapons were all covered up, and not serviceable at a moment's call. \ On the shore, where he had left his horse, stood the two men. They now had their rifles levelled at him, so that to retreat would be certain death. ! Just as the man called out his name, as he recognised him, a shout came from up the stream, and two other men left at the bridge crossing came running down to join their comrades, one of them crying: "Say, pards, we has found Wirt Jas per's horse hitched among the rocks. What does it mean?" „ "It means thet thar hes been a devil's game played agin us, and now it's our time ter play our trumps, for we has Cody here." The scout heard and saw all, and, fully aware that he had not one chance in a thousand, he very coolly accepted the, to him, unfortunate situation. So he call ed out : i "I'm coming ashore, and we'll talk it over," The rifles— four now— fetill covered liim; and as be landed there were ready hands to help him off with the gear and waterproof suit, as also his weapons. "Quite a clever scheme this, and I was just trying to see how it would work," announced Cody, pleasantly. "You'll find out how a rope will work afore we is done with yer." "Is that so? I'm a pretty good roper myself." "You is Cody?" "Yes; nobody else." "And I'll bet you was on our trail." "Certainly! Why not?" "How did you git Wirt Jesper's horse?" "I played a game for him and won." "How did you g't across the chasm?" "Never mind. I am your prisoner, and you are men of the band of Midnighters. I played to win, and lost." "You is cool about it." "The weather is cool. I think we will have a very cold winter, for it is begin ning early to freeze." The men looked at the handsome scout in surprise at his indifferent man ner. They all knew him well by name, and a couple of them had seen him be fore—one of them being a deserter from the army, whom Cody recognised at a glance, though lie did not appear to do so. "Well, Cody, you has put yer foot inter it this time, for we is Midnighters, and we come here to stretch ther bridge fer ther cap'n, who is coming back with ther men. He'll be mighty glad to see we has got you, you can swear to that! You has got Wirt Jas per's horse and weepons, and yer'll have ter give an account of yerself, and if yer don't hang it will surprise in"." Cody laughed lightly, made no resis tance, and was securely hound. Then he watched one of the men don the waterproof suit and cross over, roll ing it up and hooking it on to the chain, when it was drawn back by a rope, and a second man put it on and went over. Then the other two led him up to where the bridge was hidden, and he sat quietly watching their clever manner of spanning the torrent. He saw the horseshoes whirled across to the two men on the other side, and watched them drag the chains over and make them fast to the windlass that had been brought from its hiding-place. When the chains were taut the two men on his side of the stream rolled the flooring down, and, piece by piece, it was spread on and made fast until the novel bridge was completed. "Well, that is what I call a very cle ver piece of work," said Cody, admir ingly'. "Our cap'n a very clever gent. By Jove, we is jist in time, for he's coming now!" As the man spoke there rode into view a large man, well mounted and tho roughly armed. He wore his hair long and a full beard, and he was dressed in military boots and a fatigue uniform coat, with black army hat, encircled by a cord. In addition to his revolvers he wore a cavalry sword swung to his belt, and bestrode a military saddle. Cody recognised him at once from what he had heard of the chief of the Midnighters, but who was simply known as Captain Lawless, the road agent, and leader of the outlaw band of Midnighters. . Behind the j eader came a dozen yneta. fine led horses, some of which were loaded with, booty. The Midnighters were evidently just returning from a successful raid. CHAPTER XVII.— FOLLOWING A PHANTOM. As the outlaw captain came to a halt, the man who was the leader of the bridge party stepped up and held a short conversation with him, the scout knowing that he was the- subject of what they were talking about. The chief saw his men cross the bridge with their booty, the captured horses showing some reluctance at the risk; but when all had got over, he called out; "Now, unsling the bridge and come on to camp, all but two of you, who wait to see if we are pursued, though I do not believe it "possible our trail can be fol lowed, especially as we have the man most to be dreaded a prisoner." Then he rode up to the scout and con tinued; "Well, sir, we meet at last, and you look just the man I had pictured you." "And you- look like a gentleman, though you are a thief and a cut throat," was the sharp response of the undaunted scout. The face of the outlaw clouded, but he replied: "A man standing on the brink of the grave should be more choice in his lan guage. But we will not quarrel now ; so mount that horse you were found in possession of, my men tell me, and we will ride together, while you explain how you came to have the animal, and perhaps can account for Wirt Jasper and his two companions." "When a man encounters an outlaw, he is at war with honest men, and must expect to fight for his life. Your three men played the game of life and death here, at this bridge, with me, ancW lost. I took chances that came my way to hunt you down, and you have won; so that is all there is about it." "Well, you -are cool about it, to say the ieast. Yes, you took big chances, but it was like you, from all I have heard; and your life hangs by a very slender thread now, Cody, for every man of the Mid nighters is your deadly foe." "As I am theirs," was the prompt reply; and Cody rode along the trail he had followed before, the outlaw leader by his side. Following the same trail, they rode into the valley retreat towards night fall, the chief quietly remarking : "You see we make no effort to hide our trail, sir, as your doom will he seal ed here." "A threatened man is said to be long- lived;" and -Cody spoke with an air of utter indifference. The outlaw leader scowled, but said no more. until they reached the camp. Once there, the prisoner was securely bound, but not otherwise illtreated. That night, from where he sat near a fire, he could hear that he was the ob ject of discussion, and well he knew that the loss of the three outlaws and the fact that lie had solved the secret of the swinging bridge and the trail of the re treat were greatly against him. When the band broke up at night to go to their respective cabins, Cody was conducted to the one occupied by the chief, and this, to the scout's mind, gave the impression that the outlaw leader was suspicious of his men. Whether this was true or not the chief said : "You will occupy my cabin, and any attempt to escape will be the signal for your death. Some of my men are very bitter towards you, but I am determin ed, you shall not be harmed until it is decided what shall be your fate. To-morrow being Sunday, the men will wait until the next day to try you." The scout was given a blanket bed, and was soon asleep. The next day passed quietly, and the scout kept close, fer the weather was in tensely cold, and the little lake was frozen over. On Monday the trial of the scout was held, and he was accused of hunting down the Midnighters to have them hanged, and of killing three of their number; and for these crimes, as they were called by the outlaws, he was sentenced to death. "You have hut one week to live, and then you are to be hanged. We will teach the army men that we outlaws can strike back and hang our foes. I am sorry for you, Scout Cody, for I admire you; but it is the unanimous de cision of this band that you die, so you will be taken to the guard-house now, to be confined until the day of your execution, and two men will guard you by night and by day." The scout was led to a cabin apart from the others, and there held a pri soner. Thus the days passed -until the night before the day of his execution come, rouhd. \- Thp . scout had tried-bribery upon hi? was wondering If the outlaws would dare'put'him to death on the morrow, as he sat looking out of his cabin door upon the moonlight. It was intensely cold, and his guards were seated close to the fire that burn ed brightly outside, a few paces from his cabin. The camp was silent, for It was grow ing late and as Cody gazed ouit upon the valley covered with snow, he thought he saw a form advancing fo rwards the cabin, and it was enveloped in what appeared to be a white shroud, Slowly towards the cabin it came; and' as the scout, bound hands and feet, al most shrank from the weird being, its arm was raised, a white finger pressed the lips in token of silence, and the next instant a sharp knife had severed the raw-hide bonds that held the hands and feet of Cody. No word was spoken, only that finger upon the Hps enjoining silence, and then the phantom form beckoned and led the way out of the cabin. The scout saw the two guards by the' fire playing cards, and little dreaming of his escape. Silently he followed his weird guide, walking slowly at first, for his feet were cramped, but soon getting belter use of them as the exercise set the blood in cir culation. " . , Through the pine timber, down by the frozen lake, and to the barrier in the val ley entrance the phantom led the way. There Cody beheld a white horse, and near it a fine animal saddled and bridled. To the saddle horn' hung his belt of arms and a bag of provisions while a blanket and bear- robe were rolled up be hind the cantle. The weird form pointed to the horse in silence, and when Cody buckled on his belt of arms and mounted, he saw the whiterobed guide on the back of the snowy steed riding away through the timber and beckoning him to follow. And follow he did, while he muttered grimly : "I'd follow that good angel were it a spirit from the grave." ! CHAPTER XVIII.— A HOT PURSUIT. Just as Cody was thinking of riding up alongside of his ghostly rescuer and rrpt t ; nr>- hpt t pr aemiainted. tiie nhantom rider drew rein, held up a hand to check him, and thus stood listening for a mo ment with deepest alteration. Then, with a wave of the arm to the sco-ut to follow, the snowy horse and his white-shrouded rider dashed away like the wind. Cody well knew the reason for their sudden flight. His keen ears had caught the sound of voices behind them, and he knew well that his escape had been dis covered, and that they, were pursued. Nothing else would call men out upon such a bitter cold night. Up to that moment the scout had been very cold, for he had on 110 overcoat, only his buckskin hunting-shirt. The "phantom" had overlooked an overcoat and globes in arranging for his rescue. Away went the white horse and liis weird-looking rider, the moon shining as bright as day, and Cody saw that he was being guided by a different trail from the one they had come to the re treat. He saw, too, that their trail through the snow could be distinctly seen, and the pursuers seemed to. be gaining. A rapid gallop of half an hour brought the phantom to the banks of a stream, and Cody for the first time heard his guide speak. "Ah, the swift current has broken the ice!" As the scout dashed up, the weird fon t beckoned to him and urged his horse into the rapidly-flowing stream, all choked up with blocks of ice. Cody called out quickly ; "Good heavens! do not dare that ioe- filled stream. It will he certain death. I will stand at bay and light them!" The scout turned as he spoke, drew his revolver, and stood at bay. The next instant there dashed iivto view half a dozen horsemen, one of whom shouted; "The ice is broken up! They have taken to the river! Quick! to the boat and catch them, for they can never cross in safety." Cody saw that he had been concealed by a stun!ted pine, and a glance had dis covered the white horse far out in the stream and breasting the icy waters and whirling cakes of ice. Just then the weird guide looked back and beckoned him 011, at the same time issuing a call which the horse tfve soout rode seemed to understand, for with a neigh he plunged into the current. At the same instant Oody beheld a stout timber boat shoved down the now-clad banks into the river, and the men spring into it and seize some oars. The boat was above him and not fifty feet away, and a yell went up as the outlaws saw him. Instantly Cody wheeled in his s&ddLe;, his face to wards his pursuers, and with deadly effect his revolver began to rattle forth. While his splendid horse, breasting the blocks of ice, struggled for the other shore. The moon lighted up the weird, thril ling scene of Cody fighting for life as his horse braved the dangers of the ice- laden stream. It was a -few moments of appalling danger, of desperate strain upon endurance. and nerve, and it seemed long indeed to the scout. But he heard a shout upon the shore for which he was struggling, and to his great joy saw ,as he glauced round, the white steed struggle out safely upon the bank. He saw, too, that his fire had told so. well that the men in. the boat had given up pursuit nf t>Lv to look. to. their own They were struggling to turn the boat bach to the shore. . < A few more minutes of suspense, and the scout felt that his noble horse had reached the goal, and as he staggered out on the shore he saw the weird guide still waving for him to follow. He did so, and the guide kept well In advance. Trying to ride alongside again, he saw the while horse quicken his pace, and It seemed in vain for the animal the scout rode to try and overtake him. Thus miles were gone over, and they were upon ground where no snow had fallen, and the echo of their horses' hoofs rang loudly on the crisp air. Determined to find out who his weird guide was, Cody urged his tired horse on, but in vain, for the white steed swept on the fleeter, and with a wave of the hand the shrouded rider seemed to bid him farewell, for a moment after he disappeared from view, and Cody the scout was alone. CHAPTER XIX. — REVEALED BY A CAMP-FIRE. When left alone as be was by his weird guide, called by the prisoner of Surgeon Powell the Ghost of the Moun tain, Cody seemed to feel ihat his rescuer had thus resented his deter mination to ride nearer and find out who lie was. He waited for some little while to see if he would return, and as he did not, and he was very cold, almost frozen, be decided to camp: for he was not at all in dread of the outlaws after the severe lesson he had given them, and with that stream filled with ice to cross to pursue him. \- It was so bitterly cold that his wet clothing had frozen hard, and his fingers were benumbed. If he did not build a fire soon he knew well what the result would be. Back on the trail a short distance he remembered to have crossed a stream in a little vale, with a pine thicket on either side, and there he knew he would, be sheltered. He had his box of matches with him, for the outlaws had not taken that, and. he walked back over the trail, for he was too cold to mount and -ride. Ac iia iv>c»hpa the little vallev there flashed upon him the glimmer of a camp-fire. At once he was all caution, andLhitching his horse he crept forward to reconnoitre. He got quiie near, and saw that the camp was in a sheltered spot, and the fire could only be seen from one direc tion. He saw a man in the camp, and as his eyes fell upon him he disc iff ered that his hands were bound together, and he was standing against a tree, the handle of a knife between his teeth, the point sticking into the pine before him, and he was slowly rubbing the raw -hide bonds with which he was secured to and froacross the edge of the blade. The scout crept still nearer to have a better view. Suddenly his eyes fell upon a prostrate form, and as the fire flared up more brightly he recognisedi Surgeon Powell. "Heavens, it 'is Frank Powell! But is he dead or a prisoner?" So saying. Oody drew his revolver and drew nearer, just as the man cut through, the ravv-liide bond, and grasping the knife quickly severed those upon his feet. Then he seized the knife more firmly, and turned towards the prostrate form of the Surgeon Scout, while he called out. savagely : "Now, my doctor pard, all tarms be tween us is off, and what you has be longs to me." He made a move forward, to suddenly, hear' the words: "Hands up! Your life belongs to me!" The sudden revulsion of feeling seemed to fairly frenzy the man, and with a wild yell he wheeled towards Cody, and sprang like a tiger towards him. There was the flash and report of a revolver, and the man uttered a cry of rage and pain but saill rushed on. In his half frozen condition Cody well knew that he was no match for the man, and he took better aim, for in the wea pon was his last shot. It was true, and the man fell at his feet, burying the knife to the hilt in the hard ground. "Ha! Who fired that shot?" The Surgeon Scout was sitting up, his hand to his head, and in a- dazed way; trying. to recall himself. "Thank God, Frank, you are not dead, as I feared! I fired the shot and killed the fellow that was going to Itnife you. But 1 am too cold to talk now." And the scout went as near the fire as he dared, .-and felt its genial warmth. Frank Powell still sat on the ground in a dazed way. Then he put his hand to the back of liis head and felt a gash there, the cold baring congealed the blood. "I am wounded. Yes, I saw Cody in chase of a ghost, and was about to bring the weird creature's horse down with a shot, when my prisoner threw himself upon me, and I fell backward. Tell me, Oody, are you there, old pard, or am I dreaming or delirious, for 1 feel mighty, queer?" "I am here, Frank, and as near frozen as a man can be and live. You did see me chasing a ghost, but it was one who had rescued me from the outlaws, and I left her not far from. here. I was hunting a place to camp, when I saw your fire, and was just in time to nip that rascal's murderous intention." . Surgeon Powell, rose to his feet, glanced at the dead outlaw, and, griasp- ing.Cody's hand, said: . . "I remember all now, and once mcre( BiUOodv, X owe you my life." .' 