¥ L SMYTHE, of the Melbourne Bar, has nowbeen over fifty-five years a barrister. POET WILLIAM GAT, just dead, was at one time paster at the Scotch College, Melbourne. 4 coNTEMi-ottHiy speaks of the Chinese standing army. How absurd ! China has no standing army -it is always running. .. n„„. T i C opinion of a certain prominent VENouiA „ i he , ga },i atl ky good sort, he is. I'SKim ciergyman strike • a • mifcch on his trousers — W a l e «.roNSWEMNG' the Australian partiality for ( , language, I wonder Australian poets do ia g ^ verse."—/?n</Ksfi opinion. THE wife of A friend of Gilbert's had given birth to triplets, and Gilbert offered this bit of advice : " Call them Kate, Duplicate and Triplicate." MB, JUSTICE HOLKOYI) will leave for Tasmania this week on a month's holiday trip. He will be accompanied by his son-in-law, Mr. 0'IIara Wood. EMPEKOR WILLIAM of Germauy is exceedingly like young Orrid in "The Second Mrs. Tangier ay "-—when angry he dearly loves to smash china. Loins BKCKE is still pacifically illustrating the Pacific. " Wild Life in Southern Seas" is his very latest product, which was published less than a month hack. N .K.W. SPEAKER SIK J. P. ABBOTT'S great desire ic fo become Asent-General; snd he will, too. COUNCILLOR LEIBHMAN, of Creswick—Aleck Peacock's own country—was offered a Savings Bank Commissionersliip, but declined because his hands were already too f ulL " I WAS foolish enough in my youth to think a conclusive ptoof would change beliefs," says Herbert Spencer. One would think Spencer was familiar with a certain Melbourne paper. "OB. SEVAN, who is extremely fond of sweets and usually has a packet in his tail pocket, adopts the motto: " A little lolly now and then is relished by the best of men." A VERY high dignitary indeed was traveling in a train to a provincial town and was struggling with a thrilling novel, but a number of young fellows were having a rather high time in the next compartment, and presently the great man bobbed his head up and cried, "Come, come, young men, I cannot read!" ' What!" yelled a cheeky youth ; " can't read ? Well, yer ought to be blanky well ashamed to admit it!" B ISAARCK is one of the wealthiest men in Europe, For years his income to been enormous, and he was never n lavish uisn. Be long ago invested largey in breweries an! saw-mills. JACK LBMMONE, a lUllarat HOY of Grieco- English origin, is to be appoint*- i teacher of wind instruments in the new Eider C ervatorium of Music at Adelaide. Jack is n. g i favourite in Maoriland. THE papers are telling of an Irishman who having had his eyelids removed ha 1 had those of a pig grafted on in their place, and if now as well supplied as ever he was They say," What can you expect from a pig but a gruntWell, you might expect bams, for instance, but certainly not eyelids. A'IOCAL artist bad done a picture of a certain labour member, and the critics were giving 'heir private opinions of the -work. "Clever," =& : d one, ' but it has one remarkable fault—you have given him a workman's liand " Then all agre^i it was a most absurd mistake to give a labour member the hand of a working-man. THE Governorship of New Guinea-will s on pass into new hands, as Sir William M Gregor announced his determination to seek duty ekewhere. The post is no sinecure, and require a tactful, resourceful man of strong constitution, undaunted courage, and very considerable unselfishness. Now, don't all speak at once. is anecdete of 0. Wilde, who has not lost his egotism in spite of his reverses-. One- evening Wilde dropped in on Crawford, the novelist. " Ah! Crawford," he said, "I am feeling very sad to-night—very, very sad. I have ju^t realised that one-half of the world does not believe in a god, and the otaer half does not believe in me!" Bow those meteorologists love one another! Mr. EL C. Russell, of New South Wales, manitowards Mr. Clement fested much hostility Wrao-ge's project for the establishment of a high i eV el°observatory on the summit- of Mount Kosciusko 'which, of course, is situated in New South ) , and can see nothing but abject failure as the result of the experiment. Is this another instance of interprovincial jealousy, or is it really sincere scientific opinion ?' 1'HE late Sir Henry Parkes' one golden rule in olitics was *' Perfcin icity." Said he one day: Never mind what they say; never mind how hey abuse and expose and defeat you. Go right on, and if you live long enough you will live it and them down." There spoke the downy old Parliamentary bird, who had no flies on him. DR. BAHNABDO, of Barnardo's Homes, London, regular'.y bombards Australia with his circulars and finds it pay. He boasts of getting more out of Australia than any other institution excepting the Salvation Army. Prom one wealthy South Australian, J. H. Angas, M.L.C., he has received JE500 a year for 20 years. ABTHUU HOLROYD, eldest son of Mr. Justice Holroyd, has just returned from Westralia, bringing with him a very interesting collection of telluride ores from Kalgoorlie and district for exhibition in Melbourne. Mr. Holroyd is another AT Bundaberg (Q.) on Christmas Eve £W00 in gold was paid to several hundred Polynesian labourers as wages. This meant a " very merry Christmas" to the horde of "mean whites"— illicit dea'ers in liquor, slop-shop keepers and others—who are the parasites on the alien labourer in all countries alike, and a menace to the morality and civilisation of those countries. SOME folks have queer tastes. The other day Mies Charlotte Wiberg, of Boston, and Professor Arthur St. Andressy were united in the holy bonds, by the Eev. W. A^Tiiursfeon, of City Point Methodist Church, Boston, in the lions' cage at the Zoo, Perth Amboy, New Jersey, U.S.A., before the assembled society of, Massachusetts, from the Governor down. The keepers had to be in attendance with whips and crowbars to keep the giant cats in order while the show progressed, and at one point it seriously promised to be a case of " butchered to make a Roman holiday." CA&SVTHEBS;, whose libel action against Norton f Truih, provides so much spicy reading, is bout the beet-looking man in the 2*.fe.W. ssembly. PEKHIKB KINGSTON preserves the stick with hich his bead was cracked »» J"jg he other day, and lias it labelled amongst lxi.s ther political mementoes. p yEj the N.S.W. cr cketer, is a comparative ovio, having been playing cnly tln^ seasous aking this into conBideration l^ shou d one f these days, knock English howhng nto piee is twenty-sis, and, according to the girls, as ice is Pie." "WHY you have two wife in China, John?" a uburban houtewife asked her cabbage merchant. Why not one wife P ^ J ^ J ' ^ ^ L a d - nd " answered " solemnly. "" "**"" " "One wife no goodhe too muchee fightee me. Two wife welly good she lightee one another, savee ?"• THE most delightful unconscious joke ever erpetrated stands to the record of a churchman. n English Dean, the Dean of Chichester, ecturing before a number of young men, said : at the ass, he is always the same. You ill never see a more perfect ass than the one you see at present." A CAUMAN who may often be seen in Collins-st' hears a really nstounding resemblance to a prominent memi-r of the Opposi'ion. The resemblance so deceived an old friend of the politician's who recently returned from England, that he accosied the startled cabbie with: " Good - , Blank, old man. has it come to this ?" liuDYASD Kiri.iNG is not liked in America. He first offended with this sentence in one of his Mulvaney stories, "Ortheris, being neither a menial lior an American, but a free man, had no excuse for yelping-" , „ Be has kept the sore place raby his imperturbable indifference to American opinions and American society. In fact, he seems to live amongst Americans for the express purpose of displaying this contempt to the best advantage.* THESE has been a revival of the neat retorts of the cattery, and Lowell's reply to Gord Granville should not 1>« overlooked. When James Bussell Lowell was American Minister in London he was in enormous demand as a social lion, and Lord Granviba once wrote him requesting the company, at dinner of *" the most engaged man in London." Lowell replied: "The most engaged man in London iecepts the invitation of the most engaging-' RTRPYARD KIPLING always had characteristics, and the chef; has always been determination. WWi twelite years old he went with his father, '#rofe6sor Ltykwood Kipling, on a sea voyage. fSoon after the vessel was under way the father went beiow, leaving the boy on deck. Presently came a banging on Lockwood Kipling's cabindoor. "Mr. Kipling, your boy's crawled out on the yardarm, and if he lets go he'll drown." " That's all right," said Kipling senior drowsily ; " he won't let go!' 1 SYDNEY boasts <jf its liberalism, but in some matters it is blatmouldy in its conservatism compared with Melbourne. Three lady doctors we e amongst the candidates for the position of resident medical ofiicer at the Sydney Hospital the other day, but not one of them had a ghost of a show against local jsiejudice, and six men went in with fiying colours A lady M.D. said ; " We will never get in whilst these old fogies remain," indicating a number of directors. Jieplied the oldest of them: " And since will not aUow you to physic us, ma'am, we are likely to remain for a long time to come.'' A Mas. POTTER story, and Potter stories are lways eagerly read in lit!bourne: When it first ecame known in New Vwk that Cora Brown- Potter intended taking to lhe professional boards she had already won some celebrity as an amateur) her father-in-law, Bishop jitter, called upon her and remonstrated warmly, finding her obdurate, he said: " At least I hope you will adopt a stage name, and not mix my family, name up with the odour of the footlights." M13. B. P. drew herself up and replied in her best tragedy style: " lienounce the name I have made famous— never J" The bishop, who up to tow had imagined that it was he who had made the name famous, went out gasping. SIB JOHN MADDEN begins to attract attention as a hard grafter, and the Bar tbrovs out signal) of distress. The judge who can sit on for " hours a day and live on thin air may be a great acquisition to his country, but he is rough on the barrister who has a long case to argue, and may be kept on his hind legs all the time, with nothing to sustain him but a voice lozenge and the know- , . . ... ,, „ ledge that his brief is marked with three figures, The Chief J. takes on further responsibilities, too, as ChanceUor of the university, so that citizens "I if now and again they come through the city containing a gentleman in a big wig excitedly changing his clowies, jotting down notes,- reading up points audi eating a bath-bun all at once, as it will only be pis Honour the Chief Justice rushing to the Diversify in a spare five minutes whilst counsel {orj Bleeder, in the celebrated ease of Bleeder v-tstis Bashem, is looking up an authority. SWIMMING takes on better in Sydney than in Ifeloourne as a popular sport, possibly bemuse Sydney offers more and, better facilities to dimmers. There are at least two or three very decent baths about Sydney, there is not one about Melbourne. A peculiar incident occurred at a recent swimming match at the mofeher mPropolis, Young Cayill was tine of: the Competitors and' came in second at the heelB of anofcher swimmer, who was so exhausted by. his efforts that he immediately sank and became helpless, and the second m«m had to rescue the conquering hero and bring him safely to Bhore, Winning under such circumstances is a very dubious honour. CiMEBOS, Govern" urveyor in New g uinea' suddenly the other visited the tropical in 1883, as the reprove of a Melbourne and Land Acquisition .te. He was only 45 of age. -HjiPTArN Linklatkb, of the it liner Orotava, is a comman 'fir. whether bon the rounding bill ws Ind an Ocean or in the • v einity of the Railway fiat Port Melbourne. Not has this autocratic sea- §§ompelled the piermaster it dirt," as the Persians put it, but has conthe Railway Cotn- 3ner into au apologist for lughty, not to say contuous, disregard of har- Bgulations and by-laws. Burse, Linklater came out fray on top; the brave ps do. How ho ^ould fared had he been the of a potato-laden f-out" from Warrnauior of a plebeian coalis not for Pcnch to ajTg ""i tJ&W;'P-ssnN of faith bv Mr. 7nx, ML A.: —"Mr. old the directors <>f the al Palace Hot 1 Comj^that they all knew the tous persuasi n to which elonged, bat if he were cha ge of a restauand found that a strong id existed for pork iges . . . he -would be to supply them. This ae position o f the di ecapplying for a licence liquor." (Loud laugh- Daily paper. yard Kitling was reimportuned to contrian Indian yarn to a newspaper. He somereluctantly consented due course sent along "copy." The editor and acknowledged it, inted out to the author Bit was a rule of their never to mention icating drinks, and t*- d to observe that has made two of his iters " drink a bottle of .pagne between them." Is complaint the author's rejoinder was :— ' Strike ihampagne and make it food; I notice that anufacturers advertise Fact! JttRIE Stillwell, who st gained the vnatheexhibition at the oulation examination, jjped this by winning a amatical entrance ccho at Ormond College ; all c mors. Her sister, •Jt'llwell. gained the same loulation exhibition a i of years back. Only on fcher occasion in the iree years' his ory of liversity has the mathea.1exhibition been gained rl. ie is an innocent little clipp ; ng from a A wis: " ' Ouida' thinks men look best i breeches,' and she calls attention to the iveness of the Cretans." But would it not feuited the case better to have called attenthe attractiveness of the South Sea ; Rakjitsikhji, in Fpite of his quinsy removal of his tonsils, declares that stralian iB " a lovely climate." Timely. suiting conduct was the charge |They brought against the ' i>eb " for he roared, ani cursed, and fought at large, Brighton down beside the sea. court looked sad. a d loudly sighed, id asked him what had he to say. ' fought all right " he straight replied, But blow it! it was Burin' day eb " all —- the Victorian * harvest • vwv is *w likely to be w parative failure, and the country started •tulating itself much too early in the season, > time the p-ospects were all that could be J, but counting your chickens before they 'tched is good business in a climate l>ke ompared with the folly otme-suring your before it is harvested. A spanking good H would have been a guarantee of com- Pb affluence, but tight money and dear pare to be »he characteristics of another worse luck. We boast about the bounty |lre in Victoria, but Nature, though bountinot give _ with discrimination from our view particular y in the Matter of woter, iil we have learned how to irrigate agriiSn this country will continue to be large'y r »le. "Goto the land, young man," is ex l^}. 0^' ^ the young man has - horse > will take care at the Bame time to go to 