THEY WALK THE NIGHT. 1 THE GIANT GHOST OF BENTON. ' The numberless su|»eristitioDe which beset humanity in tbe past are almost cone, and with rapid strides the world becomes daily more matter of fact. Still, it continues to see ghosts and to believe iu them, ite babit nowudttVB is to want to put ite bands on thinge, to know by touch as well as sight that the things are there before it believe®, bufc nevertheless ghosts move here and there in tbe throngs, and intelligent people are convinced that they are actually super natural visitors. A case in point is Che Benton trbost, which is attracting ssoob attention. A' farmer named John W. French and bis wife were the first to see the app&ritioa;, They live in the country near Benton, and wore driving home one night from a neigh bour's. The road passed an old church, moss covered and nurrounderi by a grave yard, overgiown with shrubbery and filled with the bones of hundred# who once tilled the soil in the locality. Ten yearn ago an aged tnan who lived alone not far from the old church and visited the graveyard almost daily to pray over the resting place of eome relative, was foully murdered for the store i of gold he was supposed to have hidden about his hermit abode. The robbers and ' murderers escaped justice, and the luckless greybeard was buried in the graveyard where he spent so much time. Just as French and his wife drew within *ight of the white headstonei in t he churchyard the honses reared back on their haunches and snorted in terror. Flench was alarmed, and, suspecting highwaymen had been scented by the lioraes he reached for a gun, ! but oefore his hand touched it be was 1 startled by a scream from bis wife. Clutch* ing his arm, she pointed straight ahead and gasped : " Look, John. Look ! " Far down the road, just beside the glim mering monuments of the old graveyard, be s»w tin apparition. It was that of a man with a long white beard sweeping over hia breast. The figure vppeurod to be eight feet in height, and in one hand it carried a club, such ai the brains of t he old man had been beaten out with ten year* before* Slowly raising one arm, the ghost with * majestic sweep beckoned French to come on. Ha was too atartJed to do anything except try to restrain the prancing horses, which were ^training at the harness in at tempts to break away and run. A cold sweat started out ail over the body of the farmer M he realised that he was at last looking at a ghost, and then the sound of | I hia wife's voice came to him, begging him to return the wav they hud come and escape ; ; the doom whioh seemed impending. French j was still too much seared and excited to I control ttie boreea, and as he gafced stead fastly at the fearful white object in the ' road it slowly began to move coward them. , The club was now raised to its shoulder, as a soldier carries a rifle, and it seemed to move forward without touching the ground, like a winged thing. Then the farmer recovered bis faculties. Whirling his team around, be lashed the horses into a run and set out for tho bouse of the friend be had just left. When they arrived there, both the man and U» vile were almost fainting from fright. The next man to see the ghost was Mil ton Moon. He had the reputation for being oot> only a roan of, intelligence, but one without fear. Eli* experience was much the same as that of the fe'rcnch**, tmd it brought about several inveaMgHtionj* by parties of people, jo eauh cine chey chw and were convinced 01 the actual presence of the ghost without being able to discover any satisfactory explatintiou. An inteiejtirijt American th*fc which in Hid to dwell in me Furkw manor house at Bar,ii-6n-the-B<idsiin, near Albuny. Onenlght about, thirty mi* KL'O ih« manor bouse mi tbe blazipg ncene Of a social gathering. Jast what out,,! I he ordinary happened that night nobody in Hal h known. Bof something did happen, lor everybody in Bath aaya so. At any raw, it m a gnla night, but tbe next morning all the «erv*nta excepting lour faithful ones, who bad been with the family for many yean, were dis charged, and shortly after breakfast all the members of the family left the manor house in carriages. No rood-byes were said. Behind them they lefEHheir beautiful home aa it bad been the day before. Ou the mantels and dressers wore tbe pictures of friends ; in the bureaus and locker* and chest* were tbeir clothes; on the desks their letters and papers. Trinkets lay on the tables forgotten. The doors were locked, the curtains palled down, and the bouse closed for all time. A man in black it (aid to walk that house •very night, mumbling and moaning as he passes up and down tha broad stairway. Boone ot people uteri that they have beard him, and a feweay tbat they have teen him. One of the latter describee him affollows : His hair was loog«nd curly and parted on the side, his eyes were bright, his features clearly out, and his face pain He was smooth shaven, and wore a high standing collar and a black bow and stock. He was in evening drees and wore no jewellery ex cept a cold fob. For a moment be eaased mumbling, and then began moaning and walked away. Be pused the door, walk ing toward the stairway. The ghost hunter tiptoed to the door and watched him ascend the stairway till be was balf-way to the top, when be stopped as though he bad encoun tered another person. Hf raised his hands appealingly, and fell backward with a shriek tbat rang throughout the house and »'«r answered by the echoes. His bead struck a marble *tep, and thinking he bad bnen injured the watcher rushed to the spot. He saw uothing. The history of this irhoet- is tightly lockod I with tlie family, who now live in the old | Fcrbea mansion, New York. Paul Simeon ! Forbes purshajed tho manor house in 1850 from the Van Renuelaere, with 900 acres of land. He paid 93,0110 dollars for % which was considerably less then the cost of the house,the land being practically thrown in. The manor house >* now the property ot a Boeton man, Nathaniel Stone. The ancient houcea of England have al» ways been favuurite haunts of pho't*. Huswx, which, of all tne English counties, 'has /plained it* old chnr»ct"rj9tit:8 the most, hat a good many gjmsts M ho are still realities in the eye* of the rustics of that little visited dim rict, which yas once the centie <»f England's iron industry. The;;e is tl>c headier.* uian ot St. lyeonuid's luresp, knuwn as Squirt) 1'aulert. who jump? upon the crupper of ii lir>r**-rnnn cnieiing the forofc and remain* thereuntil clear oj it. There is the (Jiuinmei- of Hurftmoncosuic Uluck'do£B, a Ittt.ruiiie sliupe Mssumed by gbosu all ever Uuglatid, haunt dark lanes and lone byroads, and' under many a | sequestered wooden bridge a woman may I be aeen spinning, ahile on the old puttlu road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known atj the Drove way. | a goblin may be Been on any dark, wiM j night incessantly spinning charcoal. j Norfolk is another county which teem* j with ghosts. There is a p*le, lou^Omireii ] woman who rune shrieking uraong tlie pita | on Aylmerton Healh. There i* a greaG ! black " shuck dog "—the word " »huck " is said to mean the devil—which has a blazing eye in the centre of hie forehead, and has a brother at Foe! Castle, in the We of Man, the spirit of a murdeted priaonor. Then yonng Lord Dacre,who wan murdered in 1565 by bis guardian, Sir Hichard Ful* nerston, who arranged that a rocking* borse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a headless rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn etill ridee down the avenue of Blickling Park once a year in a bearae* like coach, drawn by four headless horses and driven by a headless driver, witb her head in her lap, and her father,Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Caistor Castle there in another co«ch and headless team, and yet another near Great Melton. This last rises from a pool every midday and midnight and, witb its load of four headless dripping white robed ladies, parses slowly rouod the field and sinks again, and tradi» tion says that at (his spot long ago a bridal party were uppetinto this pool and never seen again 