I NOTES OF THE ©AY. "f must lmve liberty IViilml, ns largo n charter ns the wind, To blow on whom I please." — AS YOU LIKE IT. It Is how smoothly and accurately the machine of party government runs when well lubricated with pay and perks. It can turn out nt a moment's notice an "opinion" on any given subject, and fit it to any class ot intellect. There could not he a finer Illustration of the marvellous perfection to which this art has been brought than that afforded by the censure motion which was decided yesterday morning. Tho question was whether Ministers should have tile samo rights as other people to rlso and make a fow remarks to the "gentlemen and fellow-elec tors" leaning against tho hotel verandah-post listening to the billet-clamoring candidate, and vaguely wondering why he docs not see the pro priety of shutting up nnd sending ills com mittee to inquire whether they have mouths on tliom. From tho biggest to the smallest mind on the Government side of tho House there was not one to which it did not. Immediately appear that to deny this right would be to throttle tho Con stitution and abase the country under the Iron heel of a degrading despotism. For tho fifty- eight members tiie party machine instantly ran out fifty-eight opinions from the ono pattern, and they, fitted them as neatly as fifty-eight paper caps, with each head expanding or contracting so as to accommodate Itself to tho regulation measurement. On tho other side, with equal celerity, wero produced fifty-two opinions from an exactly opposite model, but guaranteed to similarity fit ovcry-sized head in the party. Thus tho entlro Opposition at once saw that if Minis ters were not securely gagged from, the Issue of an election writ until the return thereof, tho country must asphixiatc in a quagmire of bribery and corruption. This absolute uniformity of view on each side could not be the result of co incidence or accident, as the fact Unit Mr. Reid would see the matter in precisely the same light as Mr. Rlgg, and Mr. Barton view it eye to eye with Mr. Barnes, could have been foretold as soon as the question was mentioned. It was the work, therefore, of political science, which has now dis covered how to produce artificial cerebration with a precision utterly unknown under tho natural process by everyone using such brains as he has to evolve opinions for himself. As tho result of tho motion is to uphold tho right of Ministers to "speak for" candidates at elections, nil unsophisticated person who watched the debato might expect the Opposition, to now throw up tho sponge and declare the country past redemption. It only halt that Mr. Barton said was believed to he true, to take six pounds a week for trying to save it after yesterday's vote would he sheer imposition, and politicians who did so would rank on a moral par with quack doc tors who took the fees of ignorant patients on the pretence of curing diseases that were incur able. There would he no honest course, there fore, hut for the Opposition to resign in a body and commend the doomed country to the care of Providence. Alore than that, Air. Barton should give up Federation as a had job. 1-Ie has solemn ly assured us that nothing but the carrying of tho censuro motion could malco Australian Union worth having, as if sucli conduct as that attri buted to Mr. Young wero allowed to go unpunish ed, it would form a precedc-nt fatal to the honesty and success of Federal government. Well, the motion lias been defeated; hence, unless all this was bluff, Federation, in Mr. Barton's opinion, must bo up a tree. Do we find him or any of the other Opposition Jeremiahs now offering to back their opinions by accepting tho logical con sequences of them? A shorter way to put that question would be to inquiro whether any green is observablo in their eyes. Artificial caucus-mado opinions have tho convenient property of van ishing the moment noses have been counted, and tho same people are ready to receive any others that may ho allotted to them in the samo way. Hence, tho country, which yesterday morning was seen to ho faced by inevitable ruin if the censuro motion failed, is now admitted to bo Jogging along nil right; and, on condition of being put into office, the Opposition are still pre pared to guarantee its triumphant survival. If the jury had any doubt of Lisson's insanity, the judgo directed that they were to givo tho hangman tho benefit ot it. I suppose that is the law of this enlightened country, and the judgo has to tako it as it is given him. The jury, however, who found the man guilty, were under no legal compulsion to bring in a verdict vliich outrages common sense; hence their decision must over remain amongst the category of those things which no ono but a lunatic would attempt to understand. To show the extent to which they doubted Lisson's legal competency to commit crime, they had to be locked up all night before they could come to any agreement upon it. There was no question about his having taken life; that was not denied. The one point was whether, when ho did it, he wns In a state of mental health which rendered him responsible for his acts. After a whole night's deliberation they returned into court with a verdict of yes-no, finding him guilty ot wilful murder while tem porarily insane, which, for all practical purposes, was the samo as a verdict with no qualification at all. Consequently the wretched lunatic was duly sentenced to death, just as If he had been a criminal about whose sanity thero had boon no doubt whatever. The prisoner, when asked the grimly farcical question whether he had any thing to say why sentence of death should riot he pronounced — as if it would matter what he said — remarked that tho sooner they hanged him the better, and entered a protest against tho Jury's recommendation to mercy. Even this wretched man, with the structurally deficient brain (as tho expert evidence proved), and a lunatic record in strict accordance therewith, was able to seo tbo utter absurdity of a recommendation to mercy on tho ground of insanity. If the man was In sane and irresponsible when he committed the act, he required no mercy at the hands of tho law, since ho was entitled in justice to an ac quittal. If ho was responsible, this is a case for tlio full penalty if there ever was or will bo one to justify It. It remains now for tho Executive to remedy tho hideous mistake ot the jury In convicting a man for a capital crime which they admit was proved by the ovldenco to have been the outcome of Insanity. Not that ho might lot be better dead, as he wants to be, than alive, but tho hanging of a madman Is a horror from which this community has a right to bo spared. And this is ono of thoso eases in which, if it is wrong to hang, it Is wrong to punish at all. Tho crimi- nul ward of tho lunatic asylum is Lisson's place. A claim for public sympathy is put forward on behalf of Archbishops who live in palaces and have five-figure incomes. They are obliged to spend so much on garden parties and such like entertainments that, big as their salaries are, thero is no money in tho business. It is stated that the leading Archbishoprics of England are run at a loss to thoso whom tho uninitiated re gard as having tho good fortune to bo in pos session of them. Hence, without a man hns pri vate means, ho cannot accept arch-cptscopate office. Likely enough this is ail true, for even on a mitro It is not necessarily all gold that glitters. It is a fortunate tiling for the Church, therefore, that this state of tilings did not exist when the Holy Ghost came down ill fiery tongues, for if it had Ho would not havo found a man eligiblo for appointment. It is not on record thut Peter or any of the Galiilce fishermen had big private incomes from money invested In gilt- edged securities, nor was there a mail amongst tho apostles who had a rent-roll amounting to shucks. The only way they could make it work was by doing without fat-calved flunkeys to hand them things ou silver salvers, and not being over-solicitous about what they should eat or what they should drink, or wherewith they might be clothed. How would It be if. Instead of com plaining about tho Inadequacy ot their ten and fifteen thousand a year pittances, their successors tried to get over tho difficulty by similar means. It is tirao thero was a stern uprising against tho fatuous homago which "science" claims from tho downtrodden "lay" Intellect. And the first to be knocked off its perch should lie medical science, which scemB to occupy Itself principally In making dlscoverios and then discovering them to bo wrong. Tho latest Instance of this is In regard to consumption. A little while ago tuber culosis was pronounced by science ,o lie nn here ditary dlseaso, and all sorts of Vlld Ideas were set going in consequence about preventing the marrlago of affected persons. Having got tho world thoroughly agog about this, tlio samo science now steps In and ilonehalnntly declares that tlio barking is all up the wrong tree, and that consumption is not a matter of heredity at all, but an acquired disease. On the face of It this seems to bo probable. For if consumption went on from generation to generation, thero would not be a sound pair of lungs in tho world nt tho present time, und with all tho so-called hereditary diseases that ure going the human rnco would uecessnrily he getting more and moro sickly, whereas It continues to grow healthier. Medical scionco Is an ass In hog Lutin, which has too long ' been allowed to claim tho homage of asses iu honest English. .. OUTIS. 