SHORT STORIES. _d ON BOARD THE UMBRIZI. si (By Theo. Gift, author of "No Other " Way," etc., etc.) y (Continued.) Y Th'e blue sky had become obscured n by clouds, and a sharp, sudden, shower a was falling, chilly enough to drive most of the feminine and weaker pas sengers below. The woman. shrand ,further back into the corner of he1 c seat and sobbed pitifully, her face hidden in her 'hands. "Oh, John, I can't-I can't! It isn't in hunaln nature. 'My own children thel children I bore you! John!" .r "You should 'have thought of. that before you inflicted on them the i',orst t injury in your power by shaddii.ng their young lives with the stain of your dishonour," he said, sternly. "But I didn't-Jack, you must believe me. Before Gnod-there was no dis honour. I know I tried you dreadfully. I was passionate and foolish, and wretched, and I did my best to make you so. I did all rmanner of foolish things, but-but I did love you all the same; and you-you never .seemed to care for me' at all after the first,, ex cept as' a child, or a subaltern to be moulded. I wanted to make you feel, to make you jealous, un:ha;ppy, angry anything, so long as you would really care. And then, when you wouldn't, and other people, were kind and sympa tlhetic-bu't, indeed, indeed I never did anything' wrong-anything. really wrong that--that you couldn't have for giveni-before you came back. I -told you so then, but you wouldn't believe me. You wouldn't believe him.'' "Neither do' I believe you now, for .,the simple reason that the evidence :against you, which was too, strong for you to dare face in count, is the same to-day as then. surely, however, it is not necessary tol go back to that now, or to any of those questions which were settled once for all two years ago. To 'have met 'at all must be as painful' to you as to ane; but for the children's sake I must appeal to you. I won't do so by reminding you of the agneie ment .under which you receive your allowances-" a "I would forfeit every -farthing of it 'to-morrow for one kiss from my baby," shle interrupted, her eyes flashing B through their tears. "I don't doubt you vwould--at this moment. That is why I 'am'noet appeal e ing 'to your self-interest, but to the s affection you 'profess to feel for your children. If you really care for them prove it by being unselfish' enough to sacrifice your own personal feeling to their peace and .hialppiness. Th;eey are C happy. noi . Why shouold you try to e make them 'oitherwise; to bring pain S'and perplexity and mortification into e thei.r 'innocent lives, and for no good to yourself? For I can easily prevent your 'communicating with them while '~ they are on this sihdp, even 'if I have d to keep them shut up in their cabin till 'the moment for taking them a ashore; and though you may succeed " in forcing yourself on their recognition 1\. then, to what effect will it be? To Y Ihlorrify. and bewilder them, to force them to learn what 'they--would never k 'have learnt by my will, that the y mother they loved, and whom they ,r think 'of as an angel with God, is one e who labandoned them, 'and for whom a they have 'to blush! Helen," for the a, first time his voice broke a 'little, and is betrayed 'the sternly controlled emotion y within, "it is not easy for me to ask a favour of you; but for our children's n, sake I do' ask you to help me in what I have done for their thiappiness, and to e keep out of their sight." h "I would naither you asked 'me fca my life," she answered passionately, and a broke out into low, desolate.weelping. "But-but I would give that-ten. lives e 1like mine for their sakes-yes,. and for t yours to'o' badly as I have' sinned \- against you. Only-" she had \- stggered to her feet, and was sobbing p, itifully, "be good to them, Jolhn, in o return. Be very-very good to them." "Father!" i, It was nearly half an 'hour later, it but Colonel 'Lawrence was still 'stand 't ing where his wife left .him, trying to crush down the agita'tion occasioned by r an intervwiew so painful 'and unexpected, e when the soaund of his name spoken by ii hlis daughter's voice, but in a curiotus e accent, half terror, 'half command, a made him turn' sharply to see her fair colourless little face, so like his own ((she was the most 'like ,him morally g and physically of all three children, and perhaps for thlat very reason, for shy, \- reserved pelople seldom frateraise, less 'a favourite with him 'than 'the others), e turned up to 'his, her lips trembilng. "Well," "he said, frowning. He had g- uessed instantly, and t~le prospect of \- fresh trouble was a lmost too much for \- him at the 'moment. "F.ather,.I-" 'She could aearceely specak. "Have you see'ni-a lady--a lady in a nurse's dress .on board this ship?" e "In a nu'rse's dress? What of her?" "Father, I saw her just now. She was goi?ng intlo hier cabin, and she t didn't see me; she had her handker 1chief 'to her eyes; but jurst as she opened ,the door she dropped it, and I a saw her face. It-it was like-no' not a like; it was mother's face; the very, very *salme. Oh', father!" for in the \- anguish and irritation of the mlament \- his hand had grasped her shoulder somewhat roughly. . "What do you mean?" he1 said Ssharply.." Why Nella, are you mad, to be trembling all over in this way about ' a c(ance likeness!" - S"lalther, it wasn't a likeness, it was \--everything; the face, the hair, even the t~y sthe moved. Only for the dress it 'would have been motiher." - "If ?our 'mother .had' been, alive, you mean; but as'. you know she is I dead-" "Yes, farther; but-" "You 'are not silly enough to fancy Iyou've seen a ghost, I suppose?" "Oh', no,,no".' "Did you speak to her, pray?" 1 "No, she went .into 'her cabin too Squikoly; and besides, I-I couldn't have spoken." "I am glad to lhear it, for the lady; whoever she is, would either have Sthought you crazy or very badly brought up---" "Father," the girl was evidently not listening to h:im, "if you haven't seen her-oh, please don't be angry; but wh.cn you told themu at the school to tell me of--of dear mother's death you never said how it was; and they told me I wasn't to hurt you by asking; questions tlhen; but I asked Jacky, and. he said she wasn't at home when she died; and-and even Aunt Jane didn't seem to know where she was buried, or-or anything clearly. She said she wasn't 'there, 'and that I could ask you when I was older,.and you were better able to bear it. Father, are you suro-are you quite sure it might not :heave been a mistake? Was she abroad, and did you only hear of it; that--that she was drowned or some thing? I read in a book once about a person who had a ,fall on his head, and couldn't remember lanything afterwards -not even who 'he was; but I think mother would remember us. I know she would, and if I might go 'to her cabin--if you--" "Nella, I 'am, ashamed of you," said her father, sternly; tbough mord" be cause he felt' the situation to lie one that denmanded 'strong measures, than because there was any anger in his 'hleart.. "What .absurd. romances you must have been reading to put these wild ideas in' your head and make you talk in a way which you ought to have feeling enough to know must be 'so exceedingly painful to me. Do you sup pose I would halve been content to hear of your mother's death without making myself 'sure,' as you call it, of the fact itself and all tthe details connected with it, even 'though I might not care to speak of them' Ihoi a child like you ?" "No,' aither." "Then be quite sure that in sparing you those details I aim simply sparing you-and myself-pain! and don't take silly, hysterical fancies into your head, or suggest tlhlenm to your brothers. You hanven't been doing that; I hope?" "No, father." "That's well, for ot'herwise I should have been~ seriously displeased with you. You can goliavay' now and amuse yourself. That will do." He turned abruptly 'from her in sheer inability to, bear the strain of dhes d'is cussionr any longer; but Nella only thought him "angry," and cerept away without more words. She had made' an I effort--a great?effort in an exceptionally shy 'gil--to open ,her mind 'to him about some of the doubts and puzzles whlich had been troubling it ever since , the sudden' and unexpected death of the lovely, impulsive mother, w'ho had t alternately petted 'and neglected 'her; and whom she .adored with child-like .'Vhlole-heartedness, butt it was no, use. He had only "scolded" her, iso, for the future shei must keep her perplexities to herself, or find her own way out of 'thean. An ideal suddenly occurred to r hei, and she stopped a kindly-looking a ste)wlardess whom she met on her way heilow, and asked: "Please can you tell me the name of Sth-e 'lady on board who is dressed as a nurse?" "A n~urse? We've golt three on board -two i:n the forel cabi.n and Mrs. d Tyrell-" t "Mrs-Tyrell!" "Yes, 'the one in blue, 'Sister Helen,' ea,s the lady .who came to see her off n called ,heir. Why! what an odd child!" for Nella had given h!er one wild look d 'and had fled away ,to the calbin which n she and Baba Bunny shared with Miss I Martyn, 'ad where, under the pillow in e 'her own bertihl, nwas a shabby little bible bearing on the flyleaf two, inscrip tion~s, one in faded writing: e "Helen Tyrell, on her first going to e school. Jan., 1868. With her mother's e love." And below, in iai bold, scrawly Shand, "Helen Tyrell Lawrence, on' her d first going to school. Sept. 22, 1891. n With mummy's love." It To be continued.) 's ut Among the most remarkable works in o Australia is the overland telegraph from Port 'Darwin to the south of the conti y nent, which was comlpleted in 1872. Almost d the whole 2000 miles of its' length was through uninhabited country-much of it a waterless desert. The wooden poles were prepared at the nearest available ir places, but some had to be carried 350 d miles, while the iron poles were taken an 4 average distance of 400 miles by land. g Over 2000 tons of material had to be car n ried into. the interior, and the' total cost "-was £370,000. 