ODD VOWS. The annals of chivalry abound in records og - vows more or less romantic or absurd. Fort instance, Queen Joan of Naples, at a graudV feast at her castlo of Gnrti, honoured thri Kuight Galeazzo of Mantua by opening thu billt with him. When the danco waB finished the) grateful knight kneeled down before his roya^. partner, aud to fitly express his acknowledge nient of the honour he bud received, ho took a- solemn vow to wander through the world, visit* iug every country where feats of orins wero performed, ami not rest until ho had sulidiioi'4 two valiant knights, and piescntcd them asl prisoners at his Queen's footstool, to be disposer? of at her royal pleasure. Tho doughty warrior, after a year Bpent in wandering all over Europe1, returned and brought his two prisoners to thct Queen. She took the gift very gracefully; and, tho admiring historian tells us, declined! her right to imposu rigorous conditions nu bun captives, and gave them lihi rly without nnisom. Whether they properly pinched Sir Galeuzzo for his interfi rence with tbeir personal rights, we are not told. Some regard a vow as a restraining bond of a. very elastic character, especially wben it inter feres with their desires. Benedick, when ho round his vow of celibacy too great a straiu. upon him iu the presence of his Bcitrice'Rj churmti, disposes of it fearlessly and finally with. the plea : ' When I said I would dio a bachelor; I did not think I should live till I were Often we have tbe letter or the vow evader! with some special reasoning, and the spirit theui broken with impunity. For instance, a inoclerL-, Rip Van Winkle rowed that ho would nornr drink another drop of liquor as long as bu bad hair on his bead. A few hours later he was met, coining out of a barber's shop with a shavea poll.: W« all remember the case of poor Miss Harris, ham, in Dickens's story, who was so overcome by her lover's failure to appear at tbe wedding that she ordered everytbing in tbe house to be uuchauged as it had been placed ou tbat hap less day. Years wetit by, and the wedding: least remained set on the table, tbu rich cake* mouldered ami were eaten by thu mico, while tbo poor, half-demi-ntcd lady flitted in and out of the deserted rooms of the house like a ghost, always wearing tbo whitu dress and veil which she had put on to welcome tho faithless lover A similar case to .this was that of a lady of high rank in Engl.nd, who, being jilted by her lover, went to bed and vowed she would never get up «|r«in, ami kept her word for ZB years. A less excusable easu than this was that of a man who, lindin- tlut his wife wan dUposcd tn demand too much hard work from him, took lo his bed and stayed thero. For 22 years this worthless fellow stayed between tho sheets, while bis wifo waited on him and fed him with peisistrut devotion. Vows or perpetuil silence are numerous, the only trouble being tbat those who need this vow must do not taku it. A Miss Caroline, in 1840, vowed that she would never speak another word tu any human being, because she had a quarrel with her lover. For 35 years, until tho day or ber death, she was never known to utter a word. Some years ago three sisters lived together. Two or the n quarrelled and vowed never to ?peak to i ach other again . Thev did not (.pink for oviM- 20 years, when one of thorn died, tho other refusing to speak lo her even on ber death-bed^ ? Mother (sternly): Why did you toll that lie to tho teacher ? Johnny : To sive sume body from punisbmeut. Mother (mollified) : I knew there must be some cxtenuatiiiu circum stances. Who was it you wished to Kavu fium punishment ? .Johnny : Myself, mother. o »«?»««* in New South Wnlci 