Political FeUetfl. by the pooping iSB*^gjB-i ? From tne earth.- Ain»iff*M I»raoow». .'' ..-'.?;.? ??._. ?- - — 'OpflTibo offloow rt[ ibowo* ? vonment qfb tmilMMM jmbA ' ; tnuteesiarBor«»t«iFlot%e benefit ot the praple.~H. Q&a;, - :?_ fte Woana mnat ha — of Parliament, othwwiae it cannot be said to lie afree preBB. . Chief Justice Griffith to be appointed Deputy Governor of Queensland in the absence of Lord Lamington. Laboub Membei- Browne during the past week adxkessedjajno t enthusiaHtio meeting at Golden Valley and received a unanimous vote of confidence. ALREAnr a number of Government aup portersr to save their political scalps at next election if poaable. are preparing to rat on the ' Continuous.' ' ? Jamwr Oa,mpbell, who formerly rcprf» ? rented Aub%»y,iSHd J. Moore, of JuatulAh . station,, are apoken of as probable -imM^-:. ciabeafor theHuriHaeleotoca e when If^iQii »tire«._. ...;... ? ,?.-??...? ' '' ??~^~i-~-. The hlfttherBkiting CHiairman of -3om- mittees, JackAtinear, 'don't know where e are at present.*' ? It would be oomioal to listen to Jaolc describe his shade of politics just now. Ukdkk the new Federation Bill the salaries of members of both Houses will be £100 per annum. The salaries of the seven, ministers allowable to be not moie than £12,000 ^er annum. Attohney General Byrnes is Mlled to pay a visit to-different $\wm in North -jueenslaAtflf and will wry lilr^y fa)w?r ft ? political address at Chatters Towers on the position of Boodiewraifch. The Metropolitan Board of Works in Victoria charges 10s. per year extim to these who use water for a garden. This has no other effect than preventing poor people from cultivating a wmll plot of jproniitL ? Prospective Preiiiielr~3inimy Dioiison says that the retirement of Sir Hugh Nelson from active politics will be aj^jT'' loss to -^ueenslaBd._Only Fancy what a calamity it would have been to Queenel&nd; had old ** Nevermind ' never been born. ^TJHBjeBtii»«»*Mi ftvpenditureof the Federal Parliament, if it ever sees daylight, will be for the first year £2,842,100. A revenue is expected which will reduce the amount to about If millions which will have to be found by the federating colonies. ~G, Large petitions have beet* signed and presented to the Governor of West Aus tralia requesting him to call Parliament together at onoe in conseqnenoo of the ? Government's regulation relative to allu vial gold-mining at which the diggers are furious. Ben THlefet at the Temt enure Hall, Melbourne, on the 23rd March ; *' It was a remarkable thing temperating n.nH r^igiV.n ? -always went hand in hand with lour wages, for the man who advocated temperance and religion also believed strongly in low wages, and never lost an opportunity to air their views.' Politics mut indeed be very rotten in Queensland when a Tory journal like the Kockhampton Record goes so far as to say : ' There is no objection to poor men in the Government of a free country, but the ? public interests areunsa'e if, as is generally believed, they arc at present in Queensland — ~ entrusted to the hands of hopelessly em barrassed men.' If the people were~to~oppose the creation ? of all titles the English Upper House would soon be as, dead as Fisher's ghost. Bead what the statists say : 'Within the last, twenty years 120 new peerages have been ffreated, wMift Q4 ha^-? become cx tinct; nearly half the peers and baronets have inherited or received their title* within the last ten years.' Shipowners boss the Melbourne City Council, the Employer's Union, and pretty well run everything; in fact as an individual said at thfe meeting of the Em ployer'a Union, ' ' lh« aliiuowmng interest was at present ryling victoria and its metropolis. ' In view of the fact that papu la ion has fled from Victoria to the extent of 90,000, and that half its present work men are idle, would it not Ipe as well to alter the word ruling to 'ruining.' The Trustees, Exeeutors, and Agency Co., of Melbourne, have accumulated pro perty and funds to the extent of £132,000 upon a paid-up capital of £60,000. They ~ have just paid a 5 per cent dividend in addition to many other dividends. They deal with estates representing £6, 000, 000 in value. In New Zealand the State does the whole of this class of business with less waste and expense than private com panies, and the same system should be followed in Australia. 