-JUHER SPORT. The naturalist (says the writer in ?Travel') will ride along quietly over the South African hills or tbrongh the South African valleys. his thoughts far eway with people like Linnteus, Button, and Hum boidt, when plump goes his horse's foreieir into an ertvark hole, and the naturalist is sent sprawling into the mud ! . It is a lovely night. The tky is cloudless, the moon nearly full, end myriads of frogs, crickets, and other insects are calling, singing, and chirping along the river's banks ; while close to the house some owls are hooting from the telegraph poles, and a couple of nightjars making merry in their melancholy way under the bluegume. A light open waggon drawn by four tnuleB takes us some distance fiotu the homestead into the dry kairoo soil away from the mountain'. Here the mules are unharnessed and tied up and the dogs let loose. Not b tree to be seen anywhere ; only s'retchts of red saline soil and rhinoceros bush, with here and there a small mound capped by a low thicket casting a shadow in the moonlight, and showing the centre of en ertvurk's subterranean casilc. Our host rent a man en horseback in the afternoon to in rk the fresh burrowings, and we advanced at once to the nearest mound. In a moment we hear the old dog who leads the van snarling underground, and then came u grunt and some yelps as though one of the dogs wb- hurt. 'Run for the gun 1 There's a porcupine in the hole I I know his grunt!' sings out one of the party. Like an arrow I head for the wapgon and return with the gun. 'Thai's right ! Ton know how to shoot a pig!' We will light fire* in the escape holes, smoko him out, and then you can shoot him. Only, remember, you must aim low in the moonlight!' The dogs are colled ofi, green bushes popped into the holes in the rear and set slight, while I take uiy stand on the top of the mound with my back to tho flames, my gun at full cock, and the chief exit immediately below me. There is smoke enough in all con. science. Another moment and there comes a gruot, followed by the sound of a body stumbling forward/and out rushes a splendij porcupine with quills aliit. I lake cartful aim — the porcupine is not ten yards oB — and pull the trigger. 'TJIP I' goes the right hammer, bnt no report follows. I pull the othei trigger. 'TJIP!' goes the othei hammer, but not a ghost of a report. I drop the barrel. . . . 'Why, blets me, the gun ie not loaded !' 1 cry in consternation. 'Well, you are a ninny !' exclaims lomebody amid the roar of laughter ; 'why, on earth, didn't you load it ?' 'Well,' I replied, 'I saw no cut ridges about the waggon, uml naturally concluded they must be in tbe gon, of course !' That «tor» their laughter: th» man who brought the gun to the waggon fjrtjot to bring tho.cjXjtgj'lgen. But the dogs *tc ii- inain, anJ thii time there cm be no mistake. The subterranean birkt-, growls, and yelps increase in volume by tbe second; until all at or.es a dog lushes out bowling with a flap ot skin torn Irom his shoulder. ' Ah. thai'a the ertvark. The doc has been under his claws I' exclaims our host. 'Dig away, men, and guard ell the exits !' The mound begins to crumble away under the men's spades and soon dwindle awny altogether, tevealing a sort uf ante-chamber, from which sevaral passages shoot out in different directions. One of our hisl's shepherds — a wrinkled combination ot Hottentot and Bushman — is lying flat on the giound above the hole. Watching his oppoitunity, he passes a throng round one of the eitvaik's hind lags in a twinkling, and with the aid of a pole «nd a clever slipknot pulls the throng tight An now begins an extra ordinary tug of war — Bfteen men and a dog against one solitary ertvark. To the philosopher who asked what wou'd happen if an irresistible object were to run full tile inte an immovable one, I can only replj : I don't know ; but if any philosopher weie to ask me what would happen if an irresist ible force tied to an immovable v object Wire to start puiling in the .opposite direction, I could tell him : The rop« would break. We on our side are pulling wiih might and main ; the ertvsrk on his side holds on with his claw like grim death ; -the throng snaps and — we sit down; more foicibly than elegantly, perhaps; but still — we sit down, all of us. By tbe time we are ready ti try again the ertvark has burrowed a foot deeper into the lartb, and the spades have to be brought into requisition again: This time, and with i lie aid ot a lull's eye lantern, the old shepherd succeeds in fasten ing two thongs, one to each hind leg.- And now the ertvark is no longer immovable; he is coming ; backwards inch by inch ; we are too strong for him, and be gives ib. \- A dog rushes forward end triss to get a bfce somewhere; but the ertvark gives him at tap, and tbe dog retitte with a bowl and a shoulder ripped open. Then tho old bushman skips round, and rains down blows with his knopkierie upon tbe ertvark's tubular tapering cn'out and long- eared head, while we continue draeging it backwards. ' Soon all is over, and the beast is \- dead. Tbe old dog and the little old bushman have certainly borne the brant of the fight. The former will get -the tongue, the latter a bam of the ertvark, while our host kindly allots me the skin as a trophy. The dead beatt is hoisted int° the .waggon by four of the men, And the dogs put on the scent again under a fresh mound. On more the barks and growls are repeated, tho mound scooped away, nnd the central nailery laid bare. A young dog creeps into one of the passages, and Inn riofi br-ck with a huwl| of fright. ? Hullo, what's this? Whoie's the bull's eje? . . . Just take a look,' ex claims the «pe ker, one of out guests, handing me tbe lantern after a prolonged stare into the passage. I stoop down, flash the lantern into the hole, and recoil precipitately, not a li'tle startled myself by a pair of glaring red eyes set in a villanouti-loiiking held, clowned by a bristling mane which I find within a foot or two of my n- se when I peep down the poB sase. 'Oh, ycu need not be fright -ned,' says my Iriend, laugh ing, 'it's only one of those cowardly theiven — a naderoe jakhals (spotted hyei.a). Here— Geluk 1 Geluk ! ! — guod dug! ut him, Geluk!' There is a scramble and a tussle, a commingling of barks, snarls, growln, and yelps, and then old Geluk emerge? victorious a second lime. The hyena is dragged out and knocked on tbe head. 