THE TRICKERY OF SOUND. Some curious experiences win. regard to the trickery ol’ sound occurred to me during undergraduate days at Camb ridge, to which I attribute nil early pre delietion ior the science and study ot acoustics. While yet an out-college man. I was unexpectedly offered a set of rooms in the Old Court o£ Trinity, which rooms had been somewhat hur riedly vacated by a man of uncertain health and nervous temperament, who assigned no satisfactory reasons tor suddenly going into lodgings. It was the commencement of a dull October term, and I remember how the bed maker warned me against the rooms, which she characterised as "dreadful dismal." The cau*e. .however, of this . forbidding description was not revealed to mo till some weeks afterwards, when boisterous winds chanced to set in with gloomy November went her, about which period, when sitting up reading, I used frequently to bear low, moaning sounds, as if some creature were in distress somewhere in the lane outside. No one could explain the phenomenon, and it was not until months afterwards that I myself searched for the cause, and after some little difficulty discovered it. It was commonplace enough. In a side room a piece of wall-paper pasted across-a chink had developed a crack, leaving two jagged or " tootneci'' edges, which under certain conditions of draught, vibrated rapidly togcther.form iug, as it were, a reed, and thus produc ing the sound above described. That ghost, like all others in my ex perience, was readily laid ; but another uncanny and more noteworthy occur rence shortly afterwards taught me yet more clearly how capricious sounds may become! and how lmrd to locate or ex plain. In a neighboring staircase there lived (I beg pardon, "kept") another friend of mine, a man of much tougher fibre, wiio was reading—and over-read ing—for a medical exam., and once, through a sleepless night ho was driven to distraction by what, in tire morning, he described as mysterious voices ap parently in the court outside, accom panied by rappings on a tin tray or the ’.ike ; yet, often as he rose and went to the window, there was nothing to be seen, and at. last bis over-wrought nerves gave way, and were not to be relieved until some of his friends succeeded iu finding the cause of his disturbance, which was this : Over the way, in Cains College, where building was go ing on. an engine had broken clown, and workmen had been employed through the night, tinkering it up. This was the sole and sufficient explanation. It satis factorily accounted for the existence of midnight voices and for the weird tap pings, excited imagination supplying all the rest. The instructive fact, however, brought home to my mind was how un accountably sounds may seem to behave themselves when the inind fails to in terpret them aright, and how strangely different a familiar noise may sound when heard amid dead silence. It has been my good fortune more than once, since then to dispel idle imaginings that had been the cause of real disturbance and distress. Occasions have also arisen which have stimulated me to construct sound instruments which, in performing cer tain novel functions, should attain ob jects of practical value. For example, on the occasion of an annual flower show held in my grounds, it has been necessary to summon visitors, many hundreds iu number, aud scattered over a large area, to certain side shows. A horn or bell conveyed nothing in parti cular, but a specially made trumpet, risproti on n scairoiil oO feet high, com manded the whole ground, and" a polite invitation gently spoken to the four winds has been easily heard by all. Some ten years ago my attention was accidentally directed towards kindred acoustical problems by circumstances which again may be considered as out side common experience. By the kind ness and courtesy of the late Dean I Church. I had been granted the privi-1 lege of malting use of St. raid's Cathe dral for carrying out certain experi ments dealing with terrestrial magne tism. I had chosen for my purpose a quiet summer's night, and ail due ar raugements having been made, I com menced a long vigil, sitting alone for hours in the loftiest chamber of the building watching the readings of an instrument, while a colleague watched a similar instrument iu the crypt -100 feet below. It was while occupying this elevated position, with attention well braced, and in that night silence which falls even over our great Me tropolis, that I learned how remark ably certain sounds can be recorded over | vast distances. The measured tramp of j the policeman rang as sharp or sharper than if I had been on the pavement, be side him. The fog-horn of the bicycle then iu vogue—could be heard streets away, and railway whistles on distant lines and hooters on the shipping far down the river seemed unearthly in their carrying power and clearness.' The experiences of that night were fur ther continued on yet another occasion, when, about the same period, I chanced to make my first balloon voyage, and when, by rare fortune, our balloon drif ted over the very heart of London am; almost directly over St. Paul’s Cathedral, at an elevation of 3000 feet above its golden cross. It was a noteworthy- voy age, aud deeply impressed on my" mind afterwards by the fact that it was oue of the last conducted by the late Captain Dale, who shortly afterwards lost Ills life while ascending from the Crystal Pal ace grounds. It was while we were main taining a high elevation that we made out Kenningtou Oval immediately below us, and we could actually watch a game of cricket in progress. Soon, how ever, it became apparent that play was suspended, and then, manifestly in our honor, a ringing cheer came up with a distinctness that I was wholly unprepar ed for. I learned, then, that an English cheer is a very arousing, aud may be come a very astonishing sound; but my wonder grew as we swept on and pre sently caught the rattle of the streets below, which soon increased and grew to a deafening roar positively painful by its harshness and intensity. So far, these i experiences were but proofs of the great! carrying power aloft of loud and fami liar natural noises, but I was now to be impressed quite equally with the pene tration into upper air of Nature’s softer music. It was squally weather that day, and. as eveuiug approached the wind grew rough with gathering storm. We were at that time scudding fast over Hertfordshire, where the country was well timbered, and ever as we passed high over woods, then in full foliage, a soft murmur would fill our ears, and it seemed almost incredible that this was but the tossing trees singing to us half a mile below. There were other sounds, of course. Anon would come the bark of a dog from—where? Or the whistle of a train scarcely yet visible in the distance deep down. Altogether it was firmly impressed upon me from that time onwards that a balloon ascent properly arranged would offer an exceptional opportunity for studying many problems in sound which could not fail to repay fresh investiga tion and experiment; and it is not a little curious that, although acoustics have oc cupied the special attention of many scientists, no one has come forward to systematically use the balloon in the ser vice of that all- important branch of i science — “Strand Magazine/' 