THE METHODIST CHUKCH. l-l HST SYNOD Ol' ('KN THAL DISTINCT. A social galliding wa» hold in tho School nf Arts Inst evening fur tlx- pur- pose of welcoming tilt1 Iliilli^tPt's ¡ind other ri prosentntives lu the lirsf Synod of tho I nitiil Methodist Church in lim Central I-if)rici, which « ¡11 lie ojn'lK-d tn-day. 'illili' was a good attendance, ¡ind thc ( hallinan of HIP district lille l!rv. H. \ omign.au) occupied thc chair. Tin' Chairman, in opening tho Hurting, said thc gathering was II unique one. Tin» nu lidiéis ol' thc Methodist Church ill (he distrh'l hud never met before under similar circumstances. They were about to hold the first Synod in con- fection with the Uiiilod Methodist ( linrch of (Jticcnsluiid. (Applause.! " hi' occasion would lie H historic one. lt was one that KOIHC hud ticen look- ing to for many a long year. Methodist union had hecn regarded for a very long time as ii dream - ii day dream-a thing that was unsubstantial, 'ile had heard it said that it was very nice to think ahout. hut utterly impiaclicaulo to carry into I'lleet. ll would n|i|ieur. however, that there was nothing impossible in thc world provided it was possible. Methodist union vas one of Hie possibilities, nnd though it dad liccii regarded hy very many for very long as an impossibility, it was now a turitable fact. Ile was sure thal in thal they all icjoiced. When »¡icy thought ol thc prophetic thal lind boen'talked about iii connection willi union, of Die awful things welt; predicted thal if union ever caine ubnut, and of the awful results that wire anticipated and dunned into their curs time after lime, they could a Hol d to laugh, lt was very easy to he a prophet ; | hut one should never prophwise until he know. He believed IIIMI this movement right through lind lieen in thc hands of Cod, and that His wisdom, His goodness, and His spirit had been guiding His people and leading them to thu point they bail nov attained. lie did not know whether any of those present knew any- thing of the fogs that were experienced ill thc old country, ¡md which made things arm very dillorciit lo what they were in reality: but he reinem herod reading once of a young mau who was in a, fog, ¡ind saw what he took to bc a ghost in the distance. He could not go back, and nerv- ing himself lo the highest (uissible pilch, walked oil until he got to the object, v. Iiich turned out to bc his brother. Ile thought that it had boon the same in man;. i<»pccts with regard to Methodist union. It hail been regarded as a ghost by a great many; but now that they had conic to it they recognised that they were all I'lethei'ii. ail members of a great family having the same family likeness and thu Mime family blood running in their veins. All rejoiced in the fact that union had I «vii accomplished and that here were assembled tho brethren of th«! dillcivnt churches in thc district to discuss mutters appertaining to tho common interests of Methodism, i .ct them all congratulate one inuit lier on what had been achieved; bul, !? bi ive all. let them give thanks to Cod ¡ind pray that, by His help, they would be dial led to do tho work Ile had given them lo do. (Applause.) Tho Hov. M. loggan (¡rsl extended a cor- dial welcome to the delegates. Then, re foiling to the subject of Methodist union, he said there wore sonic who said (hut tho people of the different Methodist churches would not coalesce ; but he felt sure that as soon as they came together they would, like tho ministers, be brothers and' sinters. There was one thing which had struck him ill fouueetion w ith the work of thc churches in this colony, and which made him thank- ful that union hail been brought about. Urn! was Ihal they had biri! boating the air and wasting their energies : but now that they weio one that would be pre- vented. This colony was a grand one, and it had a great fut ure before it. Its popula- tion was hound to increase, and he foresaw this -Ihal. as the population increased, there would be two chiuvhis in ninny of the towns. Ile hoped still to see two churches in those centres-and «Hircc :f necessary : but not until lhere was thc need for thom. What thc united church should strive to do was. not only to wini' among the people living along Hie coast mid along the railway lines, bul among the scattered populations that were settled in the back country. There wa- om point ol whicli he was convinced. Thal was that now thc chinches were united (hov would bc able to deal with all these things iinnii better anil uiiicli mme satislaclorilv Hum il had been possible to do illulia (he old «Uder of tilings. (Applause.l Mr. ll. Williams, nu behalf of thc Camp ln-ll-si reel Church, also cxlciidcil a hearty groi-tilig to (he ministers anil other dolé gales. Ile expressed his belief Hint il' the iiiciuhcm of thc nulled churches rose to Hie iiicasioii and did their duty the union which hail been eoiisiiuimaleii would maru un epoch in Hie history of Alelhodism in (.iiieciishiud : bul he was oomiueoil of this . -that Hu' ivMill would <U']<fii<] vcr ' largely nu lum cadi individual tunk til '' matter up. Thc wink that thc Nyunti Int' r In du was \ery iiiipui'taut. It concerno I nut utily liuckhumplnii. hut eM-rvnur in ,. I ci esl iii'in tin' «rilli iv ni' thc church inn t la rc In Longreach anti fur a few litnuli«-. miles hcvninl. lt huit In liiKc up tin. wm! ' m thc .'.I.I I'liiuitiic Medindi*! amt WV. ' levan i linn lie- ju all pun- ni that ta- li area. III shnrl. it hail a ven hip .millan . Illili III' hoped »lett illili». «"ltl<l nillir . il. Mr Williams mcnli.uicd Ilia) lu- un , prcsciu at I lie ciiufcrciiec which was hel.l ii Am klaiul hct year, anil staled lie ilid un 8 think il «.Milli he maui wats licuar tin S wlinle nf thc Mclhnilisl' c'hlllrllcs nt Alis ii lia hi sie vu,nid h.- handed together as tl" chiirclies in ljucensland vi'iv mm. iAp K I'l'"'-'' . Thc ( hailnulli -aid (lien- cere mam 1 Illings »lli.ll slllllk hilll «lieu Ile ».like. I'I «li i:.ist st reel ¡ii si alter hi rrriMil ill liurUialuplull: hilt lin Illing which smirk him tm-si «a. thc ninian inl whirl, had Lr. ii créele, near thc l'u*i Ollire t.. a lniml.lc Mclhnilisl preach, i thc lies. I!. Hartley. i Ap- plause.) Hr hud never seen such a illili;1 U'f.irc. ll spuke «ell i.tr llnckliaiuptun ; hui il spukc limn, fur Mi. llarllcv. l u 1 fm I unal. lv Mr. Hartley had guile : lint hi was sine thal il he had lived he M,.lilil Inn. icjnii.d al (he uni,ni nf the Methodist church.-. Il.iw.vor. Mr. Hnrllov'- sm, «a, ll,nr. and he had lnl.ru a »real' dell ni ill Irrest in his father's ri.inch. Ile lind, .herc (ure. milch plcasitiv in calling un Mr. Hart I.V. 'Mr. S. W. Hartley, «lin was rcrcivc-l «itll applause. extended a «cíenme tn ill : delegates nu hchulf nf thc Kil/.roy-stree! Church, licit i ring lc thc icu ari,s ,,f :iie t <. Iiiiiiliniti. he said H al shortly l.rli.ic hi- llend' his father cxprr*-nl tl,j. hup,, that : thc day un» mit far distant «Inn the Methodist Inicies llm.ugh.iiii Viisiralii «unid he tine. (Applause.i The unetiiv t.f this Synod was mu- nf thc must impur taut in thc M.'lliuilisl liodiisiu Horkliamp (oii thal had liccn held, and he hop. d i. «.ililli devote snliii' lillie lillie In poller!ill;; ' measures having fur their ul.¡.?ct the liring ing chiscr tugcthcr nf thc dillcivm cir.-uiis in nil parts ni thc district. Ile hoped iii. ' time was nul far distant «hen Hie ohiiivlir.s vnulli lie aide tu shu« tn those ..ulside a ? lauri' nut wind and visililc sign ul' the uncut I hu ll they emili slum at prescni. Take ; linekhalllplull fur install, c. Alt ll.High thc Methodists nf thc town were united, th. v ' still had two churches and inn ministers. either nf «holli multi inini-lii to a much ' h.igor congregation I lum hut li nf thc I churches put tiigclhci. let it If thc cn ' denium nf all «lin «ire ellen ned in th" welfare nf thc clim eh and thc advaii".'iii.'iit ol church work herc tu tiring iihuitt thc c talilishiiicut nf au united central church, where holli congregations could meet, lem- ing one of thc ministers nt lilierty tn tlevnic nuire time than it was pussililt- for him t.. ' do at present to thc outlying pla.es. Ile did liol wish to minimise thc ililli, uitie : «Ililli lay in thc way nf that : lull he ' thought that if they were faced résolu!riv half ol them would disappear. ( Applause.I I'lic Hov. .1. .1. (icc returned thanks fur ' the hcartv welcome. The llt'v. C. Wesley followed. He said ' thal his Iii st linnie ill (Jueciishtn.l « hen 1 he came mil. fruin the old country was ; iii lincklinmpton. and he rcincmhi-rcd the kindly grilling that ¡ic received from tine of thc grainiest iiiissioiiuiios thc Methodist Church hail ever had-thc l'.ev. I!. Hartley. .Mr. Hartley's history would form one of the most interesting volumes of Christian , biography one could read, and it was a surprise to him that it. had not long ere ; this been written. Ile could supply many interesting stories of thc grand old man. ' (Applause.) Thc union of thc Methodist chinches hail happily been accomplished. He was one of the clergy stationed in the vest. He lived nt l^ingrcach : but his dis- trict extended from Ilfracombe west «¡ntl ; as far as he liked to gu. Ile travelled over thc country, going as fai ns 14(1 miles nut. from Longreach three or four times u-year. He «ns Hie only clergyman wini went as far afield us thal. There «asgroat need fur many inure wurkcrs in the west. There should bc a howl of earnest Christian mini-tors taking thc Cospel message lo thc back hincks, and he trusted thc united churches would rise to the occasion. Hut he also boped that while there was. in the person of the Chairman nf thc district, ii Methodist bishop resident in Itockhaiuptun, there would also bc ii Methodist cathedral in thc town. (Applause.) tither speeches were delivered, and ill thc course nf thc cveitine: songs were contribu- ted by .Me-.*rs. .1. lt. Ward ami I'.iltcr, while Mr. X. Wiley (ill addition tu play- ing thc ucrninpntiiiiicnts to the singers) ron!¡¡hilled a piano solo. A public dei ol ional meeting, with a sac- ramental service, will be held this evening in thc Fitzroy-*! rod church. Thc Kev. Mi'ssrs. s. Larkin and .1. i!. Williams will deliver addresses. 