FOR liUBES SAKE. Working hours were over in the Great White Cauyon. Mary Veroer pulled down the little window of tbe post-office of which she was misfaess, swept tbe contents af the narrow counter into a drawer, which she locked ; then pinning a broad- leaved hat above the curls that clustered about her brow, she passed out of Lei log cabin into tbe sweet evening air. As she reached the low fence which ran before her bouse a hurried footstep sounded through the gathering gloom, and a man's voice ta d ; "2s Out you, Mary, my girl P You look Kore tban a ghost under the shadow of husbf'i.' 1 ' " You've kept your promise, dearest, and cg ->!•! to use me," she cried, as she threw berstlf int-i the arms of her lover. Keubeu Halse kwsed the red lips so frankly offered before be spoke. " Yes, Mary, I've krpt iny promise, bnt I've come to say good-bye." Good- bye—fiood-bye ? You're going away ? You're going to leave me—jour sweetheart— your wife that is to be. . ** My. dexr little girl, don't crv—don't grieve. You ve been my sweetheart, faithful and true, but we can "never maiiT-" The strong man's voice broke and died into nlence. " Go on ; tell me tbe worst." sobbed the girl In his arms. "Listen, dear. You know that latterly things have gone wrong with me. The bit of money I've saved for our wedding in the fall was stolen, and then the cabin I'd built for jou down by tbe Blue Pools was burnt. StiU, there was the farm stock and your little purse of savings left, but' the drought has killed the stock and—Oh, Marj, how can 1 tell you ?" Mary drew apart from hor lover and steadied her trembling form against the garden fence. •' Someone has robbed you of -the money I gave you. -Oh, my,poor hoy——" ' She stretched forth her pitying bands towards the man before her, who only bowed his head and Shuffled hit feet in the thick white dust. •• Tell me. Keuben, tell me how it happened. Ah, surely, you ace not thinking that 1 shall blame yon for such a misfortune," and once more she crept to his side. Bnt Beuben thrusc ber iroqa him. ** TVas no misfortune; twas m crime. Your little savings, thaw_feir oaini you've starved and scraped to keep, lie thwe." He pointed with his lesu, brown hand dowu the canyon to where, amidst a dense mass foliage, a few lights twinkled. Mary staggered. " Down there ? At FfoUiett's 1 I lost it all ftt faro l«Bt nigat," For a moment no sound but the evening breeze whispering among tbe creepers and bu>hes and the harsh note of a lJght bird broke the silence. Then a women's voice, tender and low and full of tears,murmured,"Bube, a dear Rube, I forgive you " " Don't. Mary, don't 1 I'd rather you would strike me!" The stars twinkled their diamond eyes on tbe man and girl as they said farewell. For Reuben had settled to leave tbe canyon that night. " Bill Kedfern, One-eyed Sammy, and Joe, the Fortngee, axe going, too. We're all broke, and may tiewill starve out there," and he waved his hand towards tbe wide Toreet land of Arizona, as in this canyon here. Don't sob so, my girl, you'll break my heart. I'm not worth a tear from your pretty eyes or a choke in youx white throat. But, Mary, yon might pray foe cae sometimes, and when you're married to a good chap as don't go to Ffoilietfs and neglect bis farm for the tables and the bar, think of me-e, who loved you, but was not worthy to have you." Beuben Hasel and bis companions bad been goae from the Great White Canyon for a week. Mary's cheeks, never very full of colour, had grown pale and heavy, and blue lines beneath her large eyes told of sleepless sights and many tears. Yet Paul Harding— 4 ' Beauty Paul, as he was called in the canyon—thought he had never •ten Mary look so lovely as he clattered op to the door of tbe post-office one morning and asked tbe young pgf&maclcem; if there m anything for him. " Nothing for you to-day." Yet Paul seemed loth to go. He pulled his long, lawny moustache, jingled his spurred boots upon the floor, and continued to stare through the pigeon-hole window at the girl, as she flitted about her usual business. *• Anything I oan do for you ?" she asked him presently. " No," Paul said slowly, taking iu every detail of the girl's pretty figure,clad in a cotton frock of gtntian blue. " But might I speak to jou one minute—privately." *• You can Bay what you have got to say where yoa are." He stared siieutly, tA bis boot*, and bis eyes wandered up taey lit on tbe snowy shelves of bright utens.is, and shining saucepans which liuftd the walls. •• How different you ktep the place from what a awn's shanty is " But he stayed his compliments. " You live down by the Blue Pools, don't you ?" Yes, next to Beuben Halse till bis place was burnt out, and he came to my shanty. li saw Rube three days back." " You saw Bube ?" Mary clasped her bands above her heart. •• Yes. He and his chums passed through ^ w g W I • Long Tom's ranch. I've been out there this ' two months past helping him brand and count tbe cuttle Rube told that you and he had parted, and the reason why. He asked me to look after you a bit. You see, we've been good pals, and I'd like to do him a turn now he's gone under. Yoa will let me look after you now and again, won't you, for fiube's • <ke ?" The handsome cowboy, tall and strong as a giant, clad in the picturesquely rough clothes of his calling, bent like a reed before the tiny, blue-clad figure of the post-mistress, who laid a •lender white hand ia bis great palm and lifted her violet eyes to his dark ones. " Surely, Paul Harding, for Rube's saka, you may look after me when I can't look after myself." It was for Rube's sake that the following Sunday Paul dressed himself in his best, brought a little two-wheeled cart, gay with bells and bright colours, to Mary's door and asked her to drive out with him. The day was fur, and '• Beauty" Paul amn^ed her with stories of Bube, and when tbey came to an end he told her of his own home, in the heart of a green county in England. He made her laugh with his tales of college' life, and shudder with his descriptions of the' campaign in Egypt, which he had gone through, i Only be did not tell her how he, an English: officer, came to be loafing and drinking and! gambling away his days and his health in Great' White'Canyon. The next Sunday Mary shut herself within j her log cabin, and neither the blue sky nor thej gay cart and smartly-caparisoned horse, nori " Brauty " Paul himself could wheedle her out.i She would not be seen." she said, sternly, j ••with one of Ffolliott's lot." She, however, j r» p< ntrd and forgave him on his promise tol for her sake. | Is weeks and months went by. and thej jaao of the canyon changed to red and gold. Paul foand tha% if he was to "look after" Mary he had to give up the saloon. And. indeed, for a space Ffolliett's knew him not, (ill one October morning his allowance— the money which bought his family freedomfrom bis disgraceful pretence—arrived from England. j For the next week Ffolliett's was a pandei monium, with the " Beauty " as s presiding demon. Mary heard of it and refused to speak or look at bim. Then it was that he fluBg himself before her one day and prayed her to save him from that which he was powerless to save himself from—drink and dice and bad companions. And she did what other, women have done before her and will,do again. She placed her hand in hia, and, with her heart full of Bube Halee, she promised to many Paul—fur bis seulVsake. The we if their muntge d&y; Arrivm!* *nd with it Paul's sliowaQce from Eugland. The occasion and . the opportunity saggwsted a carouse, and Paul informed the •• boys " he would be standing treat at the Ffolliett's that tiigbt for the last time. Paul was lull of liquor—he had drank- Mary's health with every man in the place—and he was-also full of luck for once in a Way, A pile of gold lay before him on the table, and he was ust proposing anctherreond in Wu}'* honour bua lag Bill Redfem strode "in and was reeted with a shout of u Alloo,Bill, you hack? hat luck, pard P" . • f Luck, my lads, f leave luck to fools and dead beats I've been working, and,thank God, 've worked for something. I've put my »weafc and xeusclo into the ground and'lVe struck ore! None of your dust or pockets, but a mc aa broad as an ox's back andesloog as a river, aod l've come back with Rube—— " 1 \- Paul looked up with a start. Here was he drunk in a gambling hell on. the eve of hii marriage with Mary, and Bube had come backj 1 What did you say ? " he muttered. ! 'I said Babe and I had come back. But> don't let me disturb your game. Come, comaJ have a drink; I'm standing treat, and as tol Bube, here's his health and Mary's !" j *« I'm standing treat!"" shouted Paal,spriag4 urgtup. " Have a drink with me !'' And! with this be flung his liquor in Bill's face and made a rush at him'. j A pistol Bashed, a blue puff of smoke died in the hot sir,and " Beauty " Paul lay stone dead) on FfoUiett's floor. ! Some of them went up to the post-offiee tol break the news to Mary. There was a light ia the window, and by it they saw Rube and be^ sitting talking. Quietly and with bowed heads; they leftthe cottage and returned to Ffollietf^ without falfilling their mission. Next day a rough-and-ready, jury having-i sidered all tbe circumstances of the < with due appreciation of Bill Bedfern's | as a dead shot, derided that Paul had courtedl on purpose a certain death, and tbey returned d verdict of " Suicide while of unsound mind." I 