The Christian Convention. : SECOND DAY— WEDNESDAY. The proceedings in connection with the United Christian Convention were continued throughout .Wednesday last at the Centenary Hall, Yorkstreet, the subject for the day being, ' The Need of Pentecostal Christianity.' A prayer meeting was held at 7 a.m., 'under the' leadership 'of the Eev. J. W. Holden, at which there was a good, attendance. The llev. ? D. O'Donnell presided at the meeting at 10.30, when Bible readings on the subject of the day were given by. the Eev. A. W. Webb and'the chairman.1 Mr. Webb, in his address, which was based on the passage of Scripture wherein Paul described himself as a bond slave, said, that this position had not only duties but many blessed privileges. One of the greatest' of tiiese was to possess 'Pentecostal Christianity, which was the ideal, and should be the realisa tion of every believer. The llev. D. O'Donnell. basing his remarks on the first chapter of Acts, said the Christian Church was sometimes in danger of going before the Holy Ghost, instead of letting the Holy Ghost . precede . all their activities and work, At T. 15 a. meeting was held for business men and women at'; which there ?? was a large atten dance. The Eev. Dill-Macky presided, and the Ecv. S. C. Kent, of Melbourne, delivered an address bearing on the subject of the day. The midday meeting was followed by a pub lic meeting at 3 o'clock, at which there was a large attendance, the body of the large hall being well filled. .Various ministers represen tative of all denominations occupied seats on platform. The lleV. J. , Mullens opened the meeting with' prayer,' 'and addresses were de livered, by the llevs. F. Duesbury and A. W. 'Webb. ,-;!' : ;? -..;;'. m ,r; .:?..:,,;.. ,, : ?'?? The Rev. F. Duesbuvy in his address ap-, pealed to ' those, present to individualise this subject of ' 'Pentecostal Christianity,' and ask themselves if they possessed the blessing. When once they realised their 'need of ? it then they would soon possess it. God often showed them things in ; their lives that were not;' worth' possessing, but 'He 'always. .offered something far better in exchange. ' They could not supplement their religious life. as some were trying to do with little pieces out of the world, and if they tried this they' would derive no satisfaction from it. There was a species of colour- blindness among some believers 'regard ing spiritual things which needed the enlighten ment of the Holy Spirit, and with this en lightenment would come a marvellous spiritual revelation. -The Eev. E. 'Fox then sang an appropriate hymn, the congregation joining in the chorus. The Eev. A. W. Webb delivered an address on the same subject. If, ho said, they became possessed by the Holy Spirit it would render them independent of conditions, and conven tions such as the present would no longer be ? needed. Were they, he asked, satisfied with. their Christian life '/ Had it been what they anticipated ? Were other people — their neigh bours and .friends and those .with them in the home — satisfied .with their Christianity and its practical outworking ! What they needed was abundant spiritual life. The truly spiritual man had only one purpose in life, and that was to glorify God ; When they received the Holy Spirit they would have courage to speak and act for Christ, and the Gospel would win its way to the hearts of men through individual effort on the part of God's people. The llev. D. . O'Donnell presided at the ? evening meeting, at which there was. a'. splendid. attendance. The Eev., Dr. Porter opened with, prayer. ? ' ; .'- ??'?'? ?' -' '''T'^.v'-'; The llev. John Dixon,!;mthe 'course of his address on the subject; of, the -clay, -..said he lo.oued upon it as the most important of the 'three in the scries, because Unless they felt their need of the Holy Spirit they would never realise this 'Pentecostal Christianity.' Christian people ; often 'spoltb. ? of the 'Father's love and. honoured Him, but they neglected to recognise' the .Holy Spirit. It was too little preached upon v from' the pulpit, and too little dwelt upon in-, the pew. This- gift of the Holy, Spirit was; absolutely essential to their spiritual. life., The apostles in all their teachings and writings were continually' urging God's people to seek the filling of the Holy Spirit.; If they. obtained this gift the spirit of self-righteousness would, be rooted out, and the humble and meek spirit would take its place. If they read God's Word with the Holy Spirit's aid, then would their' hearts be. all aglow with love, and upon every passage would be shed a new light. They would excliiim as did tho disciples ofold,'' Did not our hearts burn within us as He talked with us by the way.' When once1 they obtained this they would have. perfect perice, ? power, and purity. The Eev. John Watsford said that he would just summarise ' the address he had prepared.: They all needed the ? Holy Spirit, -for many reasons. .. They needed it because .they could not do without it. They could not live the life of perfect love and submission unless they were filled with 'the spirit. They ?'? had no experi-' mental knowledge- of the, facts God intended them to communicate until they received their baptism. It was possible to be wholly sancti fied because God's ? .word had declared it so. Some believers said they could not speak for God, but once let them receive their baptism and they would feel they could not but speak. There whs no human authority that could be substitutedior this. No amount of learning or ? intellectual ability would make up for the. lack of.it. Were not, he asked, men 'full of faith and the Holy Ghost' wanting in their churches? True' they had a few of such, but tliey needed, more: The only way in which they could hope to reach the masses was through the power of the. Holy ; Spirit. -They needed ;this baptism also so that Christ might be glorified, and; because withit they could do all things. An after meeting followed, .to which almost the whole of the large audience remained. . 