CHAPTER XIV. PINNIE HAS AN ADVENTURE. INNIE was rapidly recovering, and the time drew nigh \- when he must or ganize his infant faculties into some line of action for i maintenance. He had not been idle during a portion of his sickness. He rose from his beda differ ent person in one respect-he could read a little, and every day added to his powers in that direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was paler than before, and his step was still unstoeady. But his features j..-1.n.? .nger expressive of vacancy, and his stop was not shambling. His white forehead and finely molded nmouth and chin gave promise of considerablestrength. How often at night heasked after the wel fare of W'innie. This pleased Heloen, and her pictures of the girl were at times tinged slightly with the golden hue of affecti,n. It may be stated, also, that the clear-eyed islanddaughter, with her "iss," anti "wass, atnd sweet Gaelic accent, also inquired daily for Pinnio. One day Pinnie was fooeeling unusually de pressed--he felt that he was becoming a bur den to the holusehold. All wore glad to see hinm so well, and to hear hint rattle off " lit erature" with nmore or less reliness. But the fact that he was a non-supporting mom bor of the group wiaLs ainful. So, one day, when Helen returned fromn her labor, which still continued, she found a note awaiting her. It was written in boyish script, and read as follows: Dear Miss Hlieln: I thought I ought to get something to do. So hlave borrowed a little money of DMrs. Smith, and I have gone over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with hhn and see if he knows what I can do. I will hope to be back as soon as you do. PINNLE. Mrs. Smith had gone into the city shop ping, and had not returned, and the maid of all work know nothing of Pinni's going. Eight o'clock and Mrs. Smith both canme, and still no 'inunie. But at half-past 8, just as they wcore becoming alarmed, a note canme from Mrs. North stating that "Mr. Pinnie" would remain there over night. At the North castle it had been a dullday. The light remark inale by Conrad aboutr threatened raid on the down townl ollico wor ried Mrs. North. Being forewarned, of course 1Mrs. North felt that there was no real danger. However, whalut may be called the "'feminine shadow" hung over her, and her mind refused to dispel the gloom. The huge clock ini the hallway had just struck 2, when the heaovy knockor on the heavy door sent a chill through her slight frame. By the time the man servant was at the door, Mrs. North was at the head of the old-fashioned staircase. The door was open ed. There stood a pale, lank, sickly-looking woman in masculine raiment--at least that wais what Mrs. North suspected. The largo, dark eyes looked strangely and steadily upon the d,oubtful Mr. Bonar, who stood for a moment without saying a word, as if wait ing directions from his mistress. And when Bonar did spring hin with a question, he did it carefully, so as not to scare him away in case ho were a real ghost. "Aln' phwat kin I do for the likes o' yeor" "Can you toll me, mister, if Mr. North lives here " "'Indado, soor, an' we kin do that," return eel t he Irishman, without offering the desired information. On the long piazza, or porch, near the outer door, was a huge rustic chair. With a stansnlering word Pinnie almost tumbled into this, muclh to the anxiety of the man. "Och, me leddy, the lahd is sick." Mrs. North was by him at that moment, and asked of Pinnie: "My boy, are you ill!" "I have been, Mrs. North, but I am only so tired now. I walked from the ferry." "Bounar will bring you into the house" and, as she said this, the sudden thought came into her mind, that, perhaps, this had something to do with the threatened bur glary. "But then," she reflected in an in stant, "that was at the down town oflice and surely this youth would not bhe an agent in such work I" Then she said aloud. "You speak my name, bht I do not remember to have mot you, do you know me?" "Yes, I know you from the words of Miss Lamont. I came to talk with Mr. North, who can tell nmo what to do, probably." "Are you the sick person of whom Miss Lamont told us?" To nn CowTMrrim 