THE DOWNFALL OF PETER JACKSON Described by the 'Referee' Represen tative at the Ringside. THE WINNER A WORLD BEATER. PETER'S BRILLIANT WORK. TWO OTHER GREAT FIGHTS. JEFFRIES BEATS GODDARD IN FOUR ROUNDS. SAILOR SHARKEY and JOE CHOYNSKI — A SENSATIONAL & EXCITING BATTLE. (From Our Special Commissioner in America.) PETER JACKSON went down to defeat at Woodward Pavilion last night. He went down with colors flying at that. That all-important factor, 'condition,' had no chance to assert itself, and it wasn't the ease of the ghost of Jackson's past life gibbering at him over Jeffries' shoulder and mocking him. 1'otnr wan tlio paconmkor. Ho was neither: slow, or Rtn|;R«ry. He . was lighting like u Htentii-oiiKiuo, Kiindiiifr in eluun-cut iind nupnrcnlly punishing riRbfc-handars nndur JolTriea' hourl whoii tho tide of buttle turned. Prior to heginuinc tbhv bombardment of Jeffries1 ribs ? ? JACKSON ELECTJRIFIED THE CKOWD wiih his ducking. Jeff's favorite nnti moBt damiiKiiip punch is a luft-liiinder for tho head. It in always u swing, und lins at times an up ward tondenoy. But- wliutbar cmiim from tlii) direction of tho hip or whizzing through the -air from .the, level.'! of thu ehouldor, Jackson managed to i:ot under tliu blow, it wim a trout to ura him dive uudur that arm, us big an a loir, und come up j;rinuing on .Uil'a port quarter, unit were. The crowd felled with dulijjhl lit this clover trick of avoidance, on Puter'a part, uud'luul Potor oon tinued to duck th.ssu left-hamlers all would hare uone woll with linn, at ioust for u fow roundu lonjjor. , lhulo to think Hint I ho enthusiasm inani fatted in Petor'u hohalf outside the ropos ufftioted JiicltHon, but really it looked that nuy. It Hcemcd to arouse tho martial spirit as tho buflo cull stirs, tliu old cavalry home, uul ho bvgiui tukiiiK chanson. He had givan Jeffries a taulo of that uiiarriuir left jub between the eyes, and lib had also uiunnKod to drive his loft Holidly into the bin fellows mid Mclioii while ducking, lie should linro con tinned that stylo ot warfare for u whilo. ' lie took lo using tho right-hander ah tho heart., the blow with which ho stopped OSooiko I Godfrey's gallop ton years aco. Iu ordor lo ? liuul this blow the moro effectively , ho left 1 LiuiHulf open to that dreaded left awing. ? Tho pity of it ia. too, that the heart : punch™ di-l not disturb Joffrias' to thu ^ «io,.i,,i,b,a l.boy- havo disturbiid- moil of \ [cuter fraiuo. Juff Iuih thu lor ho ot a, auuuou I bull tos3ur mid raps oil thu rilis punish him no i moro than they would a big hairy mule. Ollco ; 1'etor fuund that it was cany to laud the hwut blow ho ducked no mom, but (,'nvu his wholu ; uttontion to noppuriug the Los Angolan's lufl '? litlo. Jeffries drew out of riuiKtt repeatedly, ! and sidled nruuml tho colored chuinpiou. i i'cilor wuut after him, and | THE CKOWD YKLLED MORE AND [ M0R13. '. Tlioy woto now in tliu second round, anil tho beeiniiiiiir of tho end tor Jackson nan at ? hniid. His bluod was up, and ho was for miiiiiu on every possibio occasion, iiuug '? would ko his right at Jeff's ribx, and the i inevitable luft swing .at, tho head from Jnffrius would either Hud Jackson stepping : back or lih.nco off his shoulder. ? Just as Peter hud planted ono severo right on tlio rius, and was drawing; anay, Jeffries' : big luft arm camo around with a sweeping motion. Only tho hnlf of tlio Los AmkiiI.ui'h : tlovu ovorlnpppd Jackson's chin, but tho ! impact iviis oiioiiich tocaiiHo the Australian's Iiioijh to sit); and his body to sink to the floor. ; lie foil on his haunches and rolled orer on his tide. Then ho scrambled slowly to his feet, wul Jeffrius Blood n. couplo oC, paces away bo ; -s to give him a'chnuco to throw hiiusulf iuto ? position. With the fiirliling instinct stronir in him, Juuknou raised his urniH and Dtoppod towards ' Jeffries. His brain was partly clouded, : UiiHi|;h, and there was no triclc in iniilini; him now. Around name that ponderous loft ii|-am, and Peter fell a second 'time. He rolled to tho ropes, and was in the act of '- linuiiiiK hiinsolf to his feet when tho eoug ! CGUndL'd. I lVmr's Kecomls (Young Mitchell, PatRv | Corriitau, and Vincent White) seized him and j (lr«|?)-ml him to his chair. One of them ? ipliished him liberally with water and ho ro i lelluil. He iniahod thu towols away from his ; fncu, an iutimatiou, X suppose, that he wautad ' air more than unythiu-f oIhc. Ho ranted his i bIovob nn his kuuus and kopt uu eye on the { timing olook. - ? When Ihu PiBnal for thn third round to ucBin sounded he auuxht tho end of a towol, wiped his dcippint; face, and wnlkod rapidly lo the centre. Ho was Btilldazod, but , HE WAS GAME TO TIIECOKE, ? ' i nml to tho disiuay of Ihoso who had his ! hitorosls at honrt; iustoadof playing for timo i liom.nrtoilawilliiiK«|.ht. , ;?.' i I, tor ouo, was in hopes that ho wouldbosiin , dnukiiiK a-ain, or at least itontout liin.folf : with BtrniKht lofts at tho face, blows with i vlmm I bad figured out beforo tho uoulost hu ? would bo able to dineouut Jeff's aiivunlacos j 'I youth and strength. Unt 110. Petor had ! ' little thought for . iinythbii! hut the last ? lmnch, und ho boKim usiitK it ii|;aiu.' In view of iho olhur Tollow's doftneus with tho loft i Bwinjj. Ihoue tietius Bu'uinecl siiioidal, for the j position Jackson ussuuiod in sonduiK in thono IiIoivh loft Ids head diroutly in tbo linn of lire. ? lleuot in ono punch and usuapml a. return. Ho Weil again, and that hnmliko fiBt of Jolfrios found his jaw.iiK ho wua slopping. back. It waii pitiful from that timo on ; Juak'snn was d«?.y,amV his vision wns blurred.'- It i« j acmblful if hu could neo Jeffries, JJoforoo Jim M'Dimalil, .or anylhinK else.- ilo was at ; Jelttios' moruy, yot tlio bii; follow foilod to i yowl him over. Blow nftof .blow fell on 1'otor's head, nook and jaw. Ho spread his ! lees Mil liracod himself, rook'niK ' '» his foot j «ud reruBiiif; to cii down'. Then Jeffrios sent in , an oxtrn hard Bwinir., Ik amij-lih Potor on the ! olun.'niiu knocked idm aaaiust tho ropes. Ha I 'ill: until ha wim in a sittinir posture on tho j ''Ivor ropo, and hia head droopod. i 'STOP THE FIGHT!' YELLED A j ?' SCOllli! 01' VOIpES, ? 'hit Uio roforeo jnmpoil helwoon Jackson and ; fnrtliur harm. To Jolfrius' credit he it H.id : that he nacmed lo have no iutuiition of roturn i inijtn thn aitaault. Ho just stood at a roKpcot ! nil iHidnnco and awaited development'. : A ouptaiii nf police and foino of his moil Pr«-j.-,1 lownrdn tho ronos, and the -unuiniii ; . or.l.-iMl -.],o ruforau to au'll n. linlt. 'Tlio pollau'lmva slnppod tho fiuhr, and I ! ilBolnro .li-ft'rioH tho winner,' Baid H'Doniild. : II «rn» a jiMt and nousiblo voi-diot, for if tho : hi;hl hail unno on Jaoksou could not luiYo ; Inntoil out tho round. : It wan iib oleiiu iind manly n contest nn oror «ft» aot» witulu l.Ua vopoa. . To tlio BUtDrioe ot all tho ono or two infractions of vine ctiquotto which occurred woro couiniiltcd by Jackrau. Th-! men agreed not lo hit in the clinches, but Potor forgot himself and placed his right on Jeffries' rihs «u ono or two occasions when they woro partly ontanitlod in nn embrace. Iho contort created moro excitement in San Francisco than nuy that hits taken plnue siuco tho bin mill at Carson a year aEo. From the outset Jeffries was tho favorito, opuuing at 10 lo G: One day when a iioodly amount or Jackson hacking hove in , siyliu Iho price shorteuod until even betting bocamo tbo rnlo fora while. This did not last lonir. and on tho day of the contest it wns 10 to 7 on Jeffries, with plenty of money on both sides. Tho holding eapaoity of Iho Pavilion was tested to the utmost. Out on tho streets tho crowd began to bank up us early as C.30 p.m., A BIG FORCE OF POLICE wns kopt busy marshalling tho ticket-holders in line : Tho most of tho seats wore sold before the doors opened, and hundreds who bought standing room hud their money re lumed, as the policn ordoreil tho doors closed when tlio place beoumo uncomfortably orowded. It. looks to mo us if the managers of tho affair (the Olympic Club) made a mistake in not securing iMoclmnics' Pavilion. Tho lO.OOOdol taken in at tho doors would certainly havo been increased by a couple of thousand morn in tho largor building. As it ia thorn should be about UOUOdol uumiug to the lighters, ami of this the. loser's nlmro; according to .tlio porcuutage mentioned in the articles of ugroe mont, will bo about SOOOdol. Whilo tho ineu wore getting ready in'lhoir dressing rooms, Major U'Litughlin, one of Iho lending spirits of tho whole California Club, uamo to the Press soats to talk to mo. ' I havo just, noon Petor, and ho will win to amoral oortainty,' said tho Major, 'Iuevor saw hiin in. better shape. Ho is in' moro satis factory condition than ho was for his tight with Corbott, and mark my words ho will pin, eli thu head off this young giant.' Major iM'Luughlin has always been a great uiiiniraruF Puttr.: It was the Major to whom Cnrbelt made tho assertion that his hands were gone when called to t he ropes in the Jncksou-Corbott fight to explain why so littlo boxing w.ia being done. The Major visited Jackson ut his training quarters a wouk ago, and after smug him up critically roported that hit was lit to make tho uatllo of Ins life. The fact that Potur weighed 1081b after eight weeks' of hard training impressed iM'Lauuh linmoio than uny thing. ' Whero there i3 mi Iosb in fighting weight llioro cannot have been much waste of tissuo,' is tlio way M'Laughlin put it. . '? This follow lias not racked Ii'ik constitution, nsmostpeoplo supposed. Ho will uu as big a uelubrity utter this light as he wub live years ago.' The reports of two doctors substan tiated M'Lauuhliu's opinion us to Jack son's physical condition. Ouo of these guntleuiou was Dr. Parent, who ropre senlcd tho Olympic Club. Tho other was Dr. Shiolda, who wns requested by Jack son's intiuiato friends to mako a thorough examination, bo us to demonstrate whothor or not I'eter was found enough to bear tug brunt ufa bruising battle. ' Dr. Parent rim tho ruin ovor Peter on two separate occasions. He examined him two weeks imo and on thu duy pnicnding the cou tost, noil his report was to tho ell'cot that JACKSON WAS IN PERFECT SHAPE, without Iho least Byrcptom of any kind of ' Considering tho stories they toll of the fant lil'o ho has led bin condition is simply marvellous,' said thu doctor. ' 1 expected to llndsonio affection of tho livor i. but instead, his livor is normal und Ills huurt action 18 us rogularas that of a man who bus taken the utmost cam or his constitution.' ? ?'. Dr. Shield*' report was on exactly tho samo linen. Ho prououncod Petor ' us sound as a boll,' and naturally tho colurod ohumpioii s friends wuro elated at the nows. '??-„ ' IJnt to rottun to thu pavilinn. It was 0 o'clock tothc minute when Joffrias was seen forcinir' his way ringward thr«ui:!rouo of Iho urowdsd aisles. 11« wiir ancnuipanied by his train..-. Billy Dolauoy, 'Spider' Kelly, ami, Doo Witt Van Court.' He ronoivoil a cheer, but it was nothing to tho welcome that greeted Putor 'Juoksou ns ho pushed his way sun ing throuirh- the ropos. Ho had .behind -hinr Youni: Mitchell, Pat Corrigau, and ViiiOBiit Wbito. Pator uud Jettrvoii bowed to fiaou othor liko a pair of. Chostorflolds, and tbon Potor bowed his way to Ilia cornor aorosa tho canvas floor. Boferoo Jim M'Donalrl was introdaood whilo tho llghtors woro fitting on their tuii oolorod glovos. As noon as tho hoavy- woigbtB throw asido thoir bi(j ovorboata it could bo soon that Jeffrios woro a dark blue trunk with a rod and white bolt, and black stockings rolled down to tho anklo. Potor had on wbito lighting drawors, whiob reachod half way to the leuoo, and white stockings. Tbo bodies and logB of both men woru bare. . Even while in ropouo on 'his chair .Toffrion' muscles appeared big and bunchy. Jackson's, on tho other hand, woro flataud flexible. Peter's dark skin fairly shono. Hn nppoarcd to bo thoroughly unconcerned, whilo Jeffries had a norvous look. Each of .tho men Vras.choorod on being introduoad by Master of Ceremonies Konnndy. At 9.10 thoy wont to thn contro for a oon feroiicc with tho roforoo. Janknon on Ids way to mid-ring lonted tho holding capacity of the oanvas caipet with his loot. It 'was inado known Ihat tho niou had ngrood not to hit in the clinches, but that they woro to1 protect thoinmilvos in thA bruakaway. At 9.11 thnuons clanged and lliny U,d Iho scratch; Tlio following is a detailed 'desorip- tiou of Jeflrlos Kuock.nl Coddard Ofi Ills '„ JCqulJibrluui. 