OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. OW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from well-known and highlyespccted colonists is always worth printing, and tlie words of Mr. George Marner, of "Lamington," Victoria-road, Auburn, Vic toria, are of this nature:—"I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice," said Mr. Marner to our reporter recently, "she as overgrowing her strength. Medic-al men could do nothing for her." Here Miss Manner- filtered, and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. I commenced some two years ago to feel very ill after returning home from school,' 7 said she, "I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and 1 was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, aud at night I could scarcely get any rest." "We tried every lliing to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Mar ner, "but it had uo effect. Then I consulted a well-known Collins-street practitioner, lie said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning. Any foodf taken could not be kept- down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, weighed 7 st. 3 lb., now I am 9 st. 7 lb. "A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial?" "No; all the medicine I got did me verv little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, last year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams 5 Pink Pills at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapelstreet, Prahran; they did me so much good that I continued with hem. It is a long time since I disontinued taking them, and I am ow as healthy as any one could •wish." "And you would feoc/rn- meted them?" "Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner; "had I known of Dr Williams' Pink Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." Parents should think over this— good health and a hundred pounds 6aved. It is undisputed that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve tlie braiu. They are a certain cure for indi gestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, auaeinia, sleep lessness, rheumatism,, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, los of vital forces, &c.; * Obtainable from al chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Wil liams' Medicine Co., King William-street Adelaide, who will forward six boxes fo las. 3d., or one box for 2s. 9d., post free, 