THE MAN FROM JOHAN- NESBURG, BY STEPHEN SOMERSET, Author of "His Victim," "Your Love and Fortune," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER V.—(Concluded.) " I expect this good woman will find a difficulty in lotting Vincent's rooms after the dreadful notoriety his death has given them/', Said he after she had gone downstairs sobbing on one of these occasions. "Yes, I should say the * Jermyn-street Mystery,' as the papers call it, will be remembered for years to come." " Well, do you know, I think it's a shame this hard-working woman should be half ruined for the sake of a foolish prejudice. Poor Vincent's rooms are Just as fit to live in now as they were "yesterday at thiB time in spite of all this psychical research rot about ghosts and such like; so I'll just move in as soon as the funeral's over, and stay a few nontho at* any'rate, to give Mrs. Weeoh time to turn round and to see about finding another house. Iiuckilylier lease is up in six months, and of oourseshe need not renew it." ' I could see Eustace did not half like occupying the rooms in spite of his brave talk, and I respected bis pluck and good-nature in taking them all the more for that; so I said nothing about.my own qualms, sent down a message asking Mia. Weech to come to my room, and told her that she need not fear losing me at present, and that, moreover, Eustace would move into his cousin's rooms at the end of the week. \- Mrs. Weeoh's gratitude was embarrassing. She. sobbed louder than ever, and at the smallest encouragement I am sure the good woman would have folded as both in her motherly embrace. I begged her to compose herself and drink a glass of port. The latter task ehe accomplished readily, but the former was more difficult. When our luncheon appeared Mrs. Weech withdrew,, and we trifled with a cold chicken, for we had not troubled her to do any cooking this morning. . We were both thankful whan the pretence of a meal was over, and after an interview with somebody from the undertaker's, we Bat dreamily by the fire for the rest of the afternoon. 1 Then Eustace rose with a sigh, saying:— i " Well, X must be off to Fleet- street now, if I mean to catch to-night'a mail for the Cape." • • • He used to write a London letter for a Cape Town paper, and this, unluckily, was the day on which it had to be dispatched. _ • I was rather sorry at his leaving, though pur talk had 'been anything but lively, for even sad company was better than none nnder the circumstances, and as soon as darkness set in, which it did very early that afternoon, I began to hear over again, in imagination, the strange sounds which had preceded the death of Vincent Trevethiok. . Then all at once it occurred, to me to think how very odd it was that I should have heard these sounds, and yet when; a little time afterwards, Vinoent- mu6t have been struggling for his life, I had heaid nothing. Tfiscircumstance, which in the quick sucsession of events sinoe midnight I had not thought of before, struck me as exceedingly strange.. I began to think of sundry uncanny storief I had read in a journal devoted to the occult, about people hearing or seeing tragedies re-enacted. "Rehearsal ghosts," I believe the. writer called them. But these people alleged that they heard a crime already committed acted over again. Whereas, if the sounds I heard had anything to do with the murder at all, I must have heard it committed before it had actually taken place. • I now thought that the sounds I had heard did resemble those which would be made by a parson .being strangled. But, then, how explain the fact that I had spoken with Vinoent afterwards, • and that he had accounted for the mysterious noises? I thought of it till I began to feel thoroughly muddled. However, I soon had to put this gruesome topic aside in order to prepare for my expedition to witness the meeting of Leila and her lover. tJE tai-dfiteraunod to,disguise myself, for, of oohrae, Leila might have recognised me as her husband had done. .The - disguise, as it happened, was easily eSaotecL, far ^during the winter I had gone to a fancy dress ball in the costume of a skipper in the merchant service. I was fairly skilled ihJtjieirlrdf '•mate- up," and X-had the clothes % ineV iteiy warenot at all "stagey," 5 for I bad- taken.pains to -procure the genuine thing, and'as I .was of middle stature, very agile, and had -spent much time on the water in .my rarly days, 1° really looked the part, and believe I could have .walked through Wapping orBotberhithe without creating any suspicion that I"was other than my attire denoted. Satisfied that my appearance was all Tight, X •slipped quietly out of the heuse, unobserved, as "far as I could judge, and made my way toiftffdsSt. vJnmes's-square. •• \- "I soon had an opportunity of testing the success of my.'disguise. Not far from my lodgings, I met lniapector Smith. He glanced at me 'casually, aud passed on; evidently, regardingae as a stranger. v Having previously ascertained • Doctor Hamilton's address, I went to the corner of St. James's-Bquare nearest to his house, for this, X -concluded, was the place which Leila had'meant. I bad to pass the tall, stately mansion whose master now lay dead within its walls. "Was Leila regretting her unfaithfulness, now," X wondered, - as I glanced up at the shrouded windowB, "or was she rejoicing in her freedom,- and counting the moments till she should meet her lover?" 