In the Bar Parlor. The Bnuiness Manager eaid he didn't think anybody was quite free from a certain amount of con ceit. ' Rubbish I' said Jim the Luney. 'Take the present company, for instance ; there isn't one of us who is the least bit conceited.' ' I'm sure I'm not, anyway, re- ( marked the Barmaid, with a hurried glance in the mirror. I ' Ladies are excepted,' said the Government House Man. ' For reasons.' !' Indeed !' exclaimed the Bar maid. 'Why except our Bex, pray P Do you know what I eaw in the mirror ?' 'The best photograph of your self ever taken,' hazarded the Boy. ' Something else. 1 noticed that the handsomest man in the room has got a spot of tar on the point of his nose.' Theu.'as every man's hand went np to his proboscis, she smiled sweetly and said, ' Of course men j are not at all conceited !' ? ? ? ' As the black spot has now been eradicated,' said the Business Man, ' perhapB I may be allowed to go on with my etory.' ' Surely you were not telling a story,' said the Poet. ?' Why not P I suppose I can tell one as well as anybody else.' 'Quite as well,' murmured the Landlord. ' 1 was going to remark,1 con tinued the Business Man, 'that the most important personage on a newspaper is ? ' ' The Editor,' said the Worm. 'The Snub Editor,' said the Poet ' The Poet,' said the Barmaid. 'The Punster,' said Jim the Luney. . ' You are all quite wrong. It is : THE ADVERTISING MAN. You may talk about your editora who ait in J easy chairs I And try to run the whole concern and put on lots of airs, ,.,.., til And seek to make the people tlnnk it's what they have to say That keepB tlie business on the move ana j makes the paper pay : Bat don't you ever think it, for the whole truth really is : The editor's not in it with that huge con- j ceit of his, . For there's only one essential in the whole I newspaper plan — . j Success depends alone upon the advertising man. Tbe men who edit manosoripts and write tbe tunny stuff | Within the little fields they fill may answer well enough; I The sporting and dramatic men and small fry 6Ui.li a8 those Who gobble all the pasBes and visit all the shows ; And likewise, too, the poets, who insist they I must rehearse The Bimple things they have to say in blind I and halting verse ; I They, one and all, have understood Binoe I papers first began I That they were mere assistants to the ad- I vertiBing man. 'Tib true tbe advertising man has nought to do but talk, I Yet he's the one who, after all, permits the ghost to walk, For whilo the editors their pens in trashy Ee toils on nomething worth the while — the advertising page. And if vou'll but investigate sufficiently you'll find He works more men and hours that the otllers all combined, To him belongs tho victor's crown— this bravo catcn-as- catch-can, Keen, moucy-guttiug, business-booming, advertising man.' ' Ah,' said the Cynic, ' that is a I good deal like the evidence in the I Dobson fire case — very good until I you hear the other side.' I ' The side tbat wasn't cookedF' I asked the Landlord. I ' No ; tho side that wasn't burnt,' teniarked tho Punster. « * t The Federation Bill is bound to bo accepted,' observed the Worm. 'A person who expresses an opinion without giving reasons for the faith that is in him is not ft j pleasant companion,' remarked the Busineis Manager. ,' I have reasons, retorted the Worm. ' Well give 'em, please ; or per haps you want to sell 'em,' said the Cynic. The Worm nodded, and the Landlord was instructed 10 au 'em up again.' ' Tasmania ia sure to accept the Bill because — because — because — well, because the Ohnroh, per favor of Bishop Montgomery, has seen fit to approve. And the influence of the Bishop in this community ? - The rest of the speaker's remarks were rendered inaudible by a vigor- j ous chorus of ' Grerrout ! ? ? ? 'Church matters are booming up our way,' said the Sporting Man. « I worship at Brighton now, you know.' ' What is the attraction i asked the Barmaid. 'Well, I have some property there.' ' Landed property ?' I ' Not landed yet, ' but I hope to land it in a month or two.. Her father is a churchwarden, and ? ' Which explains why you go to chnrch— at Brighton, that is,' said the Publisher. ' But how happens the boom in matters ecclesiastical r ' Wall, vou bee. the blfjke that does a chin every Sunday, the Rev. Kidd something or other ? f '? Good name that for a pai-son, rem»rked tbe Cynic. ' He is leaving the parish, con tinned the Sporting Man. ' Usual testimonial ?' euquired the Landlord. ' Yes ; we made him np a purse of 28 sovs., said ' God bless yon,' and packed him off with a good start.' ' But how does that constitute a hoom ?' asked tbe Publisher. ' Well, you see, the parish owed him about £70 overdue stipend, 80 ' You saved £42 on the deal,' said the Landlord. ' Exactly.' 'You can't beat some church- j wardens for making a good deal,' remarked tbe Punster. ' Nor some parsons for manu facturing pagans, evidently,' point tedly observed the Sunday Man. 'A Berriedale friend of mine,' remarked the Government House Man, ' tells a good lie.' ' Many of your friends that aren't bmied are built that way, I'm 1 afraid,' said the Barmaid. out at Berriedale the other day and ' Buried ale to further orders, I'll go bail,' chipped in the Punster. 'And my friend, who is a bachelor and has lately come to live in the district,' continued the Government House Man, ' was telling me that a washer lady called one hot day to enquire about laun dry work ' May 1 see Mrs. Smith,' asked the washerlady when i.iy friend appeared at the door. ' Mrs. Smith,' stammered the young man, ' is, I regret to say, still in embryo.' 'Poor thing !' exclaimed the wasber lady. 'And on such a day as this !' ' ' Thumbs up !' ejaculated the Poet. * 'How's the typhoid getting on ?' asked the Philosopher. ' It is slowing down a bit now, I am told,' replied the Snub Editor. ' In about a month the Local Board of Health hopes to get within cooey of it.' ' The steps taken to prevent tbe spread of the disease are wonder fully vigorous,' said the Poet. 'Dr. Sprott's pamphlet was issued just three ( weeks after it was deeded UP' Such promptitude on the part of the City Grandfathers is very commendable,' observed the Editor. 'They should all have leather medals.' , „ 'Or rings in their noses, sug gested the Cynic, 'to prevent them rooting too deeply in mu- m»=™-- back gardens.' . 'No need for that,' urged the Philosopher, ' they have too greata respect for the sacred rights ot 'proputty' to make themselves a nuisance to the seven-voters.' ' Exactly,' said the Poet— The sacred bnll of property May ever not the goat While slum- environed oitizens Have not the right to vote. The lords'ofbrioka and mortar May make an awful stink Do what they didn't oughter— I It's passed by with a wink. The tenants' kide may drop like flies, Poiaoned by sewer gases. While Hobart's ran upon tbe cheap I By seven-vote solemn asses. I The oity'e poor have got no rights, As oft it has been wrote j Their rights were stolen long ago— They haven't got a vote. ' A true bill !' exclaimed the Philosopher. ' But the verses, as verses, are something awful.' ' Anyway,' said the Poet, ' they touch the spot, as the boy said when he planted tin tacks in his big brother's chair.' ? ? ? ' Instances of honesty in this commuuity are bo scarce,' said the Landlord, ' that every one deserves mention.' ? . . I ' You must have a poor opinion of your fellow citizens,' remarked the Sunday Man. 'Yes; I know them so well. But here's a case : A chap work ing in a tailor's shop was given some gente' clothing to alter. And in turning out the pockets he found a roll of notes.' ' And turned the money into his own pockets, I suppose,' said the Worm. 'No, he didn't. He handed it over to the boss and saw that the money was retnrned to the rightful owner.' 'If I had been that tailor, said the Sporting Man, ' 1 would have hesitated. Still, I think the owner would have got his money. Now, if some of our mortgagee lawyers had the show, the owner ' Would have had a nice chance,' said the Cynic. 'Did the tailor get any reward ? asked the Barmaid. 'That question had better re I M*iin nnonannnvl.' Rd.irl the Sundav Man. ' I knew a man to chase a heavy swell half a mile with a loBt roll of notes. The heavy swell pouched the money, took a shilling from his pocket and handed it to the finder with : ' Here, take this, and buy a rope.' ' 'What'll I do with the rope, please sir ?' asked the man. ' Hung yourself,' replied the other.' ' Virtue,' said the Snub Editor, 'was in that case its own reproach.' * ? ? ' 111 tell tne yarn jusi* bb iu uny pened,' said the Landlord. ' An old digging chum of mine keeps a pnb a few streets off.' ' The pub doesn't keep him, I suppose ?' asked the Insignificant Man. I ' No. Business is not|very brisk, so I go ronnd occasionally to help him drink the profit. Just as I got there the other day a sanctinea teetotaller was trying to collect a newspaper account. The collector asked how my friend was faring iD this weary world. In reply mine host said that business was pretty humpty-doo — hardly worth living j for, in fact. ' Ah,' said the sancti fied one, ' there is another and better world to come,' etc., etc. * Yes,' retorted the publican, ' and if we can get out of the way of such blanky blanks as you, no matter a blank how soon we reach that better world.' The collector was so horri fied at the irate licensee's language that he fell out the door back wards, nearly into my arms.' ' Did he collect his account be fore he went?' asked the Business Managert \ ' My colonial, replied the Jjand lord. 'So is mine, remarked the Punster. ? ? ? ' Considering what they have to put with up,' remarked the Land- j lord, 'policemen are not a bad set of | fellows.' ! 'No,' agreed the Government Houbo Man, ' but they are some what humorless persons, generally speaking.' 'The interminable sameness of I their occupation makes a police man's lot anything but a happy one,' added the Philosopher. ' That,' said the Cynic, ' all de pends on the size of the lot and its situation. Now, I know a peeler I who owns a very valuable building lot. How he got it ? ' ''Doesn't matter in the slightest,' I interjected the Landlord. ' But let me tell you about one of the force. Whenever he tramps around his ngure eigni me cnuuren nearly die of fright and ? 'You are speaking figureightively I presume,' interrupted tbe Punster. ' Yob, in a measure. But some body played a trick on him the other day. A little boy, son of a I neighbor opposite, often comes over here to play with my youngsters and sometimes oarries the dinner beer home with him. Policeman OX saw him and threatened to proceed against me under tlie Licensing Act, for supplying a ch ild under age with liquor ! So one day when we saw OX coming along we started the boy off acrosB the street carrying a tumbler full of cold tea. OX saw bis chance and arrested the half-ti ightened child with : ' Here, me young shaver, just hand over thtt beer.' You [should have seen OX'b grimaces when he tasted the liquor !' ' We were all watching the fun,' added the Barmaid, 'and really thought be was poisoned, so iu charity I beckoned him round to the side door and irrigated him. But the poor fellow never smiled again.' 