FOOTBAM, FANCIES. (BY "CLARENCE ) I Things football were very slow in the Upper I Section on Saturday. No senior match was played, nor will there be one till the semi- final is played off, in about three weeks time. Grafton, in their usual go-as-you-please style, were idle again, and so they will be next Saturday. This will make a total of four disengaged days since the commencement of the competition. It is a record in its way, and it must be admitted that it is far from being a pleasant one to contemplate. It is no inducement for a member of a club to go out of his way to prepare for matches when they are played perhaps only once a month. Grafton has now a place in the semi-final, but will not have a ghost of a show for the Cup if some means are not devised for arranging so that the members of the club can have a few games together, and practise for the combination that is so much needed. The only competition match of the Upper Section was played between the juniors of South Grafton and Ramornie. Though the match was set down for consideration on the ground of the latter, only seven of their men put in an appearance. South Grafton accordingly kicked off, scored a try, and claimed the match. During the few minutes that play was in progress Daley, of Ramornie, got badly kuocKed about. The Grafton junior team, the most success- ful of the Upper Section junior club?, played an off match at Southgate against the local juniors, who are credited with more victories than any of the other Lower Section clubs. Much difference of opinion has existed as to the relative strength of the teams, and as they are pretty certain to be opposing one another in the final match of the junior competition, much interest was centred in the game. The contest was a really good one, out the city boys, with a weak fifteen, could not withstand the repeated onslaughts of their opponents, and eventually the locals were returned victorious by 8 ooints. to 3. At first, however, it seemed as if the result would have been otherwise, for only a few minutes after starting play : AVheeler, securing near half way, put in a fine riiri'and scored For Grafton. But this was the only score they were destined to record, the next tries being gained by .Robinson and Evans, of Southgate, from one of which a goal was kicked. " Mr. B. Morris carried out the duties of referee, but some of his decisions did not meet with the approval of the losing side. FEDERALS AMD MACLEAN. The Federals met the Maclean team at Ulmarra on Saturday in the Cup com- petition, and resulted in a win for the former by 8 points to 3. The game was a really good one, and the visitors showed very good play. In the. first half the Federals showed their full strength, and Oarrity secured a try ; Davis tried, but missed the goal. Exciting play followed, and a try was secured by Scott after much struggling. Gillies was successful in kicking the goal, In the second half both teams went to win, and about dusk Lowe secured a try for Maclean, but the kick at goal was a failure, Good play was exhibited, and special mention may be made of Frape, Lowe, and M'Donald for Maclean ; Garrity, Scott, and Shepherd for Ulmarra. THE MATCH NEXT SATURDAY. The Richmond v. The Clarence match on Saturday next will mark an epoch in the history of football on this river. May it have a good effect! The match should furnish a good exhibition of football, as both teams can be expected, to play a fast open game. Those who ought to know consider the visiting team, as selected, a strong com- bination. Two notable omissions, however, are the names of Beeching and Smith ; both are brilliant three-quarters, and the latter had the distinguished honour of registering the whole of the points scored against the Clarence team last month. The football public of the sister river are, to all appear- ances, helping along the preparations of their representatives, and will, doubtless, watch for the result of the match with interest. The cause of the Clarence will be espoused by a much superior combination to that which recently visited the Richmond. Though favouring the inclusion of at least three other men, no better team has ever been got together on this river. It will be a - bitter pill for the selection committee to swallow if, after including but three Lower Section men in the team, one of the clubs from "down-under" carry off the senior premiership. And this is not at all unlikely, either. Personally, I would have liked to have seen Boorman, , of Harwood, and Wilson, of Maclean, selected, even if their inclusion meant the displacement of Gillies and Black. ? - -. . i ' The commencement of the cane" season, means the weakening of most, if not alli of the clubs on the river. It is difficult, just now, to say which will be the greatest losers but opinions incline towards Southgate, who lose the services of Mick Ryan, tbe Dono- hoes, and others. Grafton loses Quinn, and the juniors Henkel and Frazer. Other clubs will be more or less affected.: The Richmond Branch ' Union forwarded £5 as a subscription towards the expenses of the late Clarence team. The amount was small enough, considering that the trip cost the players at least 25s each, and bearing in mind also the crowd that patronised che match. We should be able to assist them with a much "larger amount. "Somebody has blundered!" one of the reps, team was heard to remark at the Grafton oval on Saturday. It was announced and understood that the Upper Section members of the Clarence team were to play a match on the ground against the next nest combination from the different clubs. Four or five of the reps, put in an appearance only, and after much difficulty a . twelve- aside match .was arranged. There, was plenty of fun, but little science in the game. The "piebald" appearance presented-by the Clarence players on the occasion' of their recent match at Lismore is not to be repeated, our Branch Union having purchased colors for the match-black and gold. The execu- tive ought, also, to insist upon a Uniform color in knickers. It will be necessary to mark the touch-lines distinctly on the oval. The present system of indicating the posi- tions of the lines is inconvenient. A prominent Maclean player tells me that the L. C. clubs do not intend to allow Harrison to throw in his lot with Grafton. They evidently do not wish, to meet the "full-back of the Clarence" in a semi-final or final match. And- perhaps, after all, they have right on. their side;. : Prout, late of Ramornie, played for Pirates in the semi-final match . with; the University in Sydney the other day. , . MoBt of the Ramornie players have departed to " fresh fields and pastures new.'' Har wood's recent reverses have come as an eye-opener to the football followers up this end of the river. They must either have greatly deteriorated, or Maclean has -won- derfully improved, in which case "-Grafton and Southgate will have .to look ,to their laurels. The proposal to make overtures to the Macleay team to play a match in Grafton on their way to the Richmond is worthy of consideration. The appointment of Mr. H. C. Carolan« a member of the Harwood team, to the posi- tion of referee for the match Harwood v. Maclean on 2nd instant, provoked much dissatisfaction among the members of the latter club. The committee of the Branch recently called for fresh applicants for the post of referee of down-river matches, and Macleanites contend that the appointment of the gentleman in question was not in the spirit of the recent resolution of the com- mittee "not to appoint as referees those who were members or known partisans of either of the competing clubs." In Sydney on Saturday, Central Western defeated New England by 13 to 4 ; and the I Western defeated the Northern districts by 13 to 3. Randwick and University played a great game on the Sydney Cricket Ground, the result being a drawwfth'3 points each. Sydney defeated Wallaroo by 15 to 5. ' ;. 