ME, WILSON BARRETT ON HAMLET. THE PLAT REVIEWED, THE ACTOR'S BELIEF AS TO SHAKESPEARE'S INTENTIONS. Hamlet's Sanity and Age— Mr. Barrett's American Experiences. Interesting References to Booth— An Exciting First Eight in Boston— Some Opinions of Great Actors and Actresses. ('SUNDAY TIMES' SPEClAIi.) On the stage nothinpr is more difficult to kill than tradition. Tho playgoer often forms hie conception of a character upon -that of the first actor he Bees attempt to play it; and whenever after ho sees it tha first 'actor's personality is in his mind's eye, and it is | almost an impossibility for him to dissociate the first actor from the character. In modern plays as a rule the aotor has the advantage of personal communication with the siutlior, and from him he may learn what tho text of the play may leave uncertain. In ancient plays, sncfi, for instance, as those of Shakespeare, tho artist has the rewpouaibility of having to ' read' the part himself. Shakespeare was too practical a .dramatist not to take tho utmost oare in, so to speak- , labelling his ehr.raeters that the actors in his plays nntriiS not ii.ire tho least' os enso for making n mistake as to his intentions. There is no oharactor throughout ti h o range of his plays which he took so much pains to de scribe as ' Ham let,' yet, stra.nj;a to Bay, no c'mnifiior has been so mis Emlerstood or « i I .-- - torted, for evary nctor who plays is does bo with a dif ferent c--:tCfip: i:'-ri. Air, Wilson Bar rett's rending, how ever, was more dar inir than that of any of his oredecesgors. nnd it was only nr.tur.il that his innovation should have caused more than tha usual diversity of opinion. It was with tho object of gaininu his reasons for those innovations, andnlsofor tho purpose of ascertaining if he would rnpiy to his ninny critics, that a SUNDAY Times representative during the week had a lengthy interview with the actor. ' In the first place,' said Mr. Barrett, ' let me endeavor to point out what Shalcospeare has to any on the snbject of HaniJet's sanity. There oan be no doubt :is to Ophelia's mad ness, and is it likoly. therefore, that Shakes peare would be guilty of tiie serious dramatic error of making both tho hero and heroine of bis play insane. Is Hamlet over mud in soliloquy ? Is ho evfir mad when with his one trusted friend, Horatio? Is thero the slightest allusion in tho first act to Hamlet's madness until he has announced to his friAnds that he 'hereafter may think meet to DUfc an antic disposition on ? ' Hamlet, nffor he has seen the. pliosc, has rapidly made up bis mind to avenge the death of his father. He knows bin uncle . is a murderer, and he knows ai.so that his own life would not be worth anything if by any accident tho kinj»- should learn that ho is cog nisant of that fact. He will foifcn madness to cloak his dusifrns and lull tly- snspiciona of the kiujr. Ho knows, however, that Horatio and Marcellus are aware tha-t he is perfectly Bane, and he makes them swear not only will they never make known that which they have eoeii, but further Never, so help yon mercy. How strange or odd soe'er I bear myself. As, I perchance hereafter shall think meet To put :iu untie disposition on,' That yon, ac such times seeing me, never stall, 'With arms encumbered thus, or this headshake, Or by- pronouncing of some doubtful phrase, As, Well, well, we know, or We could an if we would, Or, If wo list to ppeak ; or, There be, an if they intent, Or such ambiguous giving oat, to note That yoa know might of me ; this not to do, So kkicp and mercy at jour most need lielp you. Swear. ' So all-important to the understanding of tho character does Shakespeare consider this that he brings tho ghost back twice to make Horatio and Miiroellus swear that they will jiover reveal, by act or deed, the fact tlnxt Hamlet is not mad. Should that not be suffi cient *» prove beyond doubt the question as to Hamlet's sanity? If not, there are numerous other instances in support of it. ' Another most important point is the age ofHamleC. The statement that he is thirty years of age no more accords with the rest of the play than does the line ' fat and scant of breath' accord with Opbuli&'s description of Hamlet: 'The glass of fashion and the mould of form.' Other lines quoted in support of tho theory of Hamlet being over thirty are those spoken by the player King ; Full thirty times hath Pbcebns' cart pone round Keptuuc's sa.lt wash aud Tellas' orbed trroaud, And thirty dozen moons with borrowed sheen About the world have tn_e3 twelve thirties bean, Since love our hearts and Hymen did our hands Unit* cotnmutual in most sacred bands. These are understood to imply that Hamlet's iauici' and mother have been married thirty years, and are also accopted as a statement of Hamlet's ago. If his father and mother were married only thirty years, and he is over thirty years of age, why does not Shakes peare allude to his illegitimacy in some por tion of the play ? Yet another argnment is that Hamlet says to his mother when reproaching her for her sin : ' Rebellious Hell, If thou canst mutine in a matron's bones.1 Wo are asked to believe that tho word matron signifies a woman 50 or 60 years of age, and therefore Hamlet must be 30. Is not every mother a matron whether she be 60 or 16? Tho whole play turns upon tha inces tuous intercourse of tho Queen and her hus band s brother. Let us imagine a woman fiffcw r»r fli-r-f.v inflnirintr finf.li A nAftRinn in tllrt mind of a man like Claudius. Does it hot immediately strike one as being truly revolt ing? and can we imagine Skakespeuro build ing so glorious a. tragedy as Hamlet ou such a theme ?'' ' Do you consider that by ponrtraying Hamlet as a young man the play gaius iu at tractiveness ?' ' Most decidedly. By representing the King and Queen as beings iu the prime of life they interest tho audience instead of boring it, nnd thus the balance of the play is preserved. Tho eye of the spectator is pleased, the sensi bilities are no longer shocked, and the Htudent finds fresh matter for thought in the now as pect in which the play is presented to him, and above all he sees Hamlet as Shakespeare saw him first in tho crude regiou of Saxo Qrammaticns, but strengthened, enlarged, glorified, aud immortalised by the grandeur of his genius. ' YeB. c Hamlet's ' success in Sydney is a matter of great pleasure to me, but I sbould have boeu exceedinely surprised had it failed to attract crowded houses. I have played the p*rt now of tener t'lmu any living actor, and to larger' receipts. I have beaten the record for that play in Melbourne, in Sydney, on scores of occasions in Great Britain, aud the United States ; indeed, beatou the theatres best records again and again. ^ XU America, vtucu j. uibb a^pomcu *_ w_o part, I had to contend against the represen tation of the great actor — the late Jiidwiu Booth. Ho was the ideal Hamlet of the Americans. He was not only a. genius us an aotor, he was a noble souled and lovable man, and it is not too innoh to say that his country men; adored him. He was a portion of their history. Tho terri.ble part his brother played in tho Civil Wars by the mnrder of Abraham Lincoln saddeuud his wbolo life, but tho gentle dignity he displayed at the time and ever afterwards won everybody to him, and what might have been the ruin of a man with a less beautiful nature positively increased his popularity. After the death of Lincoln Edwin Booth never played in Wash ington. I doubt if he ever visited the city even. He wonld not in Baltimore and special trains would bo ohartored to convey tho WAshingtouiana to soo him. Popular as ha was all over America, he was best beloved by Boston; and he loved it as its citizens loved him. A short lime before I made my first appearance iu America, Booth had been playing 'Hamlet' in Boston with the *raat Italian tragodian, Sulrini. as the ghost— a tremendous combination. It eame to pass that I made ray first appearance as ' Hamlet ' in Araorioi immediately after this. I had appeared in Nsw York as Claudian only. Naturally anxious to make- a favorable impres sion, I had consulted every important person whose judgment was of valuo that I know as to the advisability of appoaring first in 'Hamlet.' The opinions were various. William Winter, the well-known clitic and poet, was dead against it. ' You will antagonise the public and Press alike. Bonlh is r-,if i.Ui «„ is our Haraiet; he is Hamlet — they will never accept your new rendition, I am sure.' Winter had never seen my performance, but had read of the changiis I had made. Oil the N other hand, Dion Boucicanlt, son., wrote : ' I saw 'Hamlet' again last night, and watched it very closely. In my opinion, provided you do it in America as you are doing it here (Princess's Theatre, London) I pronounce in favor of 'llamlot.' Dan JiYohman is here; Ahrowi! and prncifca), you could not have n, hf-tter or moru honest opinion. Consult him.' 1 did. ITrohmiUi thought the Booth interest too strong, and feared f,ho antagonizing of the Press ftnd public as did William Winter. ' NestI t.nrnud to Major Pond, thegroatest lecturor manatrar of Amdricu. Ho whs theu in. London, maha-cing Henry Ward Bsecher's lecture tours. He wroto : 'Your Hamlet is % revelation to mo. The Americans must take to it. They may have to become .-:ca:iaiiited willi it ? -t-. n *n ,-l;#a,.,...f +^ Booth's, whom our people look upon as their ideal. It may startle . them, and they may linger aud come in slowly ; but it will not be long in getting known, and then there ia a fortune in it for you.' '(Jhizzoia, Snlviiii's manager, wrote: — 'By your pBrfo.-nift.noe of Hamlet yon have made yourself maestro. I have called Salvini master, I must now oali you so ; but do not go to America, your place is London.' This letter waft written on board the City of Bomo Jicer at QneenstOwn, en route fsr America. Miss Mary Anderabn thought, with William Winter, Ih&l; Booth's popularity would prevent so totally n, distinct performance from suc ceeding. Others were equally sure of ita immediate ti- inmph. ''And bo the tido of opinion ebbed and flowed. Iii tho end I yielded to the desire of tho managers of the New York Theatre, and opened in ' Clsndian.' Boston was the next city on my route. Here I decided for myself. _ ?-??_ 0^.011 nisiu^buui£ ui mo country, ana. care- fully studied the people. I wonld riak my Boston engagement on ' Hamlet-. ' Tho manager — the welt-known John Stetson — thought I was crazy. 'Booth and Salvini had ssttled any 6ther iictor 'a chance with ' Hamlet' fdr years to come. If J persisted in my inten tion failure was certain.' ' I did persist. Never shall I forget that first night in Boston. Next to my initial ap peamnce in ' HatnleV at tho Princess's Theatre^ London, when such men as Euskin, Matthew Arnold, Ekfl Lytton and scores of others.r6pre8ented literature, with the keenest dramatic oritios in full force, the most dis tinguished painters mid sculptors of the day in_ stalls and circles, no suoh trial bad been miiie.^ All that represented culture and criticism iu that most cultured and critical C ey of Boston was in tho Globe Theatre to witness the debut in America of tho new Hamlet. 'After a most generous reception the vast audience nettled down to judge me for thom 8elvos. There was a silence that was appalling until the end of the first scene. At my exit, ...... ... -«. w..w ^??«i.ij£u ui. ouauo, uuw WI4UI6 IloUnO roso and cheered again and again. The diu was deafening. Iti intense exoitemont the manager rushed up to me to go and bow my acknowledgments. I refused ; to take a oali in tho middle of an act was an atrocity not committed iu London, and 1 could not do it in Boston. The manager begged, raved, and stormed. I was obdurate. You have them in the hollow of yoar hand ; refuse their call and they will resent it as ah impertinence. You mast taka it.' ''I would not, and for some minntes the storm raged. The Ophrtlia (Miss Eastlake) was waiting to make her entrance. I re quested her to go on with the play. She hesi tated, and burst into tear* with nervous terror at having to face this roar of voices and rattte of hands. Then some of the less thoughtful in tho audience, angered at my seeming disre gard for their favpr, hepnn to hiss. I then axerueu ray aucuoncy, ana insisted upon Miss Eastlake going on tho stago. 'It was an anxious moment, but I was right, and my estimate.of the Boston audience was a correct one. They were not going to be discourteous to a lady. They gave her a warm welcome and quiet was restored; my conduct wan condoned or understood, and I was recalled twenty times during that evening. 'At the end of the, play the audience declined to leave the theatre until I had spoken to them. The first words I uttered were, 'And this is cold, critical Boston.' Thore was a roar of laughter, in whinh I oould very well afford to join, f6r they had made me a ver-y happy man. The Press was most generous in praise, and the houses were enormous, Stetson admitting they were better than any other actor had over reached in 'Hamlet' in his theatre, and Edwin Booth, wit.h that chivalry which was so characteristic of him, wrote : ' Wilson Barrett has captured Boston with his ; Hamlet.' This will be found in his published letters. ' After this I played tho character in every important city iu America, from San JFmncinco and Los Angeles on the Pncitio Slope to New Orleans in tho South, and always with the same result. Now you will understand why I was so confident about it hero. Why should tho result in Australin bo different to that in England and. America? '' To what do I attribute this Hucoess ? That is hardly for me to Ray. Yes, I have been at timea.soratohed by some critics, and have dis cussed ray conception in public and private with all aorta of people — learned and unlearned — but I have never yet failed to conquer in argument anyone who baa had the patience to go over the text with m.6 line for lino. There are those who are prejudiced in favor of this or that representative of the character whom they tell me they saw (when they were very younp, I sapposo, for the actors are all doad yoars agb), and they may or may not know how they acted. Anyhow, they are entitled to their own opinions; it does not affeot mine, ;ior noed mine affect theirs. We can be good friends, even if we differ in opinion. Giants like Ruskin, Robert Browning, Matthew Arnold, Lytton, and hun dreds of the best, intellects are and have been ou my side, and my secretary calculated some time ago that I had received ten miles of newspaper praise. 'Furthermore tbo theatres are universally packed whenever I play the part. I must be a glutton indeed if I am not content, and very thiu- skiuned if I cannot bear the few, the v«ry few scratches that I receive from well-meaning people, who perhaps have not thought out the play so earnestly, or so studied tho character as I have done.' Mr. Barrett, iu support of this statement, showed our representative a few of the letters he had received enthusiastically endorsing his Hamlet. Among them were communications from John RuBkin,- Eobert Browning, W. J. Howoll, Matthew Arnold, Justin M'Carthy, M.P., Mrs. Hodgson Burnett, Miss Braddon, Miss Marie Corelli, and others. 'Iu conclusion, Mr. Barrett,' asked our representative, ' what is your opinion of Aus tralian criticism ?' ' I am more than pleased with the Austra lian oritica as a body, and with their work. My opinion of them is shared by my friend, Hall Oaine, to whom I send the notices. He writes to me from Rome on the subject thus : ' The Press notices you send give me a vory good impression of critical opinion in Austra lia. They are quito excellent in their know ledge and insight.' ' 