THE WOODS' GCTHOST. Possibly .;eneral Fawncliffe was en tentric becausehbe could- not help it, but it is more probable that- he did things i a ma;ner entirely different from anybody else because he,wanted to be odd ,and wanted to make asensa tion. He w:a' a wealthy man, and there fore he could dol very nearly as he liked. He was haughty, overbearing uand irritab:le.- I always thought that if he i:ad beeu the czar of Russia or the s-h:l of Persia he would have played his role very well: e had built a flne \- f--..ae verge th'e' Block woods, oi which he was the owner. He was rot more than I.I years old and appear ed to be entirely alone in:the world; at any r.te. no onue in llockville ever hbai that he bad anyrelations. At the time of which 1 write I was a yout:g fellow of 16, of no sort of conse iquenee whatever, and my name was, but is not now, Pardon Sashwood, though mother and everybody else call ed me Pardy. Mly m:other was a dress maker in the town and did a big busi ness. She never said anything about my father, and I did not know anything about him, and concluded that he had been hang:e,. or ceihrwsiso nipped in the bud, and I dil nit ee:'- uly inqui-iris in regard to bin. I was a reguiar resi dent in lc,.k Hall. tas Gene-ral Fawn cliffe.called his clegant mansion, and my first dury is to explain how I hap pened to be a dweller beneath its princely roofL I was very fond of fish ing, and my mother was very food of eating fish, for I caught very nice ones in the river. One day I sat upon a rock that projected out into the stream just below the general's mansion. Above me was a sandy beach, and while I sat there the general drove down upon it in his buggy, with a high spirited horse. I wondered'what he was doing there with such a'turnout. The horse was full of spirit, and the choleric driver seemed to be well sup plied with spirits, though of the arti ficial sort. The animal pranced and capered on the sand, and did not ap pear to have learned that his master eas as impatient as he was eccentric.: the horse had a way of his own, and so had the general, and as the twvo ways did not run in the same direction it created an unpleasantness ltween thenm. At last the driver used his whip without the exercise of much discretion, and the brute manifested him?elf in a von decided manner. Then I decided that he was trying to drive the horse into the water, where-he was unwilling 'o go. But the general gaot the best of it in the end oand drove the obstinate ,retsere straight into the river, as though he intended to cross to the other. side. In a few moments tls animal had to swim, but he struck out brave ly, the general applying the lash all the -time; in fact, he seemed to be whip ping him for his own satisfaction. now that the brute had yielded the point. In another moment thebuggy, which appeared to be floating, suddenly top pled over and spilled the occupant into the drink. He lost his hold upon it, and then I saw that he could not swim. The horse took a circle around the spot and swam leisurely to the shore, dragging the buggy after him. Just below the rock on which I was seated was a bateau, and I lost no time in rushing to it. I had some skill in the use of the paddle, and I soon reached the general, who was floundering about in the water like a grounded whale. He was a large man, and I saw that it would be impossible to get him into the boat. I asked him to take hold of the stern to support himself while.I pad dled to the beach. He used eqpletives , and insisted upon getting into the boat. ritold him I would leave him tolisfate if he did not do as I directed. The threat carried him, and he held on to the boat till his feet touched the bot tom. "I will kill that horse!" he exclaim ed when he reached the beach-and had recovered his breath. "He is the ug liest brute I ever drove." "He is not so much of a brute as you are, general," I replied. "You acted like a heathen when you whipped him, and I had half a mind to let you drown." He looked at me in astonishment. Perhaps he thought I had earned the right to speak my mind, but whether I had or not I expressed myself as plainly as though I had been the gen eral and he bad been Pardy Sashwood. Doubtless it was a new thing for any one to '"speak up" to him. "Boy, I want you to come and live with me." he said, and I was amazed then. "I won't do it," I replied. "I would not live under the same roof with such a porcupine as you are for all your money." He actually teased me. and he ex pressed his obligations tome very hand somely, but I stuck to my text. I help ed hnim right his bungy,:now tnat the horse had cooled off, acndho insisted on driving me hene, which I permitted him to do. Tiy mother saw me when I got out of the .buggy The general told me to think of his offer and come to his house if 1 decitled to accept it. My mother, after she had heard all about the aFtlir in the river, insisted that I should accelat thIe offdr. I argued sgainst it for Ia Io'g iiti, bu~t I flually yielded to hr h .-ish-:a." The next dayI belonged to theesgentrsal's lhousehold, and I?rsCeayihllgave mled hearty wel come. Gener:al Fswicliffe treated me: w"ih a degree of eenesidwrnahm accorded to no other pe;'c-n. i helped him about his accounts ant, 1'rels,' thb lgh I Was permitted to att~eud the academy. I really came to like him after awhile, and I know that I improved his man ners and morals to some extent. His narrow escape from drowning had stronglyimpreesed him, I discovered. eo was a victim to that malady of sed entary and lazy. people, insomnia. He had been:in the habit of drinking more whisky than was good for him as a remedy. He told me he could not sleep ontil he had drn'i at least six glasses. I reasoned with' him, talking flatly and plainly, as I always did. I asked him to stop iit :nd walk one or two hours in the Block woods after 9 in the even. Ing. He tried it with good results, and after that called me loctor. After he liad practiced this walking for a couple of weeks, he told me he had seen a ,ghoet.in the woods three successive mghts~ I laughed at him and asked him if he had been drinking -whisky.asgaini but be assured mehehad , not. The ~ net U? i w'atchedmyilfa hi?tf? O u-r "Se enough, I saw a figure in white, though 1 did not. be 'lieve it was a spirit from the other world. I saw that the figure tried to approach the general, hout from fear, or some other motive, he kept his distance. from it. 'I had a revolver, and witb this in my hand, though it was not loaded, I iveit with. the general to -the. woods, onie bright moonlight night.' The" ghost came as sunal,'and the 'general was indi clined to retreat. So was the figure when I showed myself. But I:pursnied it. I held up my revolver and- threat ened to liro if the ghost'did not halt. "No, Pardyl Don't first I am your mother," screamed the ghost; not know-i ing that the weapon was not loaded. She halted, and 1 went up to her, the general following me when' assured thati the figure was not a supernaturail onu. She wes dressed in white, as shiewasa usually in summer, and I wondered if she was troubled with insomnia.. ' "Pardy, General Fawncliffe is your; father and my husband!" exclaimed; my mother when the general had tome up with us.: "Emily!" he .exclaimed. "I wonder ed where P:irdy got all his n impudence, for I thought he could have' inherited! it only from me." We had a long taik in the moonlight. I knew that my mother ,had come froin California, but.,her former.: home was one of the things of which she seldom spoke. The general hcknowledged.her as his wife before me. They disagreed and had separated., For the sake of hebr son she had followed him, hoping that years had softened his temper. She did not care to call upon him at his house,; but when I became on such'. excellent' terms with him she had decided to meet' him in the woods, where I had told her that he walked every night.:) He had fled from':her, but she persevered till I brought matters to a head. My. mother is now the mistress of'Block Hall, and I still have to do a great deal of, plain' speaking:-Oliver Optic in Philadelphia Press. ' 