THE SQUIRE'S WIFE. CHAPTER IV. Toe eodifioe to which the ominous e:`name of P'alisser's Prido had been at, 'tacohed by commone counent for up wards of a century was a foo-eimilo in Sminiature of the feudal home of thb Lords of Paliseor. Several generatione beck, the then Lord Paliseor i;cd become the father of twin eson, mid theyoun ge.t of theIe was a fool. Among other tbinigc, he could never comprehend his brot hr'e right to taoke precedenco of himn, vid, oin being pos. seo?ed of a emoul lottune rLad cortain low-lying landu in thie vicinity of the Earcl, he cet to eortk to eroct Bceaulieun Towers, wthioh ho fondly hoped would rival the hereditary munteion, Itelturting home, however, oun dark night, with more wine in hie pate lhtin it wan conotructed to carry, the father of lordc unborn inodeo e mienalculation in telpping on to the miniature draw bridge, and walked into tue moat in etead, where, before the attendant could get him out, lie lied taken adoeo of green water that proved too strong for hits. And so lis l uein-towered toy, with the lItnd it etood on, reverted to the older branch of the family, tand had remained ever ieineo the eyooro inud byword of the Plioojore. From time to timeo advoenturous people, attraictd by the low rent of the garden, had tried the experiment of living there; bit 0otn0 evil aririeog from damp hald cit each tenOattoy short, tald lunch intereet wtas conoe quloitly felt, in the widow lady who hald now venttured to iihabit that for lorn abode. Sheo had only boon in a week, but had atlready imparted to it a cormfor table look of habitation. The nume rous windowo-mero olits high up in the walls, after the fanbion of fe:udal odilioos--wore all furniohed with eurtains as well o Lalinds, he that it was quite impisiblo for prying ,yon to oatch even a gliumpse of tho interior. It httppened, however, one evening, about ton lday after Theo Pride was occupiod, but the last train for London left upon teo pl?tform of 1ltixily (tiheo nearedt station to II lyoo) one iolitaiy gentlclicm , who hirted a fly from til station in anud twas drivon to P'aliasor Pal'ri. There Ih dinmountod, and paid anlld dietmiosed thebo driver, but inotead of going litu to th odge logo an aslting for admission he Ito od furtively looking up and down the lone, and at last mzde d hie way to a small cottago hard by, and inlquired of Ihe woman who answorod his tap itf dOo kniow of a Ihouse called Palionoor' Pride. SIhe gave the desired information with all alacrity, opening her little eyeo wide all theo whilo; and being itubted with a laudiblo thirst for in formation, further took upon hIorelf to follow Ilte gontlomeu downu the lno, and observe how hiMr. Laoy received tItl dubious visitor. As oho afleorwards oaid, there was a teoalthinens about hii prooeedings whioh was alone otlotlatod to nroatse ,uspioion. Among other thingo, lie ro frained from pulling thoe onorouo boll, vhoco cohoes woult have proclaimed hlio advent to all Hayes, unuounoiug himseolf, instead, by throo raps of his umbrolli o to he door, Notwithstand ing this informal announcement, he was at once admitted, Thore was one remark of Lucius Bligo's whioh made a particularly doop imlrorasion upon Aliauora's mind. " llubands," he said, " who love their wives havo no oeoroet from them." Alionora was not naturally ajoalouo wonmnu, nud loving her husbadso little no she did, it iso probable that Iher oao picions woul neovor have been aroused by any trivial ecoreoion he might choooo to exeroise until, as in the pronout case, someone hlud 'ndort:il:ou the grateful r .in , i ni nigt, h tr eyeso , :lit' ie.c , fh? t l r- l tf ri bhly in jove!, ?d ai sih reiut roal dt pr( tt lru ni'-ro UO, that had been tIitld up 1p, .y a.r ler, iad fili? with on S :do of fliririi lluxerioi, her ?, t i ,;:a fall of bit?er feelings against the iau whose gilt of love it was. " They are all put about for show to maintain the diguity he thinks suited to his wife," sheo refleotod angrily; " not a bit to ploaso me." And than sbo throw herself down on the quilted oouoh under the open vwindow, and wont off into a train of thought that Ambrose Lorraine's wife should never have indulged tn, Alianuora Lorraineo was utill a ohild in oxperiouence, but her womauly intu ition pointed out the difference be. twoon a man's wife nod his mistraes. "I should commit a groat sin, and I should make people hato mo," abo thought ; " but theo I could beoar that it auro of his loving mu always. That would fill my life." She was lying back, with her hands under her head, looking out at the floooy oloads as thoy passood quickly over the tops of the boooh.troee, and did not see her husband outer the door bohind her, and como and atand beside her conou. Ieo remained quiet a moment look ing at her before lhe pro. nouncod her panmo. When he did so slh turned ter hIad quiohly round, orieaooning to the roots of her hair. " ily dear," iihe cid gorntly, "I am afraid I strtleld you. 1 thought you wori untloop; J'lantllllot told mn youii hlld olllre home. I iae tho driving tilrel you iiich, Aliaioiiillra '' " Not at alll," lihe cold, eitg lll up nil lu, iiug i , ii r th rfi ecoveredl nilipoti roll And thenll, uisini f thati h hUlil a li ght ovteienot en, orid in in1iitilbild l(or e , ire, ?" if o \'(M i gllll lil. " I fi tr I iull ?t, I have bliul ox. rli i lidt I ll ) tli ii 'ii i t110, 11 I hoiiti! lit t rt, ti i t l -"hu h" )ti t ihiolhc hrli, lun 1i ,It Ilielild 1 i w ill, " I lba tily fit qn lli elf t It I llill lilult bIy till itlti i o a l (l i io, yoIu e1! I'tlll iht.?," 1 I! i ,.. t": ,Itd ll itl Icei ,,i!y 'till lly inot, "ii I h?uI Ilu tl hiailo tlh d In 1? + p ot h p?i ll )!ill loii t bll , going. " It will only be for a day, you say; and during the hours that you are hero I rarely eeo you. You ut.ually eperod them in your itudy, you knoliw?." \Vhetlier or no e?o meant liie for at r?d?uke, he felt it al ouch ; the fact of lhio being in tho house did not contri kilo much to the eheerfulnonate of its "I must try to get you como more lively cotnpanion tIhan tnyLolf, Alin nora," i.h stid gravely, hiu lhibitoal fear of intrudiung p+eion that woo not wanited giving his imnner .:r; impa'a sivity thbai iho miotookr for indif. forence. " And now, dear, I mout bid you good.bye, or I e:lill mice my Irail; mnd, as I have written to cay what tiame 1 eall arrive, ieo will-I mecan " and he colored vividly-" my oicSiing it will be inconvenient. " It would be ia pty to inconvenienco anyone on my accotrrut, Atmbrooc," ecid his wife, stinging him to the ut most of her ability by look and tone. And although lihe hd a right to recent the aajpieion her rmanner imo plied, he wad so well able to control his feelings that elo could detect no sigo of anger in the foee looking down at hers, nor any traco of confusion now. \Vhatevoer there had boon had prtseed away, and if she hoped to read conviction in his eyes, eihe hoped in vain. It was a chrango revernal of their actual positionsi for her to boe auser r; but joalously is seldom compatible with jnstico, and att that nomoent Ahliuora felt that elho was llo injured lprty. " You kill give moe a word of fare well, dear 2" said Mr. Lorraine, gently touching her hand and bend ing slightly over her. " Good-byo I" shi replied coldly, turninig away her Ifae. lie did not attempt to lise her after that, but quietly echoing her adieu walked away to the door. But as lie didt 0o there was the fragment of a toer in his eye, and the hint of a quiver in hi voice. She lot him go, and, without another word, oat hardening her robel lioun little heart against him; whilut lie, wheou only fooling for her wan chivailrona self-devotion, went slowly ilownetatire, with the eaddoned ox. lprei'ion her unliudnoes hlnd brought thore, leoding a now mnjeoty to his lhandsome foaturlOs. Poor, foolish yonug wife, she little gueosed how muol lhppinote wac within her grasp, while uhie contem plated the mad not that would wrench her away from it for over. She sat still till eho heard the acrriago-whoolel roll off, and then, got. inug up, began to pnoo the room anugrily, dashing her bright hair all abroad over her ahoulders an eho walkted. " Do is going on some errand lie is as?mioted to toll me of," olsh exclaimed iUdignalntly. " He has confeooed as mnueh. Why should I be more true to him than loe is to me ? If ho loved rme, it might be different; co it is--" As it wao, young Mrs. Lorraine reo solved to keep her appointment with the Honorablo Ltoius Bligo. OCIIAPTER V. Fateo--with whom, in the course of their short livee, Lord Paliseor and Mr. Laoy had both had oserious con troveroy-found an early and unex pected occasion of frustrating the widow's efforts to keep olear of her landlord. It wooas on of thoseo dull, hopolesonly wet days that English people have to endure uometimos even in the merry month of May, and Lord Paliessor having transacted the business with his architect which had brought him to the county town, and got uncom fortably moist in walking from the High Stroot to the station, found, to his annoyance, that the Mixley train had just gone, and that there was not oothlr ::'r half-an-u.hour. So he opeoed hi. dripping umbrella, and pr'oced"e.: d b"eo to the shelter of a omti rrtIbl' old inn in the vicinity, ad, rvasll:ng into the bar, called for a gi:?o ot brla.dy-and- wator. It wan not the first time his lord. ship had patronised the hosoe, and the pretty barmaid, who rooognieed him at once, was profneo in her apolo gies at not being able to invite him into the parlour, which, eho said, was occupied by a gentleman and a lady, who particularly wished to be private. Lord Palisoer had no desire to in trude upon their privacy; and, more over, deoolined the use of the proprie tor's hitting-room, which was offered him next, the bright fire in the bar being more attractive than any com fort of a colder sort. The inn was an old-fashioned one, as I said before, furnished with ouch adjuncts of antiquity as high wains ootl, orose-boamud ceilings and wide settooo ; and having in odd cornors of the walls those cunning little peop. holoo, with a shelf below them, that we eomotimoes oo in ancient hostels. Now, when he had disposed of his brandy-nud-water, and grown tired of letring at the coals, Lord Polioeor, finding hime if loeft to his own devices, bogan to walk about, stamping his wet boots, and glanoing between whiles at the foxy prints that adorned the walls, until, quite by accident, his peramnbulations brought him upon ia little window wedged in between two eilver-nmouotod spirt-bharrelo, and oona nmanding a view of the bar-parlour, It in probably euploriluoo to nay that, no Ieonard Palieaor was it gentilo m en, heI would have refrained from ilintontironl prying; bilt thie windorw i; the t.rioll m;jai uaii oii hhli noU titlloll Ita lrpriIol that, hbolro lo e coul reollict lnhrant It at all, he waos gaening in .e wilderrronlt at ai wirlow'r boluniot, whlicllh lns irtorvlnil up and down jrlit t11o11r hfil line of virimrr , Ito owner seril rlinvb lll y rong llrtld in url lle t lti vr'el tirr rol l w Ith nornrlle, hlnt who Ihin ourrnrll l r on li nt 1n 111lir'l nr 11e' woii roedl r nrttitt lthi ll ii i te ; 1r t , iIr tlu, t'l iiiow Iutitt.llly l tl i t it rllpl In rn t!ln i1 l ti:, litie liini !l tlulIru tin h l fret iiih r11, fot r It e ll ' hien r ? 1 ?entl cl ,, i r tn fel nei A Inlle5 In th 1 t rilt' in th , 11i1+ 111 lil ilrr Ii n 1tint linen tI I lu f ri ttl ,i fejri f .t ir t r ipt flar firn, A colf-coutcioou feeling proeented Lard 'Palieecr from look:ing af this Iperson directly; antrd, itntead, he tu:redl his foaco to the fire, and held the soles of hin botso over thi blaze. The newa-comter, a well-developed mant of middle height, wrapped in a lfrge ulster and with t: loose felt bat pulled over his browe-toolk no notice whatever of his fellow-guest.; but having obtained a glues of tho came boverage as his lordship, Itb.gan to stroll oabout the bar in apparently tho stae lifetleos manner a3 Leonard Palioocr lhad done. Itcou coud crarcoly lavo bcrn by design, and yet it did not seem quite by accidlent either, that he lolled co ofteon near the corner whero that Ipeop-window waso. But after timeo Loard Paliper began to obervo that ioe did ti?ger there; and being him. self attaro of whatl rvt to be oeen, it wint not tunnatural that obe abould turni round and look with some sevority at this imtportiuout i-py. ite ture:d rather quickly, and it so happened that the othetr man turned at Itho sa0me moment, and they looltoked full into each other's eyes. Through all his lifo Leonard Pahlsoer never forgot the horror of thaflint visual oncountor. No pallid ghost gliding silontly up to his midnight couch could have .shaken him moro than di theo spectacle of that hand omho0 face, whoso dark eyeO, as they fliud their insolent gazo upon him, seemed to nsy, " what the deuco do you mean by meddling with my movements ?" There wits no recognition on his sido, at any rato; and Lord Polisecr was Ihanloful for it, for it garve him a loopholo of hope that this terrible roalppearanoo of a man mourned for as dead might be only another case of accideotal resemblance. Such caso' were not unfrequent ; but the fact of his coming theor just thou was a coinoiloono strange enough to dis turb a mind that had been previonely tlhookltd by a painfil ourprise. Loonard Palissor was not a norvous man by any moans; he was too un imaginative for that; but somohow theo face of this black-baird stranugor, couplod with the unaocountablo alp poarance of AMadelino in a widow's dlre?s, gave him the horrors ; and after paying his ?ooro ho loft the bar procipitatoly and hurried down the road autd into the station. " That fallow seems in a hurry, doesn't lie ?" contomptuously observed the maot had loft in possession, whereupon the pretty barmaid bridled her neck, and bogged to inform him that the follow was Lord Palissor of Boauliou Towors. " The douoe he is t" exclaimod the stranger, with an energy that made his hoarer jump. " His plaoo is near hMixloy, isn't it " leooiving an answer in the tallr tative, lie gave a low whistle, and turniog on his hool, prepared to leave the house, just as a movement of chairs on the sanded floor of the next room told that Madolino and her com panion were astir. Lord Palisser found no one on the down platform whon he entered the station, excepting a group of navvies employed at somo chalk-pits near, who were going on to various villages along the line ; and it remained thus destitute of passengeors till the train came up to the platform. But in tho hurry of its arrival le fancied that he saw a man in an ulster dart out of a door hitherto closed, and make for the nearest oaraiago. That this man was identisal with the person he had loft behind at the inn Loonard had little doubt ; but this fact in itself was no Conoorn of his, and lie had got into a first-class com partmont and taken his seat when he saw the obliging porter who had shown him in pauoose in the not of shutting the door, put up his arm in the manner poeuliar to sunob officials, and onll out loudly, "this way, ma'atm, if you please I" The next moment hlie had Madoline for a travelling companion. She did not see him at first, as her eyes weor direotod to someone loft bohind on the platform, whom she motioned away from her with hasty anxiety; but when the train started off and she sank down on the opposite soat she founudborself faeoo to face with the man whom of all others her heart told her oho ought most striotly to avoid. Her widow's veil, usually kept close down, had beon thrown oarolessly bacto, and Loonard saw in all its un dimmed beauty the fos whosoe haunt ing memory had risen betweeoon him and every other woman's faceo for five long years. Lovely no over, but no longer bright with the bloom of uuohbastonod youth, for sorrow and passion had passed there, and loft the exalted look ofsn anwakened soul, But what had boon lost in freshness was atoned for in exopression. There was a deeper moaning in the beautoy of this blacko-drapod widow than there lhad boon in the boneuty of the whitl.robed maiden. But its out ward asidencou had altered little, Glossy, rluxuriant hair of the deosopost black, shadood a delicatlo foe, in shape midway between round and oval, tlb footures of which, though very rogo lrt, couold not strictly be termed eithoer Grooian or RIoman, for the nose was too straighlt for the latteor, whilo thln foroehead was too promionent and too illy odevelopoil for the formoer, Hlr eyoes wro habittally eatt down, no thatt they worOe rar(tly toon; butl whlo o ho raised lthoe they sltoteod th mlotl tioot ioor{., loit otrouno, atii elealr', -ol a rish, dcopoft, gbl intl borowo. Sltrc toiploeioo wall formetoadl neither oif lile to or ronoso it waI tholt pu1ro lrOlitioitoolottr wthich nte tVilll 01 fJallwlyalri Ihw wl l houlrafiilni, DI111 it llmillht hivei 60i rathllir ai w\Y k (lllh 0lt, It Ihlb liltyo lootooiil ottlio o lit d 'iso lor lt, ouiti l ii! , oill iw ia l iioo ottry litit of otto ir ctlott cototo u 00r the pillinnoti tof t I o tti l folig blt o hot tl e?tuoislo tIh, t t w hi t I ti' y t iiototl itt olooot oflot oti, r otlr totj.ot fot!-o " Lord Palienor," she said, raisiug her lovely eyes to his faso, " I did not know till lately that you weore the same Mr. Leonard Palieser I used to Boo so often at my brother's house. But I must speak to you now that again we have mot, and that I soe you also rooogniso me." "I should do that anywhere and at any dietance of time," replied her astonished lover, trying to measure his tones by hers, bat coarcely suo cooding; for moen-unless they are villains-are loss export at conceal mont than women. After this speeoh of his she reflected awhile, with her eyes oast down ; and thou, raising them and fixing them on him, with an expression whoso depth of esad entreaty he did not yet under stand, said, "it may Boom incomproe hensiblo to you, Lord Paliesor, even impertinent, that after this long lapus of years I, who never had any olaim upon your services, should ask you to do me a favor." Looking at the noble countenanoo before him, Leonard mentally die olaimod the injurious suspioions of her that had boon forced upon him. Virtue is its own advocate. A self. consoione fooling of shame made his glance fall before here, as she said " if you will honor me, Mrs. - " " Mrs. Laoy, the tenant of The Pride ?" she interrupted, quickly. For some moments he stared at her in mute amazement; then bowed and apologized. "If you will honor me, Mrs. Laoy, by giving me power to do you some servioo, there will have boon reserved for my manhood a happiness that was denied to my youth." He did not mean to convoy so much in his first sentonoo to her; but hbe had suffered repression no long. He was sorry however when he saw how evidently it distressed her, " You are very generous," she said unoteadily, the tears in her averted eyes; " but the only help you can give me must be negative. The boon I have to orave of you, Lord Palinser, ih forgetfolness; that henoeforth I should be to as though I had never existed-that my identity and my name alike sink into oblivion. Oir oumotanoos have nsparated me from my home. I can have no communion with you in honor. I wish "-and she laid a stress upon those wordo "I dare to have no friends." There was something so definite and final about her manner of uttering this, that Lord Palieeor felt that no argument or persuasion he oould put forward would avail to move her. The sontonno of separation eho had pronouncod iuvolvod the overthrow of all hopes of happineon for illu ; but chivalry and honor alike obliged him to acoept onilitionu which boh had put in the form of a speoial reqlluet, " When you tell msle tlht I mn~t r?als il you on a etranugor," heo nld, onkiolung at her with dtlop woitfuilnecn, " you condlrmnii se to a corroiy wcheon hlttorinii I hinsjlht cowc jot; but thell rn Ic 1' lhi III y Iou cuiili nii of t11111 t'hliili I iwiotlhi rof'ion In 111, Th, ro frc I will oi thla, Only mls lhiung I nlfist y nio hiun ll iini Ie y 1 olepo triaitto hi l'll rn lI u i lnlh fill will eh 'I fil Y lur l, fi, '' lf lty 'uiul i s ('lrl ll 'lu l uui lul2 ei, li t o il li.. eIf' II im'Igucl fcctu )ic hifcu lcvl (O s2o " Thou I shall never be happy, for I shall never forgot," he said in half whiopored tones. Mixloy woas ajuncotion, so the Lickoto were examined at the proooding sta tion, whioh causeod a delay of a low minutes. Upon this delay someone in the train had boon calculating. The man whoso hurried traneit across the platform had boon obooserved by Lord Paliusor had coated himself in the oornor of a third-olass oarringo, from the window of whioh he had keopt a sharp look-out on tho paneoougers who alighted oeaoh time the train stopped. Roaching this station, however, he got out, on the protonoo of making somo inquirios, but in roality with the intontion of hovering about the noigh bourhood of the lickot-oolleotor. This he did in a lounging, easy way that excited no oomment, but as the colloector approached the oompartmenout in whioh Lord Palicsor and Mrs. Lacy were seoated the strange man quiockened his paeoo and managod to be just bohind the other ao Leonard handed illo ticrkets, saying, "Both for Mixley I" Then, after taking a hurried but comprehonoive glance at the on.e pants of the carringe, whioh, ao it was dark and hle was in the background, hie could do without being observed, the man turned round and cauntered leisurely hack to hin own compart mont. But as ho resoeated himself there was a look of evil triumph in his eyes, whioh had not boon there a few momonts before. The oilonoo which had fallen be tween Leonard Rand Madelino remaineod almost unbroken until they reached their deostination, wheno, in assisting her to alight, he inquired whether she lhad any oonvoyaneoo in waiting to take her home, PaliAser's Pride being, as we havo already said, beyond walking disteneo from the railway. She replied briefly that a fly was ordered to moot her, and after remind. ing him, in a few whiaporoed but im pressive words, of the promise hle had mado, oho bado him adieu, and went out of the station alone. Lord Palisoor, with the view of fulfilling theo epirit as well as the lotter of hie promise, lingered behind, chattoring to the etntion-maeter, and in the meanwhile a train came in at the opposite platform and deposited Mr. Arahimeodo Begley, with a roll of blue papore under his arm and a bitter hatrod olfsaizo time pervading his legal mind. Thore being but one point of ogrees into the road, and Leonard hlaving planted hlimhonlf atthatpoint, it was ime possibla butt that the Iawyer rund lollent hohuld meeat; and with no genial and Irindly a mnan ae Lordl Pa!nlr lt 'ec rnot nnatural thalt the melonting lhould roult in thei offer of n ride hiontia to the weary alltorney, The night wee ui nproplll nl?e, thel way llo , Iillad IMr, lilttlloy eloooptled It with tIII tefiil etll rity, " l nar entlI ILar a uIIil i i .-or e i ool or 1l1l" 'l' id lithat hliil of oloirity hivilvled 'eielh whuhi wb't/Bi ilebbllilhi llllll u o I l et of ( ll I n I tiobbiill ilbt ii4.t~hib'i 'C U, It'liell I, s ila l t I' bIitrbli)Ihy ll lfitil l ' ll Ibili)th!I Ill I i e bb I Ili' J ife~lll ai Jlelie Ihli jbiiti, tl ' ti! h, i'lb Ilhi-t iliitiiiiilb? I, iii lt i~ao ie id utll~ Jtl'tblhbse t i itillii! liit s~~ yfl li , I ly bib bib 1(1( ?'ru! pirisil ~l h Iit lliii tiii"tii Or f ; Ib+liltbi Iti,: tabLIs Ci t h!ltilbbiit i*n tii if iill 5, l!tb:ii ifV, " b'bi, ii'il .00 Ji t ' i bi& l'b hsIuti hlbhbl i'Iitbi iibittit hit solicitor had boon dropped at the door of his own shabby dwelling, and Lord Palissor, putting his head out of the oarriago window, said, " drive home Morrison, tho nearest way," his solely-tried pationce broke down, and he said grimly : " As you please, my lord; but your lordabip will be good enough to re member that thie nearest way home from hero is down the private road, whore they'vo just laid down half-a mile of granite etones as big as my fist." " Ah, to be sure; I forgot that," said his master easily. "Then go round by Moat Lano, Morrison." Now it was in Moat Lane that The Pride was situated; and it formed a junction with the main road some throo-parts of a mile above Mr. Bag loy's house; so, making allowance for the start which Mrs. Laoy's fly had of his lordship's brougham, it was not strange that the former equipage should be emerging from the lane just as the latter was entering it. But to Leonard, whose carriage lights fell full upon the approaohing vehicle, it seemed very strange that there should be seated beside the driver a man unmistakably identical with the one whoso mysterious appa. rition had already troubled him twice that day. Bonding hastily forward, with a face bloaohod almost white, he pulled the shook-string. "You saw that fly that judt passed ?" he said to the coachman.. " Do you know if it was waiting out side the station when the train I arrived by came in ?" " Ye, it were, your lordship," was the reply; " and what's more-over, it took up that widder lady they make such a talk on, which lives at The Pride, your lordship." Lord Palissor was down in the muddy road by this time. ." Help me to unharness one of the horses as fast as you can I" leo said, broathlessly, beginning the operation himself. Morrison gasped and stared at his master in dumb bewilderment. "Is your lordship-does your lord ship moan to ride it 2" he found voiso to say at lanst. "Yes ; you must manage the root of the way with one. I want to got back to the station-I have forgotten somothing." A fib, Lord Palissor, but a pardon. able one, we hope. Morrison, as in duty bound, pro. posed to go instead, but he was quiokly given to undorstand that this businoes could be transaoted only by the principal, and in loss than five minutoes after he had denosnded from hiu podded carriage Leonard Pallssnor ^., n.., : ,?ogh, .,preup, uevia.t, and eplashing reoohlonly through the pnddloln Itt plintifully beontrwod the (!uoos's hillh wy, (l I, I'ib be ruu1 i}.) 