A REPENTANT GHOST. ' go you actually believe in ghosts 7' re- j axrked Ca*rbe Beavers, interrogativelv, witb an ?mount of flippancy ia his tone, aad aa amused mile on bis rather boyish tece, to his elder aad ' nore sedate friend Kobert Forder, as they sat ogetfaer in the former's comfortable bachelor Ooms one evenise towards the close ot the last noeth of the year, diseuaing a choice blend of vhiskr (judiciously commingled with potass), iad blowing curly biua wreaths from unim Macbabte d|tn. ' I am bound to believe in them,' replied tbe tiw ia all eanoosnees. ' What p Do you mean to say that yoa have eea aoe f ' Decidedly ; I may ut I almost owe my rife to a Spook.** ' Come. I say, old man, draw it a little aild !'* ' I'll tell you the story if yoa like. Bat niod, ' very rarely mention tbe subject. 1 don't can tboot it talked about an j where and everywhere. Eon understand F' j ' Perfectly,' said Charlie, all eageraess for ; fee recital. 14 Go ahead. I'll be as mum as | i-a-a what'* its name.' i ' Well, you must know befora I secured [through the iafiuenoe of my fathar-iu-law) ray »resect positioa ?? maaager of tbe bank here. I was panting tbe oaliiuf of aa accountant in Osrchester. After three years* bard labour I Began to feel mjr f«t aad think 1 migbt ve»ture to ask a certain jmaag lad* to share icy iature iot. 1 was tolerablj 6ure that I should meet with ae r«buiF from mr dariisg, but there was a stera parent to be reckoned with. ' I bad made the acquaintance of Ur. Matthew Turnover, bead of ttie respected and aid crusted baokieg-house of Turnover Br© there, aad Gbeckwell, through ordinary businese ?ntaoooise, and we became in time oo quite Ultimate terms. I frequently spent my Sao 4»js at hie charming residence in tbe park. He bad an only daughter. Eleanor. The rest you will readily understand. Weil, I put the momentous quectioa to tbe dear girl and achieved tbe success 1 piead guilty to have been vaia enough to anticipate. ' Then followed the inevitable interview j with papa. He evinced surprise when 1 told him my tale, as many fathers do after ! being themselves the prime mover* in briagia? j two impressioaable young pecpie together. Hr was straightforward too ugh. Toid m». al- j though be had certainly oheriabed more ambi- j tious views fur his oul y cbiid, it was aot his is- j ieotkm to try t* enforce kis id*as if they wen I likely tc interfere witb his daugh ter's happioebs. Still, he was bouuc to consider the impertaat ques tion of ways and means, and though b- admitted I had made rapid and subttautia: progress in my profession— if such it could b- called — he at the same time did not coasidei the income 1 was then earning sufficiently large to justify me ia taking upon myself the res ponsihility of a wife aud probable C9atingensie«. ' He wound up by saying : ' * Although Eleanor, as you knew, is u only child, she will cot Biaieriaily beaefit through me on her marriage. it is my firec intention to withdraw bo sum of consequenc* from the baak. My share of the profits— ex cept so much of it as I require to live upon— remains in tbe concern until my time comes foi quitting this world, theu, of course, Elesnoi will inherit what 1 shall lea re behind me. But. God be thanked, I am well and hearty, and ma; raasenably look forward to ten or fifteen year; longer of useful life. Uy advice therefore u you, is go on working as you have done hither to, aad, in three years say, you can broacl the subject again, and if Elly should be Etill it the same mind regarding yourself, why we mi) perhaps see if matters oannct be arranged. It j the meantime, there will b« — at all events oc my part — no difference in our friendship ; there's nay baad upon it.' ' You may guess I did not feel extravagantly jubilast over the arrangement. Three yean seemed an awful Ion; time to wait. But I ha ; [ the fullest faith in Eleanor's constancy. How | ever, I will get on to the finish; 1 don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. ' About eight months had gone by, when one day is the middle of December, Mr. Tarno'ver bas til f eatered my unpretentious office. The Aid gentleman appeared grsatly agitated, and it was soeae moments alter being seated that he was able to speak. ' I auxkmsly inquired if he were ill, or was any thine wrong at home ? ' * No — no one ill/ he said, slowly. 'The bank has been robbed.* ' * Sobbed !' I exclaimed. 1 Phew ! Have the thieves been caught ?' ** * Too don't understand. The robbery is from xande. Tbe chief cashier.' ' 'What ! Bradley p* I cried, in the greatest astonishment. ' The peccant cashier was a Sunday school tea er, regular chapel-goer, aud I don't know what besides. *' * Ay ! The smooth-tongued hypocrite,'1 said Mr. Turnover, with considerable emphasia. 1 And he's got a good tweaty-fosr hours' start. He was away on short leave.1 ' * What is the amount ?: I asked. ?--** ' A very considerable snm inconvertible ?eeorrties unfortunately. Anything like tbe exact amount, bowever. is not yet known. That is mainly why I have come to yoa.' ** ? To me P ** ' Yes. I want you t» come to the bank and go through the books — his books, you know ? as expeditiously as possible. We wish to kerp tbe affair secret — that is, as long as possible. Will you come ?' ' And Me. Turnover regarded me anxiously ' Tben thinking, ptrbape, I seemed to hesi tate, be added, significantly, * It may be worth your while* . ' ' f am at your service, Mr. Turnover,' I in stantly replied. 'When do you wish me to be gin P '? To-aight, Are you willing to work late ? I mean,in fact, all night if neotssary i Will you do me thia favour f *' ' Yoa may command me in any way yoa like, Mr. TaroovBr,* I said. Truth to tell, an -idea Sashed across my mind that I might decide . to ask a favour—of ..him hi rrtnr^ .after thf ' pment annoying business was over and dam trith. ' Hy future father in-law rose fruea his seat, v « ? I am very pleased you bave consented to Up me so readily, because we oaa rely upon jyoor discrelaou and absolute sileooe.' I bowed. 1 - ** * Thai .mer^ :--me . ia . Duke-atoeet, hy«ie | jOosmopolitao Hotel, at sixabkcmaad we «n|j Wto together.' _ :Vf** I.wir ?* «*» plana appwatcd faat as th* 'lb* iug oot«a tbe elea* al— st imiaediatety |Ba-ed ' As soon as we wWe seated in tbe back par- i leur ilr. Tornover handed me a letter.re marking | tbat tbe missing Bradley had caused it to be detivrred in a somewhat mysterious msuoer j ?' Wbeu I read the note Mr. Turnover asked j my opinion of it. I said : | » 'The fetlo*' is coo! certainly, bat I infer from 1 what he writes — if it is the truth, of coawe that there has been nosysiematicembe^eraeat gpiug forward for some time ; that, ia feet, be eotnmitted tbe theft in a sudden fit of tempta. tioo. i he mentions sixty- eight thoasaud.' J ?' ? Yes, that is quite enough without ths J probjbllitT of more having to be added to it. I trust your' sarmise will tarn out correct. Let as get to work without delay .' 1 .. We worked unremittingly till ten, failing f »o discover any defalcations beyond those al- j ready known. This was so far satisfactory that S Ur. Turnover confessed be felt mucb relieved ; i aud suggested an adjournment to a neighbour ing first-class hotel — his club being too far | away— to recruit exhausted nature. j ' We were let oat by the bank caretaker ; through a small aide door, and told him to re- - main up till we retnrnrd, ' Having dooe justios to an excellent little cold soaok, washed down fay a bottle of very j excellent- port, I told my companion there was : no need whatever for him to go back to tbe j bank with ma, as I eooid do well enough with- -; out him — at all events for tbe remainder of that } night. He assented, telling me not to stay very late. ' j ** When I got to the bank, I set to my task J with renewed vigour, still failing ta discover ? extended evidence of guilt iu the absconding j cashier's book. By this time, aith»ugh tbe | night was cold outsfde, tile room I was working | in began, by reason of tbe msny gss jets burn- j ing, to grow uncomfortably warm. I began to ? feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by j the small clock on the mantelpiece, I dropped ' inta aa inviting easy chair, aad felt extremely : Jtka dropping as well into a prolonged dose, but ; as I had no intention that way. I straggled ! against tbe inclination by raising my heavy eye- j lids at frequent intervals. { ' 1 heard a neighbouring church clock boom | fsrth the midnight hoar, sod. opening my eyes, 1 ?was just on tbe point of rising from my com- j fortable position with the intention of resuming j work for aoothar haif bear, when I saw soir.e- j thicg that deterred me : kept me, in fact, spell- 1 bound in my w«t There, nght before me a few j yards sway, appeared the spectral form of j [Westcott Bradley, tbe defaulting caahier. ' There was a sad — I migtat tlmoct describe 2t m a ohaeteoed look on the fius|}j ftce ae ?tioagh tbe spirit was experiencing profound contrition far-some mitred the body com jnitted during lire. ' I ouce more closed my eyes, thinking that j wheo I lookad again the thing would have van ished. But no ! There was the shadowy figure commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent arm raised, the fl*shleea hand with its bony flowers beckoning me to fellow. It re minded me of Hamlet and the ghost oa tie castle ramparts, only I sssare yoa I felt preaoas little like tbe impetaou Frinoe ; I reqaired no holding back. I tried to speak, but tbe word* I framed with my dry lips were inaudible ereo tn nn*)f Knnn ? ? th* ? l» .m. ruacbed the open door leading into tbe tn.i^ room, I arust mechaotcallr as though impelled by some unseen power, and went witb bated breath after the still slowly retreaiing appari tion. It continued to wave its ghostly hand until the massive iron door which led to ths -vault befow, where the bullion and securities were kept in huge sefee.or rather strong rooms, was reached. I quit*; expected to see the Sgoie melt away in tbe orthodox manner. Bat s trifling obstruction of this khrd was b« barrier ta tbe melancholy spirit cf the peccant cashier. With an int-ense lingering last look cf anguish J and a final wive af the arm more emphatic than previously, it timpiy, as it seemed to my be hacked through the solid troa work. I can asure vera 1 felt considerably re lieved on being rid of the apparition. Further work was, of cearse, out of the question, so I summoned the caretaker to let me oat, imparts inj nothing whatever to him regarding the strange experience 1 had just gone through. ' Next morale; 1 called open Mr. Turnover before he left home, ami recounted to him what had taken place in his' bank the night before, I was not in the least sorptised at my story be ing received with a smile of incredulity. ' ' My dear Forder,' said the worthy, bat un believing banker, * you, of course, fell asleep in the ehair a&d; dreamed all this.' * ' * Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr. Turnover,* I answered, warmly. ' Stall, tbe old gentleman remained uncon vinced. ' 'Remember,' he went on banteringiy, * you had partaken of supper and vine — generous old port ? ' ** However, to bring my story within reason* able, bounds, I wili just say that by the time we had arrived at the hank I had almost conviuced Mr. Turnover that I had seen the ghost of his delinquent servant : and he agreed, at my re» quest, that we should visit the v-ult together, * though surely,' observed he. * you don't expect to encounter your sad-faced Spook again, so early in the day ? r ' When we had got down below »nd turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to opt o two large upright safes standing against tbe wall. ' * Everything seems as usual,' he remarked, after surveying the interiors ' Your spirit evidently had na particular tale to unfold, even if yoa had been abie to accompany him here last aighw* *' ' Why did it beckon to me eo earnestly in this , direction ? * I remarked. ' By the way,' X added quickly, as my soeptical companion treat ibaut securing tbe safes again,' what. of the big ooe over there to tbe left ; aren't you going te open that ?* ' ' Oh,* be answated carelessly, * that is an old one not in use ; has not been opened, 1 should say, for sevpral years. It is empty.' ' 'I suppose tbe re is no objection to me hav ing a peep inside ?' ' * Not the slightest. There is the key ou the wall there P ' I handed it to him, and he at once inserted it in the lock, while I staed by ready to pail the massive door aside. 'Dear me.' remarked Mr. Toroovar, in sur prise, as the wards worked quite easily, ' I certainly expected -»-me difficulty.' 'I pulled at tU heavy door, which swung quite smoothly, jus* as if it -had beat np^ daily with the other*. 'Tbe next moment as excJanjatton of horrified surprise fell from the bankers lips, as he started back several paces from before the front of die safe. ' I instantly sprang forward from befciad tbe pan dei out door, and followed the direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. ' Well might the old gentleman be strongly aiffec$ed ! . . ' There, on the circumscribed space of tbe floor of the safe, lay the huddled figure of a man. His face was distorted and horrible to look upon 1 The staring eyeballs and protrud ing tongue shoved how ha had met a horrible death by suffocation. {?-**» Bradley !' ' I exclaimed, as soou as I 1 could Sna breath enough. .. «.. . Ytt, it « Westcwtt Bradley,* *aid Mr. Turnover, in a low'y. hus^y^fcttpet. ' There was no doubt about it. The sreken ing spectacle upon wizitb 'be-gaaed constituted the mortal remains of . «» man wbo had be trayed the trust repoeed iB him t» his employ. ^ tbe body ame to be removed to a *9 ' Ootm^T» inquiry, seven! ! atmng bnlky . kathK podft^wAa tiwiria. tnps were disoavwed- 3a. the bank really knt ?i^tiiag, aad I gained a loving wife a good deal hooMr than I should otherwise have done, it ftww was kind eaoogh tonay«hat,as I \ V missing securities, I ought to have aj tewarf 8 1 got it, and ba»e never rejrfcited for t gjJJ- 8 mament taking it. Nothing much was thrjP! 5 at tbe inquert cxa^t tbe inforuiatigc B lock of tbe debased strong toorn H sprint wise, ana it was mapxXani th*i §1 ley, wbo had evidently been astug the fi his own purposes, had opened the jsot, tW 8 hong up tbe key in its a-%ostomed plaee, K icsde. asd ia a moment of forgetfulaa^ the door come oa the tpricr, and bo mad* 1 receptacle for conreahng his plunder ha itri, S' tomb.' ^ 