Local and General News. HELD OVER:-Pressure on our space compels us to hold over several matters. INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODDFEL- 0 Lows.-The members of the M.U.LO 0. " F. are specially requested to meet at the w Federal Hall at 10 o'clock on Easter p Monday, to take poirt in the procession tl in regalia. ANCIENT ORDER OF FORlESTr.-.?The I members of Court Ivanhoe, A.O.F. are kindly requested to meet at 10. 30 a m. I1 at the \'asonic Hall on Easter Monday, t so as to be able to take part in the pro- t cession, in connection with the Hospital Fete. HEATHCOTEHORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. In another column we publish the prize list of the Society's Autumn Show to be I held on 28th and 29th April. We beg to draw attention to the following, which was inadvertently omitted from Section 3, and which should have appeared in the poste!s.:-Best Bouquet. First prize 2s ; second is. CnicxET:-A match will be played on the local ground on Good Friday between Strathfieldsaye and Heathcote. The followin,_ will represent Heathcote.- Dr. Esler. J. Sandy, G. W. Talbot, W. C. Hobinson,-H' Baker. E. Rabie, W. _ - T" ? " , ulatlocj4 P. EAsTen M1o ,xAY Fete.-Nexit lon? day the annual Fete in aid of the Heath cote Hospital will be held 'in the New Show Grounds, and we trust that for so worthy an object, the public will support the movement, most heartily, and thereby kelps to swell the funds of this charitable institution. The proceedinga will com mence with a Procession leaving the Shire Hall at 11 o'clock sharp, headed by the Bendi.o Brass Band. The route to be taken will be South to the Stand pipe, then back down High Street North, to the cemetery road. Returning from this point to the Show Ground Major Moore will act as Marshall, the position taken by him last year. To prevent a crush at the ticket box, the Secretary has arranged for the office adjoining Mr J. A. C. Firth's office, where tickets will be sold from 9 30. a.m. until 12 o'clock, and the public are asked to purchase them at that depot. AMr H. D. Thomnss and Mr Greig being incharge. There will be all kinds of amusements on the ground, and the Band will play selections of music throughout the day. The Ladies contemplating a large at tendance, have liberally catered for the requirements of the public. Mrs E. Firth, who is so well and favorably known as an Amateur Fortune Teller, will positively make her last appearance in public, so that any persons wishing to avail themselves of knowing what their future is likely to be, should visit this talented lady. A sum of one shilling will be charged, the whole proceeds being for the Hospital. Major Moore will t again conduct the "try your luck" busi ness and Mr Cope the race game. The entries for the Bicycle and other races came in very satisfactorily on Monday la-t, and the handicaps appear in another column. We hove been requested to ask those who hold Art Union books to en deavor to dispose of the tickets on or before Monday next, owing to the fact that one half of the ticket admits the i .1..xc',.. ý ,, a.. W.."ould again remind the public that the objects of the Fete is to provide funds towards the erection of a fever ward at our Heathcote Hospital, and considering that the insti tution greatly benefits those who are unable to pay for medical fees we desire to earnestly ask everybody to assist in the great praiseworthy movement which is beingformulated towards this charitable object. CauncH or EN?LAND SUNDAY ScooL, Pic Nic.-The annual pie nic of St. John's Church of England Sunday School was held on Wednesday the 30th March, near the somewhat romantic site of the Old M'Ivor Inn. The weather promised to be hot in the morning, but early after dinner old Sol withdrew his beams behind clouds, so that not an umbrella or parase was in requisition for the greater part of the day. The children met at the church early in the morning with their teachers, and after a short service held by the Incumbent the Rev. J. Carrington, were driven in a number of vehicles kindly lent for the purpose to the scene of their festivities. The teachers and pastor worked right hard to organize a perfect pie nic, and as a result they deserve the congratu lations of the numerous assemblage that gathered at the pic nic spot in the aftei noon. A number of prizes for athletic prowess in the Anglican youth of Heath cote were contended for and awarded, boys and girls being the contestants so that the prizes were not confined to the sturdier sex only. We are unable to produce the records of the wins but members of every class in the school had the honor and qualification of taking at least two prizes, so that the pleasure of success must have been wide spread. Dnring the afternoon a verit able host of visitors came upon the scene, for all were welcome and they gathered to that one spot from the four quarters of the globe, we were going to say M'Ivor Shire, and found every facility for being amused provided with pro fuseness. The huge quantities of sand wiches, the vast cakes, the intermninable supply of fruit, the gallons of drinkls, disappeared in a fashion that according to Shakespeare would "make the judicious grieve." Indeed the pro visions taken to the place would have fed eight mammoths for six months, but the provisions taken back to Heatheote would not have sustained as many mice for 6 hours. Yet all were provided for and a basket of cakes left behind as a thank offering to thie owners of the pie nic grounds. In accordance with the ancient custom, the adult ladies played a cricket match, a team led by Miss Horne succumbing to a team led by Mrs Christie jnr., the latter lady scoring 34 runs and her team ultimately beat the enemy by 65, as against 46. As regards ladies cricket in this town 3 we received a very explosive letter from a person signing himself " The bald headed coon without a waistcoat." We I had to suppress the bulk of his comments but he says very truly "People are just beginning to perceive that in the natural order of things, ladies are born cricketers. They excel in "cutting," "glances" are their great weapon of attack, they are always trying to make a "catch" they like to be "caughted" themselves, they only possess feet as far as we know and " l.b.w." can only mean lady before wicket, to use the word" duck" in res pect of them is considered a compliment, they rarely possess such a " good length" as the men but occasionally are " fast" As a sex they have countless admirable " points," and we cannot deny that a lady "slips" must enthral maukind; us their instinctive self possession prevents them from being "put out" and as they never become old they are nev~e "run out." They cling so fondly that they tc can see no merits in a good " bye"; D we never heard of "Miss Hit" it is true, but is there not something ungallant when a gentleman bowls a " maiden over" that we miss when a lady does the same fat. The gentle sex are so fastidious about their hatsf that "the hat trick" eomes with them when s they are born, and makes them obnox ious only when they sit in front of you at a theatre, but that is because they are so "the hat trickal." We can continue no farther as the puns grew viler as we read on, While cricket was in progress other games were played by the adults, and after the departure of the juveniles *s,`y;s 'i frolic hunter.s of both ghosts by mooriiIgfhfiTheai2 . \- Carrington and Mrs Carrington were w heartily assisted by the teachers and 0 others, but it would be invidious for us rt to particularize any individuals for y separate praise. They all contributed e their best to making the effort the most s- successful Church of England pie nic is that we have attended for years. d 