\- SPORTING NOTES. COURSING. BEISTDIGO PLUMPTON MEETING. ■ The third meeting of this club for the pre sent season was opened under most aus picious circumstances yesterday, and will l)c. concluded to-day. From every point of view t'ufi meeting was undoubtedly the beat yet held by the club, and augurs well for its future p:os p«ri' y The wcatb.tr was delightfully fine, the course was in splendid order after the recent rains, and the attendc-nce of the public, amongst whom were ;i number of ladies, exceeded that, of any previous - meeting. There were two events on the card—the Patrons' Champion Stakes, being for S3 dog-, all ages, a** —3 3s each, the first prizs for which was £f<0, with a trophy valued lit £30, the gift of the patrons, Messrs. J. Sternberg and W. I. \Vmt£r Irvicg, Ms.L.C., D. C. Sterry, M L.A., I). B. Lazarus 2nd H. M. -Marks; runner-up, : £28 ; two dogs, £5 each ; and four dogs, £3 ' each. The Iiagleliawk Stakes were for 16 puppies at £2 2s each, winner, £20runner-up, £S ; two dogs at £2 each. - . v : ' . The nominations included those of some of the best dogs in this and the adjoining colonies, and as the hares were .strong, some first-class coursing was witnessed,. A remarkable feature of the first round in the Champion Stakes was the manner.in which the local dogs put down some of the cracks. The course between Bunny (Loyalist—Besant), and . Darebiu Kit was a splendid one, resulting in favor cf the former. High Kick (Harkaway—Hornpipe) put out TriumpLj who Was heavily bached, but one- of the most exciting courses was that, between Maid of Mvers' Fiat (Richmond—Lady Dinah), who recently won the Puppy Stakes atBendigo aiid Echuca, and Goldapur (Goldsmith—The Witch), who was the runner-up for the Water loo Cup at Moonee Valley last month. The local bitch won in splendid style amidst loud applause, the hare getting safely into the ra taues. Bubbly Jock (Clement's Tonic—Ee • eant), who had been backed straight out 011 the previous evening to win the stake?, "was de bated by Rosediile (Livingstone-Rosevale). In the course between the two local dog:?, Battler (Livingstone -Beehive Rose) add Mollit Riley (The- Ghost—'Winiiie), the general opinion amongst the onlookers was that Battler lino von,-but the judge decided in fav.^r o: Riley. In.the first ties Hydrange met- Outlaw. The hare jumped the canvas at the back cf tbe course followed bv the dogs, who killed out of sight of the "judge, and it was given uo course. Subsequently Outlaw won. So ciety Belle won a good course alter a dodgy hare from Battle A?;e. A deal of in terest was manifested in the course between the two well-known dogs, Urinan Dim (Rulioid Leonore) and Bunny. lirinan Dhu wan favorite at 3 to 1 on, while 2 to .1 was obtainable against Bunny. Drinan Dnu led up, turned and ECored several points, vlieu Mr. Biadon's black bitch got in and soon equalise;: matters, eventually winning. Megapnone (Oetdsmuh-— Flora) beat lailmai'iham (V.:' ae':!— Ki:n::aa,.;. and Robin Living-lone (Roi.in Adair—Lady Livingstone) was vanquished by Mandraae (Harkaway—Hor.cvsuckie). High Kick beat Bedlamite. Maid of Myers' Flat, whose eton style of working her game when '"ior.ee obtained possession was greatly aamisct',_ <10 feated Rosectale, and Kale Lai'viearrtle, v, ao^r price was 7 to i on, led Mollis Riley up *o a Btror." bare, a:«l ultimately wen the couvs". The following at&i; are lets in-.-Outlaw and Society Belle, Bunnv ar.d Megaphone, Mandrake and High Kick, Maid of My:!,' Flat and Kate Hardea-.tle. _ . There were some ijric courses witnessed in the I'uppies' Slakes, the following being _ left in : —Brown'? Four Crowns and Lady Hedky, Po'iiar.o ar.d I'V deration. The president (Mr. H. Bumdge) and other honorary otiicials worked hard to ensure the &BCCC;&5 of tho meeting, and they are to be con gratulated on the sreL-ess of their etiorts. Hie stvretarv (Mr. C. Burridgc) was courteous and obliging" to all who were brought in contact with hi;n, and ins eolleaguc (Mr. <7\. Hemming) was also present. Mr. Popjoy, of Baliarat, acted as judge, and with one or two exceptions his uavt general satisfaction. Mr. Turner, of Lehuc-a, as usual acted as slipper. Following arc the results of the various courses:— , J'atkons' Cim.uiuo:; St,',!:j:s.—First round : .J. Hardimnn's Hydrange beat Magea Bros.' Splinter. 11. J. Doljson's Outlaw beat J. Hef f{-man's Bir- twurcd, V.'. Kiapletou's Society Belle beat JB. Harry's Lord Maryborough. A. Council's Battle Axe beat ,S. Lazarus's Wait a-Bit, K. Bladon's Bunny beat Nichol Bros.' Uarebin Kit, G. Keighev's Drinan Dhu bcatJL\ Chennali's Young. Jie\ iield, G. Keighev's^Kil mair,iiam b:at R'. J. l)ob-:on!s lvitigarama, Mrr, H. Chishoini's Robin Livingstone beat M. ! ('ono'.an's Hotshot, J. Havdiman's Mandi !\Vie ; i'iarea's a!--!. Ashman arid Die* ard's us ILi'ih Rick btatF. i>. ivjuyc-n's Triumph, M. Kelly's Bedlamite beat' F. Kenyon's Qualigv, M. ' Kelly's Maid of Myers' Fiat beat Kellv Bros.' Goldspur, Cartef's ns Rosedale 'ic:v. S. BMon's Bubhlv ,Tosk. W, Kt-atintrs MstKe TViirv beat H. Barrirtgi-'s B*t!er, 1). M:Gii!iciuldy'sKate Hurdcastle bt-atW. Staple to:.-'? SingleTax. First ties: Outlaw Gc.-.t Hydrange, Society Belie beat Battle A>.e. Bunny beat Drinan Dhu, Megaphone beat Kilmainhr.m, Mandrake beat Robin Living, stone, High Kick beat Bedlamite, Maid of Mvers' Flat beat Rosedale, Kate Hardeastle beat Mollis Riley. Ea<;i.f.hawk Stakes.—First round : R. J. Dobson's Brown's Four Crowns beat K. Wc-ib getr's Ruffian, Xiehol Bros.' Darebir. Spy beat 8\. Lazarus'? Erei!doune,W. Bruce, junr.'s Lady Hedley beat F. D. Kenyan's Lindsay. M. Cur tain's The Jewell beat R. Lnugiord's Happy Bird, F. Esposito's Pontano beat A. Harris's Key, C. Norton's Creeping .Tane beat M. Kelly's Spring, Kelly Bros.' Federation beat Ashman and Steward's Busy Brewer, \Y. Bruee's Maitland beat M. O'Brien's Royalist. First ties—Brown's Four Crowns beat Darebin Spy, Lady Hedley beat The Jewe'l, Positano beat Creeping Jane, Federation beat Maitland. The meeting will be continued to-day, the first dogs to be in the slips at 12 a.m. sharp. Besides the fiuals, which are exciting a con siderable amount of interest, a supplementary stakes of eight dogs at £1 Is will be run oil. | The following is the draw :—Kilinainham v. Robin Livingstone, Splinter v. Bobadil, Hot shot v. Ringarama, Playful v. Battler. i Last night at the Beehive the card was again called over by Mr. F. II. Ivenyon for the Patrons' and the Eaglehawk Stakes. The following were the approximate closing prices in the Patrons' Stakes :—5 to 2 Maid of Myers' Flat, 4 to 1 Kate Hardcastle, -i to 1 Bunny, 5 to 1 Society Belle, 5 to 1 Mandrake, 5 to 1 Mega phone, 7 to 1 Outlaw, 7 to 1 High Kick. Fede ration was a pronounced favorite for the Puppies Stakes. HABRY JflCESON. BOWK TATTERS ALL'S, iBEEHIVE. HAS DOUBLE and STRAIGHT OUT BOOKS ON - CAULFIELD GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE and STEEPLE. 100 to 1 THE DOUBLE. . Starting Prices on all events run in colony. —fADTr.] 