PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. Girl from the States: A TALE *0F LOVE AND INTRIGUE, By GORDON STABLES, M.D., C.M., R.N., Author of " The Rose of Allan dale/' " Shadowed for Lifo," " Stanley Grahame," 41 The Croiae of the' Snowbird,*" "The Log of a Gentleman Gipsy," "Our Friend the Dog," "For Money or For Lovo" "Afleen Aroon," &c.;, &o.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER VII. 'I Think I've Spoiled His Game,' lit ilurrEUED. The best-laid schemes o' mice and men Gang aft agiey. And leave us nought but grief and pain For promised joy. —Brass... AKTOX ADAIR was a young man who troubled himself very little indeed about dress or general appearance. He had never worn a ring in his life, nor carried a chain. Had you asked him the time of day, he would, after rum maging in live or six different pockets, lug out a huge gold turnip that had belonged to his father, and toll you to a second. He did not despise dress, however, and probably looked better in the grand old Highland garb than in anything else, though he always foiled in neatness so far as liis necktie was concerned. But on the afternoon of the day be fore the dance, lie was going to dine with a Scotch lair.l, who lived high up the Don, and determined to look in upon Letty in the by-going. 'I'll try to make mother happy, nnyhow,' he said to himself,' though as I've never been in love I can't say I'm much of a hand at wooing. Ah, bosh, I'll never fall in love. It is best to be over nnd done with it. Besides, love may come, if it is really needed.' So off he drove with Bess up beside him in the dogcart—she was too heavy to run far—and Jess in fine fig, head well erect, bonnie mane floating out in the breeze, blood-like action in every graceful movement. He had perfect faith in her surefootedness, and hardly tautened the reins all the way. When lie reached the hall door at Jfuckle Kinmundic, be threw the reins across Jess's hack, a little boy in buttons took her by the head to lead her about, und Bess and he entered the house. Barton Adair was in evening dress to-night. He left his cape in the hall, and smilingly entered Lctty's boudoir. He certainly never looked more hand some than lie did uow, and as Letty ran to meet him, she did not hesitate to compliment him on his appearance. An English girl would have been less frank. She would have glanced, and admired, hut said nothing. 'You are just too awfully good looking for anything,' she cried heartily. ' Am I ?' he said, with a half shy laugh. '.Ami? Or for anybody?'he added. ' Yes, for anyone about here.' ' Even for you T Barton thought bi3 wooing was making some progress. _' There!' she said. ' Like all young men, you talk nonsense sometimes. But do let me arrange your necktie before you sit down.' She stood in front of the tall, broad shouldered young farmer, looking prettily up as her fingers deftly undid the cravat, previous to rctyingit. Hcrs was a pretty and a fetching attitude. Barton looked down for just a moment at her flushed but exceedingly beautiful lace, then he opened his arms as' by impulse, pulled her straight to his breast, and kissed her squarely on the lips. ■For just one moment their eyes met. Hers,' liquid and blue, told all the story I of. her heart. His--well, I can't tie scribe bis—they were sad more -than anything else." ■ Hastily now she finished her worlr, then much to his astonishment threw herself on the sofa, and burying her face in the silken cushion,' hurst into tears.. Barton was bewildered. . \ '"Whaton earth is the meaning of this?' he thought. 'How I wish I could understand the inscrutability and fathonjlessncss of a woman's character!' Then he went closer to tlie sofa, and taking her right wrist tried to lift her "P ' Hiss Johnson,' ho stammered— ' Lctitia—have—have I offended you? Have—' She gave a quick little shrug of her fair shoulder and pulled away her hand. This might mean anything. 'Yes' or ' Xo' or ' Xonsense.' Barton wondered what he should do or say next. "What he did say to himsflf deeply but not aloud was: ' Hang it all, I wish I had a smoke.' Ought he to take her on his knee he wondered, and caress her hair and pet her till she shed her tears and perhaps fell asleep ? This was the only thing in reasou he could think of, if it was in reason. Anyhow, it was the plan he always adopted with his little sister Xellie when she took the ' tantrums,' and he was just about to put it into I .nit lice in the present instance, when this singular girl started to her feet, brushed silently past him, poured some toilet vinegar into a handkerchief, wetted brow and eyes with it, then nodding and smiling touched the button for tea. The neat-handed Phyllis answered the summons so quickly that she could not have been fur away. Barton Adair was considerably re lieved when tea came in, and it was not long; the fact is he was feeling awkward, for Letty seemed disinclined to make even the slightest allusion to the necktie episode, and the kiss; while he himself was cither too shy to do so or did not know exactly how "to express his ideas, if indeed he had any. He could not very well tell her that it was all done on the impulse of the moment, aud that he would have kissed any other beautiful woman in the same position and with the same attractions. Xor could he say, like a big schoolboy, that he was | jolly sorry, and promise that he would never do the like again. ' Least said is soonest mended,' thought Barton, and he talked and rattled away on general topics, the prospects of shooting, fishing, curling, &e.; But nevertheless ho could not hut think there was a new and a more beautiful light ill Letty's eyes, when she looked towards him. ' I'll tell my mother all about it anyhow,' he said to his own heart. She can give me good advice. I mustn't kiss her again though; well—for some time to come,' he thought. ' Sufficient for the day is the—the—kiss thereof.' This young fellow's manner and method was brisk and determined when he made up his mind about anything, so in half an hour's time, after search ing for his watch and finding it in his ticket pocket— 'By Geoige'' he cried, springing bolt upright, 'I'm off. Old Laird Tomp kins will think I've forgotten ray appointment. Goodbye, Hiss Johnson.' She shook her head and smiled. I ' "Well, Lctitia, or Letty." There!' . I ' That is better. I like Letty from— from friends.' She pat lier hand in his: '.-How soft' and tiny it felt in his big brown paw;' He detained it just a moment.. ' "Was he going to kiss goodbye ?' she wondered. But ho didn't. • Ho, don't come to the door. You'll catch cold, Letty,' he said. Then he sprang off. . She watched him driving down the park, till the great wood swallowed him up, then heaved a little sigh and sat down. - Never mind, he had kissed her once. Yes, and that night, before she fell asleep, she rehearsed .the necktie scene, half a dozen times at least. Barton told his mother all about what he had done when;he returned that.'evening from laird Tompkins's, and though she laughed a little she was evidently pleased. ' " Now Letty Johnson, like■' a great many American youngJadies, and Eng lish, too, for the matter of that, thought she knew all about the game of love, or say, rather, ;the science. "Well,: letty was afisherman, if that is not an Irish bull, and sbe knew well enough that getting a salmon to bite and bo hooked required considerable skill, but she knew also that gaffing and landing was oftentimes far more difficult. Moreover she did not forget that to excite a little jealousy in a lover's breast had a good effect. In such cases the lover feels inclined to kick the other fellow, upbraid the loved one, then after a time forgive her, and. once more swear unalterable adoration. But oven American girls may make mistakes at times, and at the dance that ling, though Letty gave Barton a valse or two, she rapidly filled up her tablets, and the name of Sir llobert Clay came iu very often indeed. That ancient baronet could not of course go in for them all, but what mattered it? —he had the privilege of sitting those out, his feebleness forbade dancing. He was a light-hearted, gay, old gal lant now, and letty seemed to bo listen ing with delight to "tho soft^ nothings he was whispering in" her car, so that he had never felt so happy in his long life before. Yet thongh letty sat smiling she was thinking, and lier heart was far away, and often too her eyes wandered to certain corners of the room where ' Barton was. The yonng fellow could not make it out. letty's conduct puzzled him. . During their first dance it had been all but arranged that he should take her down to supper. He even went almost ' the length of claiming her company. J She was so sorry, so sorry, but there was Bobbie yonder. She could not dis appoint so dear and so old a- friend. Bobbie wonhl break his heart. ■Hang Bobbie!' said Barton, beneath his breath, but he bowed and went off for someone else. Later on he was strolling by himself and smoking somewhat languidly on the fairy-lighted lawn, when "Hudson sauntered up with a cigar in his hand. ' A light Hudson, certainly ? But here, try one of mine. A sailor frieud chose them in Spain. No, not very dark but the aroma is Heavenly.'" Been dancing much?' ' No, just a few little turns. I choose a partner only after I see her < dance. I choose ber_ as I would a pointer.' " 1 'Bythe feet?' , i 'That's it. Iiy the way, I haven't seen you much on the floor. Just once, < at least, with lettv.' 1 ' Yes. She dances like a sylph.' ' I don't quite cateli oh. Jfever have seen a sylpli. Something in the Eng lish music hall way, isn't it? But, great Scott!' he continued, as he flirted with his hig cigar. ' I'm just real mad with Letty.' 'How? Why?'" '"Why, to all appearances she is going to throw hersell away ou that old attenuated fop, Clay.. Why, Adair, a dissecting-room doctor wouldn't give half a quid for lib yellow carcase!' ' "Well, I did hear, though I took no heed, that he had proposed some time ago, and had been handed hb passport.' 'True, true, true. But was that all you heard about Sir .Robert, or "dear old llobbie," as she spooningly calb him aow?' ' Yes, that whs all.' . ' Oh, well, it's no chestnut to you. Hut Bobbie has beeulcft a fortune since then—£50,000 a year, anil that isn't to be sneezed at.even by a; lady, of wealth like my protege; for I am in a measure Ker guardian, .though, mind you,-she lias a will of her own, and a strong one,' t00.' , i Barton Adair thought hq.saw through everything now, and in reality he felt relieved rather than anything else. ' But his esteem for American girls was not heightened by Hudson's revelations. Hudsou'sepmed frankness itself, and Barton really could not help saying : ' 'Tell you the truth, old man, I thought I had some chance in that quarter myself.' . 'My dear boy, you haven't the ghost of a .' Ho did not finish the scntcuce. He pulled himself up with a round turn. 'But nay, nay,' he. added hastily, ' I am .wrong to discourage youth. Go in and tiy to win.' - - . • Barton Adair drew himself proudly up. ' Ho,' he ans wered, .'_ I'm not quite a fool, nor have I lost my heart or head either. Hudson, I'm not going to go in either to win or lose.' Shortly after the two men parted.: Hudson \rcnt off laughing to himself. 'I think I've spoiled his game,' he muttered as he walked in through the conservatory. He was satisfied he had when lie saw Barton dancing dunce after dance with Jcannio JIasterton, who, next to Betty herself, was admitted to be the loveliest girl in three parishes. If Jeannic had believed all Barton told her. that night,, she would have gone home with a fluttering heart, aiid perhaps dreamt about the stalwart and handsome young fellow who had made love to her. - ■ :v "When our hero went to' bid; his hostess good-night, he held his. sister by one hand. He meant that his leave taking should be eminently formal. ' Good-night, Jliss Johnson,', he said buoyantly. ' Yes, indeed, I really have enjoyed a glorious evening.' And lie looked as if he had. Betty's little scheme had failed, thanks princi pally to Hudson, perhaps, but when she saw him drive off with Jeannie JIas terton and her brother, whom he meant to laud at their own door, she heaved a sigh, and when old Clay came simper "ng up, walking like a hen on a hot griddle, to say au rovoir, she hnd to summon up a considerable deal of courage before she could ho civil to him. 