TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED LIKE A STEAK TO A TO THE PIPE FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr Jarvis had the misfortune to full on the hot water pipes, and before bo could be rescned lie was eo&lded; and burnt in a terrible way. The shook of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr Jarvis, and fer a number of years afterwards he was a confirmed invalid suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to bo circulated in the neigh borhood that Mr Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made nis way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr Thos. Jarvis was discovered nursing a two year old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and was able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illDGSs and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said ;— “ Yon want to know all about my case? Well. I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell yon. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." “ How long were you suffering ?" “ Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I bad to leave off work and 1 have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual develop ment of the malady I was forced to give np my billet at Glebe Island.” 11 What were the symptoms ?” 11 Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were jnst about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a snw were cutting my bones in two in every yart of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisnnee to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep, On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he t»ld me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order t<> the Director of Charitable Institutions." “ Did yon make nse of the order ?" “ No ; I came home anil went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I conld not vr»lk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I fJt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give np the ghost. My doctor was attending me, aud did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He camo to tbo con clusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by pecu liar disturbances of the gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating volnntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Jn6t then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, jnst aB a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by tbo advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in Eng-1 land, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. Tho effect wns as marvellous as it was magical. 1 was able to oat and sleep as though nothing wbs the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. Yon see these cratches there ! They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr Williams’ Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, aDd now I don’t want them.” " He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the b»by on her knees. “ The Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People have saved bis life, and made another man of him.” A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. " I can imw,” continued JarviB, “ have a col I bath, and all tho feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change oud benefit to Dr Williams’ Pink Pills. They have saved my lifo. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave mo to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay »bero they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody has been amaz d at. tho change is me. They can barely believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a Bensmion out here.” Snch is this remarkable history, and it is confirmed by nil the chief lewspapers of this country of tbo stonishing omes wrought by Dr /illiams' Pink Pills for Pale People, hey cure loc motor ataxia, partial .aralysis, and spinal disease, also i he many disorders which arise from m impoverished state of the blood, ; 3QCb as anaemia, pale and sallow | complexion, general muscular weak I ness, indigestion, lois of appetit^ shortness of breath, pains in the baok, nervous headache, etc. Mr.I. S. T. M'Go wen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by oar reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M“Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infanoy. He also knew that, he hnd to (rive np his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months atro owing to a malady which he developed. Ho afterwards heard f lint Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that, then was little chance of his re envery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospi tal, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr M'Gnwan was, there fore. like everyone else who knew the fact', astounded at tho complete re covery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills arc obtain able from Lading chemists, or from tbo Dr Williams’ Medicine Co., Flinders-s'reot, Melbourne, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half-a-dozen for 15s 3d. See that tho genuine Dr Williams' are gotten. 