iferiom 1 Thoughti. ?EABTBE LILIES. The pure and holy lilies . Attend their lord alwsy ; The EaBter lilies praiBe Him, They 'of the valley' pray. Bed lilies speak His passion. Field lilies breathe His love, And water lilies image His pence in heaven above. Weave in the glorious blossoms To deck the E»ster tide, An offering fit and spotless, Of Jesus sanctified. And when in bliss we Bee Him The gate of life thrown wida— The angel of the lily Shall lead aa to His side. CHUIsr'S RESURRECTION. The evidence of Christ's resurrection, tlioiifli founded on testimony -which appeals -to faith rather than sight, is sufficient for faith to rest on, and therefore leaves all un believers without excuse.' Let them hut examine the testimony, humbly and impair tially, aud they cannot fail to be convinced. This remark is true applied to any of the great doctrines of the Bible. It has been -proved over and over a^jain that wheie the truth of God is honoured with fair investiga tion it disarms prejudice and begets convic tion. Man is endowed with tho power of* thought, and the possession of this power imposes on him the obligation of thought, the duty to think, and to think for liimsolf upon the great themes of Revelation ; to investigate ? the testimony whereby they aro substantiated, so that ho may reach just and satisfactory conclusions in relation to them. KIND, APPRECIATIVE WORDS. I -wonder why we are so chary of kind, ap preciative words ! It costs so little to give encouragement and joy to our fellows. A multitude of appreciative thoughts concerning our friend may be hidden in our hearts, bat how seldom do they find expression. We may laud his exccllence to others, but never a word of praise reaches his oar. Many a despondont soul would be cheered and helped over a desperately liard place if only someone -would whisper a liartening word. It is won derful how a particularly gloomy outlook may be brightened by a timely appreciation of our struggles and triumphs. I do not mean flat tery or fulsome praise, but genuine apprecia tion. Give expression to your appreciation of the virtues and achievements of your dear ones in tho home circle as well of those out side. THE LORD HAS RISEN. He is become the first fruits of them that slept. This is the ground and glory of our liope. He tasted death for every man that we might have triumph over the last enemy. As Ho rose and is ascended to tho Father, so we shall rise and ascend ; for, as in Adam all die, so in Christ shall all be made alive. He is the Son of Man and Son of God. This is tho surety af our faith. Ho was man, tempted in all points, as wc are tempted, yet witnoutsm. In this His manhood conquered. Ho was God. Ere Ho gave up tho ghost upon the cross Ho prayed for his enemies and slayers : Father, forgive thom ; thoy know not what they do. Ho jvas God. He came forth' from tho rock-hewn sepnlchre, having finished His j offering for sin and given tho last toneli of fulness and joy to tho gospel of redemption and resni-rnntion'. Christ is risen ^from. the., dead. Our faith is not in vain. 'Death is j swallowed up in victory.' ' Thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.' CANNOT TOUCH IT. Tour external circumstances may change, toil may take the place of rest, sickness of health, trials may thicken within and without. Externally you aro the prey of such circum stances, but if your heart is stayed on God no chances or changes can touch it, and all that may befall you will but draw you closer to Him. Whatever the present moment may bring, your knowledge that it is His will, and that your future heavenly life will be influ enced by it, will make all not only tolerable ? bnt welcome to you, while no vicissitudes can affcct you greatly, knowing that Ho who holds you in His powerful hand cannot change, hut abidetli forever. AN EASTER THOUGHT. The real glory of our Easter to-day is not tho emphasis which physical science begins to lay on tho thought of God in nature, but it is the fact that society begins to feel a diviner ?Dulsation. If we look to-day on tho irenuine ness of the day, wo shall have little joy ; but out of tho clay rises tho lily and spreads its beauty abroad and its perfume ; so out of tho gruesome misery of human society and in tho meanness of human selfishness riso tho prin ciples of honour and love, and thoy aro draw ing all eyes and electrifying our senses. Bettor social conditions, botter aims, better results than are the Easter lilies of our coming humanity. EASTER DAT. In all our churches the keynote of worship ?will be the resurrection of the Christ. In chant and hymn, in anthoms and organ out bursts, in eloquent sermons and in earnest prayers and joyous Eucharists, tho language of the resurrection will find expression, and thoBe who go to tlio churches with a suitable preparation of mind and heart will bo uplifted by their stay in the houses of God, and those who visit theso places bceauso of their general desire to, sliaro in religions privileges will be more or less affected by tho worship and tho ?brilliant pageant ; and so all will share in tho ?merrv Easter day. TRUE PROGRESS. I What is true progress ? Every step that leads to a true aim. What is a true aim ? Evory landmark that is mapped out in our ideal deeds of humanity's trust. What is humanity's trust? 'Have ye not known? Have ye not heard ? Has it not been told you from the beginning ? Ilavo yo not un derstood tho foundations of the earth ?' LIFE MARKS ARE INDELIBLE. Wo are not writing in tho sand. The tide does not wash it out. Wo are not painting our pictures on the canvas, and with a brush, so that we can oraso tho error of yesterday or overlay it with another colour to-day. Wo are writing our lives with a chisel on tho marble, and every timo wo strike a blow we leave a mark that is indelible. HE is KISEN. Oh earth 1 so filled with sorrow, with wrong, and crime, and sin Shut in tho tomb of ignorance, with guilt and death within ; Down through revolving ages echoes that woman's cry— 'He's risen! Ho, ye sleepers, wake! ia death no longer lie !' 