Protection Does not Protect. "Ir is not often our good fortune" (writes the London "Spectator," December 18)."to abstract? speechl so packed witlh sound sense and public wisdom as Sir Robert Gifflen's speech on freetrade to thc: North Staflbrdshlire Chambloi of Commerce at Stoke. Sir.Robert Gitcn showed, in eoffect, that protection does not proteet, and that though there is so much talk of the decay of freetrade, freetrade has been winning all along the lin'e. 'A third to half the world is for freetrado.' Dcaling'with the British Empire,-Sir Robert Giffen practically states (thdugh he does not use the phrase) what we have always held namely, that there is no real protection, but only a certain number of local Octrois on an imposing scale. Victoria is supposed to be the great protecionist colony, and yet even there the whole manufacturing popula tion-i.e., the' population ;which is protecet able-is not more than 50,000 and a large part of these are engaged in the manufactulre of mineral waters and other things which must by their nature be produced locally. In the United States it is doubtful 'whether even 5 per cent. of tihe producers receive any pro toction from,the tariff of any sort or ldind' Protection, too, declares Sir Robeirt Giffenl, is played oult in the United States. In most parts of the Continent a stagre of development will soon be reached which, as happened here, will make it no longer pos sible to tax food and raw material. But when protection for thoCse goes so will pro toection for manufactrces: Thatis, we believc, an entirely sound view, though owing to the hatred of all foreigners for direct taxation, tariffs for revenue pmurposes-- i.o., an Imperial Octrbi-will. be kept up by all theo chliief Continental States." BARCOLAY AND SONS' Eucalypti Erxtract. 1st Prize Sydney Shows, 1895 to,1897. Only seventy years have elapsed since the first railway in the world was finished. During that comparatively., brief period 400,000 miles have been constructed, the B·ritishl Empire accounting for about a sixth. There are 800 public-houses in Sydney and its suburbs, and 760 of these sell drink on Sundays. This is an official fact published by the Police Department, which hcas. plcccd it on record that 95. per cent. of the Sydney hotels set ihe Sunday closing law. at defiance. If a constable was to walk out blindfolded, it would, therefore, be just twehbty to one on the first public-houfe that Ihe ran against being an lhabitual Suinday trader. Iri England more than 10,000,000 oil lamps are used nightly. They cause 300 deaths acnncally, and inLondon alone, 165 fires in a year have been traced to them. One excellent way of beginning the New Year acight (says "The Farcecr") is to copy the Chinese custom of settling up all our debts and starting off with a clean shleet. This is a most pleasing practice, and if ever the Chinese send missionaries along to con vert us it is to be holed that this squarinig up of old debts may be one of the first things taught. Apropos to whicli many persons appear to think that a liewspaper is run for the mere fun of the thing and costs nothing. This is niot strictly true; There is no more fun in rulnning aniews paper; tlhai thdre is in being passed tlhoouth. a steam threlshing machine, and the co?s~ is about equal to thlat of maintaining, a circus menagerioe. A popular opiniouidoomse. .to exist that niewspaper proprietoras?1equire neither .food nor raiment, neithir do thebir families, but that all are fed by ricibhs, or crows, or koolcaburras-in soune myisteriocic manner, acndmake their 'qeiccbldthing .out of fig leaves and.sugar mattiign.:. All this is a ghastly illusion. Thso;siie spaper :fanc has to deal with the iutbher andlid baker and snmmersuit- inkieor the same as other men, and if headoesn't*pay. spot cash many tradesmen coinside. that. he has foully tnarnish?e' the lily-vlite escutchosn of joiinalim'm and they \'atch hliis .dwelling plac.'as closely as a shlarp-iiosd terrier wcortd w atch a rat-hole. Theso: are sad reflections' fos Neuw Year's tinie, but, lilue Banluo's ghost, they "itill niot down"-at leastc niot until every subscriber has anted up his 1897 subscription. ' Thi. Cuinborlaid Aigus records the fact tliat'a vory funny little scene was: enacted in Parramatta after the fuieral ofe Mr. Hugh Taylor. . Sir GeorgO D)ibbs and Mr. J. F. Burns-both ex-COolonial Treasuicies, by the way----wore oon thIe Praramatta railway. station, returning homeo Lady Parkes wias also on. th o'stationi with.i her yfisiigest boy, Cobden. "Hullo," said Sir George Dibbs, "theoro's Lady Parles," and went up to speakl to h?:' "Wliich oue's tluis :" q"qleries Sir Gdeoc'g qf Lady PaIrkes, poiiailtiig td hteo nlcassiveheced e Ca obdenl. ' Coobdcc, sctlY yolngest," replied Lady Parkes.. Sir George patted thie littl felloc afteetionately, aid embracih g hli~n ii a kind way; .erisarked. Oobdeli, my boy, be 'trui to the40 first principles of your grand old fatlhae. : emeinmber, Cobden, that he was a tri?ie pprotectionist. Stick to his: earli principles, cand you, too, will be a greafat' cIli good mac.". This was too amuch for ex Trs'reas r Burcls, oone of Sir?a Hln'y',s ojd mninisterial collceagues. Whceh Sir George had released the boy, Mr. Buinis laid hlis hand impressively on the youngistcr's shlouldor, . and said: "Cobdon?, my ?boy, rclemembler that your fatlher in his scsocnedl nialhood was trtie to thie principles f fiQEo tnace acid speqt nippe lthala icqf his life aidvocating it. lemeibor, also, thlt 'ho named you after the ~illilshiouts l6aiou: of flieetrade,, Bo true to your name' and yoisr father, uand sticlh to the glorious pcineiples of Cobdon." Lady . Parles' was nmuc?h amused with the little sceno. At the meeting of the Sydney City Council hld on Thursday the resignation of the towni-clerk was read, and a motion that it be received lsy the council was agreed to unanimously and without 'any discussion. MIr. John R. Palmer, the assistant town clerk, was appointed town-clerk pro tcm. On Thursday. evening there was a large andil representative gathering in the main coneert-hall of the Callan Parkc Asylum, on the occasion of Dr. Manning, the Inspector General of Insane, being presented with ad illuminated address by the officers and staff of the department. Amongst those present was Dr. Chisholm Ross, Kenmore. Adelaide, Tliursday;-Splendid rains ihave fallen in tihe north-east, where the drought has completely broken up. A Cockburn correspondent also writes that the drought has broken up. Abouet half a mile of the railway line near Coekburn was washed away. This also happened to a portion at tie 290-Mile Camp. Later reports show that tlhe washaway was worse than ex pected, The Broken Hi!l to Adolaide express cannot possibly pass to-night, and if it rains again heavily the probabilities are the traffic ws-ill inot be resumed for some days. Cattle and horses have been washed away and drowned, and there are at present on one island surrounded by surging waters 50 horses. Uooma, Til1rscrI.-A meeting or miners was Iheld at Kiandra last Saturrday for .the purpose of considerinfg tih best means of having a thorough report on the Kiandra allhvial deposit. "It was agreed that theo Minister for Mines -be asked to set apart a sum of money from the prospecting vote for thepisr- poseofboringandprospecting tielarge alluvial deposit klnown to exist. Some de lay was caused at Charcoal reef owing to a slight break in the machinery, but operations are now in full swing. Forbes, Thursday.-Last night Mr. Albert Gardiner, at one time meliiber for Ashburn ham,' addressed a crowded 'meeting of electors in the Town Hall. He will pro bably run in the interests of the present Government against MAr. Roymond, the present member. Mr. Gardiner had a good hearing, and was accorded a vote of thanks for his address. The Cootamundra Town Plate on Thurs day was won by Trichord, P. N. second, Grenadier third.. When J. Morrison Davidson was standing as Parliamentary candidate for Greenock, he delivered an address to the electors, in which he explained his views. The peroration ran as follows: " A Yankee politician who once stood in my position said, ' Gentlemen, these are my principles, but if you don't like them I'll change them.' I, however, say these are my principles, and I will never change them on any account, and what is more, I don't care a d-- whether you like them or not.' Thomas Simpson, a goods clerk at the Newtown railway station, was found guilty at the Sydney Quarter Sessions on Thurs day of stealing £61, and recommended to mercy on account of the loose system of keeping accounts that prevailed. William Grady, convicted of being tire promoter of a frandulent guessing competi tion, was on Thursday sentenced at tIhe Quarter Sessions to 18 months' hard labour, Mulrrnmburrah, Thursday.-A fire occur fed to-day at Mr. P. IBaughey's cordial factory. After great exertion the fire was subdued, only a few pounds worth of damage being done. , At Liverpool on Thursday morning the Roman Catholic Presbytery and a private dwelling were entered by burglars, and .a quantity of jewellery stolen. A new departure in the -wheatS export trade is the shipping by the R.M.S. Oceana of 200 tons for London. "All is not gold that glitters" is a pro verb almost as old as the hills, and of all people bankers, it might be supposed,' would be least liable to be imposed on. That they have at times forgotten the homely truthl of the proverb is proved by recent occurrences in Bendigo, Kyneton, and Castlemaine (says the Melbourne Age). A cleverly organised gang towards the end of last month palmed off base metal as gold on some of the banks in the places named. The banks concerned are very reticent as to the facts of the case, but it appeared that the gang was highly successful, and their profits are variously set down as between £500 and £800. Castlemaine banks appear to have ;been the readiest buyers of the bogus gold. 'The managers of thie banks affected. have beool' holding"a consultation, but a-telegram reI'eived recently from Taradale notified the arrest of two men who are alleged to be members of the gang. I It was at a trades union meeting in a Lancashire town. "One of the masses" had stepped on the platform to argue the point with his wavering brethren. He was in.deadly earnest, but his ideas outstripped his tongue. The close of a never lucid address found him very .incoherent. I will only quote his peioration as nearly as I carf recall it :--" I tell you straight, chaps, if you persist in standing alone you'll be iso lated. Whoen you count your money you'll find you hiave inone; you'll be a shilling short of elovenpence half-penny. Are we a lot of jaclcasses i Not me. With combination ce could perform impossibilities; Napoleon a-crossing the'Alps in an open boat would be a meore circumstance to it. Ah, yes," he pathetically wound up, " union is strenuous; if we don't stand together for, the right we'll get left: What the British aitisan w'ants is miore work and less of it," . Mr. Robert P. Porter, who has been con ducting-investigations ilito the industries of Japan, states that one of tihe most interest ing studies inl that country is tliohe growi of mushroomss in the Shikoku Islad~, wlhere most of the camphor is iproduced. This is. an important article, aofe- port, mostly to, China,;: and during tie year- 1895, the last year ifor which the returns are asailablo, tie quantityo.f mushrooms, e xported from Japan to all countrios amounrted to 1,780,5971b. Of thie numerous species of edible mush rooms, the one called Shlutake is thie most important, being abundantly exported abroad and also used for many culinar'y purposes at home. Wortheim's co.r~.~ Pitt and Bridge streets, Sydney, has been purchased by Mhr. Sam. Hordern for £60,000. Sam don't believe in Hordern his money up-lie believes in buying property when it's Worthoim money. IMr. Slattery says he has no desire to re enter Parli~mernrt. Is this the' reason why he has decided, to contest King "iiv'sion with Mr. 'eid ? Bush fires are still raging ill Tasmania, and many moro homesteads have been burired out;. Until heavy rain falls there is no hope of extinguishing tihe flames. Captain's .Flat, Tluriday.-The miners who have been knocked off work are leaving here at tihe rate of two and three coach loads a day. After several unsuccessful attempts and three years' labour the unparalleled feat of cutting a ring out of a single diamond lias bleen accomplished by tie patience and skill of M. Antoine, one of tihe best known lapidaries of Antwerp. The ring is about six-eighths of an inch in diameter. SuEngineers worek 60 hours a week for 24s in Germany; in Great Briitaiir the wages are 388 for 54 hours, 