Chapter XXI. COMING HOME. In fear and trembling, lest it mio-ht ; have some new and strange effect on her , ladyship. Lady George's butler gave his I mistress a letter which h'ad iust been left, nt the horse. She tore it open without pausing in the rapid walk she had been taking ftp and down the drawing-room for more than half-an-hour, looking out of the window longingly eacli time she passed it to see if there were any signs of Mercy's return. A loud cry burst from her lips as she read. The letter only contained one short sentence, but it was almost the first ray of iiope that had illumined her life for many a long month. ' Do not,' it said,: ' leave the house for oven half-an-hour, as any moment may bring you your boy. — Yours ever, Basil Armfield.' H.ul Basil seen Dandy's emaciated con dition when he penned these few rapid lines, it is doubtful whether lie would have judged it expedient to arouse what, after all, might only prove a fallacious hope. His"reason for writing it was partly to prepare Lady George for Dandy's return partly because the doctors had told him that a note of joy, struck on her nervous system, would probably restore its har mony. If her impatience vas almost past con trol when she was only waiting for Mercy's return, it became an hysterical parox3'sni after she received Basil Armfiekl's letter frightening the servants to such a degree that they decided it would come to her ladyship s finishing her days in a lunatic asylum if something did not happen to mend matters. 'Where is he ? Where is the child? Basil is coming, is he not ? he will keep his word, and bring my Dandy, not his corpse — not his corpse !' And as she repeated the latter part of the sentence her voice rose into a scream. In vain her maid tried to soothe her. ' Mrs. Burritt and Mr. Armfield will be here very soon with tha little boy ; do calm yourself, dear lady, or I am afraid the sight of your excitement will frighten the poor little man.' ' Then he is alive ! He will know me ?' ' Know you ? Yes, of course. But who told you lie was ill ?' " ' 111 ! My child is ill — dying !' ' I hope not, dear lady. He has been pretty roughly treated, you sec, and per haps has not altogether had as good food as ho has been accustomed to, but iu a yery short time, I trust, with good nurs ing, ho will — , But Lady George interrupted her, Not dead ? You will assuro me my Dandy is not dead ? He told mo Basd would bring me. his corpse !' Before the maid had t?me to make any farther answer a cab drove up to the door, which was opened, the butler being on the watch, and Basil carrying Dandy, his poor little shrunken frame wrapped in Mrs'. Ford's best shawl, came irito the house, straight up into the drawing- room. Without .speaking a .'.jiiglVj word, he put the boy into her arms, and for' a few moments there was nothing heard .but sobs, interrupted by Dandy'sl'eeble' little ejaculations of ' Mammy ! mammy !' To see lady George crying over the boy was a relief both to her maid and Basil, since they felb that, for a time at all events,' she was saved, and that, this outburst over she would recover her usual calm serenity. She made no remark about the change in the boy. Did not appear as shocked as Basil had been when he saw him ; she only sat there weepingover him, without speak ing, till the doctor arrived and sought to ui-uig a iiuae practical sense to bear on the situation. He saw at a glance that the child was very ill, shook his head when helookedat Basil unperceived by Lady George, prc- | scribed milk and tonics, and told them he | would come back iu an hour, when the boy had_ been put into some decent clothes, and see if he was ready for a romp with him. But Dandy gave a sigh, one of those melancholy sighs in which he had indulged so freely of late. The doctor, was an o'd and a very favourite friend of Dandy's, but the poor child had not the strength to romp with him. ' Me tant,' he said, in his baby way ; me just be here and be quiet,' and he nestled his head to his mother's breast, and shut his weary eyes. ' Dandy quite good and happy. Not send Dandy away aain, mammy ? He will be a good boy.' . ' No, my pet, my love, mv darlino' ! Were they unkind to you ?' Dandy opened his eyes and looked at her. . ' Nobody love Dandy there. Me want my( own clothes. Not a girl's. Dandy isn't a girl ; is he, mammy ? This had been, perhaps, the poor child's hardest trial — this .dressing him up in girl's attire. ' Would you'like to have on ycur velvet frock, my pet ?' whispered the mother, among her sobB. ' Yes,' and he looked quite bright and smiling at the idea. ' Where's narsey ?' ' Nursey is not here. Shall I dress you, Master Dandy ?' suggested Mercy, who had' been standing respectfully jat a distance, the tears coursing down her cheeks. He nodded his head and held his arms out to her. ' You shall be my nursey now,' he de cided. Bui though he was quite ready '"to o-0 with Mercy aud have on the velvet frock, he had no idea of being separated from his mother. ' Mammy come, too,' he said. ' Come along, my man,' cried Basil, cheerily. ' I'll carry you up to your nur sery, on condition that you'll lot me see ' you in this fine velvet frock.' - .'y-.'-Ued Dandy; you stop a bit till 1 in dressed. So the little cnvfilcade proceeded upstairs Basil went down .stair;; ami waited loy ally till a tew minutse later tho shrunken ghost of a' child was carried back into the room in his velvet frock, with the point lace collar, his short hair brushed bark oil his drawn, bloodless face. Arm field felt very miserable as he thought on what a thread the happiness of his life hung if it depended on the existence of the fra'rile little atom Morcv h.ul propped anion.'' 'llm sola cushions, and who lay llu- iv. liishfn hand resting in his mothers, r.rvimj to smile on them till, l.ait with that'soii of sunless smile v. hteh was the more painfully sad from its very ofiorl to he cheerful. Since Dandy s arrival Lady George had not spoken to Basil, she li td not tlmnked him for bringing tire boy, or, by even a Iomc, conveyed tho slightest sense of grati tude for all the trouble ho had taken. It surprised him much, but it pained him more, i'or it naturally impressed him with the idea that, oven by the joy ol see ing Dandy, she had not been restored to hoi usual thoughtful, kindly self. How could he know aught of the niind-poison- ing from which she had ocen suffering of 'late? " On a sudden she exclaimed, — ' Now, tell me, where ,vas tho child, and who took him away?' Basil and Mercy told their tale in turns, Lady George sitting very still the while, holding Dandy's hand as she listened at tentively to every word. When they had finished she held out her other hand to Basil, and said in a low voice, — ' I have wronged you, but you will for give me. and help mo to bear whatever the future may have in store for mo.' Ho bent over her hand and kissed it without speaking. Before Mercy lie could eay nothing. Besides, did Lady George's words really mean the crowing of all his hopes ? He could scarcely believe it possible. That fragile life still lay between him and happiness. 