CHAPTER XIII. The Quarter Boai. "WAS wearied iu liml) and profound ly morcd inspirit, but I was not sleepy. I was overwhelmed by the spectacle -of ocean desolation. The solitude was made infinite by the far-reaching stars, and by tho smoking look of the dusk at the horizon, and by the in numerable murmur of wators about the reefs, and by that pallid vision of wreck which did indeed show in that light like the very ghost of tho Glendowcr. All sorts of strange sounds broke from the birds sleeping about tho island. But the land crab crawled on tho white sand, and his march was silent, unless a number fell foul, and then you eould hoar the grinding over one another's backs. There would ho no moon till late. I saw no motion in the men near the boat, and thoss in the boat lay still. Though our neodB were common, and the distress of every man as great ds another'6, yet already, extraordinary to relate, our shipwrecked party had farmed themselves into two colonies, and each ode viewed the other with . distrust, I quite clearly saw that the men did not mean to include me in any scheme they had projected, and thus I judged that they looked upon me as an enemy, one to he watched and to he kept off. Human passion is the same, whether in the populous city or on the barren reef. I have heard of two men who were cast away upon a little island. They had nobody to speak to but each other. So keen was the sense of their desperate condition that, like Crusoe, they would wring their hands in the misery of their hearts, and gaze with the looks of madmen at that brain swelling breast of sea, which swept measureless into the sky all round them, yet was never once broken by a sail. But these two could not agree. They fell into arguments about eternity, lost their tempers, and decided upon separat ing. So one man went to live upon the other side of the island, where he was hidden from his mate by inter vening hummocks and hilly ranges. Bays passed, months passed. A ship hove into sight, drew close, and sent a boat ashore for water. They took aboard the living skeleton of a man.who could scarcely speak. He appeared to have lost the knowledge of word3. TVhen they had hoisted him over the side. he was heard to mutter : 'There is another.' On which the boat returned to the island, and the sailors hallooed and searched, and arriving on the eastern side they found the remains of a man lying in rags, with his skull resting upon his skeleton wrist.- Such is human nature. The stars wheeled and flashed. 'A little air would come in fitful dusky moans out of the sea. I peeped into the tent, and saw that Belle was asleep. Then squatting afresh I folded my arms, and dropped off into an uneasy doze. I was startled by what I believed the sound of thunder or the report of a gun. But I did not need this to awaken me, for probably alarmed by the noise, the monkey, that had been sleeping by my side, sprang upon my knees, and I jumped, to my feet in consternation, throwing the alarming brute away. What could it have been? I stared all round the sea, but saw not the least wink of lightning; there was not a; cloud in the sky. I explored the dusky surface of the deep with my eyes in search of a ship, hut nothing was visible. Whatever the noise might have been, it hod not disturbed, the sleepers near the boat and in it, and Belle continued to sleep. I made up my mind to consider that it had been a little shock of earthquake, and then squatted afresh and dozed as before. Some time between five and six the dawn broke, and I was then awake, and waiting for it. The flash of the sun was the revelation of a day of high splendour and tropio peace. I looked eagerly round the sea, until my eyes going to the stem of the wreck I stated: I understood at once the canse of that strange midnight noise. The wreck had slipped some feet off the rook, depressing the stern and lifting the brass rail at the break of the poop above the water line. The cabin win dows flashed, stars of the sun burnt in the brass work, the deok was no longer an abrupt steep, and I stood for some miflutes gazing ' thoughtfully at the boats which continued to. hang in the davits. One body only had come ashore in the night. It lay on the loft about two hundred yardB distant from where the boy and the boatswnin rested under the pall of sailcloth. More cargo had floated on the beach during those hours of darkness. I noticed a number of piano forte cases, and large white boxes marked with a cross and the letter "R," of the contents of which I was ignorant. -The moment the sun rose all the birds on the two islands, with a few excep tions, flew up into the air with an extraordinary noise. The vibrant sound was like the note of a gong falling down reverberant from the brassy morning sky in the middle of the heavens. The monkey was filled with horror, and fled as before in all directions. Jt truly seemed as though he was going through a part, for whon tho birds, having reached a certain height, divided into two olouds, the oreature squatted down and watched them sail away with the most mournful hangdog expression you could imagine. "Whilst I stood looking at the-wreck a hand was lightly laid upon my shoulder. It was Belle. A woman in her staTS is not considered to he dressed; but had this girl been flounced out in a morning gown of the loveliest pattern at the sweetest'price, I should not hare found her prettier. I liked the exhibi tion of her well turned little feet under her short petticoats. One saw how well made she was, toq; there was no pad ding, no'stuffing, no wadding; all.was beauty, and nature, and lore. Her hair was as dry as hay. The light of the morning was in her eyes, and the fresh ness of its rose was on her cheeks. She told me she had slept soundly. I pointed to the wreck and bade her observe how the after part had settled down by the stern. ' How long are we going to remain, Walter ? And what is your scheme if the men should abandon us?' • As she asked this question, the figures . lying near the boat stirred, shed their piece of sailcloth each man as though ha had belonged to some kingdom of gigan tic grubs, then they rose, straining their arms and yawning. The others in the boat came out, and the seven men stood around her, carefully looking about -them. I forebore to -answer Belle's question whilst 1 watched them. I then told her to go and sit in the tent, as the less the sailors saw of her the better, and putting on an eaBy, lounging air I walked oyer to the men. They looked uncommonly shaggy and - surly and bloodshot in the piercing light, and shifted uneasily ;' two or three of them even turning their hacks as I advanced. I sang out cheerily, ' Good morning, my lads.' 'Good morning,' one or two answered. ' I've come for some breakfast. Do .you notice the meek ?' ' Ay, she'B settled a hit,' one man replied. 'Areyou going to leave.this reef to-day?'said I. ' No,' said the man who had last: spoken. ' You don't mind giving me and the : lady a chance for onr lives? saidT. ■ At this those who had their hacks npon me tnraed, and they all stared. 'Why do you ask that question? said one of them. -' There are two boats left aboard that wreck,' said I, ' and I should be very much obliged if you would put me aboard in your boat, and help me t<>. bring that quarter boat there ashore.' J After a pause, which marked, I thought, some surprise and confusion in ithe men, one of them said: 'Oh, yes, we'll put you aboard, and help you to r lower that boat. We'll do it after we've had some breakfast. That'll he to under-' stand by so doing that you and us CSS ' shift for ourselves.' ' All right,' I said, and-with all the coolness I could summon I walked to the wine cases and other cases, and took what I wanted and walked slowly towards the tent. I could hear the men buzzing in talk It was now certain it had been then intention to give us the slip j thank God that the wreck still remained te yield me a boat, or our plight must ' have meant death. As third mate ol the vessel I had no particular know ledge of the commodities she carried. I had not helped to stow her. As I have said, I was simply a senior mid shipman, in receipt of a ponnd a month for looking after the other midshipmen, and nicknamed ' third mate.' Was it known to these men, or suspected by them, that the ship was carrying specie, and that some of it in boxes might wash np? They would consider one box good booty, very well worth waiting for—it might contain a thousand sovereigns. I could not but think that in estranging themselves from me they had some hope or motive larger than might he explained by the valuables and money they had met with in the passengers' baggage. _ , Deeply musing, I entered the tent with my arms, fall of drink and food, and found Belle sitting in her canvas bed laughing at the monkey; in fact, a merry laugh broke from her as I entered. . ' I am certain he has been an actor, she exclaimed, getting np, and then; with a- swift change to gravity, she said : ' Have you spoken to the men?' 1 Yes.' ^ '■ • Are they brutal V 'I am going with them after they have breakfasted to get one of the boats from the wreok; we will water and provision her. and sail away at once.' ' At once!' she cried. She wad startled, and, looking down at herself, said: ' Walter, cannot you find me ft' dress? . r . - «I "will'see to. that,' I answered. ♦Let 11s now get some breakfast.' I had unconsciously brought away some champagne. I had thought. it was Burgundy. It foamed pleasantly, hut tasted strangely in the tin out of which we drank it. * Belle was thirsty and hungry, and so was I, and so was the monkey. Wo had cold water at hand for the monkey, and wo made as hearty a meal as though our dangers wero at an end, and. all was well with ■us. She asked me where I should steer the boat to, and I answered that I should probably try for Pcrnambuco, hut I was afraid that we should have to go away without a compass. 'In that ease,* said I, ' the further we draw from these reefs the bigger will grow our chance of being rescued.' The men were eating and drinking near their boat. The picture, despite the splendour of the morning, was- full of forlornness. . It was sad to see the bodies lying upon the beach of the other island, and to know- that they must remain unburied. This flushed me with a resolution to dig a hole with a stretcher to put little Boy ton's remains in whilst the men breakfasted, but being without a cap, and, observing that .the head of the figure that had come ashore during the night was covered, I went down to it. It was Curling. He lay oa his hack, and his face stared up at the sky. He had probably been drowned some time before he was washed ashore, and his j struggle had been an easy one. He had met death with a - smile, and tho spirit I had noticed in him at the last still seemed to bo visible in.his counten ance. I used to laugh at him for his religious convictions and efforts, yet could not but now think, as I looked down upon him, that he had done well to lead an honest life aud to live both in the fear and the love of God. •' I took his cap from bis head and put it oh mine. I also removed his gold watch and silver chain, with (the intention of giving thejn up to his people, should I be preserved. With a shudder of loathing I knocked away some land crabs which were creeping about him, and went to the piece of canvass under which lay tho other two ~ bodies. I lifted a corner, but—oh, my God! what did 1 see'? I shrieked like a girl Never before nor since did I receive.so .violent a shock. The faces: of both boy aud man had been denuded entirely of flesh by the crabs. Two ! grinning skulls reposed side by side, j and one of them was that of a. little { gentleman, one who had been a; romantic dreamer, a -poet in heart, with the fire of genius iuhisspirit. I could not leave him-to lie like that, however it must go with the others, and sick ox Eonl I went to work with my stretcher. .1 could have plied no clumsier contriv ance to, dig a grave in the sand., I made a hole, but, with infinite labour, lor the stretcher, threw up mere spoon fuls, and the silver sand was like water, and streamed.down as fast asj fiungit out. • At last I dug'a grave big efibugh to receive this poor little hoy, aud then I fetched his body and laid him in_his tomb. I covered him quickly, for the sight would have-conquered n stronger spirit than, mine, and when he . was hidden I pulled. .oil my cap, and knelt down and said a short prayer. . The men had finished their breakfast, and they had unshipped the awning of the boat, and one was now shouting to me to come along, as they wore • all ready. I lifted my arm in motion of assent. Belle stood in the door of the tent. ' "Where arc you going:' she asked. ' To the.wreck for a boat.' ' I shall be left alone.'. •I shall not be long gone,' said I; hut she was white and speechless as I passed on. It was no part of. my scheme, however, to irritate the men by keeping them waiting. I was sure it would be all right with her, ana walked briskly to the boat. They aeemed im patient, aud when I was come the seven of them grasped the gunwales and drove the boat afloat. I waded after them end climbed into her. Three of the men waded ashore, and this I had not foreseen. It made me very uneasy to think of Belle, for even an hour alone with three of those seven rascals. How ever 1 composed . my face, and consoled myself with, reflecting that in every thing that relates to the sea, a great deal must be left to chance. - -. - I sat in the sternpsheets, and would wot even Upk behind me, list the mcii should' think .I was- suspicious of their shipmates. . Tbo four . sailors threw their oars over, and wb proceeded very cautiously." They had not shipped a rudder,' and they steered with their oars. I ventured to say : . 'Do you intend to go to Pernambueo when you leave the reef f ' We hain't made up our minds to anyr thing,1 answered the fellow who pulled stroke. ' Anyhow, I'm for giving the l'oituguese a wide berth.' I asked no more questions, and we gained the side of the wreck. ; Three of the men and I sprang' into . the mizzen-chains, and clambered on to the poop. The fabric had settled down out of the violent slope of the plank, aud motion was easy. Impatient as the fellows were, they could not but pause with a sort of gasp when they looked around them at that picture of wreck, and saw . their old forecastle like a figure of charcoal ahead yonder, and all between, water. I peered over the starboard side, and saw a boat still afloat, with the blocks of its falls hooked into it, when I guessed that the desperate angle of the. deck had not been allowed for, so that the boat was lowered at that angle, and threw everybody out of her. This is niere surmise, It is certain the boat was lowered.. - I took a swift view of the reef,, and'j saw the three men knocking open some of the cargo, down by the water's edge! This lightened, my spirits, and it was a| satisfaction likewise to me to have them in new. : ' "Which boat 'ull be your choice ? ' said one of the sailors. ' Oh, the quarter boat,' I answered, for the gig that hung at the stern had not this boat's seaworthy properties. She was long and slender, was fitted with brass rowlocks, and was built for rowing. The quarter boat, on the other hand, was fitted with air boxes, which made a lifeboat of her. Her sail lay in her, stowed to its mast. In her, always in readiness—for the boats had been under my special charge—lay a large breaker of fresh water, a rudder and yoke with lines, four oars, and a bailer aud plug. I do not remember that more. fumituro than this went to her. I looked through the skylight window,' and saw that the water on the cabin floor, owing to the tilt of the deck, washed no further aft than the. companion steps, so that the cabins under tbe wheel could be catered. One of these cabins bad been Bowser's, tbe other the chief mate's. I said to the men : ' Before you lower the boat I want to overhaul the captain's cabin for nautical instruments and charts, to ascertain where we are.' 1 Ain't it under water ? said a man, walking to the skylight. . \- ' Ifo,'said -1, and the three of them followed me down the companion steps. It was like going to the. bottom, of 1 the sea to dcsceud into this interior. A ' surface of water, green, dark, gleam ! ing, swept from tho foot of the com j pinion ladder to about midway the ; height of the cuddy front. The scene iwas instautly made ghastly by the [ apparition of two dead bodies, in each : other's arms, floating in the port comer, , forward. The light there was so bad, lowing to tho dusk thrown into the : atmosphere by the green brine", that I ' could not distinguish whether they were men or women. But it was no moment ' for sentiment. Indeed, the fabric of ■ wreck might, at any instant, slip again, and add four more imprisoned bodies to j these two. So, without pausing to muse upon this dreadful soaked picture of deadly, motionless water, mirrors mock ingly sparkling over it, the piano with its associations of song and laughter, tlic table which had been regularly filled [day after day by hungry, passengers, with poor Bowser's jolly fat luce, glow , ing like the rising moon at the head of ■ it, I passed swiftly into the captain's : cabin, and was followed by the men. This was a large, room well lighted by a stem window,, and liberally, furnished with all necessary sea appliances. My ;cyo was immediately taken by a boat's Icoinpass upon the tablet'.. Everything hadslided down to the batten or coara: ing. I left the chronometers, hut.took] ..Bowser's, sextant, telescope, ,, certain i ' nautical works, and, as . quickly, as'j ;possible, I overhauled a quantity of! i charts .whilst, the .men, searched, tbe j •I lockers—for what, I did hot asjc—and : I never once looked at them. I thought jl heard; the clink'ofmoney,r and.. itj was not to be supposed that the captain j,would come to sea without a bag or two \- of sovereigns. . • • I took from a peg a warm coat that had belonged to Bowser—it would make a good rug for Belle in the boat —and distributing the articles, for J could not carry ■ all, I led the way up the companion steps, and saw that the compass and telescope were safely placed in the locker in :the sjcrh sheets of the quarter boat. -The coat, chart, and oue or two other matters were next placed in the boat, which was ' then lowered. The men behaved civilly. Something' of their old Rense : of discip line seemed to have returned to, them with this, scene, of the ill-fated ship's poop. It was not forme, however,- to tell them that they were without a compass. They had meant to give. me the slip. What had I to thalik them for.? "Why "should I offer them good advice ?' Be sides, for .all I knew, some wild idea might possess them of .sailing east, instead of west by the sun, for sailors, when undiscipliued and let loose, are fools;, they commit the unfathomable follies of the idiot; they are as hope lesslyromautieassmail schoolboys in their schemes; and they are as capricious as the gulls which wheel about -the sea. Hot one : of these men knew what to do with a sextant, and a compass would be of little use to them, if they . were unable to set themselves a course. But that was their concern.- , 1 sprang on to the rail, and desconded hand .over hand by the falls iota the boat, out of which I throw the blocks. The men-entered their boat by the mizzeii channels, and when they had made fast the painter of my boat they towed inc to the reef. The three men were still among the cargo down in the crawling surf, and I saw Belle watch ing us in the shadow of the door of her tent. As we went along I gazed about very carefully for any signs of. dead bodies, but saw none, nor did I see *nny sharks, from which. I infer that those horrible,, deadly creatures were too prudent to enter into a network of shoals, otherwise such a ghastly picnic of dead bodies as that wreck provided must certainly have made a .very ceme tery of those waters, with, the tomb stones of wet, black fins. Vv L- gained the reef. _ The men sprang out, and all seven drew their boat high and "dry; they let mine lie nuzzling.the three or four wire-like lines of ripples wjiieh sang sweetly in thejsar in the freshness, of their delicate melting of foam. .The boat lay safe stern on, and as I was anxious to get away at once, I asked the men to help- mo to provision her. This they did, for they seemed as eager that .I should he gone as I was to go. Tiiev filled the largo breaker in the hows with fresh water from one of the. casks. As there was a great abundance of provisions on the' beach, there could be. no excuse to stint mc, and I took in more than I thought we should ever he likely to need, along with some wine and chain, pagne- in eases.;... 1 .also'stockcd some, brandy in this boat, and regretted very much that I had not brought away .some tumblers and -wine-glasses from' tlifc wreck..' i 'But empty: meat-tins must suffice, and wllen .you are thirsty you/will not be choice in your drinking vesfel. - • ; . J£y next business was to And a dress and a hat.for Belle, and a few rugs. I said to ope of: the men : -. .'•lias anything washed up .hearing the lady's letters • • ~ ... '1, ain't seen nothing,' said he; ' P'raps it's stranded on t'other reef.' . f The.very few. things I want,' said I, in the full."Hearing of the others, ' will be of no use. to you,'and I hope you will allow me to help myself.' . . • There's a box full of female wearing clothes down yonder,' said one of tho men, pointing, to a. large Black trunk soine hundred feet distant, and dragged well nlear.of the water.-. , . I ' Is it locked ?' , ' It's been hasted !'. " . -y X went quickly,, to. it,, and by, the initials saw. that it had belonged $o Miss iBavkpr. The;men had thoroughly over hauled it,' and then stuffed the'things in : again,'leaving a few. odds,and ends put : side. I quite saw that -their, wh'ole.and sole intent .was.money and. jewellery, tand then there was grog and good living jto last them a month, and perhaps two, I They would not want.eycii a, third mate to keep au eye'upon them. -They.were ; poor, dirty, discontented, drunken sailors [ who, when , they arrived, at a, port, would fall into the hands of a crimp, and-be drugged, ,robbed, and shipped-ofi afresh, all as cas}' as- lighting a -pipe. WhysHouM not they -find n little •paradise in a bare reef under these melt ing ' heavens ? Tho ■' ship " had carried rum as consigned freight, in addition to stores, and the stuff haH come wiling in as though every cask' had been alive, and knew that tipsy sailors were waiting for it. Jfcnee, what with it and the wines and spirits, the hams and foods in cans, and the.pork and. beef which ha'd also arrived; shipwreck hnd provided these'fellows with a sumptuous plenty; they were not likely to hear of such delicacies ashore, and add to this the jewellery and valuables belonging to the passengers, and such gold as tho ship might have been carrying. In the poor lady's box it. is needless to say X found what I wanted.. I took a light dress; and a couple of .wafin shawls, and a sailor's straw hat, a little broken by, the rough handling' of the hien. - Thus equipped X.-walked tqlhe tent, calling to the seamen as: I passed them : ' You see,: my, lads,.- ourwiints are very.small.!-'-'- -- , - v ■ Belle was as rejoiced at-my - return as if I had been away'a.month.. She coloured, hotly, . lier 'ejies sparkled, she stammered with delight; she had cer tainly heed afraid. of; the three,men. we had left behind, us. She put on Hiss Parker's dress,i"ami received-the bruised straw hat.as gratefully, its if she been in London and X had just arrived from Paris with something noble Xh mil linery. . Come along,' said I, and she came out of the tent,- and we walked.to tho boat. I hoisted her in, threw the shawls in after her, then begged n man to fetch me a piece of sailcloth from the tent to serve as .an awning, and whilst he" wa3 gone I cut off some rope's ends lying about the beach, and these I also throw into the boat. The man re turned with the piece of canvas. ^ | ' You'll want stanchions for it,' said, one of the sailors, and he dropped" the lid of n wine case over the boat's hows. J Got your linife'on yer?' he asked. - ' Yes,' I answered. ' Let me coil this painter down, ifow, my lads, you can shove me ofi.' .. , • . I.stood in dho hows of the boat grasp iog an oar,. whilst the , men, thrust the boat off theliiSaeh. . - '-Goodbye,' said I, 'I may hoar of you again.' > ... - . "' . . . f Goodbye, sir,' they ^answered, and they stood in a group, grinning, and, watching ns; and that was all they said, and hut two or three said it Iliad got the boat's head round, but did not chose to ship the rudder until we were clear of the reefs. .1 threw an bar ever the 6tern and sculled slowly and very warily. The men receded, their figures diminished, the black fore castle drew near, and we passed the Glen dower's poop and stern, with the cabin windows flashing long lines of light into the dark blue placid water under them. It .was strange to noticehow small those reefs.looked when we were only a little way- off, and I marvelled that" the volume of the'sea in such wrath as that as-had wrecked our ship did not sweep them,into wild, beds of foam. Belle did not -speak a word; she stared .with horror at the poop of the wreck, and then I.'.would' sec her gaze wandering into . the eternity of waters which lay outside .the reefs. It did not take long to go clear of those deadly shoals, and when I saw there were no more fangs of-rock about us and that our little boat was .afloat On-- fathomless water, 'I shipped the rudder, then stepped the mast ' and hoisted the sail, and jumped aft with the sheet in my hand to Belle's side to examinc-the chart. -AH i of . a. sudden ; 1 .was attracted by yells and'cries'from" the beach, and standing tip and looking- behind mo, I saw the men pointihg to the water and making signs to hie to return., I .was startled; indeed, I may say. l was -very much alarmed. ... , ' ' • . . _ ' What do. they intend by recalling you ?' Belle cried.;. \Ob, don't go hack to them!' ... . And in truth my first impulse wasfor holding straight on ; hut reflecting that if they meant, .me to return 'tliey'could sweep their boat*;by four powerful oars, and had therefore nothing to do but. to fetch me, I lowered, the sail, unshipped the rudder, and sculled the heat's head : "round, . wondering what the- fellows ijiheiint by. pointing at the water and i shouting.- 'That reef; only shows about ; I eight feet,, of v-side I at.; high Water, and; when you are some distance off, pooplo standing, on it seem'to be walking on--.J tbo surface of "the son,'and so the men appeared. . • I continued to scull, trying to make Bello'belicve'that the men meant 'no" mischief. "Why should- they hava' sent' 'us..off with a cargo of plenty to cat and " ' "* drink ? Not, surely, for so idle a motive' as' to halloo to us to return.Whilst It ei1 talked;'I sculled the boat abreast of tho . 6tcrn of the wreck./ A man who sculls ■ <i has his back'upon the hows;;. I paused- ; ' here' to. look, ahead, and . immediately 1 t caught'sight of what resembled a cocoa- ' nut coming along at us 'on top of a ■; current. '. . '.-" ""'" Tho monkey IV shonted'Bello, whoso"" fright found 'expression in n fit of hysteric luughter. ..." - v :. The monkey it was; a twist or twoV of. the blade of the oaf sent the boat alongside of him, where he lay shooting out like a frog, and leaning over the /unwale,. I collared the: beggar . and • i; lifted him, dripping, oyer the side. -. P do , not want to. make , too much of a this, .incident, for even as it stands it . may be doubted by those whose business V lies in cities .and not ,in deep waters.. But I ,wUT say, 'nevertheless, that if ever the nature.of.man was.confessed m. ■•■■■. the, brute beast," it\ was. visible in the :z' .behaviour of that; monkey after I had picked it up. ; I ;do not say it was 1 • grateful, that would not have been the nature of man, but -ho. chattered with . evident appreciation 'of his good lnck, hugged himself, and made muoh of nfm self, and with his hangman's face was a sight to visit ono in dreams. Once again I turned the boat's head for tho : s open, and sculled her with plenty of power of limb,, and the men, who had A continued to watch ns, never sent a: second cry of farewell after us, nor even ■ so muoh as flourished an arm of ' god a speed.' • ; , [to he cosTuniED sext week J 