Stem4 of Sntere4l The steam power of tbe world may be reckoned aa equivalent to tho strength of 1,000,000,000 men, which ia moro than twice tbo numbei of workmen existing. The Dublin corporation has elected James Egan to the office of city swordbearer. Egan was con victed of treason felony 15 yoara ago and sentenced ta 20 years' penal servitude. He waB released some time ago. Two persons playing dorainoB 10 hours a day, ana maKing rour Djovks a imuuuu cuutu wuuuw 118,000,000 yeara without exhausting all the com binations of the game, tha total of which iB 218,528, 221.8'tO, Not long ago Mr. HnBgall, M.P., informed the House that when ho was a boy many youngsters had to learn the alphabet from the brands of cattle, and tbey managed to learn it vory well, too. The trouble in those days waB that some out-baok people got too proficient at the art of dealing with brands. One hundred and seven witnesses were recently summoned to appear iu the Court of Common Pleas at Ravenna (Ohio, U.S. A.), in a case wherein Mary Ellen Rogers sued 'Voloey Rogers for divorce on the ground that, haviog lived with her forty years, he had never taken her anywhere, not even to ch'reh. The agad writer of ' Festus,' Mr. Philip 'James Bailey, in the course o£ a recent conversation, which is reported in one of the magazines, found some fault with an interviewer who had described, witn somo minuteness, the poet's dress and domestic habirs. Such things, he holds, should bo withheld from print. In Geneva there ia an electrical postman, or at least a subntituta for tho postman. In high houseB letters rightly droppad into the box provided ring an electrical bell on the floor to which they ace going, and actuate an automatic hydraulic lift, which carries tha letter up to the floor, and des:endB to be ready for the next. / The kiwi hails from New Zealand, and is a rare bird. It is perfectly wingless, and not a Bign of hair or feathers protects the eyea. This gives the kiwi a comical look. It ia almost wholly nocturnal in its habits. Like the owl of the north, the set ing of the son means tho beginning of life to them. Then they hop about like rabbits. They aro really the clowns of tho fowl world. The young Duke of Roxburghe, who recsntly attained ni3 majority, is one or cne cleverest oi our young peers; and if his present promise riponB into achievement, his career is likely to rival that of Lord Rosebery or Lord Landsdowne. The Duke is rich in land and titles. He owns 60,000 acres and the stately castle of Pioora; and possesses every title from baronet to duke. Thnre is a woman living in the State of Georgia, who haatwo hundred and thirty-five living children, grand-children, great-grandchildren, and great great-grandchildren. In addition to these, seventy five of her descendants are dead, bringing up the grand total to three hundred and ten. The old lady's name is Sallie Shiver. She is ninety years old, and makes a point of visiting all her descen dants in regular order. Indiarubbar shoes were formerly given awav in order to introduce them. The firBt ir.diarubber Bhoes were made in 1842 by the Candee Company, New Haven, U.S.A.. but they could not sell a pair, i So they took round a big basket full from house to house and gave the =hoes away. Next year they | made and sold from 30 to 40 pairs a day. At the present time their output is about 30,000 pairs a I day all the year round. A generation ago Miss B^temau wbb ope of the most prominent actresses in London, and hnr famous impersonation if ' Leah' was familiar in every town in Great B.-itiin. Por many years now she has been little seen by the public, but has partially emerged from hsr retirement to accept, in association with Mr; F. H. Macklin and Miss Olive Stettin, the office of examiner in elocution at the London Guildhall School of Music. Mra. Navarro (Mary Anderson) accompanied by her : husband, is in Paris, where she will remain during the winter for the purpose of cultivating her voice under a leading teacher. In an inter view1 ahe said Bhe did not intend to, become a uublio singer, though she would not be averse to occasion ally making an unprofessional appearance. She did not imagine that her voice was a phsnomenal one, but it seemed to be worth cultivating. An average waltz takes a dancer over about three-quarters of a mile, a square dance makes him ftnvpr VtftlP n. mila A irjrl o ?mall^fill^ gramme travels thus in oce evening : Twelve waltzes, nine miles j four other dances at half a mile apiece, which io hardly a fairly big estimate, two miles more. The intermission 'stroll, and the trips to the dressing room to renovate her gown and complexion, half a mile ; grand total, eleven and a half miles. According to Slatin Pacha, the fall of Omdur man will have a depressing effect on the ivory market. The Khalifa has for yeara been collecting great stores ot ivory, as a kind of sinking fund, and if these stores are found there will be enough to flood the market. Thus the Soudan campaign'may have the direct effect of enhancing the pleasure of the Young Men's Christian Association by giving its mumbers ivorv instead of compoaition billiards balls to nlav with. Speaking of the arrivals in connection with the Cup a Melbourne hotel-keeper states ' It is alao noticeable that an unusual number of shire presi dents and secretaries and members of local bodies prenerally are in town on official business just now. It is -a good time to ' Bee the Premier' and to ' consult about the municipal subsidy.' Every room i have haB been booked days ahead, and not by racing men either. I think there must be some church conference on, as th^re are several clergy men amongst my guests. You see, it iB a good time to hold a conference, as ao many people are away from home at this time of the year.' | Strange thingB are put to auction at times, but rarely is Buch a curious lot submitted to the public as wab offered by the Sheriff on Fiilay at the arbitration court of the Supreme Court. It was described as 'all the right, title, and interest cf Gt?orge On Lee, the defendant of in and to a certain debt of £7 due by oni- Jimmy Ab Fat to fchs Baid George Oo Lee, and for the sale of whioh debt an order was made by bis Honor Mr. Justice Walker on September 25 last.' The sale arose oat of the action of Pilchur and' another v. George On Lee. After a few' facetious remarks by the Sheriff's officor, .£1 waa offered, eventually the debt being knoilred down fcr £3 10?. The East Grittatead (Eng.) Guardiana have had under consideration an upplieation from the medical officer that the bwd should purchase avBet of false teeth for a female inmate. It was reported that ahe had not a tooth in her head, and being unable to masticate her food suffered from indigestion. A member suggested tbe board should grant the applicacion, but that the teeth should remain the property of the guardiana. (Laughter,) Others argued that the application was a seriouB matter, because if they once supplied teeth tbey might receive applications from ' all over the place,' and people would come into the house on purpose to get a new set |o£ teeth. The board decided that tho cost should not exceed £3 10s, nnd that the teeth should be ' lent' tothe inmate. A schoolboy is credited with writing the follow ing i Titus was a Roman Emperor, supposed to have written the ' Epistle of the Hebrews.' His other name wasOatea. Oliver Cromwell was a man 'ho was put into prison for his interference in Ire land. When ho was in' prison he wrote 'The Pil grim's Progress,' and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea. Wolsey was a famouB general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being deoapitated several times, said to Cromwell. 'Ah, * u.vi vuij - you ub you nave Berved me, I would not have been deserted iu my old age !' Wesley waa the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel who was afterwards called Lord Wellington. A manument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been tskoo /down Jafcely* Hfimlofe *vta8 weak minded; fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his dnty whioh the ghost had told him. He was very good to hia mother. Ho profanes madneas, he really only puta it on, but somo people Bay he waa mad. Ono day when he was fighting, the king naked him if he would have something to drink, ond he had put poison in it, and Hamlet said he would wait, the queen took it and then she falls down dead. Hamlet immediately staba hia father and drmks the poison and dies. Explain the words fort and fortress : A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress ia n place to pnt women in. The two chief .Tolosnoes ia Europe i Spdow and Qomorwli, 