A STEEPLEJACK'S STORY. It happened at one of the big, busy towns awny north, years ago. Years! But let me just close my oyos-aud I am up, swinging between heaven and earth ngnin; I can sec those black dots moving between the houses far below, the smoke curling everywhere, the river twisting like a silver snnke, and noovo mo the sun In Hint blue sky— that I thought I was staring at for quite the last time. Katie, too, who had at last chosen between Jim Carroll anil nto, and hnd put my ring on her finger only that week before —It spelled good- hy to lier, too! How a man's thoughts dance and travel when his life hangs in the balance. - Why, the length and breadth of the whole tragedy passed before mc In those few minutes. That night— that night In our rooms at Man chester, when Boy Jim hnd walked In late and come behind me— that was the real be ginning. "Yes, It's mc— and I've seen her!" Thevery voice told me that ho hnd nerved himself to some unsuspected struggle. "I don't brag- but what If I tell you I've halved the chances there? For I have!" Well, I could have, laughed right out hut for the little stab of fear and surprise. Boy Jim. Well, it was years since he bad left his bad home and come to work- and live with mo; but, somehow, ho still scorned the hoy, with his white, womanish face, wavy brown linlr, and far-fetched Ideas. He hnd shot past me In height, but there was so much of the big brother In my feeling, that I still made a point of climbing a shaft or steeple ahead of him, to make sure, and al ways made liiui fix a ladder where I would hang myself by a mere rope noose, i i1''10,,"!",0 m"l!nor!"— that was what ho had called her; jokingly at first, then seri ously enough. Night after night we had met her, tripping along home ns If the world was made and polished for her; and certainly her way of look-lag and speaking, when It came to that, was something to make any ordinary nun's heart bent faster. Yet, up to now, It had never struck mc properly tlint my case might be Hoy Jim's. And for lilm to come 111 and say that— Just ns I sat building up a proposal of marriage anil a cosy little home iii my stuokc rings. No, 1 hardly knew whether to laugh or flash out with a sneer. It seemed so preposterous. Boy Jim I "Oh!" I said at last. "That's uews. Leave that till to-morrow." "No, we will settle it now," and I spun round, to hold my breath. Boy Jim's eyes shone in the whitest face; till that moment I must have been dreaming on In the blind est way. There we stood, staring nt each other— the tragedy widening visibly be tween. "There," he ran on, with a sort of sob. "It's come to this; I'm a man as much as you, Teddy, and I don't want it to come to a quarrel. I've asked hor plain to-night which of ns It was to he, and she couldn't, or wouldn't, answer It. That means, one Is working ngnlnst the other and making a flirt of the girl— and one must stand out. Yes, there's no other way. I might trick you, but I won't. You anil I, Teddy— there, I'll take your word ns you'll take mine. , . . . . It's down. Call to that, quick — and lf'you win, there's your road clear this minute;" ' 1 Tlmt wiib It. Boy Jim stood with one shak ing baud over a coin. Fairly realise nil Unit he meant, or nil that had been at. work In his mind, I could not have done. I did half put out my hand, hut ho dashed It brick, with that same whisper: ' "Call! You must— you- shall!" And perhnps it was the first time I had seen tho muu leap up like that Boy Jim, or perhaps there was a sort of fascination In the covered coin. I don't know— only that .'I suddenly said: "Then— head!" Slowly his hnnd sl!d--"herid" It was. Whe ther I meant It or not, I hnd won; nnd some thing In Boy Jim's face mride me turn away at once. He never spoke; but thc ilmc: he stood there, looking nt that coin, . and the way he at Inst groped for the door, kept' me" < In a wakeful quiver knlf through that nlght; Oncc or twice, thinking I heard hini sriying, "ICntie! Katie!." over. nnd over to himself, I started up to talk tlio matter out; but that something hnd come between us. Next morn- lug ho lind left the house nt daylight I went to work alone, nnd It' hnd struck twelve be fore he came In— that haggard- and aged, I was on my feet before I knew It, with a "Jim! Stop this!" "Don't you, Toddy!" ho gasped out. "It's mc ngnlnst myself; I— Eve uot won yet. For heaven's sake, leave me1 alone— that's all!" And. I dill. I began to undcrstnnil, then, how far It had gone. For those next three or four days, nil Instinct of real fear made mc avoid him altogether. Such n fire must soon exhaust itself, I thought. Not until the fourth evening did the unnerving notion come to mc that Boy Jim might lie one of those who will brenk before tliey will bend. Just nftor (lark It was, when, ns I stood nt the usual corner waiting for Katie to come past, I thought I snw a white face peer ing from a doorway along tho street. Katie enmo that way! I had taken a few sharp Btrhles before I knew It; anil there, hanging back like n liunted thief, stood Boy Jhn. "Yon!" I snld, with us much four as pas sion. "It bus comb to this, hns It? Now. I shall know— now she shall know!" "Tedily!" Not that whisper, hut the slow, convulsive way he put his hands, brought great lumps swelling in tny- throat. Something might have happened, i then, (o change the whole nffnlr, but of a. sudden he jumped past me, nnd was gone.' Breath less. I watched— saw him make a swerve down n side street; there was our little iriii- llnor coming along ns If a sweetheart .wns unite the lust thing she expected to meet there. I know I took my resolution on tlio spot. She should choose that night. 'Boy Jim's face was haunting my dreams; If slie hesitated this time to give a definite answer —why, yes, I would stand off and let lilin have his ehance ... That was not to be —perhaps, Indeed, she half understood. Whe ther or no, when I said the words nt part- Ing, expecting her laugh to trill out, she turned away— I snw her lips begin to quiver. No mail so slow hut he knows tlmt sign! The ring wns left on Katie's finger when I (uracil about for home tlint night, rind I wns whispering Incredulously to myself— "Poor Jim! Poor Boy Jim!" In a whirl ns I wns. I know I walked the streets for hours, nnd that It was nearer two o'clock limn one when I mounted the stall's, meaning to tell lihn all at once, and so, If possible, end tho misery. There was a post card wailing In the sit- tlugroom. I rushed mi with It to the bed room. A little coincidence hnd happened— a eurlons one. eonslder-Ine Hint only that night T hail made sure of Kill to, nnd sent In my hill for the job we hail been working nt six weeks. "Jim! are you awake? Here's another .-fi-eple job. thirty miles nwa.v, over tlint "ale; The vnno and spltg> lip eni-i-leil off. I'm In go nt opee. or send a innn. What do ydu say to making a holiday of It? The, Jhn11" good In both' ways, No answer. Stubborn as that? Well, we Mould have It out now, once nnd for nil II lit tlio candle. . . . The bed there had I II ot been disturbed. Something in the queer silence told me that Boy Jim was gone— and gone for good. At what time wns It, on that smiling, ; never forgotten afternoon? Why, two o'clock, I of course! Yes; three days before I had said good-bye for n while to Katie, nnd left Man chester, still In that queer whirl. But that | wns ouly because In my heart I hnd said the ! same to Boy Jim for ever. It seemed I that I lmd won her at the cost of | the boy's future; that lump lmd come Into , my throat every time 1 walked Into our quiet i slttlngroom. I wus hard at work now on the steeple job to try and forget what had been. Quite a week It would occupy. A I lot of the' stone work hnd been displaced, ; nnd that hnd necessitated a slow driving la of stanchions upon which to build the plank platform round the spire top. 'I should he back nt Manchester In three or four days I for certain, I had said In a scribble to Katie j that dinner hour. I Utile knew, as I slipped , the letter Into a pillar box! I Yes; 2 o'clock had just struck wliou I got hack to the cliurcli— or the' cathedral, ns they called It there. There was always the knot of people standing to gnpe as I took the I giddy climb— by tho skin of my teeth, It i seemed to them; hut this time I wns sur- | prised to find quite a crowd holding lis breath and straining Its eyes there. Looking up, what should I see hut 'a creeping figure more than three pnrLs up the tapering stone work! , 'TBe-tbe fool!" I gasped. 'Who Is It? What Is he nt?" "A mndinnn got loose, they say," someone | whispered. "He must be; no sane man could , keep his footing like tlint. Why, he stood here staring up for a long time, tnlklug.riwny to himself; and the next thing we saw was lilm going up hnnd over hand." -: ( "No, it's a hot, nnd he'll do It!" Another struck In. "Ha, there goes his bat! ' Hfcts looking down— heavens! he'll let go! , N-no, he's up! riiew, that almost caused mv- lionrt to stand still!" J I knew I held my own bronth till the 'figure caught hold of the knotted rope I hnd fus- tencd round the steeple top, swung itself on to the little plank parapet, and disappeared. Two minutes later I was out nt the trap-door In the organ loft, nnd going up the Iron Ind- dor hung from Ihe belfry tower. From there to the scaffolding, full 60 foot, there were only iron rings for the hands nnd 0-IneU pegs for the feet— safe enough in a sense, while yet a slip might mean sudden death 1 slipped up sinnrt. I knew the crowd wns watching nml wondering down there, and It was a morsel of unexpected excitement that would nt least spell nu advertisement. Half way up, I even thought I heard a cheer. And not once, queerly enough, until I i-encli- ed the Inst peg nnd caught nt tho rope noose, (lid It come Into my mind that there might be nil clement of dnngor In tho excitement. I billy thought of getting to the platform to sec who the daring fool mlghl be— perhaps I even lind nn Idea that he meant to steal the tools I hail left up there. Anyhow, I did think to try the rope before letting go. Quite firm. ' "Halloa, there!" I sang out, and started to pull myself up. Simultaneously— shall I over forgot the sonsatlou?— the rope seemed to give. I hud been almost touching the planks— they sudednly shot up-I bad drop ped as though n trap-door had given way beneath me. My teeth clicked with the shock, and everything went blood-rod for the moment. I closed my eyes to shut out what seemed death Itself. Only for an Instant: A scream from just above had answered me — nn ecstatic seronm that; must ring through my dreams for mnny n year yet to come. "Hold tight!. Hold tight! It's all right! I won't let go!" ; That was It. I stared wildly up. ' Through the blinding; unnatural mist between me and that lovely blue sky, I snw. that I lind only dropped 5 or 0 feet, and I saw —Boy Jim's face laughing and nodding over the edge of the woodwork, his wavy hair fluttering In the breeze. I'nrnlysed? Near it! I could only stare up with a sort of slek, Incredulous fascination. It was not so much the awful fact tlirit lie was "pulling nt the other end or the. rope, as the revelation of his being up there,; nnd tlint he could lnagli ns I swung nnd clniig desperately over I hat deadly blank: Attempt to climb up I could not for the moment. It seemed that I had only to move a muscle, and I should go down with a rush— perhaps dragging him over. Yes; even ns It was, the .distance between us was In creasing by Inches. "Middling close, that, mate!" He laughed right out. "You Just let mc cut the splicing and unwind a turn when you pulled, u»d all but had mc over. I ..was going to give poor Teddy such n scare! But yon can't come up here, you know. I'm waiting for Teddy Dris- coll— he's on this job. , . , Don't pull so, you're heavy!" . ; Oh, the nameless horror of It— to feel thnt the Insane fellow might nt any moment let the other end go, mid launch mc Into eter nity like tlmt! For even In such a moment the voice, the look, 111 Boy Jim's wide blown eyes, and the way he stood tugging on the very brink, hnd told me Hint much of the truth— mail!— Boy Jim 1 and I "Jim, hoy, don't— don't!" I Btrnlned my throat; but It wus only a husky gurgle. "You know, your old mate— Teddy !" ; "What!" lie said, sncerlngly. He seemed tb .be taking a tiirn of the rope about his chest, nml fastening It. "You're no Teddy, nnd I'm no fool. Why, he's got n color like tan, the man I' mean; you're no white n's a ghost! Down you go; wo shan't want lis teners; He's going to inarry her! It's all settled— did you know that? And I'm to bo there. I forgot nil about It till lust night, when I wns watching the house. . . . Ah! Teddy's artful; he's hanging this job out, like the rest! But he's lieen a brother to me. I love tlint man,. I tell you! . . . Aren't you going? You won't? Then I'll " He was slinking the rope nnd pointing one of my own chisels for a throw. And still the rope Btrnlned and slipped, nnd the wood work might give wtiy nt any moment. "Jim, don't! It's mc— Teddy! It's me!" was all I could gasp. As I hung, "I was too far out to think of catching nt the nearest ring In the stone work; the position of the rope hnd altered quite. ... I gripped my teeth, and collected my wits by a great effort. The only way was, to get' up to that platform, and trust to chance for the vest. My hands were aching, already with the strain— In a minute I might not he able to do It. l'erlmps those liclmv had divined that something wns wrong; hut help nt this height, If not out of the question, must coine too Into. And life — heavens! life hnd never seemed so dear and sweet! "Here, Jim, boy!" I shouted It hoarsely,, of. a sudden. "I've got something hero for you — it's from Ivntle! You'll he surprised, pull tlmt end hard— bard; I'm coming up!" and, holding my breath, I had hoisted my- self two knots higher before he ronllsed. Then- — "You're a llarl" He screamed it down cnuuishly, and stamped his foot till the planking quivered. T'm waiting for Teddy; I know your game! You Will? Then . , . Stop, stop! I know — we'll have a sec-saw till he comes! Ha, ha! n swing at the top of the steeple! Keep back! Ready? I'll leave one turn of the rope round the spire, and pull against you! ' one, two, three — I'm over!" "Jlin! Jhn!" I shrieked, tiic sweat burst ing from every pore of me. Too lnte. He had done It — hnd run backwards and swung himself over the other side o'f the hit of scaffolding. Every hair on my head seemed to stand up like a red-hot wire. Why, the jerk had pulled me up to within a mere foot of the planks. Forgetting him quite, I Had all but clutched at the edge with both hands iu my frenzy of fear; and then— then my superior weight aud the effort together sent me down again. There wo hung, al most evenly balanced for the moment — nnd let any man conceive of a more awful posi tion, If he can. I was heavier than Boy Jlm—I was slipping down inch by inch; in another second the rope might slide with a rush and send us both toppling down to what? ... A momentary blank, I suppose, nccountcd for my Inaction. When I opened my eyes, and full J" realised,' tho fear had given -way to a deadly lethargy. The rope shook slight ly still. Doy Jim — I could not see him was kicking and shouting iu a .mad glee on the other side. If I got up and reached' that planking he must go down. . . ' For the first time I looked below — not straight!,-, hut sideways. I think I was saying a vague good-bye to Katie and the world— so that entlc-' Ing picture below burned itself Into my memory. There wns the stretch of end less roofs,- the curling smoke, the mov.lu'g dots, tlio .twisting river; afterwards, I even recollected the faint strains , from' a .bjuid of music being wafted up like a sound Only one turn round the spire. . I -. I ..was heavier' tlian . Boy Jim. . . . . C f'hfVSyTasscd. It must all" have happened InJC-fcw minutes. I stored up, at the blue sky again. Why, what wns I doing? Hanging there, waiting for death.A sort of mad desperation came over ine'rl only' saw thnt the planklng'was further above' ine -than ever, and had a wild detennluatiou to rencli it at riuy cost. Boy Jim's life, mlncT'or hoth.: Climb. I somehow could not; I freed due aching leg, struck out, and started swinging to and fro. To and frolnow I had a- good Impetus, and could almost touch with my foot the' stay' that, secured to/stanchions,- uphold that corner of the platform. One more wild swing, another, while the rope slipped lower nnd lower— nnd now, In- cteilihle as it seemed, I had flung both feet about the stay, and- was safe., Safe! -?,t But, tlirink heaven, la that moment of rcac-- tlon, I had just' sufficient sense left to realise that Boy Jim's llfe was now In my linuds. If I left go the rope. . . . No, I strained hard at It, as I clung;- gathering -strength and nerve for the final effort: vTUo- crucial danger gave me unnatural coolness. , "" Just the pause; then I bouud coll after coll about the stay, knotted it, took two wrench ing turns about my arm, : and: next, never knowing how I did It for. Boy Jim, hoisted myself slowly up and- over the edge of the planking. Look over, I dared not; I. knew Boy Jim hail gone ilpwn by ynrds.-Itouiid the spire there wns still one turn. Setting iriy feet against It, I made the effort of my life time— tugged and -heaved.-' until .Boy Jim,: kicking nnd shouting;: was. level ' ngnin. One superhumnn -pull, and lie was . sprawling across the planks, the noose- still under his n.rmptts. What then? . -There wns . " . the brief struggle, that - made . the- - frail plauking shake beneath . us, - rind then . I . lind him .helpless— I- think I hail struck him on the head— and lind tied lilm with- the rope to the woodwork /untll lie could move neither hnnd nor foot. " : Five minutes later— to this moment I. can not tell how I bore up long enough to- make the now terrible descent— I had reached the dear ground ouco again, and the crowd wns surging about me. 'I had just strength enough to point up, and gasp, VSavo: lilm — save Jim!" Then .enme the 'great re-- action, and tho .blank that lasted for days. Yes, days. When I sat up, utter the short, fierce spell of fever, I whs' lying" In' rih li'ds- pltnl— and Boy Jim- l.-iy ln tliciicxt bed to mine. They had' lowered him rfi'oiriVtlie steeple top, and brought hint here, "raving. - But what was the grandest thing of nil- to realise wns - the fact that,- when I' went to see him a fortnight' later, the (doctors were saying that dip had passed, a; crisis, anil tlint very possibly his reason would' be restored' with lils health. .Two 'more weeks— weeks of terrible. suspense— mid then I knew -that the possibility hnd merged Into a fact; Doy Jim sat .up In his lied; nnd nskeil mo, "wondor- 'Ingly, liow we lind come' to leave Manches ter,' nnd what lmd happened. -- v ? And later— six months Inter? Why. I was standing before the altar nt a certain church. Katie stood, on my left, nnd, on my right- Boy Jim.— "Tit Bits. 