THE BETRAYAL OF JOHN FORDHAM. CHAPTER XXXIII.— (Continued;) . "Not unlikely. Jack, when you come to me with -such -a- cock and bull story. I. recollect your baying that-, you'd seen the murdered man lying - on a green field and 'on a billiard table. This Is something of the same sqrt;vl suppose." ' ; ...'" "No, guv nor/ tnat.was a wision, ana i Knew it wosn't real. But this wos. I touched it as it passed." ! .'; .. : "0,,it passed.you, did.it? 'Come, my man, let us have the whole of it; I may understand it better then. Where were ' you, what time of day was it, and in what shape did It lip- pear to you?". " : . "The shape wos .'is own, and the time o' day wos four this arternoon; and the place : wos Finchley Road." . ' , : "Go on, Jnck," I said, seeing that he. believ ed in it. . "I wos.out with the barrer," he continued,; "and- was bargainin' with : a lady for sonie - daisies. There they wos on the pavement, . and she and me iookin' at "em. As I stooped to. pick up a pot, somethink brushed by me. We touched each other. I-ookln' up" I sor Louis/ and the ; pot dropped froip ihy .'an'd.'". : ."Did you' go after- him?" - ' ! .' "Me go after 'im! I'd 'ave run a 'undred; mile the other way." . "Did he vanish ; imibliie ; flames, Jack ?'': ; i. '!No, guv'nor. 'E turned' a corner.". : . "But, consider, my lad. -The man Is dead," "Don't' I know it?" cried Jack, as if my re mark exasperated him; "Is .it likely , I should 'aye come to you if 'ed been alive?" "You looked up at him, you'-sayi .-Did he look down at you?" "No, guv'nor, not that I noticec', . D'yer think I've been makln' up the story?" "No, I don't think that, because , there's nothing to gain by it. What I do think is that you've been scared by seeing someone who bears a resemblance to Louis. It isn't at all an uncommon thing. Innocent men have been hanged upon such evidence." "Guv'nor," said Jack, impressively, "it wos 'im. I tell yer. There wos 'Is 'eight, there wos 'is build, and there wos the scar on 'is fore- ed. I'll take my Bible oath it wos Louis' ghost." .. "Even the sear may be on the other man's forehead," I persisted. "There have .been much clQBer resemblances. A dozen witnesses have sworn to the identity of a man who was -.being tried for a crime of which he was as innocent as I am, have sworn to his voice, to the colour of his eyes and hair, to secret marks upon his' person, to a missing tooth, to the peculiar shape of his fingers, and he has been condemned upon their evidence. Only after his death has it been discovered that the wrong man bad been hanged. Wives themselves . have been taken in, and have lived for years with men they believed to be their husbands.' .Go home, Jack, and think of these eases, much more wonderful than your accidental resemblance, and don't make a fool of yourself." I might as well have spoken to a stone. Jack was not ta.be argued out of his. fright,, and that it was genuine was proved by rhe- startled looks he cast behind him from time- to time. A gentle tap nt the door sent his heart into his mouth., It was my landlady-; who " came with 'a parcel that had been left for me by a lady, who wished to hand it to me herself, but was told I was engaged and could not be 'disturbed. As . I had exhausted all my arguments upon Jack, and as he did not seem in a hurry to go, L opened the parcel In ills presence, and drew: out the cabinet portrait of Mrs. Barlow's! missing son, whicli she had promised to bring , to my lodgings. "Send I may live, guv'nor!" cried Jack,! peering at it over my shoulder, his eyes , al-! most staring out of his head, "where did you! : get that from?" ; "It's the picture ,of a missing man, Jack,'.'.: I replied, "who has had a lump of money left! to him. I want to lay my hands on hiim" It: was then that I noticed the strange expres sion on Jack's face, and I added Jokingly, "It; Isn't a ghost." "No, it ain't a ghost," he said. -i "It's Mor- gan." "Morgan!" I exclaimed; "Your card-sharp- 1 ing Liverpool friend!" ' "That's 'lirt, guv'nor. A lump o' money loft; 'Im! Why don't 'e come and collar it?" :: . "Are you sure you are not . mistaken," I '"Ow could I be mistook" he 'demanded.. "Wosn't 'im and me together day and- night : for', weeks,. and '. Weeks? I'd swear to!" 'im: among a''undred."'rf'-' ' " 1 '' . 1 i ' Reluctant as l wis to take Jaok's-word for Louis's ghost I could not dispute with him as! to Morgan's portrait." It was long before I could get rid, of him, and he went away as' firmly convinced of one as he was of the other. : In such positive terms did he express his con-, victlon on the former subject that If I, were not a hard-headed, practical man, with very- little sentiment In my nature, It Is quite on the cards that he would have shaken my be lief that he was labouring under some mon strous delusion In respect of the murdered j "man. At the same time I confess to ' being . ourloUs about Louis's "double," and to hav-- Ing a deslre to see him with my own eyes. It . was for this .reason, on the chance of ; being" gratified, that. I made an appointment to ac company. Jack the, next day in his peregrina tions through the. N.W; district, ,.in. the dis- : guise of a brother coster. The hour of ap- ; poiritment -was noon.- ' " Meanwhile there was much to; think, of, much to do. Fortunately I am a healthy . man ' and can do with three or four hours'-' s(eep, or I should never have got through with, it. „ There was in my mind the design, not;ynt thoroughly planned out, of having Louis', body exhumed, in order that its identity, might .be established beyond the possibility of doubt. This would effectually dispose ; of Jack's fancies, . which, . after fur ther reflection, . I- ' set down to the stings of conscience, and as properly belonging to that form of imaginative creation which had conjured up the vision' Of Louis' body lying on a bllliard-rclo'th and on green fields. To establish this identity witries'ses would he required. I could give evidence as to the sear upon the forehead, but only from wliat';I had; been told; it would be secondary evidence; and therefore not -admissible. I mentally fan through the names of'tlie witnesses whose evidence, from personal knowledge, would be of .value. . John Fordham, for one. Though it might tell'against himself, ! he would be ready and 'Willing- to testify. I needed nothing to- con vince me that lie was, a truthful and-honour- able maii who would not palter with his conr science even though it added to the peril in which he stood. Then, Jack. But it would bring him into danger. A far different ehar&oter; he . from Fordham. He would be dragged forward against his will, and in these circumstances his word could not be depended upon.'. In the present aspect of the affair his was the only evidence upon which Fordham's , innocence could be to, some extent proved. . Believing himself to be in danger, such a man as Jack would be capable of anything; he might deny all that he had admitted, he might even con coct a story which would throw the entire guilt upon the man I was trying to save., Therefore; Jack's evidence upon this ques tion of identity could not be reckoned with just now. For a time at least It must be set aside. Then, Louis' mother. But her son's name had appeared In the papers as that of the main whom, by Fordham's confession, he had mur dered. It must not be forgotten that I was convinced she was living. That being so, why was she silent? why did she remain in hiding? That was -one of the unanswered questions -in the Mystery. Then, Maxwell. Also in hiding. He, of all who were associated In the mystery, was the least likely to come forward- of his own free will. Then. Morgan — — ' At his name my reflections were diverted Into another channel'. Tfireo thousand pounds was a handsome sum— a God-send to such a man. "Why had lie not claimed it? There was more than one answer to the question. He might not be avi."'e o'f his uncle's death; as his own mother aid not know his qddress the solicitors to the will could not communi cate with him. He might be dead; he might have left th» country. If he were living wi uld my advertisement In the personal columns of the newspapers be successful in unearth- lng him? It occurred to me that it would increase my chances of success if I adver tised for him in ills assumed name, and I drew out the following advertisement: — "A Large Sum of Money has been. Be queathed to Morgan, who is supposed to have been residing, in. Liverpool, where, he. was last' seen pbout a' year ago. Full -parti culars, will be given to him upon application to Paul Godfrey, 719 Buckingham Falace- : road." . .. - ' . '' - To re.duce the, chances of receiving letters from every Morgan in the kingdom,; I wrote to Mrs. Barlow, requesting her to give 'me . the date of her soil's his. age, and -whe ther he had any marks on Ill's person by which he could be identified. Though it Is running ahead "of my narrative, I may state here that Mrs. "Barlow supplied me with thq date' of her son's birth and his age (which particulars I inserted in the advertisement), and Informed me that there were two marks on him which : would, render identification easy— a; large mole on. his left Bide, a little above- the hip, arid. a. peculiar formation in the (toe .next -to the . big toe on his right foot. Itvwas bent completely under, she:said,. and presented the appearance of having been cut clean off ut the joint. I went at II o'clock that night to post my letters to Mrs. Barlow, and was return ing home, deep in thought, when' a hand was 'laid on my shoulder. .."Good evening, Godfrey." The voice was Wheeler's, like myself, a pri vate .detertive, with whom I had worked oil .two or: three cases. ! There was a talk of our going into partnership, but it had not yet come to a head. There are few smarter men than Wheeler. "Good evening," I said, and immediately be gan to consider whether he could be of use to me. -"Anything stirring?" "Well," he answered, "I was coming: to see you." -. . ' What about?" . . . - Instead of giving me a direct answer he be gan to laugh, and said, "You were in Soho tills evening." , .. v ; ."Hallo," said I, interested, immediately, "there's something in the wind., ' Did you- see. me- there?'! ,V "No,, but I isaw , you coming into Leicester-; .square." ... "How did you find me out7" I asked. rather nettled. "I ."thought- my disguise; a good one." / . . "So it was. -- There Isn't one in a thousand who , would have recognised you. I happen' to be that one. You see, Godfrey, when you "are thinking of something very particular you have, a nasty habit of stroking your chin with, the middle finger of you right hand." "Good, said I, "you will never catch me doing that again when I'm somebody else. Well?" : "Seeing that, r took special notice of you,; and followed you 'home to make sure. When you stopped at 719 Buckingham"Paiaee-roacl, and let yourself in, I was satisfied it was you." ' "There's nothing very smart In that." ."'I don't say -there is. I kept myself out of. sight, for a reason youfjl, appreciate. -, "Out . with it." ' ' - '.'I wasifit the only one who was following: .you;"-- - v . "You don't mean to say I was being slia-; dowed!" I cried, excitedly. "That is exactly what I do mean. "I'll see this out," said I to myself." - , ."Man or woman?" . . "Man;" . : "Did you catch sight of his face?" "Yes. Tall, dark, beard and whiskers.- Miglit liave' been false. When you were in! the house he passed ;tlie door, looked at the number and walked away." ."And you let him go?" I said, reproach-, fully. "I didn't think that of you." "You needn't. I followed- him on your ac count" . "Bravo!" "Had to be very careful. His eyes were in, all directions." . "Did he go back to Soho?'! "No. He took a 'bus to Piccadilly Circus. I took the. same 'bus. He got down .there, with; a lot of others, and I slipped out among: them. Then- he took an Atlas 'bus to the Eyre Arms. So did I. He walked towards the Swiss Cottage, and my difficulties com menced! Not much foot traffic between the Eyre Arms and the Swiss Cottage, you know. He went on to Fttzjohn's Parade. More traf fic there. The job got easier. Beyond Fltz- john's Parade very little traffic indeed. I had to 'be more careful than ever, so few people about. That was the end of it." "You know the house he went Into," I' cried. . ' ' VI don't" he answered. "I am ashamed to say he gave me the slip. I don't know whe ther he suspected he was being followed, but .the: fact remains that he gave me the slip. How he managed it beats me. I am fairly ashamed of myself." ' "You ought to be. Wheeler, you Avere on the track - of a great mystery, . and Just' at the very point — — " - 1 was so annoyed that I couldn't finish the -sentence. "I remained' In the neighbourhood a couple of: hours,'' he' continued,' "but saw nothing more. of the gentleman. If I had suspected there, was anything important hanging to it lie would have had to he a great deal smarter .than he Is to throw me -off the track. How ever, It!s no use crying over spilt mlllc. I'v'e nothing to do this week. . Can I be of any help to you?" ' "I think so," he replied. "Come and see me at eight o'clock in the morning, and I'll tell you all about It. I must have time to think this out. Thouph you were not ently'.y suc cessful you have'done me a great service, and I am. obliged' to you. Oh, Wheeler, if you had only'seen the house he went Into!" He shook his head mournfully, and left me, promising to call hi the morning. I lind, indeed, plenty to think about. It whs In Finchley-road that Jack fancied he saw the ghost of Louis. This man, following me from Madame Loubert's shop, where he- had been hidden from my gaze by a green cur tain, had made his way to Finchley, where, presumably, he lived. I might now almost call the case upon which I was engaged The Mystery of the Green Curtain. .(to be continued.) 