[?] ' puslished rit stechal arranqement. By W. CLsARK RUSSELL, 'Author of "The Wzeoh of the Grosvenor," The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship,'' "The Frozen Pirate," "Ao Ocean Tragedy," '.'A Sea Quean," "Ky Danish .. Sweetheart," "The Good Ship Mohock," "Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea," "The Tale pf the Ten," tee., 4c. .-.v " , oopybtobt. . CW ATTF.R' IH. — ( Continued.) fTHOUGHJ it hard that I should he obliged to > m take a pow- ' der because I bad been com pelled to see what I had not > asked to see, and could hayo prayed not to seo. 'I nm not hot,'; I said ; '- > thero is / a. woman in tho nonclr 'she is white, and stands in the middle- ' Nonsense !' exclaimed my father. But my mother looked at me anxiously, and seemed a little scared. ' I have never known the : hoy to see ghosts bofore,' said she; 'why don't ;you go and see what it is?' My father left the room for his hoots. (Ho went into . the grounds, and ' my i mother went after him with a shawl ,over her head, and I followed, hoping > that tho figure was gone, as it would 'frighten mo horribly to see it again. "We reached the pond, and my father ' said s 'Whefe is this white woman of youi's?' _ . The moon shone brilliantly upon the \- pedestal, and all was bright clear air there. Tho figure-had vanished. 'I tell you it was there,' I said stubbornly. ' . ' He eats too many of those sweets, and you must give him a powder. Nothing like a littlo gray powder to dispel ghosts,' said my father. Nevertheless he wont to tlio gate in tho railing, which the gardener had kept clear of tho growth, and peered into the moonhright water and slowly cast his eyes around as if trying to per ceive a cause for my hallucination. Though I was relieved by tho disap pearance of the phantasm, 1 did not like to be doubted either, and I said to my mother : 'It stood there looking at me. It was all in white like a cloud. It had a face and arms, and I could see through it.' , My mother made no answor. Sho believed me, and it made her uneasy to think that I should have seen a ghost. ' Well, there's nothing here,' said my father, coming slowly from the gate. ' It is the effects of those heavy blocks of molasses and batter. If tho old womnn sells him inoro than two sous' worth a week I'll charge her with the doctor's hill.' 'Come with me,: dear,' said my mother, and we went upstairs. ' Now don't go and mako out that he has soon anything else but had trdaele and cheap butter,' criod my father after us. My mother sat with me for sometuqe after I was in bed, and rang the bell for a glass of sweetened warm, wine and water, which comforted mo. She easily saw that I was not ill, and stood in no need of physic, and this, I fancy, made her feel the more concerned that I should have seen the phantom. Sho asked me 'if it was like anybody I knew, and I answered no. Then she assured me it was an imagination, and novor could huvo existed/ Nevertheless, aftor she was gone, I lay awake some time thinking much of the apparition. I was a littlo hoy, 'tis true, hut my sight was as good as my father's or mother's, and, I had beheld the thing, and could describe it, whieh certainly would have been impossible to such invention as I hod, and thero was no wreath of mist in all tho land that was going to repose in a shape of beauty upon that pedestal, and look at me with \- ncithor sorrow nor cheorfulncss. However, tho morning sunshine despatched tho ghost out of my head, and noithor.my father nor mother re ferred to it. I wus still at home, learning no lessons, doing nothing, an idle boy, with much — too much — timo on my . littlo hands. 1 wont into tho garden after breakfast uud began to search in tho ditch between tho next field and our grounds for anything I could find. I started a frog or two and a young mouse. It was a bright, cool, windy day, and the land was piebald with the shadows of moving cloud,. What do hoys hunt for when they got into . " ditches, and grab - in and among hedges ? "What- do they expect to find? Perhaps my muasuro lay iu tho hope of finding somothing. After toiling for some time in this aimless quest, creep ing, pausing, peering; starting, I grew sick of it, and camo -out of the tangled ditch. ' ' ' 1 . I now thought that , I would sail my , boat in the pond, and wont to the . houso to fetoh it. A tall liodgo divided tho two gardens, and tho pond lay on tho othor side of tk% hedge. I took my bout, whieh had been my mother's' gift' on my last birthday, and made for the pond, with never a thought of the phantom in>-my head. The gate stood' . open as it usually did. In the course of the day : the gardener was constantly taking water from the pond. For some reason l am unable to. oxplain, he had placed a .huoket upon the pedestal ; lio contrived, this, by means of' a hooked polo. - I knelt closq to tho edgo of the'pon'd and put my boat, upon the water, hut whilst I watched it gliding through a . . clear opening amid the slimy and weedy ; surface,' - 1 - overbalanced myself and went head over heels. Though these are puorilities they aro deep truths to. me, . find what now happened is tho most wondorful oireumstance of my life. The poujl was . deep o'nough to drown three hoys like mq standing on one another's heads. I slanted in without a splash \- as I suspect, and when I was under \- water I thought to myself, ' This is a t dream P . .Even whilst I thought, and vory swiftly, for I must have riscp soon . after that first divo, I distinctly saw in tho - water, whether- with myi eyes. closed or open I don't know, the phan- torn of tho preceding night, _ It was;a shape of mist;' its' face was close' to mine, and I very well remember the ex-, preasion. thq look that was not sorrow- ful or smiling, and the . cloud of hair streaming off in the grqen 1 obscure. It vanished in a breath, and I roso with a bubbling yell olose against the ,pedestal» so close .that I was able to seize the bucket, which I turned over my head and then floated a few feet away in it. There was no air in this bucket, and I lot go and down I sank, I have the compietest recollection of my sensations; thore was no fear, nothing hat a feeling of dreaminess, as if I. had fallen asleep and should wako in a minute and find myself at the brink of tho pond with the boat in my hand. I rose 'again and splashed, and cried out as loudly as I could, for my throat was full' of filthy water and weods.; Who had told me, where had I read, that if you go down the third timo you do not rise again? This idea was.pro- sent to me when- 1 sank, kicking out and strugglingj biit /tho belief proved false in my case, for I rose for the third time close against tho stnhohion-irons. I grasped them, got my knees on to the edge of the brickwork, and rolled upon the grass, where I lay motionless as though I'd been drowned indeed, full of water, weeds, and tittlebats. As I was aEterwards told, whilst I lay thus the gardener came along. Ho had heard nothing. Ho crunched -leisurely along tho gravel walk, hut on casting his eyes at the pond ho instantly saw by the clearness of its surface that it had been swept, and in some way perturbed. He upproaohed tho opposite gate to look, and immediately catching siglit of my floating cap and the boat, he shouted — ' My God ! He lies drowned at the bottom ! ' He shook oif his hoots and pulled ofE his coat, and plunged in manfully— a filthy header — black-clear as tho water showed whore I had kicked and struggled. He swam well, and made nothing of that pond, having tho pedestal as a rest, and tbe brick wall within a kick or two of his. foot. He sank and felt, and camo up and blew, and emorging at last half -drowned against the gate olose beside whieh I lay, ho saw -me. ' Ah, God ! ' cried he, and scrambled out. I lay on my face and presented every appearance of death. My face and hair wero covered with duckweed, and my mouth was full of the stuff. Certainly in no fouler pool oould a hoy he drowned. After looking at me tho gardener picked me up, and ran with me to the houso. My mother was in tho parlour, iu tho act of entering, in faot, , when tho gardener arrived at the open window, clasping my drenched figure to liis equally drenohed form. She - shrieked on seeing - me, and cried, ' Is lie drowned ? Bring him in. Lay him on the sofa ! O Merciful ! My poor, poor darling !' The drenched gardener talked as he laid me on tho sofa. 'I do not think he is .drowned, madam. Ho got out by himself. I found him lying on the grass after seek- ing for him in tho pond. Hq should ho stripped, dried, aud put to bed. No doctor .could do more,' said this gardener, .who if a fool in the .presence of" a ghost grew wise in the face of calamity. My mothor rushed to the hell. The servants arrived, and sot up a howl on seeing me drowned as they thought. I was borne away to tho kitchen, and whilst they stripped me bofore tho firo, showed signs of life. They rubbed mo into a glow, and the streaming gardener recommended a . tcaspoonful of eau-do- vie. More, perhaps, was administered, with good effect, for I was . conscious before I was put to hod. This was u narrow escape from drowning, and from perishing after being delivered. My father was out, and when- 1 awoke from a refreshing sloop I felt as well , as I was before I made tho plunge. My parents stood together looking down upon mo. I oponod my eyes and smiled. My father kissed me, and my mother also kissed mo passionatoly, and sank upon hor knees by my "bedside, and thanked God aloud in a clear, adoring mother's voice, for His meroifnl preservation of me, whilst my father stood looking on deeply moved. My mother then asked mo how I felt. . I told hor I wanted to get up. She would not hoar of this, and promised to sit and read to me. 'I'll have that pond filled up,' said my father. 'I should havo foreseen this. It is deep Onough to drown a taller man than I.' ' ' ' ' ' I saw the white woman again,' 6aid My mother started, glanced at my father, then looked at me. . 'The white woman of last nigkt?' sho asked in a tone thatnearly expressed terror. - . ' . 'Yes,' said I; 'She was'in the water, and when I sank she came close to me, and I saw her face just the same as last night.' . 'lust the same?1 said /my mother, scarcely concealing her -superstitious alarm. Yes, she was all white,' I answered. '"What he ; saw,' said my father, ' was tho impression left upon his brain by the figure he imagines he has seen;' Ho . then said to me, 'Did you see that white woman in the water before you fell in?' 'No,' IanBwered. ; v Did nothing invite you to plunge ' I fell in,' said I. : ' That's ahsut tho amount of it,' aaid my father, ' and the white woman's a -white-lie. But that pend must be filled up, ghost or no ghost." Indeed, of late il have often fancied it smelt disagree-- ably.' After Borne words he left my mother to talk aind road to me. r 'I'was' kept in bed that day, and was quite well next morning. : > CHAPTER III. /. .aw intboduction. - OME, falter,' t i, said my mother, ' I' want to in- I J, troduce you to & the ' ... prettiest Y / girl you over saw- But first , brush your hair, : — - . and : he quick, for they will be fx going.' : L ' I went downstairs and HJrt. entered "tlio ' drawing-room shyly, "for. if I was pre cocious by stress of association with my olden;, I trust and: 'heJicvo' that I' was neither forward nor impudent. '.Oh, this is yoiir son, Mrs. Long- more ?' said Mrs, Stuart, extonding her band to roe. She was a decidedly handsome woman ' between five-and-thirtyandforty, quietly but well drossed. Her hair was fair and plentiful, and her figure as good as if she - had been tworand-twehty. Beside her sat a young. girl of my own' age, and I was upproaching Mrs. Stuart to shake hands when,., on glancing at . this child, I- stopped dead, staring with fear and wonder, just as I had stopped .dead when I saw the, phantom " of the.pond. My agitation was so extreme that I trembled as . to a sudden blast of cold wind. Mrs. Stuart looked at me as if she holieved I was ' deranged, and would in a minute fall down upon the floor in a fit of epilepsy. ' What is the .matter with you, Walter ?' cried my mother; I backed away to hor side, and said, pointing to the child, ' She is the girl I saw in the pond.' 'What do you say?' "exclaimed my mother, depressing my arm, for I' eon- tinued to point. ' . ' She is tho girl I saw iu the pond,' said I, with a half-blubhoring note in my voice. 'What is it all about? What has my Belle got to do with the pqud ?'; oried Mrs. Stuart, iu a manner that would have made mo seo, had I been older, that she was very superstitious. ' There is a pond in the lower garden,'' answered my mother, 'and Walter some time ago thought lie saw a figure stand ing on the pedestal whore there is no shape or image for a fountain.' ' Like my Belle ?' half shrieked Mrs. Stuart to inc. 'Yes,' I answered. 'She is the same, only littler.' . 'How very extraordinary!' exclaimed Mrs. Stuart in a sort of gasp, after a moment's pause. 'Come aud' look at Belle close, aud toll me if she is like what you saw.' . ' I can soo hor from hero,' said I, sticking to my mother. ' It is certainly strange,' said my mother, in a somewhat low and mysterious voice, ' that Walter should not only have seen the' ghost over- night, on tho pedestal, but that ho should hare tumbled in next day, and then seen it in the water where he was almost drowned.' . jro be continued. 