f g f i H A U N T E D MOUNTAINS: OR, C0ŁOHEL OODTS SEAEOH. i ROMANCE OF THE west. ? -OLO^-EL PRENTISS INGRAM. fL^ of -Te Hystericus Man in Blue." Etc. mjaPTEE LV.-TWO VOLUNTEERS. Vvg,, Colonel Ferris read the second -amunicaMon lelt by the weird midiWht visitor signing himself "Ghost,' „d ,-liich told that the three scouts Tsut to deaith in the Indian lla»-e n iiile Colonel Cody and Lieu- "arnt Hush Seaford were yet alive, he ^ more deeply moved than he cared. :DlMBin- save liim the Information that «,c sentinel? had not seen anyone sp- \--Mcii tiic fort . , a was snowing, but there were the jjjcts of a horse to the stockade gate ssd bart again. Ana more, there was the letter left by the weird visitor. The colonel at once had a, long talk siih his niece, and she was also much moved at the communication. • -I do not know what to eay, uncle, list I believe what !s reported, for the j^m _ or whoever it is—has certainly moves worthy of belief." "Tes; but how can he know; »U Hits _jhai the scouts have "been slain and Seaford and Cody are alive?" 'T do not know how; and yet he knew o£ their capture, of the attack of the Indians, and in spite of weather "that the invest men hardly dare face, he goes about very comfortably, It seems." 'Be certainly does. But, Ethel, what It I send for Surgeon Powell, ana let bim tnow the contents ol this note?" "A good idea indeed, uncle; for be has k very clever way of grasping at situa- tions." 50 the orderly was sent for Surgeon Frank Powell, and that officer soon put lz an appearance at headquarters. Ethel was still with her uncle, and she -watched Doctor Powell closely as he read the note. But she might as well fcave been regarding a marble bust, for r,ct a sign crossed bis handsome face tt wiat he read. "Weil. Powell?" asked the colonel "It is certainly sad, sir, about those (hot scouts; but Seaford and Cody seem to be fortunate—in fact, colonel, I have en abiding faith that Cody was not born to be tilled by an Indian or an outlas \- ." "Ton believe this statement, then "Implicitly, sir." "And can offer no solution as to who the writer is?" Sarpeon Powell did not immediately reply. :vnd then he said: 'Xet me go and find out, sir." "What?" "I have been thinking of late, sir, that I: was hardly Tight In me to let Cody end those with him remain prisoners when it might be possible to rescue them." "If you see a way, you can have onethird of the force here to accompany you." "I do not exactly see a way, sir, and a large force would do no good. But alone, or with one other to accompany me,I might be able to do something." "It would be taking fearful risks, Powell." "Not such risks, colonel, as Cody and those with hini take every moment they Lie in the hands of the Indians.' "What would you do?" •Til tell you ,sir. I would go from •tiie tort quietly at nigbt with one person, ana take with me three pack-horses, for plenty of food would have to be taken, as veil as oats for our horses. "Tiiey wouid get scanty feed at that, unless we could find grass in the mountain canyons sot snowed under. I would try and run across Cody's ghost, who is so friendly; but, if not, see what could be done towards a rescue in one way or another, lean but try, sir, and, well mounted, we jffonld have little to fear from the Indians, for they will keep very close this cold weather." "And w!ho would you take with you?" "Spurs." "What, Seaford's negro servant?" 'Tes. sir; and every inch a man. He t a giant in strength, a dead shot. kayRs not what fear is, can stand any amount of hardship, and has been constantly urging me to try to rescue his EBster." "Tts, ur.cle, Spurs was wSth Lieutenant Seaford, at whose borne in Texas be Kas born a slave, and he has gone with luin everywhere, and is devoted to him," said Ethel. "JH anyone else than yourself, Powell, made this proposition, I would consider fcim mad. But with you It is different" "Than!; you. sir. Then I can go?" ""Tes; but Spurs must volunteer." "He has already done so, sir, and we ©aJl be ready to start to-morrow night." "X dislike to see you do so, "but suppose It is best, though bear In mind that even Coqv was captured." "True, sir, and I will risk capture to save him." was Surgeon Powell's replies be left the colonel's quarters. CHAPTER LVI.—A STARTLING REQUEST. It stained to all at Barrier Post that the stories they had heard of open winters in that vicinity were false ones, for EJ far there had been several blizzards half-a-dozen snowstorms; and if the srfcwSe wintry season was to be like that settlers would lose all their cattle, •raa the stock at the fort suffer terribly. To guard against some dayswŁen the would cover the ground, thereSad «=?n brought to Barrier Post a -waggonprain of provender for horses, and they "M cultivated enough land to lay aside ® mach more, while the meadows Ład "k® pressed In, and a good hay ^'P Urns secured. Eat all this would go by January If W-owstorms continued, and the <«tie had to be fed, and it would be the erne isray with the settlers and the ®me-liBe stock. Some of the late settlers had not had r®" 10 Plant and harvest a crop, and would be the worst sufferers. Ok? Old scouts told how in their memthere had never been such a winter. *™a said thai only an occasional snow- "fna was the way it generally was. "ley predicted also that, Sf the winter as it had begun, the Indians not only lose all their ponies and jiv 0 "* 11 ' they had stolen, but that the j "loes would woulrt suffer drr.,- terribly, and * many 15 the ' red-: red-skins would die of cold ajid litoJ ¥ NiUlre '•"as determined to show l - W ^ V * couId battl <? against him, 'jttSv found ' upoa leavin S L t f s waiters, after his resolve to Istom ^ oi rescUfc - that another -L" 3 threatening. ^ewas not discouraged, however, and, 10 ms quarters, at once sent for B^f negro camera, tall, broad-shoul- JM? man * who was known to * Phenomenal strength, and plucfc r farrisW W3S ulUversa:11 y popular in> f 1 "' 6 ? and having Q be spoken to. - "Thank Heaven forthat news!" «jac-. ulated Spurs, fervently. , , g "Keep It to yourself, and make -your' preparations quietly." "Yes, sir." "i shall take three of my best horses, one of Cody's, and one of your master's, while we must go prepared lor a siege." "We will, sir." •'One of the horses will carry our bedding, rubber blankets, and a canvas shelter, with extra weapons and -aminunltion, which we may meed." "I understand, sir." "Another horse will carry supplies for six weeks" campaign—eay, for five—a. spade, shovel, axe and hatchet, and a camp outfit." "Yes, sir; it is well to go well Axed." "It is. Spurs; for we do' not know what may turn up, and we are going well supplied." , Spurs smiled, as if he were aware of that fact, knowing the doctor, who continued: 1 'You will want your warmest clothing, storm-coat, and waterproof; and carry an extra outfit along with your master's in case he should have given his to some poor Ł0. See, too, that Chief Cody is not forgotten. The third horse will carry only food for the animals—a little com, as much weight of oats as he can stand, and some straw rolled tight." "I understand, sir. and m have all ready when you say." We'll start to-morrow night, Just as the bugle sounds lights out." •Til be ready, sir." "Arid, Spurs, I'll look to the medicines and a "bottle or two of good brandy, and don't you forget to take a. number of pine knots to kindle a fire Quickly, and a couple of lanterns." Yes, sir," and having jotted down all that was to be carried, the faithful servant and friend of Lieutenant Seaford went away to prepare for the perilous work before him. The next morning the Surgeon Scout had just breakfasted when the colonel's orderly appeared and asked liim to come at once to the commandant's quarters. It had snowed all night, but bad ceas «d then, leaving the ground around a foot deep. Arriving at Headquarters Surgeon Powell found the colonel talking to Ethel Willis, and he handed to Ijim a letter with the words: "Our ghostly letter-carrier was here again last night and this was found by the guard this morning stuck upon the stockade gate, and, what is more, it was pinned there with this." "It is Seaford's knife, sir." "Yes. Jfor we all know the knife, was a present to him from a hardware house, and made expressly for him, and has his name on it. It pinned the envelope to the stockade." Dr. Powell took the envelope, which n-as addressed to him, ana said: "If the Surgeon Scout dare follow the Chost Guide of the Mountains he will lender a deed of mercy, and may aid in ihe rescue of Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford. The Ghost Guide will look for him at midnight in a camp at Beacon Rock. THE GHOST." CHAPTER LVH—AT BEACON KOCK. Having read the strange communica tion. Surgeon Powell handed it in silence to Colonel Ferris. He in turn read it, and said: "This is a strange request, certainly.' "Yes, sir." "May I show it to Ethel?" "Certainly, sir." "And what will you do?" asked the colonel of the doctor, as he handed the strange communication to Ethel. "I shall go, sir; of course, with your permission. Colonel Ferris." "With a soldier guard, yes." "Did you read the postscript, Doctor Powell?" asked EtheL "I did not. Miss Ethel, for I do not riiiffk l saw any." It is in pencil, and reads: "This engagement with Surgeon Powell will not be kept unless lie comes unaccompanied by soldiers or scouts." "Ah, that looks like a. trap. Powell." ' "No, colonel; ghosts do not like crowds Tve been told," answered Doctor Powell, with a smile, and then added: "Then " must go alone." Powell, so that does not mean alone. You can certainly have Spurs accompany you, as you intended," Eth<a assumed. "Thank you, Miss EtheL for helping me out. I suppose I can go as originally intended, with Spurs." "I am glad of that," the colonel remarked; and then Ethel, who had been looking attentively at the strange communication, said; "Uncle, this is not written in a feminine hand." 'Til trust you for getting at the bot tom of facts, Ethel;" and the colonel took the letter, and glancing at It, con tinned: "You are ri£ht" "It is the handwriting of Mr Burt Braxton, if I mistake not, sir. Have you not that list he wrote out for the trader?" The colonel looked at the list, but had been returned to the post trader. The orderly was sent for it, and lie returned, with the remark that the paper could not be found. "Well, some day I hope all these mysteries will be cleared up," the colonel •Said, and Frank Powell added: " It may be that the solution is near at hand, colonel. But I most start earlier than I had intended, to reach the Beacon Bock by midnight, for it is something over thirty miles from here, and it will be rough riding." " When can you get off ?" " After an early supper, sir ; for the horses and packs Spurs-has all ready. "I shiall let it be thought that you are going to the settlement;" And the colonel and Ethel warmly grasped the gallant sturgeon's band,.and wished him Godepe&i.; jipon his mysterious -and danger-, ous xmsskm to fceep an appointment with a. ghost. ' When. hę , left headquarters Ethel looked op some warm mufflets and sent tjiem, with a few other comforts, over to -him to carry with him, and while the ejin was an hour high they saw liim ride - out of the stockade/Spure following, and-jthe three weU-laden pack- horses in lead. . . . . The officers and men bad an idea that Surgeon Powell was agaln on bne of his perilous expeditions, and many a warm clasp of the hand he had as he rode towards the stockade gate, manya fervent -wish for- raccess irom j&e;'men, with whom be was a great favorite, while Spurs was by no means forgotten. :"Eescue CoIoneJ Cody and Lieutenant Seaford, Spurs, and we'll make the President appoint you Minister Hayti," said Lieutenant Emory, and he added. 'l only wish I was going; but its a cold day, and I got left." ; ; Out of the fort over the trackless Enow, following only the memory of a "trail, went .the Surgeon Scout ana the faithful Spins, and half an hour before tbe sun set behind a bąnk of ttoeatenlng clouds they bad dropped tie tafl EtaJE and Its -warning colors out <of sight far liehind Ihem. " , '.. ."...^i.^Vfti^Si; ; : j "TUe storm is nol over; Spurs;, śo we irtJl push qn as;fet as-we <;aja and. try tj> get Into camp early." ; "Yes, sir." - "There is a,shelt^rf;CMmfc at-:Bea»c>n while : fiie rhora^ &rm;^fce .w^ a>TOtected $ &>e iftilcappinfe''tol^/'-.i^ittiiUedge, It -was an fcourlreforfrftóaałght heavy snowstorm that the unerring j rpde Jri under the shelter of Beacon' Rock. The surgeon Lastly built a fire, while Spurs unsaddled the horses and led them Into the shelter of tbe pines,'where they wck blanketed warmly. • Spurs soon set to work , getting supper, -while the Surgeon Scout shovelled away the snów fór a -canvas shelter to bedspread. "Supper is ready, sir," called out Spurs; 'and, something causing him to look round, he uttered a' cry of terror, for there, just within the glare of the firelight, was the white horse and his shrouded rider! The appointment at Beacon Rock had been kept by the Surgeon Scout and The ghost. 