MELBOURNE. Tuesday, Jan. 18. The District Court magistrates were asked to-day to settle a little trouble connected with the non-payment of theatrical salaries. The principal actors were Martyn and Lucy Hagant ami Abraham Orcon. The two former Bought to recover £11 Cs 8d for tho balance of salary duo. They were engaged to play in tho pantomime at tho Bijou Theatre, but “ tho ghost failed to walk " after tho first week, hence the trouble. As, however, it appeared that plaintiff’s en gagement was with a Alias Jimeon, and not with Croon, tho bench dismissed the ease, Tho death of the man John Smith in connec tion with which seven men are now in custody, was duo to fracture of the skull ond laceration of tho bruin with hemorbago. According to the ovidonco tendered to-day. by Dr. Neild whon tho inquest was formally opened, a fall on a rough surface or blow with some hard sub stance was responsible for tho injury. Ho thought, howovor, a fall on tho back of tho head was really the cause of tho wounds. After evidence of identification had been taken tho inquest was adjourned till Tuesday. Tho legal machine is often aslow moving concern, especially whon the Altorney-Gcncrftl don’t want to'movo. It is only now that pro ceedings are being taken to test tho validity of tho Orange procession, which roisod such n commotion in Brunswick six months ago. Five persons aro to bo proceeded against on tho in formation of ono Andrew Kennedy, for taking part in the procession. Part of tho charge against them is tho exhibition of emblems and symbols consisting of collars, sashes and badges which were calculated to provoke animosity between tho Queen’s subjects. Defendants aro also charged with joining in procession for the purpose of celebrating an anniversary and political event, viz., tho Battle of tho Boyne, Thu summonses ore returnable ot the Brunswick court on tho 9th inst. Proceedings are being taken by Iho Roman Catholic Defence Association. On Friday the detective police when search ing a house in Napier street, Fitzroy, for a nmn named Teague, came across a largo num ber of notes belonging to tho defunct Provin cial and Suburban Bank, tho bank authorities having apparently omitted to call in or de stroy tho notes of tho institution. In addi tion to the notes the detectives found two men named Thompson Kingston and William West on tho promises, and tho pair were presented nt tho City Court to-day on tho charge.of vagrancy. Kingston was stated to bo a reputed pickpocket, a companion of pick pockets ana thieves and a welshing bookmaker. West also received a bad character but tho bench decided to let them go. Subsequently Henry Tcaguo was charged with a similar of fence, but on his undertaking to lake his depar ture within 12 hours he also was discharged. The sewerage accident was brought under tho notice of the Metropolitan Board of Works to-day, owing to a report of the sewerage com mittee referring to the accident being amongst tho orders of tho day. There was a fooling ex pressed by some of the commissioners that tho board ought to do something'for the bereaved ones, moi*o especially as men who had to per form such dangerous duties as fell to tho lot of tho sowor excavators, only bad their lives insured for tho paltry sum of £50, The £2000 a year chairman, whilst professing to express “sympathy” for tho sufferers, and “admiration” for the bravery which had been displayed, felt it his duty (so* ho said) to warn the commissioners against placing tho board in what ho called a false position by making it responsible for accidents when no liability attached to it. Ho feared that if tho board wore to vote money it would cause tho public to refrain from subscribing. Tho report was adopted with an addition empowering the officers and servants committee to make such a report to tho hoard on tho subject as they should consider expedient. 