Hunted and Haunted. By T HEWIT60N, LL.B. For how many years has that phantom of memory haunted me? I was then a nervous girl in my teens, and even now, though I have trebled -my years and ex perience, that Face still occasionally flits tnrough my dreams and the old terror mo mentarily grips my heart. ThesteaTbhyfoot fali, moving ever nearer and paralysing my faculties with the suspenseful horror of its coining, has been lost amid other foot falls of memory. The swarthy visage, with . its cruel mouth, half-'Mdden toy the un kempt beard, and the baleful eves burning out of' the snadow into mine, have toeether faded into aim and spectral out line. It as a poor age-worn ghost now, only invoked by the aid of cold pork or new -cheese, and readily exorcised by a few indigestion drops. But it seemed very real in the nights when I used to creep to bed quaking in anticipation o'f its coming, and awaked shrieking in my dreamper ception of its shadowy presence. Pro bably many of my readers (if I may hope for many) will see a ridiculous dispropor tion between the incident now to be de scribed and the impression it made, and ?will be 'disposed to regard this as the reminiscence of a bogey-monger or cry baby. I might olier explanations — consti- tutional, psychological, and otherwise ver bose, but 1 reserve my defence. We are not all built on the same plan, and fortu nately so, or the angels would have io catalogue us according to number. 'A na turally gloomy mind, formed or deformed among joyless surroundings an'd clouded 'by physical depres sion, is apt, under ithe lash of fright, to receive deep and slow- healing scars. This was my experience. If the joys of home are sacred, its sorrows should be secret; the shadow of death has long lain over the faults and failures of my early home. Let it hide them forever. A critical iUness led to my removal by rela tives to their farm on the Loddon (in Victoria), where 1 struggled back to life in a paradise of hay-scented fields. Surely the -delights of convalescence are God's compensation's for 'the pains of the sick bed. In that restful time it was pure joy to sit among the sun-gilt billy- buttons, where the shadow-lk-eked banks sloped down to the quiet watei'hole; to watch the parrots weaving in their flight gleams of scarlet through the green of the gum trees, where the magpie built her airy nursery, gurgling uhe while love lays to her mate; or to drowse until the murtnurous voices of earth and air died away into dreams of — dinner. But it was not to be all sun shine and rest. With returning strength caine the desire to be my own breadwjn n-er, and so by arrangement with some , kindly neighbors I opened a day-school for the little. «nes to whom t'he thneejmile walk to the State school was a foot-weary pilgrimage. Bankside, my new home, lay in a hollow close by the river, and in a grass-paddock, half a mile away from, but out of sight c&, t'he homestead was my ex temporised hush academy; a disused, soli tary hut penciled on a stony rise with a sharp 'dip from the rear to a heavily-timbered flat. % A scarcely worn track led from the farmhouse past the schoolhouse, from the back window of which it could be seen winding out of sight into the scrub beyond. These details will assist the comprehension of what hap pened on the last school day before the Christmas holidays. We had not attained to tue dignity ot a formal breaking-up, but the event was quite as satisfactorily cele brated by t'he singing of some simple melo dies and an early dismissal. The festive spirit shone in every littls pair of eyes as the mites, according to instructions, lined up to repeat their shrill 'Good after noon, Miss; a Merry Christmas.' And now they were gone, and with them had gone also every lingering sense of impa tience with their infantile follies, leaving only affectionate remembrances. Thus I mused, as 1 waited for the cool of evening, occupying time in correcting the home les sons. The air was heavy and sultry, and a hot wind was moaning in the wild oaks. I must have dozed (I could sleep at all hours then). I think that even in my sleep I had an impression of danger, of some malign influence that rallied my con fused senses. My only clear z-ecollection is one of starting up in my chair by the win dow and opening my eyes on the head and* shoulders of a man framed there, and on the face I have described. He had one arm rest ing on the sill, carelessly pointing a revolver at me. To say I was terrified is the feeblest description. I was paralysed by dhe shock. The few seconds seemed hours while, shrinking 'from the wicked mouth of t'he weapon, I glared at the wick ed iface of the man. While I looked the face distorted itself in'to — 'well, a smile, if you can conceive a rattlesnake smiling or a d«atih's head trying to look pleasant. But dt broke 'the spell and I sprang for the door. 'Stop, or I'll ^lio'ot! ' he roared, and tfhere was that in his tone which con vinced me of its deadly earnestness, and stop I did. 'Stop there,' he continued, with a warn ing nod, as he turned from the window. In a second I was across the room. The key was in the lock outsMe, and in my crazy hurry I funtb-le'd. and even while in the act of slamming the door to I saw a great riding-boqt thrust between the door and 'tfhe jamlb, followed by his villainous head and shoulders. Not for one moment could my trembling efforts oppose his strength, and I flaw back to the window, where I had the table Between us. My instinct and his manner justified my 'ter ror, I mus't in ,piy ifriniiijig '^^-W^^^m'^SM presented a sight .(to^uieiifs ' PiWm^^^mW^ had «. sense. of pity,:. :,Bui he.jn^lyVg^^^^fe^ ned and' putting/hie reyblver-iavp^y '? : B^^itmMi'f' in a voice like a'tcrow's, 'Did a «au$if? ^KfM1' man scare urn?' Vkm with ferocious- ^- ' ;'#4;'V ergy, 'Vimme a drink.' - ^^ .'4*: I pointed to a cask of nvater ia-a corner Vl :^-- and found utterance. 'There, drink and go away. How dare ? ' 'Stow that,' he growled, 'Mebbe, I'm going when I've had a pitch with^j-ou. Mebbe I ain't.' '; ?He drank like a thirsty ox while watch- * : ing me over his^ pannikin, then sitting down facing me,'' leisurely pulled out his pipe. 'School missus, eh? he enquired. .' Now where do you live -when you're home?' His eye followed the direction b'f my shaking finger to where, through the doorway, a thin cloud of smoke showed like a smudge o'f grey against the treetops outlining the course of the river. At the same moment the sound of a hoofbeat came faintly on the wind. A glance through the window brought a cry of joy to my lips. A horseman was cantering along the track through the timber. One turn and he came into full view riding straight to the hut. 'Tne police, by G— ! ' gasped my visitor. lie was crouching, staring past 'me with the glare of a cornered wolf. Before . I could make a movement he was around the table; he had swung me by the arm out of view; his revolver was pressed against my body, and his face, twisting with excitement, was thrust into mine. 'Shut up, or you're dead,' he snarled. Go to the door, tell him I'm not here; no, tell him I've bin and gone, quick, or there'Jl be bloody murder; you first and him next. Get, g6V and 'panting and whispering blasphemy and threats he thrust me to the door, closing it with his foot as the hoofbeats came clinking around the building. What could I do ?' An alarm meant death to me and perhaps to the unsuspecting man outside, and so I chattered consent. We heard the trooper rein up and in reply to his hail my captor, keeping toehiud t'he door, pulled it ajar and thrust toe forward. What he thought of the face that peered out a-b him shall be told by the stranger himself. What I saw was a blonde young giant in uniform with manly power stamping his every pose and chivalrous kindness -his every * ieature. For a moment he looked at me 'Mr. Wear's, my uncles. ' No, he does in grave surprise — how ray heart went out to him — 'then with a military salute he en quired politely whose property he was on. 'Mr. Wear's, my uncle's. No he does not live here; this is used as a school house.' ' Have I the honor 'to address the teacher?' he asked with a smile. I bowed. ' Duty compels me to be inquisitive,' he continued. ' May I ask whether a stran ger has passed here to-day?' Here I feJ't a suggestive prod of the re volver between my shoulders. ' JSTo, not passed here. Oh, pray ride on to uncle's, they will tell you.' The tension of the situation was maddening me, and I waved excitedly in the direction of the liouse. Again that look of surprise flickered across his face, and then with another salute he wheeled his horse and went 'clattering down the slope toward the river. I heard the ibrute behind me give a grunt— o'f relief, I expect — and 'for an in stant his hold on me relaxed. I do not clearly remember, but I must have wren ched my arm away and with a push o'f the ?door sent him backward, and in a moment I was flying hatless and screaming after the trooper. I saw him look around, turn, and ride back, first at an uncertain trot and then, with a shout, at a furious gallop, and 1 remember no more. The rest is Walter's story, told when for the first time after another long ill ness I could meet him and hear the reci tal. Told, too, under the dear old gums at BanksMe in the lingering glow of a January twilight. ' I had information that Power, the bushranger, was making quiet] v across country by night journeys. I heard o'f him at Bai- ingTiup, and on the day the scoundrel bailed you up I picked up tracks which might be his, and which led through the elip-panel into your uncle's paddock. There I lost them and rode to the school to make enquiries. I saw you at tne win dow. He was behind vou, was he? I suppose he was in the shadow; however, the sight of you put me off my guard. I never dreamt that you, poor thing — (but what followed here was the beginning of another brighter story). When I saw your, face at the door I fancied I had struck a private madhouse until you spoke. Then 1 heard you scream, and the sight when I looked back made me think of the madhouse again, but while riding back I saw a man dodging into the scrub from the hut. You had fainted when I reached you, but I had gone far enough to see your people on the flat uayearting, and a cooey brought them up. I just lifted you into the nearest shade and then made chase. 'He had been camped in hiding in the timber where his horse was left, when, seeing the youngsters leaving, he crept out, expecting, I suppose, to get a drink and some information without much danger. Well, he Was away before I got near him, but I kept him in sight until he made a dash across a bit of rough country and found cover again. His horse whin nied or I would have blundered past him. He was in a clump of bush and got in first shot without effect. My reply broke his pistol arm and he cried enough.' Power was not Walter's only capture that day. He is a sub-inspector now, but he says I am still his superior officer. 