HER GOLDEN SORROW. CHAPTER I.-ContinuCd. 'I have been told that she is here as com panion to Sir Archie's mother. In that case, why doesn't she keep with Sir Archie's mother 4 That is what I wish to have explained to me.' Leonora laughed again. 'I suppose she finds it more amusing to keep with us,' she replied. ' To be always with a bedridden old woman would not be very lively for her, poor thing As it is, she writes for her, roads to her, and keeps her amused with full accounts of all that goes on in the house.' Mrs. Dove was looking into the glass now, and dabbing her face with a plentifully powdered handkerchief. 'Has she informed Mrs. Harper"that you have made- a conquest of her son " Freddy, I wonder ?' she said lightly. ' I hope Freddy in not developir.g into a nuisance,' observed Leonora, frowning just a bit. ' I trusdthe is not going to make him. self .and me ridiculous, mamma.' ' What do you mean hy ' ridiculous'1' You know I have pitied the poor fellow on'account of his peculiarities and because he seemed so grateful for a little kindness; but I certainly don't want him making love to me. If lie is going to do that, mamma, we had better pack up all our belongings and get away from Fair View as quickly as possible,' Mrs Dove had finished the inspection of her face ; she drew a handkerchief from her pocket and drenched it aftesh with eau-do Cologne. 1 ' That from the young woman who since childhood avowed her intention of marrying the first man with sufficient means to keep her in' luxury who asked her I' she said'quite gently, raising. her brows and her shoulders a little. ' Yes, the first man,. xnmamal At my worldliest I said a man, :nob tapoor half-idit] boy like that,' replied Leonora. 'A boy of thirty,' Mrs..Dove said softly, as if speaking to herself - ' a boy with a fortune of about ten thousand a year - a boy with a share in a business that is like a gold-mine.' 'If he had a share in a kingdom as well as in a brewery it would be all the same,' the girl returned with an impatient flush. ' We may be in bad straits enough-it is nothing new with us-hub matters are not yet so bud as to make Freddy Harper aecceptable. Hark -there are the gentleman coming up from the dining-room ! Are you ready 7' L-onora moved to the door ; but, when she reached it, she turned with a heightened colour in her cheeks and a smile on her lips. ' Since affairs are so unsatisfactory, mamma, how would it do if we were to follow the example of Mr. Falkner, who was talking to me at dinner, and remove to foreign climes in search of the fortune which is so unkind to us at home.' Mrs. Dove shook her head. S'Travelling is all very well if.you've a fortune to do it with,' she said.. ' To travel in search of one is too risky, and, for women too disreputable a business. I saw how in -terested you were in Mr. Falkner'i.proceed ings, Leo. I do not know that Iparticularly regret the fact thathe leaves the country- probably for the rest of his life - to-mor row.' \- -Leonora was now however already well on her way to the drawing-room ; and, if she beard the end of her mother's speech, she made no reply. After all, only one gentleman had torn ;himself from the attractions of thle dining 'table. :. ' Where is Sir Archie 7' the ladies at once asked him. S'Coming ! Don't be dlarmed! Freddy ,des6 nded upon us just'now and demanded to hold a consultation with him on some muatter which, -from Freddy's looks, I pre sume was of vital importance. Finding that my presence was not required--Freddy made no bones about telling me so - an embarrassingly straight-forward person is Freddy-I came to throw myself on your mercy.' ' We have been pining for the society of some of you,' Leonora said, with a smile which made her face so charming. ' But what are you among so many ' 'Perhaps, if Mrs. Dove and you, Mrs. Crossley, will temporarily relinguish your share of my society, and if you, Miss Dove, will deign to come out on the balcony with me and listen to the one-armed organ.grinder who is singing beneath the window, the deficiency, numerically considered, may nob be so marked.' ' For my part I fail to see that you will make more of yourself by running away from us,' Mrs. Dove replied ; but she was not really desirous of preventing a tete-a-tete between her daughter and the man who on the morrow would vanish for ever from her sighb ; so she sat down contentedly in her chair and returned to the pages of the ladies' newspaper. Mrs Crossley, the quiet littlo widow, only opened her eyes and smiled upon the pair as they withdrew. The space in front of Fair View being brilliantly lighted, Leonora and her com pinion could see the pleased expression on the dark up'urned face of the Italian as they appeared upon the balcony. ' What a voice the fellow has I' Falkner exclaimed, leaning upon the iron halustarde. A Virginian creeper was growing aboutib; the leaves shone scirlet and orange and crimson in the bright light. He looked. down thoughtfully upon the singer, and listened for a space. ' I wish I could sing,' he murmured presently, with a sigh. * It must be a relief to pour out one's soul in beautiful music after that fashion, eapecially if one is a poor crippled beggar the utter ances of whose soul would nob .be other wise likely to receive very much attention.' ' I have been taught to sing,' Leonora said, 'ut I do not sing particularly well. Oer tainly I do not pour out my soul-perhaps it is that I haven't one.' 'Perhaps,' he acquiesced quietly. Mr Flkner had a soft voice, anud usually spoke in low unemotional tones. He was a quiet unremarkable man of medium height, with dark complexion and hair. 'And dO you think that is a 'good thing for me, Mr Falkner ' ' said Leonora, her tone a little piqued." ' Oh, I don't know; it depends,' he re: turned abst'ractedly, his eyes fixed on .the Italian singer to whose sweet notes he was listening.. ' Addio, addio, Leonora- addio I ' he hummed presently, as the man, his song fnished, departed. Then he turned quickly and, with his back leaning against the balus trade, looked at the girl beside him. ' You also are Leonora, are you not ' he said.' " Leonora-at your service '-with a little mock courtesy-' but without a soul, remem ber. Mr Falkner, I suppose you know that you are very impolite 1' ' Never mind; I won't bore you by apolo. gising-1 shall be gone to-morrow. By this time to-morrow night you will have forgotten my existence perhaps. ' People without souls forget so easily, I suppose ' ' Oh, yes'-very calmly-' they forget l' They were silent for a while, and then he spoke ac;,in. ' All things considered,' he said, ' although the happiness of our acquaintance has lasted such a little time, an 1 although I shall in all human probability never see you again, I am glid to have known you.' 'Is that your deliberate conclusion 1' ' Yes. The time his been shorh here, and it is going to be long- appallingly long else. where; I shall have plenty of time in which to remember. And I shall not, thanks to you, easily forget my last two or three weeks in England,' S.Her voice was not qnitarso steady as usual. The tremor in it thrilled him to the heart. 'Why do you say you' will not see me again ?' she asked. 'I do not know that you need say that. A voyage to America is nothing nowndays. I myself may be going out to Peru for a pleasure-trip. You may ,be coming home in a year, in two yeara. F -T shall be above ground, I hope-some where on the face of the earth-discoverable.' ' It is not at all likely that 1 shall come homn,' he said almost roughly. 'England. and I have seen about enough of each other. It isn't a country for a gentleman with empty pockets to live in.. Unless I fill mine-and I suppose I am likelier to starve than do so -I shall not come back.' 'Matters are unequ'lly apportioned in .this world,' Leonora r n marked, after a pause. 'Some men are dist?encingly rich, and some -who may be far, far nicer-have nothing.' 'And some women are distractingly pretty while others-I don't know whether they are nice or not, though I don't think they are are awfully plain. Matters are unequal, certainly; but no donbt it is pleasant enough to those who have the beauty and the money,' he said thoughtful!y, quietly regarding Leonora. She leaned farther over the parapet that her face might be in shade. 'Beauty and money ! I don't see what the two have to do with each other.' ' Don't you 7' he rejoined. ' It hlis always seemr'd to me that they have a great deal to do with each other.' Then a silence, which was not wearisome or meaningless, fell between them. Leonora looked away from him to the path of light cast by the moon on the sea. .' What a glorious night,' she remarked. 'I wish all the rest,'-glancing at Marine PaL:ade, with its row of gas-lamps iend peop'e -' were away, leaving the stretch of sand and the sea with the silver path-' Slih broke off suddenly and turned swif ly to him. ' Mr F.lkner, if I wHee quite sure that this was our list meeting, I should like to talk to you, to ask you to advise me, to tell you things-' 'Better not, better not !' he interrupted quickly, with a sudden fear. Then seeing the pain and astonished expression' on her face, he laughed, but not very mirthfully. ' I might get up to-morrow morning early and proolaim your sectets from the house tops, after the fashion of p,ýople intrusted with secrets,' he said. ' Don't tell me what you would not tell all the world-I warn you I' She took no heed ot his warning, however. 'Do you think it is right for a girl io murry for monoy.l You-you who are so entirely without sentiment that it may nit appear to you so wrong as it appears to some people.' . 'It depends on the girl,' he answered slowly. 'Of; course you are, speaking of yourself. To you mon,:y is indispensib!e, I suppose ?7' .' The things that money can buy are,' she said doubbfully-' at least, m 'mma seems to think so. I-don't know. I want you to tell me.' ' I sh,uld say that Mrs D ,ve waa right. This'-touching the soft silk texture of her white dress-' and these beautiful idle hands ' -placing his fingers upon them for an in stant as they lay clasped on the balustrade before her-' these mean money, do they not? Perhaps, if you can manage to secure a few other-attraoticns besides money when you marry, you may stand a better chance of making marriage a success.' \- 'I note the tone of your voice, \and I unde.stand it,' she said bit to, ly. ' Of courte I know what it means. It means that with all your heart you despise me and all the other women- situated as I am !' He did not htstoen to deny the impeach went.; but presently he said 'How are you situated 1 "Tell me.'. ' My mother and I have our pensions-she as the widow of a major in the Army, I as his daughter. Except these pensions, we don't possess a penny. We have expensive tastes-at least, people say so ; I don't know. We are in with a set of people who have money; we live as though we had it too. We are always in d.bt up to our eyes." There is nothing for us to look forward to hut my marriage. If I were only out of the. way, disposed of, provid 'd for, my mother-I h rte to think of it !-might marry too. She has the chance, but she will not take it while I r.main on on her hands-or rather she cannot accept it. I know that much. Wilh "the sort of poverty which we endure-not always being able, without manoeuvring, to obtain food to eat (our landlady and our tradees people are invariably rude to us), yet having to be always smart, mixing with smart people, and to appear as if our spirit, were free from care-sentiment is out of the qu"ation. Mtimma and I do not disguise from each other therefore that a gaod marriage would he the greatest earthly good that could come to me. We do not of course commit the vulgarity of saying plainly to each other- that I must marry- foy money but we understand, and-we go where money is !' 'And it is to that fact '-drily-' that I am indebted for the pleasure of meeting you in Sir Archie Harper's house?' ' Yes. Doesn't it, stated plainly, sound desplicable ? It is well we do not often put .such facts into words-I have never done so before.' They were both silent for a moment; then Leonora, in whose voice there was again a dangerous tremor, said 'I don't know why I have told you; I have never said so much before even to my mother. I have known you so short a time, too; but I have always wante I to tell you to talk to you about myself. Something I don't know what-has made me long to explain to you-to m ike you understand -' ' I know,' Falkner interruptel quickly-' 1 understand. If I-if you-if fate-' His voice sank into a whisper, and he broke off and turned suddenly from her. Then suddenly, and with intense bitterness in his tone. ' f have not a penny in the world; I have not the ghost of a prospect. I am powerless-tied hand and foot.' ' We are c inpanions in misfortune,' the girl said, striving to speak lightly ; but she was very pale and her voice quivered. ' We must take the tgooda the gods send us and be thankful, I suppose. . Mamma thinks they are going to send me-Freddy Harper.' ' Freddy Harper ? Good he vens-no, not that ! ' Falkner cried, looking at her wilh startled eyes. Leonora n1uched. 'No-I must *draw the line somewhere. Not Freddy Harper, I promise you I' she said. Then she raised her arms.from the railing and turned abruptly away. 