. CHAPTER III. The funeral of Sir Barnabas took place in due course, and Adrian and the other relatives who were present returned to the Hail to hear the will read. Sir Barnabas Harengay's will was a very simple one. Prepared on the assumption that young Bartholomew would succeed to the title and the estates, it gave all tho testator's property to him, stibje t to an annuity, of £o;iQ a year to Adrian, and some legacies to relatives, friends, and charities. " Under the circumstances that means that everything practically goes to me. I suppose?" said Adriau bluntly, when Sir. Temperley, the family solicitor, had finished reading the will. " Er—assuming that Bartholomew Haren gay is dead that would bo so," answered the lawyer in a cautious tone. Adriau gave a snort of* vexation at the "quibble," as he called it, raised by the lawyer. "What proof is there, of Bartholomew's death ?" queried Sir. Texuperley. "The man Nettweli, with whom he was in the cave, saw him carried away by the ru-h of water through-what they call the Sticks Hole, and he has never been seen agaiu," Adrian replied decisively. "OF course he's dead. Any court of law would say that he was, I imagine." "Well," rejoined Mr. Temperley in his calm, unruffled tones, "'I don't know so much about that. The proper- course, if Bsirtholomew Hurengay or his body is not discovcrod, would be to throw the estate into Chancery ; but I always wish to avoid litiga tion myself, although I'm a lawyer, and as it rests with me to advise the executors and trustees, I would propose that the present company be taken as forming a court, and should hear whatever evidence there may be to be brought before them. If they decide that Bartholomew is dead, then you shall be permitted to enter into possession without further trouble, but not otherwise." "It seems a stupid thingtome altogether," answered Adrian impatiently; but in a tone of confidence he added, " It's preposterous. There cannot be two opinions about the matter. Still, if it will settle your scruples, I've no objection to your proposal. There can be only one conclusion—that Bartholomew is dead." " Very well, then," said the lawyer, with a sarcastic ring in.his voice that somehow made Adrian begin to feel a bit uneasy, " we will have James Nettweli in to begin with." Poaching Jim was shown in. and he gave a rough but graphic account of the lad's fall into the water, and how he (Jim) had tried to rescue him at the risk of his own life. " You are quite sure that he slipped in?" asked Mr. Temperley. ".You did not push him in ?" As he asked this, the lawyer looked hard, first at Adrian and then at the witness. Adrian's lips tightened visibly, but Jim kept his countenance well. " Me push 'im in !" he cried indignantly. " I wouldn't a-'art a 'air 'o tho boy's 'ed I What should I awant to push 'im in. for ?" His questioner took no notice of this- pro test. , " JDo you know where the water goes to after it leaves the Sticks-Hole ?" he asked. I "No, nor nobody else does, and nobody never will." assert©! the man. " Oh, indeed!" said the lawyer quietly, as he turned and rang the bell. "Robert," to the servant who answered the ring, " show Mr. Stanley and his com panion in." The company all knew Mr. Stanley,'who was a neighbouring landed proprietor and a great friend of old Sir Barnabas, and some of them had remarked it as strange that he had only sent his carriage to the funeral instead of attending personally. But who the "com panion " might be, no one could guess, and there was a look of expectation on every face. The next moment this turned to a look of j bewilderment, and they were all staring as at: a ghost. Jim cried aloud for mercy, and Adrian made a bolt for the door, but he found it locked from the outside. Mr." Stanley's companion was none other than young Bartholomew Hareugay, in the flesh, looking alive and remarkably woll! The proceedings were interrupted for some minutes by the clamour of congratulations which arose from all except two of the assembled company, and as soon as order bad been restored, Mr. Temperley turned to the lad. " Now, Sir,"—with a marked stress on the ••sir"—"now. Sir Bartholomew, will you please tell us what happened ?" "Well," said the boy, "I'd gene with Jim to the Sticks-Hole to look at the flood, and when we were at the far end of the cave, just over, the mouth of the. hole, I felt a suddcu push from behind, and I fell into the water. " I can swim, but before I could strike out I was sucked down into the hole. It was full of water, rushing along at a tremendous rate, and my head scraped the top os I was carried along. I thought it was all over with me, but I kept my- mouth shut and held my breath, and in a few seconds I knew I had got out of the hole and was in a more lofty place, for my head popped, up out of the water and I could breathe again. "It was pitch dart, and I didn't know which way to swim, so I just floated and let the stream take me where it likid. After a little while I fouud tlie current growing stronger again, and then I could tell I was in another sort of tunnel, but it was bigger than the first, for I could keep my head out of the wuter as I was carried along. - "This tunnel led into another cave which was not quite dark, and I could see a dim light coming in throngh a hole u little wuy up on one side. I made for this light, hut found the side was a .wall of rock, which I followed till I came to another opening where the water left the cave again. I didn't want to be carried out of this cave, for I thought there mast be a cbancc of escape through .the hole where the light came in, so I swum buck and crossed the current without being drawn into the hole and kept round the side till I found a place where I could climb up. I was jolly glad to get out of the wuter, I can tell you," cried the boy, "for it was awfully cold. * - " Well," he continued, "I was on a narrow ledge of rock, aud I crept along on my hands and knees towards the light, and after a lot of trouble I got up to it and scrambled through the hole into a big cavern. This cavern was much higher than the other one, and was quite dry, and after shaking myself up a bit, you know, 1 made for the entrance, where it wus quite light. There I found myself on the hillside just above Mr. Stanley's, and I knew that the cave I had come out of was * Betty's Cupboard.* "That'sall," finished the lud simply. "I met 3Ir. Stanley almost as soon as I got on to the hill, and when I told him what had happened to me he took me home with him and smuggled me into his house, and I've been there ever since." \- "Yes," said Mr. Stanley, "that is correct. I deemed it better to keep my young friend out of barm's way in case any further mis chief might be attempted against him. He must have travelled quite a third of a mile underground, for he came' out on the other side of Sticks Peak. . ■ "Iat once rode over to Harengay Hall, but I was too late. The news had reached poor old Sir Barnabas, who was then uncon scious, and Dr. Hickson told me he could not possibly recover. I informed the. doctor. of the facts, which he undertook to convey to the patient it he rallied; but Sir Barnabas died the same*night." , " That was so," assented Dr. Hickson. * " I was at the bedside of our dear old friend until bis last breath, and. he never saw or understood anything again.'' - Have you anything to say F" asked Mr. Temperley of Jim. "I ought to warn you," he added, "that you stand in a;very serious position, and that you urc not obligod to say anything unless you like." "I don' care for that, sir," cried Jim. " The j'oung squire's a little brick, and I've only been sorry onco as I ever bad laid a hand ou 'im—and that's been ever sin* ! I shouldn't a-done it only he (pointing to Adrian) led me on with a promise of a 'undred pounds if it came* off. I've never *ad a wink o' sleep, 'arilly, since I did it, a-thinkiu' o' the poor little chap as I thought I'd killed; and I'm right glad, whatever becomes o' me, that he's alive—that I am 1" " And have you any explanation to make, Mr. Adriau Harengay F" asked the lawyer. " You also are in a serious position." "I've nothing to say," cried Adrian, i vicionsly, "except that the man's a liar, and: so arc you! I never saw the fellow at all. and I know nothing about it. My ' position,' as you call it, is right enough. I want none of your threats ! Perhaps you will open this door aud save yourself uu action for false imprisonment.'' "Not so fast, sir," said Mr. Temperley, sternly. " Even if that door is opened you will find two police officers waiting in the hall, and it depends entirely upon the course we determine to tako whether they are ordered to apprehend you or not." Adrian's bravado left him at once and, like the mean hound that he had all his life proved himself to be, he turned to his young nephew and appealed for. mercy. ■ . " Bart!" he cried. " Don't let them send me to prison. I never meant " • " Stop !" 6aid Mr. Temperley. Then ne turned with a grim smile towards the "court," as he culled it. "Well, gentlemen," he remarked, with withering sarcasm, 4' I think the court can, at all events, .decide the point which it was agreed to leave to it. Is Bartholomew Harengay dead F" " No," they all cried, "and may God bless him, and reward the man who had schemed his death according to his deserts !" 3Tor tho sake of the family name the rantter was hashed up, and everybody, except those actually in tho secret, thought that little Sir Bartholomew's adventure was au accident. Jim was forgiven, but it Imd such an effect upon him that he became d sober, boncst fellow, and was ultimately , installed as a keeper on tho estate, aud for the rest of his life he made .it his dnty to watch and guard the young man he had tried to murder, which he aid with a vigilance almost like that of a faithful dog. . Adrian took up his abode at a continental [watering place, liying on his annuity and his gains at cards until about in a couple of years ho was shot dead in a gaming saloon where he hud been discovered at his old tricks of cheating. r The ovonts here told happened many years - since, and others have now explored the caves through which the plucky youngster swam, but they have all entered them the rcverso way, . aud Sir Rntholomew ; Harengay stlU • enjoys the unique distinction of being the only living being who has ever been through the Sticks-Hole. 