the ghost at tantallon. s N AUSTRALIAN CHRISTMAS STORY. BY W.W. Said Colonel Poyntz, the new proprie- r of Tantallon Station property, to his friend, Mr Hereward, as they sat on the verandah of the new homestead, "Could : b»-re be a wider diiierence between this the scenes in which we spent our Christmas?" Scarcely, it is very beautiful, but j eadfully weird-looking and lonely. > hose plains to the right seem to be in- . minable, and the far line of hills are ,u the hazy clouds at sea that make 'idsmen believe they are land. That j l; bushland seems grim enough to be ,.i. haunt of evil things, and the creek . , idiug down there amid its fringe of . ; ttle and rush, gleams in the moou- i .'Jit like a writhing serpent. You won't , i'e (o live much at Tantallon, Poyntz." The Colonel laughed. "No; I'm a gre- : : l ious being. But the old Hall at home 'was lordly in its way too. I think I see low, with the snow lying heavy on the ,.irk. and weighing down the branches , .i' the old trees in the churchyard. 'Tis . Tristmas Eve, Hereward, and the lights -.."11 be blazing to-night from every wiu- <>. w in the old Hall. There will be holly .tail ivy in every corner, aye, and mistle- 1 and wassail will be drunk with many a 'Hail!' and ghost stories will b? srid "while the Yule log is blazing. By in way, I suppose there are no ghosily icgeuds in Australia; the country is too .voong." "It is as old as ours, and the natives i ive known it. I cau fancy the spirits of the dark race stalking over the plains -! at were once their own, and wailing tb(. coming of the paleface, who had al most exterminated their race, with his ;:uiu of disease and drink." Again light- hearted Colonel Poyntz laughed. "You had always a romantic vein in you, Hereward. I never even believed in the family ghost at Poyntz Hall." didn't know there was one." "You may ask tny mother about that. She believes as firmly iu it as does every oil., of the old servants. A famous an cestor of ours, who was beheaded in the time of the second Charles, is iu the habit of perambulating the terrace on the anniversary of his death, with his head under his arm. Now could absur- ditv go farther than such a belief V Jacob," and the Colonel called to an ehlerlv man who was passing the end of the verandah at that moment. "Yes, sir." _ . "Have you any ghosts in Australia.' "You needn't go far to find one. sir. There's one appears down below at Old Tantallon." "Who! e's that?" "Tne old homestead, sir. where old Dm nan used to live when he squatted here and for years after. You cau see tli" place there to the right, sir, ueai the creek among them trees." "A ghost at Tantallon! There you are, Hereward. I hope you are satisfied. Is :i ilie ghost of a blackfellow, Jacob.' "No. sir-, it's the spirit of a white mau. ami a spirit that has the right to appear, for in Dm body be was murdered. You needn't laugi at it, Colonel Poyntz. for it's true, and I've seeu the spirit of James Wilson myself." " Then there can he no possible doubt that there is a ghost at Tantallon. re turned the colonel; "so sit you down I acre and tell mv friend. Mr Hereward, story. As for me, I have some let ters to write, and will be out of the I I :> v while you tell it." Jacob Smith sat down on the edge ot a verandah, and, having satisfied ' uself that Mr Hereward really wisli- io hear the story, began it promptly. U s nearer thirty than twenty year since old Duncan came here, and anted on Government land, and m the beginning he had James \N ij- .. another elderly Scotchman, with a. I think they were partners, but i not sure. I've been on Tantallon . years myself now. and it's five since Duncan die. For four years IVil- : ; ' s ghost lias appeared at the old aesiead every Christmas Eve, and ill appear till liis body is found and -"led." "Ii is not old Duncan's ghost, then-' 'No. sir. I'm going to tell you a.i mt it. Old Duncan was one of the anest men that ever lived, and be- mlged himself the very bite he a'e. "re were continual rows between m and Wilson, who didn't believe in ng stinted of food, clothes and cca. However it was between them nt the few hundred sheep they a zed. and sheared every year. Dun- u kept the purse, and stuck to it with right grasp; and what luck conhl the 1 miser expect? He died a dreadful i tli this night five years. '1 was shepherding on this part of : e run theu, for the gentleman that ' oionel Poyntz bought the station from, 'id. feeling lonely on Christmas eve. > want of a better place, went down " Duncan's. The door was ajar, and iier calling out. I went inside. There as no fire in the big chimney, and no 'glit in either room. I struck a match, and lit a bit of candle I found on the r able, and then I went into the bed room with it in my hand. "There were two bunks in the back room of the but, and old Duncan's was behind the door. I looked there first, end what I saw I will remember only too well to m." i.yifag day. Duncan was lying on i.-e l/r<d, dressed as ho usually was, ami/ between his two hands, clenched £nd stiffened on his breast, was a sn/jali tiu paunikin. Ho was evidently >on the point of death but still conscious, and he spoke be tween his clenched teeth three words. "When he heard me enter, his rolIin- eyeballs turned toward me. As if he bad been galvanised, his hands un clenched. and the paunikin dropped with a rattle to the floor. His right Wilson's bunk, aud stiffened in the posi tion as he said, with an effort that was his last, 'I've— murdered— Wilson!' There was a loug pause between each word, if he wanted to till up the gaps lie couldn't have done it; and as he said the last his bodv arched stifllv and in horrible agouv lie gasped his last breath. No man who had ever witnessed the action of strychnine could douht from what cause he died There was plenty of stryehuine for use among the sheep, aud old Duncan had taken a dose of it." 'Twas a case of suicide, then?" Mr Hereward asked. "There was no doubt of it in the minds of the jury at the inquest, sir; he had quarrelled with Wilson, and iu the heat of passion perhaps murdered him. Then his conscience made life an im possibility. and ho took his own.' "Where was Wilson's body found, then'.'" "It lias not been found to this day. sir. Old Duncan was a strong man. and he may have carried it to the creek. But. more likely, it is buried in the old orchard. 1 made some search myself; but. of course, I bad no r glit 10 (hi it. especially as there were fools that said Wilson was not dead at all." "What reasons have yon for being certain that he is. Jacob?" "Good God. sir; hadn't I the man's own dying words for it? Didn't he say. 'I've murdered Wilson?' aud didn't his hand stiffen in death pointing to Wilson's bed? When I took the candle over to the hunk I saw that there was a pool of blood in it. and the blood was actually bespattered on the wall." "Weil, sir, in a year alter that awful night George Milton, a mate of mine, was passing the old homestead about midnight, a thing he wouldn't have done if lie had been quite sober, though you had given him five pounds to do it. The place had g.'i a had name through the murder and suicide, and not a man on the run would consent to live in it for love or money. George saw' the spirit of Wilson in the old orchard, and at first thought it was some living lie- in". hut when the moon fell upon the awful white face he knew it. ana ran. "I hardlv believed it myself, sir, un til the next Christmas eve. when I watched, and saw James Wilson as olain as I see you. Three times since I've seen the same spirit, hut I ne\ ei couid pluck up courage to speak to it. i hey say, you know, Mr Hereward. tnat if you ear speak to a spirit it breaks the spell, aud it is allowed to tell you what is troubling it." "1 have heard that; and what do you think is troubling the spirit of James Wilson, Jacob?" "His body remains unburiod. sir. or perhaps his savings are hidden some where about the old place, and he wants them to go to someone near and dear to him in his old Scotch home." At this point there was a laugh from the open wiudow. and they raw that Colonel Poyntz was sitting inside smok ing. and that he had heard the whole story. "Of course, the poor fellow is looking for his own bones!" he cried, "but he may lie thankful he hasn't to carry his head under his arm. as one ghost at the Hall does. Are you going to interview James Wilsou agaiu to-n:giit. Jacob?" "No, sir. I determined thai 1 would never go agaiu. For weeks after see ing it I am quite nervous and upset : for, you see. 1 believe that the dead return, sir. though you do not." And Jacob, feeling really angry that his ghost story should be made a mockery of. rose and went away. "THERE IS THE OLD VILLAIN COMING T ) MOCK ME." "I'm afraid I've annoyed the poor old fellow." the Colonel said, contritely, "but I couldn't, for the life of me, help it. The whole theory of spiritual re- visilations seems to me so utterly unten able and idiotic that 1 see only the ab surd side of ghost stories." -What do you say to a ramble dowu as far its the old homestead lo-niglit?" questioned Hereward: "if there is any thing to see, we should at least see it." "I have tto objection in life, only I warn you that I shall take a revolver, and have a shot at the ghost ol' Tantal lon if I see it. If there has been any appearance, it lias been that of a living man. who is. for some object of bis own. imposing on tlie credulity of poor Jacob and other such simpleions. I will get my revolver, and go with you. for it is after eleven, and the ghost's hour of release is, of course, the mystic twelve." "From midnight until the first cock crows. IV ell. Poyntz, in the face of all the wonderful things that none of our grandfathers could have credited, yet are becoming assured to us day by day, I dare not say that the spirits of dead men and women do not on occasions re visit the earth." "There is one tiling that science litis, however, never discovered, mv friend, and that is the spirit itself. Where in the body is it located? Of what es sence is it formed? They 'ell us iu the Scriptures that 'the blood is the life.' and that is certain enough; when a man's veins are drained of it he d'es. But where lies the soul that is said to eseape with the life, no man has told us or ever will to11 The whole mat- ter is one of the inscrutable mysteries that we shall never know." "Until we know as we are known," murmured Hereward. "And begin to ramble back to earth on our own account lietween midnight niid cockcrow!" cried tlie irrespressible Colonel. "Come. let us see what this particular ghost is made of at all events." The two gentlemen went down by the line of creek following the belt of bushes on its bank, so as to avoid ob servation. and soon arrived in the shadow of the big trees that surround ed the old hut. around which was a visible neglect and decay as well as al most the silence of death itself. It was a hut of two looms with a door and two small windows in the front that faced the creek. Tlie blinds over the windows were 10.11 and soiled, the green drip from overhanging branches had made long, sl'.my tracks down the slab sides of the lonely look ing tenement. Tlie grass bad grown long and thick oil the timshold — it was only too evident that not for many years had a footstep crossed that door step. The colonel tried the latch, but it was fast. "Let us go round to the back," he said, "there is sure to be some entrance that way." The back door was open, and had been so for many a day; the top hinge was broken and tlie door bad dropped some inches from tlie post. The gentle men entered the kitchen into which some moonbeams penetrated through a small wiudow near the wide chimney. "A gruesome lookiug place," said Poyntz, as lie looked round the room, while his friend stood inside the door, and was steadily gazing up the old or chard. The"e was about an acre of it in which ilie crooked old apple trees had spread broad branches that laid deep shadows on the grass. "Gome here. Poyntz," Mr Hereward said, in a low lone, and the Colonel quickly stood beside him. "There is a figure up yonder. I saw it a miuute ago, under thai biggest tree. There it is again and it's moving this way. It was certainly so. Plainly to be seen, as it crossed slowly, and with ap parent unsteadiness, the patches of moonlight between tlie apple trees, a tall, thin form, with bowed shoulders and attenuated frame, moved down the old orchard. It seemed of a grey hue. and the bowed bead was covered with a broad SYoh bonnet. "Tlie ghost, by heaven!" said Colonel Poyntz. as he handled his revolver. "We'll see now if there's anv flesh about it!" Hereward caught bis friend's arm. "For God's sake stop. Poyntz! It is a liv ing being. You would not commit a mur der in cold lilnorl! What a terrible face! The man is ill!" The figure was Hearing the lint, evid- ently with the intention of entering by the door at which the friends stood. Both drew back into the deep shadow, at the front, while the tottering being entered, holding on by the door post to assist his almost helpless limbs to cross the thresh old. Then he turned, and uttered a bitter moan. "For the last time," be said, as he looked out on the old orchard, "and all for nothing!" and then he turned to a hugh cupboard near the fireplace, and drew the door to him. The gentlemen had remained almost breathless in their anxiety to watch the mysterious being. When he entered the cupboard and drew the door behind him, there was a slight grating sound, and then silence. "There is a cellar. We are on the eve of solving this mystery," said _ the Colonel. "Follow me," and putting his re volver in a convenient pocket, he lit a small lantern he had thoughtfully provid ed himself with, aud opened the cup board door. Behind it was a row of nar row shelves, empty, save for old bits of torn paper and a thick coating of dust. The Colonel saw that these shelves were attached to another door, for the being who had just passed through had not drawn it very closely behind him. Down tlie few steps, formed of worn slates, the gentleman went, followed closely by Mr Hereward. It was surely a small cellar in which they found themselves, stretching under the kitchen and partly under the bed room of the hut. So near the Colonel's tall head was the floor above that he had to stoop down when be passed under a joist. Through a couple of holes low on the ground, outside the faint moonlight was visible, yet the air was damp and unwholesome. No won der that the face of one who had lived there for years should have been taken for the face of a dead mau. A bucket of water stood uear a low stretcher, on which lay the form they had seen pass through the kitchen. Ghastly, and breathing hard, the man's eyeballs turned helplessly to the new comers. He was evidently too ill to speculate or to care on what business they had come. Poyutz set his lan- lem on a stool, and, having opened it, so lhat tlie light should fall upon the wretched bed, he stooped over the sick man. "So." he said, grimly, "you are the ghost, of Old Tantallon?" "I am James Wilson." was the reply, "and I am a dying man. Whatever is your business here let me die iu peace- it" 1 can." Colonel Poyntz unscrewed the top from his pocket-liask, poured a little spirits into the lid. added water from the bucket at bis l'eet, aud beld it to Wil son's lips. "Drink thai; it will enable you to tell us how you managed to make people believe you were dead all these years, aud that old Duncan had murdered you." Wilson swallowed the cordial with difficulty, and spoke hurriedly, "There's no use hiding the truth now, for I'm a dyiug man. It was uot my fault that people accused old Duncan wrongfully, but I was here in this cellar when Jacob found him dying, and said the words that convicted himself, and I was glad that the murder should not be traced to me." "To you! What murder?" "The murder of old Duncan. It was me that poisoned him." "Surely your mind is astray. Duncan's words were plain enough." "They were misunderstood. What he wanted to say was, 'I've been murdered by Wilson.' but the words stuck in his dyiug throal as mine are sticking now. Oh, God! what a terrible deed, and all for nothing— nothing!" "Tell us about it, if you cau. If your words are true the only atonement yon cau make to the memory of the old man is to confess your own guilt. Take a few drops more of the spirits aud con fess." "It was not all my fault. If Duncan had only given me my own he might have been alive this night. I had an equal share in all, but lie cheated me out of it. I had hard work to get five shillings, now and then, while he added sovereign after sovereign to his bag until it was so full that: it could chink no longer. I couldn't get enough to eat either, aud I had no hope at last only that he would die and that I should get all. "But he had no notion of dyiug. not he, and we lived a life of hell — quar relling from day to day. 1 watched him every hour io find out iu what new corner he had hidden Ins Hoard, for he was always changing it about; and when I had a pretty good guess where to lay my hand on it 1 made up my mind he should never live to hide it in another place. "One day my chance came. Duncan felt sick, and began to quake with fear that he should (lie. We had a few fowls grubbing about tbe orchard, and I proposed to make bim some broth, de claring that it was the miserable diet that was killing liirn. I killed the fowl, and in doing it managed to out my hand pretty severely. That was the blood scattered on my trunk as I tore off a bit of tbe sheet to bandage it. I per suaded tbe old mau to lie down, and when the broth was ready I mixed enough of strychnine in it to finish him. 1 thought he was dead just before I heard Jacob's step, and I held his hands on the pannikin till they seemed to stiffen ou it. for my idea was to make it appear a suicide. "When I heard the step I darted to the cellar that we had always kept a secret' Yon know the rest. I have been searching ever since for the old miser's money, and never found the hag." "How have yon managed to live for these five years?" "Donald M'Crea, my brother-in-law, has known all along, and I had a few pounds saved of my own. M'Crea is hut-keeping on the next station, and hoped to share old Duncan's plant when I found it But I never found it, and there is the old villain coming to mock me!"' The wreched in an had risen suddenly to point to a dark corner of the cellar. The Colonel put his fingers on the bony wrist and with the other hand gently pushed the dying man back to his pillow. "There is nothing there, Wilson. Try to ask your God to forgive you, for your time is short" "I cannot pray! You — you " and be was gone. "May the Lord have mercy on his soul!" It was Mr Hereward who mur mured the words, as Colonel Poyntz drew a corner of the old blanket over the awful dead face. Under the orders of the Colonel there was a general overturn of the old homestead on the morning after Boxing Day. A party of men pulled every stick and stone of it down. Whatever might be made use of in any other way was carted from the spot and after an exhaustive search the cellar was filled up. When the site had been levelled, and sown with grass seed, the Colonel turned to old Jacob with a grim smile— "I hope you will own now that the ghost of old Tantallon has been finally laid?" "Not a bit of it, sir. If it was a mock ghost that deceived us before we'll have the real one now. The spirit of James Wilson is sure to haunt the place until the money is found." The Colonel laughed at the old man's obstinate belief, but there are those still living in the district who declare that the shadowy grey form, with the broad shoulders and drooping Scotch bonnet over its ghastly face, is still to be seen gliding noiselessly in the or chard at Old Tantallon. And the miser's plant bas never yet been discovered. 