TIlE DAUNJTING FACE. It was a typical November day, with a thick fog and pouring rain, and, in consequence the smoking-room of the Artists' Club in Burleigh-street, Strand, was well filled with smokers. The conversation turned upon ghosts, the general opinion being against their existence. 'Can you find anyone,' said Grey, puffing fiercely at a large black pipe, ' who can truthfully say he has seen a ghost ?' ' Yes; I can say so.' The voice came from a remote corner of the room, and all eyes were imme diately turned in that direction; and presently a tall thin man emerged from behind a thick cloud of smoke, and joined the circle. ' Why, Field, old chap l' exclaimed several of the men, ' when did you come back from America ? We had no idea you were here !' ' Last night,' answered Field, quietly dropping into a chair in the centre of the group. He was a man of forty, just turning grey, tall and strongly built, with steel blue eyes, that had a peculiar way of glittering in the semi-darkness. ' Let us have your experience of ghosts, old man" said Grey, who had first spoken. ' But remember, it must be a good tale of facts, and no fiction.' ' Fact it certainly will be,' replied the other; 'whether you will believe it, I cannot say. Bi-t here goes for what it is worth.' ' Most ofyou know Sir JohnTerrance, of Pepper Harrow, near Godalming?' ' Rather,' answered most of these present. ' Well, last Christmas I spent a week at the Grange. It is a splendid old house, and stands in magnificent grounds I would not venture to say how many hundreds of years the house and estate have been in the family of the Terrances, but in Cromwell's time they were well known, and were staunch Royalists, throwing in their lot with King Charles, and afterwards with Prince Charlie. ' Strangely enough, there were only a small number of guests during my stay there, and I therefore saw a good deal of I errance ; and a capital host he made, I can assure you. The day after my arrival it poured continually, and I was prevented from going out. I was left to myself in the morning, as Ter rance had business totransact with the steward,'and his wife was unwell. I strolled into the library-a large room on the right of the entrance-in order to find a book I wished to refer to. I may be tedious, but I must describe this room to you. It is panelled entirely in black oak, which gives it a. somewhat sombre appearance; but there is a large square window opening on to the terrace, that throws a fair amount of light into the otherwisedark apartment. The furniture is massive and antique. A large knee-hole table stand sideways to the window, with a most comfortable leather-covered chair in front of it; there are also several more or less easy chairs scattered throughout the room; and there are two or three heavy book cases, well filled with volumes of refer ence, and also books for lighter reading. Several old oil-paintings hung upon the walls; and over the fire place, which is and old-fashioned open one, for burning logs, are tne arms of the Terrances carved in stone. At the far end of the room, and opposite the window, there is another door, but made so as to appear part of the panelling..... ' When I entered the room I was somewhat surprised to see a man, dressed as a Roman Catholic priest, sitting at the table in the window, busily writing. I knew that Terrance was a Roman Catholic; but when I met the various guests the' night besore, no priests was among them, and I knew Ghat no fresh guest had arrived that morning. I apologised formy intrusion, and was just crossing to a bookcase, when the man looked up, as a person who is'at a loss fora word when writing might do. 'At sight of his face my footstews were arrested. Never has it been my lot to look upon such a face before. Have you ever imagined Judas's face when the thirty pieces of silver had been counted out to him, and he had realised the paltriness to the amount compared with what he ' had lost? What utter despair must have been pourtrayed when he came and threw down the thirty pieces for which he had bartered his soul ! ' Directly i saw the man's face, Judas came into my mind, for I saw before me the face of a lost soul. It hell, that people of the present day have satisfac torily disposed of, is peopled with such faces as the one I saw, fire and brim stone are not niecessary adjuncts. During my time I have seen men writhing in physical pain, but their faces were calm and peaceful compared with the one before me. His torture was mental-remorse; the worm that dieth not had her fangs deeply-set in his brain. It I could I would describe this face I saw; but words are quite inade quate. ' The man presently rose, taking no notice of me, and, gathering up -his papers, hurried across the room, dis appearing through the door at the far end. 'I got the book I required, and was about to leave the room, when SirJohn Terrance came in. ' ' I have been looking for you every where. Field,' hesaid. 'Come to my den, and have a smoke and a chat. I have finished my work at last, thank goodness.' "All right, old man; but where do yoi keep your family chaplain ?' S' Family chaplain! \We have no such luxury.' ' Indeed i Why, I have just seen somebody very like one; but I cannot congatulate you upon the look in his face-it haunts me now; and I am atraid I shall have bad dreams to night.' ' ' if you have seen a priest here, Field, he must have been a ghost, for there is certainly no living one in the house. But come to my sitting room, and tell me all about it; you have roused my curiosity.' ' ' Very well ; but first tell me where that door leads to'-pointing to the one through which the priest had passed. ' ' That is only a cupbolrd a leads nowwhere. Come and look for your self.' ' We crossed the room and opened the door, and sure enough it was as he said; there was only a long dark cup board, lined with black oak, similar to that in the room. \- When we reached the comfortable room that Terrance made his study, and had each lighted a cigar, I was pressed for my tale. ' At the close of it Terrancecontinued smoking; but I noticed a troubled look on his face. ' Would you recognise the priest,' he asked, ' if you saw his portrait ?' '' Most certainly,' I answered. ' It is a face I shall never forget-a face I wish I had never seen.' 'Come.with me to the picture gallery, and pick him out,' he said quietly, leading the way out of the room. ' The picture gallery was at the back of the Grange, running its whole breadth, and it was lighted by means of a glass roof. The floor was of black oak, polished like a mirror; and the walls were completely covered with portraits of bygone ancestors of my host. 'We walked slowly along the gallery until presently I stopped at a small protrait. There before me was, the picture of the priest I had seen not half an hour ago in the library. But how different he appeared in his portrait There was then no trace of the hunted agonized look that continually haunted me now. The face was a sad one, I admit, even in the picture, but the ex f pression was peaceful. ' That is the man,' I said. 'That is the man.' ` ' Unless you are making some mis take,' replied Sir John, 'the man you saw in the library was a ghost; for the priest there lived in the days of Crom well. I know,' he continued, ' that it is the general belief that the Grange; like most oldhouses, is liaunted-;,but I have never seen a ghost, and you are the first person who has suggested that there may be one. But come and have another cigar, and I will tell you the history of that man.' ' The man whose portrait you have just seen, and whose ghost you also think you have seen, was the chaplain to Sir Jacob Terrance, who occupied the Grange in the time of Cromwell. He was a stout old Royalist, and had followed the fortunes, or rather the misfortunes, of King Charles until the death of that monarch-a death that sullies the fair fame of England. After the King's death, several :Royalist 1 meetings were held at the Grange to arrange for Cromwell's overthrow. r Everything was done with the greatest secrecy ; but Sir Jacob was betrayed by his chaplain, Richard Strange, and literally sold to Cromwell. 'Sir Jacob was arrested- and be headed in the Tower, a martyr to the cause of the king. It leaked out, how o ever, who the traitor was, and a small band of relatives and friends of Sir s Jacob swore that he should not go un n punished. t ' Cromwell had rewarded this man by a granting him the house and estate of e his benefactor and victim, but the A Royalists in the district swore that he should never enjoy his ill-gotten posses sions. s '`You must know that the library e was the chaplain's favourite room, and it was in this room that his enemies determined to kill him. They bribed the servants, and three of them ob tained entrance to the house, and crept r_ silently towards the library. Judge of their disappointment, however, to find e on opening the door, that the priest is had disappeared. The window, which you observed looked upon the terrace, was open, and it is generally supposed that the wily chaplain, suspecting the plot upon his life, escaped through it in the darkness. Be this as it may, no trace of him could be found, although the- country round was searched for 5S days ; neither did it appear that any a, person answering his description left t, England ; but, of course, news in those ly days travelled very slowly, and he pro a bably escaped. ie ' 'Now you know as much as I do,' o said Sir John, leaning back in his chair w and relighting his cigar that had gone it out. 'You can understand the look 7, upon the face you saw. He was a 5 traitor, as Judas was, and is, no doubt, n suffering his just punishment; you know g I, being a Roman Catholic,' believe in hell and purgatory.' *s ' I also believe in hell,' I replied, y 'and had I not done so before, the =" face I saw to-day would certainly have e shaken my unbelief ; for if remorse and n torture were ever depicted, they were d depicted there.' d ' We sat for some little time .in rr silence after this. Presently he rose. d 'I must solve this ghost' mystery, e Field, he said. 'I cannot think you d merely imagined all you have told me; for you were not aware of the existence s ot this priest until I told you the story.' e' ' I certainly saw the man as plainly t as I see you now, and never for one moment supposed him to be a ghost. h Have you ever carefully examined the 1- cupboard into which he went ? I feel . sure the solution of the mystery, if there n be one, lies there. ,s ' I have not; but come, and we will h do so now.' ' We descended to the library, and b taking a lantern, carefully examined the s cupboard, but could find no sign of any s exit, and were about to leave it, disap \- pointed, when moving awkwardly my toot struck heavily against a pIortion of o the panelling on the side nearest the s fireplace. There was a slight creaking sound, and a square of panel slid r slightly to one side. Curious to see how the spring acted, I inserted nmy sfingers in the opening, and, pushing n the board to one side, I found that the panel slid easily back, revealing about a dozen steps built in the thickness of Y the wall. S' : By Jove !' said Sir John, ' we shall Sfind out sometl.ing now, but it's rather strange there is no record of this hiding 5 place, so far as I know.' "Never mind whether there is or a not,' I replied, no thoroughly interested. 'Give me the lantern, and I will lead I the way.' ' \Vith the light in my hand, I started up the steps, counting twelve. Further progress was blocked, however, by a mass of brickwork that had fallen from above. But there was evidently an open space beyond, for when I opened the lantern and held the light close to the wall of brick, the flame flickered, showing that there was a slight current of air. ' ' Get a pickaxe,' I said, turning to Terrace, who stood just behind me, ' and I will try and remove some of this rubbish.' ' ' Shall I get one of the men to come or can you manage yourself ?' he asked. ' I think I can manage without help, I replied; 'and you may not care to let others into the secret, if there is one.' ' He left me to obtain the pickaxe, and while he was away I carefully ex amined the obstruction. As I did so, I felt a peculiar sensation, compelling me to turn round, and I became aware of i the same priest I had seen in the library a short time previously, standing at the foot of the steps. O ' The light from the lantern fell full pi upon the agonised face, revealing in a al startling manner -all its misery and despair. id ' A cold perspiration broke out all cU over me, and my knees had barely n strength to support the weight of my T, body, and I could scarcely suppress a cry when the apparition--for such I yf knew it now to be-commenced to mount the steps. Just before it reached y' me, however, Terrance came back with a the pickaxe, and the priest disappeared. ''Why, Field.Terrance cried, 'whit's P the matter with you ? It must be the k air in this close hold I suppose,' he vi added. 'You look as white as a ghost ?' " I have seen one.' Igasped: 'and 1 it is more horrible than I can tell you. n Terrance ! I am convinced that we are g about to make a terrible discovery.' ' ' Seen it again?' exclaimed Terrance tl casting a fearful look behind him, and hurrying up to my side. ' Where was I it'?' y ' Atthe foot of the steps,' I whispered; t 'and had you not come back, I think I should have lost my reason, for it had e nearly reached me ; but at the sound of y t your steps it disappeared. Evidently a the ghost does not wish to be seen by E you.' ;"' I took the pickaxe, and after some h time managed to make a hole through f the fallen rubbish large enough to admit I of our, creeping through. I went first a with:the lantern, and found mnyself m a small: 'chamber. running towards the chimney. -I t ' At the first the room seemed to be I empty. But no, what was that in the 3 far corner? I seized Terrance by the t arm, and pointed with the lantern. 'Good God!' he exclaimed, peering I forward. - 'There, in a corner, was a skeleton, I its fleshless hands pressed against each s side of its skull. At its side lay a bundle ( i of old papers and a parchment, and close to these a canvas bag, from large holes in which appeared the gleam'of t gold. r ' We nerved ourselves, and moved t towards the silent form, gazing with staring eyes upon this remnant of mor tality. t 'Presently Terrance stooped and picked up the parchment, woich was d yellow with age. We managed, however, to decipher enough of the quaint writ ing to show that it was the title-deed of e the house and estate of the Grange at r- Pepper Harrow, given to R. Strange, II priest of the Roman Catholic Church, ir for services rendered, the deed being signed by Cromwell. The other papers were too much decayed to enable us to y decipher what was written on them. )f We were, without doubt, in the presence e of all that remained of Sir Jacob Ter e rance's chaplain. "After all these years s. it had been our lot to unearth this hiding-place, and sclve the mystery of y his sudden disappearance. d 'Frightened, nio doubt, on learning s that'Sir Jacob's friends were seeking to d avenge his master's death, he had hid s- den himself, thinking to leave the house 3t when the search for him had ended; f1 but a more awful fate awaited him. On d reaching his hiding-place, the brick st work of the roof had evidently fallen, :h blocking him up securely in a trap, and e, here the miserable -man had died, cut d off from all help. le 'No one but I had ever seen the in ghost of the traitor priest, but strange o noises were said to be often heard be h hind the panelling of the library, and it ir was generally supposed' to be haunted.. ' 'Terrance had the remains removed ft and buried in the ground, and used the ie money-over Z3oo-for masses to be Ssaid for the repose of the soul of Richd. Strange. ' The title- deeds to the estate he re ir tained as a curiosity. His own title e would never be disputed, as the Grange k and lands belonging thereto had been a restored to the Terrances on Charles II. t coming to the throne.' W ' Whew ! what a strange yarn, Field !' n said Grey, as the other concluded, and proceeded to light his pipe, which had 1, gone out. e 'It is strange, but nevertheless true; -e and that priest's face always haunts me, d and I will never believe there are no .e such thing as ghosts.' ' I suppose the ghost doesn't appear n now,' said one of the men; ' because I should very much like to make its ac i, quaintance if it does.' u 'I don't think you would, Aubrey, said Field, turning to him. 'The face e of a lost soul is not pleasant-to behold.' 'Thanks, old man, for the yarn,' said y Grey. 'You have made me feel qiuite e cheerful. And now I proposewe all t. retire.' - 