KEITH HOPE. BF. WILLIAM A. CAMERON, Author of " Idylls of the Dawn." CHAPTER XI. After breakfast; the next morning the groom brought the buggy round to the front of the hotel. Mr. Cotswold and I got in, and we first drove to my office for my valise. Then, as we went to the bank, he said, " Perhaps you would like to drive to-day, Sir. Rusden ?" " No, thank you," I replied ; " I never do so now when I can avoid it." With a trace of shaniefaeedness in his manner, he said, with some hesitation, "I suppose you will have a good deal to say to Miss Summers during the drive V" "Yes, I think we have much to tell each other." The expression on his face said, as plainly as words, " So far, so good." Yet, as wardrobe up at the bank, I could see there was still something lacking to complete his satisfaction. I had no difficulty in guessing what he would have liked to say to me had I not been almost an entire stranger As he had been so obliging to Keith, I repaid him by letting him have what he wanted without forcing him to ask for it. As if requesting a favour, I said, " If it can be conveniently arranged, I would like that Ella and I sit together going home to-day. It is the best opportunity for private conversation that we shall have." '. The best possible arrangement, he answered with enthusiasm ; " as soon as they come out, you hustle around and get her on the back seat." While he was speaking the door opened, and Ella. Miss Gerty, and Mrs. Godfrey came out to the veranda. Here the final killings took place, and Ella, coming out first I assisted her to her seat. Then, Miss Gerty, and I having got so, we started, Mr. Cotswold evincing his joy at the way in which things had been managed by making the horses spin along the metal road at their very best pace. In a few minutes we were out of the little township, and presently we, were travelling along a bush road, and conversation became possible. I thought it best that Ella should know precisely how matters stood. Accordingly I told her all the evidence that had been given at the inquest and the police court, softening nothing, and showing how terribly strong it was against Keith. " But he is innocent, Mr. Rusden," she said, when I had finished. " Yes, Miss Ella. But how are we to prove it V" "It will be proved. God will not permit such a great wrong to be done as that Keith should suffer unjustly." I looked in her face, and for a moment I believed she was right. I declare that in the sweet blue eyes no shadow of doubt was visible. " In any case," I said, '. we will do our utmost to save him. What I want to do first it to see the spot where your brother's body was found.'" " I will take you to It to-morrow." "Do you know it ?" " Yes ; I got father to drive me there one, day soon after Charlie was buried. Both he and I wished to see it, so he got Billy to give him a description of the place, and we found it quite easily. Ah, we did not know then the terrible crime which had been committed, or I am sure I at least would not have gone." " Perhaps you would rather not go near it again, Miss Ella ?" I said. " Do not come if it will distress you. I may be able to get Mr. Summers to accompany me ; there are obvious reasons for not taking the half-caste. Un fortunately I am such a poor bushman that I shall require a guide." " Oh, it would distress poor father as much as it would me to go. Besides, it is only in trying to serve Keith now that I have any happiness. If I suffer a little in doing so, all the better, for think how much he is suffering for me. All the trouble that has come to him is my fault, Mr. Rusden." And then the poor girl, bitterly blaming herself, gave me her account of the quarrel she and Keith had at Christmas, when he kissed her. " I should have known my own heart then, Mr. Rusden ; but I did not, and drove Keith away. Had he been coming continually to the house at the time of poor Charlie's death, as he used to come before I was cruel to him, Charlie and he would not have had any quarrel about the dog, and the only fact the police can discover to explain the motive of the crime would not have existed." In vain I tried to persuade her that she was blaming herself unjustly. " No, Mr. Rusden," she said, "I acted cruelly. I knew how greatly he cared for me, and how much I was making him suffer." ,'', " Keith should not have done what he did Miss Ella. You only treated him as he deserved, and as any other woman would have done. At the same time, I have often puzzled my old head trying to understand why most women do torture those who love them best, to a greater or less extent. By way of throwing light on a dark and hitherto unexplained mystery, would you mind giving me your reason for keeping Keith in banishment as long as you did ?" One of the greatest charms Ella Summers had was that frequently she would declare her most secret thoughts with the simple directness and transparent truthfulness of a child. I can give her words-alas ! I cannot reproduce the sweet artless tone of her voice or the innocent look of her young face as she answered, " I think I wanted to keep my liberty. You see something in my heart told me that I belonged to Keith Hope-that I was his altogether-and I rebelled. And the more my heart kept saying ' You are his,' the more frightened I grew of him." " Thank you, Miss Ella," I said " for your confidence. You will not find that it is misplaced. And if you belong to Keith you have the satisfaction of know- ing that it is a fair exchange, for you are never out of his thoughts." And then I told her of all the conversations that Hope used to have with me about her. We were having a beautiful day for our drive. It was now the beginning of April, and. although it was still so warm that the ladies had to wear white dresses for comfort, yet the stifling oppressive hear that had made most of the summer almost unbearable, had left us. Overhead was a clear blue sky without the sign of a cloud, while the earth, owing to some recent thunderstorms, was clothed with short, fresh, green grass, very pleasant for the eyes to look upon. During my conversation with Ella I had paid little attention to the two on the front seat. I now looked at them, and could see that Miss Gerty was talk- ing volubly. Good girl, she was evidently doing so that we behind might feel certain of perfect privacy. * Ella had been sitting silent for a considerable time. . Now, with some hesitation in her manner, she said, " There is something I would like to tell you, in strict confidence, Mr. Rusden." " What is it. Miss Ella ?" " Mr. Lansing has asked me to marry him." " When did he do " so ?" I asked in amazement. " Two days ago. Do you know, I distrust and dislike that man very much. I have an instinct that he is bad and treacherous." " I feel much the same way myself about him but I know nothing against him that would give me a valid reason for my aversion. Did he make his proposal in such a way as to offend you V" " I was offended, because I am sure he must have known how matters stood between Keith and myself. But he gave me no opportunity of taking offence at him. He was very respectful. He said he had cared for me for a long time although I do not believe that he cares for me at all-and he said that he had got father's permission to speak to me." " " Did you tell Mr. Summers ?" " Yes, and I was alarmed when father said that he would not be displeased if I chose to marry Mr. Lessing. Father told me that some weeks earlier he had given him a ' proof of how much he cared for me. I cannot understand it, all at once, but he seems to have impressed father very favourably." " Have you told Miss Always about this ?" " Yes. Everything seemed to be going the wrong way, and Gerty Je always very good to me." " What did she say ?" The ghost of a smile flitted across Ella's face for a moment as she answered-" She said it was like the impudence of the old crocodile." This was so like what Miss Gerty would say In her lively way that I could not help laughing. In a minute, however, I was quite serious again. " Does Mr. Summers know about you and Keith ?" I inquired: " I am afraid not, Mr. Rusden," Ella answered. "I am afraid I am very much to blame, but it is only since Charlie's death that there has been anything to tell. Keith asked me again and again to let us be engaged, and to permit him to ask father's sanction, but I kept putting it off." " But don't you think Mr. Summers must have observed how things were going ?" " Oh, you don't know father, Mr. Rus- den. He is one of those big manly men that never seem to see these sort of things at any time and since poor Charlie's death he just goes about his work in a way that would break your heart to see, and never seems to notice anything." " Did he make any remark when he heard that Keith had been arrested ?" " When I told him about it, and said I was sure that Mr. Hope was innocent, he looked troubled, and said, 41 hope he is, little girl. He always seemed a good fellow, but one never knows what will happen. I am very perplexed to know what to believe.' " " Oh, well, things might be worse," I said. " Considering the evidence that is against Keith, if Mr. Summers will believe that he is innocent till he is proved to be guilty, it is as much as we can reasonably expect. What view does Miss Summers take of the matter ?" " I cannot understand Aunt Jane at all lately. She was very much grieved at Charlie's death, and seemed to brood over it for a long-time and now there seems to be something else troubling her a great deal. Latterly she has taken no interest at all in me or my doings, though before Christmas she had always some remark to make if Keith paid me any little attention." By this time we had arrived at the station, and found that only Miss Summers WPS at home. She told us that her brother had left early in the morning to go to the back of the run, and that Mr. Lessing had accompanied him. She thought that It would be evening before they returned. I was agreeably surprised at the graciousness of the welcome she accorded to me personally. She was, If I may thus express it, so laboriously cordial that I soon suspected she had an axe to grind. She had, as I found before the day was out. Lunch was soon ready, and when it was over Mr. Cotswold and I went to the veranda for a smoke. My companion was a fluent, agreeable talker, and he gave me an account of his life for the past eight or nine years. He had been first jackaroo and then overseer on the station of which Mr. Almyr was manager. Then, three years ago, coming into a little money, he had gone to Pottinger and set up as a stock and station agent, and was doing fairly well. He was recounting some amus- ing incident in in his career as a new chum, when suddenly his eloquence flagged, and he himself became restless. Following the direction of his gaze, I saw Miss Gerty walking in the garden. Poor Cotswold's politeness forbade him to leave me too abruptly, and that gave me time to say, "Excuse me, please, there is something I wish to say to Miss Amy," and I left him. I doubt if that young man Will ever be so courteous again on a similar occasion. Now, with all Miss Gerty" lively ways and love of badinage, I had learned by this time that she possessed a good heart and a sensible head ; so, when I joined her, I at once came to the subject which was uppermost in my thoughts. " Miss Gerty," I began, " I want your help. There are some things that a woman understands a great deal better than a man, and I have been told something to- day that I cannot understand at all." I was pleased to see that Miss Gerty" face grew as serious as my own, " I am only a girl, Mr. Rusden, and have not seen a great deal of the world, as you have but, any help I can give you, you are welcome to it." " This is what' is troubling me, Miss Gerty. Ella tells me that Mr. Lessing has asked her to marry him, but she says she is quite certain that he does not care for her. Now, I have puzzled my brains ever since to find out what motive Lessing can have for wanting her for his wife If he be not in love with her. The man who marries Ella Summers does so only for her own sake, for I am sure that her father has no fortune to give with her. I could very easily understand anyone caring so much for Ella that he would be proud and happy to get her in the gown she stands In but, I repeat, I cannot comprehend why Lessing, if he do not care for her should wish to win her. Girls seldom err on the side of believing too little of a lover's professions, yet, do you think It is just possible that Ella may have done so in this instance ? It is the only explanation that occurs to me. I would like your opinion, as you have had a number of opportunities of observing the gentleman with her." " You must only take my opinion for what it is worth, Mr. Rusden ; but I must say that it never struck me that Mr. Leasing cared for Ella. Of course you never know how any particular man will show his regard ; yet if you find all the ordinary symptoms absent, you may reasonably suppose that he is not smitten very badly, if at all." " And you have never seen anything to lead you to suppose that Leasing cares more for Ella than she believes ?" "Only one little trifling thing, of no importance." " Tell me what it was, please." " The evening before poor Charlie was murdered, Ella and Mr. Lessing and myself all went for a ride. When we came home Ella and I went into the dining- room, and she at once took off her hat and gloves and laid them on the table. Then. I think, I said I was thirsty and we cut' two lemons and squeezed the juice into tumblers on sugar, and went out to the veranda to fill our glasses at the water-bag.- After a little, when we returned, we found that Mr. Lessing had come. In in the mean- time. He was standing besides Ella's hat and gloves, and seemed to be touch- ing them, but he moved away at once when we entered the room,' "What did you think' he was doing ?" "Well, had he cared for Ella, he might have wanted to take one of her gloves ; or, if he had wished to give her some in a present, It would have been a good way of finding out the size she took." "And which do you think he wished to do ?" " t " Well, both gloves were left and I know he never gave her any, for I asked her but perhaps poor Charlie's death may have not the matter out of his head." I " And that" was the only thing approaching a ' symptom' you ever noticed ? Thank you, Miss Gerty. By the way, how many odd gloves have you got at home ?" The shrewd, serious girl was gone, and the arch, lively Miss Gerty was back In the twinkling of an eye. " That" would be telling, Mr. Rusden. You are real mean. I'll never help you again." " Let us part friends, Miss Gerty ; I am going to efface myself now for the rest of the evening, before the gentleman on the veranda, who has all the 4 symptoms,' comes and takes my scalp." So saying, I left her and went into the house. I was glad to find the dining-room empty, as I wished to write in my note- book the Information which Ella and Miss Alinyr had given me,. I had procured copies of the depositions of the witnesses at the inquest and police court, and had carefully, arranged the notes I took of what Keith told me in the prison. The plan on which I meant to work was, first to gather the particulars of everything that had happened for some time before Charlie Summer's murder ; of everything that had happened since to those in any way connected with him making a note of things great and small, even when they seemed altogether irrelevant to the case and then, having got my materials, to sit down and study them diligently, and try and work out the hidden clue to the mystery. I admit that very many of the things I noted then were never of the slightest use to me, and I will, therefore, trouble you with few of them ; yet I think if you consider how desperate was Hope's position, you will understand the eagerness with which I clutched at every straw. Perhaps, also, a reason why I wished to spend time in accumulating these minutiae was that I dreaded the hour when they would all be gathered, and I would have to ask my brain to master them and solve the enigma. I had grave misgivings that in its dulled condition it would be unable to read the riddle. These unpleasant thoughts were interrupted by the entrance of Miss Jane Summers. She had a book in her hand, which I was somewhat surprised to see, when she laid it down, was " The Poems of Frances Ridley Havergal." I had not seen her since her nephew's death, and I felt constrained to offer the usual conventional condolences. After I had done so, and was sitting silently wondering what I could say next, the lady relieved my embarrassment by taking up the conversation herself. Out of Frances Ridley she produced a sheet of writing paper, and said, " I want you to do me a favour, Mr. Rusden, please. Everybody says you are a very clever lawyer ; will you kindly read this paper in , I took it from her, and found that it was evidently copied from a Government form. It was headed " Victoria," and showed that one Robert Summers was the owner of a town lot in Melbourne. " Is this the copy of a paper in your possession, Miss Summers ?" " Yes. Mr. Rusden." " And how can I serve you ?" " Will you please find out if the land it relates to is worth anything ?" " Certainly I will do that much for you. May I see the original 1" The question was evidently unexpected, and Miss Summers hesitated before she answered, "I am, afraid I could not lay my hands on it just at once, Mr. Rusden. I think I must have mislaid it. Poor Charlie's death upset everything so." On Did you make this copy before then V" " Yes," she said but I thought she hesitated even more than at first as she answered. There was always a look of latent cunning about the woman's mouth, and, most unfortunately, as I found out afterwards, I thought I could perceive the reason why she would not let me see the original document. I believed that she was afraid to trust me with it. The real reason you, who know what I did not learn till afterwards, will readily guess. Although none too well pleased, I put the paper into my pocket, promising to communicate with a friend in Melbourne who would get her the information she desired. Soon after wards she left the room, and I was slightly amused to notice that Frances Ridley, having served her purpose, remained behind on the table. It was late that evening when Mr. Summers and Lessing returned. The latter gentleman gave me the same impression that he always had done, of living in an atmosphere of his own, which my mind could not penetrate to get at the real man it enveloped. He had not changed in any particular from the first time I saw him, and was as silent and as inscrutable as ever. Mr. Summers, on the other hand, was we fully altered. I could scarcely believe that the sorrow- stricken man who sadly shook hands with me was the jovial gentleman who had given me such a hearty welcome at Christmas-time. I had decided not to have any private conversation with him that night, and I was relieved when the evening wore out, and it was time to retire to bed, (To be continued.) ,' 