The Light that Cast no Shadow. Curious stories are told about the powys possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing' about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for tho purpose 01 finding out the secret, of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scorvily, but inter ested him all the same. One day the pro fessor wanted, to .examino some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to & cave wherein the books were kept. The place was nark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read here," said the visitor. Then we will have some light," was the reply, and rnimedinrely (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could net tell whence it came, hot he notioed; that it had one -strange quality— \l cast not i/te slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it hare no reason fordoubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows, j Belief or .onbelief commonly runs parallel j with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed atthe account .of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the talc of the Cock Lane ghost. .... ' " "1" ; A man who has been ill for years, and (ailed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell hirnbf a medicine which they believe will | mjike him.well. ' "What else but doubt could 'result hemhis '-jexpericnce?. Take an example:—' - . ; " In the spring of 1S88," writes our corre spondent, ""I. fell into a low, weak, and languid state! I felt low-spirited and out of aorta. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, urid after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on 1 suffered irom nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up witli my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. OiF nud on I continued -in this way for two years, j nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro cured a supply. After I had taken only a, few doses I found relief; my food digested, j and gradually 'all* nervousness left me.: Although I had 110 reason at first to feel auy 1 confidence in this medicine, uevor having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Bir mingham, June 3, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter nud tho story about the light«tbat cast no shadow. The latter ma}* bo true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand wo havo a trustworthy wit ness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing raystio or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws tho light, of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness: and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. • And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. Tho population of Surrey is ^increasing more rapidly ^KU1 ani" other county. 