OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. HOW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from well-known =and highly-respected colonists is always worth printing, and the words of Mr. George Marner, of " Lamingtoo," Victoria Road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature : --" I thought I would lose my danghter, Miss Alice," said Mr. .\arner to our reporter recently, " she was orergrowing hcrstrength. Medical men could do nothing for her." Here Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. " I commenced, some two years ago to feel very ill after returning home from school,' said she, " I did not leel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the " quinine tonic" given me, with regulari:y. Then I com menced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep"' inter posed Mr. Marner, " but it had no effect; then I consulted a' well known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. 31bs., now I am st. 71lbs." "A great improvement ; your treat ment must have been beneficial ?" "No ; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr \Vil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, last year, father bought me a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr P'easance's, Chapel Street, Prahan, they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them ?" "Yes ; and that strongly too," said Mr Marner "had I known of Dr 'Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." Parents should think over this-good ?health and a hundred pounds saved. It is uudisputed that Dr Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They,are a certain cure for indigestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, antemia,- sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregu larities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, &c.; Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr Williams Medicine ,o.? 2 Pp o bourne, who will forward six boxes for fifteen and threepence, or one box for two and nine, post free. 