SUNDAY TRADING. ADDRESS BY REV. G. E. WHEATLEY. At the Fremantle Town Hall. ss evening the Rev. G. E. Wheatley delivered an address entitled, " The Public-house versus the Public Interest; or, The Critics Criticised."' The hall was crowded, and considerable interest was manifested in the proceedings. Mr. Abbott presided, and several well-known temperance advocates occupied seats on the platform. The Rev. G E. Wheatley, on coming forward to address the gathering, was received with applause. He prefaced his remarks by directing attention to the motto of the municipality, " Nee prece, nee presto," and believing in that motto, and as showing his confidence in the public of Fremantle, he had come on to the platform that evening, and he simply asked for a fair hearing. It might be asked what right had he a comparative stranger, to take up this question, but having come to Western Australia to live, while here he was determined to do all he could to promote the interests of the people of the colony. It had been asked why he did not mind his own business, but if it was not a parson's business to look after the welfare of the people then whose business was it He regarded himself as holding a brief for the helpless sufferers from the liquor trade. It seemed to him that unless the people of Western Australia woke up, they would find out very quickly that the colony was being run to a very large extent by wealthy brewers and owners of public houses. In his opinion the present state of the law so far as it affected Sun day closing in Western Australia was intolerable. It satisfied nobody. The publicans were not satisfied, the police were not satisfied, nor were the public satisfied. The whole thing was reduced to something worse than a farce. The census which had recently been taken in Fremantle had demonstrated unmistakably that the law was openly and flagrantly violated. His reason for taking the action he did was because piteous appeals had been made to him about the deplorable results of Sunday trading in Fremantle, and he took a census because he did not want to put before the public heresay evidence. It had been said that he had gone a little too far, but he would rather go a little too far than not go at all. The Commissioner of Police had said that he could not do anything, and he (Mr. Wheatley) thought if the Commissioner of Police could do nothing he would have a try. A fearful howl had been raised about what he had done, but, concerning the census, the facts were unassailable. Somebody had said that everybody included in the census did not have a drink. Well, what did they go for Some of them had perhaps gone for milk, and, so far as he could find out, they must have got some of Forsyth's milk, for it was abominably adulterated. (Laughter.) With regard to the attitude of the police in this matter, he did not blame the individual members of the force for their inability to maintain the law. The weak spot in the police force was in its head. (Hear, hear.) It had a weak head, and like anybody else with a weak head, it found a difficulty in managing its affairs. (Laughter.) The head of the police force was Sir John Forrest, and the ethics of the West Australian police force, as ex- pounded by the Premier, were that the publicans were not to be hampered in carrying on their illicit trade on Sundays, so long as the cloak of respectability was thrown over it. He characterised the remarks made by the Premier in reply to a deputation of licensed victuallers as unworthy of the head of the Police Department, and such talk, he said, was not becoming the head of the Government. The law would never be enforced, and courageous action on the part of the ordinary policeman need never be looked for, while so many of their representatives in Parliament were interested in the liquor traffic. He felt certain that the bona-fide publican would welcome Sunday closing Fhe opposition came from the dummy-the man who was put into a hotel. The latter had precious little interest in the concern, but he had to do what he was told by the wealthy brewers and shareholders. In commenting on the criticisms which his cruHE'1e> against Sunday trading had evoked, he expressed the pleasure he felt with the fair and judicial manner in which leading newspaper in the colony-the WEST AUSTRALIAN had dealt with the question. (Applause.) There was hope for the country while the brewers and the publicans and chairmen of brewing companies could be kept out of newspaper concerns, but it would be woe to the country when these men got their hands on to the Press. Dealing with the question of restricted Sunday trad- ing, he said that the trend of public opinion was in the direction of reducing the hours of labour, and why, he asked, should the servants of the publican be permitted to work seven days a week, when in every other industry six days was the limit? The licensed victuallers, with characteristic modesty, had asked for permission to open hotels on Sunday from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m., 12.30 p.m. to 2.30 p.m., and 8 p.m. to 10 p.m., but this was even too much for their generous Premier. He (Mr. Wheatley) frankly admitted that if they had to choose between two evils, namely, those resulting from the present state of affairs and restricted Sunday trading, he would, without a moment's hesitation, say let them have restricted Sunday trading. But what guarantee would they have that the publicans would observe the law if restricted Sunday trading was introduced ? He would like to know in whose interests was it that the publicans asked for Sunday trading? Was it in the interests of the public, or was it in the interests of the public-house ? What he (the speaker) asked for was absolute Sunday closing, that the intention of the Act be honestly enforced, and that the machinery of the law should be so amended as to make the law operative. They had Sunday closing in all the Australasian colonies, and was Western Australia going to be the first colony to take a backward step ? Sir John Forrest had said that the practice established in England was well worthy of the consideration of this colony. But he doubted whether the Premier, when he made the statement, was fully aware of the conditions which prevailed in the old country. Since 1854 Sunday closing had been recognised in Scotland, and no attempt had ever been made to meddle with the law. (Applause.) In 1873 an Act was passed in Ireland prohibiting Sunday trading, except in five cities, where the opening hours were restricted to between 2 and 7 o'clock. In Wales a Sunday Closing Bill came into force in 1881. In 1889 an English Sunday Closing Bill passed its second reading in the British House of Commons by a majority of 22, but it was blocked in Committee by members having large interests in the brewing industry. Every time the matter had been put to the test in England, the people had emphatically, and with an overwhelming majority, proclaimed themselves in favour of Sunday Closing. The bona-fide travellers clause in the Act, he designated a bona-fide fraud. He likened bona-fide travellers to ghosts ; everybody believed in them, but nobody ever saw them. Dealing with the remedial measures, which in his opinion would give the police power to effectually cope with the evil, Mr. Wheatley said that if it was honestly desired to keep the Act, it was not a difficult matter to frame the necessary provisions. His suggestions for remedying the present state of affairs were as follows 3-6) No licensee should be pledged to keep his house open to supply bona-fide travellers or lodgers. (2) Define bona-fide lodger as one who stayed in the house on the previous night. (3) Define a bona-fide traveller as one who had travelled not less than 10 miles. (4) Every publican be compelled to keep a book for the signatures of all who visited the hotel on Sunday. (5) Every visitor to enter in the visitors' book the time of his visit his name, and address. (6) If a publican allowed anybody to enter without signing the book, he should be penalised. (7) The enforcement of a heavier penalty if a publican served a person with drink without first obtaining his signature. (8) If a person supplied with liquor put his signature in the book, then the publican was exonerated. (9) Any person giving a wrong name or address should be liable to prosecution. (10) The book to be kept open for inspection by the police or any citizen. He did not object to a fellow having a drink. If the people of the colony wanted more public houses he was democratic enough to say let them have them. He did not wish to persecute the publicans. He wanted to protect them from their enemies, who over they were. (Laughter.) If a man wanted a drink, why should he be ashamed to put his name and address in a book ? It was an absurdity to punish the publican and let the man who procured the liquor go off scot-free. It had been said that Sir John Forrest would not amend the law, but they could have the Act amended if they wanted it. In conclusion, he urged them to put aside all little jealousies and fight shoulder to shoulder as Christians until their object was obtained. (Applause.) The Chairman announced that a special invitation to attend the meeting had been extended to publicans, and that Mr. Wheatley would be pleased to answer any questions of a pertinent nature that might be put to him. Mr. A. McKinnon, President of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, got upon the platform, and replied to the charges which had been levelled against the publicans of Freemantle by Mr. Wheatley. He denied that Sunday trading was carried on to the extent alleged by the rev. gentleman, and as regards his own house he said that as few of his servants as possible worked on Sundays. He advocated restricted Sunday trading in preference to the existing law, as under the present circumstances he was compelled to stay on his premises all day on Sundays, for the purpose of supplying bona-fide travellers and boarders, who could demand to be supplied with liquor. Mr. Wheatley replied, and other publicans were invited to get upon the platform and voice their opinions in public. Several hotelkeepers were present, but with the exception of Mr. McKinnon, none of them accepted the invitation of Mr. Wheatley to debate the question. A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman for presiding, and it was announced that another public meeting would be held in Perth next week to oppose the restricted Sunday trading movement. 