ST. PAUL'S, WEST MAITLAND. In (ho evening, tho UiBhop preached in St. Paul's Churoh, W«at JMaitland. Thoro wim an overflowing congregation. In addition to bin Lordship, thoro worn al«o prenpnt, rt'd tailing part in tho aorvlco— tho Ituvo. l\ Wilhorby, K. M. Walkor, nud W. K, Colyer, The service was fully choral. The Kev. W. K. Colyer intoned the service, and the' lessons were read by the Rev. Mr. Walker. The Magni ficat and Nune Dimillis were taken to Arnold in A. The anthem was ' Come Holy Ghost,' (Attwood.) , Hymns suitable to the day and the special Eervico were sung. His Lordship preached from the text St. Luko vi., 46, 'Why call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say.' The preacher referred to the various reasons that induced people to follow tbe Lord Jesus Christ about ou earth aud how he rebuked their UDreality in tho words of tho toxt. Were they in tbe present day free from unreality. He instanced various reasons which induced people to attend church. He pointed out tho claims that Christ made upon His discjples j and the reply of a Hindoo who aBked why be should change hia old religion which made do demand upon his life, and accept , rthis which would bo content with nothing less -than ' the acceptance of the Master's yoke. They . were not ready ..tj Bay they occepted and obeyed Hie will. It was bo with His laBt command—' Go and make disciples of all nationB.' Many considered the command unreasonable. It was perfectly reasonable. He showed how the twelve men to whom the words wero first spoken went out into tbe world. The evangelisation of all nutiona — what did it mean? It meant tbe teaching of a historic fact — that the Lord Jesus entered. into the limits of man's human nature ; that he healed tbe Biek, gave sight to the blind, and wtrked out their salvation aB on Friday next by His own death upon tho Grose. That was true or it was not true. If not true, whbt right had they there ; if true why should they not make tbe fact known to all mankind. It was not . the conversion of man kind at which bhoy should aim — the Holy Spirit only could do, that — it was .the evangcliBiug of mankind. That duty the Lord laid upon them. How was that evangelisation of iniia kiud being conducted in their age, and how was tbe responsibility being carried out P Taking ad an instance New Guinea, tho preacher, as at St. Peter's in the morning, pointed out tho responsibility of Australia to carry out the work on the ground of having annexed tbe country. He dwelt upon tho necessity of tbe people being impioved bodily, mentally and spiritually; and that it could only be done by the aid of missionaries as was testified by Sir William McGregor, tbe Governor. To Bhow what had been done ho said the site of their head station was on a plateau above tho coast which had been a battle-field. That had been claimed for tho Lord, as tho slave market in Zanzibar was now the site of a cathedral. He described the horrible site of the last battle, aud how the wounded were done to death and eaten. Ono young man at the conflict 18 or 19 years of uge had beoorao thoir first 'Christian. He and his wifo were the first Ohrintiau family. They could tell the difference iu the house. When he (the Bishop) had visited New Guinea ho had suggested that this youug man should be used in taking the message to others, and after he left he had been sout to a native village. At Christmas time when the children of the school assembled at tho head station, a ohristening took place, and a graphio description of the scone was given, and the way in whioh this native testified. Another figure in'the baptismal service was a girl w ho, at tho fight re ferred to, whan about 10 years old, had been forced to partake of the cannibal feast at tho battle. That would enable them to realiso the work being done in Now Guinea. He instanced the different reoeptioaa white person would get atastation where a mission wua conducted and one whero no wbito persons had reoently boen. He pointed out the necessity of the church helping their missionaries by their prayers and their means, and oonoludcd by pointing to the noble men who had and were carry ing out similar work in different parts of tho world, including thoir own pioneer missionary to British New Guinea, Albert Maclaren, who had gone from that parish. These should be thoir inspiration, they should bo worthy of them. 