Vioccsc of Grafton and Arniidalc FlliST SESSION OFOrn SYNOD, j AbmiuaI/E, Juke 7, 1898. i THE PRESIDENTS ADDRESS. {Oontinwi from htt iome.) TBR CminCIl'8 MISSIONS. We turn from this summary of our | diocesan condition to the larger field of j the Church's wider life Tour own { Bishop was one of the four A ustrs lien diocessn Bishops who were un •hie to si tend the Lambeth Confer* once of J807. Those persons who sow end again feel oppressed by the close etmosphen of some of our petty peroobJeliemt may well feel refreshed sod invigorated by the broad ewsep of the subjects dealt wilb Id the Knot cltcel Letter of the Bishop. A Church csn be in ncrrow groove whose leaders bevo something weighty to eey, after the consultations of one assemblage, upon Temperance, I'urlty, Marriage, Tnduntriel JVohlstns, Arbitration, Biblical Criticism, Theologies! Study, Church Unity, and Foreign Missions. It is on the last-named subject that I would say a few words. The Encyclical letter states that the work of Foreign Missions is " (be work that at the proeeot time stends in the front rank of all the teeks we bare to fulfil.'' We can. not doubt that the increased earnest ness of purpose which to-day char, eoterisoe our own communion in this department of Chrietian work le the reeultant, on lbs moral side, of the deeper spiritual life of the English Church, and on tbe material aide, of that imperial expansion which baa brought us into direct rotations with countless heathen races. The Aust ralian Cburob, to long ministered unto, has now herielf booorao a minis ter to others in the oonssoratlon of her first missionary Bishop, Ibe Bishop of New Guinea. Throughout; tbe length end breadth of tha Aus tralian Cburob all true ohurobpeople will endeavour to uphold bis bends. I have been muoli grati fied at the vastly better epirit which tbe Cburob iu our Diocese is displaying in tb<a respect. Our Corresponding Committee of the A.B.M. reports for last year tbe re oeipt of £156 which shows a very hopeful incrra»r. And yet, I would point out that the great thing is, not merely to give money to missions, but to possess the missionary spirit. Tbo missionary spirit dors not confine itself to enterprise among the black races, or to Christian crusades in dis tant regions. A parish priest who possesses the missionary spirit will never abandon, or neglect, little, poor, and difficult piar.es because tbe; offertory is inadequate, or because tbe congregation is thin, or because tbe ] people are rough and ignorant, or; because bis work is not highly enough appreciated. A parochial council which posseHsee the missionary epirit will not discourage work on tbe ground that it " does not pay." There ere two waya of looking at Christian enterprise: tbe commercial way and tbe missionary way. If it is true that we have made a thorough trial of tbe commercial way iu tbe past, candour will compel us to admit that it is equally true that it has not proved very satisfactory. Perhaps; we are now gravitating towards the j nobler view. Very well. Then let ns take it and apply it all round ; to j work iu our own Diooese, iu our own ; -parishes,'as well as Melanesia abd New Guinea. It will serve us every where for its principle is this—that tbe Gospel is for all men, and all men,. in the long run, fot the Gospel; that no lives are too poor, too darkened, too degraded, too uninteresting, for us; no places too hot, too cold, too' remote, too uncivilised, too isolated ' from pleasant society, for tbe telling out of the Glad Tidings; that in doing this, we are to bear one another's hardens, and to be willing to endure hardship io so bearing them. If this is the temper which is to grow, ae our contributions to foreign missions grow, then there is no moral symptom in onr whole dioceaan life mote full ot promise. For it is like Portia's *'quality of mercy"—"It ia twice bless'd ; it blesseth bim that gives, and him tbst takes." A PLEA FOB TBE SUNDA.JT SCHOOLS. ■■ I desire also to eay a word as -to! our Sunday Schools. I am well aware j ' jjfeat many of the clergy-am regularly j faithfully imparting religious fnaiiantli'ii to bur children in tbe PahUe Schools. A great door and etfectaal is, doubtless, open to us here awd We ought to use it to the utter giUUf We are taking steps, this year, irjubTsfn for trn* T*" Booh informa iljliuw trr tt" number of schools in WltHili fie clergyman teaches the ddlfiwsfkh dock. But I believe of our position lies iu And in our Sun W« **•, >e a Diooese, all .arS:'«ot far to much of their Sunday in travel, ere thereby deprived of the immediate oversight of their School*. Again, our larger towns, generally speaking have not yet awakened (as Tentorlleld bee recently) to the Wisdom of ereot log « School hell, however plain. And, worst of all, there Is among a large section of onr laity a disposition, which we cannot too profoundly lament, to regard with something oloeely resembling good natored eon. tempt the operations of the Sunday Sohools. All I can eay ie this: The moat iominaut danger in oar life as a oommanlty ie, not our provincialism (that la had enough), not onr lack of self.denial (that ie ominous enough) but our eecularity. Those great questions and qualities of the heart and the will, aud the character; the old watchwords of honour and duty and principle,beside which alt orgu ment os to protection or frontrndn taxation direct or indireot, elnksluto insignificance. are b»coming dwarfed and forgotten Now the giving of religion* ioBtrootiou to our ohildren, methodically, thoroughly, those com patent (alike in mind end life) to impart it, is a most powerful safe guard against thin supreme danger. Our fellow Curietiana. on the Roman side, end on the Protestant sectarian -ids, bnvo recognised this. The see. rittoea made hr the Roman Oatbolio laity for the sake of religions educa tion ore beyond ail praise. The Methodist body (in ita •< I.aWB nud Regulations" for Australia) places the work of Sunday Schools in the very forefront of tboaa duties whlob devolve upon its , member#. It remains, apparently, for the Anglican uhuroli, to claim the possession of a specially pure form of Christian doc. trine, and yet lake leas pains than woll nigh any other religious organle at Ion to ensure its oomprshension and psrmanenon. And what is the resultf T shall be well within the mark if 1 eay that not one quarter of those who style thvmselves church people understand why they are ao nor (more important still) in what roepeot their belief and Ufa as Chris tlan people are to be differentiated from those of the world aronnd tbera. What, than, are we to dof First, I ask of theolergy a mora thorough use of their privilege oflmpartlnginetruo. tion In the Publio Schools. We ought to organise our Public Sohool work more, and give It bolter, and more, recognition Second, 1 ask that more pains ho tnkon with the Sunday Schools. All honour to our gallant Diocesan Sunday School Association, and oapueially to Archdeacon ftfnxon, till a few weeks since, its energetic and iavslnable Secretary. That As sociation has begna a good work, and has begun it successfully and well But why do so tnsny of our sellouts stand listlessly by, neglecting to avail themselres of its advantages P and where are the clergy who should, to a man, welcome a systematic course of lesions, a printed syllabus for the children, and the yearly ex aminations P And where are the classes for the teachers, and why are not the clergy, conscious (iro may be sura) themselves of the supreme value of religious koowledgs, urgent in hading their tesehers, and in aid ing their tetehera, towards offering themselves for the Teacher*' Volun tary Examination f And how should it be that not a layman in the Diocesehsv ever offered the Associa tion a prize for competition at any one of these examinations hi religious knowledge, whether by scholars or teachers, or has sent a contribution to its funds P Whether the cause be indifference, or thoughtlessness, or ignorance of the work we are attempt ing; still it is lamentable. And third, I.ask for a greater willingness on the part of our lay people to undertake the work of teaching in iS nday schools. He who has once 'known for himself the value of the Hood News of. Hod, can never rest till somehow he has imparted it to other*. Every true Andrew findetb his awo brother, end saith unto him. •' We have found the Messiah." And if it be true that our men and women will spurn the recognition of suoh a duty because they desire to spend their Sunday in ease or pleasure, it ib wellthat weChurehmen should confess that the root of the matter is not in ns; well that another should come and take our heritage. And last of all, t plead for the establishment of private home Sunday schools on the numerous statious. or .other Isolated residences, throughout the Diocese. The Association will, I believe, gladly aid such private schools by its usual methods, and will examine their scholars, however few At the pre sent time onr danger is lest the children of our wealthier families; on the one hand holding aloof, or necessarily isolated from, the Sunday schools; or the other, failing ' to receive instruction in the home, should become conspicuous lor their ignorance of the. Cbnrch'a teaching, and, above all, onr Sunday Schools. And let every man herein sweep be fore his own door. IBODLASON 9B0B08BD —CJUB1M3V PBOVXDENT FOND. Zt remains only that your President should outline the legislation pro posed for this session, and ahonld then eonclndB by indioating the spirit in which he would fain hope that this Synod will enter on its re sponsible dutieB. The chief measure laid beford yon ie that which pro poses to.eatablieh a Clergy Provident Fond. You referred last session to the Diocesan Council a resolution a65rmiug the general principle of superannuation for the clergy. The Diocesan Council, with that cheery readiness to undertake work whioh ever characterieea Ita members;' has spent muoh time and anxious de liberation ovar your wishes, liars I nwtwk leave to say, in passing, bow heartily the BIsbop and Diooeee ji at large are Indebted to tbe Diooeean { Counoil for it a' unostentatious, tin- g •elfish, and tborongb work ae your t executive. At meeting after meeting li its membere assemble, many of them d from great distances, travelling at e their own charges, for tbe fulfilment I of tboee weighty duties wbioh your E legislation baa assigned to them I j ooold not wieb a better body of ad- c vlsers. 'f bey have been united in i action, faithfnl in attendance, pains- t taking in their labours, and in every < way worthy of the trnet oommitted to i tbem. If any Australian Diooeee 1 possess a Counoil rendering better i service than our own, it is indeed I singularly fortunate. This Diocesan I Council tbsn, resolved, after careful i consideration of ell alternatives, that l the beet way to provlda euperannua- < lion was to adopt tbe principle ot t oar old G.W.O. Fund, atad work t tbrongb e strong Life Assurance 1 Sooiety. They hove accordingly com- I bined the old assistance to Life As- 1 eurance, in a modified form, with the i purchase for each clergyman of a Deferred Annuity of £100 at 6a, subject to the right of the Dlebop, under oontraot, to " relini" tbe an nuitant, it thought edvtmble, at that age The legal qooBtlons involved have been carefully dealt with by tbe Onanoellor, and tbo Actuary of the A.M l*, has assured us that our path ia perfeotly dear aa far ae that sooiety is oonoerned, I have modo no eeoret in previous addressee of the greet importance whiob I attach to provision for clergy pensions. It ie neecaaary for their welfare: it is neoeeenry for that of the Church at. largo. We oaunot provide for oases where men bare already, ia onr eer* vloe, attained an age suitable for superannuation. But we oan set tbinge right, little by little, as new men come into the Diooeee. And we must begin somewhere. Of course, the new Ordinanoe, if adopted, will mean that every olergyman and every parish must, for tbe sake of the great advantage to be gained, make, a etriot point of absolute fidelity in tbe discharge of individual and paroohial obligation. It in worse than ueeless to vote for bills aud pass tbem into law if we have no aarioua intention of doing^ll we oan, eaoh in oor own sphere, to ensure their observance,. and to uphotd the jtanda of those who, in the Interests of ue ail, are oalled upon to administer them. PROVISION FOR msCtPLINB. A brief measure to amend the Parithee Definition Grdiuaoce bat been proved to be necessary by the painful teaching of experience. If there ie one principle of the Churcb'e common law more certain than another, it,ia that one clergyman hai no right to officiate erithin the territory committed by the Bishop to the charge of another clergyman without that other clergyman's coo sent. But if, as has happened since last we met in Synod, such ,a grots defiance ot the Church's order tabes place, we find ourselves confronted by this legal difficulty: that that which is the Church's unquestioned law in England is not, of necessity, the Ghuroh's law with us, unless wo make it so. Accordingly, until we take atepi to protect ouraelvee fay expressly scheduling as a " breach of discipline," cognisable by our Ec. clesiastical Tribunal, auch conduct as. I have described, every licensed clergyman in the Diocese is at the mercy of an unfriendly and. un aorupulone neighbour,tvboieat liberty to invade the district committed to him, marry-hts parishioners, bury bis dead, set up opposition services, and (provided he is caretul to keep him self outside the wails of a licensed Church) all this with impunity. Kucb a condition of things is absolutely intolerable, and ( have no doubt that the Synod will show its united de termination to bring to an end, once and for all, auch outrageous infringe ment of the 'loyal and. orderly traditions of the the Church of England, THE THOEKB OF FATJIONAGE The third Council Bill, amending lest year's Patronage Ordiuabce, ie au attempt to reotify some minor details in the working of that measure which experience has shbsrn to be unsatis-' factory. No main principle, however, of the Ordinance ia affected. During the peat twelve months it has, in several quarters, been suggested that all patronage should be placed abso lutely in the hands of the. Bishop. Of course if it were the wish of the Synod that euch a course should be taken, X should accept the duties laid npon me juBtas I .accept the duties added to the ; weight upon die Bishop's shoulders by every fresh Ordinance which you enact. But I should like -to . asy, definitely find decidedly, that personally I have no such desire. My wish, upon broad gronnde of general principle, ia al ways to associate Bishop, clergy, and' laity in a three-fold bond of common effort, not easily to be broken.' Therefore, it may save some time and discusaion if X. proclaim at the outset my own preference for the perfrating of our, patronage mach inery as it etanda, rather than for the adoption of any new principle. X am very willing to share with my brethren on the Presentation Board . snoh plaudits ae nay ha aooorded for any popular appointment. X sm~ also quite agreeable that the more com. mon experienos of eritiolsm and fault- finding should be evenly divided among my oolleagnea and myeelt, and that the Biehop ahonld console himeelf by the reflection that, the flying sticks smd stoneB are to be aimed at aix other'Aant Sal lies,* each of them an unhappy partictpt crimni*. THE SIS CHUBCH OBDtHAKCE. IJ Since last are me , the Legislature] has repealed the old Cburpb Act, aodj]l ta place is now taken by the Provincial Church Ordinance, a nestate which was refered by you to she Provincial Synod, and hence ia egally binding upon thia Diocese. I io sot propose to w«ry you this norniogbyan analysis of its cnntents I would merely draw the attention ot Synod to a few of the more important provisions. First, the"Bepes1ing,Act >f Parliament^ rend in conjunction with the Provincial Church Ordinance, now.miikes It possible to rectify all deficiencies and fill all vacancies on the Traits of Church lands. Neat, that no church, parsonage, or sicqiler building may be erected until the site, plans, end specifications have been approved by the Bishop. This ■a independent~of any grant from any diocesan funds, and the Church will, of course, not recognise any buildings erected contrary to those provisions, nor will the Bishop's license iu future he granted to any church building unless the approval required by law has been duly obtained. Again, esthe question has been asked in this Diocese whether the consent ot the vicar, or other clerk in charge, be required before the Bishop may officistc in big-church, I would point ont that the new-Ordinance expressly states (what ipdeed is obviously snd essentially inherent in the episcopal office) that-the Bishop may, without let or hindrance from any person whatever, officiate in his church with in his Diocese. It may also be useful to note apropos of the vexed question of the occasional, use of our churches by ' religious ministers of other denomioatioos that when a church has ouce been consecrated or licensed it cBnnot bo used for any olbpr purpose, than Divine Service or Sun day School, "except with the con Bent of the Minister sud the Bishop." It will be ohssrred, therefore, that consecrated and licensed churches Stand upon precisely the same footing in this respect, sod that reference must' be made, to the Bishop for any proposed use outside the purposes which I have already mentioned. I hope that my brethern of the clergy will not bo slow to Observe that the control pf organist and choir ia now expressly assigned I (and quite rightly so) to them and | them only. The parish priest alone is answerable for every detail of Divine worship. I trust, therefore, that (wherever possible) the clergy, man will not fail himself to select the hymns; and that Ibb day is past for ever in this DioceBe when it should be possible for the Bishep to bear, as I have heard, the clergyman contentedly giving out, at an II a.tn. service, " Abide with me, fast falls the eventide;" or in the early Trinity season, " Hark, the herald angels siug, glory to the new-faorn King." In conclnsion, I would point out that after a church bas _ been consecrated or ' licensed : (notice' again the expression) the Bishop's sanction must be obtained before altering the .fabric or internal arrangements'. In" days and -places where a local architect bhtlds his altar rati flush with the extreme edge of the cbsncel step, on the ground that this is « the latest Hhing", in church arrangements, and that com municants no longer kneel, it is per baps just as well that some euch safeguard should exist. The thorny question of placing ornaments in the church, or removing them, is Settled by requiring the joint consent, for either introduction or removal, of clergyman, churchwardens and paro chial council, with an appeal to the Bishop in case of disagreement. yiHXT OUa CHOnCH NEEDS. Thus, then, brethren all, with weakness all too manifold, and abases all too obvions, and heavy arrears of work stilt to be made up; and (afterall our reckoning) etillthe greatest question of all. What of the spiritual advance',' apart from the material ? yet, wij the whole, the balance 11m, 1 think, on the aide of hope and progress. We do need an' increased supply of faithful labour ers, for mors thorough tillage of those greet areas whloh we style parishes, but which are, in fact, beyond the strength pf any pneVman. We do need to get our Churoh ..Extension Fund, a beginning of wbioh bee been made by the kiadly grant ot.fiSO a ysar from the/Golonlal and Conti nental Churoh Society, whioh • hasi enabled ne to est on its feet the.mnch -j needed new pafooMet.dietriot ot Ool lareadabri. We, do h'eedio remem ber the truth oontaloed-ln the obser vation of a ehre wd)ny®«mber jbf khisaeBemblylthatwhile6yDbd Jim dope ite work, in aurjatohusy Jera of legislative eoti vity.exoeedinglywell, it ttDftioe for^out office-bearers tomooghlB^hatSynnd te neither a debating society nor- a judicial body,.but the 'Church'e Par liament. At this etage inthB cb urcb's development it should be ^<10 longer ■www«T> send dntjfppiheiJhtireb Office repeated reqoesteforparochial returns, for official documents.etc., end it ehould heimpoasibleto find clergy who *VmiBlay^Sqr ^' do, not consider neco^ry" diocttsan com muoiaations; or wardens who" pay ta for an indefinite -period to jtbe "stipend fund" offe^CT^«r%oaiir moneys which belong tjylegieletive enactment we will eay^athe'Clergy Widows and Orphenai^uha. WW want tborongh, p anctual,me thodiodl, oxaot work, just W^y^^urok. matters as ia profeestob^br commer oial lifp. And I; eay vre haTeimuali utgent need for «» sidbpttlt^^!a higher standard in these -respects. And as the Jong weeks and months •ad years fly by, :*heir earthly cues, with all thetrjainpoial anxieties, with all their Accretion of materiahU^ eutronndii^ with all fawn the higher, nobler, truer groan a, and rwt satisfied wUhnpoorhsart lew, word-aatoa mligioc, irblob has ceased to strive, oaased to look upj and catcb some vision now sod again j of the glory of the Heavenly King: then J say nothing can save yon and me hot the spring of life within ourselves; the recurrence to the fresh, wholesome Bible teaohing; to the moments of oommunion with God, alone in prayer with Him: the sacramental life through which we are one with tfab Incarnate God, and He is one with oe; In as word, if oor Ciiurch does not live and grow here in North-Eastern New South Wales to be a power and bleseing among men, may it not well be be cause we need, bo sadly, more of the devout lifer/end the devout/life is not for the clergy only; Die for all Christian men. AN APPEAL TO THE NEW 8VN0D. This Synod, I say it solemnly. and I deliberately, with ail that ability end j industry whieh we so gladly recog nise, ie wasting its time, onlesB as Diooese we ere going to begin at. the ] right end of tfainge. A self-seeking, loveless, faith lees Ohnroh ; a Church In which men seek their own interests first, and God's glory eeeond, may be 1 goaded, or galvanised, or abashed, for e moment, into outward eeemliness. But if you went, as I believe the vast majority of you do want, that permanent welfare,' and- healthy, steadfast growth result in this Diooese from our assemblage, we must moke up our miuds, one and all, onee and for all, to speak on nothing, to aot in nothing, to look. at nothing, eave from the high standpoint o£ Christian principle, Christian love, and Christian fidelity. Very many of you are new to a Synod and its deliberations. Let me say to you that the first Christian Synqd that ever met believed eo simply, so naturally, that all which it eaid and did must of neoeBsity be done under' the inspiration of the Holy Spirit that, though it was called upon to deal with matters ^vhieh might ap pear as truly secular as those -with whloh we are to deal this Beesiou the enacting worde of its Ordinanoe, the first Synod Ordinanoe thet ever was, ran thus, '• It- seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us" (Acts xv.,28). V To the Holy GhoBt, and ^to ub!" God and man 1 With how marvel lous foroedoes the simple direotnees of euoh a sentence lead us to the only flight conception of a Synod and its bninese 1 THB DOING OP Dnr, AND ITS BEWABD. I have done. The hand of the Death Angel, so bffsy among oar members since last we met, bids us to-day remember how there will come a Synod of Grafton, and, Armidaie,' one day, when another Bishop will be delivering his inaugural Address, and when, among his clergy and laity seated thus around ..him, not one of thia assembly shall be found. But bur works do follow ns. Every Ordi nance that we frame, every Besolntion we affirm, every scheme we lay for the building of the "Kingdom of God will contribute; something, good or." evil, to what the Church here will be that day. And it is of that coming day we Christian men are bound to think more than Of this present day. The burden upon ourselves grows heavier; very likely. The call upon ouraelf-denial more frequent and more urgent s • very likely. The strain of self-repression becomes ever more painfolV .very likely. - But we are building for the time to come; build ing, not after the fashion whjch, uiay please ourselves, and cost us" least, abdsmake our little Jives smooth and; easy; but.as Christain duty bids ub. And, after ail, it is aa true in life of the Church as in our " fair island story," tbat ^ the path .of,duty is the way to-glory." ■ (pray God .that; euoh a note may he the dominant of this Synod session. Duty, whether in gift,T>r.in 'epeecb, or in legislation,' ■■phtyi'^-sj.-.■/.,'} y He.ihat ever following her commands ■. On, wi th toil of heart, arid knees, and hands. Through the long gorge to the lir light has ; His path upward and prevailed, ' : Shall find the toppling otags of-Duty scaled, Ate close upon the shining tablelands - To which our God Himself isroooD and sua, . Amen. - (poncluSei). 