in Mli -?Mm ' ^hii :iB W linost remarkable world ever I saw,' eaid the Stinb Editor, ' and I've been to Belleriv-e too.' ' Sarely Bellerivo ien't out ot the world.°1ialdithe Poet. 'Well, pot exactly. Bnt one ?ould iSsily itnagine it oat of the world it 'li were not for the great eimilarity between the conduct of sanitary contracts there and at places like— er^-txk — where shall I ?ay.' ? ' Don't Bay Hobarfc,' exclaimed *he Barmaid. ' Say New Norfolk. All Hobart folks are supposed to be quite sane, you know.' ' That reminds pie of my story,' said tte ' Shtib Editor. ' At New Norfolk there haye been strange happenings.' 'A lady ia itP' asked the Bar maid. 'Tea,' &t; least ehejwas in it until she was violently pushed out of it by an irate stationmaster. It appears that the lady was bothering the statiomnaster, who is evidently postmaster in his spare time, about some letters. She wanted to know 'whether he had sent certain letters on by a certain train ? ' ' An nnoertain train, you mean,' suggested the Punster. ' No New Norfolk train is certain.' ' Like the law of that illoBtriona hamlet,*' rejoined the Snub Editor, ' as y,ou shall . hear if you'll only listen.' Well, the lady was bother ing the S.M. about letters ? ?' ' Foreign letters f ' queried the Insignificant Man. 'Don't ask foolishqaestions,' re torted the Snub Editor, 'or I'll hare to treat you as the S.M. is alleged to have treated the lady for the same offence. She pestered the poor man so and got in his way so persistently that he bad to cannon up againBt her. Then he bundled her oft tbe station out of harm's way.' ' I should hope the magistrates gave it to him properly for his rude ness,' said the Barmaid. ' Yes, they did ; fioed him a shil ling and costs, or, as tbe Mercury report has it : ' The Bench were of opinion that, technically, an offence had been committed by the Btationmaster, who had power to detain and arrest persons under such circumstances, but not lay hands on them and remove them.' ' ' That must be wrong,' said the Publisher. ?' How could he detain and arrest anybody without using his hands ? Was he supposed to do it with his feet ?' ' It's qnite easy when you know how,' said the Business Man. ' Of course you know that since the war started the magistrates have been reading up Spanish and American manners and customs. They tumbled across the astonishing fact that when a Spanish - American gaucho wants to catch a horse or a cow he does it with a lassoo.' ' Sort of legropes 'em round the neck,' remarked the Punster. ' Yes. And that's evidently what the sfcationmaster is to do in future.' ? 'Indeed; I'd kick against that !' exclaimed the Barmaid. ' So do the buffaloes ; but it's no use kicking against either the law or the lassoo.' «. m m ' Talking of postmasters and sich,' said the Athletic Mnii, ' I see some very influential people are kicking up a dust about the re moval of the lady who condescends to preside over that West Coast letter depot.' ' Like Conlan and other police men, postmistresses have to move on occasionally,' mused the Worm. ' It is just au well perhaps that they are not allowed to take root in a place. Bnt all the same their lot is not a particularly happy one.' 'JSo,' agreed the Philosopher. 'A young friend of mine t.unk charge of a small country post-office ouce, and was run off ins legB in Jess than a month. The population pi.^Jie jjlaoe was small and wry scattered, and folks who walked a mile to ask if there was a letter for them felt called upon to tell my friend all their domestio troubles. The women were the worst for that. He patiently submitted, for he was a good-natured chap and didn't like to be rude. So he got so loaded up with information about how old Janey was last birthday, when thb strawberry cow waB expected to be in milk again, how many teeth baby had, and J;ow many teeth Mrs. Jones' baby hadn't, and things like that, that it is a wonder he didn't go stark staring mad. One woman who lived near by was the most troublesome. She was always calling or sending over to see if there were any letters. She never got any, but said she had some second cousins somewhere in Eng land, she didn't know where, nor had sbe ever seen these relatives, but some of them might write one of these days, they might have chanced to see her name in the papers, she thought, etc., eto. At first the young postmaster got inte rested in the yarn about those second cousins, and displayed his sympathy to suoh purpose that the woman felt justified after a week or two in asking him wistfully if he thought they would be likely to write soon. He said be didn't know, but supposed they might. That made her come of tener and he wished he hadn't encouraged the trouble by allowing himself to be trapped into an expression of opinion. At tbe end of the month he was fit to swear at the anxious enquirer and others, bnt being a Sunday school teacher couldn't do it out load. One day, for the hundredth time since he bad been there, he had told her there were no letters. In the after noon she sent her little girl over to say, ' Please, Mister Brown, mother says if there ain't no letters when do you think there will be one ?' That cooked him ; and he sent bis resignation to the head office straight away.' ? ? # ' Jim the Laney hasn't called in to- night.' remarked the Business Man. ' Wonder where he is ?' 'He's joined the Young Tasmania Party,' replied the Landlord, ' and there's a meeting to-night to choose a nominee for the dog snaveller's billet, and there is a hitch in the proceedings. In appears that one candidate can't produce his birth certificate — says lie had Forgotteo that ever he had one Until they told him so ; A birthday he had, bat he's such an old lad. That it must have been years ago. Another candidate is likely to be disqualified because he was born on an emigrant ship just off Gape Raoul, and is therefore held not to be a Tasmanian native. Jim told me he was going to take the chair at the meeting to-night and ex pected to have to rule one or two of the members out of order for being deficient in hnmor. The grocer chap, for instance, who boasts that he never read a novel in his life, was expected to upset harmony by moving that the Gape Raoul appli cant be declared a Native Com panion by Act of Hoggins '.' ' Here's a story,' announced the Government House Man, ' about a very smart business man who snp nlies the town with chaff and ? ' ' No smart business man supplies chaff,' interrupted the Punster. ' His customers would resent such a liberty.' 'The sort of chaff I was referring to is that which some interjectors 1 know would have no difficulty in assimilating,' retorted the other. ' In fact any donkey would appre ciate it. Likewise every horse, cow, ox, goat, or sheep, with or without horns of dillemma or tails of woe oh.' ' I beg your pardon,' humbly apologised the Punster. ' Pray proceed with your tail of woeowe 0*6.' ' You've just struck it ; it was a tile uf owe. A vendor of sausages came along one day and ordered some horse feed from the smart business man atore-mpntioned. ' As the butoher'was generally believed to be fairly prospetous tbe chaff wn8 duly delivered, aud a cheque in payment was expected to foe forth coming in the usual day or tiro. Meantime the chaff merchant con sidered that as one gocd turn de serves another, he might very pro perly give the nutoher a turn top a months meat, so suggested the matter to his wife. Some joints were duly ordered, butnot delivered, as the carcases then in stock were ' too hot to out.4' Chanoing to meet the sausage man a few days later theohaff merchant asked why the blanky blank that meat hadn't deen sent to order. The sausage person admitted having forgotten to complete the order. Bat the same thing happened again; and the chaff merchant grew suspicious and annoyed. A messenger was sent to order and fetch away a joint, but though the shop was full of all ?orts of prime meat the butcher de clared that he hadn't an ounce to bell, and the messenger went boms empty-handed.' : ' t suppose tbe chaff merchant's family began to sing, 'When shall we meat again P' ' chipped in the Punster. ' Yes. But the real trouble be gan when the chaff man got a no tice of a certain little meeting of creditors. He realised then that ' Had made a miss-steak,' inter jected the Punster. ' But why didn't he get a friend, who was un known as such to the butcher, to try for ? ' ' So he did. A bu.Btling hash founder rushed into the sausage man's shop one morning and ordered a side of mutton — 'quick and lively,'* as a party of yachtsmen were waiting at tbe wharf for it. While the sheep was being chopped down the bntcher caught a glimpse of the face of the chaff merchant peering round the opposite corner towards the shop, and watching the progress of his friend's deal with much anxions interest. The butcher tumbled at once to the game, and remarked: 'No you don't, my friend, Cm off yer. Jest clear outer my shop, sudden.' Seeing the ruse bad proved unsuccessful, the chaff merchant couldn't refrain from rushing into the sausage fac tory to give the slippery man of suet a piece of his mind. 'You greasy, go-easy, sneezy, fleasy blank, what tbe blankity blank blank do you mean by attempting to rob a decent man's wife and family ?' he yelled. Then with a wild war whoop he made for the man of meat with fire glistening in bis eye ind a meat saw waving aloft in his hand. The butcher man bad an ob jection to being sawn op on his own block, so he started on a goasyou please around the shop. In and out among the carcases he dodged, the perspiration streaming off his noble countenance and dropping on to the sawdust floor in great splashes every time he jumped back to avoid the undexterous thrusts and lunges of the infuriated person with the saw. It was an awful time for tbe butcher. Every carcase he dodged past in his hurried stampede served to rei.iind him of the thousands of poor dumb animals he had slaugh tered in the past. The ghosts of long murdered pigs and bullocks and sheep seemed to dance before .his vision, and to be gloating over his impending doom. A big red bullock, whom he remembered hav ing years ago hired an amateur to slaughter, was especially threaten ing as a ghost. With tail on end, and horns tipped with red hot steel, that old bullock's awful shade Buemed to the tonified fugitive to cavort round and round with the disputants, and with rattling bones and a horrible aoul-shnkiog bellow ing, to be urging on the man 'with the saw to finish Mb victim. GhoSte of long dead jumbucks and porfcers also appeared to be dancing a quaint quadrille expressive of untold joy at the approaching end of the monster Blue Coat who had done them to death. Also, a fcW smaller animals barked and caterwauled in the air and gleefully toyed with a Ing red hot sausage machine while slgnifi cantly leering at the chaff mer chant's intended viotim.. It was terrible I Bat both men were stout, and the paoe began to tell on them. Tbe pnrsued was most affeotod. Tbe pursuer gained per oeptibly, and his last sweep with the saw went dangerously close to the doomed butcher. ' Don't bold me back, bnt let me at him!' roared the chaff man. Prieuds among tbe onlookers took (he bint and inter posed, just as the poorstusage man threw his bulky form against a. closed door anil Ml through it, and was dragged upstairs into the bosom ?f his alarmed family.' 'Is that allr1' anxionsly en quired the Barmaid, when the story-teller ceased epeacing. 'My, dear young lady,' remarked the Snub Editor. ' Why spoil a stirring tale by wanting to know the absolute, unimportant end ?' 