CHAPTER HIV—A HAUNTED MAN. Kotn uoionei v;oay ana Lieutenant Seaford were, deeply impressed with what they had seen, and yet could not account-for. ' Not for a moment did they believe in the supematuraj, and yet it was unaccountable to them how they hod seen two spectre-looking- horsemen ride into the village, halt at the trees where hung-tlie bodies of their slain com rades, and then live white-robed forms ride away like seeming, phantoms. “It’s more than-I can-grasp,” muttered Cody to the lietCfenant; and-yet hisi sur prise did not prevent him from wishing to make the renegade suffer for his crimes, and seeing this Lieutenant Sea ford chimed in'with’ him. They had discovered that the renegade awoke, with a nightmare every, night, that he shouted out in his sleep, and was frequently fighting- off a spectre in his dreams. They were convinced that, he had committed some heinous crime, and that there was a, woman who had been the sufferer. But now they discov ered that he was suffering great mental anguish when wide awake. His crimes, his wild life, and dwelling among the redskins had made him as su perstitious as the Indians who had made him a chief in their tribe. In spite of theLr feelings towards the man, the scout and the officer were both compelled to pity him in the anguish he suffered, when he cried out: “For the love of Heaven, gentlemen, tell me if you believe that spirits of the dead walk the earth?” ‘T have never believed so, and think now there is an explanation for what we saw, if we could only get at it,” Lieutenant Seaford sa'd, compassion “But you saw-them, Colonel Cody?” “Oh, yes, I saw a sight that I cannot explain." ; ' . “Were you ever a haunted man?” “No.” • “I am;’’ and there was a, world of meaning in the words and the manner in which they were spoken. As the two prisoners did not pursue, the matter1 further, the renegade chief rose, paced to and fro for awhile, and then throwing mare logs on the fife, went over, to his- bunk in the other end of the cabin, to retire. • “If you hear me groaning in my sleep, I beg you to awaken me,” he said ear nestly; and they both promised. They were impressed with the man for; in: spite of-his. face in all its hideous war-paint, they-saw that it was-a fine one,-.and his language and manners indi cated that he had been a gentleman and reared in refinemet. ... ; ;.J You think it was Powell; then,.playing off the ghost?” .whispered Lieutenant Seaford, as the two sat before: the fire; and the steady breathing of the renegade showed, that lie-was asleep.' • \ “It Hashed upon, me that-. it • was. Powell.”., ,i “I have known him. to do some-very reckless and clever things to rescue-a-, friend in.;need.” - . . ■ - ... ... “But you fsjrgcJ your.., Ghosjt - pfythc.; Mountains?”' L ./. . . . . “Aii, yes; I had forgotten him. .But then, that.-was the.-other range of moun tains which he haunted.” , y “True; but he.proved your friend.more than once, and may be. doing so again-” “It may be; but there was a. pair Qf them to-night." ' . " [ “Five, as they rode away.” *. '' ‘But how do you'account for that most clever act?” “I hardly kno*K". If it was -Frank Powell,.lie has one'of my scouts aiding him, and it was a-desperately bold game for them to enter this village as tliev did." ' “And carry off the three bodies, too. I cannot understand that performance, Cody.” ' “Nor can I, lieutenant.” “May not Powell have met your friendly ghost and joined forces . with him?” : “Ah that may be. But whoever it was who was playing the ghost must have been aware' that ,our three com rades were killed-to-day, they doubtless witnessing the whole affair from ' the mountains.” “Yes; and if they can carry off the dead, the living may not .be neglected.” " That is just what I was thinking, and I fancy we had better be on the look- out for more ghostly- visitors. ' If they only knew it, they would find noth ing to harm them here, for the renegade would die with fright and the younfe bucks stand calmly and see them rescue us. But now let us try and sleep, sin Ah! there is the renegade chased by a whole graveyard full of ghosts from the way he howls.” And Cody hastened over to awaken the haunted man, who was suffering untold agony in his dreams. (To be Continued.) Says , the, “Gloucester Journal”:—_ Everyone is asking' who is the Pekin correspondent of the “Times,” whose early, exclusive and accurate informa tion has done something towards re instating the “Times” in its old position in London journalism, lie is Dr Mor rison, whose' •' intimate acquaintance with China was acquired’by the simple process of walking across the country from Chin-kiaiig To Bhamo. Dr Mor rison is' aii Australian by birth, being the son of the’ inaster of the Geelong College. Since lie left Melbourne Uni versity lie'.Ints pursued his .passion for exploration. Tie -knows more about New Guinea,than most white men. Dur ing his travels'In’that country he was nearly speared to'deatli. Before taking his walks abroad in China, Dr Morrison crossed Australia on foot from sea to sea. Finding himself in Pekin at the ; time the affairs of China suddenly be i came the earnest business of the West i ern Powers/Tie offered his services to* the “Times” as their correspondent . and has speedily distanced all competl l torn. . . - : . 