CONCISE COLUMN. Fefanuqrg. Wragge's star has set Bash fires at Ringville. Gladstone's health failing. Bush fires raging at Strahan. Weather warm an oppressive. Heat intense at Queenstown. Another warm day promised. Armenians ask for autonomy. Interesting story about a ghost. General Sir Daniel Lyson dead. Close warm weather still prevails. Englishmen showing better form. All the Curtin-Davis buildings destroyed. Phylloxera destroying Auckland vines. Over Sing of rain fell locally last month. Largo eras at die base of Mount Owen. Indian fanatics kill a hospital attendant. Englishmen second innings— seven for Wragge'i 'wild foeaste' deserted tiie Coast. V Hon. D. C. Ur^uhart left for Queens [ town. State school to be established at Queens Ranjitsinh'ji made 65, and wag bowled by Noble. Telegram at this office for Mr J. R. Ambrose. Trouble has arises within the Sultans dominions. ?* Resident ' writes on the ♦' piggery ' at Qoeenstown. Bioh placer finds Jure been made at the Laird Biver. Monapouri left for iStrahan with a full passenger list. Large number of visitor! still flocking to Queenstown. Lord fiossmead'g personalty has been Stated a* £M,0(W. English rugbyfootball team to visit Aus tralia next season. Serious riots in India in connection with the Bubonic plague. German export trade for last year largest yot recorded. Oh, it's simply awful! I prefer the rain, mud, and slush. !/? It is usually very unlucky for the mouse that meets a black cat. Franco- Australian parcels post conven tion being promulgated. Reported that Russia is sending 10,000 troops to the Par East. Launceston Cup to-day, 17 acceptors, five of thorn Victorians. Mr B. A. Pontifex returned to Stratum after an extended tour. Ore exported from Zeehan for January 1,001 tons, value £11,611. Many rendered homeless by the fires in the N.E. Dundas district. Mr Parry mode things very pleasant for the Strahan school children. LyoH Smelting Works and converters working as smoothly as ever. This is a thankless world. A man gets no credit when he pays cosh. At present the Englishmen ore 1GJ ahead of the Australian score. Visit to Mr Mulcahy's brick works to day. Train loaves at 9.90 p.m. Everybody can tell how somebody suc ceeded by following his advice. Two men kilted and one hundred in jured by the Newcastle explosion. Smoke from the bush fires increasing the oppressiveness of the heat wave. The ladies worked hard to prevent the spread of Ore at Bingville yesterday. It is characteristic of opportunity that she generally shuts the door after her. New Zealand Marine Department to construct a lighthouse oft the East Cape. Practice nay not make the lawyer per fect, but enough of it will moke bim rich. The loss the average man knows about a thing the more be wants to talk about it. Many British officers kilted So tbe gorge at Shincanar by the rebel tribes men. Bush 6rcs razing at Queetistown. A number of dwellings threatened. One but burnt. Bosh fires caused gnat trouble at Dan das. Ths brewery and manager's house threatened. Strong Dervish force left Omdwuin to attack the tribes friendly to tbe British expedition. Egyptian Government sold the Khe dives steamers, and tbe floating dock at Alexandra. General Westmacott reports that the Mamuui column became entangled in the gorge KtShincan&r.; If this warm weather continues an ice factory would bo a desirable addition to local industries. Publishing the names of unclaimed wires at Quoeimtown is proving a groat boon to the public. Don't exaggerate. If you repeat'astory exactly as it was told to you you are exaggerating enough. Great crowd outside 'Herald' office last night anxiously awaiting result of fourth test match. The ' Stmdord ' says that the Anglo -Russian loan negotiations have taken a favorable turn. President Cruger has issued an order for all Indian traders and coolies to be re moved from the towns. 'Novossti' virtually admits (hat the Russian Government purchased tbe military secrets from Dreyfus. Stnthsn school children had most eajoy »bly bin to Ocean Beach, thanks to the courtesy of the Hon. A. T. PUlinger. ' Have yon ever been at Cork !' asked * gentleman of Footo. 'No,' caid tbe r great humorist, ' but Iv'e seen many drawings of it.' It is tbe man who has always been so costomed to cabbage and bacon at home Who does the most grumbling at & first class hotel. If Britain does not insist on the open ing of the port of Talienwan, Kussis will not oppose the British control of the Chinese customs. 'NoTostT' disclaims any intention ott tbe part of Russia to disturb Uie friendly relations with Britain in connection with the Chinese question. 