THE DRUCE MYSTERY. THE MOCK BURIAL' CASE. Public interest is now fully aroused in the mysteiy of the Hjghgate vault; and the growing opinion is that exhumation, and nothing but exhumation, can afford a solu tion of the strange case, says "Lloyd's Weekly" newspaper. The remark heard on every hand is: "If Mrs. Druee be a de luded lady why not have this straightway proved by opening the grave and the coffin therein? The spade would speedily settle the vexed question." But it is not the in tention of the solicitors of the trustees of the will to have that tomb disturbed. In deed the eagerness of Sirs. Druee in the di rection of exhumation is only equalled by their eagerness to prevent her. An impar tial public naturally infers that Mrs. Druce's contention gives her opponents an uneasy feeling of uncertainty as to the con tents of that coffin, lowered into the vault 34 years ago, and purporting to hold the re mains of tuc late Thomas Charles Druee, her husband's father. Truth never was "stramger than fiction" than in this wonderful story. Let the main features be gathered up in resume. Six mouths ago Mrs. 'Druce's sou, Sidney Charles, became of age. She accordingly employed solicitors to have his title vindi cated to the ownership of the Druee vault in Highgate cemetery. The then owner was Nij-. Herbert Druee, of Baker-street Bazaar. His solicitors offered strenuous op position, but subsequently yielded without litigation. The grave was, therefore, trans ferred to Sidney Charles Druee. This was the first stroke in the light, arid Mrs. Druee won. She next sought to prove that her sou was heir-at-law to the will as well as to the vault; and she made out so convincing a case before Dr. Tristram, in the London Consistory Court, that he granted her a faculty to have the grave opened for the purpose of ascertaining whether many years ago a large sum of money had been diverted from her by the alleged bogus burial of her father-in- law. It- may be taken as certain that the chancellor did not make this order on any sentimental grounds. As a matter of fact, it was proved by actual production of the burial certificate of the original I. C. Druee that no medical signature was at tached. It is this extraordinary omission which lends the most weighty support to the lady petitioner's case. Moreover, several birth certificates were produced by Mrs. Druce's solicitors in support of lier plea that the claims of the hitherto recognised heir were not legitimate. Mr. Phillips, who acts for Mrs. Druee, is confident that when the judge or judges shall have heard the astounding proofs he can bring forward they will uphold the chancellor's faculty. The lawyers on the other side pin their faith to the techni calities of the Burials Act, under which it is contended that in exhuming one body other coffins must not be moved. The coffin in dispute being at the bottom of the vault the moving of those above it could not possibly be avoided. It is, however, very possible that the letter of the law may have to submit to the facts of the case. Mrs. Druce's solicitors state that they know tho contents of the coffin; are, in deed, virtually iu the position of having an, invoice. They persistently avow that there is no body there. Not" unnaturally, the cemetery company, too. would like to see the matter cleared up. They do not like the moral stigma which in some sense attaches to their part in the curious business. The secretary who was in office at the time of the disputed burial in 1804 is dead years ago, and his successor cannot conceive what that gentleman was thinking about, or what motives could in duce him to permit a burial without medi cal certification, and without any statutory declaration proving the titles of the person claiming to be the heir at law. &ueh; a thing passes comprehension. The only ob stacle now in the way of exhumation, therefore, is legal quibbling. Should the Queen's Bench refuse to uphold the Chan cellor's order, then Mrs. Druce's solicitors will appeal to the House of Lords. For the present the petitioner is being encouraged and supported by members of the Pembroke family, who have espoused her cause. THE IMPOUNDED PHOTOGRAPH. Round the photograph which is impound ed by the Consistory Court a great deal of interest clings. It was given to Mrs. Druee for production in the court by a gen tleman (whose name for tiie present we are asked not to mention) who was a personal friend of the late Mr. Druee, from whom he received it. He will swear to it being Mr. Druee, as will several other witnesses. On the other hand, Dr. Forbes Winslow has stated that, to the best of his belief, it is the photograph of Dr. Harmer, who was under his care for insanity. Again, the photograph is declared to be identical with some taken of the late Duke of Portland, when for a short period that eccentric nobleman wore a beard. So impressed was Dr. Tristram with these facts that lie forth with ordered the photograph to be im pounded as important evidence, and it is now in charge of his court. It is a carte de visite,- with full length figure, only a trifle over 3 inches in height. The heard ap pears to have been touched up by the photo grapher. MRS. DRUCE AND HER CHILDREN. Mrs. Druee, when asked as to the trutli ot the published statement anent lier daughtera bemg in Marylebone work house, said that the story had been told by some one who had either wilfully distorted it or who was grossly ignorant of the facts. It was true tnat her children had been in charge of the guardians of the parish, hut a sum of £150 per annum was paid for their maintenance while they were there by a hrm of solicitors acting for the Druee family. She had de liberately put herself and children upon the parish in consequence of an at tempt that was made to deprive her of their custody. An application was made to Mr. Justice Ciutty in the matter, and that judge reiused to allow the children to be taken from lier, saying that he' would make no or der that would deprive the mother of the custody of her little ones. They now occu pied very good positions, and the story told in the manner it was had caused them much pain. Xhey were practically wards of court, and one was a ward of court now. There was no daughter of hers in the workhouse now, as had been stated, and her youngest daughter was staring with personal friends, blie wanted it to he thoroughly understood that slie and her children entered the work house as a measure of protection. The guar (lians were paid for keeping them, and she faded to sec why her action, which Mr. Jus tice Clntty had practically approved, should lie brought against her to-day as something she should be ashamed of. WHO WAS DR. HARMER? . A representative of the "Sun" lins lind an interview with tho man who was "Dr Har- mer's " keeper in Dr. Forbes Winslow's pri vate lunatic asylum' at Hammersmith George Williams is the keeper's name. From tending lunatics in the seventies he lias for several years been bathman at St. Mary Is-' lington workhouse infirmary. "I should think I did know Dr. Harmer " lie said, "and I shan't forget him, eirhe'r I have attended to lunatics in Bethnai Green Asylum and Northumberland House t'nishiirv Park, but never saw the likes of him. He was for ever striking attitudes in a comer, pointing at the floor stamping his feet and shouting: 'Down there, it's down there: down, down, down': then lie would shudder as if seeing a ghost coming out of a hole in the floor. Ail day Jong he kept on talking about passages under the ground " "Would you be able #> identify his photo- graph? "In a moment," said "Williams, rising ex pectantly from his chair. Unfortunately the only photograph pro duced in the Druee mystery lins been im pounded by the Consistory Court. Williams gave the following verbal por trait of Dr. Harmer: "lie weren't a hand some man : short and thick-set; wore a greyish beard, I think; pulled awful faces when the fit was on (and it was more often on than off); and looked like a man with a tidy weight on his mind. "Yon could see with half an eye that he was no common patient. He always wore a top hat, and used to treat his other at tendant, Mr. New, who came with hiin, and myself with contempt— just like a dook' You never knew when he might fire some thing at you. Out in the grounds his favor ite sport was chucking stones about. We had to be constantly clutching hold of his arm. Periodically Airs. Harmer visited him. She looked about 45, and the doctor about 60\. He seemed to talk quite sensibly to liis wife. He had the best apartments in the house. Nobody else ever came to see him Mrs. Harmer always brought cigars, and he smoked furiously till the supply was done hgliting one cigar with the end of another' Mr. New generally slept with him, but sometimes I took Ncw's place. Talk about a strange bedfellow, if he wakened once lie wakened 20 times, ravmg about apparitions and that eternal hole in the floor. He was always quite certain the bed would sink into it. "I was his keeper in the vear 1870 IT years after the alleged burial of Mr. Druee in the family vault at Highgate. In course of tuue he got. well again and left the asy- lum. I never heard of him practising as a doctor. I last saw him in his house called Marshgate, at Richmond, in the year 1881. Ho was in bad health and died shortly afterwards. 1 don't know where he was buried. But I do know that lie was not buried jp .IJiohpat in 1S64." 