THE SPINSTER'S CHRISTMAS. MISS PRIME was the village spinster. There were, of course, several other maiden ladies of certain and uncertain age in Evandale, but, in the same way that many wires belong to their husbands, Wiss Prime belonged to the residents of the little town. She was theirs in sickness and in health ; to the poor and to the rich, to the good and to the bad, she gave herself ; and when death appeared in any of the little homes. Miss Prime was always summoned. All of which proves that she was beloved in Evandale. She was a comely little woman, and looked not much older than she bad looked fifteen years before, when her spinsterhood had com menced. That was when Elliott Scudder had gone away from Evandale. Every one knew that Angy Prime had sent him, that her heart had gone with him, that she would thenceforth listen to no words of love, that the love story of her life had been told. Many and various were the ways in which her neighbours tried to lighten the loneliness of her life, and there was an unspoken com pact among them that she should never be left alone on holidays. On Christmas, on New Tear's Day, at Thanksgiving, she was always invited to join some family group. Deep in her heart the little woman knew that this was all pre-arranged. While she was well aware that she was not looked on in the light of a burden, she knew that she was invited out of sympathy, and sympathy is often an alias of charity. Sometimes — but only to herself, of course — Miss Prime re belled, aud wished that she might have the courage to refuse the kindly invitation, but she never had ; at least she never had had until this particular Christmas. The invitation to eat dinner with Mrs. Tait had been duly delivered, and Miss Prime was sitting at her little rosewood desk pre paring to write her acceptance. Suddenly she determined that she would not go ; she would refuse for once. She hurriedly wrote a note declining the invita.ion, and, hastily putting on her bonnet and shawl, took it im mediately to the post-office, thus -giving her self no time to change her mind. When she reached home again she closed the d> rs and drew down the blinds, so that if any one from Mrs. Tait came to inquire her reason for this unusual act it would appear as if she were out. Having started in upon a career of deception, Miss Prime found that one white lie had to be followed np with another: but she needed time to form her plans, time to invent a reason for having re fused to dine with a neighbour on Christmas Day. All day long she sat in her kitchen thinking over what she should say. Night is an early visitor tn December, and in the shaded kitchen Miss Prime's work fell from her hands long before it was time for tea. She leaned her .head- haalu- ngoinct the cushioned rocker, and a little procession of ghostly ifx passed before her eyes. There was the Christmas that might have been if she had not listened to those idle tales — if he had not gone away without asking her reasons for sending him. There might have been a merry little group around her table, if— there might have been childish voices at her Christmas tree, if And then a strange resolution formed itself in Miss Prime's mind. She would have the same dinner that she would have had for him and for them. No one would know I And why might she not have the joy of preparing a real Christmas dinner just once ? To say that Miss Prime's response to Mrs. Tait's invitation caused consternation in Evandale would be to express it mildly. It was the one subject of gossip at tea tables and other meeting places. Christmas Day broke wild and stormy. In the little spinsters house there was an unusual air of festivity, but it was a ghostly festivity, for an immense silence reigned. Once or twice Miss Prime essayed to sing a Christmas carol, but at last she gave it up. " I declare to gracious," she cried, " I do believe you're plum crazy, Angelina Prime ! Suppose somebody should come in and find you carrying on like this! A home for the feeble minded'd be the next place you'd be asked to." In a few moments, however, she rose from the rocker, walked to the door of the best room, and opened it. There was spread the Christmas table ; a tiny branch of fir bending with Christmas candies and gilded nuts, with red cheeked apples and golden oranges, oc cupied the center; around it were drawn four chairs, and on it were covers for four. Tears sprang to Miss Prime's eyes as she placed the turkey on the well-loaded table, seated her self, and then bowed her head. " For what we — I " Her words ended in a moan. Her Christ mas comedy had turned to tragedy. The empty chairs of imagined husband and chil dren mocked her loneliness. For almost the first time in fifteen years the dreariness of her life confronted her, and the unshed tears of fifteen years before fell thick and fast. The turkey had grown cold, the candles were burning low, but still Miss Prime sat before her family table. She heard a knock at her door, but paid no attention to it. Then, realizing that only some one in need would be abroad on Christmas night, and in such a storm, she rose to answer the summons. She extinguished the caudles, and as she closed the door of the best room, she locked it and slipped the key into her pocket. No one should know of her folly. For an instant the glare from Miss Prime's kitchen light flared out on to the snow. Then the man who had knocked stepped inside, and, taking the lamp from the woman's shak ing hand, placed it on the table. Neither had spoken, for to Miss Prime this was but another of the day's ghosts, and although the man had planned many phrases, in the piesence of the woman he had loved for fifteen 3 ears and more his tongue was tied. " Do you still believe that I am not worthy of your love, Angy i" he said at last. It was almost as if he had been gone from her fifteen minutes instead of fifteen years, and her answer was given as it would have been bad he come back for an explanation in that far away past. "No, I never did believe that." ' But you listened to the stories against me. " I — I didn't believe them." " But you sent me from you." ' I only wanted to be sure that I loved you.' " And you are sure now ?" " Tes, Ell." After a little while Miss Prime said shyly : " Our supper's ready, Ell." Then a crimson flush dyed her cheeks. " Goodness' sakes," she cried, " you Bit right here and don't move until I call you !" Then she disappeared into the best room. The knives, forks, plates, glasses, napkins, and chairs were quickly removed from the sides of the table, and when Miss Prime called her lover she added : ' ' I thought it would look more sociable for you to see the table set for two." 