The Nepean Times. PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY MORNING. SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1898 Local and general. PALMISTRY.—" Santanella," an eminent palmist from London, visits Penrith to- day. MARKET GAERDENERS will find it to their ad- vantage to buy Anderson's New Seeds from JUDGES BROS. COURSING.—I am going to Rooty Hill on Queen's Birthday to see the Coursing, What do you think, Jim ? Fifty events each day, and every one a trier—no jockeys to take a pull on them. Admission 1s. And what strikes me most is—Mr. Moseley, of St. Marys, is going to sell beer at 3d per glass. It is by far the best place to spend a holiday.* HELD OVER.—"At Random," by "Delta," which will appear in our next issue. DR. STANICH, Specialist Ear, Nose, Throat, Epilepsy, or Falling Fits, can be consulted at his Rooms, 84 Elizabeth-street, near King-street, Sydney.* WHEEL in your head ungreased. That's awkward. Not drink? Not Flu Flu, you know what that is ? Influenza, that's not brought on by swallow- ing a box of dominoes. It's a very severe cold in every part of the body ; the treatment is pure, simple and effective. Take Woods' Great Pepper- ment cure ; it knocks it out every time, Paste this on the kitchen clock. THE BIOGRAPH COMPANY.—To-night (Saturday) Captain Reade's Biograph Company is announced to appear at the Temperance Hall, Penrith. In ad- dition to the Biograph (by which scenes of America and Spain, &c.;, will be shown).. Mr Gordon Parker will introduce new and startling tricks, and the cabinet of ghosts. Vocal items will also be ren- dered by Miss Dossie Parker. A grand two hours amusement is promised. THE MOUNTAIN ROAD.--Mr T. R.Smith, M.L.A., has handed us the following :-Sydney, 4th May, 1898\. Date of letter under reply : 16th ultimo. Subject:—Further in regard to the clearing of the road from the Main Western Road at Brady's Gate, southwards to Ferguson's. Reply :—The Minister's decision, as conveyed to you by letter of the 24th March last, cannot be departed from. ROBERT HICKSON, Under Secretary and Commissioner for Roads. GLENBROOK ROAD.—Mr T R Smith. M.L.A., has forwarded us the following: —Sydney, 10th May, 1898. . Date of letter under reply: 16th ultimo. Subject : Stating that some repairs are required on the road leading from Glenbrook Railway Station to the Main Western road. Reply : The question of providing funds for the improve- ment of this road will be considered in connection with the next Estimates. ROBERT HICKSON, Under-Secretary and Commissioner for Roads, TOBACCO.—His Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint the following members of the Police Force, stationed in this district, to be Inspectors under the "Tobacco Act,' 47 Victoria No. 12, namely: — Penrith, Sergeant Charles Thorndike ; Mulgoa,'First-class Constable Aris R. Hushes; St Marys, Constable Thomas J. Woods ; Rooty Hill, First-class Constable William Miller ; Emu Plains, First- class Constable William Bressington; Springwoud, Constable James K. Tate. VISIT OF THE GOVERNOR.—On Friday last His Excellency Lord Hampden visited Mulgoa in com- pany with the Hon John Lackey and some friends. They came up by special train, and were driven out to Winbourn, where they were the guests of Mr D E Williams. Some shooting was indulged in in the Deer Park, and three fine specimens were secured and taken to Sydney. About 30 shots in all were fired. The visit was a quiet one, and no one in Penrith appeared to know anything of the affair. THE OLD BUFFER'S MATCH.—As usual the Old Buffer's Cricket match, will be held on Victoria Park, St Marys, on Saturday next. Every old buffer in the district is requested to be present, and take part in the proceedings. Those outside the district, who were at one time associated with cricket in the district are to be invited. The teams will consist of as many as like to play, not eleven aside as stated. The final meeting to fix up all matters connected with the match, will be held at Moseley's Hotel, St. Marys, on Friday next, 27th inst, at 8 p.m. JAMISONTOWN POST OFFICE. Mr T. R. Smith has received the following :—Postal and Electric Telegraph Department, General Post Office, Sydney May 5th. 1898. Sir,—With reference to your letter of the 16th. ultimo, urging that an increase of salary be granted to Mr C. Shepherd, Postmaster at Jamison Town, I am directed by the Postmaster General to intimate that his salary will be Increased from £10 10s to £13 per annum, which amount will accordingly be allowed him from the 3rd instant. I have, &c.;, S H LAMBTON, Deputy Post- master General. DEATH OF Mr. E. K. COX.—We have to record this week the death of Mr Ernest King Cox, young- est son of the late Mr Edward King Cox, of Fernhill, which took place in a private hospital at Sydney on Friday of last week, he being 31 years of age. It appears he had been practising as a solicitor in Western Australia, when he contracted a fever, and was never himself afterwards. He was forced to return to Sydney, and, gradually getting worse, died as before stated. The remains were brought on by the morning train on the Saturday, and interred at the Mulgoa Church of England Cemetery (the family burial ground). A large number of relatives were in attendance, and the wreaths were very beautiful and numerous. Rev C Blacket officiated at the grave, and the arrangements were carried out by Mrs P Kirby and Son at the Sydney end, and by Mrs John Price and Son at this end. ANNUAL HOSPITAL BALL.—A meeting of the Committee of the above was held at Mr D. McDonald's office, High-street, Penrith, on Tues- day afternoon last. Present : Messrs R, Mills, D. McDonald, T. O. Stenmark, J. H. R. Noble, and A. Colless. Mr McDonald was appointed Hon. Secretary. It was decided that the hall should be held on Wednesday, 6th July, a children's ball to take place on the following evening. The price of tickets was fixed for the adults' ball at 10s 6d double ticket, ,7s 6d gent's, and 5s lady's. Children's tickets : Double 2s 6d, single 1s 6d, spectators 1s, It was decided that a meetine of ladies be called, by advertisement in the NEPEAN TIMES, for Monday afternoon at the Council Chambers. Mr Nagell's offer to supply music on both nights free of charge was accepted with thank. Some other formal business was transacted and the meeting adjourned till Monday evening. Great interest is already being taken in this event, which promises to be even a greater success than any previous efforts. ANOTHER RESIDENT GONE.—On Saturday last Mr Thomas Meade, coach proprietor of Penrith, died after a protracted illness of over 12 months duration, the immediate cause of death being pulmonary phthisis. This make no less than three coach proprietors cnt off during 12 months, the first, being Mr J-Priddle, on 24th May, 1897 ; Mr L Landers a few weeks ago, and now Mr Meade. Deceased leaves behind him a young widow. There was one child, but this died a short time ago. Mrs Meade has had her share of trouble. She was ill some time herself, then her husband took ill, then her baby, and at the same time that the baby died her brother was also carried off. Much sympathy is expressed towards her. Tom Meade was a very popular and deserving man. To his customers he was most, attentive. He was a jovial, good-natured Irishman, and we feel sorry to lose such a good townsman. Deceased was attended by Dr Pym through his illness, and was most attentive through- out, although he has for some time mentioned that there were practically no hopes of his recovery. On Sunday morning the body was taken to the Roman Catholic Church, and a funeral service and mass were conducted by the Rev Father Sheridan, At three o'clock in the afternoon the coffin was carried by member of the Druids from the Church to the hearse, and the funeral started on its way to Sir John's Cemetery, headed by about 30 Druids in regalia and followed by some 55 vehicles and about 17 horsemen. At Mulgoa-road the Druids opened up and allowed the procession to pass through, mont of them following in vehicles. The funeral continued its way to Sir John's Cemetery on Mulgoa-road. The Rev Father Sheridan read the burial service at the grave. On the coffin and the hearse a number of beautiful wreaths were laid. Among those who contributed were the following : —Mrs Priddle, Mr and Mrs Hobby, Mr and Mrs J K' Williams, sen, Mr and Mrs J E Williams, jun, Mr and Mrs Carter. Mr E W Orth, Pride of the Forest (U.A.O.D.), Mr and Mrs E King, Mrs R Mills, Mr and Mrs Barlow, Miss M Shaw, Mr and Mrs Quinn. Mrs John Price (through her manager, Mr W Fragar) had charge of the funeral arrangements, AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.—The adjourned annual meeting of the Nepean District A H and I Society, will be held at the Council Chambers, on Tuesday, 31st May, at 3 p.m. Every member is specially invited to be present, as well as record their vote, by sending in the ballot paper on the day preceding the meeting. OUTSTANDING RATES.—His Worship the Mayor (Mr A Reid) informs us that he will on Wednesday next issue summonses against every ratepayer whose rates are unpaid. Exception will however be made to those who are out of work and unable to pay, if they will do work for the Council and so out their rates out. OUR HOSPITAL.—Master George White, who met with an accident a few, weeks ago, has so far improved under Dr Pym's skilful treatment that he will leave the Hospital to-day. His finger is all right, and his foot, although very much improved since the amputation, will take some time to harden sufficiently for him to have the artificial part fixed. A man named Sam Scharlt was ad- mitted a day or two ago suffering from the effects of a buggy accident. Dr Pym has rather a busy time, especially as Dr Campbell is away for a few days owing to sickness in his family. THE PENRITH BURGLARY.—On Friday of last week, three men named Charles Harris (26), black- smith, Charles Baker (28), engineer, and Robert Charles, alias Jacobs (16), laborer, were charged at Newcastle, at the instigation of Senior-constable. Strachan and Constable Vincent, with having stolen in company 21 pairs of tweed trousers, 12 pairs of moleskin trousers, two youth's grey serge suits, one pair white blankets, six crimean shirts, 10 pairs merino under trousers, one cardigan jacket, one set black leather harness, total value £22, the property of John James Brown, of Penrith on the 8th inst. On the application of Senior-sergeant Oxley accused were remanded till Friday. Bail was allowed— selves in £80 with two sureties of £40 each. Some of the property was found on the accused, but the bulk of it had been disposed of. The young man has, we understand, confessed to having in company with the others stolen the property in question, as as well as horse and sulky. Two of the accused, he says, went by road to Parramatta, and he jumped a goods train and joined them there. They afterwards went by steamer to Newcastle. The story of his jumping a goods train cannot be true as no train left during the night, and three men were seen in a sulky, answering the description of the one lost, at Prospect. 