ROCKHAMPTON. SATURDAY. FEBRUARY IS, 169S. GHOSTS. On many occasions, within the ordinary experience of the people of Rockhampton, the long drawn out proceedings in our Courts of justice have furnished ample evidence of the difficulty of elucidating the trutli as to facts and occurrences of a common diameter. A slight difference in the position from which facts have been viewed ; a diversity of characters on the part of observers ; shades of degrees in the powers of observation ; variety of mental conditions at the time of per- ception ; the impact of circumstances calculated to affect some minds more than others-all these things tend to pro- duce variety, if not sometimes actual con- tradiction, in witnesses' evidence. Hence the creation of doubts wliicli lead to the tortured mind finding relief in thc Scottish verdict not proven. While the human mind is frequently difficult to influence by ponderable evidence on matters of fact, it is astonishing to find how it can be touclied and impressed by incomprehensible fancies. Illustrations of this tendency will be found oa glancing at thc belief in the supernatural, which prevails so univer ally alike among civilised men and savages. Poetry and romance teem with, pictures of imaginary creations, which possess to some extent charac- teristics of reality. Fairies and fiends, in attractive and repulsive forms, and possessed of more than mortal powers, have flitted about among thc children of men in all times and in all countries. Modern science, more potent than the signet ring of King Solomon, has been dealing with them destructively. It has in many ways called upon them to give proofs of their existence. These not being forth- coming, and men's minds in these latter days being fully occupied with comprehensible malters, spiritual beings fail to attract attention : they dis- appear. Human imagination created these denizens of earth and sky, and is Joath to part with them. Among the most active intellects of modern times is that of Mr. W. T. Stead. He has published a book of " Beal Ghost ?Stories," with the view of showing that, if ghosts do not actually exist like material beings, there is a large amount of evidence as to their coming within the scope of human ken. It is strange testimony to the bent of the human mind in different individuals that in a short time-in a week, indeed-100,000 copies of the book were sold. This fact is testimony to the disposition af many minds to believe what to others now seems incredible. When we consider how long the belief in the existence of ghosts has obtained among men we need not feel astonished at the amount of what may be regarded as hereditary credulity still to be found in our midst. The stories told by Mr. Stead go seem- ingly so far towards proving the exist- ence of ghosts that he is involuntarily, perhaps, compelled to give grounds for their existence, acceptable to modern scepticism and unbelief. He does so by expressing a belief in two personali- ties associated with the individual one conscious and the other sub- conscious. When sn imaginative philo- sopher like the author of ghost stories begins to rave on a matter of this kind, attempts to follow him may be excused. One hud-headed, and perhaps hard- hearted, critic "Bays the book goes to show that "there is simply no " lie which a man or woman will " not tell in order to establish a ghost, " and no lie which somebody will " not believe," To most of our readers it will no doubt appear strange that the subject and all the excitement and controversy .created by this book of ghost stories «ire quite outside the range of colonial intellects. We have heard of only ono .ghost being seen in Australia, and this must appear curious when we consider ¡ the room there is for more. Are we to suppose that of all the people murdered in Australia at various times only the sub-conscious representative of one in- dividual was impelled to revisit his former haunts, and sit on a fence to -surprise and terrify his neighbours? Perhaps Australian ghosts take dif- ferent views of their responsibilities towards the living. Those made familiar by old country tradition and romance have usually had a story to tell, or a hint to give, and found difficulty in getting rid of their revela- tion ; they seem to have been possessed of a conscience which tickled them into loquacity. Australian, sub-conscious identities do not appear to be under the influence of such motive power. We fancy there have been many foul -deeds done in our southern lands on which it would be the province of ghosts to throw needed light. We can fancy, however, that the conscience in a sub-conscious entity may be as weak as ' the shadowy'habitat. They speak in the United Kingdom of the " insatiable curiosity " which is associated witii visions of ghosts and things incomprehensible. Is it to be concluded, we wonder, that this " in- satiable curiosity " does not exist among Australians 1 We cannot think it will be any great loss so far as greater knowledge of ghosts is concerned. We have been a long while without them, and their absence has never been missed. It will be too late for them to put in an appearance now. The in- satiable curiosity of Australians can do without them. 