Natural Hnpernaxuralism Some time ago a little girl, walking with her father, asked the question, " What it the meaning of it all?"—day and night, the stars, trees, men and women, bones, caws, and dogs, and all tlie rot. TbeCatbsr thoughtless and frivolous it msy seem a trivial or senseless one. but vrben theinoer or real meanitu; is graspeci it will be found that from it has sprung the dawn of all true religion, and prompted Tennyson's thought— " I doubt not through the ages ope unseating parpuae runs. And tbe thoughts of men are broadened by tbe proceas of the sons." Apropos of this, a few issues bade, in a letter tbat appeared, a quotation was made from the last part of Cariyle's chapter on Natural Superastoralism in Sartor Besartus. As tins is one of the most beautiful pieces of writing in tbe English language, will you please find room in your valuable paper for (be clauses in full. ** Again could anything be more miraculous than aa actual authentic ghost The English Johcsotr longed all his life to see one, but could not, though he went to Code Lane and thence to the chorch vaults and tapped on coffins. Foplish Doctor! Did be never, with the mind's eye ss well ss with" tbe body's, look round him into that full tide of human life be so loved ; did be never so much aa look into himself ? The good Doctor was a ghost aa actual and authentic as heart could wish. Well nigh a million of gbosts were travelling the streets by bis side. Onoe more I ssy sweep away tbe illusion of time ; compress tbe three score years into three minutes. AVliat eke was he? what else are we? Are wc not spirit*, shaped into a body, jnto an appearance, and that fade away again into air and invisibilty ? This is not metaphor, it is simple scientific fact. We start out of nothingness, take figure, and are apparitions ; round ns, as round the veriest spectre, is Eternity ; and to Eternity minutes are ax years and reiins. Come there not tones of love and faith aa frou Celestial barp strings, like the song of beatified souls? And again, do we not sqnesk and gibber (in our discordant ocrecch owlish debstings and recriminating*) and fdide bodeful, and feeble, and reamipxalrao"'''"'" -«»to-oor-aau home, and dreamy'nigb t becomes a wake and d*y? Where now is Alexander of Macedon ? Does the steel boat that jelled in fierce battle shouts at fssm snd Arbela remain behind him, or hare they all vanished utterly, even as pertuibed goblios must ? Napoleon, too, and his Moscow retreats and Au»terUiz campaigns. Was it all other than the veriest spectre hunt, which has now. with its bowling tumult tbat made night hideous, flitted away f Ghosts! There are nigh a thousand million walking the earth openly at noontide; some half bnndrad bsve vanished from it, sojae half hundred have risen in it ere thy watch licks once. Oh. Heaven, it'is mysterious, it i« swfol to consider that we not only carry- each a future ghost within him, but are 'in very deed ghosts. These limbs, whence bad we tliem, this stormy force, this life blood with its burning paasiou ? They are dust and shadow ; a abadowsvfctem gathered round our lis, wherein through eoine moments or years the Divine Essence is to be revealed in the Flesb. Tbat warrior on bi* etrong wf«-^ionae, fire flashes through bis .ayes, force -dwells in bis arm and beart. But warrior and warhorse ' are a vision; a revealed "force, nothing more. Stately thpy jtread the earth, ss if it were a .firm substance. Fool 1 The esrlh is but a film, it cracks in twain, and warrior and war horse rink beyond plummet's sounding., Plummets? Fantasy herself will not follow them.; A little while ago tbey were not; a little whilesnd they, ate not; their very ashes are not. So has it been from the beginning, so will it be to tbe end. Generation after generation t^kea to itself the form of a body, and forth tssuiug from Cimmerian Night on Heaven'* mission IMUB. What force and fire is iaeech he expends. One grinding in the rid pf industry; one, hunter4ik^|i£iiibKg'tbp giddy alpine heights ofsaenc^joiwmadlydaahed in pieces on Xhe rocks o£*trtle ui war with his fellow j iad then tfce &ecven; «ent is recalled,-to. eard% vo^nre JStlltiSwiy, and soon, ^ ^ M ^ S f q m w ^ n i m u and flame, in long drawn quidt-snoceeding grandeur. ' thiraiiKh tbe nnkngwn deep, limt, like * God created fire-breathing spirit-boot, we emerge from die inane, baste storm fully across tbe astonished esxtb, then plunge again into the inane, fiartbli imoontains aretevdjed and bwi^osw np in our passage, flan Itbaietrth, whuh 4a bat desd and a riaoo, noat apirits, wbicb have reality and are^ribe? On tbe hardest adamant aome footprint. of A nt it atamped in. TliS last.rear of tbe feost will read tracea of the jearik4'van- Bot &arena..;«iflwi* Inovi -not, faith bows not { only dut from it God is to through Ood." mystery to mystery, ( VPeare aaili mtaff As drasms isre mlea(,aad ear IfUie HBe Jsreunded with a sleep.** 