A OHIIBCH COUNCIL. A council not to be called ecumenical met at Bishopscourt this week, having been Sum moned by his Grace .the Archlblshop to devise ' means for dealing with what may, perhaps,. be termed, increased activity at diabolic cen tres. The Old Enemy is showing too bold-'ci. front in Sydney, and the manifestations of; his success do not conduce to the quietude and content which should' characterise the' Anglican Church. Plainly, there is too much dicelng and dram-ilrinking" in -the city, ah inordinate excess of frippery, and frivolity, and a general advance of the. "Continental Sabbath," which Is not to be endured. The Archbishop deemed it expedient, therefore, to call his forces together for a council of war. And, if Dr. Watts Is to be credited as to the attitude of the enemy, when brought to: view of a nrnyerful weakling saint, .his knees .must, have been loosened almost" as in pangs' of dissolution by the knowledge of the mus tered army, at. Bishopscourt. , They weie- not ' to. be trifled with, .those champions, of the faith: they were eloquent and -sincere, and admitted the presence,of .the enemy in their country without the least reserve. But when the business reached the stage of: proposals for actual .:war, . critics ,of ,','the. secular cult may hav.e felt a drop and a'chill, which' would not have been had the. prospect showed for success.. The chief difficulty which such a critic ex periences, is In discovering proposals of mea sures adequate in any way to cope with the inroads which are admitted; To the secular mind these inroads were painfully clear, even before they were admitted by the church. There Is a tendency amohgst our youth to dissipation, as amongst those of more mature .years, to indifference in spiritual matters, and the one tendency as the other, we 'are taught to believe, makes, that opportunity which the enemy, does not neglect. But how Is it that youth grown and manhood matured in the fold of Anglicanism have, so loosened themselves from the bonds which restrain, and the commands whose import should be come more serious and insistent with every passing year? It would have augured well for the crusade to be attempted if the leaders assembled had made some effort to get down to the foundations whereon -the answer to this question 'rests. Successful nssallmcnt from without, or invasion rather, unperceived till accomplished, may generally be attributed to laxity' within, and little, hope indeed la there of any successful resistance or expul sion tilt the causeB of that laxity are dis covered and dealt with in heroic fashion. If the enemy is within the gates, and, though not openly dominant, manifestly amongst us. the time for mild and tentative means Is cer tainly past. , Looking then with the secular eye, and with apologieB for the audacity of such a look, over the field of the past, It is not difficult to dis cover causes for what we' are justified; in- terming -the non-success pf the gflcan, com mand. If it is admitted, - and the spoken words and'.adopted resolutions of the council are very, clear and conclusive there, that pulpits lack Influence, that various parochial organisations have but an' attenuated power of- control, that the .discipline of youth does not .evince authority; on the part, of spiritual pastors, and that the whole system has be come unattractive as ineffective, there seems to be occasion made for reform .which might be termed drastic. , Arid ' to the secular eye again the opportunities, oven as the ne cessities, appear, with much clearness. Let the pulpit be first considered. It Is admit tedly relied on as a chief magnet and. radiat ing centre of the Anglican system. But -its powers of attraction and radiation are alike in decadence; and why? Shall we find a causq in the fact that in the Anglican sys- , tern of training, tfti .adequate preparation for pulpltwork has no place; that the theological student has no course of rhetoric, no advan tages whatever of study, in any of those arts whlch enaiole or aid'convlnclrig speech? This fact was brought home so forcibly to Bishop Moorhouse in' Alelbourne .tho,t he /.engaged, on his. own responsibility, a veteran actor tq teach his clergy- trie art of reading the scrip tures aright, and of delivering sermons with effect. Measures of that sort are not to be looked for here, but unless It Is..- held, and present conditions prove, the position unten able, that with the laying on of hands the person .ordained does become full of the Holy Ghost and power, the question '.cer.ta.lhly oc curs, to, the, secular mind, why neglect those means which appear? - And,, further, if the 'Church has become, except on service days; of no more, active use than, -the stones of which it is built, and if parochial organisation may be said in a modified degree to be even as the Church, are there not precedents in the.'wny. of reform which might be followed ? The Oxford movement of half a century ago, however fiercely criticised, and sometimes slandered, was effective in breaking through a condition more sluggish . and hopeless, per haps, than that which now exists' in Sydney, and it is not to be said of that movement it exhausted all the forces pent In -the .depths of .the Church, which should be always militant. ' . The secular mind, concerning itself mainly with the things of. the time, is not to be construed as contemptuous -of, or antagonis tic to the Church. Anglicanism as developed and established in Australia contains within itself germs of all that is best in liberalism arid conservatism. It has power to loose arid power to bind in many ways, where either en largement of liberty or restraint is salutary arid necessary. It has inherited many noble ;. traditions, it, is equipped with weapons and tools -in whose forging, arid tempering ,Bome of the noblest minds of all time baye laboured; It has the authority which comes from well-won, long-held respect, and its influence for good should be far reaching as Indisputable. \ The day of lamentation at Bishopscourt was not brought about by any lack of power or scope, arid it is encouraging to find that there was no moah made that day of lack of opportunity of any sort. But this sense of encouragement stops short when we- look for those proposals of practical re form by which the general confession should have been followed. If the pulpits are dull should, riot some means be Instantly devised to endow them with lightness and brightness? If parochial organisation is Inefficient, and if the various means of grace are neglected, should not a vigorous search he made after a cause, and that being discovered ought not the stout heart to prompt the ready hand to attempt a cure? Mourning over the preva lence of common vices, .the decay- of rever ence and respect, and the unmistakeable in- crerise of all that the term Continental Sab bath implies, will no more excuse officers of the Church than would fume and fury serve to; exonerate an actual army commandant -if It- should be suddenly discovered that the enemy was rit.the gate, the arsenal and Trea sury empty, and the troops demoralised.,; If things are bad and ominously bodeful us the clergy in council paint them, it is time that now order and methods were established amongst the clergy; in action, but unhappily for Anglicanism just now the head of enter prise and the heart of self-sacrifice do.' riot appear conspicuous, not at least to the secu lar observer. '; V ' . 