MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. There are as many 4 damns' in £ M an to M an ' as there are plums in a Christmas pudding. Miss Bertie Bergin, the dancer Cydonia, in 4 The Sign of the Cross,' is a cousin to Patrick McManus Glynn, B.A., LL.B., M.P., the forceful South Australian oppositionist. — Clare's Weekly. Manager Frohmann, of America, says that musical comedy is dead, and that there is going to be a tremendous revival of comic ope a Tommy Hudson came to Adelaide with the United States Minstrels nearly a quarter of a century ago. Hudson and Holly were the corner men, and excellent they were t o. Braham was the tenor of the company, and Amery the baritone Beaumont Reed used to warble in his pretty alto 4 Please give me a penny.' Hudson and Beaumont Beed are probably the only survivors of that organisation. Tommy Drew promises to play in 4 The Sign of the (La)cross(e)' in Melbourne next year. Melbourne people appear to be getting just a little bit tired of Julius Knight, and in 4 Under the Red Robe ' they have discovered that he is prone to sermonise. How could it be other wise with a man who has played the part of Marcus Superbus so often ? Marcus preaches so much in the last act of 4 The Sign of the Cross' that Julius has caught the habit. Mrs. Grundy, the popular wardrobe mistress for Williamson Sz Musgrove, returned to Australia by the Oruba early in the week. Madame Phillipini, who succeeded Mrs. Teddy Roj^ce as ballet mistress for 4 the firm,' is now in England. Dear Quiz—Can t you suggest to George Rignold that he should produce 4Alone' during his present season at the Royal ? I have the liveliest recollections of seeing Georgius Rex as the b ind man some twenty years ago, and I then considered it one of the finest pieces of acting within my by no means limited ex perience.—Yours, First Nighter. Quiz is a lover of music, and this is what he gets in an adjoining building. On Sunday mornings (of course he ought not to work on Sundays, but he does) a religious service of some sort or another is conducted in the structure alluded to. Hymns are sung with much vigor by about a dozen male and female communicants. On weeks days singing lessons are given at all hours, and on one evening in the week an opera ic society is in full blast. Very frequently at a distance of 30 yards from the editorial sanctum a band of Italian musicians churn out popular tunes, and once a week a melancholy man with a melancholy accordeon calls all the cats in the neighborhood to a concert. Oh yes, Quiz is a lover of music. The story that Ada Crossley had lost her voice appears to be all moonshine. The fact that she at a moment's notice took Clare Butt's place at the Leeds Festival, and received high praise from London Times, is sufficient to dis prove the statement that the flute voiced Ada has deteriorated. Some enemy must have spread the rumor. Yvette Guilbert, who sings suggestive French songs, is to get £12,000 for 100 performances in Russia, Austria, Germany, and Rou mania, besides 45 per cent, of the net receipts. What is the use of talking about high art ? A correspondent writing to a Perth paper remarks :—4 Managerial experience in the West isn't the game it is cracked up to be. Would you credit that the owner of one Perth theatre netted the nice lump of .£93 over a one-week season of musical comedy, while the unfortunate " lessee and general manager" lost £25 through walking the ghost.' This must refer to the Gourlay's production of 4 My Sweetheart.' Frank Lawton, the whistler had an amusing experience when he was travelling in Australia. During his stay in a country district he went out for a long walk. Not noticing his bearings, he got lost, and wandered about for hours. At last, tired and hungry, he made his way to a farm house hoping to partake of the pro verbial Australian hospitality. But the owner had an objection to tramps, as he considered Lawton, and in response to his request for something to eat, sharply told him to 4 whistle for it.' To his amazement, the 4 tramp' burst into the most musi al whistling he had ever heard in his life. 4 Come in, come,' said the farmer, 'you can have anything L have, but don't stop whistling.' T. V. Twinning, who was in Ade laide as manager for Kjude Bellew and Mrs. Brown Potter eight years ago is still wandering in the East, and sends Quiz the following clipping from the Shanghai M ercu ry :—4 lYI r. Twinning in arranging for his 44 at home" at the Municipal Hall, on Wednesday evening, has had an amusing ex perience of how very stupid a China 44 boy' can be on occasions. He directed his 44 boy " to provide seventy chairs and five 44 boys ' for the 44 at home." This staggered the 44 boy" who spent best part of the day on the undertaking When remonstrated with for his lengthy absence he said he could not help it; seventy boys was a large order anyhow. No man could raise up such an army, even in China, much under four hours. But the five chairs were all right, there had been no difficulty over them. Mr. Twinning and his boy are at present discussing what is to be done with the remaining sixty-five boys, who all mean business and are wanting to be paid.' Mons. Napoleon Bofiard has settled in Melbourne as a teacher of sinsrinsr © © 