MYSTERIOUS MR. SABIN. By E. PHILLIPS OPPEXHEIM, Author of 'Till the Day of Judgment,' 'Tho Mystery of Mr. Bernard Brown,' 'A Monk of Cruta,' &c.; [Publiahed by special arrangement with the author. AD rights reserved.] Chaptek XX.— {Continued.) Wolfenden, glancing towards Mr. Sabin as he finished his story, was surprised at the tatter's Imperfectly concealed interest.- His lips were indrawn, his face seemed instinct with a certain passionate but finely-controlled emotion. Only the slight hiss of his breath and the crleam of his black eyes betrayed him. 'What happened?' he asked. 'Did you secure the fellow V Wi-kl fonrian nio t7CXH O Inn it ri\ nair orinf nnri ii uj.j.wm-u.^*** r**'J w u iuuq viv^n uuvv --i *i i waitel whilst be watched tho run of bis ball, then Ro turned towards his companion and shook his head. ' No. He was a great deal too clever for that. He sent me out to meet Whitlett, and when we had got back he had shown us a clean pair of heels. He got' away through the window.' 'Did he take any papers away wi{;h him I' Mr. Sabin asked. 'He may have taken a loose sheet or two,' Wolfenden said. 'Nothing of any conse quence, I think. He had no time. I don't think that could have been his object) altogether, -or. he would- scarcely have sug gested my remaining with him in the study.,. Mr. Sabin drew a quick little breath. He played an iron shot and played it very badly 'Itwasa most extraordinary occurrence,' lie remarked. 'What was the man' like t.. -Did he seem like an ordinary thief ?' _ . Wolfenden shook his fce*d decidedly. . ? - 'Not in the leaBl*'fce declared.. 'rHeJraa well dressed .and his maphei* were excellent. He had.aUtJie.&PPearftncpoI.aJna0; '°fjpon tion. He flompJetely imposed upon both my mother ana myself,- -???.:.,? .. , e 'Kowtong.WM^youan^he study. before 3-r. Whifctetfc «my wi f ' Mr. Sabia asked. .?-»jfjiWy:*i»ii»uM»t8B. .. i' It was odd, but Mr. Sabin seemed positively- : tS^Mr.Bl»^wickrheaBked. 'Wh^a - $m\&&'&^bbT'--- ?'-'?-??? -' ?' - '\ ?'?' '??-??? ???'?'?? '- : ' '?? ? ?yyWfaVT%&m;^,*eke& in surprise ;^-- Mr. Sabin repeated coolly. 'I understood you to say that bis name was Blatherwiok. ' I dont remember mentioning hiB name at all,' Wolfenden said, vaguely disturbed. Mr. Sabin addressed the ball with care and played it deliberately on to the green, then he returned to the subject. 'I think that you must have done, he re marked suavely, 'or I should soaroely have known it. Was he in the room ?' ' All the time,' Wolfeudeu answered. Mr. Sabin drew another little breath. ' He was there when the fellow bolted ?? Wolfenden nodded. *' Why did he not try to stop him r Wolfenden smiled. ' 'Physically,' he remarked, 'it would nave been an impossibility. Blatherwick is a small tnan and an exceedingly nervous one. He is an honest little fellow, but I am afraid he would not have shone in an encounter of that sort.' ' .''.,. Mr. Sabin was on the point of asking another question, but Wolfenden interrupted him. He scarcely knew why, but he wanted to get away from the subject. He was sorry that he had ever broached it. 'Come,' he said, 'we are talking too much Let us play golf. I am sure I put you off that last stroke.' Mr. Sabin tooK the hint and was silent. They were on the eleventh green and border ing it on the far side was an open road— the sea road, which followed the coast for a mile or two and then turned inland to Deringham. Wolfenden, preparing to putt, heard wheels close at hand and as the stroke was a critical one for him he stood back from his ball till the vehicle had passed. Glancing carelessly up he saw his own blue liveries and his mother lean ing baok in a barouche. With a word of apology to his opponent he started forward to meet her. The coachman, who bad recognised him, pulled up his horses in tho middle of the road. Wolfenden walked swiftly over to the carriage side. His mother's appearance had alarmed him. She was looking at him and yet past him. Her cheeks were pale, her eyes- were set and distended. One of her hands seemed to be convulsively clutching the side of the carriage nearest to her. She had all the ap pearance of a woman who Bees a nightmare. Wolfenden looked over his shoulder quickly. He could see nothing more alarming in the background than the figure of hia opponent, who, with his back partly turned to them, was gazing out to sea. He stood at the edge of the green on Blightly rising ground ana his figure was outlined with almost curious dis tinctness against the background of air and 'Has anything fresh happened, mother?' Wolfonden asked, with concern. ' I am afraid you are upset. Were you looking for irio?' She shook her head. It 6truck him that she was endeavoring to assume a composure which she assuredly did not possess. 'No, there is nothing fresh ! Naturally, I am not well ! I am hoping that the drive will do me good. Are you enjoying your golf?' ' Very much,' Wolfenden answered. 'The course has really been capitally kepi. sVo aro having a close match.' 'Who is your opponent?' Woltenden glanced behind carelessly. Mr. Sabin had thrown several balls upon the green and was practising long putt9. 'Fellow named Sabin,' he answered; 'no one you would be likoly to be interested in ! He comes down from London to play and he plays a remarkably fine game. Rather a saturnine-looking; personage, isn't he ?' ' He is a moat unpleasant-looking man,' Lady Deriughaui faltered, wbite now to the lips. 'Where did you meet him? Here or in London ?' 'In London,' Wolfenden explained. 'Rather a curious meeting it was, too. A fellow attacked him coming out of a, restaurant one night and I interfered — just in time. He baa taken a little house down here,' ' Is he aione'f ' Lady Deringham asked. 'He has a niece living with him,' Wolfen den answered. 'She is a very charmiug girl ; I think that you would like her.' The last words he added with something of an effort and an indifference which was palpably assumed. Lady Deringham, how ever, did not appear to notice them at all. ' Have no more to do with him than you can help, Wolfenden,' she said, leaning a little over towards him and speaking in a half-fearful whisper. ' I think his face is awful.' j Wolfendeu laughed. ' ' I am not likely to see a great deal of him,' he declared. 'In fact, I can't say that he seems very cordially disposed towards me, con- | sidering that I saved him from rather a nasty accident. By-the-bye, he said some thing about having met the admiral at Alexandria. You have never come across him, I suppose V The sun was warm and the wind had dropped, or Wolfenden could almost have declared that his mother's teeth were chat tering. Her eyes were fixed again in a rigid stare, which passed him by and travelled beyond. He looked over his shoulder. Mr. Sabin, apparently tired of practising, was standing directly facing them, leaning upon his putter. He was looking steadfastly at Lady Deiingham, not in the least rudely, but with a faint show of curiosity, and a smile, which in no way improved his appear ance, slightly parting his lips. Meeting his gaze, Wolfenden looked away with an odd feeling of uneasiness. 'You are right,' he said. ' His face is really a handsome one in a way, but he certainly is nqt prepossessing-looking.' Lady Deringham had recovered herself. She leaned back amongst the cushions. ' Didn't you ask me,' sho said, 'whether I had ever met the man ? I cannot remember— certainly I was at Alexandria with your father, so perhaps I did. You will be home to dinner ?' He nodded. 'Of course. How is the admiral to-day ?'' ' Remarkably well. He asked for you just before I came out.' ' I shall see him at dinner,' Wolfenden said. ' Perhaps he will let me smoke a cigar with him afterwards.' He stood away from the carriage and lifted his cap with a smile. The coachman toucher7 ' his horsen and the barouche rolled on. Wolfed, den walked slowly back to his companion. 'Yon will excuse my leaving you,' he said. 'I was afraid that my mother might hare been looking for ma' 'By all means,' Mr. Sabin answered. 'I hope that you did not hurry on my account. I am trying,' he said, ' to recollect if I ever met Ladv peringham. At my time of life one's reminiscences become bo chaotic.' He looked keenly at Wolfenden, who answered after a moment's hesitation. ' Lady Deringham was at Alexandria with my father, so it is just possible,' he said. Chapteb XXL Wolfendea lost his match upon the last hole, nevertheless it was a finely-contested game, and when Mr. Sabin proposed a round on the following -day he accepted without hesitation. He did not like Mr. Sabin any the better— in fact, he was beginning to acquire a deliberate distrust of him. Something of that fear with 1 which other people regarded bim bad already communicated itself to Wolfenden. Without having tne shadow of a definite suspicion with regara to tho tnan or his character he was in clined; to Wfitrat that interest in the state of affair8*mt;l-entigham Hall which Mr, Sabin bad unflOAlbfcdly manifested. At the same time tB&lpita;/'^te Helene's euardiaa. and bo long as he occupied that position Wolfenden was not inclined to give up Lib acquaintance. They parted in the pavilion, Wolfenden lingering for a few moments, half hoping that he might reoeive some sort of invitation to call at Mr. Sabin' s temporary abode. Perhaps under the circumstances it was scarcely possible that any such invitation could be given, although had it been Wolfenden would cer tainly have accepted it, for he had no idea of at once relinquishing all hope as regards Helene. He was naturally sanguine and he was very much in love. There was something mysterious about that other engagement of which he had been told. He had an idea that, but for Mr. Sabin's unexpected appearance, Helene would have offered him a larger share of her confidence. He was content to wait for it. Wolfenden had ridden over from home and left his horse in the hotel stables. As be passed the hall a familiar figure standing in the open doorway hailed him. He glanced quickly up and Btopped short. It was Harcutt who was standing there in a Norfolk tweed suit and thick boots. 'Of all men in the world !' he exclaimed in blank surprise, ' what in the name of all tbat'B wonderful are you doing here ?' Harcutt answered with a certain dogged ness, almost as though he resented Wolfenden's astonishment. 'I don't why you should look at me as though I were a ghost,' he said. ' If it comes to that I might ask you the same question ! What are you doing here?1 'Oh, I'm at home,' Wolfenden answered promptly. 'I'm down to visit my people; it's only a mile or two from hero to Dering ham Hall.' Harcutt dropped his eyeglasses and laughed shortly. ' You are wonderfully filial all of a sudden,' he remarked. ' Of course you had no other reason for coming I' 'None at alL' Wolfenden answered firmly. ' I came because 1 was sent for. It was a complete surprise to me to meet Mr. Sabin here — at least it would have been if I had not travelled down with his niece. Their coming was simply a stroke of luck for me. ' Harcutt assumed a more amiable expression. 'I am glad to hear it,' he said ; ' I thought that you were stealing a march on me, and there really was not any necessity, for our in terests do not clash in the least. It was different between you and poor old Densham, but he's given it up of his own accord, and he sailed for India yesterday. ' ' Poor old chap !' Wolfenden said softly ; 'he would not tell you, I suppose, even at the last, what it was that he had heard about those people.' 'He would not tell me,' Harcutt answered, 'but he Bent a message to you. Ho wished me to remind you that you had been friends for 15 years and hewas not likely to deceive you. He was leaving the country, he said, because he had certain and definite information concerning the girl which made it absolutely hopeless for either you or him to think of her. His advice to you was to do the same !' I ' I doubt not Donsham,' Wolfendon said slowly, 'but I doubt his information. It came from a woman who has been Dentsharu's friend. Then, again, what may seem an insur mountable obstacle to him may not be so to me. | Nothing vague in tho shape of warnings will deter me.' ' WelL'Harcuttsnid, 'Ihave givenyouDen sham's message and my responsibility concern ing it is ended. As you know, my own interests lie in a different direction. Now I want a few j minutes' conversation with you. The hotel ] rooms are a little too public. Are you in a | hurry, or can you walk up and down the drive with wo once or twice ?' 'I can spare half an hour very well,' Wol fenden said; 'but I should prefer to do no i more walking just yet. Como and tit down here ; it isn't cold.' | They chose a seat looking over the sea. Har- j cutt glanced carefully all around. There was no possibility of their being overheard, nor indeed was their anyone in sight. ' I am developing fresh instincts,' Harcutt said as he crossed his legs and lit a cigarette. ' ' I am here, I should like you to understand, | purely in a professional capacity, and I want your help.' ' But, my dear fellow,' Wolfenden said, 'I don't understand. If, when you say profes sionally, j'ou mean as a journalist, why, what on earth in this place can there be worth the chronicling? There is scarcely a single person known to society in the neighborhood.' 'Mr. Sabin is here,' Harcutt remarked quietly. Wolfenden looked at him in surprise. ' That might have accounted for your presence here as a private individual,' ho said; 'but, professionally, how on earth can he interest you ?' 'He interests me professionally — very much indeed,' Harcutt answered. Wolfenden was getting puzzled. 'Mr. Sabin interests you professionally?' he repeatedly slowly. 'Then you have learnt something. Mr. Sabin has an identity other than his own !' 'I suspect him to be,' Harcutt said slowly, 'a most important and interesting personage. I have learnt a little concerning him ; I am here to learn more ; I am convinced that it is worth while.' 'Have you learnt anything?' Wolfenden asked, 'concerning his niece?' 'Absolutely nothing,' Harcutt answered decidedly. ' ' I may as well repeat that my interest is in the man alone. I am not a senti mental person at all. His niece is, perhaps, the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life ; but it is with no thought of her that I have taken up this investigation. Having assured you of that, I want to know if you will help me ?' 'You must speak a little more plainly,' Wolfenden said ; ' you are altogether too vague. What help do you want and for what purpose ?' 'Mr. Sabin,' Harcutt said, 'is engaged in great political schemes. He is in constant and anxious communication with the ambassadors of two great Powers. He affects secrecy in all his movements, and the name by which he is known is, without doubt, an assumed one. This much I have learned for certain. My own ideas are too vague yet for me to formu late. I cannot say any more, except that I believe him to be deep in some design which is certainly not for the welfare of this country. It is ray assurance of this which justifies me in exercising a certain espionage upon his move ments — which justifies me also, Wolfenden, in asking for your assistance.' 'My position,' Wolfenden remarked, ' becomes a little difficult. Whoever this man Sabin may be, nothing would induce me to be lieve ill of his niece. I could take no part in any thing likely to do her barm. You will under standthis better, Harcutt, when I tell you that a few hours ago I asked her to be my wife.' ' You asked her — what ?' 'To be my wife.' ' And^ie?' ' Refused me !' Harcutt looked at him for a moment in blank amazement. ' Who refused you— Mr. Sabin or his niece ?' 'Both!' 'Did she— did Mr. Sabin know your po sition ; did he understand that you are the future Earl of Derintrham f - ' Without a doubt,' Wolfendon answered drily; 'in fact Mr. Sabin seems to be pretty well up in my genealogy. He had met my father onoe, he told me.' ' ?* Harcutt, with the natural selfishness of a man encaged upon bis favorite pursuit, quile forgot to sympathise with his friend. He thought only of the bearing of this strange happening upon his quest. 'This,' he remarked, 'disposes once and for all of the suggestion that these people are ordinary adventurers.' 'I£ anyone,' Wolfenden said, 'was ever idiotic enough to entertain the possibility of suoh a thing ; I may add that from the first I have had almost to thrust my acquaintance upon them, especially as far as Mr. Sabin is concerned. He has never asked me to call upon them here or in London : and this morn ing when he found me with his niece he was quietly but furiously angry.' 'It is never worth while,' Harcutt said, ' to reject a possibility until you have tested and proved it. What you Bay, however, settles this one. They are not adventurers in any sense of the word. Now will you answer me a few questions? It may be just as much to your advantage as to mine to go into this matter.' Wolfenden nodded. 'You can ask the questions, at any rate,' he said ; 'I will answer them if I can.' 'The young lady — did she refuse you from personal reasons ? A man can always tell, you know. Hadn't you the impression from her answer that it was more the force of cir cumstances than any' other objection to you which prompted her negative? I've put it bluntly, but you know what I mean.' Wolfenden did not answer for nearly a minute. He was gazing steadily seaward, re calling with a Bwift effort of his imagination every word which bad passed between them ; he could even hear her voice and see her face, with the soft, dark eyes so close to his. It was a luxury of recollection. ' I will admit,' he said quietly, 'that what you suggest has already occurred to me. If it had not I should be much more unhappy than I am at this moment. To tell you the honest truth I was not content with her answer, or rather the manner of it. I should have had some hope of inducing her to at any rate modify it but for Mr. Sabin's unexpected appearance. About him, at least, there was no hesitation ; he said no, and he meant it.' 'That is what I imagined might be the case,' Harcutt said thoughtfully. 'I doa't want to have you think that I imagine any dis respect to the young lady, but don't you see that either she and Mr. Sabin must stand towards one another in an equivooal position, or else they must be in altogether a different position to their assumed one, when they dis miss the subject of an alliance with you so peremptorily.' Wolfenden flushed up to the temples and his eyes lit with fire. 'You may dismiss all idea of the former possi bility,' he said with ominous quietness. 'If you wish me to discuss this matter with you further you will be particularly careful to avoid the faintest allusion to it.' 'I have never seriously entertained it,' Harcutt assented cheerfully. 'I, too, believe in the girL She looks at once too proud and too innocent for any association with such thoughts with her. She has the bearing and the manners of a queen. Granted, then, that we dismiss the first possibility.' ' Absolutely and for ever,' Wolfenden said firmly. 'I may add that Mr. Sabin met me with a distinct reason for Hi* refusal. He informed mehis niece was already betrothed.' 'That may or may not be true,' Harcutt said. 'It does not affect the question which we are considering at present. We must come to the conclusion that these are people of con siderable importance. That is what I honestly believe. Now, what do you suppose brings Mr. Sabin to such an out of the way hole as this ?' 'The golf very likely,' Wolfenden* said. ' He is a magnificent pla3-er.' Harcutt frowned. 'If I thought so,' he said, 'I should con sider rny journey a wasted one. But I can't. He is in the midst of delicate and important negotiations, 1 know as much as that. He would not come down here at such a time to play golf. It is an absurd idea.' '1 really don't see how else you can ex plain it,' Y/olfenden remarked. 'The greatest men have had their hobbies, you know. I need not remind you of Nero's fiddle or Drake's bowls.' 'Quito unnecessary,' Harcutt declared briskly. 'Frankly, I don't believe in Mr. Sabin's golf. There is somebody or something down here connected with his schemes ; the golf is a subterfuge. He plays it well because he does everything well.' 'It will tax your ingenuity,' Wolfenden said, ' to connect his visit here with anything in the shape of political schemes.' 'My ingenuity accepts the task at any rate,' Harcutt said. ' I am going to find out all about it and you must help me. It will be for both our interests.' 'I am afraid,' Wolfenden answered, 'that you are on a wild goose chase. Still I am quite willing to help you if I can.' 'Well, to begin then,' Harcutt said, 'you have been with him some time to-day. Did he ask you any questions about the locality ? Did he show any curiosity in any of the resi dents?' Wolfenden shook his head. 'Absolutely none,' he answered. 'The only conversation we had in which he showed any interest at all was concerning my own people. By-the-bye, that reminds me, I told him of an incident which occurred at Dering ham Hall last night and he was certainly in terested and curious. I chanced to look at him at an unexpected moment and his appearance astonished me. I have never seen him look so keen about anything before.' ' Will you tell me tho incident at once, please,' Harcutt begged eagerly, 'it may con tain the very clue for whioh I am hunting. Anything which interests Mr. Sabin interests me.' 'There is no secrecy about the matter,' Wolfenden said. ' I will tell you all about it. You may, perhaps, have heard that my father has been in very poor health ever since the great Solent disaster. It unfortunately affected his brain to a certain extent and he has been the victim of delusions ever since. The most serious of these is that he has been commissioned by the Government to prepare upon a gigantic scale a plan and description of our coast defences and navy. He has a secretary and typist and works ten hours a day ; but from their report and my own obser vations I am afraid the only result is an abso lutely unintelligible chaos. Still, of course, we have to take him seriously and be thankful that it was no worse. Now the incident which I told Mr. Sabin was this— Last night a man called and introduced himself as Dr. Wilmot, the great mind specialist. He represented that he had been staying in the neighborhood and was on friendly terms with the local medico here, Dr. Whitlett. My father's case had been mentioned between them and he had become much interested in it _ He had a theory of his own for the investigation of such cases, which consisted, briefly, of a careful scrutiny of any work done by the patient. He brought a letter from Dr. Wbitlett and said that it' he would procure him a sight of my father's most recent manuscripts .he would give us an opinion on the case. We never had the slightest suspicion as to the truth of his state ments and I took him with me to the admiral's study. However, while we were there and he was rattling through the manuscripts up oomes Dr. Whitlett, the local man, in hot haste. The letter was a forgery and the man an impostor. He escaped through the window and got clean away. That is tbe story, just as I told it to Mr. Sabin. What do you make of it P. Harcutt stood up and laid his band upon the other's shoulder, 'Weil, I've got my clue, that's all,' he de clared ; ' the thing's as plain as sunlight.' Wolfenden rose also to his feet. 'I must bea fool,' he said ; 'for I certainly can't see it.' Harcutt lowered hiB tone. 'Look here, Wolfenden,' he said, 'I have no doubt that you are right and that your father's work is of no value, but you may be very sure of one thing, Mr. Sabin does not think so.' ' I don't see what Mr. Sabiu has got to do with it,' Wolfenden said. Haroutt laughed. i( ' Well, I will toll you one thing,' he said, 'it is the contents of your father's study which has brought Mr. Sabiu to Deringliam.'' ? Chapter XXII. A woman stood in the midst of a salt wilder ness, gazing seaward. Around her was a long stretch of wet Band and of seaweed-stained rooks, rising from little pools of water loft by the tide ; and beyond, the flat marshy country, was broken only by that line of low cliffs from which the little tufts of grass sprouted feebly. The waves, which rolled almost to her feet, were baroly ripples, breaking with scarcely a visible effort upon the moist sand. Above the sky was grey and threatening ; only a few minutes before a cloud of white mist had drifted in from the sea and settled softly upon the land in the form of rain. The whole out look was typical of intense d&olation.; The only sound breaking the silence, almost curiously devoid of all physical and animal noises, was the soft washing of the sand at her feet, and every now and then the jingling of silver harness as the horses of her carriage, drawn up on the road above, tossed their heads and fidgeted. The carriage itself seemed grossly out of place. The coachman, with powdered bair and the dark blue Deringham livery, sat perfectly motionless, his head bent a little forward, and his eyes fixed upon his horses' ears. The footman by their Bide stood with folded arms and expression as wooden as though he were waiting upon a Bond- street favement Both were weary and both would ave liked to vary tbe monotony by a little conversation ; but only a few yards away tbe woman was standing whose curious taste had led her to visit Buch a spot. Her arms were hanging listlessly by her side, her whole expression, although her face was upturned towards the Bky, was one of intense dejection. Something about her atti tude bespoke a keen and intimate sympathy with the desolation of her surroundings. The woman was unhappy; the light in her dark eyes was inimitably sad. Her cheeks were pale and a little wan. Yet Lady Deringham was very handsome, as handsome a? a woman approaching middle age could hope to be. Her figure was Btill elim and elegant, tho streaks of grey in her raven black hair were few and far between. She might have lived hand in hand with sorrow, but it had done very little to age her. Only a few years ago, in the crowded ball-room of a palace, a prince had declared her to be the handsomest woman of her age, and the prince had the reputation of knowing; It was easy to believe it. How lousy the woman might have lingered there it is hard to say, for evidently tbe spot possessed a peculiar fascination for her and she had given herself up to a rare fit of ab straction. But some sound— was it the low wailing of that sea- gull, or the more distant cry of a hawk, motionless in mid-air and scarcely visible against the cloudy sky, which caused ber to turn her head inland ? And then she saw that the solitude was no longer unbroken. A dark object had rounded the sandy little headland and was coming steadily towards her. She looked at it with a momen tary interest, her skirt raised in her hand, already a. few steps back on her return to the -vaitin£r carriage. Was it a man? It was something human at any rate, although its progression was slow and ungraceful, but marked with a peculiar but uniform action. She stood perfectly still, a motionless figure against the background of wan cloud-shadowed soa and gathering twilight, her eyes riveted upon this strange thing, her lips sliehtly parted, her cheeks as pale as death. Gradually it came nearer and nearer. The skirt dropped from her nerveless fingers, her eyes, a moment before dull with an infinite and pitiful empti ness, were lit now with a new li^ht. She was not alone, nor was she unprotected, yet the woman was suffering from a spasm of terror one could scarcely imagine any sight revolting enough to call up that expression of acute and trembling fear which had suddenly trans formed her appearance. It was though the level sands bad yielded up their dead ; the shipwrecked mariners of generations, and they all, with white sad faces and wailing voices, were closing in around her. Yet it was hard to aocount for a terror so abject. There was certainly nothing in the figure, now close at hand, which seemed capable of inspiring it. It was a man with a club foot— nothing more nor less. In fact, it was Mr. Sabin. There was nothing about his appearance, save that ungainly movement caused by his deformity, in any way singular or threatening. He came steadily nearer and the woman who awaited him trembled. Perhaps bis expres sion was a trifle sardonic, owing chiefly to the extreme pallor of his skin and the black flannel clothes, with invisible stripe, which he had been weariug for golf. Yet when he lifted his soft felt hat from his bead and bowed with an ease and - effect palpably acquired in other countries his appearance was far from un pleasant. He stood there bare-headed in the twilight, a strangely winning smile upon his dark face and bis head courteously bent. ' The most delightful of unexpected meet ings,' he murmured; 'I am afraid tbat I have come upon you like an apparation, dear Lady Deringham. I must have startled you. Yes, I can see by your face tbat I did ; I am so «orry. Doubtless you did not know until yes terday tbat I was in England.' Lady Deringham was slowly recovering her self. She was white still, though, even to the lips and there was a strange sick pain at her heart. Yet she answered him with something of her usual deliberateness, conscious perhaps that her servants, although their heads were studiously averted, had yet witnessed with sur prise this unexpected meeting. ' You certainly startled me,' she said; 'I had imagined that this was tbe most desolate part of all unfrequented spots. It is here I come when I want to feel absolutely alone. I did not dream of meeting another fellow creature here — last of all people in the world, perhaps, you.' 'I be answered smiling gentry, 'was per haps the better prepared. A few minutes ago, from the cliffs yonder, I saw your carriage drawn up here and I saw you alight. I wanted to speak with you, so I lost no time in scrambling down on to the sands. You have changed -marvellously little. Lady Dering ham.71 'And you,' she said; 'only in name. You are the Mr. Sabin with whom my son was playing golf yesterday morning?' 'I am Mr. Sabin,' he answered. 'Your son did me a good servioe a week or two back. He is a very fine young fellow ; I congratu late you.' *J And your niece,' Lady Deringham asked ; 'who is she? My eon spoke to me of her last night.' Mr. Sabin smiled faintly, 'Ah I madamo ' he said, ''there have been eo many people lately who have been asking me that -question. Yet to you, as to them, I must return the same answer. She is my niece 1' 'YouoaUher?' 'She shares my name, at present,' ' Is she your daughter?1 He shook his bead sadly. *fIhaveneverbeentnarried,'Thesaid, with an indefinable mournfulness in hia flexible tones. ' I have bad neither wife, nor child, nor friend. It is well for me that I have not I ' She looked down at hia deformity, and, woman- like, she shivered. 'It is no better then ?' she murmured, with eyes turned sea* ward. '' It is absolutely incurable, ' he declared. She changed the subject abruptly. 'The last I heard of you,' she said, 'was that you were in China. Yoa were planning great things there. In ten years, I was. told, liurope was to be at your mercy.' 'I left Pekin five years ago,' he said. 'China is a land of cabals. She may yet.be the greatest country jn the world. I, for one, believe in her destiny, but it will be in the generations to come. I have no patience to labor for another to reap the harvest. Then, too, a craving for ju3t one draught of civilisa tion brought me westward again. Mongolian habits are interesting, but a little trying.' 'And what,' she asked, looking at him steadily, ' has brought you to Deringham, of all places upon this earth ?' He smiled and with his stick traced a quaint pattern in the sand. ' I have never told you anything that wu not the truth,' he paid. 'I will not begin now. I might have told you that I was hen by chance, for change of air, or for the golf. Neither of these thiugs would have been true. I am here because Deringham village is only a mile or two from Deringham HalL' She drew a little closer to him. The jingling of harness as her horses tossed their beads impatiently reminded her of the doss proximity of the servants. ' What do you want of me ?' she asked hoarsely. He looked at her in mild reproach, a good humored smile at the corner of hie lips ; yet after all was it good humor or some curious outward reflection of the working of hia secret thoughts ? When he spoke the reproach at any rate was manifest. ' Want of you ! You talk as though I were & blackmailer or something equally obnoxious. Is that quite fair, Constance ?' She evaded the reproach ; perhaps she was not conscious of it. It was the troth che wanted. 'You had some end in coming here,' che persisted; 'what is it? I cannot conceive anything in the world you have to Rain by coming to see me ! We have left the world and society, we live buried. Whatever fresh schemes you may be planning there is no way in which we could help you. You are richer, stronger, more powerful than we. I can think,' she added, 'of only one thing which may have brought you.' 'Aid that ?' he asked deliberately. She looked at him with a certain tremulous wistfulness in her eyes and with softening face. 'It may be,' she said, 'that as you grow older you have grown kinder; you may have thought of my preat desire, and you were always generous, Victor, you may have come tc grant it !' The slightest possible change passed over hie face ae his Christian name slipped from her lips. The firm lines about hiB mouth certainly relaxed, his dark eyes gleamed for a moment a kindlier light. Perhaps at that minute for both of them came a sudden lifting of the curtain, a lingering backward glance into the world of their youth, passionate, beautiful, seductive. There were memories there which still seemed set to music, memories which pierced even the armor of his equanimity. Her eye3 filled with tears as she looked at him. With a quick gesture 6he laid her baud upon his. 'Believe me, Victor,' she said; 'Ihave always thought of you kindly ; you have suffered terribly for my sake and your silence was magnificent. I have never forgotten it.' His face clouded over ; her impulsive words had been after all ill-chosen ; she had touched a sore point. There was something in these memories distasteful to him. They recalled the one time in his life when he had been worsted by another man. His cynicism re turned. 'I am afraid,' he said, 'that the years, which have made so little change in your ap pearance have made you a sentimentalist; I cau assure you that these old memories %eidom trouble me.' Then with a lightning-like intuition, almost akin to inspiration, be saw that he had made a mistake. His best hold upon the woman had been through that mixture of sentiment and pity ?which something in their conver sation had reawakened in her. He waa de stroying it ruthlessly and of his own accord. What folly ! 'Bab! I am lying,' he said softly ; 'why should I? Between you and me, Constance, there should be nothing but truth. We, at least, should be sincere one to the other] You were right. I have brought you some thing which should have been yours long ago !' She looked at him with wondering eyes. 'You are going to give me the letters ?' ' I am going to give them to you,' he said. 'With the destruction of this little packet falls away the last link which held us together.' He had taken a little bundle of letters tied with a faded ribbon from his pocket and held them out to her. Even in that salt odorous air the perfume of strange scents seemed to creep out from those closely- written sheets as they fluttered in the breeze. Lady Deringham clasped the packet with both hands and her eyes were very light and very soft. 'It is not so, Victor,' she murmured. 'There is a new and a stronger link between us now, the link of everlasting gratitude. Ah ! vou were always generous, always quixotic ! Some day I felt sure that you would do this.' 'When I left Europe,' he said, 'you would have had' them, but there was no trusted messenger whom I could spare. Yet if I had never returned they were so bestowed that they would have oome into your hands with perfeot safety. Even now, Constance, will you think me very weak when I say that I part with them with regret They hare been with me through many dangers and many Btrange happenings.' ' You are,' she whispered, 'the old Viotor again ! Thank God tbat I have had thus one glimpse of you ! I am ashamed to think how terrified I have been of you.' She held out her hand impulsively. He took it in his and, with a glance at her ser vants, let it fall almost immediately. 'Constance,' he said; 'I am going away bow. I have accomplished what I came for. But first, would yon core to do me ft small ser vioe 7 It is only a trifle.' A thrill of the old mistrustful fear shook her heart. Half ashamed of herself she stifled it at once and strove to answer him calmly. 'If there is anything within my power whioh I can do for yoa, victor,' she Mid, **U will make me very happy, you would not ask me I know unless— unlessT' ' You need not fear,' he interrupted aftlmly, 'it is a very little tiling'. Do you think that ' Lord Deringbam wonld know 'me again after bo many years f 'My husband 1' 'Yes I' She looked at him in something like amaze-, ment. BBfore she could ask the question which was framing itself upon her lips, how ever, they were both aware of a distant sound rapidly drawing nearer ''-?' tliB t' -m»1er -of ?» horse's hoofs upon the aoit Baud. Logins ?:-?'- ??..? ?; ,-:?. .. oQtf . op they both recognised the rider at the same 'It is your eon,' Mr. Sabin said quiokly, 'you need not mind. Leave me to explain. Tell me when I can 6nd you at homo alone? ' I am always alone,' she answered. ' ' But (ome tomorrow.' (To be continued.) 