STORI OF A PRESENT. ? .' ?nne mornings In Antwerp three fann- 4)6? years ago were ar bright as they are , Jn onr own land in those later times, and .jrpung men were much the same In 1560 as l-they are today The earliest worshiper / In the cool, shadowy cathedral hniried through hie prayers, f fancy, and made his ymy quickly out iiito the snnshine of the Grand place and through the narrow, crooked old street* toward his lodging in ' the Hue/TOrfevres He -would be thought a singularly devout young man nowadays to go to church Bt all in the earlv morning of his wedding |Uy, but times nave changed, - and 1 dare fay he was no better and no worse »han lots of us who have not been reared under the eternal vigilance of careful priests or under the no less constant watch of stone saints and Madonnas look lngdown from every street corner shrine. Ho was a strapping young fellow, and a gallant figure for a bridegroom as he strode along toward the street of the gold smiths. Now see the compelling power «f a girl's eyesl They had drawn Quinten Assays from his humble anvil at Louvain. t» to magnificent, queenly Antwerp' where wealth and power and luxury were at their highest tide just then, to run his Mfe race with other men; and not as a I blacksmith, but as an artist. Frans Florls. the famous painter, wrinkled his ragged did brows and hoisted his shoulders up to his ears at the idea of a son-in-law who tig a hanrniw instead of wielding a h; and the yotu)g "M" determined 1 to ow himself capable of work as worthy to live through years to come as anything that even Moris could produce. So to Antwerp he came and labored for his prize, and now he had won her, and today he was to claim his wife. Hie painting was praised by all the great artis tie city, and even the emperor him«pif had looked with approval at Ms work. ' And the favor of Chqples V was a splendid marriage portion with which to endow the giil who had creatld his ambition for him. But—human nature Is a queer thing. Qulnten Massys had begun as a worker in metal, and his heart ifes in the cunning artifice of hammer and forge. And so he had made a wedding presdht for his bride with his own hands, and it was not the production of a painter, but of a smith. With the most loving care he had fashioned a tiny silver box, whose double cover showed the hand of a master. Its outer case was elaborately beaten and chased with the device of the order that the emperor had bestowed upon him, and which he had taken 'for his family arms. The inner clasp was a network of silver cobwebs, wrought in a design that he' copied from a piece of tapestry from Bruges. And in the tiny hollow ; he had placed a little ball of aromatio gum that an Arabian merchant had brought to Antweip—the only city where such costly perfumes could be sold. -No thought then of the dreadful days that were comingl No hint on that bright June morning of the gathering oloud of the Inquisition, of the Spanish soldiery, or of the fourteen months' siege that should leave barely two-thirds of Antwerp's citizens to open the gates at last to the Duke of Parma/ As the young artist and his wife came out of the cathedral that summer afternoon into the cool shade of the gray tower, people said so radiant a bride had not trodden the stones of the Grand place sinee Charles was king. n. The solid old houses of Bleecker street sheltered no happier yotmg people, in the year of grace 1840. than William Van Corlear and his wife. Lucy Ellsworth had led her lover the usual dance to which popular girls are apt to treat their admirers, but the Dutch incapacity to give way to discouragement conquered In the end; and St George's bells had rung in their married life with so merry a peal that its echoes had not ceased vibrating through the five years that had passed since the wedding day The young husband was walking home from his business on the afternoon of his anniversary and trying to think of some pretty trifle to slip into his wife's hand as she met him at the door. For, would you believe that this foolish voung matron, unless kept away by accident, was sure to be watching for her spouse and to be the first to greet his coming? But, then, you must remember it was fifty years ago, and at that time New Yorkers had not dolled all their provincial manners. Van Corlear paused a few doors below Dey street, at Marquand's, entered and wandered •from case to case. His wife already had all the ornaments she cared to wear What was he to select? The salesman finally fished out a little antique pungent box. whose cover bore a strange coat of arms, nearly effaced by long years of use in many generations of soft hands whose dust would now scratch the smooth silver. Here was a dainty trifle, surely. "ton will not find anything like It in New fork, sir," said the salesman. '"Ihla was picked up at an auction of the brie-fr. brae collected from every corner of the world bv a German prince who committed suicide last year at Monaco. I think it is the most beautiful example of early Flemish metal work that I ever saw, though It Is but.a trifle." It was a quaint little bos, Indeed. Hardly more than an Inch long and half as wide, of diver, at the touch of a spring Its cover flew up, showing a second hinged cover or clasp of intricate filigree work. This, when closed, held in place a flufi of cotton, which was to be drenched in whatever salt or. essence madsme *rno conceit strucK tne young man favorably, and he waited till It was marked, In tiny letters on the" tiny case, just in the center of the worn old Flemish family shield: : W.toll. : 1835—1640. Then he carried It homo to his wife. And at the gayest moment of the evening, for the young couple Indulged In a little spree In honor of the day, Lucy found time to escape . from the light hearted party of-friends and go and spoon with sher fool of a husband for two minutes or so in the n u rsory and hold her box to his ridiculous nose. And with lbs widen perception of one of those strange shadows that sometimes (ail—from heaven knowB where—across our sunniest path, she said. 'Do you suppose I shall ever be so hungry deax. that 1 shall have to part with thlsf' HL "Gra-a-nT" called the guard, and the eievateG trade discharged its Grand street contingent, among whom was a party of four persons, two young men and two girls.in whose eyes a ride tn an east side train and a visit to the Bowery evidently constituted a kind of lark as jolly as it was unusual Thi girts chattered like blackbirds as the) ran dowr the steps and made their way througt the cosmopolitan crowd that filled the dusty strei t. The jronng men piloted them carefully among the quick sands of sidewalk musicians, beggars and wandering emporium? of coilai buttons, shoe strings and polychromatic cravats directing tnear amused attention to the wondrous anxncuoiu of the muBeums as shown on tli£ startling canvasses that adorned tho froutt of the buildings tn which tb* v&riour; fat girls, tattooed Clr oaasian* and sutwr toed men were to be seen for that-insignificant pinch of silver, oat dime. "Oh, It's tlse-queereot place," cried the Infant of the party whose blonde bang had woe her the Irreverent title of "Tow* among her littlmate friends "See that absuid little drum up there, beating a-way to draw attention to the only living bearded baby—poor thing. 1 hope It gets enough to eat.* and Miss Tow heaved a sympathetic sigh and lapsed into silence fot fifteen seconds. They were bound for a certain jewelry store where one could often find quaint old silver and antique bijouterie that had been rescued from the pawn shops or " cabinets or poor ants of wealthy ;liy families; and the ' 'second band" trade or the dealer had grown until be fonnd it an important part of his busi ness. and hunted both this country and Europe over for oddities and relics with which, to please the whims of his patrons The young people were soon deep in the mysteries or Apostle spoons, Naremberg tankard* and rococo candlesticks, and if the elder girl had not Interposed Miss Tow would probably have run her poor papa in debt to «a shocking extent. "What is that, Frank?" asked this more prudent damsel, as she gave a last covetous glance at an enamel brooch ornamented by a famous French miniature painter with the portrait of a court beautjL who lived in those ' Teacup clmes-of bood and hoop. Of while tliepatcb was worn. "It's a blessed old malachite spectacle case, andi did you ever see such tremendous silver bowed goggles as the poor^fellow that owned it had to wear?" answered I he young man laughing. "And here, Fanny, see this It looks likes book of devotions:" and he unfastened the tarnished silver clasps that closed a book bound in faded yellow velvet and strength ened by broad silver bands and a heavy nilver rim around the case, a relic of the •lays when books Were books and not things to be turned out by tens of thousands, to be read once and then thrown away The two young men and the older girl stood examining the old missal, while Miss Tow vowed she had seen enough books during her last year at school to satisfy ber for the rest of her days, and went prowling in the depths of a big tray full of antique bracelets, archalo christening spoons and miscellaneous trumpery of the species so dear to the feminine heart. A 6queai of delight from the book hating treasure hunter made them turn to see the latest discovery "Oh. 1 say 1 " cried that volatile young lady "This is the dearest old pungent!- ever saw and I am just going to carry It home, because I need one and 1 shall never find anything again that 1 like half so well!" and she held out a little box. "1 wonder where this came from," she rattled on. "I'm sure it must be English or Dutch, for it's too quaint for any sort cf use—look'" The others gathered around and admired the toy, tarnished and dented, and with hinges that were almost past their days of service. But Fanny studied closely for a moment. "On. dear," she said. "I think I was growing sentimental over that old book that was so dear to somebody, and now this positively makes me want to cry. Do you see this, you little Vandalf" and she pointed to some letters worn Into the absolute ghost of an inscription, but which oould still be seen very faintly? : W toL. : : 1835—1840. : "Come, Tow, let's go. Goodness! It's like robbing a churchyard!"—New York Evening Sun. 