%*J&F; '^aeggfcajCa lm ? i, i i ii/gf* '.; iiniLininiiiiif ''' ' Edited by 'VIVIENNE.' GOSSIP OF THE DAY. The 'Christiaitlscien.ee'' people in Sydney have been somewhat' shocked; over the death of Harold Frederic, and the arrest of their chief prophetess,! Airs. Mills. Mr. Frederic was one' of the most ;brilliant novelists of therday, as well' as being a great journalist. His 'March Hares;'- which is sparkling with wit 'arid humor, and 'Illumination' had a great run a few- months ago at the Sydney libraries: 'Illumination' is a won derful study in character, in a country town not unlike our little town's in Australia. It .looks as -if his life ' was sacrificed to a fad, for the Christian Science people will have nothing to do. with doctors, holding that -the body should be' subject to the mind, and, if it isn't, so much the worse for the. body-.' It ha!s caught on In Sydney until it is now almost a'craze, arid you would be amazed if you knew all the prominent peo ple who go in for it. One of th* believers here is a big man in the. Civil ,, Service. I know peo ple -yho believe firmly that;' they have been '£urqd by.:.'Jni'e'taphysical healing.' Perhaps iit will aifect-'.a cure ^wlierte the disease is 'merely mentair'f6r-£x:arnpie,''in the case of woraen who suffer from ilusions foolishly imagining they have - diseases. There are women, of this kind who ruin themselves with doctors: :Bufit is madness to think that all the 'Christian Science' in the world will cure one case of a serious ill ness. 'Christian Science' is really a reac tion against the laws of civilisation, and a return to the superstitions of our barbaric ancestors. , . ? ' AN AWKWARD KISS. I saw a most pathetic incident yesterday morning. A well-dressed couple came to j.he tram stopping-place in the suburbs. He was middle-aged, and she was young and inexperienced. Presently an elderly man, down on his uppers and careworn, ap proached, stopped and opened his eyes like one roused from a dream. The woman look ed at her husband.' who' turned his head away. Then she offered 'her hand to thu veteran. There were tears in his eyes. Both, glanced round, and then kissed each other awkardly. The father and daughter had met! They exchanged a few words, a 'bus came along, and' he decided not to wait for the tram. Her eyes followed him, and then she turned to the husband apologeti cally. He was. stiff in manner, and I know it will be a long tiine before she recovers from the effects of the unexpected inter view. . . What a dreadful thing it is to be ashamed of one's parents, or for a woman to have to disown them- The man, of course, declares 'I married -you and not the family,' but, all the same, human ties : axe of some ac count, and it is hard to behave like a brute even to please a husband. And what satis faction is it to the poor father and mother under these circumstances to know their daughter made such .a 'good match' that she is beyond their reach? HAUNTED BY POOR RELATIONS. \- There are many families living under somewhat similar conditions. I know a titled lady— --not here, «f : course-^who has not recognised any member of her family since her husband was knighted. And she is. so ignorant that when 'the news of the title came '? she said to him breathlessly, 'What relation 'are we now to the Queen?' Nearly all our nicest people are haunted by the presence; of poor relations in the hum blest positions. . That's the worst of being self-made. Society girls have often, said to me, 'The only relations one should have are one's own family. To have to think of outsiders because they happen to be cou sins isn't fair.' I know one family who have gone so far' as to change the spelling of their name, although the father's bro ther and his family, very respectable peo ple, live in the same street, and everyone is aware of the fact. Others change the pronunciation, taking the accent from one syllable and putting it on another. Rich relations are usually the worst enemies one can have. THE TEA TAX. The tax on tea has destroyed Premier Reid for all time as a feminine idol. He has gone down in the estimation of women of all sorts and conditions-' The' wives of work-' ing men, particularly, wno live mostly on tea, execrate this new policy, and were de pending on the Labor Party to save them. While Lady Hampden pays 2s 9d for her tea — so she once admitted — the wife of the working man has not paid more than Is since the duty was removed. And wages have gone down, so those who earn their bread by the sweat o&'^heir brow cannot 'now .afford to be luxurious. : WANTED CHINESE . TEACHERS. After the Housewives' Guild meeting at the Victoria Salon, and the deputation of members of the National Council of Wo men, we should have cookery made com pulsory in ' the ?? State schools, and every Australian girl as accomplished as the Chinaman in the culinary art. That is all I would ask (for the commonest garden Chinaman can teach the average girl how to prepare an, appetising meal). Indeed, the Chinaman who can't cook is as rare as the Chinaman without a. pigtail, and it would not be a bad idea to appoint the Celestials as teachers. There is some thing wrong with the Tech n i c a 1 CoDege system, for I have, met girls who, after going through a six months' course, cannot make a cup of afternoon tea, much less cook a chop or steak. They can make fancy dishes, perhaps, or show mothers how to make them. One would think the girls would be taught the ABC of the art how to prepare a working man's dinner, say — before being initiated into the deeper and more fanciful mysteries of the kitchen. I know there are some girls who couldn't learn to cook, just as they couldn't learn to write poetry, if they spent a life in trying; they have no genius for it. ? DIVORCED. Nothing could be more disastrous than unhappy marriages that lead to separation or divorce. A prominent Sydney man was separated some years ago from his wife. A few months back he read the news of her death in one of the suburbs; and he has been a drooping man since. Ke has found, too late, that, after all, she was better than other women. He did not even get an op portunity to go to the funeral, and he is now haunted with the notion that he will come to an untimely end. She died, people say, with a broken heart. Divorced people are rarely ' happy, for they cannot escape from the ghosts of the past. One should pause for a long time before putting one's domestic affairs in a lawyer's hands. To quarrel is human; to make peace' divine. MRS. THRELFALL. The approaching departure of Professor Threlfall will deprive Sydney not only of an eminent electrical expert, but of a lady of culture. Mrs. Threlfall is the author of one or two volumes of poeitry. She be longs to a literary family. Mrs- Wise, her sister, has done some writing in the Syd ney Press; Mrs. G. T. Cook, another sister, wife of the editor of the 'Daily News,' is a contributor to newspapers and maga zines, and the author of the much- talked- of article, 'How Men Propose.' The fourth sister is Miss Dorothy Baird, 'Trilby,' now the wife of Mr. Irving,, jun. — M.A. 