t am— nuiuu A VISION OF THE NIGHT. IIE rain splii3ltocl I down, Btrniglit, I li'euvy, und piti- | loss, wliilo tlio | Novomber twi- | liuhb olosod in $L rapidly. Tito clouds liunc dull a n d lowering overhead. I wus, on artist, my blood then 'ran tvarmly in my veins, ami my honrt.bsaf liigb with , iimbition and enthusiasm. I. could make light of hardships, and .even lovo them for their awn sake. ; But. as' 1 . trudged along that dreary night through tlio stiff clay mud of a narrow country lune, hungry und soukod to tho akin, boiweon hedges of tall hoiiy bushes wliich streamed rain wator upon tnv head from little reser voirs formed by . their polished concave loaves, 1 thought much less of my intel lectual and urtistic nspiratipiis than of my chances of a warm supper and a comfortable night's lodgings, 1'or 1 was wundeting on foot through one of tho rcinoto districts of tho North of England, with the object of at oneo filling my sketch-book and satisfy . ing the llohomiuu. restlessness of m.v naturo staying a day here and a week there, as it pleased mo ; sleoping at village inns, or in , hospitable farmhouses, iree us tho brcczo anil almost ns cupricious. I hud walked thut day some thirty miles over swampy, moorland paths and through dcoply-ruttcd cart tracks, where the mud clung tenaciously to my boots and sucked at thorn ns though it would tear them from my fcot at ovory stop, und I was unxious to find somo homcstcud that would uflord ma a shelter boforc darkness sat in, ft was much to my relief, therefore, that, just as tho curtain of mist was thickening .im penetrably around mo I osuiod a glimmer through the hollies on my right, and press ing forward, turned a corner and sawiha lights of' a largo farmhouse immediately before me. Tho lane f hud followod fan .' straight into the furmynrd und and there cume to uu end. ft was a cul-de-sac, ' and clearly my cliuueu of a night's lodging depended on the hospitality of the inmates of tho long, low building with the high-pitched, thatched roof, of wbich tho outline could be dimly discerned through tlio gathering gloom. A stream of mellow firelight issued from an opeii dour, and revealed an interior that was rude and homely, but most inviting to a shivering and furnished wayfarer. It was a large old-fashioned kitchen, paved with Hugs of the rough grey stone of tho district and lighted by the flumes of an enormous . coal and wood. .lice, burning in a huge open grate, under a muntlepiece formed of heavy slabs of freestone. Beside it stood a big semi-circular settlo, or rough seat of paintod wood, a common object in that neighbour hood, its distinctivo feature being a screen- like curved back. Tho raftors of the room before me were adorned with the family store of bacon, smokod bums wrapped in sucking, bladders of lord, strings of onions, and bunches of . drioa herbs. One corner was apparently tlio saddle-room, and wue hung witli rows of shining bits, curb-cbuins, nnd bridles.' An appetising odour of fried sheep's heart wus wafted through the door, nnd several big earthenware mugs on the long deal table, flunked by pewter spoons, horn- handied knives, nnd murderous-looking two-pronged steel forks, showed that pre parations were in progress for the evening meal. Bending over the Ore to turn the hissing md spluttering contents of a shallow frying- pan stood a womun, young end vigorous, though ungruceful. Hor figure was square and awkward, her plain gown was tucked up clumsily round her thick waist under a . rough apron, her huir was untidy, and bcr arms red and muscular. 1 was disappointed. The piquant contrast botwbon the cheery- kitchen and the cold ruin without had ruised my spirits, and 1 should. Iiuvo been pleased to bo welcomed by some presiding genius more attractive tlmn this too etulwart damsel. I stood irresolute, hesitating to make her turn und disclose .the homely features which must needs ucoompuny such a form, till the chill trickle of ruin-drops fulling down iny neck i from the brim of my hut, washod uwuy my lestliotic scruples, and I raised my voice to usk her if she would direct mo to tho . nearest inn, The woman, sturled mid turned shurply round, letting the fat run over into the fire. Slto was pleusuiiter to look at'tlian I ' expeoted. Her movements yere awkward, Iter clothes dingy, und her hunds coarse, but her face was prettily flushed with the lieat of the lire, und her expression had uu ' appealing timidity— u Bturtlod nervous ness, that interested and excited sympathy. But above all, and us an atonement for . every other shortcomings, she. possesssod a puir of magnificent liquid dark eyes, soft as velvet— eyes for which u duchess might have bartered her jewel- box and been a gainer by , the bargain, so full and tender were they, . and richly fringed with thiokly-set curling ' , lushes, The girl's voice wus mellow and deep, of pleasant quality, but quite un-. educated! ' Thore was no iiin within three , oiilos, She 'suid. ' Theirs was a lone house, , and tlioy hud no neighbours, I inuat. liave come sadly out of my way this .wild night befoio X camo to thoir door ; and, glancing compassionately at my dripping clothes, she bade mo diiter and sit by the lire to dry . myself, .and' wait till her father cume in. Nothing 'lotb, I. uccepted her iiivitatiou, and, seating myself under tho hospitable . shelter of the settle, I spread my chilled .. hands to the blaze. \Y but glorious oyes they were, so lustrous and so expressive, und how strangely out of keeping with tile rough setting of the girl's . face und flgure. Tho incongruity between them und the porsonulity of their owner , : j, annoyed me, X should have liked to romove „ thorn, and lit them into some ideal face i -i that should be worthy ot thorn. ........ X wua'rouBod from my fantastic dreaming , y.h.V the oiitranco of tho furmor and his threo .,.soii8, who came in with a deafening clatter of heavy nailed hoots on the etone floor — , four massive forma, bowed with labour, . :slouohihg in thoir looso bloueos and clumsy . . cords. There was little need to proffor my humblo petition for sheltor. Boforolhnd . -. half told my tale, Dorcas, my volvet-oyed ifrtond, was bid light a tiro in the guest \- .chamber, and 1 was welcomed to u shato of | the suppor and a pull at the home-Stowed flfO : , I watched Dorcas with interest as she : .. movod about, Sho appeared to be tho only femalo in tho household, and at oneo. mis-, tress und servant. Her plate. and mug .was laid at our table,' and, in tho intervals, of' serving us, she sat down and snatched'a' hasty meal. . 1 ' She is your daughlor ? " I enquired /of tlio farmer, whon Dorcas left the room, for nj momonr, carrying a big brown , jtig, tq.jboj ro-Hlled with beer from tbo celliuy j " Aye," answered tlio farmor,i, gruffly,: shooting a suspicious, gldnca iut, uie from; beneath his shaggy brows., . . ' j The old inuii's niannor .was hob ehcour-i aging, and I asked no further questions. : 1 was losing myself in tliouglit when X' was aroused by the old man's volco inviting, me to retire. Thov wont to bed betimes,; lie said; nnd " happen " X should bo'gind to do the same. I wus taken up u short flight of shallow stone steps, along u draughty passage, to a ' bod room in , a! remote part of the building. 'Here also it huge flro was burning in tho' old-fashioned crate, and. tho big rain drops woro coming straight down tho wide opon chimnoy. imd falling with a splutter tin the glowing embers. It was it'largo, low room,: witli ii diiinp, unused smell and, an air .of having been inhabited by people iti a superior rank of life to tlioso amongst whom X now found myself. ' The furniture was spare biit solid ; tiie 'bed .a large four-poster, with columns of carved blaclc oak, standing opposite tlio lircpluce. It was unusually largo und wide, und was ; hung- with . anoient ; and often- washed white dimity curtains, edged with u nurrow braiding of faded red. 1 could not repress a sliivor as X looked at this dreary apartmont, and Dorcus, who was making up the flro by piling on dry, crack ling logs, looked round quickly, and I fancied X.caught a gleam of compassion in her murvollou8 eyes. Howevor, whon she spoke, I understood thut the impression arose from the natural nnd unconscious oxpreesivoiicss of the orguns themselves. " Yo needn't bo onensy about t'bed," slio remarked stolidly, in the broad ne'eent whioli made mo start, every time sho spolto. " X moHtings keop the fuyther bed undor my own, and the slioigbts and blankets have all been to t'foirc and, arranging tlio lust billet, she prcparad to leave the room. " You nro taking a great deal too much trouble about mo," 1 said warmly. ".This is a delightful room, just the sort of place to be haunted and have u capital - ghost story belonging to it, Some fellow rattling his chain/or' ft wailing lady, or supernatural business of that sort." Tbo girl dropped the poker with n clatter, and stood staring at mo. She seemed inclined to take my suggestion quite seriously ; zo much so that 1 sqspeoted 1 must be near tho truth, and that there was u. story to toll about the grim old chamber. She stood looking at me dubiously .us if about to speak, bub tliouglit bottor.of it, and with a muttered " Gootl-noiglil to, ye ! " and a scared glanco around, hurried away, closing the door after her with a bang which resounded qucerly through tho' echoing passages. ,. . ' "So the room is haunted ! " . . I thought with a smile, and X liked it the bettor for that, Xtgave it dignity and interest, 1 told myself,' as X gazed forlornly at the tattered blue and yellow walls. ; : : A high-btioked chair stood near the fire, muffled closely in a cover of a faded chintz, and looking like a stray stall from some dismantled cathedral, which, perverted fiom its proper uses, had assumed u disguise before adupting itself to secular occupa tions. , With an effort, I drew this pondrous pioco of furniture still closer to the friondly blaze, and, sitting down, bogan to mute over the strange quarters in which X found myself. Why had the girl looked so scurod? Tho mention of a wailing ludy appearod to startle her— whs it possiblo that I'hud hit, by accident, on the actual legend attached to that dreary old room ? By Jove, what eyeB she had ! " What a pity they should bo so thrown away ! So I snt, till finding mysolf thoroughly tousted, and beginning to nod, with a slightly- advonturoiis thrill I plunged into the shadowy recesses' of the huge four- poster. It wasa bed to bo remembered, thatgiaot roiie of formor days 1 I did not fully gauge ita aizo tilt X had obliterated mysolf in o'ne corner of its ample pile of feethers, abun dant enough for any number of ghostly bed- fellows. ' But the downy pillows wore comfortable; und I was wearied .with my hard diiy, mid eoon dropped into a gonad and luxurious slumber. . I. do not know how long I had slept, when I suddenly uwoko with a disugroeublb impression that some unnatural sound had broken my rest: I felt disturbed and un easy, und, u queer cold shiver was running down . my back, in spite , of tlio warm feathers in which X lay almost buried. Tho ruin bud eoused". pattering on' the window panes, und the .wind' was how hcwling round the house. Xt .must .have been a hlust in . the ohimnoy that had wakened me,"I thought ; and I composed myself . to sleep, when ' the strango sounds which had mingled in my dreams rang pain fully in my ears. ' \ lb was the wuiling of a .child, a young child, eoutiding far away as" if. in -some remote part of the house, but still quite unmistukabie, and ae I recognised .it ap unaccountable soneution run over my skin. Again it was repeated, each. time sound: ing nearer, till at last it appeared to issue from the passage outside my bedroom door. Thoroughly aroused, X started up, nnd and looked round the darkening room. My flro was burning low, but the hearth wus still covered with wood embers, emitting a sullen glow, while round a single blackened log a fantustic blue (lame still flickered, and sent strange shadows into tho gloomy cor ners. The liigh-bucked chair stood as I bail left It, drawn closo to the fire, us though some ghostly oaoupant woro cowering thore, spreading its chilly hunds to the warmth, Again the low wail was heard, evidently olose at hund, yet, at t he same time, sound ing veiled and hollow, like un echo. What could there bo in that child's voico tn thrill me no strangoly, making my heart and pulses leup, and cold beads of perspiration rise on my brow us I lay in my warm bed ? Tho cry came again, und this time there could be no mistake I it wue at my very door. I closed my oyes involuntarily, and a faint, sick shuddor ran through me. Then came a deep sigh and a gentle rustle, and, with a start, I opened them again, and stared fascinated at the strange vision before mo. I. dimly diabingniBhsd a female figure draped in some loose and flowing garment, and holding a shapeless white bundle care- fully in its arms. There was n faint whieporing rustle, but no other sound ; not' n bourd oreuked under her footstop, As sho stopped into the firelight X oould see slio was young nnd graceful. Sho woro a dressing-gown of old- fashioned damask, funoiful " in design, but subdued in colour, and daitjlHy'linishod with ruffles of delicate iaco,\\. A'lbn'g \Vatteau sacquo fell from her shoulders, nnd her soft, dull-looking powdered hair was pilod high over a cushion. ,Tlie bundle in her. arms was made up of fiiiD cambric utid luce of il delicuto make, though stained und yellowed as if it hud lain by during loiig years. Her face wus turned from me. so I hut all I could distinguish: were the graceful contouis of her buck utid the proud pose .,of hor bead - us she glided forward -lit' lior quuiut clinging' dress, sway ing gently with an undulating rhythmic motion: - "' ' ' ; - I tried to speak, but the words seemed to dry in my. mouth,' und l luv dumbly gazing with a dull sensation of stupor iind.ustpnisli- mcnt. ' My fair yisitniit. went struiglit to tlie fii-o aiiii seated herself on tlio great chair, : laying hbr bundle' on her hip, and sat thero'lialf- buried in "the shadow', while the uncertain fiiolighC'duncod palely over the white mass oxtondod on her knees. . She remained; motionless, and 1 was beginning to recover from tny bcwildorment uiid to usk mysolf how in the namo of won der this dolicntoly refined flgurn came tii .be in n rough furmliouse. when suddenly my heart stood stiH nnd my blood cliillud in my veins ; for tbo ivniling infant's cry sounded itgnin, unoarthly.and appalling, as if beard through some thick muffling medium, .but proceeding' beyond possibility of mistake from tho midst of that white beau on the woman's 'knees. Yds,' the - child was evi dently there ; and it. would be ridiculous to describe.! ho horror which took possession of mo us 1 reulieed that simple fact. . Tlio woman sat still, vaguely seen in the Bhndow, her hoad' bont,'and her long thin hands resting abBontly on tho lace of tho infiuit's robes, She made no effort to soothe the child or to still its cries, though the maddening wuil grow more frequent, and at tlio same time'fuint gasping, us if from ex haustion und ivuttt of brouth. ' At length, however,' she sooinod to ha- cotno conscious of the distressful sound, nnd turning back tlio luce which covered it, gnzed steadily down on the little fuce, which X could dimly muke' out in the fire light. Then for tlio first time sho turned her own towards me, but rather as if to uvoid tho sight of the . child thun from any recognition of my presence. Good heavens ! what passions woro oxpreBscd in tliut uvqr- tcil fuce. Tho concentrated hatted of that look still lives in my. memory as a rovelii- tion. ' ' ' ' 1 saw u young face, which ought to have been splendidly handsome, for it was oyal in shape, delicately featured, and frumed'in an abundance of soft powdered hair, '/ But it. wus the eyes which arrested my attenl tion— lustrous velvet dyes, almond-shaped and fringed with thick dark lashes— the voiy eyes I had dreamt of us'I closed my own ; those of the girl' Dorcas ; only mulched' with their" appropriate, fuce and flguro, no longer puzzling and misplaced; but suprbmulyh right; and the' crown of an almost perfect beuutyi That is, ut least, what tlicy would liuvo' been but for thoir fearful expression— a wild hunted look of terror, combined with loathing' and repug nance, that distorted the - lovely counten ance. Though I lay right in the lino of vision, tlio slrunge eyes looked past me witli ail uuscoing gaze,' wholly absorbed in an overmastering amotion.,-" :' A louder cry from the child ' seemed to rouse the woman, for sho stood up "and began to walk to and fro in the room, always carrying the, infant,.- but ydtli no attempt to appease it or hush ita wail Presently she paused in her walk, bent over the infiint und drew the' lace veil down with oluobrnte euro well over its puuy lace; then, turning, she' slowly approached the great bed on which: I lay.- Breathless X wutchedher as she silently drew nenr-and deposited her burdon . on tlio side furthest from mo, close to one of -the heavy carved pillars at the foot of tho bedstead. She moved deliberately with an-uir of diabolical determination on her white /ace, dimly seen by tho fltful light of thb dying lire, though slio stood so neur to me. thut X faticied'I could distinguish the lashes on horoheek and truce; out the pattern of the infant's yellow luce, outlined on tho'white counter; piine. . What did she mean to do uaxt, and why did sho stand there with such fiorco hatred in her eyes, glaring down upon the shupoloss heap of tumbled cumbric. ; Gathering her forces togother; as if sud denly 'yielding to an evil suggestion, she snatched iipa largo squure pillow which lay oiivthe . bed, tiiougli I liad not- observed it till tlmt , moment, and with a demoniac gesture . raised it in tho uir, held it for a moment hovering over the child, and then swiftly pressed it down, upon the baby form bolow, uncl ' liold it (hero with all tho strength of her slender frame. Tito child's cry stopped abruptly s tlioro was a smotlierod groan, und then a fearful silence. - But yet the woinuu stood thoro, still und terrible, weighing on the pillow with all, lieg force;' making; bertain: that her unuiitiirai crime should not fail in its restilt, AVith iln'exclnination of. horror, I broke tlirougli tlio s|iull 'wliioti bound mo, und sturted forward ; but as l dld so, .woman,' and ohild,:and :pillow dissolved iind fuded a way,' : utid - 1 ' found ' mysolf frantically clutching 'tlio carved'bed-post-, trembling with uginilion. a cold sweat'st-andiug on my limbs and forehead. The grey light of early dawn was stealing through tho window and feebly lighting the room.' The old chair stood whore X had placed it ; bub there wus no sign of any creature but mysolf in the greut gloomy ohamber j . and no spare pillow. Strangely Bewildered, I crop), baolc under the bed-clothes, and lay until the day had fully duwned trying to oxplain to myself tlio vision 1 hud seen, and to resume my usual mood of light-hearted recklossnoss. Xlud somo ghostly vlsitunt appeared to mo from another world, and by somo fearful constraint rupoated iter crime bofo.ro mo on the very scono of its committal -1 Or could it be merely a droum born .of a fovorisli brain which had wrought' u funciful web of horrible mystery out of un old chair, u gloomy room, and u puir of beautiful eyes, misplaced in tho iiomoly oountonunce of of a household drudgo 1 How strangoly vivid and real it hud aeomed to mo ? M v nerves still quivered at tho recollection, and I half dreaded to see the heivy door turn noisolesslv on its hingus.iind the beautiful shadow steal gently into the room, dure- lully holding her.dotostod burden. I did not tell my tale to tho people of thoN house. I reasoned thut I should either have to . endure . thoir ridicule, or leuve a shadow of -terror end mystery to dwoil with thom under tho roof tlmt had sholtored me. So I liopt my counsel, and, dooply ponder ing- went my way.; "The following spring my picture made its murk,'anH my fellow artists never tired of askliigmo wliorol had found the modal from which I took tlmt strange fuce with the pule hair, nor in what nightmare of beauty or- horror the fiendish expression in her wondrous eyes liud iirst bean reveulud to me. - 