JIM BURROWS' PARTNER: OR, THE "MAD TRAMP" ANO THE LOST EL. DORADO. A STonr OF MGRTH-WKST. CANADA. By KOBEHT L. JBFFKUSDX Author of "Gold Mining in Si beria,"* «tc. Jim Borrows cauic into canjp' one nomingalmostataron. H" displayed luore alacrity than say inhabitant had | discovered in him since he first landed I on the goldfields two years hack. He ! iMtde straight for tue saloot. shout iug 1 as he went, and the diggers -vho wore j just then on tl*?jr way to the claims ! jian-sed and looked bad; inquiringly: j Łesltated—ceKtainly they fid— .xn<l wLt j not, for Jim Burrows had Dover been i fcnown so exited before? He shouted, j and his shouts bore an itritarion which [ knew no refusal. ' It was an Invitation ! "which Jim had only given out once be- | fore, and that was nro years befw. and the invitation was precisely an:ilar j —it was-an invitation to a drink. i "Blame me," said Bill CrossJey. "hut | I believe he's strati; it! But where's his pardner'""' ; "Looting after the claim—what do you think *" said Jake Morgan. "Struck itTich, of course bo has. Don't they all behave like this when they strike "it?" and they crowded into the saloon, and Jim Borrows paid like the man he was. He sat on the liar and told them the tale, bat iie winked and nodded, and not a \- word could they gather as to where it . was. He knew it, 'he said! and hi* .partner was looking after it. He had just come down for tucker, and then off again; and when he'd got his papers, then he'd just invite the boys up and show them the spot. He was not ungrateful, not he, and he was just going do the thing right and proper and square; but he was not going to have aur jumping, not he. He knew his •Same, although he'd only been two years at it, and now he'd struck it he meant to go right through. I watched Jim Burrows iutei«stedly. for of all men who had come down to -Jacksonville, he was the last I expected to have luck. Luck Is an element on all jgoldfields. Some mon come in to-daj* and may be rich to-morrow. The pioneers are the losers as a rule. Jim Burrows ivas a pioneer. He had discovered the region, and like a good many other <!iscoverers, was cone the better for it jHe had worked as a washer for those who came after him, and though now and again he was wont to go off on his own account, it seemed that luck was not to be his again, for he always returned more morose, more gloomy than erer. Some of them pitied him. otters despised him: but why the iaiter I could never tell, unless it is that in human nature there is only reverence for the prosperous and contempt for the poor. Anyway, we all drank Jim Burrows" •whisky, wished him the best of luck, en- Tied him, and went off to our own claims. Days passed, and Jim was absent. He had been down the river to the office, he said, when he returned. He had got his papers, . and now he would show us where it was. Up over Uie mountains, beyond a creek, and down in a narrow gulch was Jim Burtows* claim, and a big piece he had parcelled out, of a solemn truth, and experienced miners shook their heads and «aid there was no color left for anyone else. It was only a little twig of a stream, not a quarter of a mile iong,and Jittle wider than a ditch, and Jim and liis partner had been careful enough to leave only the wash for those who liked to follow. , J But we could -not grumble, and' filed back to the settlement, a lot of us hoping that Jim's pan would turn out all right and a good many, with' that per- Tersity of human -nature strong in them, half hoping to see him fail. Day followed day. and Jim and his partner, Grogan—the latter an Irishman •f the most Hibernian type—were absent; but one day Grogan turned up -with one of the longest and strangest tales we had heard for a long time. He came into the village inquiring right and left where Jim Burrows was. Share, and he'd left him three days previously, and never a sight of him had he seen since. Bedad, and it was too bad of him to leave him up there working alone. Color: It was more than they could carry. Every pan was worth thirty dollars, and be supposed Jim had gone off on a spree—bad luck to him! But Jim was not in the village, nor had anybody seen him.and Grogan was ; distressed. Nor did Jim appear for five . days, or-at all. and during those five days Grogan remained in camp, drinking pretty heavily, and reviling his partner for his absence. Of course, we all made various surmises as to the cause of Jim's disappearance, and all were equally plausible- There was only one tiling for it, however, and that was pending his-, return Grogan should go on with the claim. And be did. He worked almost night and day, and when the sheriff came down from the town prepared to escort the bag back, it was freely calculated that Grogan was worth a hundred thousand dollars, and the claim not yet a quarter worked out. Speculation rose as to what had be- •come of Jim Burrows, and it was freely tinted that Grogan knew more than he •cared to tdl. One night a few of us went up to the claim (stealthily, It la . -true), and Grogan did not know we were coming. We had not disturbed him, ^either, and when we saw tim lying full length before his tent, his face covered ^vith mosquitoes, and the log fire before Him playing its light on his body, we jjnst passed by. and searched' amongst ' the diggings, for It bad occurred to us that we might find the body of Jim Borrows lying around. Bnt we didn't, and •we sneaked back to the village as mystified as ever. The whole summer passed and the winter came down. Gradually the noise about Jim grew less. He'd &llen; over the gulch, perhaps'-'and Ładbeen carried into the big- river. "Anyway, he was. not ibe first man who had disappeared suddenly, and, pending evidence, -the only thing to do was to do nothing—which is ah expression which -<Jrogan himself might have used. I was back in England. I had failed. Sou only tear of the successful goldminers: you-don't hear much of the failures/ I had spent my little all, and Jiad. returned to my native country—not villi hopes shattered,as novelists would say, tout just keen on resuming nay old occupation, and thinking that in ' that work, at any rate, there was a living, . and perhaps it would be more congenial In London than with the mosquitoes of Jforth-Westeni <Jsnada and its cold. It : was not a re^f ambitions programme which I bad mapped out for. myself. Cab-driving, at-tjw best of times,'is not the^sort of ihing whieh most men would yearn for, although the box of a Sanjsom Is frequently occupied by roenwbo once.knew some social standing;. • But ... -tiiere lssoiiieililngaboBŁ thelifesrbleh gives a' finip to existence," ' ; swben money. I nćrergfeif quite so aown as \- --when*--! was «tii^Ung— ogling—for aT" ' ' " '"" si^pandofTniył : jGntduaTIj, tmfr the whirl sif London life- the memory, of my experiences in Canada, receded and becaiec duller; but all were brought back to me of a madden one day, and that was when X was crawling along the gutter of Piccadilly, eyes all around mc —if such could be the case—on the; chance of a fare. It was a dull, misty, night in November; the streets were almost deserted, and I was about flicking up my tired horse, so as to get to Pic-': i-adilly Circus, when I heard the hail from a club quite dose, and went to-it like a shot' A tall, bearded man, well dressed, got into the cab and gave me directions to "drive to Euston station. I at once whipped up, and was soon. bowling through the side streets, but as I went thoughts began to run rapidly through my head. Where had 1 seen the man inside before?—and I had just turned into the Tottenham Court road, when like a flash it all come upon me, and I knew my fare was Grogan. The first thing that I did was to pull up. the nest to get off the box. the third to tear open the doors and to shout oat: "Why, Grogan, don't you know me?" j I had expected hioi to start forward, seize my band and shake it and say, 'Well. I'm blessedl Fancy seeing you here!" But he did nothing of the sort j He simply stared hard at me, and said: "What in the name of Heaven do you call this? Are you drunk? My name's not Grogan. Get on to Euston T' 1 was knocked back, as you might say, for I saw I had made a mistake. I apologised as well as l eonid, got up on my bor again, and in a few minutes was saying, "Thank'ee" for the halfcrown which my fare handed me. Though It was not Grogan, yet during the rest of that night I could think of nothing but him. It was certainly a remarkable likeness, anyway, and the more I thought the more vividly came back my memory of the times in the goldfield, and Jim Burrows and his claim, and of Grogan and his partner. Days passed, and the little incident bean to have less interest for me. But one day, perhaps a week later, I was driving near the' Marble Arch, when who should I see but my fare walking along towards the gates. I looked at him intently, and now I felt sure that I had made no mistake. X whipped off the box, caught hold of a newspaper boy, told him to look after my horse's head, and the next moment had turned and followed the man. I reached him in a few strides, passed him,faced about and looked him square. Yes, it was he—there was 110 mistaking him tins time. It was Grogan,.and as I looked at him 1 saw his face turn pale and his jaw drop. "Come, Grogan," said L "if s you after all. Well, I suppose that now you are a rich man. you have forgotten your old companions of the diggings— eh?" He gasped, and T saw him turn as if about to run, but I caught his arm and held him. He looked around hurriedly. "Whatdo you want with me?" he said in thick tones. "Shure, and what do you want to talk to me about diggings for?" His eye Tan rapidly over my costume. and lighted on the metal badge which dangled from my buttonhole. 'All. yes,"" he said, "I remember. You have Twnr cab bene?' I jerked my thumb over my shoulder. "You will drive me to my dub?"' 1 nodded. "And," said he,' "I will tell you all." f said no more, and in a few minutes I was driving my Old companion of the mines to his club. You will come inside?" said Grogan, when he had alighted. "I can't leave the cab," said I: "but"— and I looked him squarely in the face— "I will take it to the yard, and will join you in ten-minutes." And I did, and in a quarter of an hour or less was seated with Grogan in a private room, and listening to oqe of the most outlandish stories that ever. I had heard. Grogan started off by'reminding me of the disappearance of Jim Burrows from the settlement "And," continued he, "I know * very well that some of the boys thought that I had had a hand in his disappearance. Let me tell you straight now that there was nothing of that sort of thing. Jim was gone one morning when I woke up, and 1 thought that he had gone down to the village. What else could X think of? X waited two days for him, as you know, and he didn't turn up. I came down to the village, and he wasn't there. Where was he? Nobody could tell me. I went back to the claim and I worked it 1 worked it for nine months, and yon left I think,just before I did—just before I sold the property and came to England. But let me tell you what X did. X made one hundred and fifty thousand pounds out of that claim, and -my first action when I got to England was to put seventy-fi ve thousand pounds aside." 'What for?"JI interrupted. •Yor Jim Burrows, and I will tell you why. Because exactly one year to the veiy day on which Jim Burrows left me, I saw him come straight into my room, sit down before me, and talk to me just as he did on -ibe night he left me. Terrified? Shure, and r was that for I thought it was a ghost before me. Jim spoke to me, asked me about the. claim, and then he spoke up, and told me that half belonged to him, and I said yes, it did. 'And you will keep it for me? said Jim; and I promised him X would. Promised him, X say; but it was a ghost I was speaking to. I know it was a ghost for X could -see through him; and though X heard his voice, it seemed to come to me from the air, and not from human lips. When I went over to him to see whether I was right or not Jim Burrows had vanished. "Sow, you will laugh at me, perhaps, and think that X Siave been brooding over Jim's disappearance so much that my brain has gonea bit; but exactly one year from that veiy night I was in Paris. X was walking down the Champs Elysees, when suddenly X found someone walking beside me, and heard a' voice In my car. It was the voice of Jim Burrows. 'You have not forgotten," said he, "that half ttat claim is mine? Ton will keep it for "me, 'won't -you, old man? 'I will keep it for you,' i said; and then we sot into a crowd, ana 1 saw no more of him. That very night, when X got home, I drew out my cheque-book, and X wrote out a cheque, payable to the order of .games Burrows, for seventy-five thousand pounds, and, see here;" and Grogan pulled out bis pocket-book and extracted from it a slip of paper, which he handed to me. . It was a cheque made payable to the order of James Burrows for the sum of seventy-five thousand pounds. '•"When he will come for It God knows. I have tried eraj- mfiins in my power to find out something about him,' who bis people are, but X can't Over - in Canada, every commissioner, every sheriff on the diggings has got my address, and if Jim Burrows comes backwell, there's, his money." Tills was, indeed, a peculiar tale, but more .'was to follow; andliere I put it on record that Grogan acted towards me like the gentleman I did not think he was. Severity-five thousand pounds Is iota beap of money in tbe^e -days ot inillionaires; but Grogan- liad invested bis weH, "and was in buaness, and l thipw pp. my cabbing and; went in with. hlm, and l chan ged my opihlon of him right away. ••. t,. vi,-?""^;-;', " About-six monOiB ipasEed, and the month of Jane arrived., Grogan came Into the office on the morning of the sixth day, and asked me to follow him. I went into his private room, and we sat down. ' The door was closed, and then Grogan spoke: "Do you know what the tfth of June is?" a£ked he. "The tith of June," I replied. "And do you Know what the 6th of. June was four years ago?" I pondered for a mcaient and then remembered. "Yes, the day when Jim Burrows disappeared." „ -Tbafs why I have called you in,-' said he, "because I feel as certain as I am sitting here that " There was a knock at the door, and in answer to the peremptory "Come in," a clerk appeared. "A gentlenum to see you. sir." "I am too busy to see any one." said Grogan. "But stay—who is he?" "He will not give his name, sir. - He wants to see you on private business." Grogan looted up, and his gaze was fixed on me. "Can it be?" he muttered and then turning to the clerk, said, in a loud voice, "Show him in:"' and the next moment there walked into our presence Jim Burrows in the flesh — no ghost: and as he came I saw no shiver or start on the face of Grogan. I simply saw him take out his pocket-book, extract the cheque, and while Jim Burrows was holding out bis hand and saying^ "Shake, old pardner," Grogan . shook bis hand, and between them they clasped a-cheque for seventy - live thousand pounds. "What's this?" said Jim. •Tour share of the claim, Jim." "What! the claim up in Canada?" "Yes—seventy- five thousand pounds. We cleared a hundred and fifty thousand out of it We went in partners, and there is your share." Jim looked bewildered, and ran his fingers through his hair. "I don't understand," he said, "what it all means. I deserted you because— do you know why, Grogan?—I found a claim better than ours, and I went up over the hills to work it X deserted you because I bad found another El Dorado, and X didn't want you to share in it; but I went there without food, and though I worked and worked, what could the color bring me? Only the sight of wealth, but not a speck of food. For three days I worked like a madman, digging out great nuggets of the stuff and lying them around. Then I really went mad — mad with hunjrer, and I wandered off south trying to find you— trying to find the village; and ł remember no more until a- few weeks ago, when I found myself in a madhouse in San Francisco, and they told me that I was known-as the mad tramp, who had walked all over the States, and who had come to San Francisco. "They locked me up, and there I remained all those years, until my reason came bad; and I remembered all. What did I do? Straight back to Canada I went, to -find our old village deserted, the claims exhausted, everybody gone. Then I thought of the El Dorado X had discovered, and which I had deserted you for. I got up a caravan and went to search for it and though I searched for it day in and day out I. could not get a sight of it for I had forgotten where it was. And I came south again, and as luck would have it X came on a mining camp, and they told me all about you and where I should find you. I came straight here to ask your forgiveness for deserting you as X did, and this—this"—he looked at the cheque, and X saw his eyes were swim ming with tears—"this is what you do!"—"Weekly Budget" 