PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. The Annoai. Tea-meeting. In continuation of the anniversary celebration in connection with the above church the annual tea-meeting was held at the Church-street Hall on Tuesday evening and was }n every respect thoroughly successful. The attendance was so large as to necessitate two sittings. The tables, laden with good things and nicely decorated, -were in charge of Mesdam's W. Davis, W. Sutton, W. Ashloy, Styles, Plucknett, T. Davies, and Miss Waters (Figtree), who were assisted by other- ladies.- : Everything in con nection with the table was provided by these ladies arid collected from friend?, : and the arrangements were all admirably carried out. At the after-meeting Mr. W. Ashley presided. An apology was read from Rev. E. T. Mile-i, expressing his deep regret at being absent from the ineeting through- illness. ? He felt extremely sorry, as it was the first meeting of the kind he had been absent from for ten years. Several speakers spoke in lauda tory terms of Mr. Miles, and all ex pressed the wish that he might be soon restored to full health, and strength. Rev. F. R. Elder (Anglican) addressed the meeting on the need of spiritual power in shuroh work. They must have j personal energy ana aevouon or cuey could not expect success in the work. Rev. A. Mackay (Piesbyterian) gave a somewhat humorous address and coursed a little diversion in regard to federation by stating thab he considered in was their duty to vote for federation for the glory of God. | Rev. J. S. Austin (Wesleyan), after speaking on personal aevotion in cburcn work and the power and strength of Methodism, gave it as bis opinion that in regard;to federation they should vote against. the bill for the glory of God. Rev. J. W. Holden (Sydney), in his address, said that true church work would never be a real success by mere form. Real success lay in the power of the Holy Ghost. He said that while one reverend gentleman had said they should vote for the Federal Bill for the glory of God and another that . for tho same reason they should vote against ib, he wished to say -that he did not consider the giving of such advice came within the province of a clergyman. . He jnienueu IU ici;uiu ma vulo lur uic^iuij» of God also, but be would vote just as his conscience dictated, and - would not dictate to any man as to how he should voteon the 3rd of June. Rev. T. Davies moved a hearty vote of thanks to all who had helped to make the meeting such a success, which was seconded by Mr. Dyer and carried by acclamation. During the evening the choir rendered several anthems very nicely, under the baton of Mr. Butters, and the meeting may be described as one of the most successful ever held in connection with the church at Wollongong,. 