Tke Poisorxers. BY LOUISE MACK. The man and the woman he loved were parting. A canary Bang deliriously of love in the little fernery beyond the glass doors of the woman's drawing room, a yellow sun-shaft slipped in through some open place, and touched the photograph of a young girl over the mantelpiece with gold and pale rose, and the woman, who had been that gold and rose-tinted girl long ago, lay in the man's arms, and said good-bye with silent lips and closed eyes. She was a widow, he was married to another woman, that was their story. And they loved now with the love that interprets trees, and winds, and light, and darkness, into meaning. In each other they had found the clue to all beauty. Here at the beginning of it all, just when the meaning was about to break on them, they were to part. For he was married to another, and the woman who loved him, and held life's mysteries in the grey of her eyes, was as yet too strong, or too weak, to tear him from these bonds, to take him when he cried to her to take him, to break the simple line of life that had been hers till now. He breathed the word divorce. But she knew that divorce was a matter of temperament, not his, not hers. " I love you. You must go." That was the beginning and end of all her speech. " Some day you may want me. I will come," he said. \- * The parting was over. She was alone, lying desolately a along her couch, with dark years opening before her, and the cruelty of life, lashing, biting, eating all the hot, quick places in her heart, and spitting out wantonly when it had eaten. The sunlight left the photograph, and went to touch her head, then died away. And the bird's song ceased, and darknesB came. She raised her hands, and held her arms out to the shadows. " Oh, come to me, come to me." But she had sent him away. By-and-by her mother entered, and found her lying there alone in the darkness. " My girl," she whispered. She held the dear, brown head against her breast, and the woman knew the true reason of her sacrifice as that poor old feeble, faithful heart beat beneath her cheek. When he left her, he went on down the street, and found himself at home at last. It was dinnertime, and the table was set for two, with much elegance of flowers, and silver, and shaded lights. But the dining-room was empty. And the sittingroom across the hall was empty. And there was no one in the little boudoir, where she idled her time away. At last he found her. He knew at a glance that this was to be a bad night. Her coarsely - moulded mouth was sullen, her big, blue eyes were heavy and restless, and the color in her cheeks had crept up into her forehead. She was standing by the window of the china pantry, looking out stupidly into the twilight. " Are you coming to dinner, Rose?" " I might." He laid his hand on her arm. Come," he said. " No, I won't," she cried loudly. "You've been telling them to lock things up, you beast." A housemaid's cap showed for a minute in the doorway, then disappeared. It w«is always so. The blood surged up into his face. " Don't raise your voice, the girls are listening." But she spoke louder than before; she swore, shrieked, cried out to him that he was every evil thing; struck him in the face just as the housemaid's strings appeared again in the doorway. And the flowers and silver had the table to themselves. He sat up in his study—and stared, and stared. " My God ; if she were only dead. No man could stand this life for long." He fell back in his chair, and shut his eyes, and her image came up before him. The image of that heavy, silly, drunken face—weak beyond all hopes of strengthening—burnt before his eyes, until to see it maddened him. " If she were dead. If God or I could kill her." Such a loathing of her swept through his soul that he lay breathless in his chair for many minutes. Oh, to crash into her face with a savage, primitive hand, and blot the features out for ever ! His chair had become too small to hold the writhing of the soul within his body. (Jp and down the room he strode, up and down, hour after hour. All the evil tunes she had played to him. haunted him, rang in his ears. She had been his wife ten years; he had married her because he loved her— or thought he did. But thought he thought and the real are alike in the beginning, the end divides them. And the end had come long ago. There was a time when he had been pitiful of her, when her weakness had called upon all the strength of the Btrong man to rise up and help her. But to continue year after year to love, to pity, to battle for a being whose whole desire was to grow into a coarse and terrible brute—no, this man blamed neither himself nor his Maker that his love and pity had gone out into darkness long ago. Oh, the terrible vacuous eyes, so clear and innocent when he had first known her! A thousand times he had asked himself if any of the blame lay on her head. But his feeling for truth never deluded him. He had done all he could to save her. An inexorable power held her, and drove her on, would never let her go. Poor soul! it was the power of blood. Perhaps a little child would have saved her. But there had been no child. And now Bhe was beyond all help. She had almost ceased to be a woman. Often, often she had shamed him in the streets. Everyone knew. Was that the cruellest part of his story ? He was lying in his chair again. He had longed that she should die. Now he was resolving, determining, arranging for that death. " Poison, something easy. . . She will take it, not knowing. . . God, I didn't know I was a murderer. . . She will take it, and no one must know I gave it her. . . I am glad she is to die. . . I would like her to suffer, to suffer. . . No, you may go out quietly, demon, fiend. . . O Lord, what have I suffered through this woman, she likes me to suffer, let her have every pain in hell before she passes. . . No, she Bhall die without pain. . . She has morphia in her medicine-chest; I will give it to-night. To-morrow she is dead. . . That woman has gone out of your life, you are free, and there stands the woman with the dear grey eyes. . . Free! My house is fresh and empty, the horrible shame has gone out of it. See how the servants go about with eyes that no longer shun my eyes in pity. Morning and evening, and no fetid presence in the atmosphere. . . And so simple. . . God, I didn't know I was a murderer. But I am. Why, we are all murderers. And some are cowards, and some are brave enough. . . What an easy thing it is, after all, and how sensible, to put out of life a thing that can't live decently. . . I have made up my mind. . . I thought there was an ugly ring about the word poison, but it does not offend me now. . . But why did I not think of it years ago 1 So simple, and only the blunderer is found out. . . Church and the Bible, and all those relics of my childhood, lingered in my eyes and blinded me. That is why I never poisoned her before. . . When I was a boy, to steal, to love anyone's wife but your own, to murder, was to pass beyond all earthly help. For those crimes God hauled you up before Himself, and condemned you out of His own awful lips. . . To murder, how ugly, how ugly; but what does it mean ? Not murder, but relief, release, happiness. Poor creature. Yes, I declare I am sorry for her. . . Then Bhe will lie there, and presently the funeral, and then the grave, away by itself, new grave. . . Does that cause me sorrow ? No, a sweet joy. A lonely grave with no grass on it, and the man who married her happy. . . What of that? Oh, my soul, to be rid of her for ever, who has spoiled my life for so many years. . . Am I contemplating it sanely? But murder—murder is such a deadly crime. I have thought so all my life. Now I must forget. Here come back to me the words I learned at my mother's knee, the prayers, the Bible verses. . . I will give her the morphia just before daybreak, and her maid shall find her there in the morning, and I shall arrange that no one will ever know. . . Other men who suffer as I have suffered kill their wives; I believe it. Now I seem to know that many of the men of my acquaintance have done murder. Why not/ . . Is this what those early boyhood's prayers and verses at the mother's knee mean ? Are they given for a moment such as this—a supreme moment ? Why do they come back now, indefinite, but haunting, persistent ? . . I have forgotten them ever since, but they haunt me now. That time returns like the memory of an old dream. It will not leave me. . . All vague, and indefinite, but sweet, simple, clean. My God, I have left religion alone years ago. Has it been waiting, waiting, watching for me all these years 3 to catch me here, to stay me, to hold me in a shadowy, subtle grasp I cannot break? For I cannot—no, no, no, I cannot . . I understand that I cannot. In the morning a servant tapped at the door. There was no answer. The man entered, to find his master lying forward in his chair, with head bowed on the table. " Sir, wake up." "What is it Brown?" " Bad news, sir. The mistress." What, dead ? " Dead in her bed. The girls found her so." Dead ! Did I do it ?" Sir l» " Has the doctor come ? Send for him quickly." He went down into her room and looked at her while he waited for the doctor. Would she have been that calm and beautiful presence if he had done the deed 1 Then came the doctor, and the merciful decision that her ill-used heart had failed her in the night. " My friend, you had better rest. You are like a ghost this morning," said the doctor kindly. But he was hurrying away in his horror to the woman with the dear, grey eyes. He stood in her sitting-room a moment waiting. Then she entered. 1 have come to tell you " " What, dead ? " His own words an hour before. " Found so by the maids this morning." She paled, and swayed, then fell against him. " Girl, girl, what is it ? What! Do you think I did it? No, no. Ah, what a night last night was. But I saved myself." " Last night I could not sleep," she whispered. " There was an ache at the heart that would not cease. And I began to think of her—to hate her, to wish that she were —. Then I began to think, to think how she might die. And 1 told myself there was no reason why she should be alive, and stand between us and our great love. And I said to myself that I would do it. 1 would go one day to see her, and one day I would take her out with me, and send her alone into a shop to purchase— something. Then, when she had taken it, when I had given it to her, it would be proved that she herself had bought it, and had given it to herself. And I went to the house, and I gave her the Why do you look at me like that. What do you mean 1" " You gave it to her. My God, I stopped before I got to that." And he told her, in a dry voice that hurt him, of the night before. " All through the night I was a poisoner." But she cried out to him bitterly— But I—I. Oh, in my thoughts nothing stayed me." 4 They could only weep in each others arms, wounded with the inexorable sadness of the opening movement of their new life. The Lawyer: " I think I'll give up general practice." Friend: "Why?" The Lawyer: "I have a will case." 