THE HAUNTED OR, COLONEL OODY’S SEARCH.' A ROMANCE OF THE WEST. By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM. A-utor of "Te Mysterious Mau in Blue." Etc. CHAPTER XXXII.—THE ATTACK. wnen Colonel Ferris saw how much in I -earnest Cody and those with him were to heed the warning of the Ghost Guide of the Mountains, he did all in his power to be ready for the red-skins should they come upon their raid. His disappointment at not finding the outlaws in their retreat was more than compensated for by having met and de feated the Indians in the mountains, and having been able to get warning of their intended swoop. Cold as the night was, and worn out as ne was, Cody volunteered to go on a ride to the settlements and add another warning of danger; but this Colonel Ferris would not listen to, and in the ur gency of the case despatched an officer and two soldiers to make the ride and be sure that there was no mistake. The next morning Cody and some of his scouts went out to reconnoitre, and when they returned at noon reported no 3ign of Indians, that the snow was melt ing rapidly, and yet that it was just the time for a raid of red-skins, as they could catch the fort and the camp wholly off txiolr guard tkey believed. And. it ,will come to-night, sir, if at all.” Cody added, firmly. ‘■Well, we are prepared for them here, and my couriers are coming in from the camps and report that all are .ready for an attack, though it is hard for any one to believe that the Indians intend to swoop down from the mountains at this Night settled down upon the fort, with all prepared to be called to arms at any moment. Cody and all his scouts were out after nightfall, going on foot so as not to at tract attention. The chief of scouts had gone alone, giving orders to his men not to venture more than half a mile away from the fort, and to thus encircle it, keeping within call of each other, and be ready to give the warning to fall back should any one make a discovery. The chief of scouts had ventured a lit tle further than he had told his men to go. The night was cool, but not freez ing. and the walking was bad. but the trail he was on led towards the moun tains ar,d was the only one by which the Indiana would doubtless come. Suddenly he halted, for he distinctly heard the splash of hoofs. He gazed fixedly ahead and saw a horseman com ing into view. "My Ghost Guide, as sure as death!” said the scout, and from his hiding-place he felt that he could hold up then and there the weird horseman. ‘Til treat him squarely as he has me. But why is he coming here, I wonder?” muttered the scout. Then he called out: “Ho, Friend Ghost, I am Cody, and I am alone!” The white horse was brought to a sud den halt, and half wheeled at the first sound of the scout’s voice. But the words seemed to reassure the rider, and he hesitated, and then came in a deep voice,most sepulchral in sound; “Colonel Cody, heed the warning I gave you. The red-skins are not half an hour’s ride away, and moving to attack the fort in large numbers. The camps and settlements will also be attacked at the same time.” As the last word was uttered the white horseman wheeled, and rode away in the darkess as he had come. Instantly Cody turned arid retraced his way back to the circle of scouts. He gave the signal to fall back, and they were soon all just outside the post. “Men, the red-skins are coming. Keep a close watch, and fall back into the post the moment you see them approaching. !AU will be ready then;” and so saying the scout entered the stockade gate, and at once told the officer of the day that the Indians were coming. Going on to the colonel's quarters, he told him of his meeting the ghostly guide, and word was at once sent round to call all the garrison silently to arms. In fifteen minutes the whole force was ready and soon after the scouts came in and reported that the Indians wer& sur rounding the post. Thus the moments passed, until sud denly there was heard the tramp of rushing hoofs, and at the word of com mand a circle of flame flashed out, and hundreds of carbines and • rifles rattled forth death, while the artillery belched forth shells that burst in the midst of the mass of warriors and ponies. The red-skins had made their swoop, and expecting to crush their foes, had suddenly been hurled back by striking against a wall of fire, lead, and iron, that cut them down without mercy. CHAPTER XXXIII.—MISSING. It was an appalling moment for the red-skins—one of terror, frenzy, and des pair—for they had plotted their raid skil fully, had planned well, and while seve ral other hands were to swoop clown up on the mining camps, surprise and raid them, the main force, fifteen hundred .warriors strong, had attacked, the out posts. The other bands, having done their red iwork, were to sweep up the valley to the post and join their main body. Then a retreat could be made from there loaded down with booty, the braves armed with captured rifles and weapons of all des criptions; while they would drive hack to their fortresses horses and cattle by the hundred, take many prisoners, and have scalps galore to hang in their te pees. For days, all through ’the fearful bliz zard, the Indian bands had hidden in the canyons of the mountains—freezing, suf fering from hunger, and bearing untold hardships. They had seen their weaker comrades die from the bitter cold, and they had grimly looked on and bore all, for the time of revenge was at hand. At the appointed time the different bands were to strike their blows, and the next day all, laden down With plunder and drunk with a red revenge, were to meet at the post and hasten back to their ■mountain stronghold-before another ter rible blizzard should strike them. Imagine, then, their rage, disappoint ment and terror when, expecting to sweep right into the unsuspecting out post, they were met by a storm of lead and iron far more deadly than the bliz zard. They recoiled as the flame of hundreds of rifles and the blaze of a dozen can non flashed in their eyes, and they stag gered and went down under the pitless •storm hurled upon them by their pale face foes. Desperate at their being surprised Where they meant to surprise, they made another charge and actually broke in at one point, getting over the stockade gates; and beating back the force there, they threw open the massive gateway for the rush of their comrades. But when they believed, after all, that ’they had gained a victory, that it was tc be a hand-to-hand fight now, with th« soldiers greatly outnumbered, the loud notes of a bugle rang out, the men oi ’the fort answered the call and ran rapid ly back and to either side of the stock- | ade gate. Then half a dozen cannon j poured a terrible fire upon the mass of 1 red-skins. Shell burst in their midst, driving ponies to frenzy with wild cries «f rage and despair they fled for their lives, and the men of the post had won the battle. .Then again rang that dread bugle, and out of the stockade gateway dashed two hundred troopers, revolver in one hand and drawn sabre in the other, while upon their flanks rode two-score of Then it became a stampede, and when the Indians were in full rout, flying for their lives, a recall of the troopers was sounded, and down the valley they went to meet those coming from the camps and settlements, and with them were a copule of six-pounders to do effective It was just dawn when Cody, who was leading, sent back word by one of the | scouts that the Indians were coming and in rapid retreat, and at once the com mand proceeded to pounce upon them. The Indians advancing up the valley showed by their rapid retreat that they had also been surprised at the camps and settlements, and beaten uff. But they hoped that their main force had cap tured the fort, and they were hastening to join them, when suddenly in the gTey dawn of day they saw red flames shoot out from the dark timber ahead, the roar of cannon was heard, then shells burst in their midst, followed by the; rattle of two-hundred carbines. ■ Ere they could colect their scattered senses the bugle sounded the charge, and the troopers dashed out of the timber, and with sabre and revolver were upon them. Then followed a wild stampede, and to add to their horrors, the leaden clouds overhead began to send down snowy flakes, while the wind rising warned the troopers that they must re treat rapidly to the fort. “Chief Cody bids me say, sir, that he will pursue with his scouts, and Lieu tenant Seaford will accompany him, sir,” reported a courier to Captain Taylor, who commanded the troopers. “ All right ; but I h poe that they will not venture far, as we are to have another bliz zard,” responded Taylor; and with his dead and wounded, who were few he retreated to the fort, carrying the news that had come to him from the settle ments and camps, .that, thanks to the warning sent them, the miners and settlers had readily beaten off the at tacking red-skihs. The troopers reached the post in a blinding snowstorm, and all day a watch was kept for the return of Cody and his But darkness came on and they did not appear, and just at midnight a shout was heard without ,and there stood a scout, who reported Lieutenant Seaford and Cody either killed or captured, and the scouts in camp awaited to be sent from the post. 