SHOCKING OUTRAGE AT LEICHHARDT. BUMBLEDOM, BUTCHERY AND BURGLARY. The Stinkman's Slaughter TH1KTY-FOUK GOATS GKVE VP THE GHOST. A Case ' ' and 111© S. - DtrsiNG the past twj yturj, Truth has ex posed the many ways iu which ruffians, dressed in brief authority, bully and tyrannise over poor and humble, if honest and respectable, persons. But it ie doubt, fui whether in its tilt against oppression and robbery it has brought to light a worse outrage than was perpetrated on Thursday night week (9th inst.) or Friday morning, in that quarter of Leichhardt that adjoius Caliau Park and Lily field. Mr James Deas. a respectable news vendor, residing at 353 Balmain Hoad, went to bed on Thursday night after he had as usaal shut up two goats in an outhouse. Next morning he found that this outhouse had been tampered with, and the goats were missing. Another person, residing a few doors away, looked up an invalid goat oa | Thursday night to find it missing on Friday morning. The weather being wet, the ground showed signs of strange foot-marks on both sides of the yard fence, about 5ft 6in high, as if considerable effort had been need in lifting the goat orcr. Before breakfast time on Friday there was general tribulation, for it became ap parent that a sweeping slaughter of goats had taken place in tho neighborhood. It also transpired that the animals had not voluntarily given up the ghost, but were slaughtered at the behest of the Leichhardt Couucii by the local Stinkmun, euphemis tically known aB 4 The Inspector of Nuisances,' aided by three hired Fench men. It may be mentioned this quarter of Leichhardt is the haven of nearly all the ' ituu* iscw ua:eaoma wno manage to reach Now South Wales. Whether the j employment of such agents had any connec tion with tho burglarise mentioned, cannot at present be ciearjy ascertained. Outside mere rumour there was shocking evidence oi the outrage which had taken place. Hideoua bellowings and blcatingo were heard during the nigac by people then unaware of what was going on. In a stuali garden, bounded by Carring ton-street and Helen&'Strcet, abuut twenty yards, off the Baimain-road were ample traces of the bloody deed. All over the place were poois ot blood, each betokeniug that a goat had given up the ghost. There was one large pool with a small one cloao by, the dole remains of a canny and ber kiJ, born two days before. When the writer visiied the locality at 9 a.m. on Friday tho sight was as pathetic as gruesome. Little ^iils and boys woie mourning with tears in their evei ovsr the loss ot their pets ; the anguish of iheir | mothers, if less evident, was deeper because breakfast milk was missing that moruiug. Ihe sight was so disgusting as to alarm even the callous stinkman. When the writer visited the place in the evening the pools of j blood were covered over with earth. Early I in the forenoon, a man had come along with a shovel and removed as far as possible all traces of tbe bloody midnight's work. When asked for his name, this fellow refused and said that ' whatever he was doing was by authority.' Nice authority truly 1 Xo the writer s knowledge this garden for months past has been a dormitory for goats; Tne pools of blood proved that the animals were not straying , Anyone could see tnat the poor creatures were done to death in tueic sleep, irrespective of the two cases of burglary mentioned above, the whola transaction bears the siamp of illegality. if the goats were a nuisance— all goats are more or less— -wore there no other means of suppressing it? For instance, there is a public pound within half a mac. Why weren't tho owners warned so that they could sell the goats, or take other precau tions. If au ordinary person is not allowed to kill a lamb without a license, whj woe atinkiaan allowed to conduct a whclesaU slaughter in a populous neighborhood. Ae nothiug was leu except; the biool, people want to know how the carcases weredisposed o£. The killing was done ' Kosher* style Does Stinkman like venison t It he does, then one of the billygoats slaughtered must hare tasted high enough to satisfy tho moat fastidious guurmet, Are goatskins, aoofB, etc., which have a price iu the open market, to be reckoned among the Stinkman's per quisites? When Mr Deas, the newsagent already mentioned, drew Stinkman's at'entien to the burglary, this malodorous bumble stated that the goats were fonnd under the verandah. Mr Deas denies this Anyway, would it not be fairer to have warned him. Is a goat sleopmg under its owner s veran dah suoh a terrible object ? When the other person drew the attention of the local policeman to the second burglary, he laughed, said the whole affair was per fectly lawful, .and that the sick goat must have jumped the oft tiJn fence. This is how a 'trap ' regards serious crime and expounds the law. Stops are being taken to bring the burglaries un*er the notice of the Inspec tor General of Police and the attention of the S P 0 A is to be directed to the wholesale brutal goat slaughter, as far as the writer knows the goats did no« - thing to justify such bloody business. They occasionally wandered on a shabby genteel tennis-ground used by people who have a ' pull ' over the council. If the goats wero a nuisance thera was a pound half a mile away aud othor rnaaus of suspression, short of burglary and Slaughter, ' Above all there are other fields for Stinkmau's detective nose and official energy, such as decaying vegetables, pig genes and slaughter houses, while near where the goats were slaughtered perhaps tha worst brothel and duorderly h-.u»Q in Australia bas long besn tolerated without | hindrance from the gentle Stinkmun. The ! writer has purchased bacon around that district which was alive with maggots, and smelt like the crater of a volcano. Why doesn't tho Leichhardt Council put the new Health Act iu force against sued emelfui nuisances The poor goats injured nobody except the milkman from whom the poor goat owners must now bay tbeir diluted tea coloring ; but their owners were ail poor and friendlefs people, and consequently a safo mark for tyranny and slaughter. At the Lciohhardt Council meeting on Monday night the matter was brought up by irate ratepayers, when the additional in formation was adducsd that small boye had been paid a 'scalp royalty' for every goat they rounded up for slaughter on that dreadful night of butchery. Little woadei the whole neighborhood was raided, and the most exclusive aud secluded of nannies stolen— yes, Mr Nuisance Inspector, stolen, for that animals forcibly carried from a private enclosure are stolen, not even you. ! can deny. In the bad old days of New Sonth Wales rthe Governor issitid an edict proclaiming -that he would mulot 'two pounds of meat from every overseer and one and a-half from every convict (male and female) who does not attend Divine service, unless prevented by illness or other sufficient cause. They have got a Maori chemist at Wangaaqi, aod report says the dusky S^uiiU taken to the profession like his forefather* took to roast loin of slave-girL What a pity so fine a raoe should be dying oat so fast. This young Maori under notico is also studying to - be a doctor — tlio Ur^t of liis race, barring j the ancieut, unqualified and generally j ^olignant '£ohuuga8» j 