HOSPITAL ENTERTAINIIENT. As was generally anticipated, the a above entertainment was an unquali- c fiod success in every respect. Rarely c h's the Shire-hall contained such ac large gathering as assembled within I its walls on Friday evening last. r The front seats were crowded, the gal lery packed almost to suffocation point, i and the back seats displayed but few c vacant places. This must have been very gratifying to the performers, and 1 also to the promoters, of the entertain- 1 ment, who spared neither time nor a trouble in attaining this successful c end. Particularly must it have been i pleasing to Mrs. Scale who was the t prime mover in organising the afihir and, since its inception has used every endeavor to accomplish what she do sired, viz., the raising of a substantial I sum in aid of the Alexandra hospital I funds. We congratulate her on the success of her philanthrophic efforts, which is fully deserved. Over £20 has been raised which, in the depleted state of the hospital's credit account, will be heartily welcome. Coming to the performance itself, it i .,can only :e-he.diliominated a gigantiec success.i We do "6ti?w-?h?h=t?-O o' sidered fulsome, but cannot " damn i with faint praise" an entertainment c of such undoubted excellence as was t presented to the public on this occa sion. Novel in its nature, various in its parts, and high class in its items, a it must be designated as one of the best night's amusement ever witnessed I in our town. : The first part was aptly described in its title "Rippling Water." Who ever originated the name must be con- t gratulated on the happy choice. From Smedley to finale it rippled along. Mr. H. M'Cann as interlocutor, performed his arduous duties with 'genius and skill, displaying a decided natural ap titude for the position. We believe it was his initial appearance, but can safely paedict it will not he the last. Messrs. 0. Scale and W\\. Hamilton (hones and tambo) speedily had the audience with them, the various gags and conundrums being highly appre ciated, while the many whiimsicalities of the ebony. performers caused un Iounded amusement for the many pre sent. That we have embryo Whit burns, Jainiings or Cogills in our midst cannot he doubted after seeing these burnt cork artists. Taking the performance seriatum, the medley by the company was a re velation to the majority in the hall who were quick to show their appre ciation by vociferous applause. Mr. Gordon followed with "They all love Jack." He was hardly in as goaod voice as usual in this song, ,but made ample amends for it in his subsequent efforts. Mr. Whiting is so deservedly popular'as a vocalist, that it is no sur prise that his selection, "Come where miy love lies dreaming," deimande-d an encore, whichl however, was not re ' -spoialdeld" to' M " ?,i. llii iltoai i,"". the comic song, " She was in imiy class," was very successful. This was his first appearance in Yea, and judging by the applause tendered he will be come a strong favorite at future local gatherings. "Susie Ou," by Miss Whiting, with chorus by Mrs. Gordon, 'Messrs. Whiting and Gordon, was ex cellently rendered, aind a recall was insisted on. The serio-comic song bly Mr. Wadstrum was given in good style. The extremely natural manner in which lie handled the imaginary bahy 'iidicates strongly that he is lost as a haichelor. Mr. Webher's clog dance raised the entire audience to a pitch of intense enthusiasm. From chairs to gallery there was a unani mous :encore,, which was responded to. That-Mr.: Webber possesses great skill as a. dancer was patent'to even the uninitiated, and :his clog and sailor's hornpipe were features of the entertainment. ' Mr.. Leslie. Brown, another old friend; is,an 'entreponetir new to Yea audiences, but' his planti tion song, 1 Travelling back'to Dixie," sungin' character,- was rendered with exquisite feeling and good effect.: He was' loudly recalled at 'its close aind gave as his second number,: " Polly Wolly Doodle." "Mr. MalBI inm was in good voice with his " Elsie of, the Glen."- 'It was rendered clearly; ex pressively, and artistically, and well deserved the encore received. He gave in response " Come- into the garden Moud," which was fully equal to his first effort. The trio, "The Laughing Gipsies," by Miss Whiting and Mr. and Mrs. Gordon was greatly enjoyed by the house. It was given in excellent style, and provoked great merriment, many present involuntarily joining in the chorus. To please the audience the last verse was repeated. Mr. O. Scale fairly brought down the house with the " Whistling Coon," and there is not the slightest doult the applause was richly deserved. Mr. Scale's talents as an entertainer are of a versatile nature, but in each of them he is a thorough success. As a comic singer his peers among amateurs are few. As an encore he sang " TwsS Mine," and had to return in reply to a unanimous recall and repeat the last verse. The finale, "Elsie's Ghost," was well put on the board by Messrs. Webber, Hamilton and Scale, and brought the most enjoyable first part to a close amid shrieks of laughter. Miss .Whiting and Mr. Gordon opened the second part withl the duet, "The Singing Lesson." The combined singing and acting necessary to the correct interpretation of the piece were both excellent. Miss Whiting's sweet voice and artistic training were heard to great advantage, while Mr. Gordon's fine bass voice was used to good effect. In the sailor's hornpipe MIr. Webber repeated his former suc cess. We have frequently seen the Shornpipe danced but never so corr"ctly as by Mr. Webber. The time was per fect and the steps accurate. It was also noticeable that the correct sailor's costume was worn. Mr. Webber was obliged to answer to an encore and, even at its close, the audience testified by their applause that more would be acceptable. The quartette by Mrs. Gordon, Miss Whiting, Messra. Whit ing and Gordon, was a really high class performance, and earned hearty plaudits from all. The popular taste was hit by the topical duet (Messrs. Hamilton and Scale). Mr. Hamilton made an exceedingly sprightly young damsel. The lively "'go" of the music and the local "hits" were unanimously appreciated, aid an en core was insisted on. This number was undoubtedly one of the features of the entertainment, and fittingly brought the vocal portion of the night's amusement to a close. The farcial comedy " Brown the Martyr," was well staged. Miss Whiting, Mr. F. G. Purcell and Mr. O. Scale who sustained the 'various characters, all showed histrionic ability far beyond the average. Miss Whit ing as Mrs. Brown who is troubled withl ajealous husband was very effec cause for jealousy, .and then, when discovered in a compromising situation to award him well-merited punishment were both skillfully portrayed. Mr. Scale as Mr. Topperton the artist gave a skilful delineation of the character. His distress when forced into a flirta tation with Mrs. Brown in the presence of her husband, was decidedly clever. When he realised her intention and, entering into the humor of the situa tion, decides to aid her in giving her husband cause for jealousy, as well as in tile scenes with Mr. Brown,' his acting was equally good. Mr. F. G. Purcell gave an admirable portrayal of the jealous huslband. Yea audiences have frequently had tile pleasure of seeing his interpretation of various characters, but never before has he acted with more conspicuous skill and ability. The truth that jealousy fre quently inflicts unnecessary pain was well delineated by tha manner in which he acted. The meanness of jealousy inl stealthily prying, aind the wrong interpretation of innocent action accentuated. His"by play when seated on the heated stove was especially good antd, in the make-up scene with Mrs. Brown, he was particularly effective. The piece was well-received by the audience, and jutdging by the applause a repetition of the comedy will be hailed with pleasure. Throughout the entertainment Mrs Waddell performed the arduous duties of accompanist in a manner that won for her the congratulations of both audience and performers. Nothing so assists the correct remlition of a song or adds to the chairm for the listener as a sv'np.:lhetic . accompanimnent. That this was supplied ly Mrs. Wad ldell was evidtnt to all, lut when one tti-.e:mheram-what-a- fi6nished artist she is, this is no matter for surprise. At the close of the performance a coffee supper h.ll in tlte council chaih hers, was w'ell pattronisd. The I provisions were kindly donated by the ladies of Yea and district. 