ONE THING AND ANOTHER. One evening recently two amateur musicians in Pontefrset were engaged playing piano and violin duets, when they became aware of a mysterious and unrehearsed oblijjato, which did not enhance the charm of their playing. It was so like the agitated mewing of a eat that they stopped the performance and searched the room. But no pussy could they discover. They resumed their duet, which soon resolved itself into a trio again. Fancying the feline melody came from the piano itself, they opened the instrument, and there found that the cat from an empty house next door had turned the interior of the piano into a nursery for two kittens which it had deposited there. The United States army hospital ship Kelief is equipped with a complete x-ray outfit donated by the General Electric Company. This apparatus, it is now stated, must be credited with a large part of the success in performing operations on those soldiers dangerously wounded. In almost all the" cases of complicated wounds the x-ray apparatus has been used to locate the bullet or to determine the nature of bone fracture, usually with a high degree of success. Seventy-five radiographs have been taken by D-. W. M. Gray, ox the Relief, and will be forwarded to Surgeon General Sternberg at Washington. One of the most interesting of these radiographs traces the course of a bullet which struck a private in the region of the right elbow. The picture shows that its course was up the right arm, across the chest, and down the leftarm, finally stopping in the left forearm, the bone of wbieh it broke. The sureeons of the Relief are enthusiastic in praise of the aid rendered l>y the x-ray outfit. SVe believe that after this experiment no nation will ever again go to war without equipping its army with one or more hospital ships and providing them with a full complement of x-ray apparatus. An English paper, ll'av-', gives the following speeds per seco; ad :—The snail, one half-inch ; a man walking, 4ft. ; a fast runner, 23ft. ; i fly, 24ft.; a fast skater, 3Sft. ; a carrier pigeon, S7ft. : locomotive—sixty miles an hour—SSft. ; swallows, 220ft. ; the worst cyclone known, SSOft. ; the Krakaioa wave—at the volcanic catastrophe of 27th August, 1SS3, in the Sunda Islands—940ft. ; the surface of the gloats on sea level at the eouator, 1,500ft. ; the moon, 3,250ft. ; the sun, 5| miles : the earth, IS miles ; Hallev's comet in the perihelion, 235 7,000 miles ; induction current, 11,040 miles : electric current in copper wire armatuies, 21,000 miles : light, 180,000 miles: discharge of a Leyden jar through copper wire one-six teenth of an inch in diameter, 277,100 mile, which is «ud to have been the highest velocity measured. Archduke Heinrich of Austria, it is related in the Cotyt*'- desiring to marry 31iss Leopoldine Hoffmann, against the will ci the Emperor, hit upon the expedient of arranging for the " passive assistance" of a priest, who the Emperors anger. So the Archduke gave a banquet, to which he invited the priest. After the soup had been served he rose in his place, on which the guests expected a toast. But the Archduke, pointing to Miss Leopoldine Hoff mann, pronnounced slowly and solemnly the words, "Host Reverend, this is my wife." Miss Hoifmann immediately rose in her turn, and said, ' •' This is my husband.'-" According to the theory of "passive assistance'' in Germany and Austria, these words, spoken before a priest, rendered tiie marriage of the pair valid and sacranientaliy concluded. The Emperor was said to be ex tremely astonished, but could do nothing, for the Church says : " What God has joined, let no man put asunder.'1 miles ; electric current on wires, _i.se Dj.\ly Chrvr.ic'.i ask;—His sn Av^?"tn.ira detective any right to arre=t a Isdy in London, at the in-Tigation of her husband, who is in Austria, pay Her bills, asd forcibly start- her on her journey home ? Tbe lady propcssd to discuss this question with Mr. De Kutzen. She Had heard that England was a country where ■wives eould er»ioy a little liberty. All the liberty she wanted was to remain here longer thin her husband desired, tor the purpose of improving hcr mind. There are many useful things to be seen in London, and she felt that she had not examined a tithe of them. Wliy should even the most dutiful wife be abducted by a detective before she has exhausted the delights of Madame Tussaua;s? So this Austrian Dame wanted Mr. De Rutzen to write an explanation to her husband and ask him for a little money. The magistrate had to admit 'with pain that this kind of conciliation was no part of his office. But may a foreign detective pack this iady*"s boxes and carry"her off against her will from the shelter of the Union -Tack If so, •what is the use of pretending that England is an asylum for deserving refugees J Referring to challenge cups, shields, and trophies generally, Mr. C. R. Ashbee writes in the following strain to the Art Journal:— It would tax the wit of Panurge to explain ■why, in the revival of metal work nowadays, the grim convention cf the necessary ugliness and commercial value in the ordinary Challenge Cap should still hold snc-h sway over the athletic mind- A trophy, it appears, must be of silver, and must be executed " according to the traditions of the ancient Chinese School," that is to say, " the Trade," in the strict acceptation of the term. A work of art, however modest, is for the most part, it seems, incompatible with athletic aspirations; we must have shiny silver, either bulky, or appa rently bulky,' and this silver must be duly scrabbled over with the patterns of tbe un known ana untrained Ghost who works for the Cheapside shop. Athens gave her ath letes a crown of olive, but we give ours a badly spun and intrinsically - useless lump of silver, upon which we ineribe names and dates in the various types selected from a printers catalogue. My plea here is that the trophy shall be regarded as a work of art, and tliat we shall throw Dagon on his face. My remarks are, therefore, addressed mainly to the bene volent people who »irh to appear as donors of cups, and to suggest that they shall in future spend their money not- at the ordinary silver smith's shop, but go to Mr. Fisher, Mr. Nelson Dawson, Mr. Albert Gilbert, Mr. Frampton, or to other workers in metal who have the interest and the beauty of thetrophyat heart, and will give it a character of itsowajto do this, however, they must abandon their conventional ideal. Henley, Bisley, Epsom, Oxford, and Cambridge, the Public Schools, the Board S:hools, and every swimming, football, cric-ket, racquet, and tennis club in England, might hand down an honorable name for itself if it devoted its few sovereign1; in varying degree? to the making of a work of a:t rather than to the purchasing of a piece of mere u^ly bullion. 