CHAPTEJ. XX1L—THE "MAID* OF . , THE MOtTXTAtNS. niad?" . - • . Vi- as B>irt Braxton's query when ** y**' Monarch ol the Mountains away out of earshot, his rifle upon * S3 °u! | 3er. as though he was going to look for ae, human or other- ^ girl at tl'-o question answered quk'Uy: " arid nn_" ** *. yho her- - ' The- Monarch of the Mountains, as "l—^1*" 3 nini call himself." h ;iat is he?" 'A man without mercj-," wag the low ' ^"'i: does lie do?" . jjivr^; with one aim in life •'•-r.d lhat is " \- -r. . ^aSt and find out." » " l " you?" .''^hat do you mean?" " - '^'ho are vou?" f? o ' Julito." • * "^re you his daughter?"' fi^rf Z' r ! pIac « d her Sneer upon her' ^ SUeDCe ' bUt Łhe yoans re y^ his daughter?" Iieard what he said." 's no ans w-er." give no other." Sim r 1^ Wm once brfort - aud rescued ^ rrom some men who would have him. I am tlad that he rememthe act or I shouia have shared •v Poor companion's fate." . w "Well. .. - res. —» I recall Dow "wn- that umt yon savaJ me. and I' y we before he recognised L *Ho°l could m> - de<;f>est not see e^tudfi.' father kill Jon" j [ Sue' said the words lo a way iijat niaflfe' 408 the young man regard: her nvith etin deeper interest, aid he added: "Well, but-for you he would have dona so." ' "Why did you come here?" "I will tell you frankly, for . I feel that r can. I aro, =as I. said, -a settler Sown on the pialne between the ranges. I.am alone in the worii I .knocked . about' until T: came out here and put the little monc-S' I had' in ćastUe and- a frontierhome. "- . "I had several cowboys on the ranche, one of whom your father killed. He tv-as an old bordemian, and I believe had teen a rather hard citizen; for when anyone came to my ranche lie went into hiding. But he served me well, and when my horse was killed in an Indian fight six months ago. he risked his life to come back and save me, and did. "Well, he told me one day a secret, and lhat was that Major Gunnison and his.men, who were murdered years ago, or at least never heard of, had found a gold mine "somewhere in these mountains. and the Indians, led by white men, had massacred them a"l." "Tins man. Buck Birney. said that he could lead me to where the mine was, and so I started with him. His greatest fear seemed to be of a w<urd creature, said to be the spirit of the dead major, that guarded the mine, and known as the Ghost of the Mountains, for it had been seen by many persons. "He also told me that the outlaws knr.wn as the Midnightei-s had their retreat in the mountains.and though mak- ing raids upon the trails and settlements from time to time, were constantly on the search Cor this mine; so we had them i to dread as well as the Guardian Ghost! or Spectre Sentinel of the mine, as he also spoke of this pretended weird'creature. "Well, we had got up into thejmountains, and that he Knew the way I was sure from the manner in which be led me along the trails. He had evidently been here before. As he urged it, I consented, if held up, to offer no resistance at e first and take our chances of escape afterwards. When we were held up you were the one, fair Zulita '" "Sister, you know, I am to be." "Ah, yes; I shall so consider you. Now 1 have told you my story, so tell me who you are." "I do not know." "Why are you here?" "I cannot tell you." "Or will not?" *1 cannot." " Are there others here besides that man and the two~ijf us?" "So living ones." And she spoke in^i. tone that was fun of awe, and caused the young'rahchero to mutter: "I believe the pair of them are mad. How long have you been here?" "I do not know " "Answer me one question." "Yes." "Do you wish to remain here?" "Yes." "And this is your home oń this moun- tain-top?" "To-day it is; to-morrow we have another home." "Where?" "Down in the valley?" "What valley?" "Call it the Valley of Death,"' she said, impressively, and then added quickly: "But you are to help, and you can do much good, and will, I know. I will tell you what you are to do, and maybe some time all this life will end, for you can do what I cannot, for I am only a girl." "Yes, but a brave one I recall, v.-hen I think how you roped Buck and me In, and called our old daddy down when he wanted to kill me," laughed the young ranchero. CHAPTER rml.-THE EKTCTKN OF THE FRIENDS. There was much anxiety fell at Barrier Post at the continued absence of Códy and the Surgeon Scout, . wiio had gone to look the chief of scouts up.. The winter,' ever variable in that region, was coming on early.and threatened to be very cojd and severe. Its dangers would be added to those of redskins and outlaws all at the fort knew, and the dread was that the two pards would get snowed in. The scouts were getting anxious for their chief,and the one in charge of them in Cody's absence was urging the colonel to allow him to go out with a dozen men in search of Cod J,- and the Surgeon Scout, it being foucd that the two men had not met But just as the colonel gave permission there swept down upon the fort a blinding blizzard, and all knew that they must await for it to felow over ere they departed on the trail of rescue. In the midst of the blizzard, -when the sentinels were now shielding themselves from its fury, there rode up to the stockade gate two' horsemen, muffled in blankets, and leading a pack-horse. At first? the sentinel supposed they •were red-sldns, driven to shelter by the blizzard, but a stem voice -commanded "Open the gate, sentinel: I am Surgeon Powell." At once the gate was thrown open, and the two blanket-enveloped forms rode directly to headquarters, where their horses were given in charge of a soldier, while they entered the warm room in which sat Colonel Ferris.- "Powell ana Cody? Beaven knows I am glad to see you! But you are halffrozen;" and the colonel ordered hot drinks immediately, and. easy-chairs were drawn up for the two pards before the fire, upon which several logs -were piled. "So you found Cody, doctor?" -•"Yes, Colonel—or, rather, no, sir, for he found me." e "We were mo^t anxious abou- yon both, and but for this storm a party would have been sent for you." "Yes, colonel; and in spite, of the storm we must go out in it again, sir. If we wish to accomplish a great good. "II "would be madness." "Oh, no, sir; for Cody knows the trail well, and his men are hardy- fellows, and picked soldiers will also be glad to go. We could have stayed in tlze pine thickets, well sheltered, until the storm was over, ..sir. ..only kne^r^tiov r iinportenV-51 was for TIS to cbme'in and start ;back with a Torce,-and ;we, ćan/tbake a good camp by nigłtt. -where TC ' sp'ent laśt night, ana left -our "1Br&burning-; for our .return." • .'/' "But, Pówell, whiat is it that calls for this risk?" "Cocly Trill tell you, sir, for lie knows more about St than I do." - "G»ałiead, -Cody, and let me hear all:" and the colonel turned to Cody, "who quickly told the story of his long trail, the finding of the swinging bridge, the: dud upon It, Ihow be was guided by the outlaw's horse to the retreat of the Midnighters, and what had followed. . When he had related his -escape, by following tlie weird guide, and thus come upon Surgeon Powell, the latter broke: In witti his story, and told -of his killing one of the outlaws -who hai ambushed him, and Low. Cody, had saved him from tlie prisoner, adding • -"J-śow. colonel. If we push back at once we shall catch the whole-gang to their retreat, which we can reach to-; Jnorron bright, crossing She stream upon_ the ice for it will be frozen oyer by this cold weather, l am sure.*' \- "Yes, Colonel Ferris, %vje -cat}Jriake a „clean sweepSSagth^ "ŁKdnSghtets, and. •gSt ... back . . to <tbe " fort - fire -<or six. udays," laddeA Cody ^iirt^tett Sfe^Wtent^a^reał® come st once to headquarters, and also Nick Korcross, Cody's lieutenant of scouts. . t Then Colonel Ferris asked : "Now, Cody, tell roe what you make out. of your spectre guide." do iiot know, sir." . "Dld you speak to him?" ""Yes, sir, -but got no replies save a sign for silence, and a waving of the hands." . "He did mot speak?" Only wbien be reached the stream and saw thai it was not frozen so'lld as he had expected, but-was full of blocks of ice, and then I heard the words : " 'The swift current has broken the Ice.' " "That was all'" "Yes, sir." "But he led you across?" "He did,'sir." "And you .=a\y tiiis ghostly form, too. Surgeon Powell?" "Yes, sir, with Cody in full chase, and . I intended to bring down the white horse, and thus capture the rider, when my prisoner prevented, as I told you, sir." "This is remarkable, and chimes in with the weird tales told of a wandering spirt seen in the mountains, a ghost on horseback, and the stories of tlie Haunted Fori- For our own credit, we must clear up these weird mysteries. Ah, here is the adjutant." Nick Korcross, the scout, followed close on the heels of the adjutant, and after all had held a consultation of fif- teen minutes, it was decided, that a dozett scouts and twenty-four cax-alry- roen, under two officers,' aad.s Vompanied by Surgeon Powell and fcody, should start lor tlie outlaw retreat. An hour after, two-score horsemen, mufSed head and body, rode out of the post with half a dozen pack-horses, facing the terrible blizzard, to run down the lawless band of Miduighiers: CHAPTER XXn - .—THE U NEBBING GUIDE. It was with ominous forebodings that Colonel Ferris saw the party of brave men riding away from the fort in the teeth of a blinding blizzard. But he had the most perfect confidence in Cody as a guide, and one to sunnautit all difficulties, and he knew well that Surgeon Powell was another of the same sort. Consequently, to accomplish so much good as the wiping out of the band of Midnighters, he had allowed them lo take the risk. He had ordered no man. to "go, scout or soldier, but had.asked for volunteers, and a dozen officers had been anxious u> join t&e; expedition; but Códy ana the •Surgeon Scout had both asked, the colonel to s'elect Lieutenant Edwin Emory and another young officer by the name of Hugh Seaford. So they were accepted, and calling for volunteers from their separate troops, they quickly secured them. It was the same Tvay with the scouts —when volunteers were called for, wished to go; but Nick Norcross picked the men- whom Cody had suggested to him. They all knew what they had to face, so fitted out accordingly, and the packhorses were laden with all that was needed for cold and hungry men and to protect them from the storm, while heavy blankets -were carried for the horses, pine knots to quickly kindle fires, and canvas shelters for the men. All a± the post saw the men ride forth with a dread that they were going their death; but many faced the bitter storm to give them a cheer, and they rode away on the march looking in reality like Indian braves, muffled "up as -they were, rather than troopers and scouts. But. one cry of alarm would have quickly made them forget the cold and strip for battle. * In such a blinding storm, of course, no -trail could 'be seen to' follow, that left; hy Surgeon. Powell and, Cody having been quickly obliterated. All depended upon the chief of scouts' unerring skill in finding his way, iio matter what the -weather or how dense the darkness. Leading the party Cody held straight to his course, and though there were those with him.-who often felt that he was at fault, he held straight on. Darkness fell, but still the unerring undaunted guide did not waver, and when all had begun to feel that he surely could not be going right, there loomed up ahead the black mountain range. ' But had he struck the mountain at the place he had intended? was.the question asked in whispers. This was soon answered by seeing the black walls of difES rising upon either side, and Surgeon Powell said aloud, so that the men could hear : "We are in the canyon, Seaford, and the camp where we passed last night is not half a mile ahead." The men gave expression to a murmur of delight, and could hardly restrain from a cheer for Cody, their unerring guide- But discipline prevailed, and those who in their cold and dread had grum bled and said that he was wrong were now ashamed of themselves and loudest to sing the scout's praises. "We shall find a good fire there, I know; for we built fires under a fallen tree, and even this storm has not put them out," Surgeon Powell added, and the men were further cheered. "It is a^good. camping ground, thai, Powell?"' Lieutenant Seaford asked. "Yee, indeed; for it'is sheltered by the cliffs from the north wind, and right in a pine thick etch thebanks ot a. iittle stream, "with meadow 'land' upon either side. We must feed the horses with oats, to-night a3id blanket them well, and they will be very comfortable in the pines," continued Surgeon Powell. ' "A good supper -will soon make us all forget our sufferings, and then one and iall of us can turn into our blankets, for tfaere:wil] beno need of sentinel duty tońight,''~r«n^rfred''ijieutehant -Ulmory, and Surgeon Powell added: "No; the.storm4s all we have to fear, and I am afraid it is going to keep up for several days." "If it does, it wiU make us more sere of finding the outlaws, for they will not expect an attack in this weather, nor will they leaias .their -camp." ; **Y<ra are;ri^it. Seaford.." But see, our tree is burning biightly. for sou see the ^eflectian <«£ ^yonder;" Powell pointed on .ahead Tto /where; a .gleam o£3Sglit ghońe through 'the storm of on the right. ' Then j?u<i4eniy Cody halted, and when the command came up to him lie remarked In a low tone : "There is jour ,camping, place. Lieutenant Seaford; but,. as you see, others are there before us." . CHAPTER' XXV.—A NIGHT FIGHT IN A BLIZZARD. The "words "of Cody could not but startle all of the command—officers, sol-: diers and scouts.- 'But there was no doubting his words, and, halting, ^-the men awaited further -developments. Surgetm Powell and Lieutenant Sealord rode to the frcmt and joined Cody. The three moved ahead slcrwly, and then the scout - dismounted and .went forward on foot. All was silence and suspense for some fifteen minutes. Then Cbdy returned, and the three mdeJ&ack-to; the comjnand The wind jxojfried savagely, Sfcftfcnow, iSrove in »£ldefct-eddies and.yas as cutj ltinjr®s a&n;!Ge. !Ehe STOnnd«as covered a foot deep xrUh. jsmnr. the Enfrarnfnl soughing jof jtlil ^fl in the Jiihes pitiful to>jir, !' There wasWneea of epec*a! caution' then, for whether friends orfoes held the < camp they would not be on the look-out for danger on such a night. ) Then all heard the report of Cody. "The camp is occupied, and by Indians," he said. "They a.-e huddled close about the fires, and have -their ponies near at hand. The blizzard overtook them', and, fortunately for -them, they j found our camp-fire of last night,, and have a fire going at full blast." •How many are there, Cody?" asked Surgeon Powell. 'I counted a hundred, ana there may toe more lying about in their blankets that I could not see. though I guess they are few, most of them crowding about the fires." Then there is but one tiling for us to do, Cody," said Lieut. Seaford, who was always full of fight, and one of the most dashing officers in the army. "Fight them, sir?" "Yes. Cody." "Certainly, though I am sorry it must be so." "Why sorry?" "Well, sir, we shall drive the poor devils off in small parties to freeze." Yes, that I dislike to do, but whait else can be done?" "Nothing else; and "we are not so sure of driving them, for, imprisoned though they will be, they will at once realise their danger and make a desperate stand of it, and being so near the fort, the band doubtless is composed of picked braves well armed." "They would listen to no terms?" •'No, indeed, sir. We must iight.them, though we can but pity them. Still, preservation is the first law of nature, •and we shall freeze, if we stay here, and I do not see "how we can find another camp—in fact, sir, the men would get too cold to build fires." "Then fight it is, Cody; so what have you to suggest! for you know the lay of the land about the camp?" "1 would suggest, sir. That we advance in line down the valley, on each side of the stream—the scouts on each wing, the soldiers in the centre. Let us get as near the camp as we can before firing, and then fire at 'the word and charge, the men keeping well together. Wo are forty-three all told, and with a surprise should be able to whip five times our force, and I know they are not over three to one; but they'll fight hard, sir, for to be driven off means death to many of tliem by freezing." "Your plan is a good one, Cody, and shall be followed. Ready for' action, men, and yoii must stand the cold while fighting, so put aside your outer wraps," ordered the lieutenant; and he threw" oft his storm-cloak and was stripped for the fray. The men were soon ready—Cody on one wing, Surgeon Powell, on the other, scouts next to each other, then the soldiers, with Lieutenants Seaford and Emory leading the centre. The pack-horses were under the care of the negro cook of Lieutenant Seaford. who was a brave and reliable man, and could handle a rifle welL He was to follow some distance in the rear, and the bugler was to remain with him and sound his bugle loudly after the first fire, and then move up, along- with the pack-horses, as though reinforcements were coming. They soon came in fuli sight of the fires, and saw their foes about them. On they" moved, silent as phantoms, and were within one hundred yards of the fires when Lieutenant Seaford gave the order to fire. Forty rifles and carbines flashed together, cheers of the soldiers and the yells of the scouts rent the air, aind the battle in a blizzard at night was begun. (To be continued.) 