THE FLOODS IN THE BRAIDWOOD DISTltlCT. BRAIDWOOD AND ENVIRONS. The weather took up on Wednesday. After a fine warm day on Tuesday a thunderstorm broke over the district on Tuesday cveuing, the rain falling in torrentB for eeveral hours. The gauge at the Post Office on Wednesday morning registered 180 points, making a total of 12-31 points since the previous Saturday. The liedcrvalt gauge gave the rainfall up to Wednesday at 1652 points. The immense volume of water which was brought down by the rains between Saturday and Moudav nighta was altogether unparalleled iu the district during the time. Ever, the big flood of 1860, the highest that was ever known here, when there were so many lives lost and so much damage done at Araluen, Little River nod other gold fields upon which there were thousands of men then engaged in mining, was very littln if any higher than the flood at the beginning of thia week, as I he rain at that time lasted a week, while it all fell on this occasion in little more than 48 hours, with the exception of some 10 points on Thursday and Friday. According to the gauge at Bedervale, which is always very carefully kept by Mr. C. Maddrell, there were 140 points on Sunday morning, 900 on Monday, 430 on Tuesday, and 171 on Wednesday which was the quantity which fell io about 2 hours ODtil 11 p.m. on Tuesday during the heavy thunderstorm. From Sunday morning until Tues day morning oearly IS inches fell, and at Mongar lowe, Monga, and Reidadale the fall greatly exceeded this, and it is estimated that it was fully up to what fell in Araluen up to Monday morning, 27J inches, without reckonlog the thund»retorm on Tuesday night. Gellamatong Creek waa a roaring torrent fnsteud of a small meandering brook as it usaally is. It rose 18ft and on Monday roorniog the waters came galloping along like a racehorse, rolling over in foam-erected waves like the aogry ocean. The Chinese garden just abnve the town was washed clean out, not only of all the vegetables which were growing so prolifically, notwithstanding the drought by the aid of irrigation, but of most of ite soil as wtll. The feocing on either side from Monkittee to the Shoalhaven River was swept away like thistledown on the face of tlie waters, and along with cattle and horses which came within reach of the swollen stream, waa the nightsoil cart of the Municipal Council, which, alter being entangled in the ftumiug and other timber carried away from the Colombo Co's race, goc free again and was afterwards seen riding the wavea about a mile above inB v» nrn nrioge in a mucn more graceful manner than that in which it did its work on shore, its wbeela going round like the paddles wbeelB of a steamer. The last that was seen of it was by a farmer looking after hta oattle, ho espying one of his heifers in it, with iti head junt above the top of the saoitorium, which he recognised by the earmark. No doubt it will pull up somewhere before it reaches the falls below Nerrlga. If not it will be a case with it. One of the Municipal officers started off ou horac. bftok yesterday morning after the dereiiot. The rain seems to have had its greatest force between Major's Creek and a little south of Braid wood. At Durran Durra the fall was much more moderate. There has been a great loss of cattle and horses everywhere, the heavy gale on Sunday night appearing to have driven them before it in a peferct state of frenzy unit 1 they were stopped by fences where the; were not washed away, or until they oould go no further from exhaustion aud lay down and gave up the ghost, in the way dnmb beasts will do when terror stricken. The stock for the most part were in poor condition from want of feed, and there Is scarcely a farmer who la not more or less a loser la this respect, besides having lost a great deal of fences, which are not so easily replaced now timber haa become so scarce, JEMBAICUMBENE. Jembaicumbene Creek waa very high and at Belle Vue It was nearly a mile wiJe, the rain being maoh heavier bare than in BraHwood, the further sonth it mnt ioortMlng Is volum* as ibown by tha difleiencc of ncaily three inches in tho Bin ill space of a mi'c between I'raidwood l'ustOlfijc uud Hiider ROAD DAMAGES. Fortunately the damage done to bridges and culverts is not nearly so great as was feared. Besides the washing away of the approaches of the Jembaicumbene bridge and the starling of the centre piles of the Mongarlowe Bridge, the bridge over Warrumbucca Creek on the Sergeant's Point and Clyde Road has been washed away. The only other serious damage in this direction is on the Clyde Road, a culvert on the other side of McRea's at Monga having been washed away, and also the bridge at Ryan's Creek, 7 miles from Nelligen. No mail reached Braidwood from Nelligen till Thursday, it being brought in on horseback, the only means of travelling on it up to then. Mr. Road-Inspector Shaw on Wednesday sent a relay of men along the road to effect temporary repairs. There are a number of carriers stuck on the Nelligen side of Ryan's Creek, and one of them, Mr. Sam Rogers, managed to come up from there on Wednesday on horseback, and has started back in a spring cart with provisions for the detained wagons, whose life is not such a jolly one at any time, let alone when the perils and hardships of flood and tempest have to be encountered. NELLIGEN. The Clyde River, as was to be expected from the extensive watershed of the River, its head waters flowing from the coast range from Monga to Sassafras, was in a very high state of flood. Thompson's Hotel was surrounded with water, which was six feet deep in the bar and the inmates had to leave the house, and the goods were taken away in boats, in which sad predicament many other residents of that town and along the river were placed during the wild tempestuous night. A good deal of damage has been done to the corn crops and a large quantity of sawn timber has been washed away from the mills. The Government ferry punt was left up ended on the stump of a tree a considerable distance from its native element and the crew of the Kameruka Steamer which was lying at the wharf had all their work cut out to keep her safe and sound at her birth, She did not leave for Sydney until Tuesday. ARALDEN AND MORUYA The first mail from Araluen came in on Tuesday, but the mails from Moruya did not arrive in Braidwood till Wednesday afternoon, when the Moruya District Road Inspector and party got through. The mail and passengers were assisted over a damaged culvert below Araluen by the road party. It was reported in Braidwood that the Moruya bridge had been washed away, but such was not the case, although as much as 20 inches of rain fell there. The town of Moruya was submerged. Punts were moored alongside of Coxon's Hotel, while a large whale boat was tied up outside Keating's Hotel and was rowed up and down the main street. The whole of Mullendeccee was one sheet of wa'.er, every house f-tanding several feet in it. The residents all left them for safety. At Kiora the corn crops were completely under water. The flood «as the highest ever known in the Moruja district. The steamer Murray, from Moruya, was over due in Sydney on Wednesday. No word of her had reached the agents. The Moruya Examiner says she put into Batemau'e Bay. The agent in Sydney don't know where she is. The Marion Feowick, which recently replaced the wrecked Koouya and which left Moruya on Saturday at the sawn limeus thu Murr.iy, wa3 wrecked close to the Bame spot where the Koonya went down. No lives were lost. The fall at Araluen ouTuesdiy night wis lather lighter than at liraidwnod, regibtariup 170 points. The total fill tliciv vv.s 29 iuchesi This was the heaviest fall recorded anywhere, although there were heavy fl.ro Is throughout the iloruyaaml li-ga districts. Aralueu h as cv iJeutly the centre of the storm. Ol-I reisiiit'iilu of the Valley say that the Utc rain- fall was a great deitl heavier than was the case in the great IVunury flood in 1SQ0, which wrought such great devastation in the Valley. la those days the houses of the miners were built close to the banks of Ihf croelt, and consequently thero was gicUr loss in personal effects than was the case last week. Profiting by that experience the houses have been built further away from the Creek, so that the flood waters did uot reach them. Only in one instance, iu ihe ca.se of a settler near Oakey Creek, had household effects to be removed. The creek itself rose higher than it has ever done Biuce the habitation of the Valley. It presented the appearance of an immense river. All the claims with one solitary exceptiou were filled in. Mr. Smith's claim is purfeo-tly level. The engine and sheds are buried out of eight with tan.1. Messrs. Bruce and Tutt'ebee's engine and shed arj covered with Witer, but they can be seen. Their tailrace is completely gone, aud before the claim cat be re-opened it will be necessary to construct another race lo drain the groum}. This will iuvolve considerable expense. Dogtrn and parly's wheel can j'ist be Been. The other claims have been levelled so completely that there is nothing to indicate that the bed of the creek had ever heen iliBturbed, All the men and boys have necessarily been thrown out of work and the once busy Valley ia now as quiet as quiet can bo. REMEF MEETING IN ARALUEN. A public meeting waa heU on Wednesday night at Gibboi.'s Hotel lo consider the situation. There waa a large roll up. Various suggestions were made for obtaining Government assistance for the minors. It was agreed to ask the powers that be for a special grunt to enable the claims to be opened up It was considered that £500 would suffice for this purpose. A suggestion tint the Government should be ask* d to provide temporary work io repaii ing the roads for the relief of those who had been thrown out of work did hot meet with any favor. It was pointed ont that if money wero spent in re-opening the claims there would ba work for the men afterwards, while on the other hand if money were spent in road work the claims would remain unopened and at soon as the Govern ment money was exhausted employment would cease. This ia a very sensible view of the matter and one which we crust will be realised. Mr. Austin Chapman, M.P., with his usual promptness, has already directed Ihe attention of the antborities to the position of affairs at Araluen and has aBked fo-' a grant of money. The meeting in question decided to appoint Messrs. W. U. Bruce and F. Marceau as a deputation lo await on the Colonial Secretary with Mr Chapman lo urge upon fain) the necessity for giving a grant towards tlje reopen ing nf the claims. These gentlemen left for Sydney on Thursday evening. Already official reports have been called for at the instance of our member and this will probably be available when the deputation wails upon the Minister. At any rate it is to be hoped that uo time will be lost by the Government in ilotng what they propose to do. The position in Araluen at present is a very serious one and should be dealt with ae snob. Delay will only aggravate the trouble. We notice that applications from other places affected by the recent floods have been favorably considered, and there should be bo reason why the claimB of Araluen for assistance should not' be both liberally and promptly dealt with. 