THE FATEFUL FEDERAL X. Tho votes of the people of Australia elected a Convention and authorized it to frame a constitution for a federated Aus tralia ; and tho votus of the people arc about to decido between the accep tance and tho rejection of tho Con stitution duly prepared to their order. In New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania the polling will be taken next Friday, and in South Australia a day later. Those days and the days which immediately t .ccodo them represent by far tho most significant period which Australian history will over record. The issue placed before the pcoplo is as simple as the decision upon it will bo momentous. Shall brothers of one nation and one race — divided now by hostile border tariffs and provincial jealousies — shall they unite for tho good of Australia and of the British Empire, or shall they drift farther and farther apart until effective union wiil be impossible I Tho right course seems so obvious tliat ono marvels at tho existence of doubt Fortunately, however, all mis giving concerning tho verdict of the people is gradually vanishing as tho fato ful voting-day draws nearer. In all the colonies aro hopeful indications that during next week patriotism and common-sense will prevail over provincial ism, self-interest, and misconception; and that a few days hence Australians, long united in seutimont, will have joined in reality to establish under the Southern Cross a powerful nation subject to the Queen's Government United Australia 'is not yet,' as ono of the finest of our poets has sung ; but ' She is nigh' : — Sao i« not yet; but he whose ear Thrill* through that finer atmoxpbore Where footfalls of appointed things, Reverberant of days to bo, Aro heard in forecast echoing*. Like wavebeaU from a viewless aea — Hear* in the voicofal treaon of the skv Auroralheralds whispering— 'Sheumgh.' Tho anti - federalists in Now /South Wales are already showing a painful consciousness of impending defeat, and from a variety of -sources comes the gratifying and inspiring assurance that a substantial vote in tho affirmative will be cast ,on Friday. In the Parliament of tho mother colony a treacherous majority of Provincialises, oven by breaking faith with the other States, raised what they hoped would provo an impassable barrier *- Hnion. In tht Federal Enabling Act of New South Wales is the following sec tion:—' ? ? ' . The' majority of votes »hall decide the ques tion, and if tbe Constitution be thereby re jected, no further action shall bo taken pursuant to tbis Act; provided that an/ number of votes ia the affirmative leu than 50,000 shall bo equivalent to the rejection of the BilL An amending Act passed last year— after the first sitting of the Oonventionhad beon held — raised the minimum of 50,000 votes to 80,000. Consequently, in order to carry the Bill, atleast 80,000 voters must say ' Yes' on Juno 3. An impression is abroad to tho effect that there must bo a 'majority' of 80,000 votes, but this is erroneous. A majority of only 1 will carry the Bill so long as 80,000 people, or more, havo voted 'Yes.' Compe tent authorities assert most positively that the Commonwealth Bill will be carried in New South Walesand in Victoria alike. In Tasmania the result of tho voto is not so clcsrly apparent, but the federal causo seems to havo gained so considerably daring the past few weeks as to justify the ' most hopeful expec tations. Therefore all is so far satisfac tory. And what of this colony? Are South Australians so short-sighted as to decline to enter a federation including New South Wales and Victoria, with tbe certainty of Queensland being also in al lianco before very long? Surely not. Such a decision would be suicidal. It .could end in nothing else than commercial and social disaster. As a people we simply cannot alTord to remain out of the coming union, and the fact should bo deeply impressed on every mind. A solemn duty of each man and woman registered on the electoral rolls is to exercise next Saturday the great privilego of voting; and no patriotic citizen who comprehends the priceless advantages of federation can possibly voto 'No.' Meanwhile every elector should closely oxaimno the state ments industriously circulated by anti federalists— often purely reckless asser tions such as those which wo have so often exposed. But. after all many anti - federalists aro merely engaged in resurrecting bogies; and intel ligent and disinterested colouists will hardly allow themselves to bo frightened by such ghosts. Patriotic men and women will cheerfully refund to the call next Saturday to rally round the 'flag of union,' and by tho mere simplo act of making a cross will at unco raise Australia to nationhood. 