Political Kicks. Sir John Downer, in the Federal Conven tion, on the tendency of tbe age to regard bankruptcy as a venial matter: — 'The fabric of our commercial morality is becom ing thinner and thinner.' When a repre sentative of and apologist for the present competitive system thus publicly admits that, to misquote Lawson, ''the trousers of bis idol sadly need a patch behind,' Socia lism can't possibly be long. Old Age Pensions were agreed to by the Convention. U'm ! Only four voted against including it in the Bill, and one of the four was Neil Lewis, of Tasmania. Federal Convention humorositiee are all over, and Tassie's ' ten best ' are softly stealing homfl again by the back way — without paying the poll tax. Tub Curpr.R bos it on reliable authority that only one of tbe ten has made the Convention trip a pay ing concern. On St. Patrick's Day the dailies published a cablegram from Sir P. O. Pjsh, which assured all, small and sundry, that the cost of Federation to Tasmania would only be £13,000 a year. The unlucky thirteen again P The daily papers asoure us that though Tasmania's Federal delegates took no pro minent part in the discussions and forbore to sbine as orators in the Convention, they ATTENDED HEGULAIO.Y. So did tbe door keeper. Are shipping arrivals and departures promptly despatched by the telegraph de partment. As Captain Teddy draws £200 per annum from the Marine Board, he may condescend to inquire. Dntbie, the Opposition candidate for Sir Robert Stout's Parliamentary seat in Maori land, was elected by a narrow majority over Government candidate Kirk. When Tillett was in llobart he assured us that owing to some recent trimming on Labor matters by the Seddon Ministry, Tory Duthie was sure to beat tbe Government nominee. After nearly eight years of office the Seddon Government of Maorilaud naturally shows signs of decay, and the hungry Tories on the opposition benches wear an extended smile of anticipation in consequence. Sed don is getting tired. He is now a corapara- ! tively wealthy man, and is fast losing his I ambition to pose as a leader of a fighting political party. A progressive Government can only retain power by being more and more progressive, while a Tory Government has only to keep on doing nothing persis tently to command unqualified success. Progression means bard fighting all the time, and Richard of Kumara reckons he bus done his share nt rifflitintr. nnd i^ua..**. I feel equal to staying m front very much louger. But, for all that, the old squatter sharking crowd may as well modify their I grins anticipatory ; for a new leader of the democracy of Maoriland is pretty sure to step into the roomy shoes of King Dick just in time to disappoint tbe hard-frozen Tory patriots. Stout guessed something like this ; bad there been a ghost of a show of office for his party in the near future, i be is too old a fox to have resigned bit | seat. Van Dobson earned a reputation at the Convention as the most inconsistent, bom bastic, and parochial-minded delegate of the whole fifty. ' There's self- suppression for yon; he's always for Tasmania,' said an admirer on reading one of Dobson 's speeches. ' Yes.' replied a cynical friend. ' or self- I preservation. He owns the blanky flv speck!' Somebody is supposed to bave carried the conversation to the great Cod servative-Demoorat, who actually took it as a compliment, and now walks about on bis ueele like a Hobart cadet in the new uniform. In the clerks' room of a well-knowu Tas manian politician there is pasted up over I the wasbstand a long list of newspaper cut- I tings commenting on the chiefs political doings. The favorable comments are stuck on one side and the nnfavorable ditto on tbe other. The nasty jars far outrun tb« otber sort in number, but the clerks who boss the tell-tale barometer avoid tbe sack and tne I loss of tbeir fun by professing to beliere I that some day tbe chief will make a gnit I political move which all the papers will I praise, and thus bring the balance up level. 1 It works like a charm. j To celebrate St. Patrick, the Urpbeai I Club and other successful persons in veigled a crowd into the Town Hull on Thursdny night and fed them with choke musical dainties until no man w;ih an hungered. The function was innnj featured, but good, kind, patient ItieL features predominated. I St. Patrick's Day celebrations are noffi«» j parochial. ' Auld Lang Synn ' was tbe I chiof song sung by rollicking street re- j vellers in Hobart on Thursday night. I 