A STOLEN HEBITAGE. CHAPTER I (continued). 'Eh, lassie, I aid, and I'll tell you this much, you'll . have two, ';.;; the one 'will mean '.you' no good — beware of him. The other you will, marry, but there's a ; lot of trouble for you. before you reach th« altar. Eh, the lines are sadly crossed before the marriage line, you'll be in some great danger before long, but you'll come out safe. Tes, aad you'll be rich and great before you're rery much older.' Molly laughed. ' You fortune-tellers are all alike, you ? promise all sorts of good thing3, but you nerer tell us the .name of jthe sweetheart that is coining, so you see I don't believe one word of it,' she said, with a toss of her pretty little head. 'Eh, laBsie, you covne of a wilful race, and you're like them, but just . you go through that gate,' and she pointed to the one through which she had come, ' then cross the grass on the right of the drive, and you'll come to a lake where you'll find someone whose life will be linked with yours in the future. Kow-go and prove whether I have . told you true.' 'All right Mrs. Gipar, but if I don't find a nice young man there I shall give you in charge for for-, tune-ielling. Oh, but I didn't give you any money, which is rather lucky, as I've none to spare, and I donit think you have told me any thing worth my last shilling,' and, with a merry laugh and a nod, she sprang to her feet, then opening the gate she passed through it, turning, as. ehe closed it after her, to give the gipsy a parting . ned, while she sang the following lises : — ' As I pursued my walk, I spied a wrinkled hag With age grown double, Picking dried sticks, And mumbling as she went.' A few yards further on, Molly stopped, and called out : ' No offence, Mrs. Gipsy, I ex pect to be wrinkled and double some day, and I guess I shall pick sticks, if I'm not in the workhouse,' then \- with a merry laugh she went on her way. ' Just like her father ; if I hadn't known anything, and she hadn't carried it in her face, I should have guessed, she was his child. A wild, merry lad' he was. Eh ! and the old lady, her grandmother, was a madcap wench mere than 40 years ago. Eh ! it's a long time, and the grass ingrowing over many that walked these lanes then. But what's made Susan Hughes come here ? She's some game on hand, and I ? trow between her and Sir Thomas the lassie will fare ill ; the , danger, line was very distinct. I'm glad we came down here just now; I'll keep my eye on them both, and if I can prevent it the lassie shall not be hurt. No, she'll not pick sticks, there's better things before her,' she muttered, as she hobbled along the lane, turning past the cottage which Molly had pointed out to Sir Thomas as her home. Meanwhile the merry girl; all unconscious of the old dame's re flections, went on her way, and ( presently' she saw, between the trees, . a' large lake, which shim mered like silver in tho afternoon ? ^Tripping on, singing snatches of songs, she had almost reached the bank when she came suddenly upon a lady, who was seated oh the grass under the shade of an old oak tree. At the sound of Molly's footsteps she looked up, and a sudden excla mation escaped her, while her eyes seemed to distend as she fixed them on Molly's face. Feeling both surprised and startled, the girl returned the stranger's gaze, and saw that phe was a woman of about forty, with a pretty and gentle face, the expres sion of which denoted extreme sad ness, i , .. . ' Who are you ?' she asked, almost beseechingly, as she con tinued to' gaze at the girl. 'I am Molly Hughes but I might be a ghost, I have startled you bo much,' she replied, with a smile. ' Molly Hughes !' exclaimed the lady, who had turned white to her lips. Then,1 with an effort, she added, ' Will you sit down here ? I should like to talk to you.' Molly complied, while she won dered why her appearance had twice been the cause of so much surprise. ' Will you tell me where you live, my dear?' asked the Lady. 'At the little cottage with the verandah, not far from the park gate,' replied Molly, who felt very much more inclined to answer the ady's questions than she had done those of Sir Thomas. ' Then you have only just come ?' Molly nodded: ' We came the day before yes terday.' ' Have you a mother living ?' ' Wo, she died when I was bora.' \- 'Then whom do you live with?' 'My grandmother.' ' Is her name Susan Hughes ?' ' Yes. Haw in the world do you kaew her same ?' asked Molly. ''Because I once knew a Susan Hughes, but that was many years ago, and she had a daughter Molly, but you are not like her.' ' She cannot he my mother, be cause iny name ia Hughes, my father was graaais's son. You see I call her grannie because it is shorter,' she said, excusing the abreviation. 'Do you love her?' asked the stranger. (To be continued.) 