*?j7 'I MELBOURNE. \RIIPAR QUE OWN COEBESPOXDEXT.J Tuesday. Minister of Mines, who has j^iufge of the village settlements, yeaterdaj' sont Mr Thomas, the chief steward, up to Neorim South to ascer tain the extent of the damage done in that district by the bush fires. To day he received the following report bj' wire from Mr Thomas :-" The village settlers hero escaped with vory little loss. The losses of farmers are exaggerated. I was riding till 7.30 3'esterday, and saw none who will require Government assistance. In most cases the fire would be beneficial. I visit Jindivick to day." Mr Henry James, chair man of a public meeting hold at Orbost, wires to the Minister as fol lows :-"'Settlers at Murrangower burnt out. Havo lost dwellings, con tents, crops, grass and buildings. As all wero m struggling position the fire means ruin in many cases. Public meeting at Orbost last night to assist where possiblo, but such assistance will bo insufficient. Can you promise any immediate, assistance." Mr Foster has replied, " tforin local committee oi three-yourself to act as secretary. I authorise you to expend £50 for immediate necessities of sufferers. Ke port to mo names of sufferers and nature of losses, titles to land, names of committee and general action taken." Another Australian Premier arrived to-day in tho person of Mr Kingston, Premier of South Australia, and had a chat with Sir George Turner before the meeting of the Fedoral Finance coinmitteo. Tho District court magistrates were asked to-day to settle a little troublo connected with tho non-paj'ment of theatrical salaries. The principal actors wero Martin and Lucy Eagan and Abraham Green. Tho two former sought to recover £1] Cs Sd for tho balance of salary clue. They wero engaged to play in the pantomime at the Bijou Theatre, but " the ghost failed to walk " after tho first week, and hence tho trouble. As, however, it appeared that plaintiffs engagement was with a Miss Juneen, and not with Green, the bench dismissed the caso. The death of the mail John Smith, in connection with which several men are now in custody, was duo to frac ture of the skull and laceration of tho brain, with hcomorrliage. Ac cording- to tho evidence tendered to day by Dr Nield, when tho inquest was iormiilly opened, a fall on a rough surface, or blow with some hard substance, was responsible for tho rupture. Ho thought, however, a fall on tho back of the head was really the cause of the wounds. After evidence of identification had been taken, the inquest was adjourned till Tuesday. The legal machine is often a slow moving concern, and it is only now that proceedings are being taken to test tho validity of the Orange pro cession which raised such a commo tion at Brunswick six months ago. Eive persons are to be proceeded against on the information of one, Andrew Kenned}-, for taking part in tho procession, and part of tho charge against them is the exhibition of em blems and symbols, consisting of collars, sashes and badges, whicli were calculated to provoke animosity be tween the Quoen's subjects. Defen dants are also charged with joining in procession for tho purpose of celebrating an anniversary and political event, viz., tho battle of the Boyno. Tho summonses are return able at tho Brunswick court on the 9th inst. On Friday tho detective police, when searching a house in Napior street, 3?itzroy, for a man named Teague, came across a largo number of notes belonging to tho defunct Provincial and Suburban Bank, tho bank authorities having apparently omitted to call in and destroy the notes of the institution. In addition to the notes, the detectives found two mon named Thompson Kingston and William West on the premises, and the pair were presented 'at tho City court to-day on tho charge of vagrancy. Kingston was stated to be a reputed pickpocket, a companion of pickpockets and thieves, and" a welsh ing bookmaker. West also received a bad character, but the bench decided to let them go. Subsequent!}' Henry Teague was charged with a similar offence, but on his undertaking to take his departure within 12 hours, he also was discharged. Tho sewerage accident was brought under the notice of tho Metropolitan Board of Works to-day owing to a report of tho sewerage committee referring to tho accidentbeingamongst the orders of the day. There was a feeling expressed by some of the Commissioners that the 'Board ought to do something for tho bereaved ones, more especially as men who had to perform such dangerous duties as fell to tho lot of tho sower excavators had their lives insured for the paltry sum of £50. The chairman, whilst expressing sympathy for tho sufferers, and admiration for tho bravery which had been displayed, felt it his duty to warn tho Commissioners against placing tho Board in a false position by making it responsible for acci dents when no liubilitj" attached to it. Ho feared that if tho Board wero to vote money it would cause the public to refrain from subscribing. Tho report was adopted, with an addition empowering the officers and servants' committee to mako such a report to the Board on the subject as they should consider expedient. 