AN ANGEL OF INNOCENCE. Chapter XXXII. It eeotnod a very long and dreary time before tbo masked lady reap poarcd ; and whou sho did coine, she was accompanied by a tall, tfiin man, who, like herself, was enveloped in a cloak, and masked. lie put a fow iutorrogatorios to Magdalen, which she answorod with some roluctnuce ; but ho appeared to bo satisfied witli them, and bade her follow himself and tho lady. They descended to tho street, whoro a closed carrmgo waited thorn. She was directed to eutor it, and, when within, tho lady followed hor, and tho gentleman mounted to tho box by tho sido of tho driver. Thon tho carriage was driven swiftly, and, having noiseless wheols, silently off. After it had pursued ..its way at a rapid pace for some time, it stoppod in a rather narrow street, that was silout and deserted, and tho lndy said, in a very subdued tono — . ? 'Wo are very near to Miss.Mort maine's mansion. You must under take tho guidance now ; but lot' mc impress upon you that discovery "will bring ruin upon us all.' Magdalen made no reply, for her heart was full. Sho recognised the street —it was that in which sho had been insulted by Chettle, aud had Hod from Martin. Sho trembled violently as sho alighted; but, as soon aa the still masked lady was by her side, she motioned to her to follow hor down tho mews, at (he corner of which thoy were stauding. With a uimblo stop they both threaded tho roughly-pavod turn ing, and Magdalen did not pauso until she had successfully, aud without dis covory, introduced her companion into Eve's chamber. Evo was awako. She had arisen from her bed, and was seated in an easy-chair. AVheu Magdalen accosted her, sho turned a vacant look upon hor; but after a moment's ga/.o sho turned hor eyes away, and babbled something rather than murmured it. The lady removed her mask, and placed her face close to Evo's, so that she could see it clearly. She looked into hor eyes with an expression which she bolieved would compel her to re cognise hor. Magdalou, with great relief to hor mind, saw that it was Lady lauthe who bad unmasked. She watched with in tense iutorest tho effect which the sight of her face would have upon Eve. Sho was grievously disappointed, for Evo gazed earnestly for an instant into her sister's pale, anxious, counte nance, aud, thon, with a kind of ?wearied look, she turned hor head nway. "Her mind is gone," gasped 'Lady lantho, with an expression ot agony upon her face. " She does'uot know mo." Magdalen, greatly troubled, looked about?lier for something which might elicit from Eve a sign that her senses had not wholly forsaken her. Upon tho bed she observed lying the drawing of Adrian, where it had probably fallen from the hand of Evo while sho slept. Magdalen instantly fotched it, and, ?unrolling it, placed it before Evo, so that she could see tho face she had herself painted upon it. As soon as her eyes lighted ou it, a strong, spasmodic thrill rau through her frame, and she covered her eyes with her hands. Thou she sprang wildly to her feet, and Lady lantho caught hor in hor arms, as she mur mured, in a voice that brought tears into the eyes of her sister and of Mag dalen— ? Dead ! dead ! dead !' Then followed a scone which Lady lanthe and Magdalen found it'hard to bear. Both believed Evo to be dying, so severe was the spasm of bitter grief that ehe underwent; but at last their untiring patience and their unweary ing exertions wore rewarded by a re turn of sufficient consciousness to en able Evo to recognise her sister, to comprehend sufficiently her position, and to decide to accompany her thence, as she said, with trembling lips, she could never look again upon tho face of Sir Merle Adamant. - . They departed in silenco down thtr servants' narrow staircaso, passed out of the houso by the private door, along the mows to tho carriage, and so a way into tho dark streets —Evo know rios. whore. .-^i-'?: Magdalen, by arrangement, ?. l-e-; mained behind, in order to prevonttho departure of Eve being too 'soou , known ; and we havo seen how she'en acted the part assigned to her. ' . It vfas a miserable time for her, that intervalbetween tho flight of Evo and her interview with Sir Merle Ada mant; for she could not got the hng gard faco, tho wasted form, and the ragged attito o£ Martiu out of her head. A thousand disturbing fancies res pecting tho change in his appearance distracted her ; bat ouo prevailed over all the others, and filled her with poignant anguish. It was a fear that from somo eauso uuiamginablo by her, be had been guilty oEsoine violation of the law, had been imprisoued, and that now they could never bo -ainrried any more than if he had died d-sring their separation. v Sho wept tho greater part "of tho time she had to romaiu alone in Eve's chamber ; but at length tho timo for her, too, to leave it came, and she slipped out of the houso —as sho was euro she could —uudctectod. In tho same by-street where sho lad beforo met Martin aho again, to her amazement, encountered him. llodid not see her, and sho might havo passed on without speaking. But although he looked so ragged and woe-begone, sho touched him on tho arm, and,-in a trembling voice, whispered— ' Martin!' Ho turned, and for a moment ro parded her with glaring eyes. Ho uttorod her name, and seemed to be about to address her in an earnest manner ; but he abruptly checked him self, threw her hand from his own with a wild gesture, and cried— ' Noa ! thou becst not worthy !' Aβ lie hissed out thoso bitter words, he gazed upon her with an expression of heart-broken anguish, certainly as if sho, and not ho, were a guilty crea ture. Poor Magdalon ! she cluug to a. rail ing for support, and tho street seemed to whirl round with hor. She had iinngiucd another interview with Martin, and at no distant dato from the last; but she had not conjec tured—or even entertained such an idea for a moment —that it would have a termination of this kind. Sho could not tell how or when she left the spot ou which they had mot aud he had discarded her, or by what mcaii? she reached her destination. It is quite certain that when blio was there sho was nearly in ns pitiablo a couditiou as her youug mistress, Eve, I when Lady lantho took charge of her, and convoyed hor away. . ?Sho had been directed to rejoin Eve at' tho same house whore she had ns6ught the Lady lantho ; and sho got . thoro, as wo have said, she kuew not how. Sho did not find Eve there, as sho had anticipated; and she was quietly informed by tho sedato young person whom sho had first seen thoro that she would not bo allowed to pro ceed to tho placo to which her mis tress had been conveyed, unless sho exhibited more control over hor emo tions. It was bad enough for Magdalen to lose Martin ; she did not wish to loso her young mistress too. Tlien, indeed, lifo would bo worthless to hor; and she felt that, if such an event woro to occur, she would not care how soon sho left this world of trial and afflic tion for a bettor. So she mado a very strong offort to curb, and even to conceal her distress of mind ; and in tho dead of. tho night tho same carriago which had before takon hor from this mysterious little house convoyed her away again as silently as before, aud did not stop until it had reached an avonuo of tall elms, the top branches of which were so iutorlacod that after sundown it shrouded the road and pathway —in- deed, all beneath them—in a pitchy darkness. Mngdalen, to her dismay, was invited to alight, without being ablo to see tho person who addressed her, or oven whore to put her foot, and she drew back; but a pair of strong hands took her by the waist, and a voice whisper ing to her not to be afraid, she was lifted to tho grassy ground. Tho same firm hand drew her along in tho impenetrable darkness, and she went forivui-diuoilonl fonrnud WOlldor until she was requested to stop. When she complied, a door was unlocked, and she was led, still in utter darknesn, into eomo placo paved with stone, which struck chill and damp to hor. Sho was conducted along it, thon up a flight of stairs, along passages, and more stairo, until her movements wore arrested, and sho was requested in a whisper to remain perfectly still until she was joined by another person. TheD she heard a tapping, as if some one were striking gently upon a door with a knuckle, and the sound was immediately followed by those of re treating footsteps. Immediately afterwards, a doorcloso to her faco was opened, and she per ceived, by the aid of a dim light within, that sho was received by Lady lantho Ullcsmere, who took her hand, led her into the room, closed the door behind hor, and then locked and bolted it. Magdalen gazed timidly around her and porceived, reclining in an invalid chair near to a bed, the form of her young mistress, Eve. ? ?Thank heaven !'. she murmured, in voluntarily. ?'??? . Sho moved hastily, with a light step, towards her, and—as it had ofteu been Evo's fancy that she should—? crouched in a half-sitting, half-kneel ing posture at her feet. . She saw Eve's bright, dark brown eyes turn upon her face ecrutinizingly; but they only settled for a moment-, upon it,, and then they turned 'rest- , -lessly away, as if disappointed at dis-' covering that it was- not the one of which slie was in quest. '?She is again unconscious,'observed the Lady lanthe, in a low tone, beckoning Magdalen to rise and speak with her. ' She has been so ever since we' brought hor. hither. Are., you acquainted with tho causo which has so deeply affected hor mind?' Magdalou shook her head sadly. ? ' I do not know, but I do fear it,' she said, mournfully. ? What do you fear ?' inquired Lady lantho, with alarm. MagHalon hesitated a moment. Sho believed that sho had penetrated tho secret of Evo's malady ; but she was not quite sure that she had the least right to betray it. Lady lantho perceived hor em barrassment, aud guessed .at its cause. 'I am her sister! she sold with marked emphasis. ' I am deeply inter ested in her happiness ; to secure it I would readily pnrt with my own." ' I do believe it, my lady,' replied Magdalon, after a moment's perusal of Lady lantho's features, and tho ex pression they wore ; ' and I will tell you what I fear ; but, donr'eo mo, it's only guess-work after all.' 'But the guess- work?'observed Lady lantho, impatiently. ' Why, 1 be afoared, my lady, that my l> >oV dour young missus bo in love,' fch'o responded, with a heavy sigh, as if it were a dire calamity. ' With whom ?' iuterrogated Lady lantho, quickly. ' With he whose face she. have painted in this picter,' answered Mng dalen, producing tho drawing of Adrian, which she had secured after she had placed it beforo Evo in her own chambor on tho previous oven ing. Lady lantho took it from her, and lookod at it attentively. 'I do not know the face,* she said, after a careful inspection of tho fea tures. ' When did Miss Mortmaino mako this drawing ?* ' Long ago,' repliod Magdalen; ' afore she loft Come Priory.' ' Come Priory!' ropeatod Lady lantho, quickly ; ' di J eho over dwell there ?' ' She wur reared there, as I havo heard, from tho time she wur a little infant child,'.returned Mngdaleu. ' It wur whou sho was brought from thoro whero she had boon paged ns if sho had been an owl kep' in a turrot, that I wur took in'hor service' Lady lahth'o paced tho room, mur muring, in soliloquy— ? Sho was born there. It was thoro n horrible catastrophe deprived us of both pnronts. wretch !' she added, apostrophizing Sir Morle Adamant; ' fiond ! I feel that it is my inevitable dostiny to rid the world of a monster so inhuman aud detestable, although'ne be of my nearest kin, and the stain of blood, springing from a murder,-in us]; taint my hitherto unsul lied hands !' Then again her oyee turned to the drawing. 1 It is, a handsome fnco, , sho said, rofloctivoly. ' It sooms as if it woro intended to represent an angel rather than a man.* ' But it be the faco of a young man, an' she do love him with all hor heart,' subjoiued Magdaleu. ' I bo sure o' that.' ' How aro you euro ?' inquired Lady lantho, looking steadfastly aud inquir ingly at hor. ' Because, my lady,' returned Mag dalen, quickly, but loworing hor voice, ? becausomy young mistress have often put a good many quostions to mc about lovo an' lovers, especially when sho havo been a looking at yon fnco. An' then, wheu sho saw Sir Merle aftor t , graud party, she came inti her bed-room from him staggering, faint ing, wi , picturo in hor hand, and hlic looked at it as she reached tho bed, and eho murmured, as tho scalding tears ran down hor cheek, ' Ho be dead—shot —dead—shot—dead—doad dead !' an' then sho screechod, an' foil down in a fit, as if sho had boon shot too !' 'Dead! shot!' ropeated Lady lanthe, oxcitedly, as ttho again ex amined the features intently. ' I heard somo one say yesterday thnt a duel had been fought between tho eon of Lord Itoscelin aud eouio other per son ; but I did not catch tho result. Tho duko will ascertain for mo. I must onquire iuto this immediately.' She rolled up the portrait, and added— ' I will show this to him. Ho may bo able to recognize it. , ; ?' Pout 'pc, pjense, my lady, take tho picturo away,* pleaded Magdalen, with some earnestn.-ss. ' It be tho only thing as will bring Miss Eve out of her stupor. Leave it wi' mc, an' I will bring hor rouud wi , sight of it, bo sure. , ' You shall havo it again ; but I must first show it to the duke,' replied Lady lauthe. ' I have an impression that it will bo the means of obtaining for mc some iniportaut information. I leave my poor unhappy sister in your sole charge. You will treat her with tho tenderest cure and necessary atton ? tion. You shall bo well rewarded for faithful servico, be euro.' ? Never fear for mo, my lady," re turned Magdalen, in a quivering voice. ' I will do all that can bo done. —my —own heart be—bo —broken, au' I know how—to—servo one —as — .wretched —an' as hopeless—as I bo now. . She covered hor eyes with her hand kerchief, and turned her fnco away. ' My poor girl,' said Lndy Inntho regarding her attentively, ' dry your eyes. You may have suffered ; but I can see that you do not know yet what broken-hearted, hopeless affliction— what utter misery aud blauk despair mean. I-havo had to undergo its worst tortures. Reserve your norvo and strength of mind ; you may need it yet. In the meantime devote your self exclusively to the care of my poor ':pTO3fi;ate"<r sister, and For the sake, I mft'v say, of her existence, do not at tempt to quit these chambers until you have permission to do so. Thoro aro tddr eh suite. The outer doors of all are locked,' but within them every thing has .been provided to prevent any necessity arisiug to quit them. That bell yqudor will nhvays summon mo to jour: Bide, if help bo needed: and you will be furnished with every thing my donr Eve or yourself may require." Sco to make no communica tion without. No one will nttompt to approach you here, for this part of tho building is said to be haunted, and no one will venture oven near it when ni?ht begins to set in. Even I shall approach it iv tho most secret manner, for if we are guilty of the very sinnlle'st indiscretion which may fur nish tho fraction of a clue to Eves hiding-place to any of Sir Merle Ada mant's agents, he will drag her from us, and destroy her, in spito of all our caro. , . , Magdalen promised to be carol ul, and to obey hor instructions; but sho did so with a heart, for tho announcement that tho ..apartments woro haunted greatly disquieted her. Sho know that she would be left alono at night with Evo, and she wondered what two timid creatures such ns her self and her young mistross could do if a horrible ghost wero to appear to them in tho dead of the night. Still it was necesenry for Evo's sake to ibako an effort; mid with as firm a voice as sho could command, she said she would try her best to do all that might bo required of her. " Some days passed away, Sir Merlo Adamant camo find wont, and, in con sequeuco, tho Uulto of Oldcnsllo had his grounds placed under such close surveillance by cllicicnt detectives that no spy employed by Sir Merle Ada mant or Caikas, his confidential had tho opportunity of discovering that Evo was hidden thoro. Two or throo prowlers wcro detected and drivon away ; but they wore known to tho officers as potty larceny thioves, and no suspicion that they were in tho pay of tho old baronet ontored the duke's mind. Still, lie did not relax in liis vigilance, and it seemed to be n proof of the success of his exertions that no attempt to approach the apart ments in which liro wns concealed wae, at least, discovered. At tho Hiuno timo some nctivo in quiries were instituted respecting the duel to which Magdalen had referred ; but, etrauge to say, nothing more defi nite could be ascertained than that a duol had boon fought between Adrian Clyfforde, a son of Lord lioucelin, mid Mr Grantley Fitzituetrcy, stated to bo a conni-ctiou of Sir Merlo Adamant's ; but with what actual result still re mained unknown, lor it was not known what had become of tho combatants. It was supposed, by tho mysterious absence of nil parties, that something disastrous had happened ; but to what extent was enveloped in my?tery. In tho meanwhile, ISlagdalou de voted horself to the task of restoring lire's mind to a sentient stntc. Hy tho aid of little quaint melodies, which Evo had often heard chanted by work people in tho gardens aud grounds at tached to Cerno Priory, and by judi ciously using tho portrait of Adrian, so that it might catch her eye without being abruptly placed .before her; and, more than all, uuromantic though it may seem, by carefully attonding to hor diet, she succeeded in bringing her back to, at least, a condition in which she recognized her nud her sister, and was conscious that she was no longer in a mansion that aho could call tier own ; but that was all. If she were conscious of more, she kopt it secret within her breast. She remained quiet, passive, silent. She complied liko a child with almost every suggestion that Mtigdalen made to her; but sho seldom or never spoke. She would sit in one position for hours without moving, and with her eyes fixed upon tho sky. What her thoughts were, Magdalen, who would sit in silence and watch her, could only gather by perceiving at times a tour gather slowly in her eyelids, until it assumed tho proportions of a priceless diamond. Then it would escape froiu its fountain, and roll slowly down her wliito check uucheekod. Poor Magdalen! her past was a species of torture, her future a blank, and sho quito understood what were tho feelings which kept Eve in her pre sent sad condition, out of which nothing seemed to move her. Lady lanthe tried many little strata gems to wean her miner from tho ono terriblo subject on which it seemed so per.tietontij 10 uwell; 'but without, avail. At last it struck her, as tho old fashioned melodies which Magdalen sang had such a marked effect, that music might, especially if she could herself bo induced to play, havo a bene ficial effect. Magdalen had assured her that Eve could play divinely upon tho instrument, and, therefore, she procured a piano, with the dampers co arranged that the sounds of the strings would not bo heard beyond tho apart rnont. It was placed in Eve's sitting-room ; but sho took no notice of it until the bell tolled midnight. Then suddenly, to Magdalen's wonder and almost terror, instead of retiring to rest, as sho would usually do, quito worn out with tho efforts of an over-taxed brain, sho walked up to tho piano, seated her self before it, ran -her fingers over the keys, and then, in a low, rich voice, sang ono of the old passionate love sonnets which she had been taught by Signora Dogaressa. Magdalen felt every nerve thrill as tho soft, tremulous voice of Eve warbled, with an intense feeling, an exquisite melody ; and she wept, in sympathy as sho perceived how Eve's earnestness brought tears into her own eyes. In this fashion sho whiled tho long night away until the dawn paled tho lamplight with its pearly-gray tint. For many nights sho pursued this fancy, and it was perceived in tho day time that tho result was favorable, for sho talked far more coherently than she had previously done with both Magdalen and with Lady lanthe, though still hor manner was vacant, and hor conceptions,, it appeared to Lady lanthp who quite overlooked how she had beonr^u'ed—were simple and childish. " One day she suddenly aslced Lady lanthe if sho knew Sir Merle Adamant, and she was answered in the affirma tive. Evo remained for sonio time silent, and then she said, abruptly, to her— ? He is very He would not bo guilty of telling a falsehood—a very dreadful falsehood , do you think he would ?' ? I bolieve him to be tho most dread ful monster tho world ever held, , re turned Lady lantho, almost ve hemontly. " I cannot imagine a crime which he would hesitate to commit if it served his purpose when done. Ho would tell a wicked, troacherous lio with glee, if ho thought that you would believe it, and in doing so it would make you miserablo beyond concep tion." " Do yo know Miss Umfraville ?" replied Eve, after a few minutes' silence. . Lady lanthe gazed at hrr earnestly; Bhe womlered why she was asking these questions. . " No," she answored, thoughtfully ; " no that is, I think not. Where does she resido ? " '.' With Lord and Lady Bo?celin," replied Eve, hor oves fustoned upon the ground. Lady lanthe started. It was a son of that nobleman who had been en gaged in tho duel which they supposed in somo way had been the occasion of Evo'a illness. Sho watched her raoro closely than before. ' The Countess of Carleton, , pursued Eve, with a moro connected train of thought than she had yet shown, ' said that sho was well-known in society as ' An Angel of Innocence." Lady lanthe had only recontly ro turned to fashionable society ; she did not know Miss Umfravillo under that sohriquct. ' Sho would speak the truth if sho were asked anxiously a very solemn question, would she not ?' continued Evo, raising her eyes solicitously to her sister's, and then letting them droop again. ' I havo not the slightest doubt upon tho point,' roioined Lady lantho, with emphasis. ' It is a matter of certainty that shn would.' J.ady lanthe conceived an idea, and sho mentally determined to pay Miss Umfravillo a visit. Eve said no more that day ; but sho sang to her own accompaniment on tho piano all tho long night through. On the following day she began to complain of tho confinement sho was compelled to endure. Sho said that sho saw the tops of treos from hor window, and know them was a wood adjoining tho houso. Sho expressed a wish to wander in it. This request was denied to hor ; but eho received permission to wander at night in tho library adjoining tho apartments which she occupied, on the understanding communicated to Magdalen that she was not to attempt to enter any of tho doorways leading from, or passages connected with it. Evo enjoyed this permission without assenting to or dissenting from the instructions ; but one night sho broke through tho rule, and closolj, it is true, followed by Magdalen, discovered tho outlet >vhich led to the inhabited part of the hall, and descended n narrow flight of stone steps, which conducted thorn down to a doorway, which, Magdalen explained, led some where into the shrubbery, and was used by tho domestics, or by persons who camo to tho great house on busi ness. Ono night, soon after this circum stance had taken place, Evo retired to rost very much earlier than usual. Sho neither played nor sang ; but seemed to be full of thought, depressed, and very weary of everything, oven, as she slid, of life itself. Magdalen watchod her till sho slept, and returned to hor bedside soon after sunrise ; but the bed was vacant. She searched the rooms with a wildly-beat ing heart ; but Evo was in none of them ; but the door leading to the library was ajar. Sho dressed herself with the utmost rapidity, and rushed into tho library, searched every portion of it—in vain. 'Plion elm r?n hack to the sitting room in the secret suite, and pulled Lady lanthe's bell violently. As sho did so, she sank down by the side of it, and her senses deserted her. {To be continued.) 