LEGENDS IN SOCIETY. ' Subjects fop Fiction v Strange Stories. People jxpect-tp find legends in' romantic situ ations—on tliq Iih.ue, in the Pyrenees, at Kil- lariiey. They are usually, disappointed, or tlie legend is borrowed by the'-iutelligeht narrator from the loeni guide-book. I. You only find genu- ine legends among , people, whe never: read'; in out-of-the-way Cel. tic districts' '.where' people juivo. no books,1 and in society ..where people have 110 time. One pfel'ets tlie, "old unhappy l'ur;off tilings" Of the Gelt; but tlie legends of society (writes Mr Andrew Lang- iu the "West minster Gazette!') nro also curious. Now and itynin somebody- wlio writes .hears one of them,', and he tells it in print. But tiliS does not affcet the, oral form of the narrative, -as the printed shape is not read. Iu the. same- way the fairy tales wJiiclr Pcrrault heard from liis boy's nurse are still r'opoated'by French peasants, not as -Perroult dressed them : up for the Press, hut iu their rude ancient 'forms. ' In que of, the November iitagazinos there are two ghost stories. Both: are quite old, but' ill neither ease lias the autffor borrowed or pla giarised from printed versions.': .. He, or she, has worked quite honestly.: oil , the legeud cur rent m society. The first story-is (in essence) Mr. i-ieaphy's anecdote of a spectral lftri who gave linn sittings for her -portrait to console lier bereaved father. Dickens published it, in Jjord Lytton s version, in' liis magazine- then, Air. lienpliy sent in his.own version, which' wns also published. -Then' comes the' recent variant reposing on legend. Tlie second, tale was pub- lished, with ninny variations, long ago, pro bably in 'Once o Week." Its turn has come lor a new avatar. In -October another such story appeared iu another, magazine. It was mgeniously moulded on a legend of . a chateau in the North of Scotland, mid will doubtless re ar-near m due course. Fitzjaiiies O'Brien told a new horror in "Tlie Diamond Lens"; then it appeared (not from O'Brien's book) in the Oornhill ; then Guy de Mnupnssaut (who had obviously read, neither' version) I'made it into Le Horla. It will coine round again in its orbit. ' , Here are two legends, which perhaps are as .vet unseized by novelists. The first is not easy- to finish, in English, and probably must remain half told. ' Uicr eni'ly iu tlie century a young man of ..uuii UUUU.V miu or great, neauty came up from Oxlord .to town in the vacation. 'He wont to all the usual plnccs of amusement, and wherever ho wont he - saw a dark West Indmu-iooking womiin watching . him. At lust, as he was, lounging in ..the. foyer of n theatre, -she came up to him, and. led liim into a quiet corner. "Sir," she said, "are. you will ing for 1111 adventure?".. Entering into the spirit of a hero . in tho Arabian. Nights, lie ,wns willing, and ' followed tlie woman to the door of tlie .theatre, where n carriage was waiting. In tho carriage ho consented to be blindfolded with the conventional silk hitud- kerchief. They drove a. long way, and stopped at a house. The adventurer only knew that tlie staircases word wide," and tho steps broad nnd low. He was. led into 'a room, where the bandage wns removed from liis eyes. The room was lofty and splendid, the first of n suite. On a table was laid supper -for one, with champagne. "Eat and drink," said tho dark woman, "but 011 ho -account leave this room." She then left him'; lie supped, and he became curious. ' He passed . through two rooms; the third lie saw to be brilliantly light ed. On entering he found, it arranged as a chambro nrdento. Candles were burning round nn open coffin, in 'whleli lay the corpse of a man of middle age. ..Bather dashed by tills experience, tho adventurer returned to the' first chamber, where lie was soon -rejoined by the dark woman. She led' him.-. along an an- lighted pnssage,: the sound. , of weop'ng coming always closer as they went. She opened n door— and hero the nnthor. pauses! For fur- the particulars literary people' must apply privately. It seems probable that the midden, immense, and "mysterious fortune of Beau Wilson, who, from a battered and brolcon sub altern, became, in a day; tlie richest -exquisite in town, may have had its origin in a similar affair. And that ' was why Law of Launston Billed Beau Wilson, becoming later the foun der of tho Mississippi .scheme; The next legend: is ofto-dny, and mny pre sently he seized by some teller of short stories. A young lady, on Hnllow'een; practised the old sorcery of combing her liair, and cutting ah apple, as she gazed into the blnclc deeps of a mirror. 1 In 'the gloaming glass She saw the shadow pass of a young man in-a military uniform. At the same moment she henrd' the tinkling fall of- some metallic object on the floor. She search ed the room, and found a small broken part of a soldier's trappings. This she nut away in a little box with other oddities. In a few weeks, of course, she mot tho man of tlie mirror, mar ried hira without mentioning the vision, nnd wont on her honovnioon. They were very hap py, but, when about returning from Paris, slie chanced to open the little box, found the object of metal, nnd showed it to lier husband. He turned deadly pale, nnd said, "The night I lost thnt i was in hell. We must never meet again." He lo'ft the room, telegraphed for his bride's brother, and lias never been heard of since. What wns it. nil about? This is left to the. taste and fancy of tho no velist. ; The worst of spinning fiction ont of drawing- room or smolcing-room legends is that it pro vokes charges of .plagiarism. , 