ALL' EIGHTS EESEKVED.] PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE MENT. BEAUTIFUL ROHILLA, BY HAROLD CHILD, Author of " Drive.v by Fate," Etc., CHAPTER XV. (Continued.) For a moment he could say nothing, so lorriñed ■«".is he at the change in her appear anee. It was but the ghost of the ííohiLIa he had known before; pale, thin and hollow cherited. But she, after looking at him in a sort of gentle wonder, came towards him. He opened his arms, and she fall sobbing on his breast. "Why do you cry?" he asked, after soothing her for a moment. "I thought von were never coming again," she sobbed. " What made you think that 1" " You never answered mj' letter. And I felt all the while that there was sonic reason why you didn't come, something that hap pened before you went away." "You don't remember?" "JTo." j "Do you remember what happened the last time we two were alone in t|iis room ? " "You said you loved me." " You remember nothing else ?" "There was something else, but I can't remember what." And her eyes wandered round the room in j painful bewilderment. "Thank God'." muttered Robert^ Better surely that she should forget that, oven at the price of forgetting much' else. So far love remained,, and fear had vanished from her. memory. He resolved to say nothing that might recall the exiled terror. "I"was under your window last night,"' lie said. " Last night! Then you heard- — "I heard. I-followed him home, and I promise you he shall trouble you 110 mare." " Oh ! but I am afraid of him. If I-don't give him what lie wants he will tell." I " Will tell what ? -' asked Robert, while his heart stood still in anxiety. " I can't remember," she said. " I iknow there is something which he threatened to tell, but I can't remember what it! was. -Whnfc -wfts-ife ?" ; - — ait till you are stronger,".said Robert, in heartfelt gratitude for her ruined .memory. ¡""Meanwhile remember that it was-nothing, i -you need have been afraid of. And Oliver jNIagub will frighten you no moré." ,~She smiled at liini like a pleased child. " Oh, I am so glad !" slie cried. And ■again the expression of bewilderment s'ettled on- her features. —-LiWiiat is .the matter..? askedHubert. _ " Do you love me still?" she asked sim P*3*- And on receiving his answer she went 011\. " Somehow I aspected-you -to hate.me because I have work to do." ' ; ' :','rWhat work? ".¿aid Robert, and JiolcoulcT not;breathe, till he receivedthe old anS;Wer.~ \- c^'t TCTnembGr. -"But l-know Í have goi , ro do something wicked. I have been afraid of it all my life, but since I -was ill I hsyeTprgotten what it was." ' "That, too, yoa shall know in time.." Ee saw that her illness had been a mercy the .greatest mercy that could have been granted her. For a fetr weeks, at any rate, she had been free from the cloud of terror that.Jiad overshadowed all Jier life.< And his-duty now was clear—to encourage her love, to take advantage of her condition and 3 ^fair means the powers of good in her, while the powers of evil were mercifully lulled to sleep. i "You love me ?" he asked. i " Olí, yes, yes ' ' ■ ' ! "Then you will do what I tell you.;won't you -? " . . ",3tes." "It;is this then. Never think of wha' happened before your illness. If ever you find yourself trymg to piece your recollec tions^together, stop and think only of our love and the life that lies before Js.' W try to. get all your strength back, for I ¿usfc marry Rohilla, not her ghost." "You are going to marry me," she cried, smiling again nke a child. , '\Ve;7 'su0n< if yo» will. r have business to do; Jjl-st. Tins very day I must 20 back to London, but- I shall, be hure.-affun to morrow." • ^ - AÍRsady under the influence of his presence the girl seemed to have regained some of her old self. A new confidence came into her yoice^new light in hen cye^'ind ,u.ihe breakfast table, at which by Mrs. Twaddell's command she sat down with the rest, - she surprised the innkeeper and his wife bv her animation. . Robert ^"vrn^'^e^ nodded approvingly at «•«•«*»*»*» »»•" When breakfast was over Aitkeji an nounced his intention of walking over to East ham to see Dr..Marsh, and of going on thenc e to Lonaon, to return ont te following day. He set out .with, a heart full of hope and joy, hfc™-®I!? frrivcd at the doctor's house his anxiety had returned. Itls delightful to see her so happy," he sa.d to Ins. mend, "but you must hear all the story. A^d >en and there he told the doctor what had already told Mrs. Twaddell and Jac¿ Buggs But in this case he added h!°Ob AT i°í" hiS d,scover.V of the paper m Olner Mogub s bureau, and of what was T, ,1 n1;0? at pa,pcl'j of his sudden and mysterious death, and his own sus picious. 4nd when he ii.-id finished the doctor s ftic0 was gnivc, "^'011 see. Marsh," said Itobert', "it all coaita to this.- At the present moment she has clean forgotten who and what she is,'and , Jler mother aud the row to. kill me w U1 she ever regain the. knowledge ?" doctor thought deeply for a moment, o'ljfear she will," he said. "In these cases something invariably happens, however' careful one may. be, to bring back memory of ^0. rnt. It rests largdy . with .you to vmwt that something happening; but it is1 suro&to; come some time or another." But when ?" ' , I. can't tell you. It might be any day now, or. not for years. Cut the be;Y tlnng you can do is to stick to your plan. ■¥&5'Jier> tl'eat ^er and then, )\1<rn, t!l? knowledge does retuni, it may be that .her love for you will have outgrown her rear of the unseen. 'Pon my word. ' I shall watch, the case with interest. A fí"ht be tween the two greatest passions in. the world -T-Jjove and Fear. It is touch and go ; but hove ^stands to win. And God grant it 111 ay Amen! said Robert. " And if, it is in winy power— . f $1 l«-gel.V-. But see,,as far as .possible, tlra.t cveryone.else is carcful.i Tell Mrs. T.waddell to keep that box, or lieep it yourself; and -never, if you can, help it, sav ■31 word that might, restore her ^ memorr of ;nvhat. is best forgotten. % the way, excuse .111.V curiosity. "Wliat had your father done' to hers ? • : * Robert.flushed and averted liis eyes.; ■ "I had ratiicr .jnot'tell yoú—yet,'; he said. CHAPTER XYL. ' . "JPexr Knocks-at'.ihe-Gate- • On the afternoon of the folio vin" day Ai&en; arrived, for the first time in hi.? life, at Easthain station, and started to walk to Alderswyke. Much of his short absence ,en i:I'en^ in deep conversation with his father s lawyer ; and ■ the portmanteau that was_now on its way to Alderswyke in the carrier s cart, was mainly'full of papers. For -Robert intended, in spice 0f his lawyers, to get to the bottom of his income and inake ¡vvast.calcuhifcion. .. • Y,alk(;cl UP the (lua'nt old strest, the sight of the shops into.wdiich ^ Rohilla had taken him that May.day could not but sadden him. He shuddered as he passed the chomists. But the sadness was short-lived After all,, no had much to be thankful for." -For in the spring he - had been bewildered walking blindfold in the mnzo of Rohilln's complex and Uncertain nioods and the. hidden story of.her past. .. jSW.he. knew all: and though much of the knowledge was birte ar.d.nncli tc:.rribie, .linhilb- "as b;:i the shadow of-her old Self.. *nd he worn and : wearied with doubc and difficulty, vet lie could not but rejoice that the mysterv was I cleared up and his path jdaai before him. AH j would come right now. . With caro und ten derness Rohilla would regain her strength. And her love was already his. A brisk wind from the south-cast blew upon him as he emerged from the street on :o the low cliff. He toughed to himself and I squared his shoulders to fill his lungs, with the scent of the sea. How easy everything •would be now ! It was to be a "battle, X)r.. -Marsh had said,between Love and Fear. - But . tlie Unseen was very far ¿way, and he him-. ■ self would never leave Rohilla's side. Could'. there be any doubt which could win ? Passing under the white slender column of the new lighthouse, lie noticed that to allap .pearances it was finished. He could see a man busy cleaning and polishing the shutters and the bright brass of the fittings gleamed in the sun. The sight of the tall white column, towering over land and sea, alone and unafraid, filled him with hope. There was an air of confidence in its graceful height, a look of alert security in its spick-and-span cleanness, that made it a good example for anyone with a difficult task in hand. One of the new lighthouse-keepers was busj' in the little garden that surrounded the base of the column. Seeing Robert's admira tion, he offered to show him over the build ing. They mounted the long flights nf stairs, and Robert was astonished at the size and strength of that which from outside looked so slim and frail. The lighthouse-keeper explained the workings of the great lamps, and pointed out the screens of red glass which were to warn vessels off the deadly sand banks. They stepped out on to the balcony, and Aitken noticed the ruined tower of Danliill Abbey, and the very cliff on. the face of which he had carved Rohilla's head, before, his quarrel with Oliver Magub. And there, a tiii3' spot of wnite behind a tiny pateh of green, lay '"The Anchor;" and in "The Anchor " was Roll ilia ! He wandered round and round the balcony, drinking in the beauty of tile bright sea," the distant cliffs, and the level green fields with a back-ground -of-wooda and hills, from which rose here and there a white church tower. • "How great and bright 'and beautiful the world i^ " he | thought. And his own troubles faded laway into insignificance; ; \- " And when-will the lamps be . lighted V. die asked of the lighthouso- keeper..— ! "Two or three days at most, sir, iuoiv. And not before they're wanted,, either. There's some ugly weather coming. Gales from the south-east, they say." " ' r. '* Ah ! I must look out for the light; So . far as I can see, it .is the red light that will be visible at Alderswyke." "Y es, sir; the-vi!lage-ip."oen there'll'coine just within the red light ; but I daresay by walking up the rivera mile or so you'll get in to the white light again—the one that goes due south on to the water beyond Dan lull Point there." They talked for some time, and - the lighthouse-keeper's good-bye was moré than "Tárfereiitial,-owing-to Robert's contribution , towards the funds necessary for setting! up in a new home. Robert walked briskly "and in the best of spirits along the shore to Alders wyke, and was greeted at the deor by Mrs. Twaddell. " My,-sir !" she said, " whatever have you got in that portmanteau ? It was that heavy rtbatXhad- ta get- William and young Jack : Briggs to-carry it'upstairs to your room." j "It's full'of .papers, Mrs. Twaddell/'' said •Robert.- - '-'-And for ft-day or-fewo-tespect you "won'tsee;muQh of m.e', . I've got,toyeadjevery ¿n'e oFthem through, and. thihlc 'a iit jabout >1.1 "uf Lliuiii. ■; I—suppose you; haven't; got a small table that you couldiet me haveiin my -bedroom f ora writing-table? I shall make such a lit'er if I open all the papers downstairs." Mrs. Twaddell had such a table ¡ and Robert, hr^Tng^carried it up to hisrooni, un packed his portmanteau, and piled the papers neatly together. At the end of an hour or two they were no ..longer tidjv Some were on the table! some on the bed, most :on the floor; papers<and parchment, deeds, letters and accounts, licterefd the room. -Robertrose, and stretched himself. -He could work no'more that. day. Eager to go out into the sun, he seizédf.his hat, and never thinking for a moment of tidy ing up, ran downstairs into the parlor.!- '• '" . Rohilla was sitting there, quietly at!work.' " Cuino !" lie. cried. " On with yoiir hat and come for'.i walk. The sun is shining, and the sea is laughing. Let us go out and he happy!" \- She smiled gently .and sadly at his boyish spirits. All day she had been sitting still trying vainly, in spite of Robert's entreaty,' to remember things, to pick up the ends of the tangled threads that formed her recollec tions. It-was-useless. -She knew-hut one thing, that while Robert was not with her she was a prisoner within the four grey walls of a monotonous apathy, conscious ail' the while that somewhere out of her sight the'suji was shining. And when he joined her she ' ■ -"'"(I like a .sunflower tó bask in his beams '• u to respond to his high spirits, she ve' .; sense of glad security in his compare -nd -if-there-was-but-one subject-on which her shattered :menuvry.'would i>ertnit her. to ta lk, it was-that which could never lail to interest him—their mutual love. " You do love me she asked, over and over again, like a child that is afraid of a scolding. And he found more and more pleasure in the words every time he gave her simple question a simple answer : "Yes. I love you." ; "•••_ He was glad to be able to say it; glad that his love had survived the shock of the great change in his betrothed. He had leif her bright and vivacious, the victim, indeed, of too keen a sensibility, -with a mind too: cpeii to impressions from the visible world with-, out and the invisible world of her thoughts.' He had loved her face under aspects that -changed incessantly, -the-rcgister-of. too rapid a succession of varying rhoods. Yet npw-,\w'heu'her mind seemed dead to áll'about her except himself, when her face was capable'of but two impressions, a gentle bewilderment ,md ,i gentler sense of joy in his presence; hé dóvéd her none the less. He looked upon the 'blañkHtall of her almost ex pressionless eyes,, and rejoiced that-to him had been entrusted the. task of cherishing Her luaim'ed'.intelligencej'of nursing back to i a happier life the memory' that liad* beén j mercifully cut short.- - •' Mercifully - indeed j* .For was "not his love the one thing that had •survived ? • ' ... • He talkedbut little on the wait, for though he could have revelled in laughter and happy speech,-he found that words.meant almost nothing to her- ..It was Easier to let her feci by the pressure of his. hand upon her arm that shewas in safe keeping. • Fot iwoid^ might rouse slumbering faculties thai were better left to be still. Ilis eaution was not unnecessary. Sud denly he felt her arm tremble, and a little cry escaped her lips. He followed the direction of her eyes, and vas vexed to find that he had chosen the path leading to ' liis new studio, which stood on the site of the ruined cottage, where Rohilla had dwelt, as a little child. "That was not always there?" she asked timidly, pointing to the bare brown walls of the new building. " No," he said shortly, and turned away For the look in-her eyes alarmed him. ..." I am frightened:she said,- clinging closer to his arm. "I don't know-why! 1 •can't remember.. But I an; frightened. Take me away." . ~" ' - ■ - - . He did. so at once, calling himself a fool. For into her eyes had come a .keener look of intelligence than any lie had seen there since his return. Memory was knocking loud upon, one of the gates of her mind,, the .gate of Fear ;.-^d. .treacherous Accident was ever at hand ready to open it. If that gate' were opened too soon, it might mean the -ruin of his life and her own. He saw the necessity of hastening her de parture from scenes that might at 1113' moment rouse her sleeping faculties and urge them in the wrong direction. ■ ■ "Rohilla," J\e said abruptly, as they made their way back to the inn, " how soon will you be ready to marry me ?" "Marry you?" The terror died in her eyes,-and she smiled up.atliim like a happy child. "That , means live with you always ?" : ■ *" Yes, always." She shuddered. " I couldn't," she said, " if you are going to live there," and pointed, without looking round, to the new studio. " It need not be there. It need not be anywhere in particular. We have che whole world before us. Dear, you are ill. You know that. "Well, I think you will get better more quickly it wo go right away from here —if we go somewhere vr?iere . iic>thing is T::iviti"-r" viiu !-'v; 110;'!!ü:' can biing back pain?;;! recollections." " (>h, yes ' '' she cried. " Lei us j?,, awa,* from here at once. I don't know why, but I mu fri^iitencii hero. I can't tdl J ala afraid oí. 1 thought it was 0"' er JUagub, bur it isn't only he. . There is some thing else—something iar more horrible ; and now and then I feel as if I was just going to remember it. and then it, 'slips away I don't want to remember it, and I ;un sure I shall soon, if I stay here. So let us gptvway soon—now !" . ; \- "In a week," said Robert. "There is much to do before we can get married, but everything shall be ready in a week. And then we wdl leave Alderswyke, and never see it ug'iin unless we want to." — " Oh, I should be so glad !" she answered, " I don't want to sec it ever again. Some thing horrible has happened here, 1 am sure; though I can't remember what it was, and you would rather nor tell me. Will you ever tell mo, I wonder '! Or shall I forget for the rest of my life ? .Sometimes I wish you would tell me all, for I feel as if I should suddenly remember for myself, when I was alone. And that would be horrible !" She shuddered and drew closer to Jier lover.' The battle between Love and Fear was raging hot, and more than ever Robert felt the anxiety of his position. He v.-as forced to watch the struggle upon which all his hopes of happiness depended, yet knew himself unable to help, save in the slightest degree, the cause of the side he favored, and able abundantly, by ¡my chance word or action, to strengthen the attacks of the enemy. That one week, which must elapse before tVieir marriage, was really all eternity full of dire possibilities of tvageáy. But he had work to do within that week, and lie had made up his mind that he could not in honor marry Ler before that work was done. To protect her from the insults of Oliver Magub he had felt himself bound to let the village know some of the story of the past ; he owed it now to the memory of ; Rohilla's father and the girl's own claims openly to complete the tale before he took her away from her life-long friends and admirers. The actual telling of the story would be hideous enough, haling, as it must, into the pitiless light of truth the evil deed of one whom up till the very hour of his death he had loved and honored. He thought of his .father's ghastly and, sudden . end, and -the confession of guilb that fear had wrung from "his lijte in his last'moments.' -" What right have I," .Robert, asltedhimself, "■ to rake up, the vile'bld story again ? " • -But the consciousness- that in that way nlone-could recompensé be made for a wrong that so far hau gone almost unpunished, that through'hun,.at last, would justice be done, however bitter the doing, compensated for ' all "the shame and humiliation that...he saw before him. The lovers were hidden for a moment from all eyes "by an angle in; fche liiglv bank of the river.. ..He drew .Rollilla close to.him, shield ing her,' mind and. body, from the-myriad dangers, that surrounded her. Their lips met, and Robert- registered -a - silent—vow to go through with that which he had under taken. . Ilohilla clung to.him as her protector, in a passion of mingled love and terror, and li'j read again in her eyes that the coming week would see the-settlcment, one way- or another, of her future happiness or misery. But she was-his—his ! And the joy of her beauty tilled his heart And .ran like fire ,'through'hik.veins. . Love'must , and should véást out'Féár; ... t'Í.Youiove mu?-" she.srliisp.ored again. : ,i. .•E'orlite andAjqath L" he murroured CHAPTER Xa IL The Curiosity of Mt.s. Tv,-ai>i>e'lL. " William," said Mrs. Twaddell to her hus band one night, " whai's up, do you- suppose?' " Eh ?" replied a sleepy voice front under the clothes. '.'■'What's up ?'"I'8aid, William. There ! I)ou't.go and pretend-to be asleep when I want to talk to you. .. What's up with Mr. Aitken ?" *• "H6w ¿tri T t Vi n^r"?" . . .. , " Why, all-those papers coñiing down from London in his-portmanteau • » and;he sitting there hour' after1 hour reading' and making note^, and doing stuns on bits of. paper, .¿ind writing to his lawyers in London, and going otif. to post late, and being so ..secret, and ^keeping so quiet ; and it's ¿11 about Ro, of thai I'm certain.'"' - ■ ■ ''How d'you know !" asked William, more from a. sense of duty than of any interest in the subject. , " Well, don't I dust his room for him ?" "Maria," said "William slowly, "you've been——" ' • ' " Ko, I haven't. But with the papers all over the bed like that, r.Tid on the floor, I had to pick them up, and do a bit of tidying, and I couldn't help seeing a little of what they was about." " Well, and what was it?" said William, this time with mors interest. "'Twas all about, Aitken and Critten," said Mrs. Twaddeli, " Now, you remember what I told you he said, about lio's father's name being Critten, and how he hanged him self sudden-one morning ? Well, it's my be lief wehaven't heard half of that story yet, and there's a lot more behind. And I can't rest till I've heard the -whole of it. 'lis my belief that Mr. Aitken, .or maybe his father,, was in some way to blame for what happened to llo's father, and he's some idea of setting things right befox:: he marries her. Now what do you think, William ?" Can't say," yawned William. "How. don't yon worrit your little head, Missus; When he wants to tell you, he'll tell yoü ; but take my advice and don tgo nosing about other folk's affairs till they ask you to. And for goodness' sake, let a nxan get some -sleep while he can !" " There now, William Mf that isn't just like you. You hear all I've got to say and then pretend to round on me for knowing it! '.Tis only from a sense of duty, as you might. know,.- William, tlwt I think about it all. The girl's -in my charge -until he marries líér, ánd i should think shame of myself if I let things go on under my very nose without finding out all I can about "them. And I don't want to know anything about it, I'm sure. He's one of the nicest, handsomest gents. I ever see, arid "if you can't trust him, William, I can, and I wouldn't look. at his, pajjers not. for all the world, if it wasn't; • that I think it's my duty to learn all I can, arid——" : 1 . ... \- But the flow of eloquence was stopped by the familial- boom, which announced that little short of an earthquake would interest ..William till, seven o'clock ia the morning.. "Nevertheless, the little woman lay awake for half-an-liour trying, to put two and two together to inake.five. _ . On coming down in the morning she; found Robert already in the parlor, waiting to . speak to her. — " Mrs. Twaddell," he said^ I am going to see the registrar at Easthani this morn ing, and the wedding-day will be fixed for next Tuesday." " Tuesday, sir! Why, whatever will the poor child do for clothes ? " "Clothes? Oh, she will only want what she's got. It will be quite a quiet wedding. You see, she is a Catholic, and I am a Pro testant ; so our being married in Church wouldn't mean much. We shall be married in the Registry -Office, and you and Mr. Twaddell must come and be our witnesses. And as for frocks, why, she can have plenty when, we get to Paris." " Paris !' You're~going away, then ?" " Yes, for -a lóng- time-probably. I must find a earetakor for my new studio, and we shall go away- on the Tuesday to. London, ' from there straight away-to Paris, and, then I don^t -know -where ; all_rpund.the.^vorld,J perhaps."TC-am particularly, anxious fchafc she : should not .see Alde'rswykc again 'for a' long time. It has many painful recollections for ;her,, and I want her mind to be completely ! recovered before we come here again." . "Then there is something behind," cried Mrs. Twaddell involuntarily, " Something behind ?" asked Aitken. Mrs. Twaddell blushed furious^, and bent over the fire. . "I noticed they had been tidied up," said Robert, quickly. "Biit, sir, I never " "Of course not, Mrs. Twaddell. I never supposed you had. But that brings me back to my original point. Could you provide supper for 10" or 15 of the young fishermen on Monday night 1" — " That~I could;-sir. ■ Wow, what'll you have ? " " We'll come to that Liter. What I want to say now .Is that it ought to be pretty early in the p.vcnirig, for I want to talk to them al! afterwards. As you guessed. there is something bahind; rrnd I don't want to say good bye and take Rohilia awa.y before i save tula you and all the rest the full story of '1 * - Can yc-t. v/aii'. ii'i he ;.sl;uvi, with a mischievous twinkle. (To op. ccmthiucL) Tur. ad vanee of science, and Scotland diss Hastio, a Scutch lady, is going for a trip in the- Soulli Seas, and ingoing to have inematogr-iph pictures taken of the islanders, whilst their speech • is to be recorded in phonographs. 