SHREDS AND PATCHES. \-----+----- BY ARGUS. The most recent snake story comes from Circular Head way, a section of Tasmania famous for its George Wash- ingtons, so this is genuine. A party of road-makers while seated round the dinner table in a hut some distance from the town by the Nut, suddenly became aware that an unbidden guest was at the board. Closer investigation discovered a huge black snake, fully seven feet long, coiling itself up one of the legs of the table in order to reach the eatables and drinkables. The men stood transfixed with terror for some moments, during which the reptile craned his neck over the table, seized a slice of Circular Head beef, and was just reaching for a plate and knife and fork, when one of the party started to expostulate with a piece of quartering. The snake, recognising that he was over-matched, relinquished the, bee', and, muttering something which sounded very like: - "A bloomin' inhospitable crowd," yielded up the ghost. Next, please. \------------ Friend Wilson is again on the war- path, and seems to take a peculiar delight in making Alderman Sutton the target for his shafts. I don't know whether there is a fatality hanging over the redoubtable W.C., but he cer- tainly has a knack of coming to logger- heads with everybody with whom he is brought into contact in public business. He now wants a grand valedictory function over the Fire Relief Fund, including, of course, a plethora of laudatory speeches, presentation of accounts, etc., but the reply of Messrs. Sutton and Fowler is somewhat of a frost. Translated into rhyme, the backhander runs thusly:— Dear Tasman I think 'twould be foolish A balance-shceet now to produce, At the risk of being deemed even mulish, I'll see you-well, first to the deuce! Indeed, you mistake your position, You are not the boss of the show: Our Southern friends need recognition, And so my advice is-"go slow." I know you are eager to blazon The part in the movelnenlt you took, But there Is no rhyme or reason lit in publlishing all in the book; . No need to proclaim to the million, Who got the ol!d dresses or boots, Or who got a small help in bullion, Or who wore the second-hand suits. Indeed, now, I ask as a friend, Tas, Would you like to see every cheque, If but for ten bob or a pound, Tas, Appear on a Ilewspaper deck? It may be for cler'cal assistance, Or perhlaps for some light under-wear, Such an act woul(l arouse some resistance, And cause the recipients to glare. And then that absurd public meeting, To slobber each other with praise, Votes of thanks ad nauscum repeating, May accord with TWilsonian ways. So if for the jam you are hungering, Why, hold it, and lay it'on thick, r But of all such compliment-mongering, S. J. is most heartily sick. The fashionable intelligence from St. Helen's, which appeared in a Laun- ceston paper recently, was particularly interesting-to the residents of the locality. It appears an itinerant mender of Dots and pans took unto his bosom a lady in a somewhat similar station of life, and the event was recorded in the press, with a great flourish of trum- Dets, as an item of social news. The tinker declares be never courted such publicity, ps he is not the "soort o' cove as puts side on, neither is the missus." Newspaper people should beware of the festive practical jokists of George's Bay. I have a faint recollection of a description of what turned out to be a bogus yacht race, which appeared in a Launceston paper some years ago. It made very pretty reading for Laun- cestonians no doubt, but- Great Scott- at St. Hel'n's the band didn't cease playing for months over it. \------------ I have received the following from a correspondent:-Dear Argus,-I am sa a dirty. Although the City Council has a brand new public baths, and there is plenty of water running downi the streets, I have not hlad a wash for years. My face is stained and weather- beaten, so that my features are undis- tinguishable at a distance, and my hands are covered with grime. As I belong to the City Council, I think it is time my "Fathers" gave me a good scrubbing. I would like a Turkish bath, but I am afraid it would not agree with my constitution, and to dry me would require the full stock of the city huckaback. When I see the well- dressed, cleanly people comilig out of church every Sunday, I feel quite ashamed. As my godfather is a canon and chaplain to the Moyor, I certainly should have better attention.—Yours respectfully, St. John's Clock. Some people have peculiar ways of wording an advertisement, and a glance down the "wanted" column of a newspaper often affords interesting reading. I noticed, for instance, that a farmer advertised recently in a Tas manian paper for "a boy for driving. There are, individuals who take delight in collecting these curiosities in adver e tising literature, and preserving them in scrap books. Some selections from one of these collections was Dublished by a colonial newspaper lately, and I extract certain of the "gems":- "Wanted experienced nurse for bottled baby." "Wanted an organist and boy to blow the same." "A boy wanted who can open oysters with a If reference." "Bulldog for sale; will eat anything, very fond of children." "Wanted a boy to le partly outside and partly behind the counter." "Widow in comfortable circumstances wishes to marry two sons." "Furnished apartments suitable for gentleman with folding doors." "For sale, a pianoforte, the property of a musician with carved legs." "Annual sale now on. Don't go elsewhere to be cheated —come in here." " A lady wants to sell her piano, as she is going abroad in a strong Iron fr'ame." "Lost a collie dog, by a man on Saturday, answering to Jim with a brass collar around his neck and a muzzle.' "Wanted by a respectable girl, her passage to New York; willing to take care of children and a gooil sailoi'." St. Andrew's Day has come and gone, but the "braw Scot" was not seen in all his glory, at least in Launceston. The Launceston Scot takes his pleasure staidly, but I remember once being in Dune din on the anniversamy of the birthday. of Scotia's patron saint, and the city was almost entirely given over to bagpipes, Highland fling, auld haggis. The wail of the first-mentioned was paramount from early morning until very early the following morning, and as the daylight crept in at my window, and I could hear the stragglers making heavy going home wards, I could not help recalling the following appropriate lines of Glen- rowan:— When the last big-bottle's empty, and the dawn creeps grey and cold, And the last clan tartan's folded, and the last big lie is told, When they tatter down the footpath in a brave, unbroken line, To the peril of the passers, and the tune of "Auld Lang Syne." You can tell the folk at breakfast, as they watch the fearsome sight, They have only been assisting at a "bran Scotch night." A writer in an Adelaide paper has gone one better than Rougemont, of turtle- steering fame. I-le tells the story of an old shellback who was swallowe.l by a whale, which had smashed up a boat he was in and scattered the crew right and left. The ancient mariner finds rioomy, comfortable quarters down below, and subsists chiefly on oysters which he scrapes from the whale's interior. One day while scraping off a meal he came upon the following inscription carved into the side of the leviathan:-"Jonah of Nineveh." "Once 1 saw that there cognomen," he explains, "o' course 1 knowed the identical craft I was aboard of immediately." 