FOR RUBE'S SAKE. Working hoars were over in the Great White Canyon. Mary Verner pulled down the little window of the post-effioe of which she was mistress, swept the contents of tbe narrow counter into a drawer, which she locked ; then pinning a broad- leaved hat abovethecurls tbat clustered ! about her brow, she passed out of ber log cabin into the swnct evening air. I As she reached the low fence which ran before ber house a harried footstep sounded tbrongh the gathering gloom, and a man's voice ea'.l ; ' is: vhat yon, Mary, my girl P Tou look score than a ghost uuder tbe shadow of c'.V-sr bnpbe=e. w " You've kept your promise, dearest, and co n«. to Pfie me," Rhe cried, as she threw herst-lf ir.ta arms of her lover. Reuben Helse kiosed the red lips so frankly offend before be spoke. " Yes, Mary, I've kept my promise, but I've •omc to say good-bye." " Good- bye—^ood-liye ? You're going away ? You're going to leave me—jour sweetheart your wife tbat is to be. •• My dear little girl, doa't crv—don't grieve. You've been my sweetheart; faithful and true, but we can never marry." The strong man's voice broke and died into sileuce. "Goon ; tell me the worst." sobbed the girl in his arms. "Listen, dear. You know that latterly things have gone wrong with me. The bit of moniy I've saved for our wedding in the fall was stolen, and tben the cabin I'd bniit for you down by tbe Blue Pools was burnt. Still, there was tbe farm stock and your little purse of savings left, but the drought has kilied the stock aod—oh, Mar>, how can I tell you ?" Mary drew apart from her lover and steadied her trembling form against tbe garden fence. " Someone has robbed you of tbe money I gave you. Oh, my poor boy " She etretchodforth ber pitying hands towards tbe man before ber, who only bowed bis head and shuffled hi* feet in the thick white dust. " Tell me, Reuben, tell me how it. happened. Ah, surely, jou are not thinking tbat I shall blame yon for such a misfortune," aod once more she crept to his side. But R»-uben thrust her trom him. " 'Twas no misfortune ; 'twas a crime. Tour little savings, those few coins you've starved and scraped to keep, lie there." He pointed with his lean, brown band down the canyon to where, amidst a dense mass ef foliage, a few lights twinkled. Mary staggered. " Down there ? At Ffollielt's | I lost it all at faro last night." For a moment no sound but the evening breeze whispering amonf the crerpers and bushes and the harsh note of a night bird broke the silence. Then a woman's voice, tender and low and full of tears,murmured,"Rube, dear Rube, I forgive you " " Don't. Mary, don't! I'd rather you would strike me!" The stars twinkled their diamond eyes on the man and girl as they said farewell. For Renben bad settled to leave the canyon that night. " Bill Kedfern, One-eyed Sammy, and Joe, the Porlugee, are going, too. We're all broke, and maybe will starve out there," and he waved bis band towards tbe wide forest land of Arizona, " aa in this canyon here. Don't sob so, my girl, you'll break my heart. I'm not worth a tear trom your pretty eyes or a choke in your white throat. But, Mary, yon might pray for me sometimes, snd when you're married to a good chap as don't go to Ffolliett's and neglect his fsrm for the tables and the bar, think of me-e, who loved you, but was not worthy to have you." Reuben Hasel and bis companions bad been gone from the Greit White Canyon tor a week. Mary's cheeks, never very foil of colour, had grown pale and heavy, snd blue lines beneath her la rye eyes told of sleepless nights and many tears. Yet Paul Harding—" Beauty Paul, as he was celled in tbe canyon—thought he had never seen Mary look so lovely as he clattered op to the door of the poBt-office one morning and asked the young f»9*£.mkl>re«a if there was anything for him. *' Nothing for you to-day." Yet Paul seemed loth to go. He pulled his long, tawny moustache, jingled his spurred boots npon the floor, and continued to stare through the pigeon-hole window at the girl, as she flitted about her usual business. " Anything I can do for you ?" she asked him presently. No," Paul said slowly, taking iu every detail of the sill's pretty figure,clad in a cotton frock of gentian blue. " But might I speak to you oae minute—privately." " You can say what yon have got to say where yoa are." He stared silently, firaS bt his bsote, utd as his ey^e wandered up tbey lit on the snowy shelves of bright ntenrls, and shining saucepans which lioed the walls. " How different you keep the place from what a Bum's ebaDty is " But he stayed his compliments. " You live down by the Blue Pools, don't you ?" ( '" Yes, next to Reuben Halse till hiB place] was burnt out, snd he came to my shanty. I< saw Rube three days back." •• Yon saw Rube ?" Mary clasped her hands above her heart. " Yes. He and his chums passed through Long Tom * ranch. I've been ont there tbis two months past helping him brand and count tbe cattle. Rube told me that you and he had parted, and the reason why. He asked me to look after you a bit. You see, we've been good pals, and I'd like to do bim a turn bow he's gone under. You will let me look after you bow and again, won't you, for Eube's • ke ?" The handsome cowboy, tall and strong as a giant, clad in the picturesquely rough clothes of his calling, bent like a reed before the tiny, blue-clad figure of the post-mistress, who laid a slender white hand in his great palm and lifted her violet eyes to his daik ones. " Surely, Paul Harding, for Rube's sake, you may look after me when I can't look after myself." It was for Rabe's sake that the following Sunday Psnl dressed himself in his best, brought a little two-wheeled cart, g Sy with brlls and bright colours, to Mary's door aud asked her to drive out with him. The day was fair, and "Beauty" Paul am^ed her with stories of Rube, and when they came to an end he told hfr of his own home, in the heart of a green county in England. He made her laugh with his tales of college life, aud shndder with his descriptions of the' j campaign in Egypt,which be had gone through, j be did not tell her how he, an English ; officer, came to be loafing and drinking and' | gambling away bis days and bis health in Great White Canyon. , I The next Sund s Ma J r y shut herself within, ber log cab, D and Deitber tha b,o ' e sky nor the ; g»y fr.tr curt /•ort. aud .nit smartly-caparisoned .mnrtlir.nnn^.: 3 horso, , nori j " Beaoty " Paul himself could wheedle her out.*' " She would not be seen." she said, sternly" 1 •• with one of Ffolliott's lot." She, however!? rrp^nted and forgave him on his promise to I aa.end for ber sake. j is weeks aud months went by, and thejm-j of the canyon changed tp red and gold.' Paul found that if he was to look after- Mary he had to give up tbe saloon. And. indeed, for a space Ffolliett's knew him not, till one October morning his allowance— the money which buught his family freedom worn bis disgraceful presence—arrived from England. , yottte^aart week ffoUieU's wss a^j^ng^ monium, with ths " Beauty "as a presiding 1 demon. ! Mary heard of it and refused to speak or ! lock at bim. Then it was that be flung bimtelf before her one day and ptayed her to save him . from that which he was powerless to save him- , self from—drir.k and dice aud bad companions. And she did what other women have done : brfore Ler and will do again. She placed fcer hand in his, and, with ber heart full of Hubn Halse, she promised to marry Paul—for his soul's sake. The eve of their marriage day arrived, and with it Paul's allowance from England. The occasion and the opportunity suggested a carouse, and Paul informed tbe " bi.ys " he svould be standing treat at the Ftolliett's tlmt pigbt for the last time. I'sul was lull of liquor—he bad drunk Marj't health with every man in the place--and ht was also full of luck for once in a way. A pile of gold lay licfvre him on the tabic, and bo waa iust proposing another round in Mary's honour wbtn big Bill Kecfern strode in and was j greeted with a ehout of " Alloo,Bill, you back? j What luck, pard ?" " Luck, my lads, I leave luck to fools and dead beats. I've been working, and,thank God, I've worked for something. I've pnt my sweat aud muscle into the ground and I've struck ore! None of your dust or pockets, bat a vein as broad as au ox's back and as long as a river, and so I've come back with 8abe " Panl looked op with a start. Here was he drunk in a gambling hell ob the eve of hia marriage with Mary, and Robe had come back. " What did you say P " he muttered. "I said Rube and I had come back. But don't let me disturb your game. Come. rome. have a drink ; I'm standing treat, and as to Rube, here's his health and Mary's I " " I'm standing treat! " Bhouted Paal.tvprioging up. " Have a drink with me ! *' And with this he flung his liquor in Bill's faoe and made a rush at him. A pistol Sashed, a blue puff of smoke died in the hot air,and " Beauty " Paul lay stone dead on Ffolliett's floor. Some of them went up to the post-offi-* to br< ak the news to Mary. There was a light io the window, and by it they saw Rubo ar.d her sitting talking. Quietly and with bowed beads they left the oottnge and returned to Ffolliett's without f Jlfilling their mission. Next day a rough-and-ready jury having considored all the circumstances of the case and with dne appreciation of Bill Redfern's prowess as a dead shot, decided tbat Paul bad courted on purpose a certain deatb, aod they returned a verdict of •' Suicide while of unsouud mind." 