ENTERTAINMENTS. (Br^Psops.") Enormous audiences and enthusiastic applause are at präsent features in con- nection with the Cremorne Garden's show, which must be as gratifying to the management as the psrfornianC3S provided bj' Mr. Harry Rickards' company are pleasurable to those who'sea them. A.9 I have previously said, it is really a bright and wholesome entertainment which the company gives, and one which, in some respecte, has not been excslled in any of the other colonies. The Opera House in Melbourne, even in the zanifch of it3 pros- perity under Mr. Rickards, has never had a better company on its stage than that which is now appearing afc Cremorne under the management of Mr. Marcus. What tho salary list totals it would ba hard to arrive at, but it cannot be far short of £4DQ a week, particularly since ths in- clusion of Messrs. Winton, Deane, Lion, and others. Theatrical managers and, proprietors will know what this means. It, takes a lot of pulling up, especially in j the slack part of the year. I was in the j Gardens the other evening, and sitting behind two well-known. Melbourne men I heard one' say to th8 other, " We only want Will Whitburn here now, and we should have the be3t variety show in Australia." He was right too. There is not a Victorian in the colony who lias not ce sn or heard of Whitburn, and there are whispers that at no very distant date he will present him- self to Perth for a little while. The main attraction at the Gardens is the Kellinos, whose wonderful perform- ances, charming costumes, and unassuming style both on and off the stage, have gone far towards making Mr. Rickards' venture the huge success that it is. They must have a ton or two of luggage with them to enable them to change their costumes as frequently as they do. Their war ¿roba is magnificent in the: .extreme, and as they make their appearance in true Toreador fashion each night, they are received with cheers. And as for their performancas well, they must be seen to be appreciated. They have been a revelation to most acro- bats, and have given them a whole heap pf clever business to practice. ~' I am sure Miss Lilian Tree will not mind being placed after the Kellinoä. Her contributions have been exceedingly en- joyable, and the Cremorne audiences have been most demonstrative in their admira- tion of her. She succeeds in making her voice heard in every part pf the grounds, whether it be a pathetic br lively selection which: she undertakes, - and she ha3 to , appear on the -stage three or four time3 every night before .the audiences are satis- fied. Mc. 3. W. Winton's ventriloquia! entertainment is just as funny as ever. AU the other members of the company get through their turns admirably, and have on every appearance to respond to encores."" Mr. Sydney Deane's latest numbers suit the Jbaste of the audiences thoroughly, and the Waldrons .cause an immense amount of amusement. Miss Dolly Eicon, Mr. Jack Mannie, Miss Lizzie Kirk, Miss Ray, Doris, Mr. Frank Leon, and Mr. Charles Dillon ara ail warm favourites and help to make up just ab ant the best variety per£bnnancs that has been given in Western Australia. . The bompauy is to be here for a month yet. Miss Adie Conyers by the time these notes appear in print will be on her way round from the East to joint Mr. Rickards' Company at Cromóme Gardens.' Ye* Olde Englyshe Fayre, Perth, which has become au annual institution in the city, lias this year come to a sudden end. Business has boen extremely bad at the Fayre during the last few weeks, and j during 'the week before the ground was vacated Mesßrs. Jones and Lawrence's i Company 'worked on the commonwealth principle. The Fayre is now shut up altogether, and the* company which has been playing there is appearing at the Theatre Royal, which has been sub- leased by Messrs-. Pope and Dolohery. Thé show given is really first-class, and all interested deserve succcess. Amongst those who take part in the performances are Messrs. Pope and Sayles, Delohery, Craydon, and I Holland, thc Leunons, the Payne Family, Miss Celia Ghiloni, Miss J. Cleveland, I Miss Alice St. John, Misses Thorn and Dell, Mr. J. Lean, Mr. John Hodge, the Scott Sisters,' Miss Ethel Watson, Miss Patou, and the Anderson Shiters. . « The aiidisnc83 at-Fremantle Olde Eug-; lyehe Fayre. have, lately been very, small, and it is a wonder that the psrforaiers have been able to put any heart; into their tàirns. : A Melbourne correspondent writes me as follows :-" Wilson Barrett is still at the Princess' Theàtra. Opening' witSv ' Claudian,? it * looked as though the season would prove a fizzle. ' The Manx- man ' followed, and then business boomed. On all sides it was admitted that Barrett started with the wrong piece. At present .Tho Silver King * is being staged. Press and public are of the opinion that, on the whole, the original cast in Melbourne, with Titheradtf i as' :Daáver, was a better perfornianaa.than- th«*.-Barrett production. .¿-Harry , Rickards is, scoring a great succès*, .at.-j tiip ' Melbourne Opara HoU3o j with his .-; pantamiini ' Jack the c Giant J Killer/':which was localised by Mr. Pat; ¡ Fin«.-Afc the Theatre Rayai, Melbourne, ! Grattan Riggs has ^opened up Un ''Tho Shaughrati,' aud, so far, cannot complain 1 in the way of attendances. Riggs ha? some idea of going.. to the We3b, and already a representative is in Perth ' taking ; soundings.' Uiho company sup- ; porting hi'n a!; present ia a sbr«ng one, including Misses Ajina. Paorwya,.Dtt¿jjau, Biddle, anl Messrs. J. P. O'Neill, Tample Harrison, Chalmer^ - Williard, Nor th, Charl©3 Holloway au<l others. - Taerà Í3 abms talk of a jain opening the Cam- bridge Theatre, in ßourke-sfcreefc. - Miss Millie Fiukelsfcein, a lady well-koown ia Perth, has been doing well in tha Mel- bourne suburbs.-The veteran actor, Mr. Cathcart, bas been specially .engaged to play the ghost in the forthcoming pro. emotion of ' Hamlet * by the Wilson-Barrett Company at tbe Princess Theatre. Tbe real opposition to Helbaurne theatrical managers, during the past few waek?, has been the fearfully hot waafcher wahi ha3 , prevailed.«" J t have it on the nióst reliable authority , that Perth playgoers., af ter .all. are to have an opportunity of seeing Miss Margie Moore. When the la3t mail left Mel- bourne, Miss Moore, Mr. Harry Robería and a complete dramatic camp any, were leaving for a provincial trip, Ballarat, Ban digo, Geelong. &i.; Then they go to Soubh Australia, and aftar playing a season in Adelaide and another in Brotan Hill, they come along to Weîtera Australia, aai as they have ax extensiva repirjolre, they should do a phenomenal business here. Mr. John Forde, who visited m as principal comedian with the Braey Opera Company, when the last mail left was in Melbourne disengaged. Speaking of Braoy, this gentleman was one of the first to i^ieet the renowned Mime Albani. when the latter arrived in Melbourne. Nearly the whole of tha Bra-îy Open Com- pany ave now iu Melbourne waiting for something to turn up. Dan Birry has seized on the Gippsland hush fires as a means of miking money at the Alexandra Theatre, Ia one aob is seen the ' whole bush ol fira. This, of cornee, ne3333itate3 tha keeping up of a fire brigade, ail of whom, fully uniformed, keep vigil in the wings. Tba píese has thoroughly ciught oa, and big business is being don9 with it. Mr. Bert. Odgers, of the Dan Bxrry Co., contemplates au early descent on Parth, with the view of looking around on behalf of Australia's ssnsation- huuter. Marion Willis, aa astre« who many years ago visitai Parfch, ha* justfeturned to Melbourne aftar a short orovincial trip with the Hubert Dramatic Coarjiny. _ George Rignold is contemplating another Shakesperiai season in Sydney. A garden concert was held by the members of the G erm ii Club last Sun- day evening and was .highly suaaessfu', the membera and their friend? bain» present in large numbars. Th.9 program nî- was under the direction of Herr Fraicik. and tha following ladies and gentlemen con- tributed : - Mrs. Hassell, Mrs. Postar, Miss.93 Sutherland, O'shannassy, Elliott, Bourke and Harris aid M.-3. A. B jnjamin, who made her d-bitt in Perth and created a mo3t favourable imp? î3 son. H J; nam aar. was " Il Bicio," and ia rasoonse to ai im- pactive encore shs sang Gounod'-s " Ave Maria," with violin obbligato - bv Herr Franck. The conductor ajso delighted his hearers with a skilful raadoriug of Ernst's " Hungarian Dinaea/' and was loudly applauded._ 