UNIVERSITY SHAKSPEARE .SOCIETY. 'GHOSTS AND GHOSTLAND.' On Thursday evening tho Kcv. A. L. lieilhy delivered a lecture on 'Ghosts and (Iboit laud in Shaksuearo' b.-fore thu members and friends of the'Slukspeare Society. .Mr. J. 11. Symon, y.U. ( v icut're-iiaoiit). occupiuu the chair, aud there was a largo nudii-ncc pre sent. Introducing tbe lecturer, Mr. bymou mentioned that Mr. lieilby was to introduce the shadowland of Khakxpeare, with all its Weirduess and speculation. Mr. Uoilby opened hi^subjfctbysayiii^thAt ghosts wen.- wr.ipped up iu the state of immortality, and t^hal: spoaru had a good -Ju.;l to say about bo:h (subjects. Ue thought tho grt-at poet shouldlie studied from tliis psychic :idu. llo beiiuved iu gbvits, thouu'ii nut in ail thu phantasms and shaJowa »: Siiak»pu:ir--'s writ ing*. The ghosts of the leeiurer'b tit- ii'.-f were much more substantial th^n un-ro ethereal beings; for instanou, the «i!ix-tri«; current wad a much moro substantial thing than tho wire wbich conducted it, and ho iA.-liovcd, t«.-j, that Sbakspuare accredit.;d ghosts in ruality and immortality. He tvu atfected by thu tradi tions aud ethical convictions of the Kliia buthan period. His i aspirations wott heaven boru, but his methods of t-liuwiup thorn were local, thu medium l-cias' thu folklore aud fairyology of tho tim.-. The bohet of tho l-eop!o in Sbaksp--ar»'s tiaw took tho form of a pretty poetic form uf U-liet in wood aud fonrst fairies, aud bis writings were saturated with fairyo!^;.'. Th« 'Mid- summer Night's broam' was the mobt typical play to illuatr.ito the buauty of the poet's idoas regarding the fairic-, and to indicate the largu bolief of tin; puoplv iu superstitions aad thu supernatural. A mu:ber, (bo lecturer said, could rind no fairy story su protty, tasciuating, and uioro bevutiful to hor children than this charming play, llaving dealt with the idyllic view of .Shaksp«sre°-i bolief in ghostlaud, x^ represoutud by tairus, Mr. Beilby turced tho attention of his audi once to another furai of ghostly s»iH;ratition in witchcraft. The bard of Avon, in common with all other peoole of his day, was atfected by tbe belief in witchcraft, but to understand bis allusions it was ab.-oiutv.-ly necessary to be come acquainted with tho historical records of ths peoples and conditions of lite of the period. Witchcraft, however, the lecturer showed, was no: a part of Shakspeare's belief in immortality, and was not on his creed, or part of hi* creed. Shukjpcsre fchoived that tho evil spirits wore thought in hi* day to exist in animals, and Mr. Ik-ilby illustrated this popular belief by quoting Macbeth'* speech to the ghost of lian-iuu. The lecturer referred to Haralot's Address to tbu ghost a* a speech of indecision. Mamie t feared thu ghost, becauto of tho superstition that eha-tn were always hovennjc aruuud to allure people to d«?»:rtiction. 'Thuu coai-.-sc in such * tjuw tionable form' did uot me*n a suspicious dis belief in the ghoat, but that tho ghost was opes to questions. It was a popular belief of the time that ghosts did uot cam about being questioned. and tiio lecturer syuipatbizt-d freely with the ghosts in that respect frvtn hi* own personal experience in the matter of being questioned upon all things iu heaven and in earth. Ho said that tbe popular belief that the ghosts of mankind wuat poking about the skeiotons of churchyards found no place in Shakspeare, for he believed thai tbe spirit! of immortality were iu a much happier and freer state of being, and tbe immortal bard taught that death was a mere transition of existence. At the dote of tbe leoture a vote oi thanks was passed with acclamation to Mr. lieilby, and an animated dincu&sion; iro.-e upon several of the points brought out in the lec.uro. 