AN IMPOSING' CEEEMONY. C0N5E /RATION OF FATHER KELLY ADELAIDE, August 14. Father Kelly was consecrated Bishop of Geralron, at St Francis Xavier's Cathedral this morning. Among tbe many ceremonies of th« Catholic church few excel the consecration of a prelaw for romp and circumstances as well as that completeness of detail which always distinguishes her functions. Tbe e'ev- ti.'n to epispocal rank of Father Kelly was attended with all the impreesiveneps nod solemnity which proi erly belongs so such important occasions The altar was resplendent with floral decorations and candelabra. The beautifully workfd vestments of tbe assiftant-biehopB, splendid robes of attendant pri-sts, delicious strains of Gnunod's • Mas9 t^olemnelle,' and the soft- light which filtered through the chancel windows ailed in accentuating the inspiring character of the surroundings and imparting a glow and cjlor to a rnaguificent spectacle. The ceremony was witnessed by a large congregation, though the cathedral WHB by no means crowded, ba'f a crown being charred for admifsion to tbe nave. The Bishop elect hae been making a retreat at Glen Osmond, while both he and the consecrating bishop, Dr Coibett, cf Pale (Vic), who performed the rite of consecration in May, 1896, with respect to Dr Maher, fes'ed on the day previous. The celebrations began with tbe entry of tbe consecrating bishop and attendant and bishop elect, the procession moving towards the altar to the grand strains of Gounod's • March Pontificale.' The consecrating bishop, bishop-eleci, and assistant bishops were then arrayed in their veBtmentB. The consecrating prelate, seated himself before the centre of the altar, and tbe bishop elect and assistant bishops having saluted him, the senior assistant bishop informed the consecrating bishop that— ' Holy Church demands that a priest present be raised to the episcopate.' The Apostolic briefs were read before the whole congregation, the Bishop elect reading the oath given in the ritual. The examination of the bishop-elect was then conducted by the consecrating bi6hop, after which the Mass of the day was begun, aDd continued riown es far as the Epistle. The bishopelect was again conducted by the bishops before the consecrating prelate, who said : \' It is the archbishop's office to judge, to interpret the Scripture, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer faciifice, to baptise, and to confiim.' Then all knelt while the Litany of the Saints was chanted. Tbe bishop-etect lay prostrate at the left of the consecrating prelate as R sign of humility. After the Litany and prayers had been read all turned towards the altar and the ' Venicreator' was intoned. The consecrating bishop anointed the head of tbe elect, forming the sign of the cross on tbe crown, and then anointed tbe remaiLder of the crown of his head, saying, ' Be thy head annointed and consecrated in the order of a Hit;h Priest by the Heavenly Benediction, in the name of the Father, Son jand Holy Ghost .' Next his hands were anointed and bound up with linen by 'he consecrating prelate, who ble*B d the crozier and gave it to the Bishop elect. He then read the offertory at the altar cf the chapel, and following this solemn office the Archbishop presented him with two lighted torches, two loaves and two barrels of wine, and continued the mass with the com-ecrating pi elate at the same altar, partaking of the same h' st and chalice at the communion Towards the conclu'ion of the holy sacrifice the mitre was blppsed and placed on the bishop-elect's bead, who was conducted by the assistant bishops through the church and imparted his b'essing to the people. He then returned to the altar and gave a solemn pontificial b'essiDg at the end of the mass. The whole ceremony, which lasted three hours, wbg concluded by a procession from tbe alter, the cboir singmg Zingtrili's 'LauHate.' No winon was preached. 1 he Archbishop enthroned in the RuLctuary, and, wearing the cappa megra, preside 1. Tbe following were those who took u«rt, in addition to the consecrating pxe a'e :—Dr Maher (Port Augusta), Dr Dunne (Wilcannia),assistant bishops; R°v J. H. Morton, V.G.. and Fatl er M'Killop chaplains ; Ven Arch-Priest Sevic, atBistant prieBt : Very Rev P. Hurley, deacon ; Fa'her M'Evoy, subdeacrn; Father Cosgiove, master of ceremonies: Father < ornes. assistant master of ceremonies ; Very Rev Father Vincent and Father Carroll, aBsittnnis at the throne. The musical j 011ion of t he ceremony was rendered by a powerlul choir undir the direction of M.r W. Gordon, who deseives the highest encomiums. Gounod's ' Mass folrmnelle' waB sung in its entireij, *rd an cffertorium, 'Ecce Panis,' settoan old Portuguese melody by Dr Crookal), with full Giegorian responses, end the Te ) etm Laudamus The solos weie creditably r. ndered by Mrs leoph, MiFses Moirifsey and Cur rig, Messrs 'eimingham, M'('r»anor, Walmsley, and 'Fdulkes, while Miss Nellie O'Sullivan was ) tfecidedly mcceesful at the organ. '.• • During tbe week Bishop Kelly WHS the recipient of congratulatory addresses from various Catholic bodies. In the evening, at the Cathedral, Dr Kelly cfficiated at Pontificial Visjeis ann Benediction, in thi piesence of a large congregation . Father "Vincent, supeiior ol the Passionitt Fathers, deliveted a powerful eulogium of the new bishop, who, he said, was the sect nd native- brrn Australian to be consecrated during the lasi. year or two. He had travelled all the way from Western Australia tn reoive the sublime communion at, which he was present. The Archbishop had given Bishop Kelly his first episcopal lesson, aDd what joy it must have bem to the Archbishop that day to see that young man in the prime of life, with a deeply stored mind, well veised and erudite, receive the unction of tbe Church, while he presided on the Throne. Those whom Biphop Kelly had left in Wtstralia would tejoice also. He was respected there for his highmindedness, and was a zealous and loviDg fri«nd of his flock. Faiber Vincent mentioned that the cross which he had placed on Bishop Kelly's breaBt that morning was made of Westralian gold collected by his faithful children out of love for him. Dr Kelly gives his first commuoion to about 200 children and receives novices of the Order of St Joseph. He will visit Melbourne and Sydney, and return to Westralia jn about a month. We underctand that Cartwright's English Comedy Company, under the management of Mfssis Rickards and WatBon, will shortly play a four weeks' season on the toldfields. During the trip they will produce ' The Middleman,' 'Moths,' 'The Idler,' 'A Marriage of Convenience,' and other stock pieces. Pattie Brown, assisted by a strong company, is to follow, so that things in the theatrical line promise to be brisk hereabouts for some time to come. Work was started on Wednesday in connection with the new stone post-office at the Boulder. The contractor for the building, which is to cost about £1 COO, is Mr M. Barr.v. A beginning has (says 1 Kaigoorlie Miner') also been made with the erection of a like class of post-office at Kanowna, by Mr T, Devern,- the contrac'or. Dr Seed has been gazetted RM.O. at the hospi'al, and Dr H. A. Leechen resident physician. Dr Reed is also appointed public vaccinator for- Coolgardie. 