ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF GERALDTON. CONSECRATION OF FATHER KELLY AN IMPOSING CEREMONY. Adelaide, August 15 With solemn splendour and with that completeness of detail ever characteristic of the Church of Rome in the performance of her ceremonies and riturals, the Right Rev. Dr Kelly was consecrated Bishop of Geraldton in St Francis Xavier's Cathe- dral on Sunday morning. The Right Rev. Dr Corbett, Bishop of Sale, was the con- secrating prelate, the Right Rev. Dr Maher, Bishop of Port Augusta, and the Right Rev Dr Dunn, Bishop of Wilcannia, were the assistant prelates. Within the sanctuary was seated the Archbishop of Adelaide on a throne, wearing the Cappa Magna He was assisted by the Very Rev Father Vincent, Provincial of the Order of Passionists in Australia and the Rev. Father Carroll, S J, of Norwood Solemn High Mass was celebrated The ceremony began with the vesting of the consecrating bishop and bishop elect, and assisting bishops, at the altar of the Sacred Heart. The bishop-elect genuflected be- fore the consecrating prelate, and read the oath word for word as given in the ritual. After the Epistle the bishops conducted the bishop - elect before the consecrating prelate to the centre altar, who recited to him that it was the archbishop's office to judge and interpret the Scripture, to consecrate and ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptize, and to confirm. Then all knelt, while the Litany of the Saints was chanted, the bishop elect mean- while laying prostrate at the left of the consecrating prelate. This prostration is typical of the fulness of the self sacrificing life and of the humility which should inspire the new prelate. After the Litany and the prayers appointed for the day, all turned towards the altar when the Vene Creator was intoned. After the first verse the consecrating bishop sat and annointod the head ot the bishop- elect, who was kneeling before him, with holy chrisni, forming the sign of the cross of the crown, and then annointing the rcmainder of the crown of the head, and saying, " Be thy head annointed and consecrated in the order of the high priest bv the heavenly benediction. In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Next the hands of the bishop-elect were annoin- ted and bound up in white linen by the consecrating prelate, who then blessed the Crozier, and gave it to the bishop-elect, who was kneeling before him. After the offertory the consecrating prelate again sat, and the bishop-elect presented him with two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine. Each of these portions of the ceremony had its special significance. Mass was then continued by the bishop- elect and the consecrating prelate at the same altar. Towards the conclusion of the holy sacrifice the mitre was blessed and put on the head of the bishop-elect, who gave a solemn Pontifical blessing at the end of the Mass. 