The Wineries' Step-mother. By EVA WILDER BRODHEAD, in "Harper's Bazar." Luisita's feelings in the matter might not be Important; indeed, Jesus Maria Viguerie had already assured himself that in a situation more or less complicated Lutoita's attitude was the single fdaturo which ceed not be considered. Yet the wailing " Ay de ml !" wtith which, a«tcr a moment of aghast fiDlen.ce, ehe received tola tidings struck upon her father* nerves almost as convincingly as it itlhe girl hod uttered an authoritative deoumciailcib, of hi* pKaiuß. Jesus Maria, had of course fcwe acaa that Lui«ita would probably not Hike him to marry again. He had- also realised •chat the nuttural'ly frnatloinal quaftrty peculiar to her sex mfight be depended c<n to tuirateh the girl with unenwwembl© arguments in favour of ber own—slipshod luouaelceeping, and her father's pure obliquity in not per manently resigning bimself to it. Slnco she did her best <to make faim domfortable, wftat more could he ask ? So 4he would very likely con lead, iforgetuing that her beet was very bad Indeed when comparea with the ordinary quality to which her mother, now a year dead, thad apcustomod Jesus Maria. Indeed, the virtues tof the departed Senora Viguerle were largely (responsible tor the betrothal whioh Jeeuo Maria had just an nounced to his daughter. The aenora had been a wpman of parts, who tad seen to U that corn should never fail tin. the mill, nor dried meat in the barrel, and w&o; wtfth he> own hands bad cut thrice a year the alfalfa crop in the Tittle vega, and tended 48m ditches «nd the gosjts, «nd washed and sewed and wtoven -and braided and cooked end done whatever to do. Truly she had been .a good woman, though Jesus M«ria could not deny that she had grown very old with the buTden of her activities, so that (her bones had come curiously into digit under the lean parched flesh, and her eyejji had gone too far back in her hciad for anytiWnfg like prettlneas. Pmntlr.eta, of course, I*3 notb/ng, and when sho <dilr<J Jrmis Maria had thought himself inconsolable. That fee was still Inconsol able h9 wsjs prepared to declare to LuMlta as coon «s *be tihoutd regain sufficient com posure tK> listen ibo hL«m ; for he could not evptedn to her while s»ae stood earing and moaning that bii proposed marriage waa •imply a iproof of bis undying constancy to her .mother. •*" HS' W*_£T !" •rtbbed thrusting the Mac* hafer off her anguished- brows 4n a sort of STcken bewilderment which touch ed -her father uncomfortably. She w»uM get ovw all tbis <presently ; but for the moment tlure was In tfoe «umb pota of T»er broad Childish face nouiethlng wbioh made Jems M<wla nearly forget that her final at ttliide really dM not nmtter. The thing l<h*t mattered -was the final wt ttoude of Cruc. hto son, a jrouth cf 19, who, during hit father's recital, bad stood4t the window vainly cleaning the ttttfe temp dn his m*n«r's cap. Cn« was one of the night shift at 't*e Dauntless ooMlery, the "tall npple of which, ■cwrld be cciea stlllng across the srouth wf the eanyan with the imW ance of a Trtoce of RJoanan aqueduct. All its <irial-grrlm«l "beams and standard* stood boldly forth in the level rays of a run which wm sinking below this purple- summits of Abo Spanish peaks. It vmo tSaie for tho n'Bht shift to Ibe on duty, and numbers of men, Italian* and Mexicans mostly, were going u» the .broad curbleas road In a Sin buckets.*" 1au *W "* «*a*t«img lunoh- Cruz Viguerie art hi* cap on his head. The name on the lighted lamp shot up In a epsc tral panache above his thick pock-marked features Stolidity was indeed the usual charocterlstlc d Cruz's big plain face, for all the hint of Intelligencel and docility In it • but es he stood straightening hl B cap and looking out tft the 1-s^ening light wTiicb. touched the small geld crors above the «dob-> walls of the church of San Antonio of th» pla» there was something like etubbo-n and hostile resolve In the stern quietude of bis expression. Jesus Maria had often wondf red how ir wa^ that*bo handsome a man as he hhneelf—for there was no doubt of ills befog, even at 40 the best-lookhig man la Aguilar—«hould have hpd so unprepossevs'ng a son. He %ai solaced himself with thet«flect+rti that Cruz was at least good-tempered and obrdVnt ■ •but as he regarded "the young man now he became aware that there wa* at present noth ing in his air to suggest either mildness or acquiescence. Instantly Jesus Maria was ssnslblp of two emotions—one, of anger that bis d^clsbn should be thus opposed ; the other, at furtive uncertainty as to the manner in which nrat, moal, and tobacco were to be provided in ca«e Crux continued obdurate. Without Cruz's wages, without that monthly roll of the company's ocrlp which financially p?esed current in town, how should the hou*e be maintained ? It was a nfee question, truly, when one considers that Jesus Maria himself was entirely averse to labour of any kind. " My Cruz," cold Jesus Maria, moved to gentleness by a contemplation of the fa^ts of the case, " you are silent, rh ?" H s voice was full and rich, and the heavy Span ish of the foot-hitis rolled from bis lips Wth persuasive sweetness. " But you are glad with me, is it not so, that joy comes again to our bouse 1" It be paused too suddenly for a fine effect, 4t was because Cms bad taken a dnrp stride toward .the door, with an exceedingly ugly light under fefc brows, ~ > " Joy !" crlod the young man, holding up on the tbrodhoML He teughaa harshly, wad then 'turned and rasped) out In BmglUh : " Joy ?No! My mother to dead. You hear? —dead. I work for no new one.- Me, I git out. Sahe ? I «tt out quick. Dlot, yes ! —I quit." There waa no mtetakfoe (the lucidity of bhte abatement, and to taking it In Jevus Maria* wrwtfa flamed hUgh. "Ho !—you gtt out, efc T" he cried. Since Cruz had cbc«en to repudiate their jiaitive tongue, lie, Jesua Maria Vftfcuerie. Swtild cope with Mm renegade tn nay iway he migrat elect. " You quit, eh ? Malbaya—l mean d*«n ! Ob, Ino fool, me !—I split bow you like ! And Ido what I want if you like or if you don' Ilk*. See T I marry me a Trtfe, good, young, beautiful " At this effective pcitot there ahrJUed out a ■Ehta, exasperating ktugib.. liulsfta, finding fceroeW backed up by her brcdher, bad mast ered (her grlaf. Rage bad ooaquered pain, •and defiance now lurked iin the very tilt (if her plump cinnamon - doloured ohm. " Beautiful r gurgled Lutsfta, nditb her hands on her hips. " Dtoa !—«, pocr tiling like iflaat !—and old. She iwQl toave moTe as twenC!y-«©v>Mi year ! She is of the -wMemess of my hand. Her 'adr to raid. She tool herself go!" Amd Lulsilta pluck- In* up ia iprltn mouth. drew bar shoulders lDto a narrow - epaoe. Yea, so «he hoi' herself. Don' I know? Haven' I work for her father? Haven's she learn me English? Ho!—I should belief it! All right. You marry her, then. Me, I go where my brother goes! Cm*, what you do, I do.". Crua was still acowling, and his muttered Blen," was not a particularly cordial avowal of delight in his alster'a announce ment. He allowed her, however, to grasp his arm firmly, and in another moment they were stamping out through the dry 'dobe yard to the payeless street. It waa now something after sunset, and the peak* massed their peach-coloured shoulders against a dim violet «ky, while from their heights a cool wind stole crisply down, rustling in the dark scrub oaks and plnons of the canyon which debouched on the village, and rioting over the silvery grama- grass of the plains beyond the Colo rado camp. Loungers were gathered about the doors of the half-dozen saloons and stores. At the post office, a pine shed with a single step before It, a crowd had col lected in consequence of the arrival of the evening mail. Most of these were men, and as Crui and his sister approached they had Just separated a little in order to clear the way, that a woman emerging from the door might reach -the street. She nodded here and there in a shy fashion as she made her way through the press. She was tall and very slight, with a pile, gentle face, and a curiously deprecating glance. Her shoulders drooped a little, and she rested inertly on her hips in walking, as if the abstraction which held her face to a look of smiling reverie had left her too little strength for motion. Aa she came iv sight of Crux and Lulslta, she started and drew a quick breath. It was they !—her two chil dren to be—the son and daughter of Jesus Maria Viguerle. Angelina White alre d knew them very well, those two. Five year since, her father bad " taken up" a home stead on the verge of Aguilar, and in An geline's housekeeping duties Luisl'a Viguerle bad for a moderate wage assisted. Luleita, even in her childhood, had not been a ro mantic figure, being of squat figure, with suggestion of Indian blood in her blunt young face ; but (here bad never been a thne In these years when Angeline tad no', seen something eminently picturesque Id Luteita'a father. When he tore up to the gats of the White homestead, a superb lithe figure on a gaily caparisoned mustang, with the magnlncant aweep of a ailver- banded sombrero shading his bronze face and adding a richer darkaes to his black hair and eyes, Angeline White had thought vague and misty thought* of the Alhambra and Grenada, of the bounteou Ufe of Valencia aa depicted In alluring col ours on the lids of fatein-boxes, and of An daluslan troubadours, who, in wide betae selltfd trousers,- IKted in these tableaux, their lmpa«iloned eyes to ladlea in mantilla- leaning coy upon the lattice of balconies Once «he had ventured to ask Jesus Maria, " Are you of Spaniah parentage, Senor VJ«u erle ?" And Jeaus Marie, much gratified, had said that the purest strain of Caetil-ra •blue in his veins. He forgot for the inatant that his father had been a peon, and that hi mother, an Aged Navajo lady, even then resided in a mud hut five miles up -the creek Jesus Maria had a buoyant fancy, -which re quired merely as it were a whiff to send It to the empyrean. Angeline had'thereafter not only regarded ■him "with .added respect, but had akto felt it her dtfty to spend come 'tame in Inducting liUla!ita itfto "the miyisJttrka of the EngMSb tongue. She <ttaA never thlou«ht of Jeou<? Maria in any but an Impersonal w»ht. One does n»t, el ccurse, regard a married man otherwise ichan impersonally, and, as tone might «ay, *n the abstract. But after thc naaaltog of Senora Viguerle things had Changed. Jeeiis Miarta <had ipeedily render ed .Himself very personal and »tta*£ 1 'eon onete *oon after toe Awnd Jhtroaelf <n>ngad, fdr bis wn convonftenloe. to take LAilena irwoy to mtnlswr t? hie -wanta. la renwjY lag her from t)he WhJte bomestead,1 wWch. since Aigeilne-a father tad also Wed, •*** Cast tapatng Into a state of natural death, Jesus Mania "had also abstpaot«l hie excuse for preaatiitag Wiaaelf «t the house. Hie ■every vlsLt tlhoreaftor -R-aa « aQotorat.oll. Yet, <when he be«an maMng love, Angeltne wals dazed vk-Jth the wonder of it. She (had never had a lover ; and he, this being with UOtte eJlver frtoges up 'tfbo aides of Wm leg 3, maa «n-oug!h Mio t<he Awdaltwian troubadour: to latove *n a mftst of romantic ■precedent. Jesua Maria toad littJe Bttgl^h except th popular oaths ay& iphrases which were cur rent on *be Ealoan porches ; but oaths, dis criminatingly, wppHed, <are no meain weapon in the bancW of Oupid. And. after all. th spoken vfati Is IJdtle. Angelme blusher and ipafcd «utd slgbed and nulled. Jecu' M'ar'Ja, uodoroSsmding this rtsetorlc, swert many thlscrs, and was considered eWqueot. One day wihen itihe postiristiress, a shrewd hurd-lbctflKle'd, k>nd-hearted Western woman, wbo had a fti'nkl>y *intero»t In the ianely vlptortary orctaltxire, «sked Angeline 1f sh w>a? " entouragtn' IShat there '9ck» Maria ViguerOe," Mlj« Wh»3te UfU<d rapt eyes and caM, " I «m gofos ik> be *hks wife." Whereat Mrs. Holding uttered an amazed cry. " You're craxy, Angeline!" she gasped. ".Why, h£a about as no-count and triflin' a man as ever wore shoo leather! Ho «ln't energy enough to pound putty. H» don't care for a thing 1n the world but ta prance round on a bronco, or eet in the ran smoking cigarettes, or play game* In «om» of these barrooms—which, if ever I git a chance to legislate agin' 'em, won't I ? Oh no! "What you and he goln' to'lire on?" "I don't know," said Angelina, absently* •mlling out on the bleached plain*. "Well, If you don't beat the bugs!" trumpeted Mrs. Holding. " I've been votin' for ten yeara, and I always brag women up* whenever I git the chance. But I d'know how I ©an say the first word for your good sense, it's women like you, Angeline, that put* spoke* in the -wheels of progress. "Tis «o." " I know I'm not «mart," said Angeline humbly, "but Jesus Marl* cays it's best that men should know most." " Know most! Why he don't know bean* when the bag's open ! Well, just remember that I told you that a vine can't make an oak tree out of a reed just by cllngin' to it, Angeline." " No," murmured Angeline deprecatlngly, " but If the vine thinks its reed is an oak. both of 'em are Just as we|i; maybe." At this juncture the evening mail had arrived, and Angeline had gone out through the crowd at the door, quivering with a pleased little sense of having replied effectively to • Mrs. Holding. It was in this moment of unwonted intellectual gratification that she beheld Crus Vlguerie and his sister coming up the street in the mellow graynees of the early evening, end at sight of them had felt a great ten derness welling -In her sentimental heart. Doubtless they had been told of the happi ness in store for them, and It was conceiv able to Angeline that emotions similar to her own, struggling in those two apparently apathetic breasts, had deprived them of all power of expression. For Cruz and Luisita. seeing Angeline, bad certainly assumed a dogged blanknees of visage which could not otherwise be accounted kindly. Angeline faltered. Then suddenly hold ing out her hand, she said, " Luisita." Upon which Luisita, Instead of bubbling forth some sweet incoherence of felioltatlon, merely set « hard mouth and looked away; while Cruz, barely pausing as Angeline in tercepted the way, began to plod on. Ange llne'o hand dropped and she shrank back. " Santo Cielo!" burst out Cruz to his sister. as they passed. " Why did you stop, eh ? Holy Saint Dominic ! " [. "Ho! me?" shrilled Luisita, overflowing with tears. "Me stop? I did not Ob, that I were dead and laid yonder on the hill!" In truth, her distant gase had not kept Luisita from observing the pain In her teacher's little dim face. Some elementary Impulse of loyalty had stirred in the girl when Angeline stood stretching forth that gentle hand, but the craft of the halt developed rose to stifle this instinct, as Luisita reflected that in the present state of thins* it would be disastrous to offend Ovu» by any show of courtesy to Angeline. As day* went on village gossip concerning the Vlguerles eutsided. Jesus Maria's mar riage had taken p'.ace early in the fall. The White homestead had been sold <for a trifle to some courageous person undeterred In visions of Abounding crpps toy the sterile ac« tuality of his purchtse. Angeline lived with her husband In ths 'dobe house which Tils children had deserted under the shade cf th* cottonwoods planted round the church, and the pink print curtains, newly hung in the deep-set front window of her new abods. were not without gentlo intimations that the life behind them was as rosy as An«:llne bad expected It to be. . Jews Maria, with glittering spurs ca hi* morocco fcoota «nd an additional thread oT silver gilt wherever his attire V«tvoiltti tt. •tood often on the «enj™ua porch of I French Oulseppe's place and held for Aby the bow to convivial frlen<la upon t*e ' b:»t, lt«d i es°l the conjugal life. The, Prcceeto oflje isita of the White homestea* expanded the *rart against which tt r^csea In «n ever-dlmlnlsh ltiK roll and the frequent libations- w tefc Jesus Marl* poured Into his being (behind th» saloon's sreen *alze doors atao contributed to bis spiritual exaltation. Those who were privileged to obsenra Senor Vlguerie In this expansive Period of his life were bound to own that h*P^«"? had touchW him only to adore. He looked surprisingly young and surprisingly **»*; «[>m* in his new clothes and hlgh-hceled SSJ. and even Mrs. Holding, seeing hln* flash by her door on * fcronco whose «carl«< "iebtes left a red streak on the vUmalmem ,ry, could not deny hia f™^ <*«»• - ••He'ii as well-favoured re thete tig red wSiW! It won't be longtillOuretfie.her Mr. Holding noticed that there was less JSel about him, and though to stm lln« \--ered around his old haunto. be *•■ »» f^eer Steaded by a throng of admiring Oulaeppe's swing so often in his «enettros fc^He's sjot to the btfctom of Ws pile." our mfced Mrs. Holding; and when she saw Adeline one day coming out ■£**•«*»: pany's store, with an empty *>«*«'f« *« arm and a look in "heT face as If stoe had been struck across the cfceek, there was Seded no tongue to tell Mrs. Holding that Senora Vlguerle nad asked credit and had been refused. . k That night wb««_£ruz Viguerle came U get his weekly paper Worn the office, Mrs. Holding beckoned htm aside. "Too and your pa still bad friends ?" she taMptived. ■ Crua's countenance, already as immobile as a slab of sandstone, seemed to dtadbars© iteelf of every lhigefrog vestige of expres sion. " I know of Ihlm nothing," he said. " Hull I" ejaculated Mrs. HoWfag. obserr- Ing him. She liked Cruz as much as «b» di«Uked hto father, but sne did not propose to sacrifice Angelin* to tWs preference. " Now l"ook here, Cru«." she insisted, "yom no l>ustaess setttn* yourself up agin* hla marryln' like you do. He's got a wlf* enough sight too good for him. Though most women's too good far the- average rum .of men. I ihalaK a «Teat deal of «se «oc men, Criu vaguflrie. - They'ira sttfcer pwtty ftr. ramrods, mostly. f And J don't know a*: the raw-rid kind like you to one, bTt tl beUer'n tho putty^ind )lke your^pa.".. ...... ; ,' * Gru* "expfthdtd to .^ apftr^*tltep,.*mll9 r ' "•■Met" he salo; fnfotiy. n&J; jfB«»*; so. Senora <Wdlrig:r ,'lt is onls tha^lfmli).' ■ay own business;? '"_ '' . ... ..,',, .' "I dessay a mule thinfta It* mrtadrn' it* own tyisllnees wh«a it, baJke !" isniflejd Mrs. (Holding. "AnyApw, wh*t I got to say 4s Ihifc, I'vexeaeoas itor thtaWn' your, ma and pa needs .help, and I tety you - right here that H'b your .duty *o help them-" ' Cruz maintained his calm smite. "Me, I mln' my owa ./business," ,he -repeated gently.. " Buenas .. tardes, senora." Be-' s&Ue; hia, appearance, of quietude, however, the ybungnman .was eensUbie, as he left the place, 4£at h4* smouldering anger at bis lather had. .been. Canned to lively warmth, •'BM they are in. needy eb 7 ißueno! tWhat la ill to me ? For what I care, -they max «leep to yonder teaUpit and feed on mountain ©Jay. They may warm them* selves dn the etold starlight that falls on my mother's grave." In the gloom and fervour of his bitterness, he etrode on past the house of nils aunt, where he and Luisita now lived, and still on until the low foot hills, the black canyon, the tipple, the gathering of mdnero' shacks, and the out lying mud dwellings of the Mexicans re ceded behind him into the night. Only the level prairies, illimitable and dark, were around him, and in them there was room for his mood. Perthaps some heritage of that aged Navajo 'woman, living five miles up the creek, was averting herself 3n he* descendant's stormy breast ; for a eavage need of space rioted in Cms, and he found himself oddly tranqulllised with merely facing the wild wind in the open, while away off somewhere the lonely barking of a coyote struck upon him a kindred note of ferocity and loneliness. " I will think of theea things no more," he resolved, turning. "It to not good for a man to murder himself with anger. Dies ! Jam tired as with running three shifts. I will «o home and sleep." It had grown still and cold, land the thin, icyl air struck sharp in Cruz's face as he re entered the quiet town and crossed the little bridge over the Apishapa. Cold it was, and still—so still that, as he came in range of the church and caught a little unusual sound somewhere at hand, he paused and gave car. Surely it w*» a sound of weeping that reach ed him—a portentous intermittent ac cent of wailing, of distress ! Cruz had a sen sation of sudden horror. For who does not know that since Viglel shot the young ranch man hereabout persons of unquestioned ver aoity have seen a headless spectre wander- Ing along the creek ?—a spectre ia a dismal twinding-sheet, be* ring a taper in its ghostly hand, and bewailing the fate that sent it un shriven into bale ? Cruz Vlguerte could now bear with his own ears the sobbing of the wraith, and as he heard it his blood stood still. As to the itaper, there was as yet—blessed Saint An thony, be praised !—no sight of any light. No light ? Jesus ! Mary ! Joseph ! No light? What, then, was, that sudden ray which Just now shot, arrow-like, across the bar* 'dobe at his feet ? '* Nuestra flenora t I vow thee all my life land four candles of wax " But the prayer died on Crui's lips, and the rigour of his frame relaxed somewhat in his sudden perception that the light was nothing more unusual than a beam from a window hard by (flashing between sharply withdrawn cur tains. Oh, decidedly he, Cruz Vlguerle, was •becoming a fool ! Ghosts ? Yah ! That fwindow wa3 the window of his father's house, and the rumour of weeping stole from with iheee well-known mud walla Without formulating any design, Crux moved toward the small casement. The curtains were avtill apart, and> she who bad thrust them aside, that she might send a plteously questioning stance Into the night, •tnsl where Orui oculd plainly see her, be fore the fireless hearth, covering her face iwitih her th&a; hand* and breathing forth a sort of tnartitoul&te; misery* The limp cJot ticxas of Angelina's atlttre 'hung close about her drooping1 figure. On (her wasted teanplos the reddish, hair shone silvery, and her wrtets were -white as bone* that have Ibkaohed tcng on the plains. There, in the Bmsfll adtobe-'piaoteped room she stood, cold smd wretched and forsaken, a picture co for lorn In, her soMfaudie and. despair* that Cruz started away, ashamed to have seen her In fh'Dt hour of desolation. " Hola 1" cried the young man. " I see how to. 4s. Hhey bave sold all the rug" off the floor. They are poor Indeed. And he —(he stays away -when© he can be warm and sjay. He leaves her alone !" Certainly sbto (mother was avengedl. Yet as he real ised thffis itjhte feeling in itihe young Mexican's hieart waa, sbramgefty enough, not in the least tfkad or (triumphant. *f VUlanous one !" hie exclaimed, passionately. " Galgo ! dog ! aratavag ! chiimp !" And having relieved himself of all the opprobrious epithets just When occurring to him, the turned and ran dbwn the street. In the gloom and quiet of the town French Gulseppe's was still a centre of light, though the scene within can 'hardly be describe*? as one of .unhallowed revelry. Several , men were playing cards at the tables in the cheerless room, brushing tnelr elbows" through the wet rings which their beer glasses had outlined on the wood. A man leaning against the bar was telling with ireiterated detail about a mule of his which had died during: the day, and French Ouis eppe himself was unaffectedly yawning as Bte listened. When ihe door opened the \- sound was an event, and every one looked ,to see who -had come in. Even Jesus Maria Vlguerie, withdrawn behind the stove In an isolation that meant financial or spiritual depression, or both, lifted an in auirlng eye. He was smoking, and his Sat was tilted ominously over his face ; nor id the sullen aspect leave him when he per ceived that the new comer.was his son. • " I have to speak to you," «aid~Crua, ap proaching. 1 " Son of a burro !" rejoined Jesus Maria, jralmly. " What do you wut T" j; " I want you to go home." ; "Ha! you want me to go Jtomel What leads you to think I care what you want, Dffshoot of the devil ?" ' " I have seen your wife. She was cry* |ng. There was no fire. She >'* Jesus Maria dropped his cigarette. " Cry- Ing," he said. 7'Bhe is always crying." Us rose, and followed Cruz outside. " She ■offers—yes. , He, I suffer too. But what -ea«-I-«o-* Oiie is goed,-Tnr"A«ggHney-trotr' istoe^dossinotc understand. :«o'>tnake nW'com ■ fortable.- rf She: tried, *it is '-true,- $o 'get a' otass-t» teach at th* school; bnt-^rogueiT! nends-J <pi«s ue AnwWica'ns •—ihey l would not' t«ike her because tftey n«d teachers enough ; co she grieves. - A womah should: not grieve, eh, Cruz ? It makes a man sad. Me; I think I will not go noorie to-night; I am very tender,: of.: heart. ''M\she is sOU weeding I should-feel badf" "And'wTiere' will Voii' go i ff asked Cruz with placidity, almost with mockery.. 1 "Bh, myOruz. I will stay wltn'yop and Luißita," said .Jesus Maria wtt^ filffi&hg; promptitude.' ' *' Where' my children ar* there ii ie best for me to be." , Cruz, under bis hat brlma, regarded his father with a UJnd of 'lialf-wmderin*, hali chiastisinp gaze. Jesus Maria's euperfloial- Ity was as hard to piptn'b as a bottomilefi*. pit. Its fa'ifhomlosß quality '.gave. Cruz a sense of' Biehtal dlzziniess. ' Presently ho pushed hie cap back, and laughed a. little grimly. ;-' "Ohe,! So. you go where your children are ? You choose to live henceforth; with them TV.''. He ,lajid Wmoet too vigorous a hand on ha father's^ &fxa;, and added in a deep voice ; "Come ithen-. Luisita and I, we live in the 'dobe house where we were bora. 1 took my sister there to-night before I came to find you.. She dries your wife's team. Tho senora will cry no more, for I shall see that thongs go well with her." Jeeus*MarJa,. taken aback, nevertheless preserved that line, if untutored, sense oi dramatic fitness whlfoh had ever enabled him to transcend circumstances by comport ing himself in harnnoay with them. " Son of my heart !" he breathed chok ingly, as he let his weight go somewhat lax in Cruz's (hand, and indulged in a beatffflc vision of scrip in such renewed affluence as the young man's words pre saged ; " and I thought, thee cold and wicked—thou, my one hope, who art all love for thy broken-hearted, old father !" " I am not all love for you—'y God, no !" growled Cruz, falling to respond to this tender outbreak. "It Is all one," signed Jesus Maria, sweetly, " since your bosom melts towards my Angelina—ah, amadoTa ! blessed wife !" "My bosom does not melt," retorted Cruz, giving his father's form a rather rude impulse towards the maintenance of its own balance: " Hola, no. What I do, I do for myself. Babe ? I will not be made to suffer by seeing you make others suffer. Sabe ? I would like to feel good, and see you feeling bad. Hi, yes. But if you—and others—have got to eat before I can swallow my own bread, then there is nothing for m* but to feed you first. lam of evil heart, you see. I aot only for my happiness."- 