J BABBLE PROM BABYLON (BY SYDNEY HALLIFA-?.) WEEK OF CRISES DEVELOP- MENTS IN THE FAR EASTERN- RATIC DIPLOMACY-THE BLACKWALL DISASTER-A POLITICAL FRIENDSHIP - RITUALISM AND ITS OPPONENTS-A SILLY WAR. Westminster, June 24. j On opening one's morning paper at the commencement of this week, this is what she found in the matter of crises :-? 1\. Crisis in France, no Ministry. 2\. Crisis in Italy, no Ministry. 3\. Germany : Elections in progress. Socialists gaining heavily. 4\. Austria-Hungary : Chronic crisis. 5\. Spain : Chronic crisis. 6\. Japan : Agitation for the reform of the constitution. Crisis imminent. 7\. China : Chronic crisis. 8\. Siam : Crisis brewing. From this outlook it is possible that a cynic might deduce the conclusion that a dose of absolutism is the only palliative of irises. PARTY STRIFE IN JAPAN. If the news from Japan be authentic to the effect that Count Okuma, the late Foreign Secretary in Japan, is about to form a new party, the principal plank in whose platform will be the revision of the constitution-the land of the Mikado will soon be the centre of much bitter party Strike. There seems something strangely incongruous in the adoption of Western Parliamentary ideas by an Oriental nation. To the lover of Real Japan what greater irony than to witness the importa- tion there of rowdy election scenes, with professional bullies, public meetings broken up, heads smashed, rows in the streets and all the other appurtenances of civilised electioneering? But so it is. From our point of view the present constitution of Japan is indefensible, and cannot last. A Parliament which is elected by the people, but not responsible to them, a Diet which can pass a vote of no-confidence in a Government, and yet have no power to remove it, such authority being reserved in practice and theory for the Emperor alone-this is not representative government, whatever else it may be. It is this condition which Count Okuma seeks to change, thereby bringing Japan into line with British notions of Parliamentary government. For the rest it will be well to believe that young nations, like young children, must get through the troubles of teething. But in Japan, as elsewhere, it is possible that constitutional agitation will prove a safety valve for the outlet of energy which might otherwise drift into more dangerous cur tents. THE TUG OF WAR IN CmsA, in the postscript to my letter of last week I ventured on a forecast that, despite the apparent triumph of the enterprise shown by the English Bank at Shanghai in having secured the signature of the Chinese Director of Railways to an agreement for a British loan for the extension of the railway from Pekin to Newchang, the tug of war" (using the term in a diplomatic and figurative sense with Russian influence was only about to commence. My forecast is already justified by the refusal of Mr. Curzon, Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs, to answer further questions on the subject, while admitting that M. Pavloff. on behalf of Russia, has lodged a written protest against the ratification of the agreement. Here, again, as between absolutism and the remorseless persistency of Russian policy on the one hand, and on the other the wobbling attitude of rival political parties under our own parliamentary system, the advantage is with absolutism. RUSSIA'S MISS O S IN THE WORLD. While on the subject of Russian policy It is as well to recall the fact that the late Chancellor (Prince Lobanoff) is said to have left certain papers in which he defined his views touchingRussia'smissionin the world. Among other things the Prince pointed to England and Germany as the two Powers from which Russia had most to fear. He believed that in four years, when the Russian railway system, in Asia would be completed, there should be no delay in striking a decisive blow at India. If this course of action should be attended with success, Prince Lobanoff considered that the bonds uniting the British colonies with the mother country would be materially loosened, and that the decline of the British Empire would follow. On the other hand, the alliance with France affords Russia security against Germany. BRITISH Power IN THE FAR EAST. To instance only a few of the idtosyncra . lies which have characterised recent British policy in the Far East, take the following : 1\. Mr. Balfour, eighteen months ago; on behalf of the Government, invited Russia to the occupation of an ice-free port on the China coast. . 2. Russia takes it; Great Britain protests. 3\. Mr. Balfour, on behalf of the Government, announces at the commencement of this year that their policy is to be that of the "open door for British trade. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach declared that this policy will be maintained " at the cost of war." At the same time, it is stated that Great Britain does not desire any territorial expansion. 4\. The " open door" is closed behind us. We do not go to war. We sit down outside the door, slang the doorkeeper, and presently get up and hoist the British flag over Wei-hai-wei territorial expansion. 5\. Almost at one and the same time in the House of Commons we declare for the maintenance of the independence of the Chinese Empire, A In Turk we protest against the partition of China, and mean . while secure from China an undertaking not to alienate any part of the Yangtse Valley to any other Power thereby ear- marking to ourselves the richest portion of the Empire, against the partition of which we protest. C: Having secured in Wei-hai-wei a naval base of doubtful value, but a poten- tial coaling station, we voluntarily assure Germany that it is not our intention to construct a railway from Wei-hai-wei to Shantung, a rich coaling district leased to a British syndicate on the mainland. 7, We proceed to irritate Russia by comparing her through the medium of a Cabinet Minister-to " the devil," we offer to China officers to train her army and. navy and bring them up to fighting trim, we let slip innumerable opportunities of securing wider expansion for the trade of Great Britain and her colonies, allowing our commercial rivals to outwit us in securing points of vantage from which to compete it with us in the future. ° Granted that we have secured some concessions - such as the extension of Hongkong and the opening up of the navig- able rivers-does not the above record condemn itself? England's war with Russia in the Crimea was due not to deliberation or to foresight, but to the want of it. It was the outcome of divided counsels in the Ministry and a policy of drift. There are divided counsels in the Ministry to-day. British policy is still a policy of drift. Despite the admittedly "nasty" turns administered to this country by Russian diplomacy of late, does not common sense suggest the advisability of coming to an understanding with her over the Far Eastern question, instead of indulging in a vain and useless effort to infuse new wine into old bottles, and to patch up the ragged garments of Chinese independence ? And is it so certain that Russian civilisation, backward though it may be in some respects, is not just as well adapted to certain parts of China as ours ? Is it really worth while to go to war for the purpose of introducing a County Council into Canton, and making all the occupants of Sampans free and independent electors The mischief is that at present where we should be active commercially we are passive. Where we should be passive we are threaten- ing. In the meantime, according to intelligence received this week, M. Pavloff has replied to the request of the Tsung-li-Yamen for facilities for docking the new Chinese cruisers which will shortly be delivered by the German contractors at Port Arthur, that only those ships of the Chinese navy whose officers are exclusively Russian are entitled to enter that harbour, while the Minister of Finance at St. Petersburg has informed some Odessa merchants, who recently inquired as to the duties levied on articles sent to the Liaotung Peninsula, that Russian goods entering Port Arthur or Talienwan would be admitted duty free, those places being now regarded as a portion of the Russian empire. Where is that "open door" for Australian produce ? CHINESE OFFICIALDOM. If Chinese officialdom were freer from corruption there would still be a chance of the integrity of the Empire being preserved. Strange that with all the cunning of Orientals the members of the Tsung-li Yamen cannot emulate the tactics which alone have kept that other sick man Turkey upon his legs for so long. Turkish officialdom is corrupt, but there is more method in it than in the corruption of the Chinese. Said Fuad Pasha, one of the ablest of the Grand Vizier to a member of the British diplomatic service years ago. " Turkey," he said, " is a chariot to which each Great Power has attached a horse. When one seeks to pull the chariot one way, we whip up another of the horses, which pulls the other way. Thus the equilibrium is maintained, and the chariot is not overturned," But Chinese Statesmen (?) have not even enough strength left to enable them to play off one European Power against the other. They surrender a pound of flesh to each in turn. INCREASE OF THE NAVY. One effect of all this unrest abroad and of the dissatisfaction felt at the supineness of Lord Salisbury by many of his followers at home will probably be a supplementary Estimate to be laid upon the table of the House of Commons, before this letter is in type, providing for a. further increase of the navy. Questioned in the House of Commons on the subject of Colonial contributions in, aid of the defence of Wei-hai-Wei and of Hong Kong, Mr. Balfour replied that the subject of Colonial contributions must be examined as a whole and not confined to one or two localities. THE BLACKWALL DISASTER. It is impossible to speak of battleships without referring to the terrible calamity which attended the launching of the Albion on the Thames this week. Black- wall is one of the poorest and dreariest parts of the East End. For years past the shipbuilding industry there has been almost at a standstill. It is indeed a tragedy that the first signs of returning activity in the yards should have been characterised by such wholesale loss of life, 30 bodies having already been recovered. The matter will, of course, form the subject of an official inquiry ; but the expiation of the occurrence seems ( to be very simple. A large number of eager sightseers crowded on to narrow bridge of insecurely fastened planks, despite that it was marked '.' dangerous." As the Albion glided into the water the backwash caused by the dis- placement rose higher and higher, and swept hundreds of people into the creek. The occasion was redeemed by many of those simple acts of heroism so natural to the very poor, which come as no surprise to those who lr.iow and love their East End, to whom the very paving stones are eloquent of The strife of poor humanity's afflicted will Wrestling in vain with ruthless destiny. One man, by name Tom Cook, dived under the floating timber and brought out body after body, but he " did not wish to be bothered by the reporters," and he merely said, " Oh, yes, I saved five. The first I got was a dead person ; the second a living woman. I could not tell what the others were. As soon as I had 'em on the shore there was men to take 'em." And then without any tone of regret, this hero added that he believed his jacket, waistcoat and watch had been stolen. One eye- witness says, " I saw a sight such as I never hope to see again. Here was a poor fellow who sank once, and then called out to his girl on the bank. She had just escaped and tried to get into the water to help him out. But what could she do ? Some fellows caught hold of her and kept her back, and I couldn't bear to hear her screams of ' Let me get to him. Jack, oh ! Jack.' Then she fainted. The man she was trying to reach had gone down again and for the last time." MR, CHAMBERLAIN AND SIR CHARLES DILKE. Many political friendships were sacrificed in the break up of the Liberal Party. Curiously enough that of Sir Charles Dilke and Mr. Chamberlain survived the strain not only of the Home Rule split, but of the cause celebre in which Sir Charles figured before Mr. Gladstone's coup d'etat on the Irish question. Indeed, it is generally understood that indirectly Mr. Chamberlain was an unwilling factor in tendering advice which ultimately conduced to bring about " the political downfall of his friend, for he it was who advised Sir Charles not to go into the witness-box and submit to the ordeal of cross-examination on the occasion of the famous divorce proceedings, Crawford v. Crawford. But, notwithstand- ing, the friendship between the two men has existed from the time Mr. Chamberlain entered Parliament, and it was materially strengthened by an act of self abnegation performed by Sir Charles Dilke when Mr. Gladstone formed his Government in 1856. Sir Charles Dilke was offered a place in the Cabinet before any other Radical politician was approached on the subject. Sir Charles wanted to get Mr. Chamberlain- in, and he had besides a particular personal longing for the office of Under- secretary for Foreign Affairs, which, of. course, i does not carry Cabinet " rank. So he took the junior post on condition that Mr. Chamberlain was admitted. Tile TUHSS, Daily News, Standard, and Spectator of that day, all congratulated him on. his unselfishness. This is the explanation of the courteous debating methods adopted by the two men towards each other, at a time when they never spare other antagonists. Useful as is Sir Charles Dilke as a private member, the loss sustained by the Liberal party by his exclusion" from official life is incalculable. Rumours are again current as to differences ' within the Cabinet and the possibility of Mr. Chamberlain's resigning his office. Without suggesting that such a step is impossible, if it comes, it is much more likely to come nearer the end of the present Parliament, which is due to last another three years, than now. AN ANTI-KITUALIST CRUSADE. For some time past there have been signs of-the revival of a no popery agitation in this country, directed, be it observed, not against those professing Roman Catholic ism, whose right to perfect religions liberty is questioned by none, but against the Romanising of the Protestant Church of England as by law established. The drum ecclesiastic has already begun to beat, and having regard to the practices of many of the English clergy, not before it was time. No one objects to their coming out from the Church of England and becoming Roman Catholics, a perfectly right and natural step for them to take. What is objected to is that they should remain in the Church of England and receive the emoluments of the Church of England while perjuring themselves by breaking their ordination vows in practising the ritual of the Church of Rome. Said one newly-appointed incumbent to his churchwarden the other day : " We may as well understand each other. I am going to have everything here from Rome except the Pope." One result of recent events is that a fresh lease of life and force has been given to the dis- establishment movement, which only a short time ago seemed to have lost ground considerably. As it is, an increasing number of men, even within the Church of England, are beginning to ask themselves how a house divided against itself will be able to stand. THE WAR. A good deal of the " push " that at first came like fresh to the surface on the subject of an Anglo-American Alliance has now died away, and a more practical spirit is manifesting itself. A permanent and thoroughly representative committee has now been formed, the influence of which must make for peace and goodwill between the two great branches of the Anglo-Saxon race. Meanwhile the war (limited) with Spain drags its weary length of days-and dollars, It is already well into three months and eighty million pounds, from the United States taxpayer. Rumours of attempts to patch up peace are now as persistent as the threatenings which heralded the outbreak of war. The future policy of the States in regard both to the Philippines and to Cuba, from an administrative point of view, is still in doubt. No doubt humanitarian motives had much to do with the outbreak of hostilities, but there are still many who | sympathise with the native of Chicago who on getting into a car opened his I paper and remarked " A d- silly war j anyhow. I wonder what are we fighting about ?" Why, oh, why was the Senate in such a hurry to show that they had no army ready, and only winter clothing for recruits ? A STORY WITH A PURPOSE. The following letter was written by the Abbé Lammenais to a friend previous to the fall of the Villele Ministry in France in 1827. I mention this in case it should be thought to have been penned quite recently and inspired by the tactics of the Prime Minister of New South Wales on Federation and other questions :-" Do you not think, my dear friend, that if one were as anxious to save one's soul as that man is to remain a Minister, it would be as if one were already in Heaven ? But such energy is only for a shell-hole in this world, or held in the next. For I do not think that there can be down there, in the empire of shades, any prison j equal to those official residences so desired | and so sought after, at the gates of which stand and watch the ghosts whom Eneas saw at the entrance of the kingdom of darkness. Why then, Mr. President, do you require so much pressing ? Come now, a little reason-but, instead of listening, there he sits counting; 1 vote, 2 votes, 10 votes, 50 votes A minority of 50 The pen falls from his hand, his head is weighed down ; he is absorbed by some great thought. Then he begins once more to count; his face ex- parts ; he has discovered a new combina- tion, a law of attraction, hitherto unknown, which will cause the legislative bodies (they are not celestial bodies to gravitate found their centre, which is himself. It is j done ; the Ministerial universe will go on. On the first day he is hopeful, on the second day he is hopeful, but on the third, good-bye to the law, good-bye to attraction, good-bye to the universe, good-bye to every- i thing ! And he says, ' At least understand that after me there will be no more sun. I I warn you at most the moon will remain to j you.' This is met by a chorus of voices : ' Long live the moon ! We love the moon We want the moon ! Give us the moon !' And I think that willing or no, the sun will have to give place, which would be very sad if we were not already in mid-winter !" 