THE DEAD EMPREBSS. 8HER LIFE AND OHARAOTEHR. (By "M~ilano" in the "Argus") It Is not surprising to, learn that the. Empress Elizabeth of 'Austria was tra velling incognito at th~e, time of her assassinathion. Court life and cere monies had no charms for her. She much pn ferred the, fresh, pure air of the fields 'and country life .to society and State functions. It is well known that the etiquette of the court of 'Aus tria is 'the most strict *and unbending in Europe. This particular trait in her character cause'd a good deal of dis content in court circles, and on her un happy husband devolved the whole bue- den of court duties. I hiave often seen her wanderi:ng about the boundary rAlps of Italy and Switzerland, on the 'Lake of COono, especially in Tiremezzina, op posite Bellagio, a favourite spot of hers. She often visited the Villa ,Carlotta, famed fo'r the statues by Canova which it contains. This villa was formerly the property of General Count Sommna 'riva, and now belongs 'to the Prince of Saxe-Coburg-Meini'ngen, a cousin of the Emipress. She would walk for ,hours on the summits of the surrounding mountains, gathering bunches of wild violets and strawberri'es. She was cer bainly one of the most beautiful women, if not the most beautiful one, in Europe. She had a queenly Carriage', and her shoulders, feet, and hands were supelrb, the latter, of Which she was very gproud, being a .special cadre to her. No one had more exquisite taste in dress. Of becoming ,stout she had quite 'a horror, sio much so that she had herself weighed every morning. Her waist was of the slenderes't, and her figure three years and a half ago, when I last saw her, was that of a girl of 18. When on incognito exoursions she 'would be generally dressed in sombre colours, closely veiled, !and. all that could be seen of her attractive be'auty would be her masses of lovaely hair, the nape ,of a statuesque neck, gleaming eyes behind her veil, anid shapely feet and ankles. Her romantic nature often inspired; her ' to wander over the favourite haunts of her sister Caroline, 'the' exiled, ex Queen of Naples, 'through P~osillilpo, , Capodi'm'on'te, and Postici, anid she has been known' to walk 'the whole way from Naples! to Pompeii. 'Like any ordinary individual, she would drop 'into cafes-such 'as the Gambrinus, in: Naples, opposite the Royal Palace-w'here she, would order some simple fare. Horse riding was a mania 'with her, and her feats on the hunting field are well known even. in England and Ireland. Her spirit of endurance was wonderful. For years she lived in retiremen;t in ,Hunghry, where she studied 'the language, visited the peasants, and became so endeared to the people that she almost rivalle'd Marie Therese in their affection. Whilst living 'In 'this seclusion her chief enjoy ment was on the hunting fiel'd, the only 'person she received from Vienna being 'the late Count 'Andrassy, Prime IMinis ter. 'At this period the rel:ati'ons be tween herself and her husband were somewhat strained. Her sensitive anld 'highly-strung na ture led her to 'dream and brood. over the past-of the misfortunes of her own family, and also of the ill-fated house of Hapsburg. To this house' belongs the sad privilege of the legend of Mes sengers of 'Debth (like the Banshees of the 52 noble faml:ies of Irelanid)--the Lady in White. The unharppy Emperor of 'Austria, in a relign of nearly 50 years, has, so the gossips say, seen this white ghost so often that he has al mast learnt not to fear it. It is in deed almost amusing, in spite of the seriousness .of 'the subject, 'to recall the stories one hhs heard about this phan 'tasm. The house of Hapsburg has been struck by misfortunes of all kinds, and the "White Lady," as she is called, has, so the legend. runs, always given warning. During the last few years a woman clad in white, we are told', has been seen for many nights silently walking 'thr'ough the Hofiburg in Vienna. She announced then :that the Archduke (knowni as Ca.ptain John Orth, who had renounced titles, money, and claim to the 'throne, and who, had chartered a vessel: to 'wander about the world) was lost, and would never set foot in those rooms again. The tragic drama 'of ,Meyerlin;g, which witnessed scenes of love anod 'blood., which no his tory will ever narrate, was preceded (shall I say as a matter of course?) by the appearance of the "Lady in White." This spotless apparition announced that the hours 'of the Archduke Ru dolph and of Mary Vetzera were num bered. It will be interesting to learn if this family ghost has made any ap pearance .ltely, either forewarned or foreshadowel the tragic end of the mistress of the house. Mutual grief helped to reunite 'hus band and wife to their former affle tion, and they mourned together over the grave of their 'dead son. Pope Leo XIII. used his influence to bring about this reconcili~atin; and also later on to induce the Empress to resume her duties at court. Of late years she had taken a keen interest in the Island of Corfo, where she had built a castle called the Archileon. It is quite a museum of oibjects of art, and she em, ployed Venetian and Neapolitan artists, the former to adorn the floors with mo, saics, and the latter to fresco the ceil ings. The famous painter Altamura was pressed into the service to beautify the castle. A notable feature in the middle of 'the court-yard is a monument ereated to the memory of Heine, her favo?urite poet. His poems were the solace of her heart in times of lonell ness and seclusion. After the tragic end of her only son she turned thisl castle into a monument to his memory. Everything that belonged, -to him. was treasured there, and, kept ,as sacred relics. 