SUNDAY READING. THE PARADOX OF PEACE A SERMON. By Rev. Dr. BfeVAN. Isaiah, lx., 6: "The Prince of Peace." A careful reader of the Bible cannot fail to be struck by the sharp contrasts which are presented throughout all Its contents. The Bible Is the Book of God. but it is also emphatically the Book of Man, It is the picture of human life, and human life is marked by these numerous and sharp contrasts. Consistency and uniformity are only found In life after much seeking. For the most part the process is full of conflict and confusion. Man's course, whether of action or of thought,never seems to be in the straight, direct line. He turns now to one side, now to another, and it is oniy when he can ascend to some height, and review a large portion of the way. by which he has come, that he discovers that his path has been virtually in one direction, however devious and numberless its turnings. THE BIBLE AND THE IDEA OF PEACE. How full the Bible is of Peace. The word is constantly used. It is the word of greeting. "Peace be to you," is the common wish of meeting and of parting. It is the name of the great city, round which the history of the Bible gathers. It is not wonderful that it should be the characteristic by which that Ideal Man is described, the conception of .whose character was slowly evolved in Israel, and who at length was revealed in t the person of the Nazarene, whose closing word to His Disciples when He was about to be parted from them was the legacy of Peace. The promise often times repeated to the Fathers was that of Peace. It was to the same condition that the people were bidden to look as they went forth to receive their land. It was the priestly blessing that "the Lord should lift up His countenance upon them and give them Peace." The earthly bles sing and the spiritual blessing of the ancient covenant was thus a gift of Peace. This was the longing that filled the hearts of psalmists, and they painted the glories of the Messiah's Kingdom as they were to be found in the abundance of Peace which was to last "so long as the Moon endureth." Peace was the prayer which they sought as a blessing of Jerusalem. The more sober language of the Wise Man In the Proverbs agreed with the ecstasy of the Psalter for the "ways of Wisdom" were to be "the ways of pleasantness," and her paths were to be the "paths of Peace." Peace was the subject of the prophetic promise, and the object of the yearning of the prophetic heart. The work of righteousness was to be Peace. The new evangel was the mes sage of "Him that bringeth Good Tidings that Publlsheth Peace." PEACE IN THE NEW TESTAMENT. And was it not the same idea, the same sweet melody that for ever ran through the message of the Gospel. Our Lord sent forth His Disciples, and they were commanded when they went into any city or house to let their Peace rest upon it. The proclamation of the Gospel was described as "preaching Peace by Jesus Christ.1" God was the "God of Peace." The Kingdom of God was "Righteousness and Peace and Joy in the Holy Ghost." Peace was always enu merated among the graces of the -Chris tian. It was Peace that they were to follow after as well as Holiness. The Apostolic Benediction was the Benedic tion of Peace, and the work of Jesus Christ was characterized in its consum mate glory as the result of that character and nersonallty that was Peace itself. THE CONTRASTS OF PEACE. Lut let us now turn to the contrasts which the course of revelation presents to this conception of Peace which we have briefly traced through the Scrip tures. One might say the Bible was a story of war and conflict from the begin ning to the end. No sooner has the pic ture of Eden been presented to us than we find it marred and broken and de stroyed, and the' voice of God is heard proclaiming the unceasing conflict be tween the race of man and the seed of the devil. The early details of Scripture story soon begin with murder, with sla very, with the hunting of men, with the conflict of the nations. The opening life of the world is flooded by that tremen dous judgment which the sin of man compelled. The restored world with its new start quickly enters on its career of strife. The Father of the Faithful, the peaceful nomad as we should suppose concerned only with the watching and the pastorage of his flocks, keeps fighting men whom he can quickly equip- and use against the combined league of powerful kings. The story of the growing nation soon becomes a story of war. Moses Is a soldier, his successor one of the great captains of the world. The Land of Pro mise may be reached by miracle, but it has to be occupied by a powerful cam paign. For centuries the Israelites are a fighting people. Their tribal conflicts and external foes meet us in almost every verse of Scripture, and while over all the history there ever bends the bow of pro mise, yet we know that the great arch itself is only the refraction of light from the storm-cloud. If there were no storm there could be no rainbow. A cynic who refused to see the better side of Israel's history might paint with the blackest of colors its cruelty, its violence, its injus tice. All these are features that may easily be distinguished, and might be truthfully insisted upon. There is the Peace, but on the other hand it would seem as If that Peace were constantly broken, and but slightly regarded WAR EVERYWHERE. And when we turn to the New Testa- ment is there not the same contrast to that conception of Peace which we saw running through it all. The Lord is born, and the angel3' anthem rolls through the heavens; "Peace on earth ; good-will to men," but immediately the voice of the angry monarch breaks In up on the music of heaven and the angelic chorus changes into the cry of massacred infants and the wailing of the women who refused to be comforted. What Peace rests upon the family at Nazareth where the Christ was growing " in wisdom and stature, and in favor with God and man," and yet doubtless the sword already was beginning, to pierce the heart of the mother, for she who was "highly favored amongst women" was to nave bitter experience as the price of the great honor which she received. How, soon did' our Lord Himself, after m- ministry began, show that though Hp was the preacher of gentleness ; the Meet and Lowly One who only sought to hei„ men never to harm or harass them, who' e ministry was the ministry of Grace anrt Reconciliation, healing human ills calm tog man's troubles, and inviting all who labored and were heavy laden to come to Him and find rest How soon a say) not the Lord Himself discover that he hart come to bring peace upon earth, but a sword! Hie domestic unity itself « a, to be broken up and He was to be a diri der of men, and not merely a Prince or Peace. t THE CONFLICTS THROUGH WHICH THE LORD AND HIS CHURCH PASSED. What oonflicts were there not within His own nature, apparently disturbing the serenity of a spirit which dwelt fn? ever within the Light of an Eternal Spirit, wringing sometimes tears from His eyes, and even covering His brow with a sweat of blood before it was torn by the thorns placed there by the hands of violenoe and scorn. Peace ' What Peace was there in a life, every sten of which moved onward to a Cross? Ther» was no. Peace until the Sabbath resting in the grave of the Arlmathean the quiet sleep of the Suffering Son on the Bosom of the Father, whither He had sought His refuge and His rest. The new volume of the history of God's leading, which opens with the Acts o£ the Apostles, seems indeed like a bright spring morning, which has followed a night's storm. We pass from the closln- scenes of the Gospel's story so dark =o troubled into the quiet serenity, the bli==- ful enjoyment of the young Church- but true to tbe law that has held its unde- vtating way through the Old Covenant and the New, the Peace that was real ised and apparently assured is ruthless ly broken. Again the voice of wrathful Herods, persecuting priests, tumultuous people silences the glad songs of the Church. The road the Master walked tiie disciple, too must follow ; the sleep height He climbed his followers must breast, and although they do not climb it unaided and alone, yet they are not spared the sharp wounds, the long weari ness of the path, though His hand is there to hold them, and His voice to cheer. How tumultuous, for example, was the life of the greatest of the Apos tles!— the man who first and most fully understood the Master, and took up His work, and made it assured for a world. Within his own nature fighting ever; perils in his daily work ; attacks from enemies; the falsehood of seeming friends; the neglect of the faithless ones; the hidden or the more open hindrances of false brethren ! It was a pilgrim's course he pursued. It was a continued fight of faith wherc-in he fought. So when the symbolic roll of God's Kingdom Is unfolded and picture after picture is held before the wonder ing gaze of the Church, telling how divine purposes are to be fulfilled, and a final consolation gained, it Is through fire end through smoke, and through blood and through pestilence, through awful disas ter and a destructive conflict that the Peace of God can be secured. Although the Son of God upon the throne is pre sented to us as a "Lamb that had been slain," He Is also the "Lion of the tribe of Jurah," and He rides forth a hauling though a conquering Prince. If Peace has its triumphs, war has its divine sig nificance, and the mighty contrasts wherewith the first scene of the divine and human history opens remains to the end profound subject for human medi tation, but also blessed source and in- vlgoration for human faith and hope. THE MEANING OF THESE CON TRASTS. We have thus, I think, gained a pretty clear conception of this contrast, this al- most paradox of Peace and War which mark the history of the Divine Leading of Man. But there is mo-ie than the mere contrast. There are some clear facts which help us to see the meaning of the contrast, and from it to deduce conclu sions that transcend the fact itsc-lf. THIS COURSE OF TUMULT CLEARLY BEGINS WITH A CON DITION OF PERFECT AND UNI- SAL PEACE. Conflict is only an episode in the his tory of God, however much it may make up the human story. The Bible begins everywhere with the Divine Serenity, the perfect order and harmony of the Nature of God. Hence we may conclude that the ideal of life is not conflict, and, therefore, , .that conflict cannot j be for ever. The conception ot j God which His word furnishes is not that of a being in whom lies an eternal ne cessity of struggle, the ceaseless dualism of contending forces. The infinite God is self-ordered, the necessities of His being lie within Himself for ever liannoni- j ously free. We may, therefore, conclude j that however He may permit the intro- j ductlon of a seeming disorder this wiJl 1 only be for the accomplishment of some I purpose which is in harmony with H'3 I own eternal blessedness and peace. S:n. I therefore, which lies at the basis of all I conflict, must issue in a final hoi mess, i Strife and pain, and confusion, will an I work themselves out into order and nar- I monious perfection, for "God shall be an 1 and in all." I WORKINGS FOR PEACE BY THE 1 WAY. I If, moreover, we look at the details of I this course of contrasted conflict ana peace, we shall see that every incident a that seems to be confused and d is1 lu - I bant comes forth into an Immediate is- a sue of happy and righteous result, a I looking at the meaning of any evcnt,,_- I must regard it largely. Standing alOT.. I or even in its immediate relations I may seem to be wholly disappointing, cause of despair rather than hope. | doubt rather than satisfaction. Thus uv laeenn trrVi InVi TnCOflTl WOI fl.bl6 0 163- I to. His father a nd his brethren concern ing the disturbances of their .faimR,:Pu I intended by God for the securing of tneir final well-being, we -may read in muci larger letters and wider lines than e those which Israel's son himself P , ceived. The troubles of that fam"(' were not merely for the Issues of household alone — tribal and nafroin I World-wide results of good came "v the dreams which annoyed the brflMwg and the favoritism of toe father I roused their Jealousy and wrath- a it through all toe history. 6 hch si 9 events as the Iosb of- his atkeJ\ a , rfui I led Saul to a throne. It is not wonder then that the idolatry and and the exile of the people, should w themselves out into toe establishment ttc monothetetic Jrl for the salvation ot theworta. . Sub ways of god ALWAYfiiasus m THE ENDS OF, GOD. »rhe cross has always led to the throne, rjflthsemane Is on the waytoParadise. scattered church of the persecution womes the liberator of Christianity frnm the tightening bonds of Its Jewish «raddling clothes. He who haled men Ind women to prison and was exceeding ££ith against the saints of God emerges Sthe Apostle of the Gentiles, the Greatest teacher of the faith he perse cuted to the progressive races of- the world for twenty centuries. THE WARS OF CHRISTIANITY. Here then. Is the clue to the under standing of that great mystery, the pre sence of war and conflict and disorder, I,,' by side with the essential nature |nd character of Christianity as the religion and the institution of peace. That the religion of Jesus Christ is es sentially peaceful everyone must ac knowledge. That its course undoubtedly has been painfully chequered by the very opposite of peace none can deny. But Tdien we remember the history of the world this need not perplex any thought ful mind, and certainly should not cause even the most feariful heart to despair. It is very easy to if: satirical, it Is still more easy to blaspheme; but it must not be forgotten that neither satire nor blas phemy ever answers a question or, ex plains a difficulty. For example, it seems a strange anomaly, an utter anachronism to find our Christian civilisation ending In the present condition of the nations as thev stagger under the burdens of the peaceful preparations for wftr. What would be the condition of the European world if a conflict at all commensurate with the preparations for it were to break forth! Its very contemplation Alls us with terror and horror. But let us not forget that the issues of" war— not the intended issues of the diplomatist who planned it or of the soldier who car ried out, but those larger iss.ues which God brings about contrary to the will of man— have ever been to advance the con ditions of human life and to bring man a step nearer to that state when he will not. like the savage, find in battle his only employment, but to that ideal which is not a mere poet's dream, but is a real fact of life, namely, the universal brotherhood of the race, the mutual help fulness and service of all. It is quite cer tain that modern warfare is less severe than ancient war. Humane conditions are observed — of mercy, of liberty, the restoration of rights, the securing of the welfare of peoples, even though van quished, which were never dreamed of in the past, and moreover, It Is questionable whether the very awfulness of the de structive forces that can now be wielded in war may not be a reason why the civilised nations will not entirely avoid it. The illustration of the power of de struction afforded by recent scenes in the Soudan will make the armies of Europe careful1:/ consider whether they dare face each other upon the field of battle. The chances of escape in the presence of modern weapons are small, and it is cer tain, moreover, that the leaders and offi cers are far more exposed to death than even in the most recent campaigns. Un less a nation or a combination of na tions is so strong that it is assured of victory it will hardly risk the hazard of the fight. Warlike as the generation seems, puree is probably more secure to day thnn ever. ECII MAN MUST BE PEACEFUL. But these are general considerations and belong to the relations of nations. It may be asked what is individual duty? What place does' each man's life and character, as they have to be moulded, occupy in this question ? Now here it Beems to me that the peculiar quality of Christianity comes into force. The me thod of Jesus Christ is really the personal and individual one. He will make the world better by making each man in the world better, but the foundation princi ple of His teaching is the necessity of regeneration. He is founding the King dom of God, but the subjects of that kingdom must be borr. again. Christi anity has its' application through the world, through the general condition of the world, and through the worldly insti tutions and through the relationships of men in all sides of their life, but it has not rules for these. It is not social, it is uot political in this sense, but it is per- sonal. it affects all these secularities of 1,1 character of everyone who take.- his part in them. It does not pro- ciaim a world peace, but it makes men m peace, and as they are multiplied they £ ii m time produce a peaceful world, mil 'sc"en?s a long method and a slow \- iiJn iU,- 111 the end it is certain. It is rmini K'e 01lly way, therefore it is the thi s ' l,he shortest way to bring about me divine results . TO OURSELVES. tifT 2ne f1! of us lrave our responsibili- f us can do something towards the Kingdom of Peace. Be- Pos«p==0J'i .,the deep central peace thrnr'n-h T th® s?ul which rests in God larepi? Clmst> we pass on to that charpp< „ - alJ-embracing peace of L tas riirri1 a, of t'te where selfishness 1 wherpTr'nT T6 passion ceases to rage, £ r sweeter voices are not r nobler ere the souls atuned ta " ofservip TV"0 ca,mly in the way . tnakl h d»scharge God's will and to !: children 'of mPenenCe Mt am0n?st the I; Herp hTpEACH,SEEK PEACE. r evervonp £t\ hefound the duty of lv the sori-ii A. ch man helps to make r aB« I Pt ar Political opinion of his 1' Peace it ' ®Ver be upan the side of |! Here 'is nfie e. duty of the teacher. I lu the hgation the very "man |i kriter are ai -u Preacher aid the I, ter, an dp.? concerned in this mat- ! Part in imn/- small creature does its Ii hy is'anrtc UP the coral reef where in the beeinin-PW 'J1 which may be even I,' -every Ss ?gs tof continents, so will L the mpv-,,,.,!eai .ilril-t Peaceful soul bring (iStace trTcop \ts helping to perfect |l%hteous isU+t at kingdom which first Iflthieh sini'i -n Peaceful, and over pturbs and V-"eisn at last-all that dis- |t \ Sieved— than, vanquished and re- Kkioved t" wi!noe of Pence, who has p®wn unfiictT,, , rn final blessedness, His Raction thrm,I 'ea. harmony of being and ; i«ict U nKptrUgrf,e and through con- ! il-ster the no?5 a tor humanity — fo: P. peace and blessedness of God. ' 