THE MAN FROM JOHAN- NESBURG. BT STEPHEN SOMERSET, Author of "Win "Victim," "Your Love and Fortune," &e.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXVI.—A CHAPTER IN THE PAST HISTORY OF THE MAN FttOM JOHANNESBURG. . 'jraingerVdeclaration that he knew Trevath'ict naturallygave me satisfaction. " 'Tell me anything you ohoose," said I. " Yoii may speak freely, for we are merely chance associates." - "1 have heard about that man's career in several parts of South Africa, but I will tell you first what I know myself, namely, some incidents-of his lite at the time when I knew him. '* I firet met himat a Boer farm in a remote part of the -Transvaal, where I was working at. anything I could turn my hand to for a spell in order to earn the money to get back tu Cape Town. . I don't knc* precisely what WM hia enand to this out-of-the-way place, bat be lodged at the farm for several weeks, and was constantly going about the country by himself. ' " spoke both. Dutch and English well. He' would sometimes talk with me in the evening when.work was over, and his conversation was generally about Africander politics aid the etate of the country generally, but ieoald sever qqite make out which aide he took. ~ ' '- _ " The Bciers _6aid. that though he spoke Dutch fluently, he didn't speak it like a Boer, nor yet -like ta-ordiasryDutchman.. AS >*£f didn't inow his name we used'to call him "the man from Johannesburg,"for he talked a good deal abeut that city, and warned to 'kno'wjt welL' '"He was more given to asking questions than answering tbem, however, eo we none of us knew inuoh about him or his projects. Onoe a queer-thing happened which I never understood tQl long afterwards. Though trivial in'itself it caused animmenae sensation at our lonely -farm. I- did not connect him with the incident at the time. *• A. Kaffir had offended him in some way— for I should tell yon that he wasn't a favourite wiftih 'atiy ot.;us, .Boer6, Kaffirs,English— and the ' Bus' only allowed liim to stay-on because he . paid abouttwice as much as any-: body else would have done for such accommodation."' " Was, he liberal with money, then?" asked I, surprised. ...--• \- " fJo; he haggled dreadfully about the price, but. the 'Baas' disliked him so much after-the first wepk or so that he asked an exorbitant sum expecting him to go, but he didn't He paid it, so he evidently had a strong motive ior wanting to stay." "Well, the 'boy' who had annoyed him was very- superstitious, .and a Scotch overseer who had formerly. ,K*»cL on the farm had told aii sorts of ghost stories which had made him worse. . •'One night, after he had offended the man from Johannesburg, he was going home, when right out 4>f the. ground came an awful voice, speaking to him,- I forget what was said, but it -pretended .to be that of tbe DeriL .'-'The'boy'rnshed back to the house, and Ml on -the' kitchen floor, more dead than alive.. • "This mysterious voice was heard several times afterwards, and, moreover, not only by Klaxs, the Kafir, and other 'boys,' but by some of the Boers, and myself. . "I deplined to believe that jt was what it pretended to be, and so did the Boers, but none of us could explain it, as it came from a place where no man could possibly have hidden himself. • - - » " 3 remembered, later, that the man from Johannesburg w»a standing at the door of the farm' at the -time, - and that he was always somewhere about when the voice was heard, but it never came from the place where lie was. He admitted having heard it himself. "Some weeks plater be left the farm, and nothing .more was Heard of -the mysterious voice. • * "'About'a month after this I had earned the iriopey I wanted,^ BO I bade a cordial good-bye to'the old Boer; lor }ie wasn't half a had sort, and set out for the Cape, never expecting to far'hear any more of the man from Johannesburg, bot l wa? mistaken about that. "A : Tittle later'I happened to be talking of my experiences on the Veldt to an American friend whohad lived some years in Johannesburg. " He instantly recognised my description of the .mysterious "boarder whom we called the man from Johannesburg. "'Why.'said he, 'I knew 1 that scoundrel when he hadn't a blessed oent in the world. He came to Johannesburg with a kind of travelling show—a one-horse concern at that. I guess he'd been cleaned out before he joined it. '"What part did he take in the show?' asked I, for the man from Johannesburg didn't strike me as likely, to be of much use as an entertainer... ' '"^Vhy, he was the ventriloquist, and I must say a right good one too.' ".Then I knew the secret of the voice on the Veldt." '....- ..Here I also saw the solution of the mystery regarding the conversation I believed myself to have held with Vincent after the time when the evidence of .the girl Parkinson and the sounds I, heard; proved the murder to have been committed..- Ifeltemaged to think that, "h ad X only penetrated the ruse at the moment, 1 might havejeapght Trevethick red-handed. "But," pursued Qrainger, "thiswas only a detail-in the'career of the man from Johannesburg as my American" frietid related it to me. " When he first came to Johannesburg he had lived in one room in the lowest part of Braamfohtein. •' Soon he quitted the show which caine to grief immediately afterwards, owing to'his haying taken more than a fair share _of Jthe profits, so the owner deolarad. He-removedtoa^respectableiboarding-house in 'Main-street,'- having obtained a good situation as clerk to an auctioneer. Presently ho leftthe situation to set up on his own acconnt, and- acted abominably, towards his late employer, taking many of the clients .with him He did well for several years, but 'eventually pot such a name 1 for double dealing that he lost his old clients, faster than he gained new "ones." .'..'-•• "Why was he net prosecuted?" "Becauseiie'alwayskept within the letter . of thelaw, though, according to my friend's experience; be'sailed very near the wind sometimes. One. day~'sa he was walking along . Pritchard-street, at the busiest time, a poor wretch who had gone frantic after being ruined by his knavery, "fired a revolver at him. He -wasn't much hurt, but the incident drew more attention to the man from Johannesburg's way of doing business than was agreeable to him, and .soon afterwards hie offices in Harrison- Etreet were announced to be let. \- " He disappeared for a time, but a year or so later became back again. ' I had then gone back to Johannesburg myself, and I saw him often "at the post- oifice and elsewhere, and recognised the boarder at the farm at onoe. " He seemed .to have very little money, and was looking out for a situation; but I left before he found one! and till to-day I have seen So more of * the man from Johannesburg.'" "What name did he go by?" "At one time he called himself John Smith. Later on, in his more prosperous days, he was known as Mr. Eustace, but bis accent always seemed to me to indicate that he was not an Englishman." "He has been' abroad a good deal, I believe, but" he speaks English as well as i do." . r ^ "He could do eo when he spoke slowly. It . was only when he; talked. quickly that the accent, or whatever it was, showed itself." At that moment we heard Trevethick on the landing speaking to Jenkinson. " Ah, that's not hisnatural voice," exclaimed Grainger. - "That's the tone in which ho speaks when' he is trying to conceal bitaccent. He has great command of his voice, and nan alter it to any extent." "You ate still certain of this man's identity?" "Absolutely." "Mr. Grainger," said 3," you have rendered me a great aervioe by telling me these particulars. Will you do me another favour by-allowing me to act on the information you have given me at once? Very grave interests are at stake, and'I will guarantee that you do not anffer by the delay in regard to your own affairs." \- "I will leave yon at once; Mr. Armitage. and I shall be only too glad if my information should prove of service," said Grainger, looking puzzled, but well satisfied with the assurance I had given him. When he was gone I began to consider what my next move must be. As to Trevethick's guilt I had now no donht whatever, and would have given information ^""Superintendent Smith at onoe, but there-was still the question of the Dutchman's identity, and of his share in the crime, to be decided. If I had Trevethick arrested now the Dutchman wonld probably escape, and I should be unable to trace him, for Ceil a, even if. I. succeeded in finding her, might not believe my story, and in that case, would not assiBtme. I soon made-up my mind. I would not denounce Trevethick' till to-morrow, and would, make another visit to Burtress Lodge . to-night. I would, if possible, enter the cottage by the -door I had previously noticed, and try to obtain some knowledge of the Dutchman's name and affairs, CHAPTER XX'VIL—I MAKE ANOTHER ATTEMPT' TO TtUN T THE DUTCH- MAN" TO EARTH, fief ore starting on my expedition, I : hought. it well to ascertain What Treveihiclr intended to do that evening, so I "fcrced myself to go to his sitting-room, and asked jf he meant to dine with me as usual,. .fee I wa& fiooig to some- friends ia. suburbs, I told him. and would be obliged to have dinner earlier than usual. "Don't wait for me," replied Trevethick. '"I was jua coming up to say that I shall have to go out at once, and can't stav for dinner.'' A few liiiiiutes later 1 saw him leave the bouse., and 1 then prepared lor my visit to lorttjiio Greeii-lane. 1 had taken tiie precaution to buv some clotlie>. suitable l'oi- Lin- purpose of disguising myself, in oudei- to be raidv lor ail emergency like the present, and' 1 now dressed and made up ;is a working man 1 took with me a few tools and some keys, for I had noticed a writing- table in the sitting-room at Heath (.'ottage. and £ was determined to see the Dutchman's papers. It was dark when I reached Heatli Cottage. There were no lijdits in any oi tJio front rooms, and. to my consternation. 1 saw bits of straw lying about outside, which indicated that a removal had recenliv taken place. Had the Dutchman linallv eluded mv pursuit'; I made my way into Huijresc Lodge as before, and hurried upstairs to the side window. 1 breathed again a* 1 saw that there was a subdued light in the Dutchmans sitting-room, and" that it was sfili furnished as formerly. The lamp was turned low. there was a brisk fire, recently lighted, and a decanter and glasses were ready on a little table Inside his armchair. So I inferred that he was out, but. expected home soon. "Shall I venture in at once, or shall I hret try to;find out who is in the house, and take my chance of getting hno the cottage after.the inmates are in bed?" I a=ked ravself. 1 concluded to take the latter course, as it was well to know mote about the inmates before venturing into the house: and. moreover, there was some probability that I might be interrupted ' bv the Dutchmku himself, it" I entered his room just now Accordingly, I went out at the back of •Burgess Lodge, and, climbing the fenc-e entered the garden of the cottage. I had put oil a pair of silent shoes, so I made mv way noiselessly across the tiled "yard and locked in at the kitchen window. I saw two rather pretty girls seated bv the bie. Beside them were two voung men whom J recognised as Borneo and the my^enons stone-thrower who had disturbed Baron X r and the Dutchman during my former visit. Each young man had aii arm around the •waist of his "jpri," and. though thev were not talking, .lliey seemed a very' happv party.. - I waited quite a quarter of an hour before anybody spoke. Then lvomeo remarked— "Well, 'Liza, I wonder how vou'll like yer new quarters."' "Rare an' well, you ljct. for vou'll lie able to come a* often as vou like wlioti once 1 jk tilings staled. Of com-se mothers supposed to be the caretaker but shes got enough.to do to wait oil our lodger. bhe won't be running over to Fro"- fal every day." " 'A.v, it s a good move o' the old woman to send you and Sairey Ana there, and £ u ' ts »? down to the ground, don't it, but why did she send such a bloomin' lot o' sticks tiierc, eh, gid?" asked lie, looking round the kitchen, which was sparselv furnished. "Because we're goin' to t.rv ior a lodge;- on the quiet, |ust like wc>e dr.ne "ere Wc vc got plenty o' sticks; and » bit cxtrv money never conics amiss, do it :" . "Right ye are, Liza.'" said tlio. lover ~azmg admiringly at his betrothed. "But «'hen do you expect the old woman back lo-night ."Not at all. She's going to slay l.lio night at the other house, and vnu'f] 'avr a bit o supper now, won't, you.".lack?" "" »y> yes. If we're to get our train. I suppose we'd better be Uiinkiir of it." "When does the lodger come 111asked the other man,, as the girls becan to set the table. "".Mother expected "im about 10. bat he's one of the uncertain sort. {Sometimes lie ajn t, 'ere all day, nor all iiight -neither." "He seems a queer ciiap, What might bis business lie?"" "Lor, I don't, know. He savs 'e's something in the city—a traveller' 1 s")>ose, as e s away so much. Anyhow, sit vc do\ni «ud try some Q' liis whisky, llotlier savs itjf prime, and she ought to know for she" ad a lot of it." I had now ascertained what I wished to know. Evidently the only person whose presence I had to fear was the Dutchman himsell. (To be continued to-morrow.) 