NOTES AND COMMENTS. We want someone to stand right up here arid define wl^t poverty is. The other day Sir Never Mind Nelson, in replying to the labor attacks on the Q.N. Bank and all the big bugs wlfo had inserted their taxtgrabberB therein, said almost tearfully that they had no right to kick a prostrate foe. He pointed out that Drury was dead, and Sir Thomas, poor Sir Thomas (here he dropped a big salt tear) M'llwraith was absolutely penniless, bed-ridden—incurable, in fact the prostrate allegory of pitiablene^s Not a member of the House but softened in his opinion of the absent KDight of Auchenflower, and even the stern Lab r Party modified their handling of Sir Thomas in their after discussions of the bank muddle. Now, Sir Thomas may be the pitiable object Sir Nelson stated he is— comparatively—but as he has just shifted from Ems to Paris, because the doctors there were mistakenly treating him for rheumatiz, and because also he is going to come out again to Queensland, and so divorce himself from the continental doctors, it is certain that he is not poverty stricken—actually. Of course it w uld be explained that-, compared to his recent state. Sir Thomas is poor and helpless, but our sympa' hy shall tie apportioned in the absiract, and we shall not waste it on a high-lived invalid who pursues the ghost of his former health through the fashionable capitals of Europe and per saloon passage 1 on # the great * ocean * liners. * Talking of Sir Thomas M'llwraith, how can he be called poor when he has a brother the head of one of the most prosperous shipping firms in Australasia. We forget what this one's name is, but Sir Thomas was out here first and imported him. He was such a stiff built Scotsman, so Presbyterian, and so bristly that he could not wear stockings, the hair of his legs stuck out so stiff, he could not get them on, or when they were on he could not get them off. Also he used to say ' aiblins *' Glesgie' and 4 pawritch.' But his brither Tam got at him, shaved him, coaibed him, picked the guttura's out of his back teeth and made a cosmopolite of him. Surely now in the days of his and his brother's metamorphoses he will" not forget " goad brither Tam. * * * * The church takes a short cut to everything. Avoiding the devious windings of reason, it goes by faith to the desired goal, and disregarding all legal practice it often effects reform where enactments are powerless. This is perhaps tbe reason why the Salvation Army have been tooting the reclaiming bugle and banging the purifying drum at the Eastern end of Lindsay-street lately. And we shall not say but (jhat their efforts, if persistently applied, will be more effective than any municipal by-laws that might be framed. The demeanor of dwellers in the half world is highly emotional, and as the Salvation services us 3 the other node of the same state, it is natural that their teachings would more readily be greeted by a fitting receptiority than any more austere method. * * » * The French are vivacious, that is undoubted. Let a smirking mounseer be disappointed in his amour, and he straightway flies to poison or pistol. Of course, fcB saves himself by making the first absinthe, and the second a toy derringer, but his revulsion of feeling is prodigious. The most monumental confirmation of this vivacity was furnished by a cablegram in yesterday's issue that the Chamber proposes to shift the transported convicts from torrid New Caledonia to*freezing Kerguelcn Island, which is in the Southern and not in the Tndian Ocean, as a liaHitual misinformant would have the public believe. The reason of this is that Caledonia is commercially valuable, and that the presence of the convicts debars the reaping the fruits of this value. A little jump would have suited another nation, but the vivacious French must fly to the other extreme and shift their unfortunate convicts to a portion of the globe that could not by any physical possibility be made valuable. * * * * How the convicts will like the shift remains to be seen. It will be a change, though, from a place where the convict brass band plays in the public square to a region where if a man puts anything metal to his lips it would take a charge of dynamite to blast it free again. Where only lunatics wash, and the natives kindle a fire by rubbing a couple of icicles together. Kerguelen's Island, or Desolation Island, was discovered by a Frenchman named Kerguelen Freinarec, in 1772; it is 85 miles long and 79 wide, veiy mountainous, and intersected by deeply indenting fjords, and abounds in lakes and pools. Hidden (under'the snow) deep mudholes are frequent Th°re is no timber, but any amount of tnos?, rank grass, lichens, and an edible cabbage. The coast abounde in fur seals and sea leopards. The harbors are good, but the company is scanty, there being no aborigines and but a few scalers and whalers. Captain Cook went down there, but not having a perfectly safe convict station in his prophetic mind's eye, he did not annex it. Kow, evidently, it is going to fulfil its destiny. * * * * Here is a true story. A couple of prospectors were lately working a show near Mount Remarkable. The surfaceman was just about to send down the bucket on a recent day when a snake wriggled almost across his boots and diverted his attention. To 6eize a shovel and kill the snake was the work of a moment, but the uncommonness of the occurrence necessitated more than that interval of time in the examination of the rep- tile. The man down the shaft, through defective hearing or attention to his work, failed to grasp the situation when his mate sang out that he had killed a snake, and without looking up sang out, 'Send the bucket down.' Plump the snake dropped on his shoulders, and the next moment the best scared man on the eastern goldfie'ds was shinning np the jacob's ladder punctuating his progress with choice and spontaneous blasphemy. Of course the thing was easily explained. The surface man thought the man below had heard him tell he had killed a snake, aud when he got the prompt reply ' Send the bucket down,' he mistook the third word for a certain noun that is oftener spoken than written and straightway dropped the defunct reptile. All which of course is to be blamed on our terrible Australian vernacular. * * # By gosh, those Bnnbury boozlers do boss old Sir John. The Mayor of that august city pranced up to Perth a few days before the Premier left for the Federation jamboree and asked him why in thunder he had not filled np the Bunbury lagoon as he had promised. He pointed out that the boys spoilt thei-' clothes wading in the mud; and that Widow Winkweeds got her socks wet every time she had to go in to drive her cow home. Did Sir John say he wouid see about it, that there was no money in the Treasury or any of that- flap-doodle. Not he. As mildly, as milk, 'the Premier said he would communicate with the Public Works Department with a view of ascertaining the cause of the delay.' Then the snorting mayor said the Council wanted some road meia 1 , and that the Government had it in one of their quarries. 4 All right,' said Sir John, • take it away—3s a yard,' etc. Sir John may swe.l around amongst those Perth smarties. or may blow over at Melbourne what sort of a niche West Australia fills in the Empire, but when those Bunbury magnates get at him be has got to teethe mark, and no snivelling about it either. 