AN ANGEL OF INNOCENCE. CHAPTER-XXXV It will be easily comprehended that Eve reasoned by her instincts, and not by analogy. [Reasoning by analogy, it is true, may be open to sound objection, but there are not a few cases in which it ?is a very fair course to adopt. Evo, howoAer, had had no experience of society, or what is broadly tcrmod life. Sho had no past history which could enable her to draw conclusions that would square with tho rules framed by advanced civilization, or, to speak abstractedly, which would accord with tho clauses sot down ill a rigid codo of pure morality. She had beon left to her instincts iv respect to morality, and her mind had beon cultivated only in those ac complishinouts which are considered to bo independent of ethics, but which, iv fact, are not. A mind trained to rocoguiso tho beautiful in nature and art, and the wonderful in scienco, imbibes with it intuitively a lovo for goodness and virtue. No mind can be greatly depraved which has been taught to scparato tho beautiful from tho un lovely, to worship the former, and .to view tho latter with indifference. or dislike. Something may be said in favour of organization; but it is assorted by phrenologists that au innate disposi tion for evil may be converted to good by developing the inclination for all that is pleasing to eye, car, sense, and which does not contain any debasing matter. Evo possessed two advantages in the culturo Sir Merle Adamant had cun ningly framed for her. Firstly, sho had 110 evil ingrain in her composition ; secondly, whilo tho||kuowledgo of it, as well as of good, was studiously kept from her, she was insensibly led to worship tho latter, through the medium of that education which in cluded music and drawing. Dry study served to strengthen her mental faculties, aud to communicate, unknown to her, a power to rosolvo, to analyze, and to form judgments; but awcet sounds, exquisite iutonation, and mastorly compositions in tho one art, and beauty of form, colour, design, in the other, improved her porcoptive faculties, and communicated tho power of discriminating between the beauti ful, which sho preferred, and tho un comely, which sho disliked. Thus she was—unconsciously to her self, aud unsuspected by Sir Merle Adamant—gradually educated to xeverouco good, and to foster an aver .eion of evil. . '. Whatever was cunniug, or might seem questionable, in her flight from Morden Hall sprang from no natural disposition, nor from any design to discover, if possible, aud associate herself, if living, with her lover, at the expense of her reputation ; but it originated iv an absorbing desire to ascertain the truth or tho falsehood of the statement of Adrian Clyffordo'e death. . ' . '.That alone was hor object, and 'that object sho determined to achieve, at the risk of any peril there might bo at tached to such an attempt. She, had no expectation of seeing him. ' Sho had no intentiou to make aa efEort to do so. Sho had suddenly received a proeentiineut that he ??was" not dead. . Sho could not bring horsolf to bolievo that lie was dead." Yet it had' been so assorted ; thero was a possibility that it was a fact; and she formod the resolution to mako herself mist toss of the absolute truth, iv which ever direction it might lie, and then calmly to pursue tho current oE her destiny. It has beon said that the period at which love is felt most strongly is mostly that at which there is little or no prospect of its being brought to: n happy termination. Certainly Eve never, since she had found tho gentle passion nestling in her heart, had so loved Adrian as she did now that she feared ho was no more. It was not wonderful that her wish to know whether ho had ceased tolive should have absorbed all other desires —nay, all other feelings. '"? It surely was not wonderful that she, like her sex, reckless of consequences when tho attainment of an end was in question, should, on finding herself curbed, restrained —iv fact, a prisoner —adopt tho plan most likely in her imagination to attain that end., ? '-"? So -she secretly made her prepara tions, and having discovered a mode o£ egress, she availed herself of: it in the dead of the night, at the particular hour when not only the whole-househo ld was in deep elumbor, but all with in the precincts of tho estato were sound asleep likewise. She omerged from the doorway at the bottom of the stone staircase, which sho had descended on a previous occa sion with Magdalen, into a shrubbery, as tho latter had suggested: but it wasinto pitchy darkness too. Sho was not affrighted at this, for aho heard the rustling of leaves over head, and sho supposed sho was in some wooded place, through which sho would be able to thread her way to an outlet into the world beyond. Le"d by a faint glimmering of light, visible at somo distance beneath the boughs of the massivo old trees, sho directed her course into what provod to.'bo tho park adjoining the hall. .', She crossodtho opengladoshurriedly ileoing like a phantom underneath the umbragoou? branches of vast oaks, spreading elms', and thickly-foliaged chestnuts. Sho descended the slopes, leading to paddocks and pastures beyond ; and—sho know not how, except that sho had to scalo many obstacles, in tlio shapo of gates, and to spring over gullies in her way —sha found heraoll: in a lauo, which sho fol lowed to its junction with a turu-pike roiid. ? ?????? It was impossiblo for her to tell which diroction, right or left, to take ; but she fancied that slio saw in tho diatauco a railway train stealingswiftly, it scorned, through the air. She had a couvictiou that it must bo proceed ing towarda London, and, therefore, sho took a parallel course, proceeding niinblo-footed and bravely, under a firm impression that she should be ablo to reach her destination on foot, though it might cost her her life. Tot if she wore permitted to gain it, aud learn Adrian's fate before sTiobuc cuinbod to exhaustion, what mattered it how soon sho died aflorwards ? Day dawnod, and she began to dis tinguish objects clearly. She looked anxiously behind her. There was not n creature in sight in pursuit. Then sho looked iirinly bofore her; and although tho road was vory serpentine, still it was clear, as.far as sho could see; and why should it not.bo clear beyond ? And so it proved for a long and weary time, until at length the mono tony of loneliness was broken by tho sound of wheels coming towards hor, and immediately after the cheering sight of a man whom sho could address without misgiving. The newcomer was an old man seated irra little cart, drawn by a slim-legged, fat-bodiod.donkey, troubled with iits of abstraction. It seemed as if the historical animal was, when Ere first caught sight of him, in a profound fit of nbsoiit thought, and that his owner aud driver, by shaking tho reins, crying ' Goo ! gee ! goe—oh !' and by a fran tically pxcitod use of an ash stick, was animatedly ongaged in an earnest en doavour to rouso him out of it, although in vain, for tho .thoughtful creaturo did not quicken his puce. Ho perhaps, now and then, acknowledged tho re ceipt of the ash-plant by a brisker oscillation of his tail ; but with bowed head he continued very slowly to ml vance, as if absorbed by tho rolloction lhat' such is lifo, and we are tho crea tures of its whims.' Tho old mau looked fiorcoly at Evo, aa sho arreetod his progress, au<3 scemod to ask her with his ej'o if she had nny proposition to advance against tho difli culty which was in full vitality be tween him and his Egyptian pony ; ?but she only said to him,, in a gentle voice— ' Doos this road lead to London ?' \- Tho old man screwed up his eyes, and looked at her very hard. Then he replied— ? : ,: 'It do ; but you bo'nt goin* to walk it be you ?' ' I am,' responded Eve, steadfastly. ,' Is it very far ?' ' Ay, young lady, if my cussed moke here had to tako you, it would be,' he returned, with a vicious look at his contemplative quadruped. ' why, I left home at three this inarnin', an' I be goin * to Thames Ditton, jest about four mile'n half from here. At the gallop we're goi:i', I don't 'xpect to got there 'fore day after to-morrer night. , " ? > ' I' hope you will arrive tbero safoly,' observed Eve, not knowing what to say. 'If I live long enough, I shall, no doubt, thank ye, miss,' returned tho old man; and added, with a growl, ' We'll see presently—we'll see. I shall pick up a crow-bar biiueby, I d essay. , * ' Good morning,' ejaculated Eve, not comprehending that it was hie fixed intention to discipline his uriwinged Egyptian Pegnsus with such an instru ment, if he could procuro one. 'Good morn,' good morn, , miss!, ho cried, with a forced smile, and nodding with affected cheerfulness' to her. 'Turn down that by-road to your left; it'll take you on to AVande'orth Com mon. You'll get a train there, an' bo up iv LunnoQ before wo two ha' gone a quarter 6' milo. Good morn , , miss. He drew liimsolC well together as he finished, and, Elowly swinging his eticlc as a seamen does tho lead beforo he heaves it, ho gave it one sudden, wild flourish in tho air, and then delivered it upon the flanks of Pegasus, who ap peared at the moment to be lost in ad miration of his shoes. As on the first application his nag aid not stir, the old man took both hands to his stick, and Eve left him iv exerting his ut most strength in the art of flaggelativo persuasion. \ ; At the comrnencemet, however, it did not look promising, or appear to to be' efficacious, for the old man, having delivered such a " swashing blow" that he almost tumbled head foromost out of the cart with its force, the Egyptiau quadruped began to back; and unless the poor old proprietor jumped out, and, in a lit of powerful wrath, carried him and the cart to Thames Ditton, there seemed to be a probability that the little party would follow Eve to Waudsworth tail first. Eve, however, reassured by finding that she was in the right road to London, pressed on. She was not long in finding the by-road to which he had directed her; but after she hrid proceeded more than a mile down it, she discovered, to her perplexity, that it branched off in two directions. There was no finger-post, and, therefore, she had to trust to chance. She selected tho left hand road as be fore, and it took her to Kingston. She was rather disturbed to find herself in tho suburbs of so ? largo a town, as it appeared ; but she was very weary, footsore, and faint, and needed rest, and felt that she would bo glad to sit down somowhere for awhile, but there were no benches to bo soon. There wore many rows of small houses, all of which looked very now ; but not a spot or place for tho simple uccomo dation sho required. It was very early ; but there voro a few pcoplo about. And at length, utterly exhausted, sho accosted a middle-aged woman, of humble condi tion,.and suid to hor, timidly— 'Is this tho road to London ?' ' No,' returned tho woman, looking curiously at her. ' This is tho way to Hampton Court. Do you want to go to London ?' ' Yes. la it very far ?" returned Eve, faintly. ' Near upon 12 miles by road," ro turnod the woman, scrutinising her from head to foot; 'but you'v6 no call to walk it, have you ?' _' I suppose I must,' replied Eve, with a slight sigh. ' My—car—l have no carriage, and what else can I do ?" ' Tako the rail, to bo sure," snid the woman, promptly. 'There be a train at 8 o'clock—only a shilling—take you up in half au hour—got a shillin', ain't you ?' Ere reflected. Sho know vory little about money ; yet eho had had its uses explained to her in her young days by Granlley Fitzaustroy, who was always talking about it, and coveted it much, and einco by her maid, Magdalen ; but only in a limited degree. Sho had a small'pocket-book, which Sir Merle Adamant had given her, and which ho had told her con tained money. Ho had instructed her to always keep it in her posssssion, and tq. occasionally produce if, when iv tho companionship of one or two persons in a similar position to her self, with whom she might associate. He told hor that it would have a good effect; but ho did not say why. Sho had that pocket-book with her now, so, after a slight hesitation, sho replied iv the affirmative. 'Any more besides it ?' asked tho woman. ' Yes,'returned live, readily, because sho knew that shillings wore silver, and the moro valuablo coins were gold, and sho thought sho recollected having seen some gold in the little pocket-book. ' Very well, thon,' pursued tho woman, loquaciously. ? The railway station is over yonder, about three quarters of a mile. You hnvo two hours good yet; so, as you go along. 3'ou'U eeo a coffee-shop—thero it be. Don't you sco it, whero'that largo red lamp stands with win to letters on it ? Weil, go into that shop, sit down and rest yourself, and got yourself a cup of tea, for you look as white as a ghost, and fagged to death. , 'I am very tired, , observed Eve, very plaiutivoly. ? ? - : ' I am sure you be," rejoined the woman. ' Will any person object to my sit ting down within the house you have just pointed out?' inquired Eve, rather anxiously. Tho woman laughed. ' STou will pay for what you ordor, I suppose, , sho remarked sharply. ' Won't come to much, I dessay; but if it don't, they'll bo glad enough to have your company, I reckon. They're uot driving n roaring trade, you may take your oath. You go on with you. You -looks desperate bad. A cup o' warm tea will do you good. I must be going too, for I'm going out for a day's washing—a hard one it will bo, G-oJ knows—and if,l ain't to my timo, the lady would blow mc up preciously. Ah, she's embitter nipper, she is. Well, good morning, child, and God bless you. , Tc was a kiud wish, uttered in a kind tone, and it sounded greatfully in Eve's enre, although sho did not understand tho force of tho benedic tion ; but she thanked tho poor woman in. her sweetest manner, and then parted. Eve proceeded towards the shop to which the woman had directed her, and when she reached it she paused, and gazed timidly at it; liko Imogen before the cavcof Bolarius. Sho did not much like the aspect of the IIOUBC. She hud never been in one like it before ; it looked to her, indeed, like some ' savage hold,' and she feared to enter. Throwing off all superstition, Eve crossed the threshold just ns tho pro prietor of tho tea and coffeo snloou, imagiuing hn baw an intending , , though backward customer, half in clined to patronise, was about to dart from his establishment, and enact the part of a tout.? Ho ran his eye over Eve's exterior. Her attire was handsomer than his run of customers displayed, and hor faco he thought the loveliest ever created by Dame Nature. . He instantly threw his whole stock of obsequiousness into his manner, and, with a most servile smile, he bowed.her into his ' elegant and com modious saloon, , whichwas tho, front parlor of n small house, fitted up with what jiro termed ' boxes, , being a few upright partitions, to which, scats were attached, and a narrow table ruuning down tho centre. Eve very gladly sank on to the nearest seat, and for a minute or two was unable to speak from exhaustion. All the while she was thus faint, and her brain was confused and wan dering, the owner of the establishment chanted a chorus, the burden of which ran— \ ' Tee, koko, milk or cream, loaf and butt'r, in slices, thin or thick, to"st, eurr'nt cake, red herr'n, ra'al Yar mouth blot'r, 'am, heggs, chop, stake, brilcd haddick, wa'rcresses, reddishes ; ungyoits if demanded.' He went through this chorus second time, before Eve ventured to raise her eyes to him, and when she did turn those lustrous orbs upon him, Porphyro grow faint, and became silent in his turn. Ho heard her say that she was very tired, very weary, that she wished to take some refreshment, and perhaps ho would be bettor able than herself to suggest something that would J have sucli a desirable eiTecfc. ? He replied, mechanically— ' Tee, kawfee, koko, milk or cream, loaf an butt'r ' ? ? She interrupted him by. saying she would haye a littlo tea. ' An' thin slice ?' he added, sug gestively. "" .. (.: ij; .. .. .V . She bent hor head asseutingly, because she tlioughb s lie'-would retire. Sho did not lilto to soo him stnro at her so very directly. It w?8 in his mind to propose that sho should try a tenspoonful or two of noat gin in her tea to aid it in reviv ing hor; but ho refrained, from an uudcfinablo feeling that sho was not a person to whom such advice would bo applicable; and, to her great relief, he retired into a back culinary settle ment, in which the mysteries of dress ing tho various articles he had onu merated, but very few of which he kept in stock, were gono through. It happened Hint the coffoe- house keeper was united to a plump young woman, about 30 yours of * age, who knew how to conjugate solf in everything idontical with her own interest, but in no other way. Sho was jealous and illiterate, and, thero fore, her jealousy developed itsolf in its most unreasonable and most de based form. She saw in an instant that her hus band was a littlo Hurried when ho appeared to obtain tho supply for the new customer, whose arrival she had heard but not seen, and sho watched him cloxelv. She observed that he was unusually careful about tho cleanliness of the cup r.nd saucer lie used ; that he gave the tenpot nn extra number of turns, in order to effectually incroaeo tho .strength of tlio Oolong and Souchong within it. Ho appeared scrupulous about the mill;, and nice nbout the butter. Ho would cut a loaf of the best French brend, which eho hnd pro vided for a friend expected that day to visit her ; and altogether ho went on iv such a manner ns to rouso unfavor ablo suspicions in her ill-balanced mind. 'You are mighty pnrticular, I think, this anorning,'sho observed, 'staring him'through," a3 it is vulgarly ex prosscd. ' Partik'lav customer, 1113' dear,' he answered ; ' quite a lady.' ' I'm blessed if I didn't think so,' sho exclaimed, with much emphasis. ? Here, give mc tho tiny ; I'm not goin , to stand any of youv tricks, my man, I warn you !' ? What stuff, my dear,' deprecated tho man. ' She's ra'al lady, and no mistake.' ? Pretty much of a lady to only want a cup of tea and a thin slice ! 11l see and judge for myself," rejoined tho wife. 'If sho is a lad}', all the more reason I should wait on her.' She whipped up tho tray before her husband could prevent her, and sallied oil* with it into the saloon. He hntl intended to havo added some nice fresh wiiterccsscs to the bread and butter, nnil to havo trieil to havo pro vailed-upon Eve to " heat a hegg " ; but his'wife put an cud to thoso kind intentions by usurping liis duties, and leaving him to look after some " had dick " which she had been dressing for her own breakfast. As soon as she turned her back upon him ho opened a cupboard door as if in search of something, and put his face within, but it was only to anathe matise—to curso and swear—at his "bitter" half most copiouslj, most flagrantly, and most profanely. While he was thus atrociously oc cupied, his wifo presented herself before Eve, placed the " cup of tea and thin slice " beforo her, and ran her eyes swiftly all over her. Her brow foil. Evo's face, sho saw, was indescribably boautfful; but she would not acknowledge it. She turned her nose up. Sho glanced at the dusty condition of tho lower part of Eve's rich silk dross, and she tossed her head up. She held out her hand. ' Cup o' tea, thin slivo—thrupence !' she demanded, with, a stern, sullen look. ' What ?' asked Eve, not under stauding her. ' Cup o , tea, thin slice—thrupence !' ropeatod the woman, sharply, and she rested her disengaged hand on the tray, prepared to instantly remove it, unless her demand was promptly paid. 'Do you mean uiouey ?' observed Eve, interrogatively, half shrinking From the woman, with dislike. 'Or course I do,' returned the woman brusquely. ' Don't 1 speak plain enough for your ladyship ?' Evo did not answer, but searched for her pocket-book. ?You've been walking, , said the woman, curtly, as she stared at Eve's face. 'A long" way, - too, I should think?' : 'A very long way,' returned Eve, with a sigh. ; - - ? 'All nighty I, suppose ?' remarked the.woman. ;. . ?'.-?. ' Very nearly all nigh fc,' she answered. The woman tossed up her head. : '1- thought .?so, , she ' Pretty lady, indeed. , - Then sho said ih" a louder tone,'., . Come from Kich mond, I suppose?' ? ? - ' Richmond !' repeated Eve, shaking her head ;' I cannot say; Ido not know the name of the place.' ' I could have sworn it, , said the woman to herself; ' this is the fool's real lady.' By this time, Evo had examined the contents of her purse ; but, to her dismay, there wns no gold whatever in it, and sho surmised that she had boon mistaken in supposing that there had been any. But there were some care fully-folded pieces of paper, and she was quite sure Sir Merle had called them money. ? She one to the woman, and said— ? 'This is the only kind bE money I have.' ? ? ? ? The woman took it. She saw that it was a? bank-note;- she screwed up. her "nose and lips with a withering sneor. ?????. ?Nothing smaller than this?" she asked. . - ? 'I have no otlier, , , replied Evo, timidly, the woman lpoked so spiteful at her. ' ' ''?' ' ' - >'The woman loft the lea and thin slico in possession of Eve, and ro turnoil to her husband. She almost tossed the noto in his face. ' There, you sneaking, coutemptiblo hound, , she said, with vindictive bitterness. ' I thought how much of a lady your precious madam was; that's tho only money sho's got, and she's como from Kiclunond—Star and Garter, of course. Let mc caution you my man. Don't you attempt to play any of your games with mc, for if you do, I'll play you such a gaino you shall novel' forget to tho last hour of your beastly existence ; you wretch you !' Tbo man ehowed his teeth, and snarled ; but ho opened the note, and when ho had done so, his face elon gated, and his oyes expanded to an unnatural extent, his saffron-colored visago grow awfully yellow, and he ejaculated, with great emphasis— ' Pheugh 1* ' What's tho matter now ?' cried his wifo, wlioso scowl at him changed to n look of surpriee. She snatched the noto from him. ' Here, give it mo,' she said snap pishly. She examined tho right-hand cornor of tho note, and eho cried, ' PliDUgli !' too.' ? Then she stared at " her husband, and her broath seemed to have for saken her. But, recovering it almost immediately, alio said, in au undertone of intense nelonislunent— ' "Why, Josc|)h, it's a note for one thousand pounds !' 1 Ono thousand pounds !' echoed Joseph, with a vacant look. Ho wiped cold drops of perspiration witl) tho back of his hand from his forehead, and sank upon a stool. Mrs Joseph glared at Evo throng a window pane. (To he continued.) 