»„ ? -... ',?? -ft'-- 'r '£ ^^ ? L_^ ? , ? — - THEY miKJHE NfGHT. i rat gust ghost of rasftfok. / ^e numberless sapetstitSttnswhl&hbesefc; fmmanifcy in the past an elmosffeone, and with rapid strides the world becomes daily mom matter of feck. Still, it continues to wee gbonts and to believe in them, Its habit ^nowadays is to want to pub its bunts on ttnlngs, t» know by toacb ae well as sight i that tbe things are there before it believe*. i bvt nevertheless ghosts more here ana )Hnn in the throngs, and intelligent people I m convinced mat toey are actually super eatoral visitors. A case in point is the Beaton ehoet, which ia attracting much MKention. A farmer named John W. French and hia Vile were tite first toeeethe apparition, ; Ehey lira in Che country near Benton, and \- More driving home one night from a, neigh* boar**. Toe road passed an old church, J wn coveted and surrounded by a grave- ' i lord, overgrown with shrubbery and filled ! kith the bones of hundreds *bo once tilled ? Hi* mil in the locality. Ten yean ago an ?feed man who lived alone not far from the rid cbnreh and visited the graveyard almost fbuly to pray over tbe resting place of some {relative, was foully murdered for the store mi gold he was enpposed to have hidden ?bout bis hermit abode. The robbers and iBoideren escaped justice, and the luckless greybeard was boned in tbe graveyard Where be spent so mneh time. Just as feYencb and bis wife drew within eight of -ftbe white headstones in the churchyard the faoreee reared back on their haunches and {snorted in . terror. French was alarmed, tend, suspecting highwaymen had been tnented by tbe hones be reached for a gun, fbn* before his hand touched it he was ?Battled by a scream from bis wife, dutch line hie arm, she pointed straight ahead and Ipasped i ' Look, John. Look ! ' 5 Far down the road, just beside the glim* . weeing monuments of the old graveyard, he is* wan apparition. It was that of a man iwith a long white beard sweeping over his Jbreast. Hie figure appeared to be eight {bet io height, and in one band it carried a idab. such as the brains of the old man had jbeen beaten out with ten yean before. jSlowiv raising one arm, the ghost with a JBttjostic sweep beckoned French to come fen. fie was tooetartied to do anything lexcepc try to restrain the prancing horses, Jwbich were straining at the harness in at Itempte to break away and ram A cold feweat started out all over the body of the Manner as be realised that be was at lasb Sooting at a ghost* and then tbe sound of ibis wife's voice came to him, begging him. *o return tbe way they bad come and etcape * iftfae doom which seemed impending. French faros still too much scared and excited to icontrolthe horses, and as be gazed stead ftastlr at the fearfal.whita object in the sroad it slowly began to move coward them, ^Ebeclub was now raised to its shoulder, mm a soldier carries a rifle, and it seemed! ?to move forward without touching the jg-round, like s winged thing. ' i Then the farmer recovered bis faculties. ^Whirling bis team around, be Iasbedthe ?raises into a ran and est out for the house -af the friend he had just left. Whvti they «mved there, both the man and bis wife were almost fainting from fright. \- 19m next man to see she ghost was Mil tea Moon. He bad tbe reputation for being me only a man of intelligence, but one ?without fear. Hi* experience was orach the ?sme as chat of tbe Frenches, and it brought ?bout several investigations by parties of people. In each case shey saw and were «envineed of tbe actual presence of the 3ghos* without bring able to discover any vatisfactory explanation. An interesting American ghost is shaft arbicb is said to dwell in the Forbes manor house at Bath-on-the-Hadeon, near Albany. ' Dneoight about thirty Tears ago the manor : boose was tbe blazing scene of a social gathering. Just what out of the ordinary happened that night nobody in Bath knows. B«t something did happen, for everybody \ ia Beth says so. At any rate, it was & gala ? Bight, but the next morning all the servants excepting four faithful ones, who had been mbh tbe family for many yean, were dis charged, and shortly after breakfast all the ftntimrtnri of tbe family left the manor house an carriages. No pood-byes were said. flfehiad them they left their beautiful home jm is bad been the day before. On the fts—****'1' and dressers wore the pictures of {friends ; in the bureaus and lockers and lehesw were, their clothes ; on the desks their blatters and papers. Trinkets lay on the ^tables forgotten. The doors were locked, Kbe curtains polled down, and tbe bouse ?closed for all time. Jk man in black is said to walk that house (?very night, mumbling acd moaning as he pauses np and. down the broad stairway. Boom of people assert chat they have heard him, and a feweay that they have seen him. One of the latter describes him as follows ; His hair was long and curly and parted on Ute aide, his eyes were bright, his features clearly cut, and bis face pain. He was smooth shaven, and wore a high standing collar and a black bow and stock. He waa {in evening dress and wore no jewellery ex cept a gold fob. For a moment be ceased mumbling, and then began moaning and ?ralked away. Be pastsed the door, walk ing toward tbe stairway. The ghost hunter tiptoed to the door and watched him ascend ; tbe stairway till he was half-way to the top, ? srben he stopped as though he had encoun tered another person. He raised his hands , ftjppealtngly. and fell backward with.e shriek tEatrastff tnroocnoottbenonBeand war answered by the echoes. His bead fttrnck a marble step, and thinking be bad been injured the watcher rushed to the fipot. Heeaw nothing. ; TfcehiBtoryof this ehost is tightly locked with die family, who now live in the old j Forbes mansion. New York. Paul Simeon j Forbes purchased the manor house in 1850 j from the Van Rensselaerp, with S0O ec-ea of land. He paid 93,000 dollars for 't, which was considerably less than the cost of the bonse.the land being practically thrown in. Tbe manor house is now the property of a Boston man, Nathaniel Stone. ? , ; ' The ancient houses of fcngland have al ways been favourite haunts of ghosts. Sussex, which, of all the English counties, has. retained its old characteristics the most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little visited district, which was once the centre of England's iron industry. There is tbe headless man of St. Leonard's forest, known as Squire Paulett. who jumps upon tbe crupper of. a horseman entering the forest and remains there uutil clear of it. There is the drummer of Huretmonceauc Black dogs, a favourite ebape assumed by ghosts all over England, haunt all dark lanes and lone byroads, and under many a I sequestered wooden bridge a woman may j be seen spinning, virile on the old cattle ; road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as tbe l-rove way. a goblin may be seen on any dark, wild night incessantly spinning charcoal. Norfolk is another county which teeice with ghoste. There is a pale, long-haired woman who runs shrieking among the piti , on Aylmerton Heath. There is a great \- black ' shuck dog '' — the word ' shuck * ' is said to mean tbe devil — which bu J a blazing eye in tbe centre of bis forehead, | and has a brother at Peel Castle, in the Isle of Man. the spirit of a murdered prisoner. Then young Lord Dacre.who was murdered j in 1565 by his guardian. Sir Richard Ful mention, who arranged that a rocking borse oa which tbe boy Bat should fall, still ; prances about on a headless rocking-horse. : Anne Boleyn still ridee down the avenut of Blickling Park once a year in a hearse like coach, drawn by four headless horse! and driven by a headless driver, with bei head in her lap, and her father.Str Thomas, does the same thing. At Gaistor Gastb there is another coach land beadless team, and yet another near Great Dielton. Thii last rises from a pool every midday and midnight and, with its load of four headiest dripping white robed ladies, passes slowly round tbe field and sinks again, and tradi tion says that at this spot long ago a bridal party were upset into this pool and nevei seen again. 