-? A STORY -OF THE SEA. I Not all navfil otlioei's can bonat, Jiko Captain Corcoran, R. N., that thfiy ure never, never aiolc at sen. Every now and then one is met who, no ''matter how long lia niay remain in tho 'K nvv, can nover sot nail without suffering from that dire diseiwifl. Suoli a man 'was Captain Hardy Lee, U.S.A. Ha rarely appeared 011 dsuk save in dead calms, or in severs stress bf we«fclier I wben he dragged himsolf forth, looking iike'Rueasick ghost. Ho commanded tlie old sloop-of-war Ta.npn, on a cruiso sho mado to the Sonth Pacific f.hont 20 years ago. JTo had 'orders to 'stop ut Apia to pick up a party of scientists who hud been making come investigations in - Samoa for the 'Smithsonian' Institution, ?After passing through tho 'Strait of Magellan, tho Tampa lio'.vled along at a lively gait that kept the captain closo confined to his cabin, A number of albatross followed the ship for several days for the saka of what the cooks threw overhoaid, ' One day Ensign MayneTSraoiv more generally known by his nick name of 'Splicer,' sent an apprentice -boy he low for it stout lisliliiiu and a piece of pork. Tying tho line about tha Dork ?lie threw it overboard. -'Almo'st 'in stantly one of the albatross pounced up on it and swallowed if, where npni'Spli eer hauled tlie bird abroad. - -Dire'ctine some of his Wlow-oflicei's ' to ho|d the Happing wing aud wrigaling head,' he took a brush from the painter and drew i_ ? e ? ? ~i_.. ? ,..u_ bn.,,.. u jmii ul hjji'utuuics'uu ? -tue ?aiviin- roas 1 ^ihan cutting' the ' fish lino off close to the bird's mouth, he let it- go. The bird's ridiculous appearance was graeted with shouts bf laughter by Spli cer's associates, who insisted that the entire 'fiock should lis -- similarly deco rated, and in the course of the^'after noon the task was accomplished. ! A few days later the Tampa ran into a dead calm, and the ' capt'iin 'emerged from the cabin looking a little peaked, but the incarnation of official -dignity. The vessel proceeded under h'er atlsi'lary steam power, and the albatross still kept up their unceasing pursuit. Sucl ilently the captain observed them -for the first time. - He- rubbed -'his eyes, and looked at them again j'theii' turn- ing to the quartet master, he asked for the glass, and scanned them closely for several minntes. ' Mr. Biaco,' he asked at length of that officer, who happened to be stand ing near, ' have you noticfid - anything peculiar-about those 'birds V' ' ' Why, no sir,' said Splicer, ' Ihey seem to act very muoh as albatross usually -do.' No, liut their'tnarkings,' exiilained ihe captain,. '? I never saw 'albatross so curiously marked in my life,' ?' Oh, yon ief«r to those rathor odd slreak.s a-'rui. the oves'!'; exuliiimed Sphcar. ?' Yes, sir, my attention . has : been culled 10 them.' ?' Attention has been called to tbem !'' shouted the captain. 'You don't mean to say that you had 10 wait- for' somebody to show them to you 1 It-f ?the most reuiSrkable whimsicality of - nature I ever witnessed.' 'Tiles sir, I believe ihs sprcies is very rare,' taid Splicer. ' Of course,' he continued, ' we studied -all -about th'em at, the academy, and I learned then that they were se doin met with nowadays. '??It is fcid' that on -account of the superstitious feelings of the sailors it has been impossible to secure a specimen for any of -our-museuins. DiomedeaJSpectacul«ta; I believe, the \- species is called, orSjiectacled -Ailiatross, from a - fancied ' resamblatice .'if * their uiarkings to a pair of eyeglasses.' .' Fanucied resemblance' !'' roared 'the captain. ' VVhy^damme, I liiid to take the glass to psrsnade niyself.ahat- they weren't adjustable ! Gad, sitvi'll secure one of tbe«e very birds, and pressnt it to my fiivnd Proferror Hunter, whom you'll rnent at Splicer heaan , to ...fear 'that his jest might act as a ? boomerang -on ? him-e'lf. ' I am afraid it would be impossible to -hnot one of those birds, sir,' he int.er posad, ' without / tinning great 'danger of killing it. Ann, of corns* you W'inhl not- want to-'do that. The tnoral' effect on the men would be very bad — Lmight say disastrous ' ' ' Who said anything about shooting?' queried the captain. ' Do vou suppose I am goini? to use one of uncle -S bi's fineit sloops of war to retrieve sea-'-irds with 1 Quartermaster, get me-a Hiout, fish line with a piece of pork,' and the captain pro-eeded to instruct the'ensign in the art of fishing for s'batross. The ensign b-gin to tromble in 'his shoe-) when he saw one of the - birds swallow the bait and b'ain to come abourd'vrith the line. 'As he looked around nervonrly, as if to -tssok - some nlacn whither to escape,' he noticed . a dark Wne streak approaching'thi? whter. It was hia only hope. 'Th« -albatross was nearly landed. ' It looks as if we might-have'squally weather, sir.' said Splicer. Tha captain quick y turned, and gave the necessary ordeiB for disconuing.:ihe use '?£ steam and ^ioceBding nnder #-ail ; and then, telling Brace to have' the albatross properly secured and cared tor, he beat a hasty retreat to his cabin, ?'When the Tampa cast-anchor inApia Bay, the captain reappeared. '?Mr. Bruce,' he said, ^when thht 'iBScer appeared ia answer to his sum moiis, ' I hope yon have' followed out my instructions in regard ' to that re markable albatrosM,' Ye3. sir,' replied the ensign. ? ''I am now going'on shore to meet Professor Hunter and his lairned associates, but before going 'I should -liks-fco examine tb« bird taore closely than I have had an opportunity' to do hitherto ? Well, sir, do you hear me? Why do you hesitate ?' ''I rcgiet — I — I ftmr 'that 'ii- will bs iuijiosHible sii\' ' Impossible '? Do I Nhear ? aright' 1 Take care, Mr.- Bruce ! I trust you can explain your language satisfactorily, sir,' -m Why, :the fact is, sirj' ? replied Splicer, ' -that the albatross is not on ?board.' ' ' Not on board, Mr, ^USrucs? ;I plac d the bird in your charge, and I shall hold you responsible - for - it. i'-Thr.iugh whose ??nogligenca 'did - it es-; ? c«p« ?' ' rilrongh -nobody's sir-; by. -my ^ordor.' ?' ' By your orders,* Mr/ Bruce ? Egiid, ? sir, that is very like disobedience to my 'ordeis, sir ! ?AndI- dainme, ? that would be-a conrtmartial offence !' ' Yes, sir,' replied the junior watch officer ; 'I realised that when' I took the responsibility in your — eh — absencp, sir. - The' fact is that 1 ho bird, despite the 'most eolicitiouB care, became ? ill, very ill, sir; so ill that the mon -were surd 'that? it would die. - I feared that it would-myself, sir ; and knowing- the ?bad name that would attach to the ship in that event, --in view of the supersti tious Jfeelitigs of tlie crew, whon'I judged that its recovery was impossible, 1 1 — I ordered l'ts release, sir.' ' ' Egad, sir, you ' nave taken ? a dan gerous liberty !' Tho captain's : face was pu^plenvith suppressed rage. ' You say the bird was ill — what was the mat ter- with 'it 1 Where 'was 'the surgeon' 1 What disease could any ' bird get -on board this ship that would ) justify ? you in throwing it -overboard T' ' ' It was- seasick, sir !' 