:f f:: :v 8ïï(Kra Sf aa? ;r;r';íw:: , v THE COLONEL'S CASE, i. . THE Colonel was fifty, and he looked it. A tall, lean man, bis bronzed faoe and grey hair made him appear older thau his /year* ; but he carried himself well, as peeatne a soldier, and thirty years' service in the East had told but little on his iron con- stitution. He was still in the prime of life, yet life seemed to have but little charm for him. His thoughtful faoe was rarely bright- ened by a emile, and his eyes, though keen, were grave. "E's an old man afore his time, ie the Colonel !* as old Grover, the gardener, said ; and he, if anybody, ought to know. For Grover had worked about the place, man and hoy, for nearly eeventy years ; he had been taken on first in old Mr. Travis's time, the Colonel's grandfather ; be had been raised to the dignity of head-gardonor by the late master, the Colonel's uncle ; and now that the Colonel had inherited the old place, he had many a tale to tell of the spirited, fair haired child who had always spent his holi- days at Durlton Hall, and had been suoh a favourite with his young cousins, Frank and "Walter. « Ay, they wor allua good to the little chap, they wor ; and lively enuf 'e was in them days,' the old man would say, addressing the younger generation, to whom . the Colonel was a stranger ; * alias at Mr. Frank's'eels, he wor, 'specially if there wor any talk of goin' after the rats, or knookin' over a rabbit or two ; an* let Mr. Walter ao muob as whistle to the dogs, Vd be up and off in a minit. An' to think as they're both dead, an' 'e master 'ere, an' wi' never ohiok nor child to como after 'im ! Ay, ay I I've seen a many ohanges in my time, but the worst change of all', please Heaven, I'll not live to see-the day when there's none of the name left to be master in Durlton Hall ?' 'Oh, don't distress yourself about that, Mr. Grover !' and the stout landlady of the .Blue Lion' smiled encouragingly. 'The Colonel may marry yet.' ' 'E may, ma'am ; and then again 'e may not. It all depends. Wi' some gentlemen as 'ad a fine property, like this 'ere', wi' sich .a deal of glass, and all the modern improve- ments, you'd feel easy, so to speak. But in the Colonel's oase--' ' YesP' as he paused, shaking his shaggy white head expressively.. »What in the' Colonel's oaseP' \- . I don't know what to say; and thaVs the fact.' - .;;;!-"-^/ ... " And certainly>joo ¿oioe else-i was better -qualified to give an' oprnipn., \ v The Colonel had left the army' on succeed- ing to his inheritance, and he had now been settled at home for six months or more. He lad been cordially received in the neigh- bourhood ; but though he had met all friendly advances pleasantly, he had shown little inclination to society. To women he was chivalrously courteous, and absolutely indifferent ; he avoided them whenever he ?could do so without incivility, and when .that was impossible, he did. his duty like, a man and a gentleman. What more need gallant Colonel and wealthy landed pro- prietor attempt P One friend, however, Colonel Travis had made since he name home, and that was the Bc o tor. Mr. Winton was a ¡rood old man, and years and experience had taught him loth, kindliness and tact. . He was a lonely -man, too : for he was childless, and his wife had long been dead. The Rectory stood but a stone's-throw from the gates of the Hall, . and the Colonel often strolled over after dinner for a smoke, or a hard-fought game .of ohess. One evening he was going there as usual, when a girl oame quickly down the path just as he reached the Rectory gate ; so that lie paused and held it open for her to pass out. She was very young-not more than -fifteen or sixteen, perhaps-and as he glanced at her, the setting sun shone redly on her fair hair and delioate, pale features, giving them a rioher warmth of colouring than Naturo had ever intended them to possess. ' Thank you,' she said shyly ; and, as she spoke, he started and looked at her more keenly. ' ' It is getting late. I hope you have not .far to go P* he said. ' Only aoross the green, and a little way -down the lane.' 'I think-you are a stranger here P' . Yes ; we only oame yesterday.' 'WeP You aro not alone, then P' ' I am staying with Mrs. Dangerfield. Mr: Winton is an old friend of hers. I oame "here now with a note from her, but I don't think ehe has ever been to this place before,' the girl explained, with a wondering glance at him. 41 know I have not.' ' Of oourso not. I thought I could not "know your faoe.' Well, he oertalnly ought to do so next -time he met her ! Her look of surprise recalled him to him- self. 'I beg your pardon,' and he raisod his hat ' -with grave courtesy. ' I must not detain iou ; hat I thought lor a moment that por aps-» jj0 stopped. . Oh, it does not matter,' she said, with a quick smile ; and while *ho turnqd from him, and walked with swift, girlish graoo aoroBS the green, he watched hor with an interest which would have greatly astonished; old Grover, had ho been there to Roe. He was not, howover, and in another momont ¡tho ?Colonel roused himself, and went on to the house, whore ho found Mr. Winton in the library. . I thought you'd be over to-night for jour revenge,' the Reotor said, as he roso to meet him. 'What a beating I gave you yesterday! J3h, Colonel? But what is the matter, man.?' he added, in a tone of con- cern. ' Are you ill ? You look as it you'd seen a ghost.' * Something of the sort !* and he sat dowr wearily. 4 A ghost from the past, not from the graveyard. Oh, it was a chance likeness, nothing more ; but it Bhook mo a bit, and I'm afraid I forgot my manners, and questioned the girl too olosely. By the way, oan you toll me anything about her ?' ' What girl are you speaking of ?' 4 She is staying with a friend of yours-a Mrs. Dangerfield.' 4 No ; I know nothing of her. I did not even know Mrs. Dangerfield had anyone with her but servants.* * This girl is no servant,* shortly ; 1 you oouldn*t mistake her for one.* 4 Very likely not. if I saw her-; hut; I have not seen her to my knowledge.* 4 But she brought you a note just now. She told me BO.' 'She did not come in, but, left it with Jane. However, l am going to see Mrs. Dangerfield to-morrow, and I may hear something of ber then.' * Well, if you should-' said the Colonel. 4 But, after all, it can be nothing but an ac- cidental resemblance. There is no good in thinking about it any more.' But though he said no more on the subjeot, his thoughts evidently wandered a good deal from the game that evening ; so that far from his revenge-the poor Colonel was even more hopelessly beaten than on the ' last occasion when the Reotor and he had played together. Moreover-most significant sign of all to one who knew the man --he. soarcely even appeared to observe that'he was havintr the worst of it. * Poor fellow !' the Reotor said to himself that night, as he stood and looked at the ohess board after his guest had taken his departure. 4 At other times he would be more tb an a bit shaken to play so vilely as that ! Lost his queen just for nothing threw her- away, so to speak ! How queer he looked when I pointed it out to him I I wonder what sort of a past that ghost came from, that it should upset him so? Poor TraviB ! poor fellow!' and shaking his head sadly, the old Reotor lit his candle, and went up to bed ; his innocent victory cruelly marred by his conviclion that it was to some extent-only, of course, to some extent due to mental disturbance on his opponent's part. H* When the Reotor called on Mrs. Danger- field the next morning, he found her alone. She was a kindly, pleasant spoken woman, with more spirit than strength ; her husband had, died many years before* leaving; her amply provided for, and. she;, had no hear relatives. Mrs. Dangarfield and the Reotor were old friends, and she had spent the summer months at Durlton more that once before ; for in that quiet village the usually busy woman could be as idle as she pleased, and enjoy thorough rest from all social duties. For a month or two this suited her exactly, and she was loud in her praise of the charms of rural retirement ; but after that time she began to wearj of it, and longed for the ex- citement and bustle of life again. 4 It is impossible to live at Durlton,' she frequently assured him towards the end of the third month. 41 exist here-a delight- ful existence enough, I grant you-but that is all.' And the Rector, who had his own opinion on the subjeot, founded both on ob- servation and personal expérience, smiled indulgently, and said nothing, for he knew the hopelessness of contradicting her. 4 How good of you to oome so soon 1' she said cordially, as soon as the first greet- ings were over. 4 But I knew I might oount upon you. I have a favour to ask of you, Mr. Winton : I want your advice in a very delicate matter-mind, I don't ab- solutely promise to aot upon it, but want it all the same-and,, perhaps, your help. May I have them ?' 4 Of course, I am at yourjjaervice, and will do anything I can for you with the greatest pleasure,' the Reotor replied. 4 What is the difficulty P' 4 The matter really concerns a poor friend of mino ; suoh a sad case ! She is a widow -a proud, reserved1 woman-and I guess more than I know of her troubles. But I want badly to help her, for she has been a great comfort to me. When I was ao ill last year the doctor said I should have died if it had not been for Nurse Margaret.' 4 And how do you propose to help her ?' 41 want her to give up nursing altogether -I'm sure she isn't strong enough for it and live with me as my companion ; of course, I should make it worih her while.' 4 And you think she is adapted to suoh a position P' . 4 Oh, admirably ! She is a devez woman, and could adapt herself to anything.' The Reotor could not help smiling at this characteristically off-hand reply. 4 Brit she has all sorts of qneer notions, and might take it into her head to refuse. Do you see P' 4 Yea, I see what you mean ; but I don't quito BBQ how I am to help you in the matter.' 41 want you to tell ber she mustn't do it.' 4 But how oan I, with so little knowledge of the faots, presume-' 4 Never mind about that now. Wait till you've heard all. You must tell her she mustn't refuse-that it ls her duty to aooept my offer for her daughter's sake.' 4 Oh, pho has a daughter, then P' 4 Yes ; the girl is staying with me now. You'll be oharmod with her. Sho is very Eretty and well eduouted, too ; though bow er mother baa managed to do it all paBses my comprehension. It has been a hard struggle ac times to find the money ; that much I know, for aha told me so herself.' ' And what do you propose to do with the girl?' ' Finish her education, and give her a start in life. She is Bure to want to take up some- thing-they all do nowadays-and ehe may as well have a chance of doing it success- fully-' ' And you wish tho mother to make her home with you permanently?' ' Of oourae ; and I shall provide for her in my will. It would not be fair to ask her to give up her profession otherwise.' 4 No, it would not,' he «aid slowly. ' I only wished to be sure you had contemplated this.' The Reotor did not like to say that he thought it possible she might change her mind a few months hence ; but Mrs. Danger- field guessed the cause of his hesitation, and laughed genially. 'You need not be afraid that I shall grow tired of this arrangement,' she said. 'I have long wished to meet some one whom I could ask to live with me, and Nurse Margaret is just the person I want-a thorough lady, of whom I could make a friend--while May will give me quite a new interest in life. Now, don't you think it's a very good idea P* 4 It seems so, certainly,' Mr. Winton ad- mitted thoughtfully. 4 Is this lady- Nurse Margaret, as you oall hor-staying with you now?' ' No ; but I hope she'll be here ia a few days, when her present patient can spare her. It won't be my f aalt if she ever has another. Well, will you help me ?' ' If I oan, hut I would rather have a talk with the lady before committing myself to any opinion.' . t . . You shall have an opportunity of doing so as soon as I oan arrange it. But I ought to warn you that she is very reservod, and, of course, all I have told you is strictly between ourselves.' 4 Oh. of course ! By the way, do you know Colonel Travis P' ' No ; he was still in India when I was here last. But why do you ask ?' ' He met your young friend last night as he was coming to see me, and he asked me who she was.' 'You oan tell him she is my adopted, daughter. It is perfectly true, for as her mother is often unable to 'look after her, I do my best to take her plaoe. For reasons which I cannot enter upon just now, I would rather you said no more. But I want you to see the girl, and. in good time, here she ' comes!' The Reotor turned with a look of bene- volent interest on his kindly faoe as May came in, oarrying a glorious bunch of tea roses and carnations. ? Yes, she was very pretty ; the Colonel was right. 'My dear ohild, where did you get those lovely flowers ?' Mrs. Dangerfield exclaimed, before the girl oould speak. ' We have nothing like them in our garden.' ' Colonel Travis gave them to me ; wasn't it kind of him ?' ' Very kind indeed ; but what in the world do you know of Colonel Travis P' ' I saw him last night at the Rectory, thongh I didn't then know who he was ; and I met him just now some way off in the fields. It was getting late, so I asked him the best way home, and he showed me a Bhort out through his grounds. He says I may oome that way whenever I like. Oh, he has such a lovely plaoe !' 41 suppose it is very pretty. But, my dear, I want to introduce you to Mr. Winton. This is the young friend of whom I have been telling you, Mr. Winton- my adopted daughter, May.' ' 8o you've been making friends with the Colonel P' the Reotor said, as she shook hands with him. ' He has a beautiful home, has he not ?' ' Yes,' enthusiastically ; ' pretty ÍB much too small a word for it. But how lonely he must be in that big house, with no one but servants about him ! It's no wonder he looks so sad !' ' Do you think he looks sad, Miss May r Well, I believe you are right. He shuts himself up too muoh ; you must help me to oheer him up a bit. And now I must really be going. No, I oannot stay to lunch, thank you.' . Then you will dino with us to-morrow ? Come, I will t&ko; no refusal J» . With pleasure, my dear madam ; and you must dine with me one evening-both of you--and I'll ask Travis to meet you P Como, I will take no refusal, either I* « Very well ; May will he delighted, I'm sure, and so shall I. Any evening would suit us.' . Then I'll arrange with the Colonel to- night. He generally looks in after dinner ; as Miss May says, he's a bit lonely in that big house, and seems to find the company of an old fellow like me better than none. Good-bye until to-morrow evening, then.' And the Reotor left them. He had learned but little that he could tell the Colonel. ' Her name is May, and she is Mrs. Dangerfield's adopted daughter,' that was all. It was not muob, certainly, and he feared his friend would be disappointed at suoh a meagre aooount ; but it was the best he could do for him under tho oiroumstanoes. Mr. Winton was inclined to think that Mrs. Dangerfield was making a wholly un neoossary fusH abnut nothing. He know her myhteries of old, and, truth to toll, had but a poor opinion of them. But be was none the loss bound to respect her confidence beoaiino ho more than suspeoted that thero was but little to. oonfide. 1 Her name is May, and she is Mrs. Dangerfield's adopt od daughter ' ; it was a terribly bald bio graph?, and the more ho thought of sub- mitting it to the Colonel, tho lesa he liked it. Still, the thing had to be done, and he did it. * May ? But what is her other name ?' Colonel Travis asked abruptly. , * I do not know. I did not hoar it.' * And that is all you heard about her ?' * I can toll you no more.' The Colonel was silent. : ? ( III. 1 But though Colonel Travia asked no more about May, the Reotor was soon convinced that this was from no lack of interest in her. He was evidently strongly attracted to the girl, and ebe, on nor part, treated him with a frank friendliuosa to whioh the grave and lonely niau had long boen a stranger. After the diDner at the Raotory, his acquaintance with Mrs. Dangerfield ripened rapidly into friendship ; und if at first she was glad to see him tor tho Rector's sake, she soon learned to like him for his own. Meantime, Mr Winton heaid no more of Nurse Margaret. Appirontly her patient's case had proved a stubborn one ; was it she herself that was stubborn? The Reotor wondered a little, but thought it better to ask no questions. He wondered a little, too, that May never spoke of her mother. Ho had never once heard the girl allude to her, though she I ohattered freely enough on most subjeots. (To be concluded next week.) 