"Ihe Bush Telegraph." [By ROBERT AUEN, in the Australasian Pastoralints Review.\ Por the third time in eighteen months the B- station cattle had broken camp, and almost in the same ground up among the Blue Mountains on the old stock -, Toute. The first time they lost twenty-five head ;^ the second, thirty odd; and the third and last time their loss was heaviest, and this particular mob had been under the care of the boss himself. What had started the cattle was a matter of opinion among the drovers, but all were of opinion that it was no groundless scare that set them going fike a whirlwind. Bill Best, a drover of unimpeachable character and with a notod habit of using profane and original blasphemy, having lost the second lot during his watch, stuck to his opinion, namely, that it was a blanky ghost, for he'd seen the white thing among the cattle just before they stampeded, so help him. The third lot broke camp during the boss's watch, and he also had seen something white prowling round just before the cattle broke. Yet there were others who had lost cattle when camped in the moun- tains, and they put the ghost theory down to rum and copperas tobacco. So, early in the following year, another mob left B-- station for southern markets, with the redoubt- able Bill Best in charge. The boss, who was also owner ot these bauly faced Herefords, passed them on the road, bound for Sydney. In those days, some twenty odd miles north-east of the Blue Moun- tains lived old man Hart and his three unruly daughters. Up in the reaches, with the sleepy valley of the Hawkesbury far below, in the quiet of the eucalyptus, they had , been born ; the harsh cry of the king . parrot,. the geering laugh of the jackass, their only music; their creed, simple in.itself, "possession is nine points cf the law." Here, alone in solitude, they grew up from year, to year learning the mysteries of the weird bush, facing the drought, working among the odd lot of cattle by day; at night lying out in the stagnant heat, listening to the hun- dred voices of the darkness. Of their (Sod they knew nothing ; of the loves of man they wondered vaguely. The whole world of these three savage girls lay in the circle of a score of miles. Of the world beyond they were entirely ignorant. In the spring time the animals mated in ."the bush; the curlews cried plain- tively to each other; the 'possums scrambled, two and two ; everywhere was weird sensitive feeling-the heart of the solemn' bush -awak- ening. They grew to womanhood-tall, defiant, and strong. Their feet had never known the touch of boots, and the# fear that is born and thrives" in their more fortunate sisters in the valley below had never come to them ; they roped their young horses, 'riding them legs astride ; and' the odd lots of cattle brought by ¿he old ' man at times from away 'up the .mountains. they penned up "and branded with the strength of men, swearing, and dodging, and blas- pheming in the heat and dust. Barring the old mah Hart, the three firls had no equal at faking " a rand, tracking a steer« or riding an outlaw. Truly they were a godless trio. ' Sal and Jenny, the two elder sisters, were dark, like their mother, long since dead, but Polly," the youngest, was red-haired, taking after her father. But such hair ! A heavy mass of ; tangled copper, coming- down to her waist. Her eyes were grey and soft, unlike those of her sisters, which were black, and wild as a half-tamed "brumby." ' Polly had a bad temper, but she did not often " let out," while her sisters were uncontrollable. Such were these three Australian girls ; women, with the instincts of animals and the hearts of savages. Men came to see the old man Hart occasionally, and these girls, unsexed as they were, saw nothing out of the way ' in their cursing. If the old man got drunk and chased them out into the bush, they waited patiently for the visitors , to go ; the old man would sleep then. Sal and Jenny joked with the men, but Polly stood aloof, defiant, and one time, when Black Sam, her father's special crony, tried to kiss her, she laid his face open jryjth ft bransling-iron, One evening Tom Rook, frcîl1* the main track, came over to see w? old man,: presumably, but it was evident Tom had an eye to Miss Folly. He rode up at sunset. The three girls lay under a big wattle, and the old man sat in the doorway. Tom hitched up his horse and came to them. The girls nodded at him lazily, and he sat down beside them. "Wal, wat's the news?"- asked Jenny. " I've got a bloke stayin' at my plaice," said Rook. Polly turned over on her elbows. " You don't say so ! Wots 'e like ? " ,rOh, 'e's a 'big bug;' wears wide ridin' pants and clean shaves 'is face." ..-" ' "Wots 'e come for ?" asked old man Hart. "Holidy, I makes out. 'E calls 'iraself a journalist." " Umph I Is 'e p'ayin' for 'is board ?" asked Hart. " You bet ! answered Rook. He went on, speaking. " An' he ain't no new 'and among 'orsos. 'E's got a filly over my plaice very close on thoroughbred, an' à grand set o' legs on 'ér." m . "Kin-'e ride?" asked the old man.. "Yes, 'o's a fair rider wot I seen of 'im. 'E pops over them dogleg fences o' mine, an', my oath ! that filly's a a good.'un over sticks." ¡ " Any brand on "er ? " Young Tom Rook leered at the old man,, and dropped one eyelid at Polly. ¡. "You kin stake yer, boots<¿hero, ole man. She's branded in two plaices." " Bring 'im over," said Polly. "Oh, you'll see 'im fast enough, Polly. 'E's always mouchin' round with a gun an' a ugly spotted dorg 'ound." That evening, contrary to her usual habit, Polly wandered away with Tom Rook, and under the influence of her sudden softness of mood Tom told her much of the ways and whims of his boarder. At dawn next morning old man Hart went away towards the moun- tains, taking with him some flour and salt meat. Polly and her two sisters put in the morning killing a beast. There they worked in the yard with bare arms, the warm blood clotting to their naked feet. After dinner Polly rode away through the twisted eucalyptus trees on the trail pf her father, out away from the old bush fence into the dry silent north-east. She had been riding for perhaps half-an-hour listlessly apparently, but the eyes of this bush-bred girl were quick and sharp over every inch of the ground. The dead leaves muffled the tread of her big bay horse, and he loped along like a camel. She pulled up suddenly, and drew into some water oaks, and watched some- thing ahead of her silently. A big black and white pointer it was. He was working in a small circle, his j big tail lashing his ribs, and his heavy black jaws were low on the ground. A moment afterwards a tall young man came through the trees, his gun at half rest. The fresh blood flooded Polly's neck and face, she drew in her breath quickly, almost afraid to breathe. This tall, good - looking young man was, strange and good to look upon. Then her bay horse, "Bounder," neighed, and brought the man down upon her. " Hallo," he said softly, " what are you in hiding for, my dear?" She looked back at him defiantly. ' "T'aint none of your business" she said, " No ! ; Of course not. I apologise," and he smiled at her. Then she gathered a little pluck; " Are you Tom Rook's boarder ?" she asked. "Yes," he said; "and who are you ? " ? '. ; " I'm Polly Hart." "OH ! Well, Polly, I am out shoot- ing. Am I trespassing ? " She laughed nervously. " It's all right, 1 guess. You can't do no harm," she answered. He drew near and patted "Bound- er's " neck. " I may come again, then?" he asked. " Yes ! If yer likes to," she said. "I must be coin'now." She looked over his head suddenly, and her face grew scared. He turned also. "Hallo ! whose is the bauly faced steer?" " Father's ! " she answered quickly. "Look outl I must hunt'm away. |E oughtn't to be hereabouts." She jumped her horse past him and started the bullock going. She turned as she coiled lier whip. " Good-bye. You can come again if yer likes to." « Guy Flinders waited till she was out of sight. Thon ho went in a big circle and flanked that . steer. He got within a few yards and the brand lay plain to him on the shoulder, a hig double O. ' " Well, I'm blowed 1 " he said. "Yes," he muttered. "Yes! Miss Polly, I think I will ' come again if I likes to.'" Ho did come again next day. He rode up to the house, and his filly was a " good 'un." The two elder girls snorted at him. He was. too altogether neat and tidy to their notion. So they took him out riding just to try his paces, and he surprised even these hard-faced hard-riding girls. They tried to shake him off over the dogleg fences, but iib was child play to the filly; and he enjoyed it and grinned to himself. Then they thought to " lose him" in the scrub, but> he was "on their tail" always, and very nearly lost' them. After a-while ne drew away with the red I haired Polly, and the other two got I the sulks and went home. Near the place where she had first 1 met Flinders Polly pulled up. " You must go 'ome now. I'm goin' on," she said. . " Can't I come too ? " he asked. "No ! Yer can;t.'* , Their horses stood close together; and the man's eyes were very soft. ''Polly! don't you like me?" he asked. ? . She pulled at her horse's mane. "I like yer alright; but yer musn't come. : There'd. be a devil's own row." The next moment she was away. « " Whew ! " he; muttered. He rode carefully af ter her. He tracked her cleverly, but she knew too much, and ten minutes later she " lost him " between two long spurs. So he rode home whistling. Polly was very absentminded for days after. For nearly a week she saw nothing of this "new sensation" in her quiet life. She still went backwards and forwards to the old man - the hush of the dry bush about her. At length one Sunday morning he met her, and ho was riding the bay filly. They walked their horses side by side, and, natur- ally, the" acquaintance improved. Another time, they met, but she never would let him ride home with her. At a certain point she always pulled up her horse. "Yer must go now-No 1 Ga'rn ! " I " Let me come, a little further, Polly." . "No ! Yer musn't." '.'There naow ! Goo'-bye." He tracked her again, but presently, he lost sight of her. He rode qn indiscreetly. In a clump of golden wattle she rode on to him' suddenly, her face flaming with anger. : " Wot d'yer mean, yer sneak ! Yer follerin* me." .,: She surprised him immensely. He blurted out. wj ^ui;Jt? " I'm so sorry, Polly." "Seo 'ere, don't you foller me agin, or it'll be worse for yer," she cried. " All right, Polly !" he said. " Well I are yer goin' ? " He turned back laughing. "Yes; good-bye ! " Polly rode on for another hour, gradually working to the base of the mountain. She followed no defined track; the lay of the country was enough for her. At length the bush thinned out, and through the gaps a rough "humpy" lay under some heavy blood-woods. The old man Hart came out as she rode up. "Mornin", dad 1 " " Yer late," he said. She got off her horse and hitched him up. " See here, dad ! " she said ; the new bloke waa foxin' me." The old man swore. "Ain't you good enough to lose'im?" he said. " 'E'll find them yards, dad." "Not 'im." She turned to him earnestly, throwing back her heavy red hair : " I tells yer, dad, 'e's a bushman. 'El track me." " Polly I " said the old man ; " we'll 'ave to do the ' telegraph.' It's get- ting close on oar job now; we can't run no risks." Polly left for home late in the afternoon, and half-a-mile from her house Guy Flinders caught up toi her. She was soft with him again now. They tied up their horses, and sat in the dead leaves. j Guy Flinders was as usual riding about the bush. The afternoon was drawing in, and Polly had not come. He lay beside his horse in a clump of wattle waiting. He looked idly up through the tall straight trunks, but the listlessness left him suddenly. A man was riding down through the twisted ironbarks, an old man, and he was - astride a three- cornered looking nag; as hard a looking case as himself. . Flinders dropped down. Old mau Hart stopped almost oppo- site him. He got off his horse and buried a paper, scattering loose leaves over the place ; then care- lessly he broke a small branch and lay it near tho track. Flinders laughed to himself, thumping his feet softly on the ground. " At last ! -Poor Polly !-It is a great pity." , He waited till the old man had gone; then he went quietly over and unearthed the paper. What he read surprised him, although he had expected something of the kind. " Meet me at ther yards, Sal an' I Jinny. Polly, you stay to 'ome an' keep a good look-out. Gals be at them yards at eight o'clock to-nite, an' don' bring no dogs, the mob will be up ther ter-nite.' That was all. He buried the paper again and went after the old man, and as the sun dipped behind the mountain Flinders tracked old man Hart to the duning yards, and as he afterwards said: "It was as neat a ' turn out ' as ever I saw in my life." At dawn next morning Guy Flind- ers and three mounted policemen rode silently towards the home of the three girls. They skirted the bush getting thereby within two chains of the hut. But under a tree Polly stood watching, her horse hitched up beside her. " That's her ! " said Flinders to the sergeant. "Don't give her a show, she rides like the devil." The three policemen ran quickly across the dead leaves, and they were within five yards before she turned and saw them. ? She cried out shrilly and jumped for her horse, but the big sergeant grabbed her. "Xe* me go," she screamed. " Wot 'arm am I doin' ?" She struggled, cursing them, and they had to throw her down. Then they carried her, kicking and blas- pheming, into the hut. The sergeant left a policeman to guard her, and joining Flinders, they galloped away towards the duffing yards. At the edge of the clearing they stopped a moment, and the bellowing of steers came to them, and now and : again the hoarse crying of the two bush girls. "Now,".said the sergeant. They broke cover, galloping hard for the yards; and as they came on the old man jumped across the yards, scat- tering the cattle. He got the top rail down and the next one jambed. The sergeant rode straight on to him. "Drop that rail, you are my prisoner!"and old man Hart, looking up the snout of that revolver, drew back cursing. Flinders climbed on to the rail and looked at the steers. " It's all right, sergeant, they are my cattle,: ancf see that lot there have been faked." The sergeant slipped the handcuffs on the old man. "Bin5 the pleeceman, dad," yelled Jenny, the eldest girl. She turned on Flinders-"Yer sneak, I always thought yer was a pleeceman." "Say, Flinders, nere comes the other girl." He turned quickly. Polly galloped madly up . to him, riding bareback. She jumped off. " Oh, yer coward ! yer cur ! yer pleeceman. Yer says yer loved me. Oh, my God!" She stood under a wattle, grasping ; a bough above her. / i Flinders turned away, his face j very white. Truly he felt worse than a pleeceman in her eyes. " Bring him along, sergeant," lie said hastily. They left two policemen to mind the cattle and turned away. Then Polly in her anger and grief shook the bough above her, and the golden blossom fell in a shower about her. " Yer cur ! yor pleeceman ! " Then he turned to her-" I ani no police- man," : he cried out j "I am Guy Flinders, owner of B- station, Queensland, and these are my cattle your father has stolon." She looked back at him a moment., " Yor takin'dad ?" she said; / "Naturally," he answered. . ' . ' . " An" yer ain't sorry ?" She waited an answer, her eyes alight, her hair, lay in a heavy wave about her. ' "You are mistaken,'.' he said softly; ."IamtralyBorry.',' " . [,,'[... .' Then yer loves me, and says that yer do ?" she cried. " 'Old yer row, Polly !" said the old man ; "it's too late now." "Dyer 'ear me ! Dyer 'ear me !" she cried ; and so she called after him, this man who bad made her love him, until they disappeared in the bush. 