Short Story. assoing a Lover. 1 By Mrs. M. L..Rayne. na very short space of time-so at few have noticed its disap a-there stood a brick building in urbs of the city of Alameda, b as a waggon shop and a smithy lia d. The place had more than a putation, on account of the ex aI of its work, the smith being ly proficient in his department, ag the art of a veterinary sur it a rude but successful way. Nor his equal in the country for a shoe on a horse, the most frac nitual submitting itself to his P hand without demonstration. eg his sibilant " P-s-t !" whistled his teeth in an indescribable acted like a charm on the most qulne spirit. eve Damer's forge was glowing thers were dark and silent, and ed Is expressed their dislike for him successes in many .ways. They at him for a half-breed and ed his luck to the arts of y. The smith did not care. B vas only one thing on earth for e did care-that was his beauti ghter Pauline, the stately girl ald have graced the most refined a the State, but who had returned chool with no higher ambition serve in her father's kitchen. as little else to the whole abode, t above, but it was as neat and as loving hands could make It. tfthe neighbouring houses had aint decorations. The wings of a lumaged birds crossed on the r ow and arrows tied with strings he pum. Moccasins of soft skins, ered in rare patterns with many beads, unlike any work done by American hands. For why ? Darner was the daughter of an princess, and inherited her right ich work, for her instincts were t her mother's picturesque people, ?lcas, whose name means " art" o are neither nomads nor idola St a people who are pastmnasters le arts and industries. the dark-skinned young wife of Darner 'died,. lhewent back to tion to find himself an alien and rlght-eyed baby squaw, his little * an object of impertinent curl arriage with a squaw is no mar t all In the eyes of white law," Se good people who sustain mis r Christianising the Indians, and I en signified their willingness to a the child-barbarian as a ward of lon. teve Darner was loyal to the of his dead wife and her people, used to part -with his Pauline, or r over even temporarily to the rs of her mother's race. He did, r, send her to school, where she ated well, even to the extent of dmired and petted, for two reas ne was that she was considered of nobility, however rough and e branch from which she came ; her because phenomenal sums aid for her expenses, and her kept himself out of sight. The was her mother's, a heritage her seel to make her a scholar and a hich last she was by birthright. r was busy in his shop, for it was ek, and the horses needed care aration for the event on which so housands of dollars were staked. neer had been brought over from ancisco to have his shoes refitted, nkipoo was being shod anew on r. while Sun-of-a-Gun waited his Jockeys and hostlers and a few accompanied the horses. All the sas on hand and there was the crobatic betting, the stakes being sal Importance. Little Tough had ive-furlong race in 1.01, the time made by a two-year-old, and had been fouled at the head of etch. So the talk went on until taken their turn and gone, with eption of one man, an owner who s jockey away and lingered to confidential talk with the smith. P doesn't Harlow Lincoln bring stnut here to be shod ?" was the castion w'hen they were alone. him," answered the smith ihe knew his man and did not feel necessary to be civil. -e a swallow," said the other with reeable smile, extending a hand lIver-mounted flask toward the do I know it ain't fixed 7" asked suspiciously. at Caesar'e .ghost, man, have you inon sense ? I want you to have r wits about you If-if Lincoln's is to lose the race to-morrow. I hilnk you would want to be even t for all his snubs and slights." r took a long drauglht from the fore answering. Tie subtlety of lar entered into hils heart andl As long as he left liquor alone- ]kl~ow It for a fact-lhe wva :a lIae. When he drank hle beerllme d emorose, and easily offenled. long since hils last spree. He had cd Pauline- hal! Pauline, the Of lier accelerated tih work of HTarlow Lincoln had slighted in some way. Darner did not OW, hbut on her coming there the ranchman had shown her much n. and she almost admitted to her that she looked upon him as a long men, and then he had stayed and ever since Pauline had lost t-heartedness. r heard too often the taunting of his own people : loods may poour from morn till it,. sh the pretty Indian white." tod Lincoln for not returning his Cr's love, and this scheme to get 11)aled to hlis worst nature. Put 0teeh, it meant that the smith set access to Delight, the famous • chestnut booked for the mor ace, and cripple the animal so as ent him from going on the track. little honour he had left, lie re mloney for the crime. He was . In his cups, to do the dastardly lely for revenge. er of the conspirators saw :l cross the door-sill and speed nto the gathering night. It was e. Who had gone to the smithy to o0ie with her father. as she often Iting the supper ready to eat on le. she did not go home, but straight rrow flies, she sought the home of Lincoln. No blush of maiden Y stained her olive cheek. She t not of herself, but of the two men she loved, her father and HaTrlow Lincoln, who had stolen thie sweet possession of her young heart from her. She knew how much lie cherished tile chestnut Delight, and that a fortune awaited him should he win-and-she would save her father from being a criminal. But Lincoln was away from home. The bachelor menage was closed and no one about but the man who took care of Delight, and the small jockey who on the morrow was to ride him as he confl dently believed to victory. The little jockey had heard of the In dian princess, but had never seen her, and he was so pleased with her beauty that he at once took her for his mascot, and begged a bit of ribb'on to wear as his colours. Together they visited the stable and Pauline took a look around. " Does some one watch here all night ?" she asked. "I do," said the jockey proudly ; "I has my bed 'longside o' Delight, and locks up, and I has pistols, and know how to shoot." The girl stood by the favourite who had been watched and admired every hour of the day, and was as nervous as a woman. Pauline touched the silky skin that shone in a hundred golden lights in the glare of the lantern which the jockey lighted. It was beautiful, but she belonged to a people that do not love the horse, except as an article of diet. But she loved the horse's master. Not that she admitted it to herself. 1, as a relater of facts, may state what 1 know. The native delicacy of her In dian nature was tempered by the re serve of her white blood. Not for worlds would she have given Harlow Lincoln a foretaste of that love which could have made his heaven. She went, leaving no message, and much troubled about the course she should pursue. Her father was not at the house, nor did he come later, and at last she could stand the suspense no longer. She determined to go back to the stable and warn the young man if he had returned, and if he were still absent, to caution the little jockey. She waited long after coming to this decision, then taking down from the wall the coil of rawhide that hung there, she hid it under the serape she wore, and sped away, light of foot but heavy of heart, to the rescue of Delight and her father. There all was dPtrk and still, except an occasional stamp bof the impatient ani mal, or a low whinney, and Pauline called in vain for the boy or any atten dant, and at last finding a window high up in the stable open, she scaled the wall, and groped 11er1' way through the .gloom, to a place where she could see the floor below and Delight in his stall, with the jockey sleeping heavily beside him. The little fellow had been drugged, and would not awaken for some hours. Pauline was stricken with a horrible fear of tile consequences to her father. She was afraid of him, too, when he had been drinking, and knew lihe would not listen to reason. What should she do ? Seating her self on a bale of alfalfa she tried to think, when she heard a noise at a side entrance to the building. All the possibilities of the occasion rushed into her mind like a torrent. What if her father did not come, and Htarlow Lin coln did ? It might not be necessary for her to incriminate her father, but how then could she account for her own presence there ? And the condition of the boy ? And then the door opened and the outline of a man appeared. It was her father ! He crept In stealthily-so unlike his usual free step-and quieted the excited horse with the familiar "p-s-t !" Then he dropped on one knee and took up the left hind foot. But lie had no time to wreak his will on the poor brute. Some thing whizzed through the air in a black, snaky circle, and descending with unerring certainty drew taut around the neck of Steve Darnmer, stretching him out on the floor ,where he writhed black In the face. At the same moment the frightened horse plunged and snorted, and, screaming with fear, tried to break his halter. There was a moment's com motion at the door in the front of the stable, which was broken from Its hinges, and Harlow Lincoln, followed by several excited men, burst into the place. It took but a moment to realise the true meaning of the scene, and then eachi man caught hold of the lasso, and gave it a twirl. But like a spirit, a form glided between them and cut the noose at the neck of the prostrate and unconscious man. "I save your horse-give me my father's life," said the girl, confronting the angry owner of Delight. "You-saved-my-horse ?" he asked in scornful incredulity. "Yes. You do not know how to care for precious things. The boy has been drulgged, and your enemy-not my father-is at your door. My father was the tool of another man. Give me his life for your Delight, and win the race to-morrow. We will go where you can never hear of us again." Damer Ilnd recovered his consciobs ness and was on his feet, but being so Irred could not recall his part in the affair. "T'ake him," said Lincoln, not un kindly, "and if you saved my horse I thn1nk you, Pauline." Shlc looked like a young queen as she led the bewildered man away, and one of thle men made a slighlting remark albout her " Injuln blood" giving her a good gait, anld measured his length on the floor before thle spech was well out of his mouth. " You will please speaks respectfully of Delight's friends--nd mine," said TLncoln, with a fierce glenm in his eye. The next dany tile little Jockey was all right and figured to win. He wore the ribbon of tile Tndian princess, and De light ran from start to wire in the good time of 1.13, distancing all competitors. When the owner of the winning horse counted up his pains he was satisfied to keep that which he had won and retire to his ranch a rich man. He thought much of Pauline in those days. as he had at another and earlier phase of their :c quaintnnce. Her beauty, her maidenly modesty.-her many graces of mind and character, had made an Impression upan him, and he believed those very graces were derived from her heroic lineage. He felt it to be an imperative duty to call on her and thank her again for the good luck she had brought him. Per haps she would be his mascot for life. He rode Delight. who was proudly con scions of a new outfit, and pranced ac cordlngly, setting off the figure of his young master to its best advantage. There was no sign of life about the eablIn, the snlithy was closed, but the owner of the waggon-nnaking portion of the building said that the smith had taken his daulght er and gone back to her mother's peoplel on the Big River. 1 To be foiled in his desire Is the strong- 1 est incentive to a man to gain the object of his hope. Delight felt his master's splurs that day as never before. Harlow Lincoln could hear that soft, low voice saying, " You do not know how to care for precious thinga," and he real ised as most of us do at some period of our lives that blessings brighten as they take their flight. But he is a young man of enterprise, and the tightening of the lasso of love around his affections may yet lead him to the rancherio on Big River, which is not quite at the end of the world.-Mrs. AM. L. Rayne, in the Detroit Free Press." 