THE NEW PREMIER OF QUEENSLAND. ADDRESS TO HIS CONSTITUENTS. GOVERNMENT POLICY OUTLINED. BRISBANE, Thursday. The Premier, Air. T. J. Byrnes, addressed his constituents at Warwick to- night, and gave an outline of the Government. policy.. He claimed that the colony had been well governed in the past, as shown by the pro gress in population, wealth and, industries. lite,. Government would deal with the Queensland National Bank in a spirit of tandor, fearlessness and justice. At the .same lime, they would afford the bunk, as now constituted, all legitimate aid possible. Although they were all alive to the impor tance' of a progressive policy of public works, they could not, in this stage of the life of tlie present Parliament, he fairly 'asked to commit themselves to any extensive scheme. At the same time, when the right time arrived, no one would be more willing than lie to give his voice and vote in fayor of a steady, definite policy of expansion. The finances of the colony would be administered with caution, prudence and economy, but without unnecessary parsi mony. Regarding federation, he said no doiiht the movement in favor of Australian political unity had considerably in creased in volume and importance «uj:ln.B 'he past few years, and a : definite issue on the subject would- shortly be submitted to the electors of dive : other: colonies; but "the attitude of Queens- ; land must largely d',--."1'1- uurm resilt \- ;£, foHheoniit'js Cattermolo in Nfar. .... .Private Secretary, and the Jew in'"Vdc- Fiying Scud. H e rendered useful serv. .it to G. V. Brooke in the days of long ago'. Hconato in Alucb Ado About Nothing, ni,cj as Ancient Pistol in The Merry Wives,vor Windsor. Tlic Ghost in Hamlet he aliuera- .ning I one in the colony. And if tlie other colo- I nies decided to'unite upon the lines of the i Commonwealth Bill, the. Parliament and people of Queensland: must he asked, wiJun a reasonable lime thereafter, to express their views on the measure.. Referring to the contemplated, chiuiges in the constitu tion, if federation were agreed on, it would be necessary to alter the present electoral system; but until the federation question was settled tiny proposal to alter tlie consti tution would be premature. On the sepa ration question the Government woitld not in any way depart, from the policy oi .its predecessors in regard to the partition of the colony. Still, they would view favor ably any feasible scheme whereby . there might be somo; further decentralisation of administration introduced into the public departments. Queensland was to som.e extent committed to the system of; contri buting to the Austral inn . Auxiliary Squad ron ; but he did not believe in its under lying principle, as .at the end of tlie period the colonies were left without cither ships or trained men in return for the money expended. The Government would aid in placing Queensland meat , on the home, foreign and southern markets. 