CYCLING. BY “TANGENT.” A fair attendance visited Golden Square to witness the start and finish of the first road race promoted by the Golden, Square Bicycle Club. A gold medal (the gift of Mr. W, Webster) was the first prize, and var ious accessories were given to second and •third men home ? The officials, notably Messrs. W, Barbie’ (starter and timekeeper), and W. Mentiplay (judge) left little undone. r Tbb winner turned up in A, Coghlnn, with 2min 55sec. start, his riding time being Ihr Omin 45scc. P, Davidson was next from '2min 45eec, his time being Ihr 3min 53sec, W. White was third in Ihr 3min 55sec, with a handicap of 2min 45sec. The fourth mian was T. Eadio from 45sec, and the jour ■pey was done in -Ihr 4min 30sec, The fastest unplaced rider was A. -Davidson from ■scratch. From Golden Square to ■Ewjt Shel bournc State school was the route. ' ' It has been decided to'hold a sports meet-' ing at Cherry Tree in aid of tho Watson Sua tontation- Fund bn November 24* Details have been fixed, and with Messrs. 0. E* Ward and It, W. Webster as boil- secro wrics, and Mr. 0. K White as treasurer, the final arrangements will bo well carried out. It is Mr. White’s idea, and nis ho it desirous of assisting the Watson Fund whilst' ho is pro.sidorit of the Minors’ dissociation* ho has sought and obtained the 00-operation of local clubs. The programme, which is a good one, will be advertised in duo course. K-.'li year as the day comes round on which tho Austral handicaps arc to bo de clared it is hailed with much anxiety, and each.entrant wonders what mark will bo al lotted him. For "woidd not any - nemg man sootier win an Austral tluin rfriy tiring 1 All doubts have boon set at rest tins week 1 as they have been declared. F. J, Fischer (Germany) and K.. 11. Walne and 0, Ji. Follow arc on the mark of honor, and their nearest attendants are J. Mogson and L. Barker (20yds) and J. W. Pardons, E, Payne and A. 0. Forbes (30yds), a and the limit is fixed at 350 yds. Last year A. 0. Pardon was alone on scratch end A; Green ?nd R. H. Walne received 20yd.su This gives H. Rolfe and 11. W. Webster ; practi cally their stereotyped 120 yds and leads cue to wonder will they over bo j/iven a reasonable chance to win. G. R. Morgan has tho honor of being Bendigo’s scratch man, and considering that 12 months ago ho was not considered "Austral class” his improvement can bo imagined.- A tompari «on between tho marks of 12 months ago and the marks of to-day will bo ■ f inter est;— ' *■ 1808\. ; [ ,18^7“ yds. I yds. ff.~W “Wjbster'...... 130 T~l2O G. R. Morgan .. 120 I 11\. Rolfe 130 j J2O t H. Murray 130 I 120 J. A. .1 ohm-tone ~ ~ ~ 130 1 340 W. IT. Stephens 100 I O. E. Trcwern 120 [ 2.?0 F. MorS 220 i -• O. W, Davi> 220 j 180 I. Herman . ■ •. , .. -230 | 100 A screw is evidently loose in tho word ings over i-lic application for patronage by Hie Athletic Ohib for Boxing and Few Years Days. A metropolitan cycling journal re ports tlius “A telegram was received from the Bendigo Atldelic Club asking that patron age be granted to them for Boxing and Few Year s Days, (he improvements ask ed for the L.Y.W. having been complied with.” Fow as the hjeal council have taken no action and no im provements have boon made it seems pecu liar that such a wire lias been sent. Even tually it. was decided that unless applica tion, accompanied by cheque, as a guarantee that Mr. Broadbenfs suggestions would be carried out was not received by Thursday, tho granting of Boxing Day to Eagluhawk would be considered. It is almost safe to opine that Eaglehuwk will have, no difficulty in getting Boxing Day. Miss M. Foster, of London, has ridden 50 miles in 2hrs 53min, which is the best Indy’s ride to date. The prize money at the coming A.F.A. earnivo hr wheel events will almost reach COOO Tho AY heel Race is worth £250 to lhe winner. Tho finest fond for cycling in the world is between Lahore and Calcutta, and is 1200 miles without a hill or cvcm a rut. So says a writer in Chambers’ Journal. , Michael is now said to- have written a novel! What he will do next is a matter of conjecture. And it is the "best and most thrilling bicycle story ever written.” Tho Few York World says so, and as all the pigs killed in America are not choked with bilttcr, perhaps Michael signs Ids name to the story and a journalist does the rest in true American style. The midget has, how ever, beaten Linton in an hour race. Martin, has been beaten by Gibson, "the hoy wonder,” in a ten miles paced match, and hals accused his |x>ccrs of selling the race. Some developments are awaited. Edwards, the 100 miles a day rider, was "called off” by typhoid at the 250 th century, and is now seriously ilk Twenty five thou sand miles in all sorts of weather is not a bad performance. Constant Hurct (France), one of the best long distance riders in the world, is reported to bo dead. Over-strain in tho recent 24 hours’ race in Germany is said to have been the cause. "Major” Taylor, the darkey who recently defeated Michael in America, has lost a 20 miles race to the Welshman. Those riders who are in the habit of carrying valuable and delicately adjusted watches whilst riding should take warning, as a London expert has recently discovered that the vibration is very apt to set the costly timepiece in motion or out of motion r-nd make it a rival of Ananias. In these days of handle bar watches, retailed from 10s 6d, it would be folly to spoil a good watch. A sensational attack was made recently in London by a butcher’s carman. In Oanou street a cyclist newsboy was riding, and tho butcher endeavored to force him into the kerb. Fading this, he. struck him witli his whip, and when the lad broke the whip, n butcher’s “gamble” was hurled a( him. Alderman Sir Henry Knight, was very trenchant in his remarks, and said "the ] risoncr appeared to be one of those vaga bonds whom he had often met whilst cycling himself, who look a delight in pressing cyclists on to the kerb, with the object of compelling them to dismount.” After a few more remarks in a similar strain, he pronounced the sentence as 21 days hard labor. ... , , A noliceman was recently committed for trial for bicycle stealing. His excuse was lint whilst on his beat late one night the bicycle was given him to "mind.” In the interval, however, he had had new handles fitted and a few alterations made "so as to go and try to find tho owner. ’ Tho Central Fows correspondent, whilst • accompanying the Anglo- Egyptian army on i its march to Khartoum, used his cycle and . gloried in it, Tho sight was incongruous , as ho rode alongside as they marched over the hard pebbly sand. Recently a feminine cycle thief was badly ■ fooled by the force of habit. She had stolon , a cycle, and whilst masquerading in male attiro was seen to catch hold of one leg of : the pants whilst crossing a muddy road. : Then the fat was in the fire. ‘ A garden party in the north of England : recently - resulted in a rather curious mis ' take on tho part of a well meaning hoiisc ■ keeper. The cycling guests numbered close upon one hundred, so 0i prevni trouble cloakroom tickets and checks were provided. The machines were given over to her charge, with the order to attach the tickets “in a prominent place.” She used pins, and the scene of operation was the front tyro of each machine. The mansion a few • hours later resembled a large tyro factory. An American plrisician describes cycling as "a senseless method of exercise.’ He estimates that in London between 3,600,000 and 4,800,000 accidents happen annually.. Lord Bcaconsfiehl once said figures were, “the greatest liars in the world,” and in three kinds they were: —“First, lies: second, worse lies; third, statistics.” ' A cyclist, who is a student of "Shakes-; pearc, says that in the Inter’s time cycles must havo been dreamt .of, for “Alonza”.- iu “The Tempest,” says to the king— We too, my lord, Will guard your person while you take your TCSt, And watch your “safety.” ' j Not his “ordinary,” remember. Then again Hamlet’s father visited a learner’s cycle school, and Iris ghogb remarks— •• ■ ‘ “What a falling off was there.” : ! And after tho “ghost” remembered it, it is; not wondered that “Launco”in “Two -Gem. tloraen bf. Yerbna” / '.v>-*v 1 “Then may- j set;thc world on wheels. And triumphantly «cplains:ihe student "the prophecy lias suroly^bcon- fulfilled,” A- In the Town Traveller tho writer is uni formly cheerful. Ho is not a philosopher wondering what such crcatarcs do between earth and heaven, but;he Re gard for, his puppc3ts. ; :. iio .seems to say, "Though X should not be happy living like these people, I xocognise that . thoy ; are happy. ■ Ho there ••ik- nv.vhst amount of comfort, yjnjiiiMiJwe ment got by ordinaryJpoo^ltofrput' ordinary experiences. Tlus bhpeHulimbtoL after the power displayetUih thp:-^hii|^jpl, l will make his widening admirers look eagerly for Mr. Gissing’s > Sir ’ Wemyssy Speaker, is the hew.-president tuto of Journalists., For many .yeara -heTwas the editor of the Leeds. Mercury, a.position; which ho left jri order to, become tho oger pi Cassell and Cos. He is the author of the novels, “Gladys Fane” and “Maule-' vereria Millions,” and among other works' ho has, written a monograph} of Charlotte Bronte,/, apd biographies bf Forster and /the- fifsfc Lord Houghton. 