' A HAPPY EASTER. ' ? ♦ ? Easter is now upon us, and eveiy toil-worn man and woman hails it with j oy, for though it is essentially a reli gious feast, our ancestors have associ ated with it the pleasures of recreation and holiday-making. The good, old custom will not easily fall into desue tude in Australia. The Feast is primarily a religious Feast, instituted for the holiest of purposes. It com memorates the Resurrection of our Lord, the mystery which is the very touchstone of Christianity. It was owing to the mystery of the Resurrection that Sunday was held sacred by the apostles, and that in the development of the Church it finally took the place of Saturday as the Lord's Day., It was on Sunday, the first day of the week, that the apostles were assemblsd in prayer when Christ appeared in their midst, and again when the Holy Ghost descended upon them. The Church, however, wished to have an annual as well as a weekly commemoration of the Resurrection, and hence instituted the Feast of Easter. Sunday became a day of joy, not of gloom, and the celebration of Easter is attended with all the joy and cheerfulness that are available in each Church. A poet addresses Easter Day as the ' day of days,' and says — Enthroned in the sovereign sphere Thou shedd'st thy light on all the year ; Sundays by thoe more glorious break An Easter Day in every week. That it is the Feast of Feasts is evident from the proof of His Divinity which Christ gave by rising from the dead. His references to it as a future event was not unknown to the Jewish dignitaries, who after the Resurrection endeavoured to persuade the people that the Body had been stolen away while the guards were asleep. This doctrine, which is the very pivot on which Christianity turns, is jDrovi dentially the very easiest to prove. The impossibility of deception on the part of the Numerous witnesses, not to say the persistent incredulity of Thomas, establishes for everybody who, hates cavilling an indisputable proof of the reality of the Resurrection. So important is this mystery that St. Paul says that if Christ be not risen, the Christian faith is in vain. Hence the Church has always , proved herself most deeply concerned for the due celebration of this Feast. The Paschal Controversy is a, famous chapter in ecclesiastical history. The discussion hinged on the time of holding Easter, and the length and intensity of the dispute abundantly prove the import ance of the Feast. Many innocent customs cluster around Easter time, the most familiar of which is the liberal application of eggs. The custom, however, in' Ire land has as dangerous an influence on' veracity as fishing has in Australia, the temptation to exaggerate the num ber' of Easter eggs one eats being as violent as the amateur fisherman's to enlarge unduly on his marvellous luck. This custom has, howeverj a religious meaning. Eggs are symbol ical of creation, and also of the Res urrection of Our Saviour. The salu tation 'A Happy -Easter to You ' seems, like many other civilities, to be disappearing, and it is to be feared that when the outward forms and ceremonies of civility go, civility itself goes with them. In the churches, Easter is a joyous time. The dark colours are removed from the sanctuary, and white is re stored to its place, the organ is no longer silent at Mass, and the ' Alle luias ' resound throughout the ohuroh. Thus Father .TTaber speaks of ' Easter ?Communion :' — The mystery of mysteries ! Now let the pure in heart draw nigh? While every pulse is beating'high With love and holy fear ; For Christ has risen at break of day, And bids us from the world away And haste to meet him here. 