TERRIBLE BURNING ACCI DENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT ITEAM-PIPE IN A BATII. IllS FLESH ADIIFItED TO TILE PIPR LIKE A STEAK TO A FItYINOPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt~sreet, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to sill, and fall on the hot water pipes, and hefore he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shook of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of years after he was a con firlmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few montlhs ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney W|orker was despatched to get all in. formation regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thos. Jarvia was discovered nursing a two. year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest meon in Sydney. RIo was up and about, and able to aiiswor the knock at the door. Al though pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of .pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary ques tions lie sid :-"'You want to kinow all about my case ; Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts omay be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering 1" " Well, twelve months ago Igot so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with ane accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a hath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up imy billet at the Globe Island." " What wer tile t symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were cometlhing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a nsew were cutting uy bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, lhe gave me an older to the Director of lCharitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order 1" " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever ilnce. Five weeks ago I could not walk across tile floor; in fact, I could not got out of lied. I felt then that it wae all over with me, and only a ques tion of days when I would give up the ghost. Mly doctor was attending mue, and did all lie could, by opium anil nmorphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for live or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering fronm locomotor ataxia, or progressive locimotor ataoy, a disease of the spinal cord, character. ized by peculiar disturbances of gait, ancd difficulty in co.ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Jcust then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show tlhat medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement descaibing the cure effecled in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Ivorklmnn, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I real inl the advertisemnont of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deter. mined to give the pills It trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I wie able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme. dinately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches thereo ? They are perfectly new, and I have lnever used them. They were nade for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." " IIle is 100 per cent. better," said lres. Jarvis, who haid come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life and made another man of Ilin." A friend who called in at this point sanid that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort alght previous. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " hlave a cold bath, cnd all the feeling ihas come back inlto my legs. I anscribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I lm in no pain now, what ever, astd feel likoa now man. On the niantelpieco there is a box of opium and mnorphia pills which tlhe doctor gave mo to deaden the excrucianting pain. But they can slay where they are, for I nto longer need them. Every body who knows m he lnbeen amuzsedl at thle ehaitge ill me. They cain lsnlly believe their eyes, MIy being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is thin rmuarkhtle history, anil it confilrms what is seitd in all thie chlof nwsplnpltrs of this country of tihe astonisuicng oures wrought by Dr. Williimis' Pink Pills for Palo People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many dinorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaumi,, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, eta. Mr. J. S. T. M'Onwen, lender of the Lnbor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Oowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he lhad to give up his work at Glebo Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he devoloped. Ho afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his re covery. He undarstood Jnrvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had beet pronounced in curable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainnble from leading ohemists, or from the Dr. Willilms' Medicine Co., Flinders. street, Melbourne, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half a dozen for 15s 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 