My Experiences as a Collaborator. I nAD written three comedies, and spent a small fortune getting them typewritten (for managers are remark able for two things, an anxiety to get plays and a capacity for losing them), before any oue in authority had given me the slightest encouragement. It was, therefore, with delight that I read and re-read the following letter: ' Dear Sir, -I have read your comedy with much interest, and shall be glad to see you at the Theatre at twelve o'clock next Wednesday.' The signature whioh followed was that of a well-known London manager. I need hardly say I was there at the appointed time; indeed I was in the Strand a good hour before it, wondering if the passers-by took me for a celebrity. What dreAtns I indulged in during that hour's perambulation I What ploasant, idiotic dreams 1 They were dispelled quickly in the actor-manager's dressing room. The play wab hopelessly unact- j able, he said; and he rattled off its faults of construction with such amazing rapidity that I felt ready to sink through the floor. ' Then you don't want it,' I gasped finally. 1 Certainly not,' he replied; ' but I have a proposal to make. Your dialogue is exoellent; and as I have a good plot, and know all about stage requirements, I think we might write a play together.' Then he produced several pages of foolscap and read to me for twenty minutes. Not a ghost of a plot could I see ; only a bewildering sot of old stage incidents and situations having little or no connection with each other. 'Don't you think there's too much material here,' I protested mildly, ' for one play V ' Certainly not, my dear fellow,' he answered. ' What the publio wnnt is fat and plenty of it; it will be your business, of oourso, to weld the material into a homogeneous wholo.' I thought of my own play lovingly, with its scenes fresh from life, and i<s characters drawn from my best friends -or enemies, as the case might lie and sighed. However, I told him I would think it over, and left, fueling years older, a hack, a mere machine. My friends oonfound them !-said I was very lucky, and snid I should accept the great man's offer forthwith ; and when i aBked them hopelessly what could be done in this present ypRr of grnoe with a repnntant convict and a oomio mon who saves the heroine from the villain of the piece, they said grimly that that was my business, I made it my business, and a dreary, wretched business it was. When the scenario was completed I took it with me to the manager's house, with little hope that he would be satisfied. But he was delighted. Per haps he saw in it some faint resemblance to the child he bad entrusted to me, and had parental feelings with regard to it. He spent a whole evening, anyway, making marginal corrections in pencil. I speut another proving to him the corrections were wrong. Then came the dialogue, at which he coufessed, modestly, he was no hand, so that [ completed aot by aot, and he passed it with approval. It wonld be altered and cut, he said, at rehearsal, but he wouldn't bother about it now. Then he made two stipulations: (1) that I should tell nobody what work in the play was mine and what hisj and (2) that I shouldn't attend rehearsals till he asked me to. 'An author's only in the way, my boy,' he said; 'he gets nervous and puts all (he company out.' I agreed to both stipulations wearily. I was in two minds about the play : I wanted it to be a success and yet I didn't. I felt, if it succeeded, the puhlic wouldn't care for my own plajrs; for it was the embodiment of everything stagy, everything I detested in plot and treatment. Yes success would mean money, which I wanted badly, and managers would thereafter read my work at any rate. Rehearsals had been going on for a week when my presence was requested nt the theatre. I was shown into the stalls, which were very dark and draughty, and told to listen. [ had ray typewritten copy of the play, and tried to follow the acting in the dim light. It was a difficult matter, for even at this stage the dialogue had been altered a great deal. Unlooked-for retensions occurred, however, in the shape of a typewriter's blunders, which had not been corrected in the manager's copy, and which made absolute nonsense of many of the sentenoe*. I mentioned this to my collaborator, and he was quite annoyed ; not at the fuct, but with me. ' It's of no consequence,' he said; ' and it's too late to alter anything now.1 I wish it hnd been. After this rehearsal I folt certain that tin; play wus doomed. At times I tried to think differently, especially when it was praised, as it generally was, by tho actors mid actresses; and then I would remember the well-known adage, ' When actors praise a play during rehearsal, look out for a dead failure,' and would roturn to my original mind. It is in the nature of things that actors should he bad prophets. Their art is tho art of imitation, and they are, as n class, imitative in character. They like parts and situations wliicli haveBUOceeded before, and forget that what the publio want is life, not stage lifo. In spite of the manager's dictum, alterations went on apace, and everybody lent a hand. 'That'll fetch'em,' said the low-comedy man one day to me, as he reeled off some lines he had interpolated from an old play by Boucicault. 'I think I have improved my love scene, don't you ?' said the pretty lead ing lady, as she read me a passage from Swat lavender which she thought fitted it so nicely. ' It was so effective at Terry's, don't you know ?' 11 hope you won't mind,' exclaimed a modest young man, who acted in a small part as the mayor of a provincial town, ' but I've put in one or two wheezes from my old part in The Private Secretary. Will take 'em out if you object; but they got me a lot of hands in the provinces.' My friends congratulated me on all sides, and wondered why I looked so gloomy; and female relations went so far as to choose a future home for me in Eaton Square, and began to think of furniture. At last the fateful night arrived, and I found myself in the pit, after an alterca tion with the man at the door, who wouldn't admit me. The first two acts seemed to go well-fairly well, at any rate; and 1 went up to the stall bar, among the critics, in order to move about and be seen. Nobody knew me, however^ and perhaps it was just as well. The critics were hostile to a man. I slunk back into the pit and waited there during the final act. At the last rehearsal the actor-manager, in spite of my protests, had altered the original unhappy ending, 'They won't stand it, my boy. They must go away happy you know,' he had said, and the company echoed the senti ment. Consequently none of them knew their parts and stumbled through there anyhow. At first the audience was tolerant; but I didn't like when the next man to me began to eat an orange; then another followed suit; and there was some tittering, followed by a remark from the gallery which set it in a roar. It was all up, I could see; but I went behind, determined to face the music; and, after ' making up' in the orthodox manner, was discovered by a jeering crowd hand-in-hand with my collabora tor. He had insisted on taking my hand, with a view, I suppose to encourag ing me. _ We looked, said a lady after wards, like two linked cherubs about to be immolated. The next morning I had six papers brought to me by a considerate brother before I was out of bed, all containing long hostile criticisms; also, a letter from the mahager, begging me to come to the theatre at once. ' Further altera tions,' he wrote, 1 would have to be made, or the play was done tor.' Further alterations 1 I smiled grimly and went off without breakfasting. When I reached the theatre' all the principal actors were present, and all talking at once. A number of them had been up most of the night 1 writing up* each other's parts. Not their own parts now I They had done that before, and were quite satisfied with them, but each other's 1 For all thoiight the faults of the play liy outside their own sphere of influence. Asked casually for my views, I suggested harking back to tJie original manuscript; but as this proposition was hailed with derision, I washed my hands of the affair. In a week the run came to an end, and the theatre was closed. I still send out my three original comedies occasionally, and they some times come back to me after many days. But I have not yet written a fourth. Perhaps I shall some day. Who knows ? -Chambers's. IMPDBITIBS ik thb BLOOD. We have seen ifaots of letter* from people who have received great benefit frcm the me of Glaike'a Blood Mixture. It eannot be too highly estimated, for it oleanaea and oleara the blood frem all impurities." This ia a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on farther to ?ay: " It ia the 6neat Blood Purifier that soiorce andakill have brought to light, and we oan with the utmost confidence recommend it to our lubscribera and the tiublio generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Hoceraa, Bad Lege, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimplea and Sores of a]] kiiK?« ti effects are marrelloua. Thousands of won derful ©urea have been effected by it. Olarke'a. Blood Mixture ia aold everywhere, at 2a. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthleaa imitations and aabatitutea. 