T'he Adveer tis er. POuLIOUsD VEaRY TUESDAY, THUnSDAoy AND SATURDAY. IMORnING. Bairnodale, 2huroday, JuIoy 21, 18908. No apology is needed for returning to the subject of technical education. It ie important in a wide sense. And it is neglected. It might be thought that the need of technical instruction would be more directly felt in a com munity like helbourno than in the omaller towns. Yot it does not ap pear to be so. The extraordinary pro ceedings at the Trades Hall Council laot.riday, for example, have attracted hardly any attention. There is some thing like a taboo. Is it that on one side of the political rail there is.leos than a languid interest in the sunbject of Victorian manufaetures, and on the other an indisposition to tamper with a topic which MIr s'Cabe has shown may become troublesome? Or is the explanation to be found in simple apathy and indifference P It is cer tainly not overlooked, for the opera tions of thie Working Men's College receive a desirable publicity, and are calculated to etimulate interest in a matter which, as we say, is of large importance-of international import ance, in shabort, since the trade relations of the whole of the colonies with Groat Britain and the outside world must be modified in some way and in seme degree by it, just as the commerce between England and Germany has admittedly been powerfully influenced by the wider diffusion of technical knowledge amongst the working classes of the Fatherland. No one now doubts that the training of Ger man workmen in their schools has been a factor--and possibly a predomi. nont factor-in the rapid rise of that country as a manufacturer, and that in spite of the cardinal article of faith amongst Britishorsa-one we bh lieve, well based on experience-- that the best workmen on the earth, in almost any line, must be sought for in the ranks of British workmeno; It may be, of course, that with fewer distractions and smaller in terests we, in a town like Bairnsdale, have the importance of the subject brought closer to us and forced more upon our attention. Here we all know what becomes of all our boys. This one goes away to try his fortune in South Africa, another puts a couple of thousand miles between himself and his birthplace to got a railway porter's wages at Perth or Coolgardie, or ty phoid fever Black Flag, Whito Feather or Niagra. Others stay at home and drive the delivery cart of local store. keepers. And still we are not senati fled. We think they ought to do better and got a chance of staying with ns a while longer. It is perhaps natural. Victoria hasgrown into Home for Victorians. Of those who go not all return. "ome on the shores of distnt lands Their weary hearts have lald, .nd by the strangers' heedless tIsnde, Their looely graess ara made." We want the Victorian exodus to cease, Amongst the institutions of the town from which the most was hoped we place the district school of mines, nod so far as the circumstances have permitted it has realised those hopes. Soevoral young men have been sent out to take respectable positions in various parts of the colony, and its classes are popular. But its operations are fet tered, and it cannot he expected to fill the place in public usefulness which is open to it so long as the Govern moent continues to cold shoulder its claims. This, we may be told, is parochial politics again, for the critic who can denounce the Cabinet on thebo score of a still unornamental open space in Moolbourne affects to measure any complaint from the country by what it calls the village pump or tono ahip culvert standard. But the treat moot of the Bairnsdale school is no more and no leess than the treatment of the very large subject of technical education-that is to say a treatment by cold neglect. We find from the statistical register for the year 1807 that the sum expended on technical echloolo-schools of art, schools of mines and the colleges at Melbourne, Geolong nod Ilorsham-wsne £11,000. On the other hand the sum devoted to the Melbourne university, whore candi dates for the learned profoeesions are propaored, is oet down at .£1250. Three eumns we regard as out of proportios to theo importarnce of the two subjeclI, not bcanuse we think the latter should be cut down-on tile contrary, poor oer struggling men must bove tle doors of the university opeUnd more widely if poeassible to them-but brceuse on the ffee of it the provision--mnde for technicnl instruction is obsolulely in ndquate in a state which is ambitious to rank noas a manufacturer and can only hope to fulfil her destiny by fostering her trades and encouraging the technical improvemoit of the people who are and are to be em played in them. It in a state repon eibility. No voluntary system of technical schools would havoe the ghost of a chance of success, even if they could be started. And the stale knows it and admits it, but palters and hesitates and promises and does losIe than nothing-" Keeps the word of promieo to thebo ear but breakls it to the hope." lor the next day or two the secretary of the Bairnsdale Distriot Hospital will be absent from town.' His dutiqa will be discharged by Mr B. H. Foard. MIrs H. Robinson has begun making arrangements for the snnual September concort in aid of the Old Australians' Home. "esterday was the last day for re ceiving nominations for the committee of the Bairnsdalo District Hospital, and the hen. medical oficers. The latter wore re-elected unopposed. There were sixteen nominationse-which will be found in our advertisement columns -for the committee, five of them being those of retiring members. Accounts are at the receipt and pay offeico, Bsirnsdalo, for A. Came ron, H. B. Chrietano, J. Cameron, F. Christie, H. B. Day, J. Drew, J. Hopkine, J. Jefferson, O. Jones, H. James, W. Krug, S. ltabor, J. W. M'ackieson, H. R. Mafckenzio, M. IMahony, T. ~IMallany, W. Mustard, J. and A. Nation, J. Ploydell, G. A. Richardaon, H. E. Robinson, P. E. Scandlean, W'V. Steovens, O. Stevens, J. Tobin, S. S. Terrill, H. R. Townsend. A coincidence in crime. On MIon day a clerk who was paying over some money to a bank in Perth, Westrala, was relieved of a bag containing £100 in gold, while his attention was at tmracted for a moment by a person who tapped him on the shoulder. On Monday, also, under what appear to bo precisely similar circumetances, a clerk of Coutlts' Bank, London, was robbed of a bag containing I000 sove reigns, within the precincts of the Bank of England. In neither case has the propetrator of the daring theft been discovered. Major-General Sir Holled Smith by no means agrees with the siow ihat the proposed Scottish regiment will be formed at little cost to the Government. He says that the men will need the now pat tern rifle and equipment, more drill in strucntors, will increase the expense of encampments, and, sooner or later, want the capitation and effective allowance, besides entailing a host of minor ex peosses. Maintaining a regiment in a state of efficiency, he says, " is a costly business." the Treasurer, Sir George Turner, is not disposed to entertain the idea of weekly pay in the state service. He thinks the proposal is impracticable, on account of the large amount of extra labor in obtaining and checking vouchers, etc., it would involve. Sir George is not even willing to give the system a trial with the lower paid men-those receiving £200 and under. This month Herr Borcbgrevink sails from the Thames, and hopes to arrive back in London in the year 1900 with the secret of the South Polo solved. His company will consist of over 30 members, six or eight of whom will be scientiets. He takes with him 05 Sibcrian sledge dogs, and a full equip. menost of sledges and other requisites. He also takes three years' provisions, and will be particularly strong in scientific instruments. Ho hopes to reach Hobart ,ibout December next. One of Borebgrcvink's expectations is that he will find in the regions of the South Polo a now race of men, corres ponding in some respects with the Esquimanux of Greenland. The success of S. Feilchenfeld and Co.'s genuine clearing sale of first-class drapery and clothing at greatly reduced prices is marvellous. The inhabitants of Bairnsdalo and serrounding district are not slow in finding out that bar gains and a cash discount of 2s in the £ are offered at S. Felichenfeld and Co.'s great saleo.-AD. Special nttention is directed to the great clearing sale of drapery com mencing this day at Shannon Bros. They are giving a discount of 2e in the £ off all cash purchases and have greatly reduced a large portion of their stock.-A d. 