THEATRICAL SLANG. PHRASES THAT ARE IN CONSTANT ' USE B\ THE CHILDREN OF THB FOOTLIGHTS. Few callings exploit as much slang a* that of tbe actor. He has a slang word for every phase of bis business. Tbe perform ance, to begin with, is the ' show,' which,, when good, it, ' out of eight ; ' when bad, is *' snide,' though the words ?'* screamer' and ' goosey ' are sometimes used as alter natives with the first-named expression* The stage manager is commonly 'Daddy,' and a professional actor is ' one of the proiesii. &. person woo appears on the stage on sr-eclal occasions, and m very subordinate parts, is a 'super,' often ttUt further contracted into **supe.' Au ailicle used on thestafr» by the actors is a 'prop- erty,' while tbe leader of the orchestra i* always the 'Professor,' and the ptac» wbe-« be and tbe musicians sit is often known as the 'menagerie.' When the salaries have been paid the actors tell each other that the 'ghost walks,' whits actors wbo give performances ia halls and sucb places as can be obtained axe dis respectfully known as 'barBstortners.' A. place where only one performance is given is a *? one-nicht stand ' and to 'bbw to good business ' is to succeed financially in a theatrical venture- By tbe '* house™ «? meant the audience, and to ' paper the bouse ' is to eend out a lage number o£ ' complimentarie8,'or tickets for which oo- money has been paid. By a ' ran ' is meant tbe number of performances given at one *' stand,' or theatre, while a ' star1* is understood i- mean the leading actor of a. play ; a ' walking gentleman ' is an actor who speaks little, a ' serio-comic ' is an actor whose work is indicated by his name.. An actor 'sticks' when he forgets thm* words assigned to him and ' kicks ' wheal be raises an objection to an order or request In stage parlance 'business' ieany by -play* either preconcerted or impromptu, per-^ formed by an actor in order to fill an intervals while some one else is speaking, to further the coarse of the plot, or simply to caxtmt amusement among the aadienoe. The stage is the ' boards ' and the gallery tbV .' home of tbe gods.*' 