1? ,<) I) (TSSi .i ,,ii'i'ii umicr th<> vlvar a; ,i;,,:t, louii;;!)!, m sericdc.i spc! Id | I \a!e iI'K , a. homeless, hopeless, stricken niu.ii lie WHO lilicil W il.ii i\\-|);iir TI I uo deep !')!• V.,e'i!s, ;!!!'{ i ! ^ i < meat hitler til' I; i in ill ' |ri v,;:s thai, he !l ; . ! • \ I. ' I, :!;iIrrnhie ]>:;••.•• i•>' his «u\ M u>: quiet .stars shone a hove him ; and ttie ni«;lit winds sighed mournfully tlii'oii'di the lives pnd aiiiidl the !on,c ;;; ass a-; the, despairing I man moved slowly a.lon<;\ and then j sunk upon a s, ;u vvith a gninn. A. sound si i'uck his (>ar the hour ; called aloud hy numv clocks. lie; mechanically div U ' hvui his pocket a iiandsoiiie p.ij watch, and by the unceria.in h^hi regarded its face. As lie. replaced the watch j in his pocket a hitter smile crossed his pale face. " AYhat mailers the hour'.'"he said aloud. The man j was m that lonely spot with a! fea-rlul purpose he had come there to the. Yes, in thai solitary j spot lie intended to lake the lilc i that had grown an intolerable burden, to > heavy to he home, a curse, instead of' a hlessitv. It. had come io this : he, a man m the firs!, bloom of manhood, no longer wished to live. Disgraced by his own actions, he had no courage to face (he world he knew •—rather would lie leap unbidden into eternity, and brave the perils he knew not. fie drew forth a revolver, and placed it upon the neat beside him, where it lay with a passing ray of moonlight falling through ehnleaves, and gliulingon its polished, surface like the smile, of an evil spirit, sinister ami leadv-, i " 1 am lost, body and soul," saul ! the man, removing his hat, slowly, with a wild thought of praver flashing through his brain. I!e raised the pistol, and placed n s i cold mu/./le against his bunnng j brow, " Hold. What e The voice si a rt le lie. lowered the wea at the sneaker in The man seemed up from the path-way stood, so suddenly pcared :ne siiicme. andgaxed a ngi'y surj irise. to have sprung on w Inch he had le ap- W D'eVi- deed Mansfield haughtily " Never mn mmd me. \\\ h a re you and, v. lis f are you doim Why should I lelidi account o' mys"h' to you, ISKl.'i Clarence defiantiy. I am a desperate m;>n," replied the other, calmly. " Hike yourself, I came hen; to put. an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, lei us i111 k a little together Mora lt.se uy the sweet, .silver light of the moon. Why do you kill Yourself? ! do it. because i run haunt i .. 1 cv, i lasting a,eaiio ot o' , ,.. il' mv dead nasi, ; you may sa \ . They talk oi'ane'l weening over lost sinners ; we they can weep over me if they ]\ave nothing iictier to do. ( can't do any weeping myself, i once owned a. mansion in yonderavM11ie. Now T :.'.fa,nd uiide-i' the star without a shilling in my pocket. 1 saved sixpence to buy poison, but it must have slipped out through, a hole in my pocket, and 1 found that I l.iad only a halfpenny left. I knew it was useless to buy any with that—a half| eunyworth of! poison could nevci make an end of a tough citizen like me, so 1 walked up here. t have that halfpenny left. I'll give it to you for a loan of your revolver, for bad as my credit is, 1 don't want to die in debt to you. I'm not nafually mean. I'll die lirsl." j Mansfield looked at his new acquaintance In perfect astonish- | menf. AYhat this to die v, son of ie ma i was lb he it a bitter one 1 J . ( ion his lips lie appeared aboi do \'ears of age; he was tall and thin, his hair and beard were light brown, straggling and unkempt, and his clothing were extremely shabby. His eyes were bright and piercing, of a peculiar lighl grey hue, and his long, slim, white hands weie constantly in motion, betraying his nervous temperament. He constantly kept looking around him, as if he dreaded he knew not what. " AVho are vou?" asked Clarence, for 11 to stranger seemed restio;eunder his seruiny. ft was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dispense with ceremony. " lam Alfred the H reat, Chin.W)- pher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the .\ips. the Ghost of '1 In inlet's father. Moral, anything pou like 'A rose by any otoer name." AYhat's the use of arguing over one's name at a time like, tins'.' Let us study cause and effect, devote on.' last, moments to something useful. The causes of my present condition are too much wine, too much eard-piaving, too much worst 1 than doubtful company, and Ivsily, a big speculation m gram that went tu w role the el'ieei < d ah I h is can't si a nd it uiv He " 1 did not inquire from idle euriosit v," s '' I was struck hv Vo i n .id C! C!F i):-; tin ! |)!l a! 1 e i 1 ( iir misery or |ninu;'o head Ions this,' 1 into a worse hell than S p riu- ii" unices \v Li U ;;LCU!US I'!I {.!;,. u! <;'ra.:'.s, \\\ rt with drw till' ; .ntee'iil shadows t-'lol hv I hose itt II trees, in \v!u branches S1J! ] I MM' ! il )>e I'epo'-e lie, , i'. ! tini! have' < > n I y i 'VI' ie volee oi nature, : i'e happy, ;iud, as :-oiikm',ii : .,1 \ S, 'Hiiiy man is , Vile.' All Ml \' ! I'l >| ihles ha,\o come h'om insseli". ! never tried to do ''n;ht. You a\e not either, or you wouldn< he here." j I have tried sometimes." " 1'id \ou rea! i v'.' WCll, I d'.dii i. \ow. as ! have, answered i ) tM ir tpies! ion, you answered ijiii11^. j \\\ by art; you ja>iug to die. '.'" j I am a., villain. I have been transacting business for my father, L was supposed to be smart, and, j of course, trustworthy. Well, 1 got into all sorts of bad company, embezzled money, and though L j could replace il ; then grunblcd better myself, h<st all I had, and, to make a, long story short, I 'vo been going to the devil for three , years ; now I've get there. My fa. thei has discovered all, and I could i>t lace him, a, nd above all m\ mother, could no;, see any way out of if f this 1 tied from homo three ys ago, and I've been expect to he arrested every moiiiei I. He must feel it terribly am m v p. or mother ; I. am her on I v c , and she loves me, w;\s pro! would think i me in prison all is ye I t" be eirl, the da i parents, is i'not living in a ilia that, she s add ha,ve such a cruel aw a kei I I M 1 have destroyed evrryt biny that i identification, so t iia t my mot her na anow v, He stopped, His new conn lor he had h.'eii talked on for son me. bather 4 of puffing ihe worst of a gii'l a lovely of wealthy ough to love he has been i i seems hard lght lead to my can rnly hope ml Hueite may became ot nie. ible t.o continue. too a seat, tfuuhng. They 1 line, and were. recalled to their purpose by the sound of the do, ks striking ten. ! "'o you know' 1 win very hungry'.-'" said ('Hi enee's new friend. " ' > ive me the pistol, and let me make an end of this business lotit is useless to endure more discomfort than is absolutely neces- Sr' ry !• or the Clarence li'om poekc " 1 o; t hi glanced a, get rid of . upon u. it '.'" " t • a \ t ceoud tune that lughi ad drawn his watch way ia! he said, as he wn ! eh must be ni\" monogram ia'11 1 do Willi i got a. watch '.' Why thdn't \ on sa \' ,s heli >re ? i ,et us go and pa, w n il. We can at least ha.ve some sup: r, roe! not go humji'v nito i he •xt world." "'Why. (his i> chudisii. 'bake. the waLch and w ieonug but; leave; mo ak -lie. (io Perhaps you may see some reason wnv Vol I sic add live. (io d-hve.' "No. 111 tin • ti'rst ! >!ace intend io slay with vou to the. end, and in the second place f can't pawn your watch., for if I. do they will arrest me when your body is found. Come on, you are not the man I take you for if you will let fellow creature die ! hungry, | ('hirei | wished [ f ( , •ful i j f a ! " Com j : ''J '.auger lowed ose reluctantly : he et ipuekly over his it might be that ho perate courage would Hiayed. friend," urged the arc I the young man um. 1 ' Now w nan talk' more at our (ao-e," said ihe man of many na.mos ; shpiung his hand through ^Fanstield's arm as thev found themselves on a, broader path. Ho talked on, and Ma m c field was struck by the force and originality <>! Ilis remarks, and varied nature j of hi s intormation. He was both witty and well read, and seemed to have more depth of character than a casual observer woub-1 have given him credit: for. " (live me the watch," he said, when they were clear of the park, " and meet me in yonder restaurant." It is too late to pawn it now," sti pi iff d ('la re nee, placing the watch in his hand. Not a!: ail. \ on are Uiisophistieafed, my young friend. This is Saturday night, and this is the witching hour when the spider, who.>o Hgn is three golden baits, catches more flics than any other hour' in the day. Proceed to the restaur;!!!! and I'll be with you anon." Clarence obeyed. He walked into the restaurant and took his seat lit one of the tables. A waiter came to take his order, but be Lohi him he was waiting for a friend. I .eft, to himself, a Hood of lavudul 1 eoil;ui'o', came over him •'••ere ol his 11v\v aci|ii;ii))l- 1! i aiiislu'ii (Item ihr tho . hie i:i< \' i'oturiual \\\\-iLh •'! ioiv<: who11 lie once »ue. ITo ro^rctlotl that he en rmM ! '>.',' i (J e llle ( jUUU! r.^iol as ainfully nmsin nit it is terrible <!e!ay, eniti r- ibnl bl'o loiit n mail to I.lio uiisell'. While he took up a [viper that lay before him. {.he? "'•"''v '/' h-'trahh, and a.mong ih t . 1 '" l ' M| ' ; ' 1 1 this caught his eye . " Clarence M - - Come home. All will be forgiven and forgotten. Mot her IS desperately ill, and ask« for you constantly.-- father." W hat a wild tumult of joy and sorrow surged through his heart, <K'erci>me by the |.i<H of feeling', he laid his head down on the table, and tears oi penitence streamed from his eyes. Those tears were !1( ) f unmanly ; they washed away I he bitter feelings 'of anguish and despair, and left, Clarence Manstield a stronger and better man. ,lust; as ho. conquered his emotion his new friend entered. He. sawad a glance that some 1 new tide in the. affairs of men had turned in his companion's favour, lie sat down and silently placcd a pile of money before. Mansfield and then ordered supper for both without asking' one question. Clarence understood the delicacy that prompted hun, and, touching his arm, hud the paper before him silently, indicating the notice. "I am glad, from my hear*-," said the stranger warmly, pressing the young man's hand as lie «p"ko. " Vou see, it was well you followed my '.ulviee. You will return of course'.'" " Yes, return, and with (Joel's hem try to atone for the past and descry,: mv father's mercy. And vou'. 1 " " Mr per a,nd my woi live." " No Oli ; hen . It Hi! finish my supgo back ami finish is no use for me to shall not. Come with me to I Hlstem. [ shall tell my father when and bow J met you. He employs over a hundred mem, and you are not too proud to work for another man at present, as you have 1 no business of your own." The. only answer Clarence received was a hearty squeeze of the hand, and in the piercing eyes ol his companion he saw tears well up. Next morning saw both men on their way to 1 )alston. When they arrived there they went before Mr. Mansfield, and Clarence told their storv. The stern man was deeply moved, and in broken tones he blessed and forgave; his erring' son. He adao extended a kindly welcome to (ho stranger, who gave his nana 1 as Herman Kverleo. Airs. Mansfield was very ill, but the sight of her boy's lace restored her. Kverlae was placed in the countumhousc, anel proved himself a valuable assistant - -honest, keen and industrious. He remained in Mr. Mansfield's employ for four years, -and then requested leave ot absence to go on a visit. J J c returned, after - an absence of four weeks, with his wife and child, the latter a lovely boy of six years. Alt his friends were filled with surprise, as they had always supposed him an unmarried man. " That is what filled me with despair," he said in confidence to Clarence. "Hut my brave Mary fought on alone till 1 had been he;.'6 a mouth, and then 1 wrote and told her all. Since then I have supported them, and now I am once more a happy man. I have gathered furniture by dc agrees, anel although our home is not much like our former mansion, Mary loves it, and says she was never so happy, and 1 believe her, (iod bless her." Soon after this Clarence also went away on leave, and brought back his bride, the beautiful Lucile, who fad loved him so and so devotedly. She knew his story, and was willing to trust her heart, to his keeping, and time proved that her conliclcnco was not misplaced. He became one of ihe leading men in his business and social circle, respected by all and well beloved by relatives and friends, and honoured, father and a happy husband. Years a iter, when the firm was known as Mansfield and Everlee the nartners set aside a sum every year. It was sent to a well-known clergyman in Whitechapel to be be used by him for the purpose of assisting just such desperate men they once had been—men driven to despair by tno fruits of their own folly. The fund was a secret to the partners, and was called by them ' Our fund for those who are 1 Heady to 'Perish.' " 