Conversion of $tateria It never ocourro/i to Reid that his wife lay -dying u/util the very lust day ol! her illnesB./ Ho was a -man of singularly healthy disposition, averse on principle tq painful thoughts, and I doubt if in trie whole of his married life kip/mind had dwelt for flvo min utes -together on the possibility 6t his loa:ug her. ? /? THey wero both young, nnd.intiraate. ./companions — auch companions na fl.rnany desire to bo, ndd few become. i'/And perhnps it was her senst} of tho {! value of this mra compauionship^that ' had made her, when first her .health '? declined, run many nn: avoidable risk i-ruther ihun leave him to go his way i alone. He was Borry th'n t she- wai ill, sorry flho should suffer, nnd ho mused her !. ix» she lay upstairs in a . thousand \Vnys ; but .though the .doctor was ..mindful'' - to 'say nil : the ' pre paratoryj , phrases of his profes sion, an4. ?.though her sister, ...spoke, as ; she conceived, quite plainly, it was as hard for him to understand that this was. more than a temporary interrup tion^ of ther life as it would hare bean to believe that the sun would not rise. again aftor to-morrow morning1 ' Thi3 day before she died he was restlesK, and after wandering about the house and taking a short walk, lie oc'cupiel himself in plunging out her :evening primroses — a thing she had made. -a point p£ doing noiv,for ten spriaigs.in succession. Tho garden she nad always tendered, ,. he suid, should, not seem neglected when she came blown agnin. He had rattier his own work got in arrears than that rthis 'should happBC. The first realisation when the doctjr finding all conventional euphemisms useless, told him tho fact at last in Ktark, plain words, stunned him. Even then it is doubtful if hebe lieved. lie said not a word in answer, but the .colour left his f»ce, and the lines about his raout h hardened. And he walked softly, nnd with white es preRsionless features, into her room. He stood in the doorway und stared for a minute at her thin little features .with the eyes dosed and two little lines between the brows ; then went and knelt by tho bed and looked ' olosely into her face. She did no.t move until he. touched, her hair and -very so rtly whispered hef name, Then her 03*68 opened for a mompnt and he Maw thut she knew him. Her lips moved, and it seemed that file ?whispered one of tho:-e foolish, tender little names that happy married folk delight in inventing for ono another, and then ehe gathered her strength as ? if with an effort to speak distinctly. He bent mechunicully, and heard the the last syllables of '.au revoir ' For a moment ho did not clearly understand what the words . were. That was all she said, nud us for him he answered not a word. He put his hand in hem and she pressed it faintly, and then more faintly. He kissed her forehead with dry lips, arid little lines of pain there faded slowly into peace. For an hour they let him kneel until the end had come ; and all that time he never stirred. Then they had to tip his shnulder to rouso him from his rigor, lie got up slowly, bent over her tranquil fuce a moment, looking down into her tranquil face, and then allowed them lo lead him away That was how Roid parted from his wife, and for days after he bohnvod as a man who had been suddenly de prived, of all initiative. He did no ? work ; he wont nowhere outside the house ; he ate, drank, and slept mech anically ; and he did not even seem to suffer actively. For the most part he sat stupidly at h'a desk, or wnnder ed about the big garden, looking with dull eyes at the little green buds that were now swiftly opening all about him. Not a pouI ventured to speak to him of his loss, albeit those who did not know him might have judged his mood one of almoluto apathy. But nearly a week after the funeral the floodgates of hi* sorrow were opened. Quite suddenly the thins came upon him. Her sister heard him walk into the study and throw himself into a chair. Everything was still for a space and then he-sprang up again, and she heard him wailing, 'Mary! Mary!' And then b.p van, sobbing violently, and stumbling \- along the passage to his room. It was grotesquely like a little child that had suddenly been hurt. He lookodjhis door ; nnd her sister, fearing whnt might happen, went along the passage. She thought of rapping at the door,- but on second thoughts she refrained. After listen ?;/;? ing awhile she went away. It was long after the first violence of his grief had passed thut Reid first spoke oE h'lB follings. He who hud been u matter-of-fact materialist was converted, I -found, to a believer in immortality by the pitiless logio of her uncompleted lifo. But I think it was an imperfect, a doubting belief even at the boat. And to strengthen it, perhaps, he bog in to show a growing ititorest in tho inquiries of tho=o who are sifting whatever ovidonoe there may be of the return of thoae who are dead, 'For I want mv wife now.' said h- 'I want her in this life. I want her about me — her comfort, her presono ? What does it matter that I shall meo her again when I am uhungod and sh - 1h changed ? It was the dear triviali ties, tbo littlo moments, tho touch of her hand, tho sound of her voice in the loom with mo, her distant sing ing in Iho garden; and her footfall on the etairs. If I could bf liovo that,' he Baid, 'if I-oould believe ? ' And in that spirit it was thut ho kept to ?'?' old homo, and would sonrcely boar thut a thing within or without should bo altered in any w iy. The white curtiiins that hail been there last autumn hung dirly in tlu- windows, and tho littlo desk thut hud been her own in tho stinly stood there i-till, with the pen thrown down as he fancied she had left it. -., 'Here, if anywhere, hor presence lives.' Her sister, left him when, a house keeper was obtained, and ho wont on living there alone, working litt'o, and communing for the most part of these dead memories. After a time he loved nothing so much as to talk to her, and I think in thoso days that I was of service to him. lie would take me nbiut the house, pointing to thin trivial thing und that, und telling me some little act of herd that he linked therewith. And he always spoko to her as ono who still lived. 'She does' eo and so, he would say ; '-he likes' so and so. AVe would puce u.i and down, the rich lawn of his' hou«e. 'My wife is. particularly fond of those, big white lillies/ he wo.:ld say, fand this year they are liner- thun ever.' So. the summer pussed and the autumn came. And ono day lute in the evening he came to me, walking round the houso and tapping at the Fronoh window of my studv, and as he came in and out of vhe night I noticed h«w deadly white and tunken his face ^vus, and how bright his eyes. 'I have seen her,' he suM to mi in a low, clear voice. 'She has visited mp. I know she was watching mo and near me. I nave felt her presence for weeks and weeks. And now she has come.' ? He was intenBety excited, and it was some time time before I could get any clear story from him. He had been sitting by the fire in his study, musing, no doubt going over for the hundredth time, day by day. and almost hour by hour, as he was wont to do, one. of the summer holidays they spent together. He was staring he said, into the glowing coals, and almost imperceptibly it was that thero grew upon him the pursua. sion that)' he was not alone. .The thoughtjtook shape slowly in his mind, but with a strange quality of absolute conviction, that she was sitting in the armchair in front of him, as she had done so often in the old days, und watching him u-dreaming. For a moment he did not dare, to look .up, lest he should find this a more de lusion. -~' 'i hpn slowly he- ruised his eyes. He was dimly aware of footsteps advancing along the passage as he did so. A wave of disappointment swept over him 'is he saw the chair was empty, and this incontinently guve .place to a tumult of surprise and joyful emotion. For he saw her — saw hi'r distinctly. She was standing behind the chair, leaninsr over the back of it, and smiling the tender smile he knew go well. So in her life she had stood many a time and listened to him, smiling gently. The firelight played upon her face. 'I saw her as plainly us I see you' he said, 'I saw a smile in her eyes, and my heart leapt out to hpr. For a moment he was motionless, entranced, and with an inntantane -us appreciation of the tranaitoriness of this appearance. Then suddenly the door opened, the shadows in the room rushed headlong, und the housenv-iid came in with the lamp lit, and without the shade — » dazzling glare of naked fllame. The yellow light splashed over the roim, und brought out every thing clear and vivid. By mere rellex action he turned his head at the sound of the door-hundle, and forwith turned it back again. But the faco he' had longed for so patiently had vanished with the shadows before the lijtht. Every thing was abruptly plain and m iterial. The girl replenished the liro, move 1 the armchair on ono side, and too't nwa}' tho scuttle-lining to reh'll it with coals, A curiom b'ish fullness made Reid pretend to make notes at his table u-itil these offices were accomplished, then ho looked across the fire-plnoa again, and the room was empty. Tho sense of her presence, too, had gone. He called upon her name again and again, rubbe I his eye?, and tried to forco her return by concentriting his mind upon lior. But nothing availed, Ho could see hor uo more. lie allowed mo to cross-examine him in the most detailed way upon this story. His manner was the sane, so convincing, and his hone-ity bo indisputable, that I went to bed thut night with my beliefs and dUbeli«f* ereatly shaken. Hitherto I Irid doubted every ghost-stoiy I hud heard ; but hero, at last, was one of a dilforent quality. Indeed, I wont to bed that night an unwilling convert ;o tho belief in the phantasms of those who aro dead, and all that that belief' implies. My faith in Reid wai confirmed by the fact that from late Auguat whnn thi* hnpnen^d, ti'l Deomhor, he did not see tho apparition niruin. Had it been an hallucination begotton of his own intense brooding it mu4 inovit abbly have recurred. But it wa« presently to be proved beyond all question that tho thing ho saw was an exterior prosonce. Night after night he sat in lux stud\r, longing for the repetition for thut strange experi ence ; and at last, atter many nights, he saw hor for the second time. It was earlier in tho evening, but when the shortor winter days the room was already dark. Once moro h ? looked into his .study fire, and once moro that fire glowed rodly. Then there cam1-1 tho same sonso of hor preBonco, t'ufl same hesitation, before he raUod his eyes. But this time Iip looked over the chair at onc.fi and s:iw her without any flush of disappoint ment. At the instnnt he felt not the faintest suspicion that hU censes do cnivod him For a moment ho win dumb. Ho was ani/.ed with an intensi .longing to touch her hand. Tnen came into his head . soino hall'for notten Htory that one must spun'; first to .a spirit. Ho leant forward. 'Mary!' b' said vpry softly. 13 t she neither moved nor spoke And then Biiddenly i t~ scorned that Mhe grew less distinct. .' Mary !'' .he whispered, with a sudden pang of doubt. Her features grew unfamiliar. Then suddenly ho roso to his feet, and as ho did so the' making of the illusion was demonstrated. The. high light on a vase that hud been hor cheek moved to the right ; the shadow that had been her arm to tho left. Few people realise how little we actually see of what is before our eyes : a patch of light, a . patch of shadow, and all tho re*t our memory, .nn.'l.our imagination supply. A chance grouping of dim forms in the dusky, Hrolit study hud furni-dio.t all the suggestion his longing senses had required. His eyos and \\\U heart and the humour of chance hud cheated him. He stooil there t-taring. Fur a moment the disintegration of thi' figure Glled him with a senje of grotesque horror and dismay. For a momont it seemed beyond tho sunity of things. Then, att he realised '-the deception his , senses had contrived, ho ant down again, put his elbiws on the table and buri- d his fnce in his hands. About ten he came and told me. Ho told me in u clear, hard voice, without a touch of emotion, recording a, .remarkable fact. ' As I to'd you the other thing, it is only right that I should tell you this,'1 he said, Then he sat silently fir a, space. *' She will oome'no more,' ho said at.last. ' She. will come no more.'1 And tuddenly be, rose, and without a greeting passe \ out into (he night. THE. END. 