The Mesmeric School Teacher By A.G. Stephens i«less „ her ess'was one towns in the HEE-EE-EE-OO! The Under Secre- tary's whistle dodg- ed through the keyhole, along the corridor, and out into the street, where it frightened a tram off the line. People thrilled who heard it; it gave them the sensation of being turned inside out and held over the infinite by a single hair. That was precisely the sensation of the Un der-Secretary. He.had been in the de partment for twenty-three years, and the experience was quite unparalleled. "Ask Mr Jones to step here," he said at length, taking his hand out .of his hair. Mr Jones was a relic of even greater antiquity, and there was a chance that he would supply a pre cedent. Without , a precedent a Gov ernment official Is a child lost , in the Never-Never. . "Now, Mr Jones, can.. you explain those?" Mr Jones read the letters carefully, stroked his beard, raeditatod, and vowed he couldn't. 'Totally unpre cedented," was his verdict. The Un der-Secretary jgasped. le female teachers of h^nedJn. g body—tfrsf of the most impOTtant colony, and the thing was monstrous. "Well," said the Under-Secretary af ter a pause, "you "can request the lot to reconsider. It's the only thing to do." It was ..done,-.and each sent, a reply thanking the Department, and stating that the resignation was final. * . * * months previously the transfer of J1-' itosie Drooney to the post of first as ' aitant at the Boys' . School at Name less had been duly gazetted. Specula^ tion as to his character and appearance was the staple of teachers* gossip until he arrived. His name was against him, some thought. "A man with a girl's name must be a—", and the critic, a rather masculine assistant, who wore a dim moustache atid always failed in needlework, closed her sentence with a sniff that spoke three volume. 'Her friend, a susceptible P.T. 4. did not dare to dissent openly. " Mr Drooney arrived, and the floating impressions of him. presently crystal lised into a definite estimate—he was 'queer.' Drooney was a tall, loose jointed, young man of passable looks and pleasant manners; but he had ex traordinary eyes which looked right through you and out on the other side. Often, while he talked, he would breaK off abruptly; his gaze would fix and Sis form become rigid; for five minutes he would look like a body without a scul. Then consciousness seemed to return, and he would-resume eonversa-. tion. The teachers used to refer to this habit as 'seeing ghosts.' tit was known that Drooney dabbled in hyp* nofciem* and he was an excellent sufc ject for a joke. Wilkins, his senior in the school, referred to him as "Dosy Loony." The Presbyterian minister in vited him to join the Bible c'ass, but was met with questions on the. relation of Christian dogma to the Incompre hensibility of the Inscrutable which were both surprising and shocking. Six months after "Dosy fcoony' came to Nameless he had an idea. The idea was followed by an experiment. He had made hundreds of experiments be fore, and they n- ver failed to fail. This .on© succeeded, and the * results were—but you shah fcsar. The first victim was the susceptible p.T. 4. She astonished her class one afternoon by stopping suddenly in the middle of a lesson and rushing wildly into the distance without her hat. Ten minutes later she turned up in Wilkins's school, breathless and dis hevelled, and threw herself at Droon ey's feet, clasping him tightly round, the legs and murmuring was est endeanflnent. in bed. hand in a pecuJijfVer the town like wild quickly taken The news was/ something still more aw fire. ifed. Drooney was walking Next da^ne, when five teachers darted ..l-friuawh in rt a earner, and kissed him ' publicly in the street, hugging and clinging so that he could not shake them off without assistance. It was put down to sunstroke, but after- the performance of the day before the scan dal wasimmense. The most ardent of the five was the masculine assistant who "had snubbed Drooney at every op portunity. Perhaps next in : warm' i was the head teacher with the h^^est classification, in the town; the othors,= pupil teachers in ,th- V teenp, gushed "Darling, darlinr _osie!" in every cadence of amoroiv " ^ugivg. Two of them belonged to tV £. Union, and had sworn never to kiss a man without the written permission of the presi dent. These wei s the most Bt-ameless. ft was frightf'Jl. But there was worse to come. The same evening, just as midnight struck, Drooney's landlady was roused by a tremendous knocking at her door . She was a widow, and not afraid of men at night, so she hastily got into a dress ing gown, and went to see what, was up. Twenty-five female teachers wero up—all the town contained but cn&— and running about the garden calling for "Rosie.' Two or three were dress ed, but the others were in nightgear of various degrees of pieturesqueness. an 1 looked like tombstone angels revisiting the pale glimpses of the moon. As Mrs Brown gazed, the twenty-sixth teaches? ran up . panting. She belonged to an outlying school, and could not. get to the rendezvous as soon as the others. Her bare feet were cut and bleeding, and she had left half her nightgown on a stump. Mrs Brown was horrified, although a widow. "You—you—you hussies," she shrieked, shaking her fist at them, "go home at once." But they would not. The neighbours had been aroused, and & crowd was gathering when Drooney came to the door and waved his hand. The twenty-six teachers fell asleep on the instant, and wesre wrapped up and carried home. The town was stupefied People tried to exchange ideas, but words Med them. They could only make inarticulate sounds and gestures of idiocy. ■_ . Drooney was frightened. He did not go to school next day, but sat in his bedroom making experiments, while his face grew continually paler. It was late at night before he gave up. Then he wrote two notes, spent an hour m packing, and lay down for a shore sleep before the train went. In the early morning he slipped cut with his portmanteau and walked quickly to the station. He had just got his ticket when there was a,pattering of fifty feet on the platform. Drooney ran into the waiting room, and crawled. under the- seat. In another moment the room was overflowing with female teachers. He was pulled out and furi^ ously embraced by fifty-two 3i®t4^me outlying teacher arriving^jj^tsSnaged to add Jher niiMa^Sg^vaved his hand. ^=g?^aciKa*s^5?ere quiet at once, and ne locked tb9 door. Then he spoke. "Ladies," said Rosie Drooney, "I am a desperate man. In a moment of mad ness, angry at your indifference, I mes merised you by a new process, and made you fall wildly in love with" me. Unfortunately I cannot break the spell. I have tried, but it wilt not come un done. By making this pass"—and again he waved his hand—"I caa hold your feelings in suspense, bu# only for a few minutes. You are place : in mys terious rapport with me, and involun tarily I control your movements. If you were >my wife it would not matter, but this is a Christian country, and I cannot marry you all. There is only one way to release you, and that Is to kill myself. This I am now going to do. Good-bye. In "a quarter of an hour you will be free. Pray for me;" He moved towards the door. "But—" The susceptible P.T. stain ed up and stopped him, Whispering something in his ear. His face bright ened. "Ladies,"' he said, "I am a young man, and I have an aged mother who is entirely dependent upon mB. I do not wish to die. A course has been suggested which if, for the sake of my aged mother, you can bring yourselves to approve, will—" He could hardly be heard for th© clamour at the door. As it was burst open, they fell simultane ously upon his bosom. "Yes, yes!" they said, "how could you doubt us." A policeman who tried to arrest Drooney for riotous behaviour was nearly torn to pieces; and next day twenty-seven resignations were on their way to the Department of Public Instruction. \- * * ♦ ■ » Some months later a Salt Lake news paper contained the following para graph:— "By coach yesterday arrived among us Brother and Sisters (26) Rosie Drooney. They are from Australia, arid received a hearty welcome from Presi dent Young. Sister Drooney, seniv, who was also a member of the party, will be sealed to the President tomorrow by special license. Some of the newly opened Western Land fca&bt;^n.allotted to Brother Drooney. Jt is very grati fying' thus to see the pure tenets of our faith victorious among the distant Gen tiles." 