Mayfield, South Yarra. Thursday, July 7. My dear Marie.—Tour enthusiastic expressions in regard to the gallantry and Parisian manners of the Japanese officers, misled me into the belief that they had adopted all the customary courtesies of European society. Secure wit,n an mvitai/iuu num Captain Naehiwa and Officers to an " at home " on board the H. I. J, M. S. Kongo, I journeyed with Dora and her people to Port Melbourne in my most fetching " get up " last Tuesday, prepared to have a splendid time with the spruce officers—Alas, I cannot tell you anything of the function. Arrived at the pier, we took our places on board the launch waiting to start for the Kongo. "We were hardly seated when an immaculately garbed officer, festive in white kid gloves, but evidently distressed in mind accosted us in a language which sounded like Japanese, apparently explaining or requesting something. Thinking he wished to see our pass-port we produced the invitation cards. With some difficulty he made us understand in very broken English that ladies were not permitted on board, as it was not the Japanese custom. Very crest- J fallen we scrambled back on to the pier. There we halted to enjoy the discomfiture of- the little procession of ladies and gentlemen walking down from the station evidently with the intention of enjoying tea in company with the Japanese officers. The groups of ladies accompanied by officers, gorgeous in full uniform, were delightful to contemplate, as their kindly smiles to the little Japanese officer soured into a grimace expressive half of annoyance, half of trying to impress upon the officer that the mistake was of no consequence. The captain, I think, ought to be told that when an invitation specifies an " at home " it is understood to mean quite, a ladies' function; had it said "reception" we should have understood it was only for gentlemen. Charlie says that the captain was quite right in declining to receive ladies on board. He has a large number of midshipmen and junior officers under his charge, the Kongo being merely a training ship 5 and youth, even Japanese youth, is so impressionable. that they might forget that black hair and brown eyes are the sole standard of beauty. Charlie also says that the men on board these foreign ships generally make very offensive comments on the lady visitors, which the officers cannot very well punish, but which they dislike to hear as any gentleman would. One dear little officer volunteered to " go and ask the captain if he would allow the ladies on board," but of course we could not have accepted a mere permission instead of an invitation. Such bright sunny weather favoured the Winter race-meeting at Flemington that most of the ladies present set the season at defiance and came forth attired in greys, fawns, and even the cream or white toilettes of Spring. The effect of course was charming, and to see the fair promenaders sunning themselves on the verdant lawn reminded one of the glories of a summer outing, Mrs Percy Chirnside was one of the most conspicuous figures in grey, while Mrs Blackall Douglas found a host of admirers for her superb violet confection. Qf the few who favoured dark costumes and were any way effective,}Mrs Lionel JBuckland made the sweetest picture in a smart coat and skirt, a delicate grey ostrich boa nestling under her chm. Lady Madden and her daughter's, with Colonel Campbell and Lieut. Vallange, gave additional attractiveness to the gathering. The wealthy young sportsman and his remarkably well dressed wife, whom you have noticed at the last Flemington meeting, had quite a romance. The gentleman has not long succeeded to his fortune, and on the day he knew he was a rich man he went to the hotel, the Hebe of which he had long worshipped from across the bar, and begged her to be his wife. They are residing in a splendid villa in a .well-known racing suburb of Melbourne. People may have their minds set to rest ut last as to the where and when of the great marriage of the seakon, as invitations are being issued for the nuptials of Miss Sylvia Madden and Lieutenant Yallange, for Thursday, August 17. The ceremony will take place at St. Paul's Cathedral, the Bishop of Melbourne officiating; and the reception and wedding repast at Government House. The event is causing a flutter of excitement in society. Miss Ethel Spooner of " Annesley," Auburn Road, makes her dibut, at the Government House ball on Friday next. By the latest English mail comes the news of the marriage of Mr. HarryThompson, whose graduation to the front ranks of London journalism from the ruck of railway clerks reminds one of Jerome K. Jerome's similar success. In spite of the many vicissitudes of a young journalist's life in the great city, he remained true to his early vows of love, pledged when a mere hobbledehoy, and last, month was married to Miss Minnie Elliott, late of East Melbourne. Mr. Thompson took his bride to Paris! for the wedding trip. They will reside in Chancery ( Lane, in the very heart of London city. The young, Victorian is assistant news editor of the Daily Mail, and acts in the onerous capacity of literary adviser for a well-known firm of London publishers, j Although the invitations were limited, there were j over seventy guests present at the marriage of Miss I Dorothea Buoknall and Mr Herbert James ThompI son of Warracknabanya, son of Mr. James Thompson of Toorak, last Saturday. The wedding took place at midday, at the residence of the bride's mother, Mrs. Stephen Bucknali, "The Cottage," i Rodborougb, and was celebrated by Canon Harris of Maryborough assisted by the Rev. J. Carmichael of Ballarat. The nuptials of Miss Jeannie Glass with her cousin, Mr. Phillip Glass, of- Adelaide, were the occasion of an enjoyable reception, held at the Masonic Hall, Coliins-street, on Wednesday afternoon. The hall was decorated in a most picturesque manner with heliotrope and yellow art muslin draperies, panel mirrors, pot plants, and foliage. Orchestral music was provided by Mr. Oyston'e band, and a splendid programme of music was also contributed by Miss Mattingley, Miss J. Levy, Mr. Tralford Foster, and Mr. Graupner. Mr and Mrs. Glass spend their honeymoon at Mentone, and shortly afterwards proceed to Europe. Dr. Graham and his bride, whose nuptials were celebrated quietly at Essendon. on Wednesday, go to make their home in Broken Hill. Dr. Graham is a native of Melbourne and a graduate of the University. His wife is the daughter of the late Mr. John Muir, an old and well-known resident >f Essen- j dan, and her gentle and amiable disposition | endeared her to a large circle of friends. Mrs Graham is not dowerless, as she receives a handsome income from the estate of her late father. Many Melbourne girls view matrimony from a distinctly business point of view, and prefer suitors " on the sunny side of old age," when there is more assurance of a good establishment, to love in a cottage with the handsomest of young men, whose income is precarious. I hear that one very pretty eirl. who has had the opportunity of marrying more than one eligible young man, has actually persuaded . herself that she is in love with a grey-haired, courtly ' old gentlemen, and having kept to her resolve for two years her relatives have consented to the match. Sir Walter Besant wrote a novel to prove that the natural order of youth mating with youth could nob be defied with immunity from disaster, but it seems that the exigencies of modern society have reinstated the system of the ancient Babylonian marriage market. Very few public men find their birthday considered such an eyent by their friends as Dr. Neild does his. From early morning telegrams and visitors arrived, and though Wednesday was wet . and gloomy outside, the cosy little study suggested quite a different kind of weather. Almost every caller brought flowers, violets by preference, and these filled every bit of available space in the room. The writing-table was a mass of bright- coloured, fluttering ribbons, flowers, and birthday remembrances surreptitiously deposited with little notes of felicitation. The correspondence of the day. found a place where it could, and the most business-like of blue envelopes paired off with festive birthday cards. The glow ot the firelight as it sparkled on decanters and glasses deepened the cheery effect, and everybody gave themselves up unreservedly to forgetfulness of a matter-of-fact world, During the afternoon Dr. Neild had to attend a meeting of the Sbakspeare Ball Committee at the Town Hall. At the conclusion, it was with considerable amazement he heard the Mayor (Councillor McEacharn) proposing his health, and eulogising his career. This accorded with the temper of the gathering, and ball matters were put aside to wish " many happy returns " to the president of the Shakspeare Society, The mention of the Shakspeare ball brings to mind the zeal that is being shown in searching for nondescript characters. A scenic artist is going as "Shouts Without/' and his friend as the " Cannon at Agincourt." A hard-up family who can barely afford tickets intend to make an effort to illustrate the "seven ages." "The Ghost" in Hamlet, the " Witches " in Macbeth and the fairies of Midsummer Night's Bream supply an excuse for using up old material. Though the janitors who take the tickets are to be instructed to refuse admittance to anyone not attired in a oorrect Shakspearian garb, the. variety of opinion that prevails regarding what i is, and .what is not, correctly Shakspearian will make matters lively enough. If the janitors or stewards do not drop dead before the evening is over, there is every chanceofth^TS^^^BF Kew. Fancy the doctors in fashion being called on to atfi executive committee, whose brain, v6ll^^B under the strain of ejecting thl ones and arranging the hapha J^B1 others, who may -nake Caliban a *1 or Malvolio a melodramatic indeed they will exclaim « motley's thtfl^B* A well-known stockbroker of north ..^^b! he is going to the Shakesperian balllMB) He is likely to change his mmd.W^Ks female relatives demand to be tak»n .B^K ?^urrse-8HBsost«^» If birthday letters follow the style of the Never-Never country a day or twn of the birthday card is no cause for particular birthday letter covered sh^H00' foolscap, and contained one hundred The^young man to whom it was sent is<^Bbe station, not too much enamoured ofiM!" much given to thinking of the artisticsa^B' gatherings that used to delight his soul^^l111 days. His artist and Bohemian chum^B10.1! device to make him smile, and the"le^^B evolved was something in the style oi^Bb,<' dinner dream by the combined London l^B^ after their annual conviviality. Threesce^Hsr five newspaper' illustrators and a score^Br<*J students of various degrees of humour ^B°"' each other in comic pen and ink drawings^B"" between them they upset a bottle of ink^B^ work, one of the gaping Pbillistinea pron^B8, two friendly snakes out of the black stre^Bf.1 literary chums added a quantity of metri^B and the climax was reached when ko^B ? musical cranks filled in the blank sp^Br original compositions. So filled was err^B8 the letter that a half-crown could not be^Ba^ on a vacant spot. Egyptian hieroglypl^H beside this outpouring of a hundred sart^B>D monumental and maddening, and will t&k;^B0 a month to read. B? The St. Hilda Yacht Club ball will b^B?, elusive this year, for each application fo^B has to be accompanied by a form on wh^B forth for whom the ticket is wanted, and t^B, cant has to " go bail" for the unimpeacha^B, of the recipient of the ticket, I hope the <j|B^ will keep the lists for reference after ^B There are only five hundred tickets issa^B^ feel very superior, knowing I have ea^B^ passed the ooramittee's investigation, The "Washington Post" has fallen out^B and is considered as undignified to dance asl^Ba land schottische in a public ball-room. T^B rumour of a modified minuet being introd^B1 ball programmes this season. ThenewdaBB ever name it goes by, was started in Paris^^Hj shortly be introduced in our ball-rooms. ^Bd was short last season, and designed volumes of lace underneath, in the^ hoppi^^B ment of the " Post," out it now i» h> uD add a slight train to set off the posiog^^B curtsies of the figures in the new dance. ^^B To encourage the sale of ball tickets an^H ladies forming the committee of the Jewish^® Society, whose dance came off at the JUasi^H Collins-street, on Monday, it was annoua^H the lady who sold the greatest number oflH would receive a prize. The result was Rosenthal headed the list of zealous tick^H by disposing of 70, for which the Society^M her a very handsome ostrich feather fao,^H ivory handle and a gold band bearing heri^H The Mayoress of Melbourne (Mrs M'Each^H be absent from Melbourne for the next tiro^H weeks, and we all expect to see her return and well as ever. Permission was asked at a meeting of the^B Nursing Society at the Town Hall, on Tues^B for bicycles to be used by those who wisbe^H one taking any serious objection, except ofl^B who thought tbe flying cloak and dress ni^B the nurses dangerous on the wheel, tbe "nn^B angels " were granted the boon. Since clergymen and men of medicine it is meet that the nursing sisters mount tb^B too, on their rounds of sick- calls. ^B Everyone is pleased to find that Dr. Nor^B the unpleasant contretemps with the comn^B the Austin Hospital has been re-instated w^B position as medical superintendent. l^B doctor though 75 years of age is active, conj^K kindly, and was endeared to all the patient^B The squabbles of the committee of the Benevolent Asylum, and the unsatisfactory ■ affairs at the institution has induced a Jar, ■ of subscribers to take action to secure M of members to the committee " who w H active and intelligent interest in tbe and see to the proper management or the future." The leaders of the gentlemen of great experience and " B have decided that as more than oneinmates of the Asylum are women, four ladies. on a committee of sixteen to be attended with beneficial resn • stance Stone, Lilian Alexander, Mrs. Press have been nominated. '°es a,|jfH people will acknowledge, are better ! ,■ most men to see that the material w peoplo are properly looked after, eU H !>heBc<™. tier old late huslonf» ^nd of Vics a young cCrae, of the late c funeral le arrived •Cole was telbourne ■lends at ler pleabored by . Wardeducated iniscences to Ausinecdotea d met in 3ott, Prorvingand ion of an " bonnie i in Vicid a visit id for a lea of .her r adopted She was pe of the tlewoman wo of her rae, of the me of the known in week lias >ung girl, , was .out V close to g quietly ;he river's the .boat for assistled out to It was drowning ho is. said y, was on Footed by ig—which rred this affection, 5 to Mrs. ar death i deeply ised lady had made work of i know is a wealthy the. broad ae Alfred njured by ung man charming ses in an , ent of the handsome i daintiest rnt, I am > marking is as true m Streets, trifle in e loud in h heartily I term-of i charity, nt in the a popular lg the old lit; for it atly true tragedy t Railway histrionic ors — an isy with As the the only a special ra supply ■ders and ? papers. 1 bonanza the only I Yours affectionately, STKJjLA. 