CHAPTER LXV.-TIIE HAUNTED FORT. The two who had met on the mountain were riding along as they spoke, the man leading the way. They went for about a mile along the range, and then descended by. a steep trail into a shel tired valley. A hut of stones had been built there against the cliff, and a log cabin was but a few yards away. The snow. had not remained upon the valley as it fell, it being so warmly shel tered, and grass was on the lowlands, and, in fact, there were signs of the soil having been cultivated and crops raised. The log cabin had two rooms in it, and one of them the young girl entered, while the man turned the horses loose in the meadowland, and caught four other fine animals that were grazing there. Upon two of these he put his own and his sister's saddle, his being covered with the ghostly-looking robe. "I am ready, brother, and have here the things you said I must carry;" and she displayed a large bag well filled, a roll of blankets, and some cooking uten sils, all of which the man packed away in a saddle-pack, which-he put upon one of the led horses. "I will soon'join," he said; and he.ran into the cubin, and after a few minutes returned and mounted his horse:.-The young girl was already in the saddle awaiting him. Whien they were well on their 'ay, the young man said: "I promised to tell you a secret, sis ter?" "Yes." "When you saved my life, and the Monarch brought me to this retreat I could not understand why he was so ready and willing to spare me and adopt me as his son. It is true that I once saved his life from men who would have hanged him, but now I know that he had a deeper motive." 'WVhat was it, brother?" "The reason that caused him to try and make you believe that he was your father. He has been our worst enemy, sister, as I will prove tb you." "That man tore us from our home, and though I escaped him, you he kept an eye on. After a while he brought you to these wilds, and made you play ghost for him to keep Indians and hunters out of tllese mountains, while he hunted for a treasure here. "We know that he was aware that the command of Major Gunnison came upon a secret camp of miners, or rather their skeleton forms, and that they had with them a great quantity of gold that had been dug in these mountains. It was supposed that.Major Gunnison was mas sacred.with hlls men by the Mormons; but you have told me how you, too, es caiped from this man, and putting - on boy's clothes,.became a drummer-boy in the army, no one suspecting your sex. "You have told me how you accom panied the Gunnison party as bugler and drummer-boy, and that the Indians attacked and massacred them one night in a fort they had built to protect them selves during the winter. They had subsisted on their horses for a long time, and then, when all were weak and suff ering, the Indians attacked them, and you alone escaped-through the mercy of a renegade white man who was with them. "He took you with him to the Indian camp, then to the mines, where he was killed one day by the Monarch, who re cognised you, and again became your guardian. le heard your story, and brought you here, hoping you could guide him to the treasure of the miners which the, soldiers had hidden at the time they built thefort. -' "hat you could not;flind the pot, as you pretended, the Monarch . believes, but he keeps up the search persistently, and has me aiding him; as he believes. ' "Now we know .that the fort is there, filled with its skeleton gar-ison, but where Major Gunnison hid the treasure we do not know, and cannot find, so let it go:, but we can guide Colonel Cody to the spot, and the soldiers of Colonel Ferris can bury) the dead. ';When you' paved' me .nature 'must have prompted It, and whin you recog nised on my bare arm .the crest: our father pricked there with India ink; and 'revealing your arm showed that.you had the same brand; the past came back to us, and we ,knewthat we were brother and sister separated years ago. Now, Zullia, my secret is that I have found our father." (To be concluded next week.) 