A FAITHFUL TRAITOR. CHAP PEll XIV. ' It will be all right when I see Dick,'^ Antony snirl to hiuis&lF;, as ho alighted nt the littlo station and began striding through tho village to the big gates and broad park that surrounded the old gray stone house of Speede. 'Perhaps ho was too worried to think of what lie was writing, or ho had no tune to ohooso Ins words. I cannot boliovo ho would have written like that unless he had been annoyed with nie ; nnd, ns I am itiuo ent of having done anything to vex l«m, it. must have been some other worry hat upset hini. He might havo sent just one word about himself, though,' the young fellow mused, as he walked rapidly along tho conn try road, that was already hot and dusty in the morning sunshine. But tliore — I will stop think ing about it ! Tlie more I bother myself abont the affair the less I understand it. I must wait till I see Dick, and hear from him what is wrong.' 'To' put aside all thought of Saville, however, was not so easily accomplished, for .remembrance of Elizabeth and all the sweet pathetic interest attaching to her meant remembrance of Mr. Saville also, nnd of the curious will which had so suddenly associated Mrs. Latimar's inheritor with the future of her grand child. It was odd how the recollection seemed to jar upon Antony Peile. The girl had not even referred to the man to whom tlie dead old woman would have bequeathed hor, with as little thought for her proud young heart as she had had for her goods and chattels ; but Antotiy conld easily conjure up the true and painful meaning of such a position to a nature like Elizabeth's. He won dered, in a dreamy peturbed way, what attitude Richard Saville would adopt to- warcls the girl whose place lie had nsiirped, albeit unconsciously, and whose quiet proud decision to choose a life of poverty and struggle, rather than allow iier heart and beauty to be trafficked with,, was an expression of her determine ation to put an end to so ohjectionahle an arrangement, once arid for ever. On the previous night Antony had not hesi tated to give his adopted brother the fullest, truest sympathy for the untoward circumstances that had placed him in a position so fraught with annoyance; and on this day lie still gave that sym pathy ;; but his deepest feelings were for Elizabeth. He tried to realise the shock that must liave come to her when she learned that the home she had chosen was in such close proximity to his own. He- began wondering,, in a half-nervous way, whether- Elizabeth would' carry out her- decisiou*. now that she knew this ; and lie wondered also if it could havo been chance alone that led old Mrs. Latimar to-dictate'so harsh an alterna tive. 1 ' It has- been, done on purpose,' he said}, as lie reached the gates and high walls of Speede,. and passed through a smaller; gate into the grounds ? '-it is all part and parcel of her first scheme. For some reason or other she- desired the marriage ; and she provided this second arrangement so that time and circum stances- might help to bring it about all v the- same;'' , His- footsteps quickened as this idea formed itself in- his mind. The pleasure e-voked so readily by his drean* of mak ing: Elizabeth's future a. little happier faded away completely in the presence of this- last thought. He was conscious of: a. sharp puin for the- girl's troubled pride- iu; discovering the tnulh Ho- re- membered 'now that she- had been- very silent when lie had spoken so euthusi cally. about his home,, and that her face had worn an- added touch of pallor and anxiety when . they parted. ' He could not, of course,. discern all her difficulties iu connection, with this new position, but he saw enough to make him suddenly experience- a. strong; feeling of anger against the dead old woman who had ? brought about all. those troubles. He found; ' himself/' nmsiiig- in- an- uneasy fashion. and' onco he- awoke siiddenly to.the-consciousness-tliat ho- was judging Richard Saville ratlior harshly. '?Dick should nevei have permitted such- ai will to-be-draivn. up,' he said to himselfl. '-Being; so- intimate a friend and adviser of the old woman's,, it was surely his-duty to-iiiake proper provision for Miss- DrnrOi. The whole business is most regrettable; . It is more than an eccentric will — it is; a- very cruel and a very unfair; one.- Dick — — Antony Peile cheekedithe '?urrent of- his thoughts, and a- flhsli' passed- over' Iiis; face ; ho suddenly, slackened' his- pace. 'Hold hard, old: fellow, lie- said to himself, ' this Ts scaieely- fUir play. I am con demning: Dick- without -a hearing. He ought,. iiiMiiy eyes,, to ? stand-a little hit better- tliaii' that.- Of course lie- could not have- -'Known what was passing, in thct funny old- creature's-' mind.. Though I aur slightly out of touch with him for some reason, or other,. £ ought to-leave such thoughts- to- others; who do not know. him- as- well' as- I: do; Feo-iuny turn against him;; but there must be -much' more- than' this sort of thing to make mo believe Dick- to-be less-wise or good than I have alw.iys-consiileretl him to be.'- -,i , , He. brushed liis ey'es; anil brow with his handr— hiy. had' taken- off. his hat* as' ho walked ahing.. [fuili'r ihe leafy cmi opy of the giant trees-it wiis-delightfnlly cool, fie was papsiiig through iiiraveiiiie of green ..shade, - with a distant view of the ; house bathed in- sunshine heyonil. Antony sighed' once or twiee as hi' sauntered on. f'l'e wa* fi-eling very tiled and dispirited ;\ nevi'i theless,. n- so/ithing influence; liorn of the- absolute quietness mill the silininiT peace llint 'hung about his old home, stuli* sufily ninl tenderly to hiin. Look which way he- might,, the place wris fraught with happy .memories of his bright sunny boyhood ; trouble and he' bad' never bean, companions iu 1 ?! is well-beloved spot. The shadow that walked so persistently with him in the world beyond seemed to dwindle and ?Vanish b'eheatli this ' healing' touch'- of ; home and happy memories. Tu a ' dre, -nil-like way lie imagined himself back in tho pn-t. delighting in the long, clear, , -sunny days, when life hmj sdiijc new joy in each hour that came, and the fwturo was full of brightness nnd hope. The nvoliUO of shade was coming to an end now, and Antony suddenly mvoko from his reverie. Just bafovehim, step ping briskly out of tho house, evidently bound Tor a walk in the (lower gardens, was a round, dumpy little woman, in a black-and-white rcottoii gown ; a broad mushroom-shaped hat was on her head, and a largo flat basket, in which gleamed a, gigantic pair of scissors, was slung on hor arm. A sudden warmth, a rush of strong leehng that was almost Happiness, cauie to Antony at sight of tho brisk, plump little figure. Hero was one whoso love could never fail, whoso hand could never hurt. 'Now to givo hor a delightful sur prise ! ' he said to himself-;, nnd tho slight color rushed back to his face as ?ho prepared himself for the. tender at tentions that would instantly be lavished upon him. ' She will scream, of course, and drop her basket, dear old soul ! ' he added, with a smile, as ho put his hands .up to his mouth and gave. a lusty shout. Miss Peile did exactly as he had fore told ; she dropped her basket, stood and peered from under her broad hat at the intruder in a comical sort of- way, (hen gave a littlo scream, and' camo hurrying across tho grass to meet him as fast as her legs would carry her. ' Oh, my blessed boy ! ' she cried, as Antony took her into his, arins and hugged her. ' What a start you gave me, to be sure ! You told me yesterday, you know, that you were not coming again for a week. Where have you come from .'now ? . And wliy didn't you let me know ? Have you walked from the station 2 And have you had any breakfast ? And, oh, my darling, what is the 'matter ?? You look so pale and tired ! Don't tell uie you are ill, my precious bird ! ' . Tony laughed — there- was- a- sound of relief in his laugh— as he walked back to the house with his arm round his aunt's shoulders. Her welcome and joy at seeing him — always sweet — had an added sweetness that morning. . ' I am not ill,, dear old love,' he said, cheerily. '?! am jhst a bit fagged, that's- all,, majiimy Bertha ; and when you have given me some coffee and I have had a snooze out under the trees T shall be as right as- ever again. Don't look at me so mournfully,, old love ! I am telling you the- truth— I give you my word I am !. ' Miss Peile nodded her head'. ' I. hate that nasty life of London,'' : she said. ' It never- did suit you, Tony. You look as if, you. had not been to sleep for. a week. I was not at all happy about' yon when you left me yesterday.. ' I wish,, my darling ' — | there- was- a. wistful, tone in the brisk ' voice now — -' that I could persiiade you to give up all this rushing about — for a little while,' at least ! : A week down hero in ? this -lovely summer weather would do- y.ou a. world of good,. Tony 'dJear!:'' '?A 'glimpse of you; mummy dear, does me more good even than the sum mer !.'. lie answered, gently and truth fully;, as they passed into (Imj house. Miss Peile pushed liini down into one of the many cosy chairs that were in the entrance-hall ; she took his hat and gloves,, and hovered about him lovingly. Her heart had been seized with a sudden' fear when she had glanced up into the pale handsome young face, that had so strained and haggard a look.' It was only, the ghost of her boy that smiled at her and hor fussy little ways';- and she had never- dreamed of the intense-pain such a realisation was likely to cause her. ' Now just sit- there, and don't dare : to move till I come back ! ' she ordered briskly,, hidiiig her anxiety as best she conld. She took off her mushroom hat, and rumpled, her close-cropped curly gray hair: '-The- morning papers are all on that table, my dear,' she said, re turning to put a cushion under his head, and stopping to put her lips softly to his brows ; ' but I don't want you to read-or to- do anything, Tuny- — only to rest and to get that tired look out of your eyes. How I wish you were my ; own. little Tony boy once. more L I ani not sure how that I- shall not treat you as if you were my baby again, and put you to bed for a whole week.' ' No coercion ! ' cried Tony, merrily, as she whisked away to order mure food to be prepared for hini- than ho could : possibFy eut in tln-ee meals-. He leaned back and closed' his eyes with a sigh ; the soft balmy air stole in and eased his aching head ; the very ' tic-tac ' sound of the old clock seemed to bo full of peace, of welcome, of rest. Hew long was it since such a delightful dreamy sensation had taken possession of him ? In this sunny, tranquil, famil iar corner of his old homo he was con tent to aecept si- sweet a moment with out question, without struggle, without uneasy regret. He had dropped into a- deep sleep when Miss Peile came hurrying back, from the kitchen, followed by a footman bearing a tray. Taking the things from the servant, she laid them noiselessly on a table, then sat down and looked at the face she loved, till hot tears blinded her and shut the vision out. The maternal instinct came, to her woman's heart at that instant, to warn her of approaching pain and trouble. Tony .might have laughed freely and played his part cleverly .for months, nnd she might have been'deceivcd as easily as he had desired she should be, had his senses always been on the alert ; but sleep could not hide the reality. It was the face of no blight, free-hearted young ''rutin that IJertha Peile was gazing at so yearningly through her tears ; thero was a story of suffering., of anxiety, -of grief, legibly written on Tony's features which no after-words could dispel nor any simula tion of merriment efface. To the Woman who had lovod him froiii hi- birth with all the fervour, the joy, pride, anil devotion of n' mother,, the recognition of so bittern truth was not far removed from the chilly anguish which- invariably accompanies the shadow of inexorable death.. It was indeed a kind ef death sho was looking upon— for what was there in- this haggard troubled man-to'i-emind her of the happy, mischiovous, liandsomo boy whom she parted from so reluctantly, a; year an 1 a lialf bpforj ? The- hopefulness and selfr encouragement that were so characteris tic of hor whispered fatigue, over strained strength, oven dissipation ; yet she knew all tho whilo that such ex planations did not. touch tho truth ; she ? was acutely conscious of tlidir futility. She had grown gray in her solf-olcetod service of ministering to tho grief of others ; her. life had boen spent in sym pathising with and comforting and giving sunshine to those to whom' the warmth of happiness and prosperity had been douied, and to whom suffering and sorrow were daily, hourly companions ;. yot now, face to faco with a trouble so near to herself, hor gentle, tender, cour ageous h-iart faltered, and the ready comfort she could shod brightly u,*.on others seemed to ilee from her altogether. Nevertheless sho quickly braced herself up to meet ? everything as bravely as possible. Sho must do something — but what ? Tho year aud-a half of absence had done more than merely separate her,- iu a physical sense, from her boy ; it had placed a chasm between the Tony that lmd gone from Speede so gaily and the Tony that had come back to- the old ! home,; after a long sojourn in other lands, so tired and worn and changed. 'If there is trouble, Richard will know, Richard must tell me,' she mused, - as she brushed away her tears. ' Per haps that is why ho has delayed coming to Speede. Oh, my boy, tny darling ! Thank lleavon that yon at least have come back to me I I used to rid you of your troubles in your baby days ; surely I shall be able to help you to face what ever trouble confronts you now, even if I am powerless to stand between it and your own heart I ' A moment later she was standing up, pouring out Uie coffee, anil speaking cheerily. Antony had awakened with a start, and his eyes had wandered about in a dazed sort of fashion, till full con sciousness had returned. It was an in describable joy to his old aunt to catch the smile from his lips again, and to listen to the merry nonsense he talked to.her as he ate and drank ; but she did not accept them at their old value, even though the pallor- and the cloud had vanished to 'n -great extent from his face now that he was awake. Her heart had received such a terrible- shock that she did not derive the comfort sho might have- done from such signs as this. 'I will make a point of seeing Rich ard as soon as possible,' she said over and over again to herself, as Tony ate and chatted on. 'Richard will know all, and he must tell me everything. Tony is our joint care ; and, if trouble has come to the boy, we must know what it is and be prepared to fight it for and with him. I will write to Richard this very day. And iF he cannot spare an hour to come and see me here, then,' Bertha Peile said to herself resolutely, ' I must take a journey up; to town and sae hini there instead.' * * * The sun had made a- slow golden course across the'' lawn 'rind gardens 6f' Speede ; the liouse'was in shadow now, and the/heat was dying away in a cool whispering breeze- that stirred the leaves of the trees ancl stole from the hearts of the flowers their treasured fragrance as it passed. Tea had been- brought out on to the lawn, and Antony had gravely drunk three cups just to please his ' mammy liertha,' and was- about to drink a fourth, when there came- a sound of wheels on the broad carriage-drive, and, as both Miss Peile-and' Tony turned at the sound, a dusty open fly came rolling swiftly round a corner, carrying a dainty little figure iu black, seated gracefully on its brown hollaud-covered cushions. Sir Antony sprang to his feet'. ' Feo, by all that's wonderful,' he- ex- claimed. ' Where on earth- does she spring from I' Then his hice-. suddenly grew crimson, for ho instantly remem bered the one and only reason which could account for his cousin's unexpected' ap pearance in tho- neighborhood of Speede that afternoon. ...... ' Feo ?' repeated- Miss Peile. ' Why, sif it, is! Well, this is a day of sur prises, as vou say, Tony !. I' wonder what — — ' Tho rest of the speech was lost on' Antony he had reached the fly, and, with his strong young arms; had/almost lifted Lady Feo froni its ample depths; The new arrival was as much aston ished to . see her- oousin^as- he had. been to see her 'Tony.' she cried. ' Tony— you here? I could not believe my eyes when I came round t he corner. I thought yon were aunt Bertha's last new young man. I am covered with dust. Did you over see such an object as I am ? Did you come down, this after noon, Tony? I sent yon1 a letter.'' Lady Feo paused, in her remarks- and queries- to embrace M iss Peile. most warmly. 'No — I won't have any tea, dear,' she said—'- I have jiist had some. I came to pay you only a flying visit, on my way back to the station. I have been- to- Little Stonebirry with Elizabeth Drtiro. You: 'know whom I mean — Gregory's cousin,' Lndy Feo explained to Miss Peile, ns she seated herself in the cosiost chair under the trees. ' I nevpr dreamed of meeting you here, Tony ! ' she added, as slid began beating the dust out; of her pretty black*, frock with her sunshade. Why did you not tell me. you were coming? Wo could all have travelled down together ; and yon might have made yourself useful to Elizabeth oi to me.'. 'I came away on the; spur of the moment,' Sir Antony said, hurriedly ; ' it was such a heavenly morning, it seemed a crime to spend it iii town. I had a sudden longing for Si/oede anil Aunt Bertha and the country ; so I started, nnd here 1 am.' , ' And here T want to- keep him, Fen,' Miss Peile interposed quickly. ' Al ready ho looks better than lie did this , morning';' but that is not saying very much.' Lady Feo's glance at her cousin was fraught with the anxiety that Iiiul already begun to ; trouble hor about him. He was smiling, however, and the color brought into. his face by his .companion's scrutiny had given him back for the moment so much of his old boyish happy look that both the, women felt reassured. ' J.'iil' alright,' Tony told his mint.. , ' Why don't you havo a go at Feo ? I am sure sho wants setting up as much as I do.' ' I am very tired ! ' ; Fuo confessed, and sho . gave a sigh. ' The Inst ..'few. days have been so trying ! Tony, of course- yoii have told Aunt Bertha all there is to tell Antony shook his bend, and answered —'No.' / ; ' , This was true. He liad jouriieyed down to Speede ; on pnrposo to put the' case of Illixaboth before his aunt, and claim her sympathy for the girl ; lie had been in his old; home more than half a day, and he had not found a suitable moment in which to refer to the' subject.. Somehow, at the last, he felt reluctant to mention it even to ono so tender and gentle and womanly as his aunt. He reflected that the- task lie had set him self was likely to clash with Elizabeth's sentiments about her new homo. Ho had not realised at first how great must have been the girl's pain over the events connected with her grandmother's will ; but in a very short time, as we know, Antony had given his truest sympathy to- Elizabeth in connection with this matter,, and it was this sympathy that j seemed to rise and check the words he would have spoken respecting herself and her future. Thus, though it was a sacrifice of real happiness, Antony had determined ho must keep silent. Others might mention her name and tell her story , to Bertha Peilo ; lie would say nothing, for it came to liitn suddenly that, were he to speak; a new gift of eloquence would illuminate all that he uttered respecting Elizabeth ; and, at the thought of the misconstruction' such elo ?qtience might give rise to, oven iu so simple a mind as his Aunt Bertha's, Tony's face flushed with a hot crimson flush that wiis' long in dying awav and he.said nothing — nothing of the will or of Richard Seville's inheritance. He did not even mention the name that already sounded like '''sweet mysterious music in his ear each lime lie heard it spoken. Lady Feo was amazed at his- — to her extraordinary reticence. 'You have been here a whole day, and yon have told aunt Bertha nothing' of what has happened 1 Well, you are a funny boy '. ' '?We have been talking over old times,' Miss Peile said, as she turned the heel of the gray worsted stocking sho was knitting. She was greatly re lieved ; Feo evidently noticed no great change in , Antony. ' What is this wonderful news, Feo dear ? Of course I know all , about old Mrs. Latimar's death. Gregory's cousin used to live with the old lady, I remember. Has she come to stay in Stonebury, Feo?' ' Yes — at a school.' Feo Latimar watched the -busy knitting-needles for an instant. 'I want yoi; to look after Elizabeth, aunt Bertha,' she said, after this slight pause ; and ''Tony's heart gave a leap of -pleasure as she spoke. ' ' TO BE CON'TIXUHT/; V .- 