? FINANCE AND TRADE. We should accept the Bill— 1\. Because its financial provisions are so f amed that the future fiscal policy of the Commonwealth; is left open for the people themselves ta decide. 2\. Because within two years after the es tablishment of the Commonwealth, uniform duties of customs must be imposed.' The trade between the colonies will bo absolutely free, and; as to the outside irade, goods im ported into one. State will be liable to the sameVduty as the same goods imported into another State,' 3\. 'Because of the amount of revenue de rived through customs and excise the. Com monwealth cnnnot spend more than one quarter, and must return the balance to the States. /-;-. \,\\\\\y- 4\. -Because the book- keeping provisions ensure that -a satisfactory record is kept of goods imported' into one State, and subse quently passing into another State, so that the, duty (if 'any) on such goods may' be credited to the State in whioh they are consumed.: ?; .? 5\. Because the power of the Common wealth Parliament extends to navigation, shipping, and State railways ; but in exer cising, thai? power the Commonwealth must not give preference to one State over another; nor must jt deprive the people of a State of the reasonable uso of rivers for wate. conser vation or irrigation. -6. Because, by the appointment of fche Into/state Commission, security is given that the provisions of the Constitution relating to trade and: commerce, and all laws made there under will be faithfully oarried out by a body of responsible and able men in whom there wiUjbe the greatest confidence. 7-: Because -'power is given under the con stitution to the federal parliament to take over' the; public debts of t«e States or a pro portion of such debts. 8\. Because whilst preferential or dis criminating railway rates are abolished, each State is allowed to impose any rate it pleases if the Inter- Stats Commission think it neces sary for the development of the State, and if it 'applies- equally to gooda within the State and goods coming from other States. jjt- jjnUUUstJ. tilt? j.uiiC7i -ofaiD \juiiiuiiaojL\Jii must remove one of the greatest obstacles to the legitimate expansion of New South Wales within her own borders. 10\. Because, the provisions regarding finance and trade are so framed as to afford an equitable rulee^sy of application to any com plication of circumstances that may arise. The debatipg power of the federation ists ia bo manifestly Buperior to that of the 'anli's' tha1; the' latter are losing around visibly. Mr. B. R. Wise may be said to have taken Newcastle and district simply by fforia and to have ' laid the ghost' of; the -enemy aa they candidly admit. Messrs. Ash ton, O'Sullivan an-! O'Reilly,; ML's.p.A., have had practical pfdof that tbey only misrepresent their constituphts. Such men aa Dr Edmunds, Dr.. Gnreu^and Mr. T. Eolin (all eminent members', of the Bar and distinguished University tnefi) are able lieutenants to the/aolid phalanx of debating power pre sented bf Messrs. Barton, O'Connor and Wise— a trio; that form a host in them selves. - -.5 X ?;„?.?. -? 