Cuban Wai*. If noth'ng more comes of the present war rumours they have been the cause of one good thing at least, that is the unmasking of the continental European governments as to their feeling towards the United States. The events of the last few weeks have fully developed that, beside England, the United States has no friend in all Europe, The anti-American and pro Spain movement emanates from anti-Semitic Austria. Germany as a matter :;f course hates and always has hated us says the 'Chicago Israelite' of March 19. Italy goes with the Dreibund, Russia concealed her auuiuiLiaLIUll iui an uciii(j-jl-xujr da HJllg do LliCll WaSllUpc that her intrigues could keep us inimical to her most ? dreaded foe, Great Britian. Now, however, that she finds, despite all of her efforts to prevent it, that the entente cordiale between America and England is growing warmer and stronger every day, she has thrown off the mask and is counseling with our enemies. France is of course of the same opinion as Russia^ of which; in all foreign affairs, she has become a mere appandage. However all of their diplomatic represen tations are mere words. Though these nations are apparently acting in concert there is no possibility of cohesion. They are all so deeply selfish that each distrusts the other. What the union amounts to was seen recently in the case of Crete and time and again in the affairs of Turkey. Whatever action the govern ment of our country may decide to take in regard to Cuba and Spain, it need not in the least regard what the Continental powers may think of it. The 'Catholic Review' makes thequery 'Are there ghosts?' the subject of a leading editorial and answers it in the affirmative. It says, however, that real ghosts are not very plentiful and concludes with a few words ? : of comfort to those to whom a sure enough spook should appear, as follows : -! If. however, a genuine srhost should appear to anv of us which after all is possible, to ask, perhaps, the assistance of our prayers, or otherwise to warn us, we need not feel the least alarm, particularly so if- our conscience be at peace with God, for no ghost, no spirit, no apparation, not even a fancy, can do us any. . harm or injury unless by God's permission.' Should any of our readers says the ' Israelite ' of April 9, see a ghost they would do well to bear this valuable assurance in mind. It is almost a truism 'to say that Mr' Wilson B.ir rett's acting is natural. ? that is his peculiarity Although it is the fashion for most actors to be quit the opposite— and that is why natural acting is to some a surprise—there are a. certain class of persons who tell us that exaggeration and a certain departure from a natural btandar-I, are necessary to complete dramatic impersonation. Hut it is only necessary to' point out that the greatest successes in the drama have invariably b:cn achieved, by those who. have con formed most exactly to the indications of nature. l i 