DEATH AND IMMORTALITY. [By the Rev. Lyman Abbott, D.D.] Coming; events cast their dark shadows before. At last the repeated prophecies of Christ were finding their way into the dis ciples' hearts, and they were beginning dimly to perceive the approaching passion of their Lord. He had told them that one of them should betray Him, that all should forsake Him, that one should deny Him: no wonder their hearts were troubled, no wonder they were afraid. It would seem as if He needed support; He who was to go out and wrestle with the strange anguish at Gethsemane; He who was to bear the shame and spitting in the court of Caiaphas; He who was to hear the revilings and the outcries of the very men whom He loved and had come to save; He who was ' to be crucified between the two thieves. But He did not ask for comfort—He gave it; and in this hour, when the shadows gathered darkly over the hearts of the dis ciples, He uttered these memorable words :— "Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid;;ye have faith in God, have faith also in Me." The heathen if they did believe in immor tality believed in a vague, shadowy, and un satisfying immortality. Homer makes the : dead Achilles say— I would be % A laborer on earth and serve for-hire Some man of mean estate, who makes scant cheer, Bather than reign overall whohave gone down To death. ; For the hade3 of the heathen was a shadowy abode in which there was neither voice, nor sight, nor life—only the mere shadow of a life, and the mere echo of a voice, and the dim pretence of a vision. Whether the_ Old Testa ment brought any clearer vision of immortality to light or not it is certain that the Jews' ordinary thought of hades hardly transcended that of the Greeks. Let me read one or two of their expressions. The first from J oh— "For there is hope of a tree, if it be cub down, that it will sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease. Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground; yet through the scent of water it will bnd and bring forth boughs like a plant. But man dieth, and wasteth away; yea. man giveth up the ghost, and where is he? As the waters fail from the sea, and the flood decayeth and drieth up; so man lieth down, and riseth.nob: till the heavens be no more, they shall not awake, nor he raised out of their sleep." How two expressions from. the Hebrew Psalter—one from the Sixth Psalm :— "For in death there is no remembrance of Thee: in;the grave who shall give Thee thanks 2" J And another from the Eighty-eighth Psalm -:— "Wilt Thou show wonders to the dead? shall the dead ariso_ and praise Thee ? Selah. Shall Thy loving kindness be declared in the frave? or Thy faithfulness in destruction? hall Tby wonders be known in the dark? and Thy righteousness in the land of forget fulness?" : Or, once more, to Isaiah—Hezekiah's prayer when he has been delivered from death :— "I said, I shall nob see the Lord, even the Lord, in the land of the living: I shall be hold man no more with the inhabitants of the world. Mine age is departed, and is re moved from me as a shepherd's tent: I have cut off like a weaver my life: He will cut me off with pining sick ness: from day oven to night wilt Thou make an end of me. . - • P°r the grave cannot praise Thee, death cannot celebrate Thee: they that go down into the pit cannot hope for Thy truth." / • , Still this old pagan conception of death comes back into our hearts and homes and lives. We are ever meeting it—sometimes a3 an affirmation, often as a questioning, and to this question and this affir mation, coming from the pagan or the Jew that is within us, Christ responds— _ Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid; ye have faith in God, have faith also in Me. In My Father's universe there are many dwelling-places; if it were not so would I have told yon that I go to prepare a place for yon ? But if I go and prepare a place for you I will como again and receive you unto Myself; that where I am, there ye may be also." . Consider for a moment the foundation of our faith. "Ye have faith in God, have faithin Me also." Jesus does not talk of immortality as Socrates talked—groping and hoping; He I does not talk as thepnilosophersof to-day talk giving arguments pro and con, weighing, con sidering, and balancing them; He'speaks as a witness—"In My Father's house are many I mansions. In My Father's universe are many dwelling-places." "I speak whereof I know. I Let me say to you frankly, my friends, I believe in immortality, because I think I | philosophy sustains it, and science sps ' tains it; and yet, after all, the faith j that I build up on philosophy and on science hardly beats the test which death. | brings. In that presence I come back to the | Faithful and True Witness, to the One who was neither deceiver nor deceived, who spoke, i I not what He thought, but what He knew—1 not as a philosopher, but as a revealer; and i 1 believe in Him and. in His witness. ; As when one lies down npon an operating- i couch, and the surgeon, about to administer! I the ether, stoops over the patient and says, "Do not be troubled, do not.be afraid. I have done this a thousand times. You will drop into unconsciousness for a few moments, then you will come hack again and you will not know what has happened to you, and you will suffer no twinge of pain "—so Christ stands by every bedside in the hour of the last releasing, and says to TTiq child, ''Bo not troubled, neither be afraid. I know you will drop into a moment of unconsciousness; you will awake i from that unconsciousness into the new life, and you will know nothing of the quick transi tion." Because I believe in Christ, because I am sure-He was no deceiver, and no enthusiast self-deceived, I believe His witness. I know it is a mystery. Do you think that the preacher does not feel the burden of that mystery sometimes, and wonder that God makes no clearer revelation of Himself, no clearer revelation of the life that lies beyond the curtain ? My fattier taught school hi Boston years ago, and when he had opened the school would often go out and leave the hun dred girls in the room without any teacher or , monitor, absolutely free to themselves, un watched, with neither promise of reward nor fear of penalty. For he-would test and see what kind of girls they were, that he might make true girls out of them. So, sometimes, when I long to see the door opened and my God appear, and long to have some clearer revelation of the life that lies beyond this schoolroom, then I like to think that God has left us a little while without a vision of Him, i with neither rod nor reward hung up before our eyes, that He may both test and see what manner of children we are, and that he may make out of us children of_ God, _who follow righteousness and eschew evil, not in tho hope of reward or fear of penalty, nor because we are watched and tended, hut because we are learning to love righteousness and hate evil. Consider, too, the nature of this faith thus founded on our faith in Christ. Not in heaven, My Father's house, are many dwelling-places —different mansions—as though it were one great city with ■ a number of palaces ; no, not that, but this—" The whole universe is My Father's house; there is no place in it anywhere that is not under His roof; there is no dungeon deep, no spot anywhere in all this unfathom able and illimitable universe that is not part I of My Father's house. _ And in this house of My Father's there is more than one dwelling-place." Oh, yon are wrong to think that this fair earth is the only dwelling-place He has ever made. It is all full of dwelling-1 places, abounding with innumerable life. So when to-day the soul, dumb with sorrow and ! darkened with the tears of grief, cries out again—"Mine eye mourneth. by reason of i affliction. ,v . . Wilt Thou show wonders I to the dead? Shall the dead arise and praise ' Thee ? . Shall Thy loving kindness be declared in the grave, or Thy faithfulness in destruc tion? Shall Thy wonders be known in the dark, and Thy righteousness in the land of forgetfulness?" the Christ answers—" There are no dead—there are only living; there is no land o£- destruction—only a land of eman cipation ; there is no dark—only the land of greater light; there is no forgetfulness— only the land of sweet, sacred memories. God's universe is full of dwelling-places, and when He who came to give life, and give it more abundantly, puts His hand upon the shoulder of His beloved and says "Come 1" He calls us, not to a land of darkness or forgetfulness or destruction or death, but to life and memory and emancipation and sweet fellowship. . And He ha3 gone to prepare a place there. He who is preparing us for our heaven is pre paring our heaven for us. Go out into the park on a summer day; look at all its beautiful verdure, its trees in all their varied beauty, its flowers in all their exquisite forms _ and fragrance. What a beautiful world this is, that in which we live on such a day, so full of sunshine and song ! But think I This is the prison; what will the palace be? This is the ocean steamer; what will the home be? This is the wilderness; what will the land of promise he ? If this is what God made for the schoolroom, I wonder what He has made for the home ! Sometimes I wish I knew, but on tho whole I am glad I do not. For I think I feel as once my children did about Christmas time. They would come, to me to ask, "What are we going to have for Christ mas?" And when I replied, "Do you really want to know ?" they would say, "No, no, we don't want to know. Tbey wanted a sur prise. And I am glad that, when that awak ing comes, I shall awake to a glad surprise. I could not know; even He could not tell me. " Eye hath not seen, ear hath not heard, it hath not entered into the imagination of the heart of man to conceive." Will yon under take to tell a little child studying the primer what is the glory of scholarship ? Will yon undertake to tell an Indian paddling his canoe what is the significance of an ocean steamer ? Will you undertake to tell the bulb in the ground what is the beauty of the tulip when it ha3 blossomed ? Better try that than try to tell to men that are grubs in the chrysalis what the glorious flight) in the sunlight will he. If this world is the chrysalis, what shall the sunshine and the flight become ? I do not know. I only know this—"It will ba_ so glorious in all outward beauty that the glorious things of this life will, seem insignificant in comparison; it will be so glorious that the gold; will he only fit for pavement beneath onr feet, and the pearls only fit for the outer gate of the city through which we have passed to enter in; so glorious that the very leaves on the trees will be for healing, and the very water of the river will be like blood in its life giving power." And yet I would not care for a place, if that were all. I want my friends; do not you ? Would you be happy in a palace as a stranger? Not long. Men ask one another often, "Do you believe in the recognition of friends in heaven 2" My answer is, " I cannot believe in heaven and not believe in the recognition of friends there; for there would . be no heaven if there were no recognition of friends." Whar does Paul mean when he says, "Faith and hope and love abide for ever ?" Love of the father, love of tho mother, love of the wife, love of the husband, love of the friend, with all the hungering desire of love, and nothing to satisfy -it 1 That would be hell, not heaven. And golden streets and pearly gates and songs of angels would not prevent the homesickness. I should want to return to earth again; would not you ? We shall be caught up together in the cloud. Or, if wo go one by one, it will be only to leave solitary for a little while those that re main behind. You remember that_ on the Mount of Transfiguration the disciples re cognised MoBes and Elijah. Do you suppose that Moses and Elijah did nob know each other? ■ " I go to prepare a place for yon." Did yon .no>er-thiB.ki;}hftt evej^deathioL-acdear'friend,] is Christ's preparing a place for you? You have a father, a mother, a brother^ a sister, a friend, a dear companion there waiting for you, and when your mystic steamer lands upon the other shore, and you, standing on the prow, look out on the Celestial City, you will see some familiar friends there waving to you, ready to greet you with kiss and with embrace. That is the way He prepares a place for us. And the death that fills your eyes with tears now is preparing loud buzzas and joyous song here after. "That where I am, there ye may be also." Where is He ? Asleep in the grave ? Dead in some shadowy Hades—or more living now than ever before ? Gone from us, or closer to our side than ever He was before? " Where I am, there ye may be also." Our Roman Catholic friends assure us there is a purgatory necessary to prepare us for the Celestial mansion. They believe they are right: but this I know—that if ever man needed purga tory to prepare him it was the penitent bri gand, and if the penitent brigand went to purgatory he found Christ there waiting for him; for Christ said, "This day shalt thou be with Me." For my part, I would rather be in purgatory with Christ, being prepared for something higher and better, than in any heaven my heart can conceive with Christ gone from it. And when I awake I shall awake satisfied. I shall awake to a nobler and a better service. I do not know what it is, and yet I cannot but think it will be the service of love, ministering to the loved ones upon the earth. "His angels are ministering ser vants." What better ministering servant can the child have than the mother? What better ministering servant the mother than the child ? They who have gone from us are with Him, and we are with Him, and so we are not far apart. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid; ye have faith in God, have faith also in Christ. In the Father's universe are many dwelling- places, and He who is pre paring you is preparing a place for you, populous with love, rich with satisfactions. What we call death is but an exodus, a going but from the land of bondage into the land of liberty, an unmooring, a breaking away from the wharf to which one is chained, and setting our white sails for the fresh breeze and the bright sun; an awakening from life's' troubled dream into the glories of the great, the eternal reality; a victory, a home-coming to the friends, to the Father, to the Christ; a coro nation—"I will give you a crown of righteous ness," and ye shall reign kings and priests unto God." " Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid." 