THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by carious natives of India, who live up among tbe flimnlajB njountBin*. These old men, it is stud, l-ave devoted Scores of years to (lie study of imtural Jaws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adeptp,' bs these queer Hindus are called, for tbe purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as (he bottom of a well. ' i can't see to read here,' said the visitor. ' Then we will have some liphi,' was the reply, and immedintely (tbe professor eays) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it n«d one strange quality — it cast not ike sUghleet shadow. This b story hard to believe, yet its troth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it hare no reason for doubt except that ell the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sni&ed; at the account of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tells him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : — ' In the spring of 1888,' writes our cor respondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. 1 felt low-spirited and out of eorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I bad pain end weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depres sion of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last 1 heard of Mother Seigel'e Syrup, and secured a eopply. After 1 had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it ueed, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel'e Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 161, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Jane 8th. IROftW Of i There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be veri fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witnesB, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be fonnd at his address, finally, there is nothing mystic or magi cal about Mother Seigel'e Curative Syrnp. It acts on the theory that most ailments are bat eytnptoms, forms, or phases of that uni versal disease— indigestion end dyepepeiA ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happioeBS over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast euch dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 