WILD EELES:" HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Daughter of Heth,' " A Princess of Thule," " Madcap Violet," " In Far Lochaber," "White Heather," "Stand Fast, CraSg-Roystou," "Highland Cousins," &c.; &c.; (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER h. (Continued.) And as ill-luck would have it, old Allan Macdonald's remembrance of his native strath proved to be only too accurate. "Surely, Lad, we should be about opposite Klnvaig House now ?" "Just down below us, father-out there in the open." Then the old man would have the carriage stopped, and would have the house minutely described to him the little square old building and its way, the modern wings with their bay windows, the background of shrubbery, and so forth. " I suppose there's no one about ?" ' "Not a soul, his son answered, desperately. " A singular thing now," the old man continued, " I fancied a moment or two ago I heard a sound of singing distant singing-" " Oh, that is quite a common delusion, when there's a wide space around you," Somerled rejoined instantly. " I've often seemed to hear that at sea. The fact is, the ear is quite as imaginative as the eye. It plays tricks. It bears imaginary music, just as the eye sees imaginary ghosts-" " Strange-strange," the old man said and he was evidently listening with the concentration peculiar to the blind, " I could almost swear that even now there is some kind of measured tapping like some musical instrument-" . "Father," said the younger man, affecting to laugh the matter away, i " your ear is too fanciful ; you'll bear the grass growing next-or Knight Roland blowing his magic horn. Go ahead, driver !" And for the moment that danger was escaped. But worse was in store. For as they descended from these lofty heights to Bridge of Kinvaig, and crossed the river, the solitary little inn came in view and here also there was an unwonted tumult. Two men, bare-headed and in shirt- sleeves, were out in the middle of the road, playing pitch-and-toss with half- crowns ; a third sat cross-legged on the gravel ; a fourth lay at full length on the long box used for holding fishing-rods and all of them were bowling bets at each other, and cursing each other with a cheerful lack of dis- crimination. Through these worthies a general family resemblance ran-short stature, heavy shoulders, hairless face, bullet head, and more or less broken nose and if they were too bulbous to be pugilists in proper training, pugilists of some? kind they undoubtedly were- | pugilists carousing, In fact, for there was a plentitude of tumblers about, and some half-empty champagne bottles stood ranged along the window-sill of the inn. Of course, of the landau drove up, the curiosity of this sorry crew overcame the prevailing clamour and in the temporary truce Somerled Macdonald hurried his father into the small Uosceliy-hoping that he had heard nothing. Fortunately the two travellers were able to secure a tiny back parlour to themselves and when the younger man had rung the bell and asked the servant lass to get ready what luncheon was procurable, he thought he would saunter out by himself to see what manner of persons these were who had invaded this remote Highland glen. They themselves were not likely to in form him, for as he paused on the threshold he discovered that a savage quarrel had by this time broken out, over the betting, so that the air was thick with oaths and asseverations and crimson adjectives. Indeed, they took the notice of him and so he strolled on towards the river ; he perceived that a man his father and he had passed on the way was now coming down to the bridge a decent-looking elderly man with whom he planned to have a few words. "I beg your pardon, but may I ask if you belong to these parts ?" he said to the newcomer. " I did, sir, until this morning," replied old Angus the fisherman. "I have been living in this state ever since I was a boy, but I am sent away now." " How is that ?" This younger Macdonald had a curiously direct way of speech, and straightforward eyes ; he had the air of one accustomed to govern men. The story was briefly told. " Her ladyship was asking me to stay," old Angus added, honestly. "But I am not wishing to make any quarrel." " And what are you going to do now ?" was the next abrupt question. "I'm going out west to Ben Cora," said the old gullies, in a quiet, resigned way. " My daughter is in service there, at the lodge. And she's a good class she will put up with me for a while, until I get a new place. But maybe maybe-I have been thinking I will be too far on in years to seek for a new place now." " You need not trouble yourself about that," said Somerled Macdonald, in his curt fashion. "And you need not trouble your daughter either. I will get you a new place, or its equivalent if you like to trust me." The old man looked bewildered ; he was not used to find good fortune drop from the skies. " Would the gentleman be telling me his name ?" he said, timidly. " My name ? Oh, that's nothing. I dare say you never heard of me. But you've heard of my father, no doubt. He ought to be known in this district. You've heard of Mr. Allan Macdonald, of Canada-" " Him that was sending the free passes ?" "The same. Well, he is my father. And he is in the inn There. Come along and see him I shouldn't wonder if you and he had many recollections in common, of former days and the old people. Then we'll get a bit of something to eat and you'll drive back with us to Iuvergarva and to-morrow you'll go on with us to Invernish. I suppose there are several of the Kinvaig Macdonalds in Invernish ?" " Oh, yes, that, sir." "And you wouldn't mind living in a town ? If you were to get some employment in Invernish you would feel yourself just as much at home there as here ?" " Far more, sir-far more. There's no home here for me now," answered old Angus. " Then set your mind at rest," said the younger man, in a kind of authoritative way-but perhaps his blindness was due to business habits and a long-ac- quired habit of saving every minute of time. " I'll get some place for you in Invernish, with not too heavy work and if you still crave for the riverside, you can have a turn at the Nish, on the free days, you know. So come along and see my father. But first of all, tell me, who are these men in the road- way there ?" "They're, the prize-fighters, sir, that his lordship keeps at the inn, was the reply, uttered in a low voice, so that no one could overhear. - " And in the evening they go down to the big house, to amuse the gentry." " God help us all,'.' said Somerled, half to himself, " I wonder how I am going to get my father out of this infernal den, without his suspecting anything ? And this is what has come to Glen- garra, and to the old home of the Mac- donald of Kinvaig !" They got through the brawling gang without molestation, and entered the little back parlour and greatly delighted was old Allan Macdonald to find a fel- low clansman who could remember the small thatchedrfcottage in which the tall teacher had taught his elementary class, five-and-forty years before. There were all sorts of reminiscences and eager questions and willing answers ; but ever and anon the home-corner from Canada would bring the talk back to the Bean-an-Tighearn and Miss Eelin, the mother and daughter who in a way represented the sentimental chieftain- ship of the Kinvaig Macdonalds. Were they approachable ladies ? They would not take it all if two strangers claim- ing to be of the clan-and hailing from a far country wished to call on them and pay their respects to them ? Or perhaps they would rather not be reminded of the proud position once held by their family ? They might resent intrusion ? Well, these were rather re- condite' questions for the old water bailiff, who, besides, with all a High- lander's caution, wTfs anxious not to commit himself and give offence ; but on one point old Angus was explicit enough. "There is not in all the Highlands," he said, " two ladies that are as kind as them ; I am sure of it. There is nothing they will not try to do for the poor people and the old people of Glen Parva : the sewing, and the knitting, and the sending of wool, and the buying of the stockings when they are made. And everyone knows it is not because they are rich, for it is many a day since the estate passed away from the family ; but the Beau-an-TSgheavn and Miss Eelin they will always be having a little help for anyone that is sick. And there is the parcels post nowadays they have not to come well. down from Inverness-" "But I suppose they sometimes pay the old place a visit ?" " Is it Kinvaig ?" said old Angus, in obvious surprise perhaps even in a kind of best way. " The Bean-an-Tighearn and Miss Eelin would not be coming near the big house now--" He stopped suddenly and then he said in an evasive manner : " When they are driving out from Invergarva to put flowers on the gravestone, mebbe there is not much time to get back to catch the evening steamer. And I am not thinking they are very well acquent with his lordship." " And when you were sent adrift this morning as my son tells me-had you no idea of turning to the Bean-an Tighearn for assistance of one kind or another ?" "While I have my two bands left to me," said Angus, with quiet dignity, "it is not me that would be troubling the Bean-an-Tigheam for anything ; she has plenty of others to look after." At this point luncheon was brought in and the servant-lass was bidden to set another place at table. But they could not persuade the old fisherman to sit down with them ; be said he would go into the kitchen and get a bite and he would be waiting outside for the gentlemen, if they were so kind as to think of taking him with them to the town of Invernish. When he had gone, the tall teacher said, proudly : " You see, Lad, I'm not quite forgotten in my native glen, even apart from the emigration business. And when we've finished luncheon, we'll just stroll down to the riverside, and wander along for a while, to find out if my memory serves. And if we were to get as far as Kinvaig House, I might chance to see his lord- ship. I'm sure it was only a bit of temper his dismissing the old gillie that has been water bailiff! for so many years." " Surely you're not going to beg that he should be taken back to the son said, indignantly. ' "Oh, well, no-no. He'll be better with you. a you have undertaken to look after him he'll discover he has got into safe bands. We'll merely take a stroll along the straths as far as Kinvaig House-" But at this point Somerled Macdonald broke out in desperation. " Father, you're not going anywhere near Kinvaig House and I'll tell you why I have been concealing the truth from you and it's better you should know It. You did hear music as we came by-the strumming of a banjo at least and there was a crowd of men and women on the lawn at Kinvaig, dancing and striking, and kicking their heels in the air most of them drunk, I should say, from the number of bottles on the table. And this very inn is the headquarters of a lot of prize- fighter and at this moment they're out at the front, bawling, blaspheming, and drinking, and gambling and they're maintained here by his lordship that they may amuse the ladies and gentlemen at the lodge. Pah, the whole place reeks with abominations-a sink of iniquity and if you want to have the Glengarva of your youth restored, why, you'll just have to buy the strath from end to end, and flood it down with carbolic acid, and clear out this mangy riff-raff, and bring back a few decent Highland folk, either from Invernish or from Ontario-" " What's this you're saying, Laddie ? Are ye out of your senses V" the older man cried, in bewilderment. So there had to be a more minute and detailed description ; but the refrain was ever the same " Buy back the glen, father-and sweep out that scum !" " Nana, lad." said the other, more quietly. "That's a scheme that springs quickly enough to a young brain like yours. It's nothing to you-you the great pioneer-the great railroad j king-to think of drafting a population here or there but such enterprises are not for me at my years-" "And who founded Kinvaig in Ontario ?" demanded his son. " That was a while ago-a while ago," he answered, absently. And then he said " Well, Somerled, if this is the state of affairs in Glengarva, we'd better quit. Let's go away back at once. Ring and send word to have the horses put to. So they prepared to leave, but they were not to be allowed to depart in peace. When they got outside, they found the landau awaiting them, and Angus Macdonald on the box beside the driver and they were about to cross the intervening few yards to enter the carriage, when one of the bullet headed bystanders called out : " You, there, Conky, give the bloomin' grant a drink !" The person called Corky, who had possessed himself of a bottle and glass for his own private use at once inter- posed between the blind man and the door of the landau. " Here y'are, sir !" and be thrust forward a half-filled glass. " No, thanks-no, thanks !" said Som- cried Macdonald, impatient and frown- ing, as be tried to guide his father into the carriage. But the crop-haired fool would not budge ; so there was nothing for it but to push him aside gently but firmly to push him aside. And in an instant peace had become war. " Who are you a-shoving' of, you-? You are a geman you ? I'll give you half-a- minute to take off your coat half-a-minute, neither more nor less, you-." And with that he dashed the bottle and glass on to the gravel, and came striding forward, not even allow- ing the thirty seconds of proffered truce. Now here was the problem to be solved. Given A, a perfectly pacific person, ignorant of fisticuffs, and B a professional bruiser, bent on furious fight : how is A to escape from the situation with any measure of safety ? The solution is simple, if A have sufficient nerve. All he has to do is suddenly, with his left hand, Ttrenatch off his hat or cap, and bring it violently down on B's face-and the man is not of woman born who can avoid flinging up both arms to guard himself against such an amazing attack at the same moment A drives his right fist into whatever portion of B's carcass is nearest him and the next second B is prone in the roadway, a doubled - up and amorphous heap. It is not, perhaps, an altogether sportsman- like manoeuvre ; but in certain circumstances it is distinctly legitimate and it is undoubtedly effective. On this occasion what happened, happened all in the twinkling of an eye and the broken-nosed bully went swinging into the gutter, where he lay with his elbows interclasped, like a monkey embracing a cocoanut. The strange thing was that his chums made no effort to take his part Nay, they jeered and scoffed at him. " Served him right, the -! Why didn't he let the german alone ? Come out or' there, Conky, or the horses'll be on the top of you !" " Somerled," said old Allan Macdonald, as they drove away, " what was all that about ?" " Oh, nothing, father, nothing," was the reply. " I thought I heard a man go down with a crash." " Oh, well-" and here Somerled Macdonald did smile a little-" perhaps he's thinking how be has got toothache but it isn't in the place where toothache is usually felt." (To be continued.) It is estimated that greater quantities of gold and silver have been sunk in the sea than are now in circulation in the whole world. 