J1 Sporting) Gossip. By the " SPECIALGOHMISSIONEB," "FLATTERING" HANDICAPS. The Exportation of Race- hOljses. The Powers of Country Stewards. Three colts trained by P. T. Heywood — Gleu Albyn, Dawdler, and Westward Ho — were gelded last week by Mr. AV. Allan, .of Kirk's Bazaar. One of the English professional crick eters was "rung in " a match out Caul- field way a week cr two ago, hut, very much to his surprise, was cleaned bowled by a mere boy before he had scored. Some of the Caulfield boys arc pretty good with the leather, whether it takes tho sli&pc; of a cricket ball or a pair of reins. The first big handicap of the season, the Lincolnshire Handicap, will be de cided in the old country to-day. Merman is an acceptor, but when. the mail' left, tho; Australian ivas very tittle fuuricd, St. David II. being in more request than his stable companion. Carrying I3sl,Ebor ran nowhere in tho Nottinghamshire Steeplechase, of 252 sovs, two miles, on 7th February. There ,-wcrc lu starters, and Ebor was fourth favorite nt 8 lo L There was a fall of snow in the morning, and the going was decidedly heavy, "When racing ill Aus tralia Ebor always performed indifferently iuwud. Mr, W. Leonard left for England last week oil a woll-cnrucd holiday. Tho energetic and popular V.R.C. committee man will probably rcHch home in time to witness Kcwhnvcn debut on the English turf. Britomartc was boju io Adelaide by steamer hist bntimlny. BaUnlitin. ac companied probably by the hurdleraccr, Fat, will leave Caulfield for lfandv/ick in a few days. Bntioliou is in gvent buckle, and should bold hi own in llirw.t.u. events. It has not yet been decided whether the chestnut will ran in Die Cup or not. Referring to Gnl way's win at Kemptoii Park last month, the " Sportsman " says : — "Golwuy, an Australian- bred horse, bv Boolka out of Bridget, made his first public appearance over fences in this country in llic Stewards' Steeplechase yesterday, and he signalised it By a' Decidedly Good Per formance. He was not greatly fancied, but his two opponents, Goldfish and Sheriff Hutton, had no chance with him, and lie won in a canter after making practically all the running. Iu Gahvay Mr. Spencer Gollan possesses a powerful, good-looking horse, and as he evidently stays well, ho is probably destined to make a bigger mark than he did yesterday." Galway's, pedigree, it will be noticed, is incorrectly given. Galway was got by Boolka front Titara, not Bridget, who was the dam of Boolka. Country stewards— and some of their town brethren, for that matter — arc not, as a rule, appointed for tho know ledge of turf matters they possess. Their qualifications are rather of the social description. 44 A jolly good fellow " is generally preferred to the turf expert, if the latter docs not combine both qualities in his ' -person. The result is that jlpcifiions sometimes given jby np-country stewards arc by no means In accordance with the precepts of the V.R.C. Lail week, for instance, the Beech worth stewards disqualified a win ner because his jockey was unlicensed, and gave Die race to the second horse. By so doing They Clearly Exceeded Their Powers. The V.R.C. rule bearing on the subject reads: — "Any person who shall know- ingly employ au unlicensed jockey or rider, or a jockey or rider who is sus pended or disqualified under these rules, may be fined or disqualified by tho stewards or committee," The person "knowingly" employing an unlicensed jockey may bo disqualified, but. it will be notod, nothing is said about disqualifying a winning horso. nor, I venture to say. was there ever any inten tion of such a procedure being curried out. Iu fact, as far as I can discover, there is nothing in the V.R.C. rules to warrant the Bccchworih stewards in their action — that is, if the case was cor rectly reported in the papers. Another somewhat questionable deci sion was that given last Friday by the Gisbomc stewards. Revenge won Die Macedon Plate, but was objected to by the owner of Pilot Fish ou the grounds that the rider of the winner had forced Pilot Fish inside a post. The stewards thereupon disqualified Re venge, and awarded the race to the second horse, Grace, who bad not been interfered with in any way. In this case (which ' the V.R.C. has been called upon to review) the stewards have acted on the strict letter of tbe rule bearing on iho subject, but it is doubtful whether it was intended to apply to such a case as this. It hardly appears equit able that backers of Grace, Who was FaiHy Beaten, should win their moucy, and. that backers of Revenge should lose. Jf the stewards were satisfied that Pilot Fish bad bccu put inside a post through the foul riding of Revenge's jockey, Severe Punishment Should Have Been Dealt Out to the Offender, but the innocent should not have been made to suffer with the guilty. The rule reads ihusly: — 41 If. in runniug for any race, the jockey or rider of any horse shall cross, jostle, strike, iuU-iicrc with, or liinder any other horse, or the jockey or rider thereof- such first-meutioncd jockey or rider, and the horse lie is riding, aud every other horse belonging to the s<uuo owner running in the same race, may be disqualified from winning the race.'' Although our Mews with regard to Turf matters, as a rule, coincide, there is one subject ou which I bog to differ from my respected collaborated. 44 Reginald." He is strongly opposed to the exportation of ourraceborses. lm not. "Reginald" looks upon the expatriation of Treutou, Ncwhaven, and as a national loss, but I totmly" fail lo see it in that light. True, tho presence of Ncwhaven (iho only w.La. horse of ours at present in England, for Mer man or Maluma certainly would not come uudcr that category) would have added a slight iutorcst to Die recent Autumn meetings, but against this must be considered the groat good which will accrue to Australian owners and breeders should Newhaven prove a success in the old country. In my humble opinion there is just as much (or as little) reason for de crying the export of Australiaubuftfer, fruit, mutton or other produce as there is for deploring the sale to English buyers of our racehorses, just as we can produce moro mutton onj butter than is required for local consumption, so does the Supply of Thoroughbreds Ex ceed thp Local Demand. Breeders havcrdiseovcred tbis lo their cost. One after the other breeders have given upthefiduslry, because they found it didn't j? pay to raise high-class blood stop. THoweter, with "foreign" buyers cdhapeting -for cur -racehorses. breeders will have more encouragement in Die 'future, and local racing men can afford to givo better prices for yearlings when they know.that, should the young- st era turn out well, high figures can be obtained for them in England or India. Australia, with its genial climate, is essen tially a horse-rearing country, and there is no reason why wc should not supply not only the English markets, but the Con tinental o.s well. Notwithstanding the sale of Trenton. Carbine, and Co., we still have a great many high-class stal lions aud brood marcs — enough to pro duce considerably more racehorses than the Australian market alono can as similate. Besides, the opponents of the export trade appear to forget that, for every 44 crack " siro that has left Australasia the last year or so, at least two have been im ported in Ills piftce, so that iu reality we are only exchanging strains with Eng land.. During the past five years We Have Imported no less than 23 Stallions, inducting highly-bred ones like Bill of Portland (St. Simon — Electric Light), Giguu- (at. Simon — Donceaway). Gold Reef (Bend Or — Crucible), Grafton (Galopiu — Maid Marion), Haul Briou (St. Simon — Bonnie Las sie), Positano (St. Simon — Ponza), Roland (Pcro Gomez — Brown Agnes), Sandhurst (Bondigo — Engagement), Scaton Dclaval (Melton — Rosodale), Soull (St. Simon — Bcauhamaifi), Voyou (Bcndigo — Barloywaler), and Yardley (Sterling— Giaclu). After glancing through this formidable list, who will venture to say that Australasia cannot afford to loe a few of her owu breeding"? The equine hero of the week was un doubtedly Cabin Boy, who carried off tho Kyr.oLu Cup on Thursday, aud the Men- time Handicap on SHtut'dry. On each occasum the Go'/o gelding won v.uh con summate ease. He carried I'st 121b suid Ui'oe hacks of his field at Mcntone. but ut ihe latter place there wore one or two starters that were not seen at their host by any means. At Kyncton. on iho other baud, the niuc Flatters lor the Cup were all genuinely backed, yet none of llicin had a chance with the V.R.C. Si. Legcr winner. Cabin Boy is trained by Harry Roberts, and will probably be sent to Singapore by and bye. That ''flattering" handicaps, as they are cnllcd, arc not conducive to big fields wc had an exemplification last week. There were thirty-six horses handicapped for the Eyuctou Cup, and tho Nineteen Lowest Weights were Scratched. In flattering handicaps members of tho Ost division haven't a ghost of a chance with the middle and top weights, as a rule. For instance, a fair performer like Eiridsforde would probably be handicapped to give moderates like Day Dawn, Lady Rossinorc, aud Linda a stone and a half in a small suburban event, yet, com mencing an he did on a comparatively low scale with Ayrshire and M oonlyong, Mr. \Y. E. Dakin, perforce, could only plACQ; 7!b between the grey and the bottom weights at Kyneton. There isn't enough scope in a "4 flattering" handicap to weight all the horses on equal terms, | and for this reason such productions should be avoided as much as possible It is £ll very well to say thai a good honari.ohouldn't be crushed, but other pedjBc, as Well as the fortunate owner of j a erark performer, .fhonid be considered in ihe matter, besides, shod lurse takes some crushing, es Cabin Boy demonstrated when he cantered home with his Ost 7Jb at Mcntone. Thus Mr. Allison on Scientific Breeding:-— " I don't know whether mv readers liflvx? noticed what is to my mind a remarkable series of coincidences in 1 connection with this pedigree of Merman. J from which it can be proved to demon- ; stration that really careful students of breeding arrive at very similar conclu- stun without even Iiaving heard of one another ; and again, that they recognise a certain pedigree many years later as first-class, though the history of its making ! Jihs feupcd thorn. It has boon shown by 1 ;i letter of her late owner, published in | 1he ' Spoilsman,' that the groat granddam ! of Mcminn was mated with Lifeboat j tunny years ago by my advice. The next stop is that we find Mr. Bruce Lowe, of whose existence I was then unaware. « instrumental in purchasing the produce, ; Surf, and hitting her covered by Coltness j prior io taking her to Australia. Wc also ' find from the above letter that | Mr. Bruce Lowe Advised the i Mating of Seaweed with Monmouth, ! who was by Yatlcndon, dam by Stock- < well, and when she was subsequently mated with Grand Flaneur, by Yatten- \ don. dam hv Si. Albans (son of Stock- ! well), I discover the produce Merman, poor 35rucc Lowe being dead, and never having mentioned the mare to rue in his life ; and I say — Thii= is a marvellously well-brod horse : he ought to be bought : and he was bought accordingly. " There is no humbug about this, for the pedigree of Merman was published by me in the 'Sportsman ' in December. iSftfi. when I invited anyone who could to find a better. I do not. of course, wish to | suggest thai I had not other knowledge ! of the horse. That would be contrary to ' all I have ever tried to impress on my readers, vir.., that individual auimals must be first considered, but that granted such animals pass muster hi conformation, action, sounducss, aud constitution, pedi- ; grce is everytliing. A horse like Merman, j with Merman's pedigree, could not pos- i sibly be a bad one. hut were he by. say, . Peter, dam by Wild Oats, out of The > Golden Horn, it would be Any Imaginable Odds Against : His being of Any Use What- ; ever for Racing. I Merman is a pretty hard nut for the ! ignorant del ractors of scientific breeding , to craek. He was bred that way from his great graudam to himself, and he was bought that way with a view to the I Ccsarewilcb. There is nothing visionary \ or 4 empirical ' about winning the Cesarc- j witch when you have actually won it. To me there is no sport more amusing j than to establish by Accomplished facts = what imbecile mutton-heads arc still ; declaring to be ridiculous in theory." 