SOCIAL TO THE REV. J. LYALL. c a PRESENTATIONS TO. MR. AND MRS. LYALL. m n On Thursday evening a social was tendered to the Rev. J. jjyall, who has relinquished the c position of minister to tho Flinders-street h Presbyterian Church, which he had held for f forty years, and Mrs. Lyall. The Lecture i Hall, in which the gathering was held, was s well filled. Mr. W. P. Waller, President of wt the congregation, was in the chair. After the singing of a hymn, and prayer by the Rev..W. F. Main, r M The CHAIRMAN said only those who had' a been long acquainted with Mr. and Mrs. Lyall knew their true worth. In Mr. Lvail they had a conscientious man, and" in a Mrs. Lyall they had an id(5al pastor's wife. f It was pleasing for them to remember that the ties of esteem and affection which had s been built up during long years would not be sevorea, but after a few months they would l be back again in the Church to give them the od benefit of their valuable advice. (Anplause.) Mr. T. W T . FLKMISG stated that a letter of pology for his absence had been received W from the Right Hon. tbe Chief Justice, in tf which he wrote—"I am sorry indeed not to be able to be present at- the meeting to do i you honour and not to have the opportunity f bearing my testimony to your great services to the community as a minister and S s a citizen. Your name wiil always be onourably associated with the history of the University." Dr. Paton wrote—"There is no man among us who served his congregation nd his denomination with more conspicuous idelity, earnestness, and devotion' than he not to spoak of his services to the great causes f philanthropy and morality and religioa iu eneral. It is only the barast justice, morever, to say that m ail his efforts he has been bly and efficiently seconded and supported by Mrs Lyall. I am but uttering the sentiments of hundreds of outside friends when I ray that they may both be spared for rnanv days to come to accomplish—under new conitions, it may be—noble and abiding work for that Master whom they love so well." At the last meeting of the sessional congregation a committee was appointed to draw up a minute expressing, their feelings, and tho T t r v a W a t a t session who feel honoured in having beea ^ iated with Mr. Lynll as their Moderator for so many yearH in view of his retirement from the pastorate of the congregation desire to record their profound esteem for his personal character and work, their high appreciation of his long and faithful service as minister, their admiration of his wise, consistent, and sympathetic dealing with its members in their individual and family relationships, and their gratitude to God for the success which has attended his labours in securing that peace and harmony and progress which has characterized the congregation. They desire to assure him ot the deep-seated affection of his people, who recognise that he has ever been with them as one who rejoiced with those who do rejoice and wept with those who wept, bharing with them his sym- P ath y. counsel, and help in their earthly trials and directing them to the sure source of hope anti only object of faith. In his retirement tj, Gy very cordially wish him and his dear wif 3i for whom they desire to express tho very warmest esteem, the best of blessings, and pray that it may be their nrivilege to enjoy in their declining years the sensible tokens of the presence of the Divine Master they have so long and faithfully sorved, that their latter days may prove the brightest and happiest of their lives, and that their continued connection with the congregation, whose interests they have so much at heart, may ba to them a source of joy in seeing its continued prosperity and increasing usefulness in all departments of service." Mr. Lyall's long honourable career had made him a conspicuous citizen of the colony. When it was announced that Mr. Lyall intended to resign, it was felt that the declining years should be mado as comfortable and happy as the congregation could make them. Thanks to the generosity of some of the members that desire had been accomplished, and he now had the pleasure of handing Mr. Lyall trust-deeds of the Retiring Allowance Fund, which would show him that his material interests had not been uncared for, and that *he might, look forward with unconcern for some years of comfort and prosperity. (Applause.) Mr. D." MURRAY said he had been asked to make a presentation of an address and a tea . and collue service to Mrs. Lyall from the congregation. They owed an infinite debt of gratitude to Mrs. Liy&l;, who had been a wonderful helpmate to Mr. Lyall, and who lor the last forty years had been untiring in her efforts to help the congregation. The address, which was signed on behalf of all the organizations connected with the Church, was as follows:—"Dear Mrs. Lyall—In view of the approaching-retirement of Mr. Lyall from, the pastorate of the Flinders-street Presbyterian congregation .we, its members and adherents, cannot allow you to leave the Manse—always the scene of kindly welcomes and generous hospitalities—.without testifying to you the warm affection and high regard we • feel for and, hold you in. Words fail as adequately to express all we would, but permit us to say that in every good work and labour of lovo you have been tho true and efficient helper of your beloved husband during all the long years that are past, and have deservedly won and will always retain < the kindliest place in our affections. In all possible ways, alike in season and out of season, you. have endpavouted to the jiest interests of the congregation, and in connection with its different organizations havo been a most earnest and indefatigable worker. May we especially testify to the success of your efforts in the cause of .missions which has, we know, always been very dear to you. Wc rejoice that, although the semi-official tie between us is about to cease, you will continue to be one of us, and we ask your kindly acceptance of the accompanying gifts, which have been most willingly and cordially * contributed, as indicating in tangible form our desire to perpetuate the long link of connection which has existed so harmoniously be< tween you and us. To them we would add a small memento for Miss Lyall, or ' Bessie,'as we have been accustomed familiarly to call her, and, at the same time, express the hops that her long and patiently borne suffering' may in the good providence of God soon be a thing of the past. We pray that you and Mr. Lyall may long be spared to enjoy your well- earned rest that God will continue - to bless you bath and your family with rich and manifold blessings, and-that when the time comes for you to leave earth for Heaven an entrance shall be ministered unto yoa abundantly into the everlasting Kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." The Rev. J. LYALL, received with applause, after alluding with feeling to tbe parting from bis congregation and the Prosbytery, said.it was not always that saparations of that kind were characterized by such kindliness; and he had reason to be thankful that he parted from the congregation with feelings of mutual respect and affection. (Hear, hear.) The harmony between pastor and people had been unbroken throughout, and had been maintained to the last. He bad long intended that he not bo a burden to his congregation, nd that the moment^ he felt he was to effectively carry out his work be would set them free. He had thought that then be might be able to take a small country Now there was no thought of such a He had no expectation when the final stop was made nearly two years ago that such a handsome provision would be made for him. He was indeed thankful that the testimonial had taken the form it did, so that it prevented im being a permanent burden on thereonregation, by whom he had always been with respect and affection'. He never ould have agreed to that. (Applause.) Whp,t o him had always been a gratifying feature f his work was the fact that he was allowed erfect freedom in his pulpit utterances, hich, of course, he kept within the limits of he doctrines of the Church. (Hear, ear.) His wife deserved all that -had een said of her. She was the best woman n the world. (Applause.) She had done ood work by stealth, and she had blushed to ind it fame. It had cost her a lot to- leave er home, but she had never regretted it. Cheers.) His wife 'had done much mong the poor and suffering, and she bad een greatly aided in this work by the iberality of kind friends who had supplied er with means. -.There were some other atters outside tlie Church to which he ished to refer. One thing dealt with the ecret history of the University, and his conection, with" it. When Sir W, Hughes blade is-money he asked his advice as to how to ake use -of his great wealth. At tbat time here was not the" present perfect system o£ ducation, and Sir Walter was'at a loyi whether to • endow schools or start a niversity. He advised him that the niversity would be the right thing." la 8G8 a number of them were engaged in stablishing tho Uniou College, and Dr. efferis, and ho waited upon Sir W. W. Hughes for a grant to the Union College, and hat gentleman said that in a little while he ould give them £10,000 to do what he liked. fter tho interview he told Dr. Jefferis that t would be a.mistake to take such a large sum or a temporary institution, and he would ather see it used for a University. Dr. efferis had the honour of working out the dea, for he wentaway through ill-health, and hen lie returned the thing was in train. He ad had a great deal to do witb the city issions, and he found Mr. Berry to be the best issionary ho had ever mot. *He had also orked at Tanna, and nothing had toucbed im more on tho previous Tuesday than the ev. T. McMillan's statement that tho natives emembered him with affection. (Applause.) e looked forward with great interest to the rrival of his successor. He trusted he would ave a warm welcome, and would meet with enerous criticisms. He believed he would be ble to stand the. criticism. They had the est reason to expect a.firat-class man. He as a true man, who would maintain the ignity of a Christian pastor, and'who would uild up a congregation. He hoped his pastoate would be one of great success, and the ongregation, walking in tho fear of tbe Lord ud tho comfort of tho Holy Ghost, would be ultiplied. He tliauked them for the recogition of his daughter: (Applause.) The Rev. F. W. Cox, Ml A., spoke appreiatively of the valuable services Mr. Lyall ad rendered to the cause of Christianity and or the moral welfare of the colonv. He was n absolute hurmonv with the sentiment and pirit of what had taken placo, and he ished Mr., Mrs., and Miss Lyall godspeed in he rest of their life. The Rev. J. D. SUTHERLAND hoped that the emaining years of the life of Air., Mrs., and iss Lyall would be beautiful and chastened nd the harbinger of a still more glorious life. The Rev. R. S. CASF.LY spoke of the respect nd esteem which tho Methodist Church had or Mr. and Mrs. Lyall. The Rev. C." MANTJTORPE rejoiced in the pirit in which the separation bad taken place. The Ruv. J. T. RoJERTSOX said Mr. Lyall eft the Church with the respect and esteem f the whole Christian community and the eepest affection of those who knew him best. During the evening the choir, under Mr. . 11. Pybus, rendered several sacred selecions. Miss Wall sang "Ave Maria." Rereshments were handed round during an nterval. 