UOUNT&riNTELLlGENCE.; ? ' * '<* "? .. ; BLACK ibcKi- jnly 4. . We arG -enjg^mg pleasant weather now, $od:everythinjr;{wbeat wd* grass) ire com-. ing on ^len^iUj. , :rraObinQg: has been started by most of the farmers, to make tip :fc>r ,the last. three years, as manyfarmerS hot .table ^> plough a 8iiigfe'acre*of Th^re ;were several ? sharp frosts' .last week,.bat .we bad some nice paisty showers : afterwards.which. .keeps the grcmnd well moistened. . . .* To-day was the district council election, and great interest wastaken:ihit to secure the return of Mr. Kuerschner, an ._,old resident of near jEapund^at orie time. r Last week.was remarkable for accidents. Last Friday nigbt a young man in tbe em ploy of Mr. P. Smith came home from his Nackra farm with a team of four horses and a waggon, and on coming down some very^steep hill some . part of. the brake gave way and the horses started to bolt down the hill, which was about a half a mile long. The driver n&s; thrown o$ the shafts said received ft "very severe Wound on the bead. He lies in a very pre carious state, and the doctor has very, little hope of his recovery.- On Satnrday nigbt j a young lady (Miss Edson) went into her brother's room to do something to the blinds when , she knocked over a loaded gun, which was left standing in the zoom. The gun eoqrfoded and the charge wch t into the Toang lady's ankle and'foot and passed right along and put at. the toes.. The bones were shattered to a great extent, and Dr. Strongman had to take out several splinters. She is progressing favorably towards recovery. Last Friday the committee of the Orroroo show beld their meeting to appoint new officers and revise the prize-list.' The day for holding the next show was 'fixed for Wednesday, October 26, with the expecfa-. tion of a favorable season to niake the show a success, EUDUNDA, July 6. Yesterday afternoon three girls,' chil dren of Mrs. Hoepner, of near -Eudunda. were driving three horses in a German waggon. By some means they lost control of the team, which ran away and over turned the waggon. Two of the children were very much hurt, the third escaping with a few braises. They are. being attended to by Dr.Fiege, and are progress ing favorably.-;. At a magistrates' court, before Dr. Fiege, J.P., Hamatn Singh, a bawker, was changed by the police with cruelty to aq animal by working a horse that wassoffeiing from gore shoulders. 'Defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined 5s. and JOs. costs/ Now that the seeding operations aire over large quantities|of wood are being bEbtight in by ine farmers, " The beautiful weather experienced'for the last week is causing feed and crops to grow rapidly. T4 ELBE, July 6. The examination of the local school was conducted on Wednesday arid Thursday last by Inspector Pluinmer, when 91*6: per cent, was gained* The-children received their compulsory certificates. The inspector was very pleased indeed - with the .work done. A debate, " Should the Government Subsi dise Agricultural Societies," took place in connection with our literary soeiety oh Friday week. Mr. T. H. S. Ficolle led the affirmative, and with Messrs. 'H. Hill, S. Nock, and J. Hogan argued against Messrs^ J. Mcfnerney (leader), J. S, Brooks, O. Taylor, and D. Clarke. Qteat interest was taken in the debate by aTgood number pre sent, and when the vote was ^aken it was j declared" that the "Ayes" were the victors by a few votes. . .. MAREABEL, July 6. On Monday last confirmation was con ducted in Belvidere Church of England j by the Rev. Dr. Hatmer. "" The little ' church was crowded. The bishop addressed the young people on the necessity for consistent Christian life. He also addressed himself to the <slder , people whom it 'behoved, to set 'a good example to the younger. The bishop was assisted by the incumbent, the Rev. Mr. Perrin. We also had the pleasure of having the Sevs. fiussle and G, S. Hornabrook with us at the same time. \- Death has been busy and elaimed several about here lately-two out of the township ; and several in: the neighborhood. In i neither case old peoples-all in the prime of life, - We have had plenty of ram during the month of Jilne; in- fact, - more than was wanteds ' A good- deal of -wheat where the, .land lies low ie - gone ' out- of eight. The' f grbunSt ifcsofail of waiter 'that'it will not' -*carry a horse.For tbe past 'fetf days 'w6 have bad sice sunny weather that soon altered-- the appearance of the crops. I have noticed in some of the newspapers people say agood'harvest is assured. That" is- rather big talk. Maily things will happen between- this and next harvest. Only last year I was told that in the east they would have abundant crops; that* Was before some of the wheat was sown, but what a woeful tale afterwards. GILES'S CORNER, July 6. A social in connection with the Wesleyari Ohnrcb was held on Tuesdayevenintj last.* The Bev.C.T, Newman presided over a cor dial, free,and easy gatberingof about eighty persons. The chairman spqke in flowing terms of the'work which was beingdoneat Giles's Corner, andMr. J.? Caddy conveyed, greetings from the Kapunda Weglpyan Church. Mr, Arthur, senior ? circuit steward, alsogave a stirring address. Mr_ D. Clarke recited .A The* Destruction of Serinaclierib''a^d.tbe. "BnriajLof Mo^es" in: admirable sfcyje,. whilst 3fc.' GI ttoskings told'the story of." Pastor Breeze," so as to catch the. attention; of everyone., Mr. T. H. S. Nicolle " A Cornish Ghost. Story." Mr. D, Kelly sang *'Socked in the Cradle of the jDeep'' very picely, whilst Mr. S. B. Oats in hu .6onsp " He Wipes the Tear" and " Over Jordan's Stream," assisted in the latter, by Mr. Caiddy, won the sympathy of the audience, and was deservedly applauded. Misses M. Gray" and R. Clarke/sang " Sometiipp, Not Now, I'll Understand," eo that everybody under stood, and then everybody ' had ยง upper, and in the course of an hour orso lost their appetites. Games and friendly ch a.ts were also indulged in, and when the hour came for raying " Goodnight" everyone departed delighted, with the few,_ hoqrsspent at a fi rst-class >soci^ ^^Spec^ V|ne^ion mnst be xaada of two preaeatAtioai^ Which were marieby ^e inM^r ^orii behalf of Mr. E. W. Gray. .who^wKssgius^'tlie r^tilar attendance of Mjsa S.. .and Mr. Bell at his Young People's ClAsa, by pre. sentin#' them with a haiidsomte bible each. Mr, Bell had attendedfotty-aewfo times out of forty-mne,:and\Mis6-Arthur forty 'times, though the young lady had been iU a month with diphtheria..; . . 