MIURIEL'S ATONEMENT. By Clara Mulholland. I had been feeling far from wall for somp time. A sharp attack of influenza, follow d by a still sharper touch ot pneumonia, hud weakened v-nd depressetl me. Change of air and si-e&i;*, with pL-ntj of variety and amus - ment, was A^hoiuuly neci.-ssavy for m-,', thf (ioc«-or deciar- d. I' I diil not sat this som he feared the consequence--. 1 smiled sadly, and look-.d at my mother. ' We are nofc ric\ doctor. 5Iy father could not ali .nl to take us all aw y. an 1 to go smywhere alo.-e woull be 'o-- dretry' ' Mo-.t certainly, and not to be though ? of for a moment.' 'Th*n I mn-t stay at home, take my tonic, and hi»pe for lh« bost ' And I heaved a dae» tigh, little dreaming of tli a delighiiial invitation that was even i hen on its way to rm*. My ???other's cnly ^ist'r had m-xrricd a wealthy man without ba iness or profession. Tht-y had no c'li'dron, anl as they were both foiid of travel anl excitement, had no s ttlecl home. They wandered her.?, there, ani 'everywhere. And often for a year « r move we h.d n i idea whether they were iu'Eurcpe, Iridis, or America. Bight months ha'l now elapsed sitce, my aunt had last-written, and if was, therefore, with exlr me pka-'ure that I (ihy very day after the doctor's visii.) rec-vived a letter fiom her,, fomoun..'ing her arrival in London, bhe and Uncle Tom were tireJ of ro-iruing about, she ?aid, and had made up thei1.1. minds to stay in England for the next two or rhrpe years at least, and had rented a furnish^ house in Yorkshire, where they intended to reside as much as pof^s.ble. ' We are anxious for once to ?pond ,. hapuy .English Christmas,' si-: wi(-t'-, :- a- ;l have invited a number cf til nils to com; it) u; both before, for, auti aftrr that time. We are to have constant relays of visitors all through the winter, Our first, arrive on the eigi'th of Decemt-erj' so you muso'meet U3 on the Eevent'', and travel with us up to Civ eve ^all. I will expect jrou to stay all the lime, as I. must have i-omeone youiig and pretty to help me t'o enteftaiu my guests and mike things pleasant. So be Hire you come with out fliil, dearest Celia. Tell your parents, with my love, that they must do without you for one Christmas. ' ~ ' ' Your lovine, . u Aunt O-rry.' ' P.S. — Be sure you bring plenty of smart frocks, as wa shall be nvre'than gay. I en close cheque to cover a'l expenses.' This was dflightful. The rery thing I wanted, and inos*. joyfully I set. to, work to prepare for my visit. This, thanks to my aunt's generosity, X was abip to do in a ma^nificotic man»-;eT, and on the day men tioned by her I left the rectory witH a irous*eau,~foe like of which I never dre-med it possible to posters, and with which I was perfectly enchanted. The jour -ey'into Yorkshire was ac2om plishcd with ease and comfort, and my aun1 , under, and I arrive! at Cleeve Hull in excel lent time thit afternoon. WelookeH out eagyrly as we approached our rew aborle, and as we drove through the old wrughr-iron entrance gate, up a long ave/'ue, we w*-re filled with admiration. Cleeve Hall sto-.d in the midsr- of a fine park^-Bnd was surronnled upon all sides by noble oaks, tall limes, and stately waving firs. It was an i»r» guUrly built, but pio iuresque, mansion of red brick,- with large bay windows an I \vid-° balconies. The lawns were well laid out and planted with such a variety if beautiful evergreens that even in the dusk of a D-cember. afternoon the place did not look as desolate and d' e'iry as one would have expected. Inside, the house was luxurious, . ami was furnished -throughout with such excellent tatta that my aunt and uncle were delighted. That evening we dinpd alose, and, as -I was weary -xiid tired jifter nay journey and unusual excitement, 1 bade '? Good-night ' early a-.-.d retired to bed. My room was a curious one, and my feel ings upon entering it w^re not altogether sgreeable. 'J'hj bed, which stooi in an alcove, was draped with blue silk curtain.-; ; the walls were hung with tapestry of quaint design ; a large bow-window, very high from the ground, with a perfect staircase of steos leading up to it, oc-.- upied all one end ; whJst a handsome wardrobe' of inlaid satin wood filled up the other. Several coidl^s burned bright y upon the dressing-table, bu«. their light was not sufficient to illuminate the distant corurrs, and 1 grew somewhat nervous as ! peere-i in to' their unfathomable depth?. ' Gra.-deur is not always pleasant,' I .said with a shiver. ' I was more com fortable and happy in my own little poorly furnisbed room at home than in this fine chamber.' Then, laughing at myself for being so silly, I hurriedly made my preparations for t he night blew out th j cmdles, and crept into bed. For some time I lay watching the' firelight upon the walls and ceiling,, and' then a dr.twsy numbness stole over me,1 and 'I fell asleep. V- Buo all at once a noi-e like'ihe tapping or fluttering of a bird against the windows startled me, and I sat up agitate 1 and' op pressed. The room was now in complete darkness. The fire had died 'down in the eratt-. ; the window cartains were closely drawn. Then ' suddenly, out of 'the gloom, sur rounded by a halo of brilliant light, the figure of a young girl, clad in a simple white dnss, a blue ribbon round her waist, came gliding softly across the floor, and stood at the foot of my bed, gazing at me with sad, sweet appealing: eyes. I tried to speak to her, but my tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, and no sound came forth as I marvelled who she. could be, and how she had eriteied the room. The door was shut, the window fast bolted. But as I wondered her lips parted, and in a low .but distinct voice she wh spered : 'To-morrow you v/iil meet one who has suffered much. You will know him by his pa e, proud face and 'melancholy eyes. I destroyed his happiness — you must restore it. Belauds — be kind.'.' I gazed at her, .trembling, and tried to speak ; but ere I could reply her form faded, became shadowy, indisiinct, then vanished, -leaving the room in darkness as before. I felt sick and faint, A cold perspiration stood upon my brow, and I lay with dilated eyes stavind; into the gfioomy corners, afraid to mo.ve, afra-.d almost to b/eathe — wonder- ing who this strange visitant could be, and how she had managed to enter my room. ? Then gradually n..y terror subsided. It was one of : he servants playing a trick, or walking 'in her gleap, L told myself. She mu=,t hav3 entered by the duor whi st I slept;', 'To morrow I would complain to tne 'houselicepvr — aud better still, lock the door — and thin (.need have- no fear. A-itated find excited I tossed from side to side upon my pillow, the strange words I had just hjard ringing in. ray ears.' ^Itis absurd— :I will think of them no longer,' 1 cried. ' And I shall take good care never to bear them again. Agiriiiithe habit of sleep-walking should bo watched, and not allowed t.) wander at will through a ^house at night. I wi-h I dared met up and i follow. her, Bur,' shivering, 'I daie not I—.' ' .And then at last, utterly worn out, 1 fell asleep once more. Whtn I next awoke the morning sun was shining bri ,btjy in at the window. The curtairs had been drawn aside; my bath filled ; my walking dress laid ready upon a chair. My aunt's maid had evidently* been in, but had gone away without disturbing me. Surprised that 1 should have slept so soundly aud so long, I- spraug up and, dre:sing hurriedly, ran down to the dining room, where i. found my aunt, and uncle be ginning breakfast.. Aunt Carry and I spent a pleasant morn ing wandering over the old house, and many and curiou3 were the thifljrs it contained. ' This, now, is a charming room,' cried my aunt, leading the way into a small inner drawing-room. 'This I shall keep as my own particular sanctum.' It was a delightful little boudoir, panelled ia^wh'te wood, a wide Oriel window, and a finely-carved chimney pieca overed with exquisite old ciiina. Over the fireplace, framed into the wall, was a very beauti ully paiuted portrait, and L start-.d and trembled as Imet the sad'sAcefc eyes of;the -girl, who ha-1 appeartd so strangely af'the foot of my b.d, the night before.' ' Wny, child,' said Aunt Carry, ' one woul i think you u =d ?e'.:u a ghost, Thar, preuty. portiaii seems to alarm and fascinate vou. You 1 oVquire pale.' : ^ - '? Who is she 1' I gasped. -'* Does she live heie?' - 'Cert airdy not, and who she is I cannot tell you. Some ihiush'er ot the Louse. '6\rt we took the phice through an agent, and know nothing- ot the family, ana 1 .ok.-; Charming. I think.' ' ' Yes— very.' ? ' And this emoroidery. Celia— isn't it ex quisite? Anl t.his piece «'f -evre3 ? Oh 1 I must fetch 'i'.uii to look at. this.' And as my aunt went away to find her husband I saiik upon a chair, a.y eyes riveted upon the pic ture. Then he;iri-)g my aunt and uude re ? turning I escaped uost irs. Un. the fiisc lauding I met .Aunt Carry's maid. ' I have taken your things into a smaller and pleasautt-r room, v?iss Celia,' she siid. :- Your aunt thought thj one you slept in la^t night to big and gloomy.'7 'Ob, thank you,' I crii-d. And with a sigh of reliof I f Lowed Ler iuto a charming ?daintily furnished little roooj, looking out ? upon the fly wer garden'. '' I shall say nothing of what 1 saw or dreamt last night,' I de ciled, luo-ing rou^d me with pleasure. . ' I shall be happy' here and sleep peacefully. I hey mi'ht i'atigh aud jeer— perhaps tell the guests a3 !»hcy arrive — and - that t could not stand. 1 shall forget the whole thing as fast as I can.' At tea-time that afternoon a merry party gathered' together in th-3 old' oak-panelled hall, and I was duly pie=ented to the newly arrived visitors. When I had recovered from my fifst shy ness, i 1 oktd eagerly, anxiously round the room. The corapauy included perso.is of various ages. There were elderly matrons and their husbands, young girls, and several unmarried men. Eut not one corresponde i with the description given to me by my ghostly visitaut. There were dark meu-ari'i fair — many jovi-.l light-heaned fellows — and one or two with an nir of bl-ise dis onti-nc But nowhere did 1 see the ' pale proud face wi'.h melancholy . eyes.' Upon convincing myself of this I heaved a sigh of relief, and laughing at my folly in thinking seriously of what must have been a dream, I joined in the lively chatter that was going on around me. *'''' * That, evening 1 put on a pretty white silk, with a bunch of scarlet berries at my breast and ran do.vn to the drawing-room before dinner, feeling well pleased with mysell. 1 was looking quite jny best, and reflected with a satisfied smile that at all events my aunt would have no reason, to be ashamed of her nibce. ' My dear Cel'a, you really look charm ing,' was Aunt Carry's greeting as 1 entered. ;-Mr (;!ojing must take you in to dinner. ? And see ihat you are txtremelj nice to him.' 1 ' Air Goring, auntie. Who is he?' I cntd in astonishment. No one of. that name had as fi as I kh'.-w arrived that afternoon, and I could not think whona she meant. Hut at thi3 momen6'niy-a.unt had t attend to her .duties as hostess, and dropping into the 'background I btood watching our guests as . they came pouring in one after the other. But no one appeared whom I hud not te£n at tea-time, and 1 decided that auntie had 'made a mistake in the name, and meant one of f he gentlemen whom 1 nad already met. 'Quite satisfied with thiy'exglanatipa -of-her' wordy, I was talking to a. lively y*ung American lately arrived from New York, when I heard my uncle say : ' '? We are all assembled Carry.-, I trust they will not-kLep us waiting for dinner.' '.No, no. It is not time, dear.- And Mr G-oring ha3 not come down yet.' He arrived ?late.' ' Another gue^t.'.' Sly ( hands ' trembled, aud 1 let my tan shp'fronr my fingers. Mr B.trnes stooped to pick it up, and I looked quickly towards the do?r, which at that in stant opened to admit a. tall, spare, and extremely refined-looking man. He hurried across to my aunt with outstretched hand. ' I am so sorry and apologise profusely,' he said in a clear, sweet vo'ce. li But my train was late, and 1 did not arrive till after the diessinsr-bell had rung-. 1 trust you have not waited for me.' ' N,)t at all. You «re in excellent time, Mr Goriog,' said my aunt, smiling upoa him, and from he:r manner I saw at'otfee that this man was a favori e, ?? Celia, my dear, may 1 introduce you to Mr Goriug ?' Bhe con tinued, drawing me forward. ''Mr Goring — my niece, Miss Lindo.'1 He bowe I. and as I looked up and put my hand in his my heart stood still, and I trembled and grew cold as death. In the pale pr;ud face and handsome,' melancholy' eyes of Mr Gerald Goring, I felt sure I saw the man whom the apparition predicted I should meet, and to. whom she had beggj'd ' me to be kind. During dinner Mr Goring' did not prove a lively companion, and it was with a feeling of intense relief that I rose up ani followed the other ladies from the room. ' ' That night I slept jittle.- I was excited ? and ill at ease. When I put out the lights and gotinto bed I lay open-eyed and breath. - : less, hoping, fearing, dreading that the ap parition wouLi again show itself at the foot of my bed But it came not ' Perhaps the room mnkes a difference,' I said at last. ?? I hope so.' And i fell asleep. Next day. I. scarcely saw Mr Goring, as he starred early for the moors, and it was too dull and damp for the ladies to join the shooting party at luncheon. In the evening he did not sit near me at dinner, and as I .watched him surreptitiously fromXhefar end of the table, I noticed that he- spoke hue seldom, ard was absorbed aud preoccupied. ' The man has a sad story,' I reflected. ' I wonder what it is ? She said she had de'etroye d his happiness, and that I — ' ' You are looking at Goring, I see,' re marked my neighbor, Mr Barnes. 'Isn't he a melancholy fellow ? I wonder what's the matter ?' I started and blushed deeply. I was an noyed fo ba caught watching one of my aunt's guests, and the man's words irritated me. ' I guess he's not what one would call a ladies' mao,' he continued. ' He was quite lively on the moor-), but the moment we ap propched the house a cloud seemed to fall upon him.' ', . ' At the thought o£ facing the' ladies.' 'Perhaps. At all events iu the house ho is silent, depressed ; out of doors he is quite good comuany. Have you known him long ?'' 'Only since last night. My uncle and n.unt made his acquaintance at Monte Carlo two years ago. Ti«?y siy he was quite dif ferent there.' ' Then is must be the air of this old house that disagrees with him. Perhaps he has seen a ghost ?' . - ? ' A ghost !' I sank back wi h a little cry, as before me seemed to ri-e the shadowy phantom iu the white clinging dress ; and the Ead wnil of her voice rans? ouce more in my ears. ? ? ? ' I destroyed his happiness. You must re store it. I;« kind — be kind.' ' You aic ill, Mis§ Lindo. Take a little wine. The room is too hot,' cried Mr Barnes in much distrcs?. ? ' No, no. Please don't notice me, or at tract my aunt's attention. It is rather hot, but it is not that. . I—' ' I had no idea yon were so nervous.- It was foolish of me to talk about ghosts. ,andr,r of course, it's all nonsense.' '?'?'' ' ' Oh,' of coarse,' I cried,' Tecovcrmg' my self-possession. - ' It wts not — but see, my aunt is g^-ins?.'. ? Andlsprang glidlv to mv feet. '! he next day was one of brilliant sunshine and hard frost, so ware the thrpe succeeding days, and then the ica, being declaiel strong enough to bear, the younger members of the party set off together to en-joy a ievr honn' skating upon a lak?, in. a beautiful deme3ne some miles away. As I seated myself to put on my skates, Mr Goring suddenly appear* d at my- side. 'Allow me, ilisa tin-Jo,' he said smiling. b'ur^riscd be-yon I measure, I gave him my skates, and 1 could scirc -ly b^li ve my ryes yvhjn he went down upon one knee' b-'lore mo, and deftly fastened the strtip-. And when he sto-d up agun and a-kco sue to take a tun with him ruin - the lake I was stiil more astonished, and v^ry thankful that, having spent two winters in St Aloritz, 1 was by no hh ans a poor performer. Mr Oorir.s; wai an oxoellent skater, and as we skiuimed ligtitly ov^r the ice he i'ii bunt a-* he had nuver dons b'-fore. He was a d- lightful c mpaniofi, and as I glance 1 at, the -*le#w- ut handsome, features, the pale clear skiu, the short arisHicatio lip, and animated intelligen' fiioe, I marvelled more and more at ihr: gloom aud depression iiom wjuich he usudly suffered. After this t--e days L-w past in quick succession. The fine, frosty weather con tinued, --3id we spent most of our time upon the ice. Visifora came tiad went at Ciecve Ha'l, but (Jtr.tld Goring still lingered on ainong.it us. He talked fr- qnently of going, but was always per^a -'eu ',o pro'onj. his visit by my aunt and uncle, who appeared t'o have con ceived a strong affection for Km. Anl I? When he was n»ar I was bliss fully happy — when he wan.ieieil from my side and talked or vxa'kul with anyone else, I --felt envious and dissatisfied ; when he spoke of leaving in my;. soul whs filled with anguish. His s uile was more to me than anything in the world, its very rareness making it the more valuable. So the d.iys wore on, and on. Christmas Eve some of my friends and I went off to gether to decorate the village church. ' Many bands make light work,' and-in a short time our wreaths were bung, our plants aiul fl wcrs arranged to our tatisEac tion, and we wandered cut of the church amongst the o\\-l inois-grown graves. Presently I dv, pped behind, and, careless oE where 1 sat, sank down upon the grass bps de a pretty wh'te marble monument, and almost 'unconsciously I lead the short in scription : ? - Sacred to the Memory of Muriel. Aged Nineteen. 'Poor 'thing J How young,' I t&ighed.; ' But perhaps, after all, she was saved from a world of pain.' A hand was laid upon my shoulder, and looking up I saw Geriild Goring white and ?agitated standing before me. ' Come away,' he cried. ' Oh, come away.' I ro-e at once and followed him out of the chuich-yard, acd in silence we Btrolledaway across the lonely moorland. ' Mis3 Lindo,' he said after a time, ' how was.it you flame to sit near that grave?' ' I cannot tell. Chance I suppose. I felt tired, and sat down without looking where.' ' A dangerous thiug — a most dangerous thing to sit out of doors at this time of year; But do you— have you ever heard that girl's history '?' ~''No. I never saw or heard her same till now.' 'Ten years ago,' she said with emotion, ?' she and I were engaged to be married.' I started round, and looked with eyes full of pity into hr* pale, handsome face ; but 1 made ho remark. \- 'I loved Miuiei passionately, devotedly,' he continued. ' She was very lovely. A dainty little thing wifh eyes of the purest blue, and hair like spun-gold, growing all over her.' pretty head in a myriad of tiny curls. But she was self-willed and could not bear to be crossed in the smallest thing. 'Her parents were wealthy, and had, all her life, humored her smallest whim. Eight 'months 'of the year th-^y lived at beautiful Cleeve Hall, the remaining time — ' \- ' In Cleevo Hall ? -Oh I Mr Goring,' was she one of the Leigbs V He bo^.ei his head. '* Mr Leigh's only child. She was killed by a fall from her horse before my very eyes.' ' How terrible 1' 'Terrible indeed. And all the' more so when, one remembers that her death was caused by her own folly and perversensss. Iu-a fit of childish bravado she one day in sisted upon jumping a fence, which I assured her was dangerously wireJ upon the far side. ' ' I can e4sily cltar it, and I will jump it,' she cried, and away she. went. s- Oh, God!' he murmured, 'how plainly I see it all. The lovely pouting lips, the defiant pose of the golden head as she flew past me on her: spirited little mare. Then the awful crash—. The sad hours beside her as she lay cold- and dead upon the ground, whilst the groom went in search of a carriage in which to convey her back to the Hall. The last days — the funeral — and ray heart broken departure from the old hous-.: — from which I'went vowing never to return.' ' And yet you cam'*,' I whispered through my t- a s. ' How you must have suffered !' . ' Suffered ?' he faid, turning suddenly, and looking straight in to -my eyes, 'yes— at first.' He paused abruptly, and, ^ stoopinsr, gathered a piece of heather anil placed it in his buttonhole. ' I met your uncle and aur.t abroad, as I dare ay ?hey have told you. Miss Lindo,- and we became fast frit mis. . They knew nothing of my story, so when they took the Hall ttnjy at once invited me to come to them. My fkfet inclination was to refute. I hesitated. Something drew me to the old place — and I came. In the hou?e I was de ressed, miser able. The thought of Muriel haunted me. 1 saw her at every' turn, ani I tps -lved to go. But go I coul-1 not. Something compelled me to stay. As the days went, on 1 grew more peaceful In the open air — with .you, talking to'you — ' My heart beat tumultuously, and I dared not r/iiie my fyes. '1 gradually b;c;'ino happier. A 'weight seemed lifteit from my heart. When you were near I forgot pa-t troubles. I felt able to smile — to laugh . I seemed to grow young again. Old memories faded: Things that used to pain me did so. no. more. In the boudoir hangs Muriel's p-rtrat, and I have looked a* it without, a pang. 1—' \- ' Sluriel 1 Oh, then, it'was -:he,' I cried, ' who came to me and told nr.\ I recognised her at oncf when I saw the portrau.' And I stammered out a full description of the apparition tnat h-.d visitel me upon the night jf my arrival ut Cleeve Hall. '?How marvellous !' be- murmured, with changing color and in an aw .-struck viice. ' Did you see her mere thwi once ?' ' No, only once. An-1 I was narvou? pverwrougnt. The Pslue Chamber' is big and gloomy.' ' 'he room in which they laid her.'— he covered his lacs with his hands— 'at the List.' ?' It. may have ' eena dream — a — a fancy — ' ' No,' he a; swore,), solemnly. ?' You saw sweet Muriel— of that I am convinced. But why did she come — to you 1 Did she speak ?' '? Ye=,' with crimson cheeks. ' She— she loll me' I should meet you— described you accuiately.' 'How ^ trance ! And, oh! Celia, was that all?' ' No, she told me to be kind to you.' ' My d-u- ling, she wished to atone.' He caught my lnud* and hold them tightly within his own. ' And you have helped her by your kindness. But. oh ! Celia, can you love mi ? You have heard my story, know how I have suffered , how my happiuess wai wrecked — can you — will you trust yourself to me!' ? ' ? I raised my' head, and looking up shyly into his face I whispered :? ' Yes, for I love you, and long to see you .hjppy.' ' My love, my 'wife',- ,you shall,' be cried ; arid drawing me to' his breast he se d'd hiB promise with a kiss.— ' Auckland Weekly News.' 