' BUILDING TRADES AND TIMBER MERCHANTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. I Sir-Your correspondents, " One in the Trade " and Mr. O. H. Chidgey, in their remarks re the timber trade I heartily endorse, and commend them for speaking out when they wish to impress their fellow merchants by stating facts which can- not be denied-the suicidal policy of cut-throat competition now being pursued by them And asking timber merchants to pause and combine for mutual protection, in my opinion, is highly commendable to avert rain and disaster. Mr O H Chidgey and the writer were members of the New SnuthlWalei Timber Merchants and Sawmill Owners'' Protective Association, banded together in 1895, for this very purpose " One in the trade " now wishes to see in operation. This society worked late and early day and night, to accomplish some reform in the prices then ruling in the timber trade, and our hopes rose high it then we had all but a few of the timber merchants on the roll of members and we were elated to think that the rule of ruin was about to end But, alas ' our hopes were dashed to the ground by those few outside the association and the want of faith with a few of the members, and this in the face of a money penalty, the faithful members suffering the whole time, and those outside the association reaping the harvest by underselling the members of the association. I may mention that no time 01 trouble or expense was spared to launch this association, and our president and office-bearers were all that could be desired, and despite our combined efforts to exist we were compelled to give up the ghost and revert to the old order of things low prices and severe undue competition And I may here mention that since 1896, when the association closed, several of the oldest timber merchants then in business, through this senseless suicidal competition, have been compelled to relinquish the business of timber merchant. The fact is patent to any sensible man that there is no need for Uns competition earned to such extremes, and that a body of sensible men like the timber merchants of Sydney, who will compare favourably with any similar number of business gentlemen, will so continue to out the ground from under their feet until it means utter ruin is and always has been past ray comprehen- sion. The writer will at any time be very pleased to confer with "One in the Trade to try to bring about any remedy that he may suggest to cure this evil that we all deplore. It is with great pleasure that I had Mr. O. H. Chidgey's remarks that the country sawmills have combined to get payable prices for their goods, and it is my fervent hope that the timber merchants of Sydney will be able to have a similar God-send. I am, &c.; W. S. PREDDEY. November 25. One of the most beautiful sights in the world is the annual migration of butterflies across the Isthmus S Panama. Towards the end of June a few Boat tjRiwM discovered fitting out to sea, under the days go by the number increases, until early U or816 'th. sky's one's almost obscured by myriads! of these frail insects. 