WHY SO FEW MEN ATTEND CHURCH. (FROM TIIK MURRAY INDEPENDENT.) A paper by the Rev. A. B. Rofe was a tew weeks ago read before the Congregational Ministers' Association of Melbourne on the question, " Why so few men attend church ?" In the discussion which followed one minister questioned if it was a fact that men as a rule did not attend church, and in confirmation cited the position at his own charge. He said that, taking the number of men and women who were free to attend church services, the men actually preponderated. This iew, we believe, can be sustained by many Independent churches. But the question is not whether fewer men than women attend church, but how it comes that so many men are never seen at church services at all. That- tiie great majority of men do not attend church is a fact, disguise or question it as we may. Two sets of reasons are assigned for this non-attendance. The one set is to be found in the church itself ; the other in the absentees. Whilst the blame, if blame there is, may a'tach maiuly to the men them selves, yet the church is unquestionably responsible for a large, degree of an tipathy and many of the harmful con ceptions which prevail among men respecting church services. Men are not infrequently met with who decline to attach t-liemselves to any church, and simply upon the ground of honest y itself. These men have an ideal of what a churchgoer should bp, and because they do hot reach that ideal refuse to commit themselves by con- tracting any church alliance lest they should prove the hypocrite ; forgetful of what should be an obvious fact, viz., that the church is not constituted for such as are perfect, but for men who, whilst conscious of weakness and shortcoming, are still desirous of rising, and in the endeavor to rise would fain seek the help the church undertakfs to provide. But how often the church itself fails, by being not only unat tractive, but even repellant, in its methods. The church more often than not appears unnatural, unreal, and fails n adaptation to the wants and tastes of the average man. If the Christian church were only true in all its relations to its Divine origin, genius and mission, men would instinctively associate it with' Christ. But the form of the Divine Man is about the last to appear in the mind of the average outsider in association with the average church. An exclusive clericalism, everlasting begging, squabbles over dogma or discipline, the church as a club surrounded by the high walls of respectability, the members of which are smitten by the idolatry of social caste, are the conceptions (rightly or wrong'y) which obtain in the mind of the ordinary non-churchgoer. Ministers are regarded as out of touch with com mon folk, are professional, perfunctory, and being conservative are naturally more in sympathy with the classes than with the masses. But whatever may be the cause of the apparent failure on the part of the churches to attract, something is wrong — egregiously wrong — and unless we are prepared to be lieve 'hat the church of the living God was intended to become a mere fos silised institution for purveying plati tudes that possess no more power to regenerate than the mumbling of a Papist's beads, earnest searching of heart should ensue. That great days are in store for the church there can be no doubt, providing it can shake itself free from the death thrall of conventionality that now envelops it. The living Christ and the Holy Ghost must become greater realities, and. the church proceed to demonstrate its di vinity by declaring war to everything that is un-Christly, whether social, religious, industrial or political. Let the days for trimming and conniving at anomalies, frauds and all forms of unreality and dishonesty cease. Let thoroughness, naturalness and trans parent sincerity characterise the church in all its doings and relationships, and then seized with a passion for men, prove in a thousand practical ways that it is not a dovecote for a few conven tional respectables, hat an institution for revealing God in the salvation and sauctification of sinful and imperfect men. 