BISHOP MURRAY'S CON- SECRATION. PRESENTATION TO THE NEW BISHOP. SEIlMON BY IlEV. ISAAC MOOHE, Tlie following discourse was delivered by tlie Ilev. Isaac Moore, S.J., ou Sunday evening, 3rd iust., Jn the pro-Cathedral, Bendigo, in connection with Bishop Murray's consecration :— Tlie office of a bishop is surely one of much dignity, of exalted rank, and 110 inconsiderable power. Does not the desiring of such an otiice seem to tell of aspirations not in accordance with the humility enjoined by the Gospel, tinged even with the pride of life ? This, no dojjbt, Is an aspect that oflice may seem to present to a, superficial mind; 1o one thoughtless and without, understanding. who looks but at the surface of things, who lacUs.lhe will or the intellectual power to "gain the knowledge which leads to a correct judgment. " If a man desire the office of a bishop, lie desireth a good work." These are words spoken by the Holy .Spirit of unerring truth. Not rank, or dignity, or power are the chief characteristics of that office. Far different is its true and real nature. .V'^io lie a 1'Jshop is to be one of the suct-ftesors of tlie apostles—a participator, no doubt, in the sublime dignity that titffi implies, but a sharer also in the treineirdous responsibility, in the anxietiesand cares and sufferings and acute anguish of soul almost inseparable from the Apostolic office. There is a scene much dwelt ou in Holy Scripture which makes all this plain. Beueath the full glare of a Syrian sun. and at the hour -when the glare is most dazzling, 011 the great south road leading from Damascus to Jerusalem, a group of dust- stained and weary travellers'—Were nearing Damascus, just on the point of completing their sixth day's journey from Jerusalem. Their road had led them through many a scene enshrined in the sacred records of God's dealings with His chosen people. Tliey were of that race, and one of them, at least, a " Hebrew of the Hebrews," needed not to have his zeal for the law inflamed, as no doubt it was, passing by the wells of Jacob and the fords of the Jordan in sight of the walls of Jericho. For his zeal l'or that law burned Jiercely, and had dulled his heart to human sympathy hi many a scene of suffering wrought by his own hands, or countenanced by him. And now lie is drawing liigli to Damascus, anued with power from the Sanliedriu to further persecute Christians. He was probably even then steeling himself to execute remorselessly that duty (as he regarded it) which he had taken on himself. His foi;m was not cast in that, mould we associate with heroism. He was small in stature, unimpressive in appearance, yet, as events proved, liis was the hero's heart which no sufferings could appal, nor any danger dismay. Fierce was the glare of the Syrian sun, but suddenly there shone about that group a light before which the effulgence of the noontide glare was pale and dull. It was "a light from heaven." And Saul, falling on the ground, beheld the form divine of the Lord Jesus Christ, and heard a voice saying to him—'"Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me ?" Who said—" Who art thou, Lord V" And He—" I am Jesus, whom thou persecutest." And he, trembling and astonished said—" Lord, what wilt thou have me to do ?" And the Lord said to liini—" Arise, and go into the city, and there it will be told thee what thou hast to do." Scarcely is there any other scene, except our Lord's passion, of which Holy Scripture gives us so many details. For of this scene there are in Scripture three distinct narratives, each supplementing the other, one by St. Luke, and two by St. Paul himself. This is because consequences so momentous followed the conversion of St. Paul, but also, we may venture to think, because we have in this scene the perfect type, the full meaning exhibited, of the call to lie an Apostle. All that* was revealed to Saul in that moment we cannot know. It was but a moment that his eyes were blessed with the views of that radiant form ; it was but a .moment that his ears heard tlie voice of the God-man—only a moment, but it was one of God's moments, to whow a thousand years are but as yesterday. And In that one moment, the.whole truth flashed into the soul of Paul—the complete surrender of his whole being followed instantaneously. " Lord, what wilt thou that I shall do ?" In reply to that, absolute yielding up of his whole being, expressed in the . brief words, " Lord, what wilt thou iliat I shall do ?" lie is referred to as a human agent. The divine call had reached him, and the grace of Christ had enabled, him to hearken to that call. So the words of our Lord to Ananias, the huniarf agent employed, Were, " spills maois to me a vessel of election. .. . . For I will show him how great things lie must suffer for my name's sake." This is the full meaning of the call to the Apostleshlp. Paul had yielded up all. No earthly dignify is he promised in exchange, nor any earthly wealth, nor aught that the rulers of the world can give or take away. But power from on high shall be his, and the glorious dignity of a soldier of Christ is to be his, nor merely a soldier of Christ, but a. leader of tlie soldiers of Christ, for he is to be an Apostle. Arrayed in that supernatural dignity, each bishop of tiie Church goes forth to battle for the glory of God and the happiness of mankind. He goes forth, strengthened by divine grace, to make war 011 the enemies of God, tiro foes of man's salvation. " the lusts of the flesh, tlie lusts of tlie eyes, and the pride of life." The battleground Is llrst his own heart. There he must lirst quell thom. But all around liini on every side he beholds the havoc these fell adversaries are making of human life, blasting and devastating by their foul debasing inroads. tlie fair garden of the Lord, the immortal souls Christ died to save. The power these evils exercise is enormous, their strength untiring, the calamities tliey spread around all-pervading, all but universal. Well may the spirit of a bishop quail a mV Shrink from a conflict apparently so hopeless. Not hopeless omy in appearance. but utterly and altogether hopeless that contest would be were lie supported by any force less than divine. But, upborne by faith and trust in God, his spirit will not quail. Tlie outstretched arm that smote the host of Senacherib will beat down tlie powers of evil, even by tlie words God will put into His servant's mouth. And the holy example of his life will win- tn-Ui£ cause of virtue unnumbereda^ils^Jiat now are aliens to the Irt-'tnn'' without God in the jvorhl.'i i5P/-jV,hose consecration we \yjtne%p<l to'KjjJv has been set in the lujrtiof'Ojie hosfyoj!, the Lord, most asfttf^Mly %t byVmA own choice. Tlie p'wmUil oh^ctirihrgf religious life was deitfc*wkis Sfear^^Jut forth from that obscWjq,fthJyiJLu»S been drawn, not merely by Jwj^JnSK'O^Mit by the commands of tiie vicJrr-ot : -Christ. Not by mere lmman wisdom are Apostles chosen. The words of the Lord are—" You have not chosen me. but 1 have chosen you."— Joliu xv.. 1<>. To God al<)ne are the mysteries in the distributions of grace fully known. He and He aloue names the vessels of election. Was not " Esau, saitli tlie Lord, brother to Jacob, and 1 have loved Jacob."—Mai. i.. 2. When, therefore, our Lord nad ciiosen Paul, and tohl Ananias. " for this man is to me a vessel of elect-ion," and sent him to Paul. Ills words were, " Brother Saul, the Lord Jesus hath sent me. lie that appeared to thee on the way as thou earnest, that thou niayest. receive thy sight, and be filled with the Holy Ghost."—A.A. Ix.. 17. This is the power from on high which God bestows 011 all His Apostles, by which they are enabled to bear the dread responsibilities with which they are charged. I'or " the episcopate is," says St. Augustine. " the name not of a dignity but of a labour," a. labour so glorious, so rich in fruits for God's honour and man's happiness when faithfully executed, that it would seem to require the qualities, not of a man, but of an angel—a labor for ends so exalted and so holy that it. would seem to demand tlie uuearthliness, as it would certainly not misbecome the dignity, of one of the ethereal spirits who minister around the throne of the Most High. Therefore was it that Ananias was sent to Paul, that lie might receive the pleritude of grace, that, he might be " filled with the Holy Ghost." Ananias then represented the Church, and acted as her visible minister, the minister of Christ. It is that, same ministry of that same Church conferring on the new bishop tthe plenitude of grace which we have witnessed to-day ; this is the meaning of consecration. That this new successor of tlie Apostles may be "filled with the Holy Ghost," may be " full of grace." There is, as St. Thomas teaches, a threefold sense in which the words " full of grace " may be used. In tlie complete and adequate sense, the Son of Man, and he alone can be " full of grace." It is not of this sense manifestly St Luke speaks here. In a. restricted sense, every Christian receiving such grace *ns enables him to work out his salvation may have the words applied to him. In a third sense, he is full of grace who. being elected by God to discharge for Him any great supernatural office, receives grace in quantity and intensity proportioned to the exaltation and difficulty of the duty to which be is called by God. And tlieduty of a bishop, who can measure it ? Is if not life duty to raise the fallen, to heal the bruised, to strengthen the weak, to iuspirlt all by voice and example, to guide and lead all entrusted to his charge Into the paths of peace ? It is for him to correct the Intellectual errors, to refute tlie false teachings, which, in this present age, lind so many exponents—exponents, too, who do not lack boldness to make false assertions, suited to lead tlie tiuinstrucred and incautious to spiritual ruin. With voice and with pen they assail divme truth, and with voice and with pen must they be confronted and put to shame. And ou the bishop preeminently is this duty incumbent. It is for him to vindicate the truth, and by the suasive force the Spirit will give liini to exercise, make that glorious truth aceptable to the minds and to the hearts of all. As intellectual error is founded 011 ignorance and false reasoning, the correction of error would seem not to exceed human power, unless where to the perversion of the intellect there is added depravity of will. Ignorance and error are 110 dottbt foes of virtue. But vice, depraving, the will and polluting the heart, is its direct contrary or opposite. And it certainly is not 011 earth a diocese can he found where this foe does not confront and tend to syipall the soul of the bishop. Nor may he decline the contest. The good shepherd must seek aTter the lost sheep : and who can loll how many hours and days of desolating weariness and soul-piercing anguish await him in that -research i There are not many who can behold a scene of bodily pain and misery unmoved. Nor is it desirable there .should be any. That, shrinking of the soul, the sort of sympathetic agony which all feel at the aspect of hopeless misery and pain, has its counterpart in the soul of the man who not: merely bears the name, but also shares the spirit of the Apostle, when he beholds the hideous depravity and the loathsome vices which lie who would seek the lost sheep must needs have often before his eyes. Nor is the heart of a bishop weighed down only by the hopeless moral misery and sin wnieb fall under his own immediate gaze. But, as the very name of his office is overseer, lie is. perforce, obliged to know Ihe misery observed by others. Ignorance is1111- queslioliiibiy ihe friend of vice, even a powerful auxiliary. Education, therefore. of tiie right sort could llie bishop provide the same for the children of his flock, would be an invaluable aid ill ihe battle against vice. But here again his soul will be wrung with anguish. lie sees plainly the dire necessity for creating Catholic schools. y.But where shall lie find the means For. by a most, iniquitous law. the Catholics. very much the less wealthy portion of the community, are compelled not merely to provide for the education of their own children, but their resources are further drained to , provide a very considerable contribujtion for the education of their non-Catholic fellow-citizens. The enormous evils. st> fraught with disastrous consequences. of having tlie young brought up without knowledge of God. this evil alone may well fill the soul of a bishop with gnawing care. If he were going inlo a diocese where resources were abundant. Die ^onovosity which characterises Irish Catholics wherever tliey are found would be a source of hope. But. the resources, small in themselves, have already been severely taxed to provide the very poor organisation already existing. It is in conquering great natural difficulties that groat leaders of men in the natural order. the conspicuous heroes of the world's history', have won imperishable renown. It was )jy Alexander Grecian culture was spread from rhe shores of .the. Egean Sea. to the banks of llie Suilej. It was the genius of ' Napoleon that planted the eagles of Franofciji triuinphai»t*ilfr.play 011 every capital of Europe. Cresar spread the Empire of liome from tiie banks of the Tiber to the'llhino-und Euphrates. It w.is the eloquence of O'Connell that delivered the Irish from the house of .bondage. I11 the Church's history the same law prevails. Were there 110 Moses, there would have been no exodus from Egypt. : were there 110 David, the Jewish monarchy would have lost nearly all its splendour : were there 110 Athanasius. the Arians might have triumphed. To the great. St. Augustine is due the defeat of the Donatists. The greatest Dominic rose to drive back the eastern heresies:' .wicked, which had inva of Europe, and St. Fraji half won the world bacl cursed greed of gain, disorder of all things vine, the fatal work oft checked and controlled li Loyola, and how much in do we not see done to eon and religious corruption the French revolution b; St. Vincent, de Paul, St. Liguori. and St. .Toliu of the Cross. In this very city, how much do •we not owe to the prudence ef Dr. Backhaus, who, in hoarding up the offerings of the pious, lias provided funds which help to tlie splendour of religious services. He whose consecration we liave 'witnessed will be a leader. , He has spent half a life-time 1u active and unsparing efforts to pro- mote religion in London and iu this country. That his efforts in his new sphere will produce great results, and eminent success, we may hope, but that lie will deserve tlint success wo may be sure. And when bis career is reaching its close, the blissful words will reach his ears. "Well done, thou good and failhful servant, enter into the jnv <11 ihv Lord." 