A GHOST SiQRY. It was some years ugo, whilol was stopping at tho hotel in Lawt.io, a little village io one of the Wontom Stales nf Atnciien, that tho fol lowing incident occurred : One evening, after finishing my supper, I i. tutted for my loom, which was on tho second Uoor. and, as I paused the roading-room, my attention was attraotod by the excited touts of some enu within, who scumod to bn relating a htory. Just thon irronn opened tbo door, nnd I caught tho words, 41 The ghost tleu made a leap.'' My curiosity was excited, and, pushing open the door, I cuteiod. In the ceutro of tho floor stood a yoituff. follow, with white bsft' aud loog, lotiky logs, who was teUiug, with great oaruost- nuae, of how he had passed a cave, about a mile from the village, culled the " Ghost's Cave " by the inhabitants of Lawlou, who firmly believed that u spirit bad taken up his abode in tbo gloomy cavern . 44 The ghost mudo a leap, " tho fellow waa saying ae l entered, 41 and gavc on awful kind of Yelping flcreoro', and then rnu back iuto tbu cave howling nnd moaning fearfully, v. 1 was so Qcnrcd that I just picked up aud run— tiinall tie way to tbo villngo hero. Tell you, notbing could get me to go back there again A": Uf course, bo was the hero of the cccjf-ino, and as the ciowdi pre&ficd; around him, 1 turned to a man sitting ueiir mo tovraako romu inquiries. It eccmed that tho young follow, whrsu natne was Waters, bad btun over to aeo an ur.clu, wbo lived two miles away, aud being de layed in guttlug off he wus overtaken by tJnrk- ncss while yet socqo ilistanue from tbo vitiligo. Ills path' led by thu ghost's cove," and, although he bad half q notion to go around by another road, bu at last ' braced up," as the. man expressed it, and moved on. As he nt-arpd tbu cavo he saw lliu ghost sitting in the en trance, its two ted eyes glaring down ut him in' a frightful umnoer. Waters was almost dead with fright, but bo managed to pick up a (.tone and' fling it »t the whito object. Whether bo hit it cr not bo could not Ull, but, at auy rite, tho object, gave an 44 awful scream," nud dis appeared. . " 1 r<ok<n you don't want' to' go back there n'p'in fo-uight," said one of - the men, with s Rii". ... ' ' 41 He, sir, 1 flon't, "replied the young raande- cidcdlr. . And I'll vooturo to say," bo added, 44 that tbcro isn't a man in this mom that's brave enough to vmt tho ouvu to-ui.cht." No oru aaid auytbiug for a moment, when tho sili'uco i7nB broken by a little black- cycd fellow in tho corner, who apoko hi u low, quiet voice : 44 1 nui-Bot nfruid to go back to tho cave, and I'll not only visit it, but will explore it, and find out what this ghost, an you call it, is before I return." Hveryuuo looked at the man in ost-oniohraun as he roso from his seat and left tbo renm aud, . as tho door closed behind him, ho waa com mented ou without mercy. Thu next rnorniug 1 met tbo landlord in tho hnl). and naked him about the mau who had gouo to visit tbo ghost's cave— if bo bad dis covered anything. . 44 Yc:«," Mtid.thQ. landlord, as bu led tbc way into the diniog- rcoai ; 41 this mau went out to tho oave— seems be know pretty neur where it was— and sat down on & tag to rest and look ubout a Lit, Directly tho gbunt came out, uud. seating itself uoar lbo entrance of the euro, began to howl. Tho men— whoso name,. by tho way, is Samuel I'luraiug— ruisid his gun at tbis momcut and fired. Tho while thing uttered an awful yell, unci jumped straight up in the sir ut least ten feet, but, when lb fell, it lay motion- I cob on the ground. Fleming (Itch wont up nnd examined tbogboat, und what do you Think it wus ?. lt»,iYas. nothing oiicrq than a white vvolf —a coyote— which hod its don in the cavo." 