MR J. W. Rail has, since bis departure from our midst to take up his resi dence at the Cape, devoted no little attention in a very commendable spirit to enquiries as to the possibili ties of an expansion of Australia’s trade with Africa. Asa result he Ims frequently found occasion to urge the advisability of extending the at pre sent very limited exportation of frozen meat to the ports of that continent, and his remarks as to the short sightedness of a neglect of those markets have been accentuated hr accounts just to hand of the extraor dinary scarcity of meat now prevailing there. Sayß one report:—“Durban is positively beefless. The stock of Australian beef has been alt con sumed, and, until a fresh cargo arrives, butcherß have given notice that they will be unable to supply anything but mutton.’’ As to Johannesburg, one dealer said:—“ I have been twenty years in the place, and I have never before seen beef at such a price. It is entirely owing to rinderpest. The stuff we are getting now is only fit for feeding. The cattle which are being slaughtered ought to bs busy grazing, and the cattle which we should be slaughtering have died from rinder pest.” Dealers were buying up | anything they could lay their hands on and sending it forward to the Rand. Many of the animals were merely living skeletons, and, in fact, everything with a hide on it was for warded, and it was estimated that “ if all the cattle in the Transvaal were gathered together they would not feed the Rand for a month.” All accounts, in short, rendered it quite apparent that South Africa waß threatened with a serious meat famine, unless steps could be speedily taken to secure a regular supply of stock from South America or some other country. A v serious reflection upon Aus tralian exporters or means of ex : portation seems to be ' implied in the statement made that “There is some Australian meat coming in, but the public don’t care for it, because it goes soft and black soon after it leaves the refrigerator.” If this statement be correct, the cause of complaint should certainly '• be capable of being readily remedied. At bucli a period of famine in a land at but three weeks’ sail from our shores, Australia ought to be able, with distinct advantage to itself, to materially augment the South African meat supply, and to provide not merely a large proportion of the requisite quantity, but a quality quite beyond reproach. Some months ago a company, whose objects are clearly indicated by its title of the South African Food Supply and Cold Storage Company, with a capital of £125,000, was started for the purpose of supplying the city and suburbs of Cape Town, Johannesburg, Port Elizabeth, and other centres with a first-class quality of butcher’s meat and other produce at reasonable prices. This company claims to have a contract signed by the Mahomraedan priesthood for the supply of the bulk of the beef and mutton required by the Mahommedan community and also promises from thousands of fami lies in Cape Town Town and suburbs and elsewhere to take from it all meat they require for two years. Taking into consideration the large consumption of beef and mutton in the City of Cape Town and suburbs, Johannesburg, and at Port Elizabeth, the exceptionally high prices now being paid by the consumers, the in ferior quality and very unsatisfactory conditions under which meat has hitherto been supplied, and the prob able greater scarcity of colonial beef and mutton in the near future, the enterprise has been very strongly com mended to the favorable attention of the South Africans ns it may also be with advantage to Victorian exporters. Such an agency should prove of great value, and its opportu nities ought not to be neglected by those interested in -the expansion of the export trade of Australia, other branches of which, apart from that more immediately under notice, are capable of finding profitable outlets among the people of South Africa, and may receive a beneficial fillip from the establishment of more regular and systematically developed commercial relations with that continent. Those who are not entitled to be on the ratepayers’ roll, and have the necessary qualification, can take out an elector’s right up to tbe Ist prnx. (inclusive), and time hay > their names placed on the roll for the Legis lative Assembly. Each applioint should pro vide himself with a 6J stamp for payment for tbe right. Foreigners who desiro to obtain electors’ rights must, if not already natnral iaed in Yictoria, obtain letters of naturalisation before doing su; and suoh foreigners, if they desire enrolment as ratepaying electors, mast obtain letters of naturalisation before the sitting of the Revision Courts appointed to be held during February next. The registrars and deputy registrars will keep their offices open for tbs iaauo of electors’rights until 10 o’olock p.m. on Saturday, the 2tith, Monday, the 28th, and Wednesday, tho 30th November, and Tbnraday, tbe Ist December. Tbe following alterations in railway time tables are notified: —The train now leaving Ballarat at 3.35 p.m. and Maryborough at G p.m., and returning from Castlomaina at 8.20 p.m., will leave at 3.28 p.m. and 5 40 p.m. respectively, and retnru at 8 p.m. Toe train now leaving Geelong for Ballarat at 8,35 a.m. will leave at 8.30 a.m, and the train now leaving BtUarat for Geelong and Melbourne at 7-10 p.m. will leave at 7.25 p.m., and rnu to Geelong only. The Church Congress service will be held at Christ Cbnrch Cathedral to- night, at 8, when the Primate will preach. Gentlemen taking part in the proce- sion are reqne-ted to be at Christ Church Hull at 7.30. Tho cathedral will be, reserved for congress ticket-holders until the aeoond bell rings, when it will be thrown open. Family tickets admit three persona on this occasion. \- A confirmation sarvioe was held at St.’ Peter’s Chnroh yesterday afternoon, when twenty-seven candidates—eighteen girls and nine boys—were presented by the vicar, the Rsv. F. Slaney Poole, who prepared them for the ceremony. The rite of confirmation was performed by the . Bishop of Ballarat (Dr Thornton), who preached nu eloquent sermon on the dosoent nf the Holy Ghost upon Jo-ms Christ ou the occasion his baptism. The Kav. It. Griffiths, ahapluin to the Archbiabop of Sydney actod as chaplain to the Bishop. The choir wern in attendance, anil rendered the maaic for the service well, Mr L. Richardssu presiding ably at tbs organ. The eburoh was crowded daring the service. There was another crowded congregation in tbe evoning at the churoh, when tho palpit was occupied by the Rev. Canon Greon, of South Aaetralis, who preached au admirable sermon. Frederick Dawson, a member of the Grattan Riggs Company, now playing at the Academy of Musio, met with an uuoideut early yester day morning at Phillips’ hotel, where he was staying, whioli it is feared may end fatally. He was coming down stairs, when be slipped aud fell to the bottom. When pinked up, he was uncouscions, and blood was flowing from his nose ami ears. As it was evident that ha was Berioudy injured, he was promptly con veyed to the hospital, where u surgical examination led to the conc'usion that the base of his skull was fractured. L its last night be was still unconscious. Avery large andienas attended yesterday afternoon at the Aoadomy of Music, when a sacred concert was given nnder the aaspices of the Ballarat and Ballarat East brandies of the Australian Natives’ Association, in aid of the funds now boing raised for tbe orectiou of the women’s ward at the Hospital. Th- Mayor of Ballarat East, Cr E. Murphy, M.L.A., pre sided, and the programme was opened by Mr A.i Proat and party, who played an instru mental quartette, “The reapers,” with ranch taste, a second selection, “Springtime,” beiug even more successful. Two vooal quartettes, “God is a Spirit” and “Abide with Me,” were well rendered by Mrs G. Webb, Miss Y. Franklin, Messrs J. Brayaod Vercoe. MrT. Opie played a flats solo, in which he demon strated the oommaud he has over that instru ment. Mr J. Bray sang Piusnti’s “Nighties* land.” Two reoitds, • “ Lost in the sornb” and “Ostler Joe,” were given t>y Mr J. P. O Grady in a manner that entitled him folly to the lienrty applause be evoked. Mrs G. Webb sang “Galil»e” with mnob taste, a flute obligato by Hr Opie greatly enhancing the effect.' Mr J. T. Verooe’s song, “Toe watch man” waa finely rendered. Mr E. H. Nicholas acted throughout an adoompaniet. Tim finan cial result of the effort wan £l2 2* sd, which was annouuoed from the platform by the chairman as being very satisfactory. ' The Orient Company’s R.M.S.S. Austral and Ibe same company’s R.M.S. Orient, which l»ft London a fortnight later, both arrived at Fort Adelaide at about 10 o’clock yoeterday morning. The Austral was delayed by an accident, and her mails were brought on by the R.M.S. India. Those by tbe Orient Bhould be delivered to-day. A sensational experience befel a resident of Dungaree Junction, Mr Joseph Trigg, on Saturday afternoon at about 4 o’clock, while he was riding his horse along Queen street, Ballarat East. He was accompanied by a friend, also on horseback. On meeting an ice-, cream vendor’s cart, with white canvas oover flapping and bells jingling, bis horse shied nnd collided with great foroe with a oart that was passing at tbe time. The cart was occupied by a farmer residing in the district nnd his wife and children. For tunately none of the occupants of the cart were hurt, but Mr Trigg was thrown off his horse violently, and sustained a bad sprain of one leg and injury to one of his ribs. His horse ran straight on to tbe shaft of the cart, which penetrated the poor animal’s shoulder, censing injuries which necessitated its de struction. Mr Trigg was taken into the house of Mr Giles, near at hand, and Dr Salmon was sent for. After treatment of his injuries and a rest tbe sufferer was able to be taken to his home. Mr Trigg’s horse had always been considered a qniet one, and it had never been known to sby before. A three-inch water main in Ebdon street burst at about half-past 1 o’clock yesterday morning. Fortnnately it was observed, and the turn-cook, having been advised of the breakage, turned qff the water, bo that the WRBte was comparatively Blight. A gang of men in the employ of the Water Commis sioners were set to work as soon as possible, and the nooessary repairs were effeoted during tile morning. Last week Mr A. Angwin, bntober, of Bridge street, lost a fine lot of pigs at his farm at Warrehheip by poisoning. It is sup posed that the “ bait” was given to them on meat by aome malicious individual after the animals were shut up at night. The matter haa been reported to the police, who it is to be hoped will succeed in tracing the offenders. The following accident cases were treated at the Hospital on Saturday and yesterday : James Hill, a young man living in Eureka street, incised wound of finger, which was jammed with a brick. Maggie M'lntyre, a yoong woman living in Ascot street, lacerated wound of the palm of the right hand, which was caught on a hook whilst hanging up a jug. Daisy Collins, eleven months old, whom parents live in Lexton street, cut head, caused bv a fall from a go-cart. John Sawbridge worth, thirteen years of age, living with his parents in Rubicon street, lacerated wound of foot, the result of a fall.. Dr M'Gowan reoom mended the boy to stay in the institution for a few days, but he declined. List night .Constable Harley arreßted in St-n<-t street a young man nnmed William M’Kay, a minor, on a charge of u-ing obscene langntge. It is alleged that M’Kay waa walking along the Rtreat with some com panions, when he accosted a young lady, and upon hor refusing to answer him hs nsed dis gusting langungo to her. He will be presented at the City Court to-day. In winning the Queen’s on top of his several aggregate trophies for the mooting, Bombar dier Carter put the seal on his reputation. His caroer ns a marksman has been metoorio. Starting in IS9O, he shot third in the Qaoen’s, and was the champion shot nf the meeting, winning the Y.R.A., and other mod ils. List year lie was fifth for tbe Queen’d, won a pluoe in the Bisley team, and won the City of London arize for the ohamnion colonial shot at the Jubilee mooting. On retnruing from his second visit to Bisley, he was champion of the Smith Australian meeting, both nt long, short, and medium ranges, his scores never h iving been boaten on the range. . In brief, he is one of the grandest rifle shots Victoria has turned oat for years. Another young shot who has ontno ahead fast this mooting is Lieutenant Semm»ns, who, to his other sucoesses, added the Sirgood Match. He had to got three bull’s-eyes in bis last three shots a' 90) yards to win. One of tho finost performances yet recorded with the Martini-Henry rifle waa aohievod by Surgeon- Captain MioKutght, of Warrnambonl. He fired twenty shots in the continuous match, and got nineteen auocossivo bull’s-eyes and a centre, tbus dropping only one paint of tbs possible 100. Lsgal proceedings will be taken against a number of ratepayers in Ballarat East for the rocovory of rates and sanitary servine oh trees dne to tbs Town Council after Wednesday, tho 30th inst. A practice wbioh domands attention and suppression at the hands of those entrusted with the supervision of the Agricultural Bbow grounds is that of carelessly leaving about pieces of packing oases, Ac., containing pro truding nails. On Saturday Mr F. G. Manii, head expert in connection with Osborne and Cos., manufacturers of reapers land binders, hsd the misfortune to tread on a nail in a loose board ami injured one of his feet suffi ciently seriously to ha incapacitated for a time, and obliged to abaudon a contemplated trip to Tasmania, Tho church parade to be held at Burrumbset Park on Sunday next alinuld attract a very large attendance. D-aan Parkyn will officiate, assisted by the local clergy. The military baud will sapply mu-ic. It is expected that oyer 200 cyclists from Ballarat will be present. A choir nf over .150 voices, under the leader ship of Mr R. L. Nichnll, will fill the vocal part of the programme. Cabs will leave Shoppes Square at intervals; return fare, 2s. Messrs Vines and M'Phso and D. M’Douald have kindly consented to provide coaches to oonvey tbe band to the park. The School of Mines nnnnal examinations will be commenced to-day, when the first sub j -ot to be taken will be chemistry. The examinations start at 9 o’clook, and will be onnduoted by Mr Hayden, of the Education Department. Messrs Cling. Walker nnd Cos. report an im portant Bale by auction on Saturday last, when Mr George Ronald’s farm at Mount Rowan, of 72 acres, ohang-d hands at rather better than £36 per acre, nr a total of £2GOO. Robinson’s Victoria hotel was also Hold by Messrs Chas. Walker and Cos. This hotel is about seven miles from the Mount - Mercer field, and brought £7OO. Cr Tlieopbilns Williams, of Ballarat Eiaf, appears to be steadily improving in health after his lengthy and serious illnose. Tester day ho was considerably better, although still very weak. Tbe nnnuai diocesan Sauday school exami nation for the dietriot waa held yesterday aft-moon at the Dina street State school building. Three examination papers of diffe rent grades of advancement were used. Nine boys and 24 girls, making n total of 3."':andi dates, were tested in Scriptural knowledge. Four candidates were from All Saints’ Cbnrch, two from Maryborough, and 27 from Christ Chnroh. The examination was oarried ont by Mr T. A.-Uthwatt, seoratary of the Diooesan S.S. Board. He w« assisted by Misses Archer, O’Bern, Palmer, Tnrton, and Mr Parlett. A swagman at the Town Court on Saturday pleaded gnilty to having been drunk. Ho was discharged with a caution, tho occasion baing his first appearance in the court. Messrs H. Josephs nml J. Trcthowan, J’s.P., prosified. ; The services at the Lydiard street Wesleyan Chnroh wore yesterday conducted by tho Rsv. S. Sohnlas in the morning, nnd the Rev. E. W ison Nya in the evening. Daring each ser vice special prayer was offered for the blessing of God upon the deliberations of the Church CongraSß to be held this week. Tho clmir sung as iinthome, ”Praise the Lord" (Bliss), and 11 Weary of earth ” (Tozsr), It was announosd that next Sunday being Temperance Sunday, a service will bo held at 4 15 in the afternoon in the interests of the movement. Attention is directed to the Ballarat Alliance Permanent Building and Investment Sooiety, whoso offices are situated in Commercial Chambers, Lydiard si rest. Tbs objects of tho society ore to assist thrifty persons to obtain a house for themselves. Terms can be arranged to suit the requirements of all classes, while progressive shares are available, £5O oooh, payable 10s per month. Moneys aro reoeived upon deposit at 4J per cent, intorostt. In connection with the progress of tbs milling- industry of Australis, a further stop is now being taken by British investors tosoouro their interests and confining Rpeonlation only to bonajidc mioos aod their being worked in a bona Jide manner io tho best interests of foreign shareholders. With this nhjeot in view, the Anglo-Anstralian Mines Office lias been opened iu Ballarat under Mr Leslie W. A. Maoarthnr, F.G.S., and bis managing col league, Mr A. W. Goydßr, Bachelor of Science, mineralogist, Ac. These gentlemen, at tho instance of influential mining investors both at home and in the ooloniea, have derided npon making Ballarat their head office in .connection with investmonte in Australian, New Zealand, and Tasmanian mines, making personal inspection, and sub mitting independent, disinterested reports on mining ventures, niter treatment of sample* of the ore by his oolleagns, Mr Goydar, in their laboratory bafore submitting aeparate report to England. Mr Macartbur haa had many yeare of practical experience and soientifio research in tbe priaoipal gold miniog centres of Queensland, New South Wales Viotona, Tasmania, and New Zealand. Mr Maoarthnr has ohosen for his assistant Mr A W. Goyder, 8.50., son of Mr G. W. Goyder. C.M.G., late Surveyor-General of South Australia. Mr A. W. Goyder hn bad lew by mining experience. la South Australia he followed his father’s pro fession of BQrveyor, end after obtaining bis liaenao entered the bydranlio office, and eutieeqnen’ly engineered some extensive irrigation work'. At the Adelaide University Mr Goyder obtained the degree' of B Sc., graduating with honors in mineralogy and geology. For the peat nine yeara Mr Goyder has bad vast experience in the treatment of anrifnroua area, both refractory and free milling, and is well verged in the erection and usage of gold milling.and gold eaving machi nery. Mr Goyder’a mining experience waa obtained principally in New South Wales and Western Australia, and ha baa successfully dealt with many classes of refractory ores. Tbs largest oongregatinn seen at AU Saints Church for many years filled the ohurdh last night on the occasion of the Bishop of Tas mania conducting the service. Special music was rendered by a largo choir, assisted by an efficient orchestra. Mr Williams aoted as conductor, and Miss Weldon as organist. Solos entitled “The beautiful gate” and “Soatter the germs” were rendered respec tively by Mieses Elliß and Starkey. At a onmmittae meeting of the Burrnmbeet Park Bicing Club, held on Saturday last, use of the grand stand and enclosures was granted to the committee of the chnroh parade which takes place at Burrumbeot Park next Sun day. An examination in temperance physiology was held on Saturday throughout the colonies for prizes offered by tho Women’s Christian Temperance Union, the candidates being boys and girls attending the. various sobnoW. In Ballarat about forty obildran presented them selves for examination. Prizes are to be given to all who obtain over a certain percentage of marks, the value being determined by the number of marks gained, Tho anniversary of the Eureka Primitive Methndiat Church was celebrated yesterday, when special serviaee ware conducted in the morning by Mr Liddell, and in the evening by Mr Bulny. In tbs afternoon an open air service was held at the Stockade, whan the railway bind was in attendance. Addresses were delivered by Ms-era West Lau and Anthony. A concert and social will be given te-night. The noticeable feature in the migration records of Victoria for the past quarter is the cessation—temporary at least—of the emigra tion to West Anstralia and South Afrioa, to the former of which there has been an almost uninterrupted ust emigration daring the previous nine yours and a half amounting altogether to 70,000, and to the latter, dnrieg the previous three years and a half, a net emigration amounting to 5211. The only exceptions to the regular outflow to West Australia nocurrad in the fourth quarter of 1893 and 1897—whan there was a net gain of 379 and 2161 respectively—and in the quarter now tinder review. In the third quarter of 1897 the net emigration to West Australia was 1577 and to South Africa 139; and in the corresponding quarter of 189 G it was 7795 to the former and 1118 to the latter colony. In connection with the Varrowae Lodge No. 10 V.C., worshipful masters, past mastors, and other nffioars and members of Masonio lodges in the Ballarat district are invitsl to attend an informal meeting to be held in the Masonic Hall, Camp stree , on Tuesday next. The business to be considered ii an invitation from the onunotl of the School of Mines to lay the foundation stone of the new building with Masonic honors and otlior matters of import ance to the order. Rowley’s Waxworks attracted another enor mous audience mi Saturday night, and the first-olass programme was highly appreciated. For to-night, which is adverlisod as the fare well night, a spooial bill has been provided, including a beauty show, a violin aolo compe tition, a cornet playing competition, and a sentimental song competition. The manage ment have notified tlteir intention to devote part of cha proceeds to the fnnde of the Dia triot Hospital. Tho temporary reservation, by order of the 19th February, 1866, of 59 acres 1 rood 39 perches of land in tho parish of Sinythesdale, as a sits for a reservoir, is about to be revoked so far as regards the portion thereof herein after described, viz., ‘29 acres 2 roodß 28 perches, county’.of Grenville, pariah of Sinyhesdale. . Music formed a distinctive feature at the services at S*. Paul’s Clinrab, Balletat East, yesterday. The ohoir, under Mr John Rob son, sattg splendidly throughout the three services. During the offertory they rendered tho ’* Veni Creator,” from Mozart’s 12th Mass, the magnificent solo part beiug. taken by Miss Smith. In the afternoon the anthem was “ By Babylon’s wave,” while iu ths evening the “Gloria in Excelsis”'wnB rendered with fine effeot. The offertory was " Calvary,” which was ably rendered by Mr James Magratb. Mias Greareß presided at the organ during the eervioes, and the recessional march in the. evening was a fine example of organ playing. Both the Primate and the Bishop of Newcastle, as well as Rev, R. Griffiths, tho Primate’s chaplain, expressed themselves highly pleased with the musical portion of the a j rvio°, and Mr Robson was congratulated on the effioienoy to which bo had brought the choir. Notification of the appointment of Cr Shoppee ns a member of the Board of Health for the Western County Boroughs appears in tho Government Gazette, In the qnarterly estimate of population the Government Statist records a net natural in crease of 3767 in tho population of Victoria during 'ho quarter ending September last, while there was a loss of 548 by emigration, makiug the net increase 3219. On the 30th Jane the population of the colony was esti mated at 1,169,434; and with tho increase recorded during .tho quarter, it stood at 1,172,653 on 30th September laßt. The natural increase of population daring the quarter was one- fiftli below the average of the corresponding quarters of the two pre vious years, owing to a falling off in the birth rate, aocompattied with an increase in the rata of mortality. The returns of tho immigration agent, ltoweyer, show a marked improvement in the movements of population, there having been rauorded a net immigration during ths quarter, for the third time since 1891, of 1024 persons, the two other occasions beiog ths fourth'quarters'of 1897 and 1894, when a not immigration of 2504 and 1311 respectivsfy was reaordad; whereas in the third qnarter of 1897 them was a not emigration of BS6, and in that of 1896 one of 53SG. Allowing for unrecorded departures (estimated), how ever, there was really a loss tty emigration during tho quarter of 548. Dadnoting the not loss by emigration from the natural increase, there results an increase of popula tion daring the quarter of 3219, as compared with an inoreaso of 2171 in tho corresponding quarter of 1897. and as against a decrease of 2585 in that of 1896. Tho increase shown was the fonrtb largest recorded—taking all quarters —since 1891. From the date of the census (sth April, 1891) the allowance for unrecorded departures bee been 55,515, viz., 43,156 of m lies and 12,359 "f females. Had no snob allowance been made, the population at the end of September would have been' set down at 1,228,163, viz., 634,262 males and 593,906- females. The temporary reservation, by order of the 7th December, IS6S, of land in the City of Ballarat, as a site for railway purposes, is about to be revoked eo far as regards the por tion thereof hereinafter desoribad, viz : —Nine perches and eight-tenths, being allotment 20a of section Al, situated at the intersection of Holmee and Little Clyde streets. 