THE NEW COOK. 'I suppose Katie thought that nho would hnve more work to do if there was a guest in tin; house ; soon after I told her you woro com ing she was taken hick and had to loavo. Lot me see — wboro was t ? ' Ons of butter, two of sugar, four eggs.' Now, Margaret, you need uui. [)«ao t.niKie eggs. .1 cieeinre 10 is :i miiuiiu mj invite you here and then put you up in tho kitchen to work I ' Here pretty Mrs. Thome paused to tsko breath. Margaret looked up at her friend aud laughed — a low, henrty laugh that was good to hear — and continued to bent the foaming white mass on the plato she hold. If you heard Margaret Moore laugh without seeing her faco you would have an instantaneous desi.n to be hold it, then you would have wished to know the owner, not that it was n benutifnl face ; it was Dimply bright and happy. Her voice matched the laugh in its low, sweet tones. ' You aro the same old Lutie. I cannot see that a husband and :v boy hnve changed you iu the least. I am sorry for your suite that your cook is gone, but you need not worry ou my account. 1 nm never so happy as when busy nt You must remember that 1 havo had a very practical education. At homo we girls always managed the house.' ' That explains your knowing how to do everything. Ah, Margaret, what a mistake some mothers make iu bringing up their daugh ters. 1 am for ever in :i muddlo of some kind. Von would be surprised and shocked if I told you of some ot tho mistakes I have made since 1 have been house-keeping. And it is all owing to my not having been taught when I was a girl nt home. When I have a good servant every thing goes on very well, but it is often the easo that I am obliged to put up with a poor ono, and fihe must ever remain so, for I cannot tench her better.' There wns such honest distress iu her faca that Margaret did not laugh, but helped her with the cake and changed tho subject. Supper time c:une. Mr. Thome was homo from tho bank and little Robbie from school. Margaret bad made a dish of salad, aud the cake was pronounced delicious. ' I don't sen but what we can get along very well without a cook,' said Mr. Thome, helping himself a second time to the s»lad. ' That is beeuuso Margaret is here.' ' Never mind — sho is going to teach me all oho knows. I shall surprise you yet,' said the little wife, hopefully. tie laughed, rose from the table, and was about to leave the room when he drew a letter from his pocket. 'Here is a note from Aunt Sarah, pet ; I had almost forgotten it.' Mrs. Thome opened the scented envelope and read the note inside in silence, but her face was. eloquent with disappointment and despair. ' What in the world is tho matter, Lutie ?'. said Margaret anxiously. ' Is anyone sick or dead ? I never saw you look so hopeless.' ' Aunt Sarah aud Mary are coming here.' '' ' Is that all ?' ' Why, Margaret ! You have no idea what a horrid woman Aunt Sarah is. She and Mary come and stay a month at a time. f They are such model housekeepers that they think I ought to be too, and never excuse a mistake. As for Mr. Thome's aant, Aunt Sarah thinks she is privileged to look into my closets and cupboards — and — well, you know they' are al ways more or less stirred np. I do straighten things once in a while, bnt they won't stay that way long. I dou't profess to be a model house kBepor, but it is so aggravating to havo her fuss with me ! She is a regular frpy, and Mary is just like her,' Haviug thus freed her min3 Lutie tranquilly finished her supper. Then they talkesd the matter over seriously. 'In the first place we must, get a cook at any price,-.' saidtutie. ' And it is almost im possible to engage .a good one at such short notice.'' 'If they are coming to-morrow, evening it would be bettor to put toe nouso in order Jirst. Let your washerwoman come and scour every thing in the kitchen anel pantry ; you nnd . I can see to the rest of tho houso, and bake up some nice things to tickle Aunt Sarah's palate.' Lutie's face brightened. 'You are just lovely! If Aunt Sarah is neat she can't begin to cook as you do. I only wish she could taste some of your dainty dishes.' ' Howjong will they stay ? I do not think you finished reading the letter, you were so up set.' Lntie took up tho note and read—-' So sorry, but we can remain with you but a few days.' '' Isn't that just splendid ? I might get a girl who would be willing to come for so short a time.' 'tl'lease mum, would I suit?' said Margaret, dropping a curtesy. ' Don't joke now, dear ; I am in such trouble!' ' I was never more earnest in my life.'' Lutie opened her gray eyes to their widest extent, while her friend proceeded to explain herself. ' I havo not met your aunt and cousin, and do i ot wish to. , It will be such fun ! Fray, let mo do it, .Lutie. ? It has rained so since I came that no ono has called, and so no one knows I dm here. ' I have been playing the fine lady in town for the past six months ; it would be so refreshing to be thonewcook for a little while.' So Lutie finally consented to the plan. ' How did you enjoy your visit at your uncles ?' sho inquired, as they washed tho dishes and arranged the table for the next men). ' Oh. it was grand, of course. They live in an elegant inanition on one of the most fashion able streets in the city, and entertain a (leal ot company. It was a great pleusure to me to go to the opera. Aunt insisted on giving mo all my party dresses, and I daresay I passed for a young lady who had been reared iu the lap of luxury, and knew nothing uf the common duties of life:' . '.?'.'_' .'.,,' ,'.' A gentleman from this place, a great friind of ours, wtts in the city last wiuter atteiSdinglectu^es; ^ I wonder if. you met him — Doctor Stone ?' Margaret's face flushed. ' Yes, he came to the house quite often. He is related to one of, auut's friends. I did not know he lived here.' ' Hn is not here now, and I am glad, for Aunt Sarah and Mary will be disappointed. I have no doubt that is the object of their visit. Aunt is determined Mary shall capture him, and I am afruid tho coor fellow will be bouud to yield.' The next day was a very busy one for the two friends. When night came everything was iu perfect order ; not a closet had been neg lected. It is safe to say Mrs. Thome's house had never been in such a stute before. The pantry was filled with good things, and Lutie was fairly dumb with astonishment at the nmrve'llous results attained by her friend. The guest9 arrived late in tho evening. Aunt Surah was one of tho patronising kind of women ; Miiry, a palo, languid woman of 33, whose beauty was a, thing of tho past, hut with very girlish ways. Tho ne-xt moriiiii); Aunt Sarah looked with wondering eyes at the breakfast table. The china and silver wore the s:ime, but somehow ne-v in their uiTiiiigciiicnt. Then when Lutie poured out the amber coffee, clear ami stremg, and delicious with rich cream, Aunt Surah looktei really injured. If there was juij-l hinjj she was proud of it wur, knowing Low to make good coffee. Lutie always had a leoluro on this subject. This morning sho wua forced to uu knowledge in hex secrot heart that tho coffee was superior to her own. Then sho turned hrr attention to th« nieut. It lay upon the table, mnnUing hot, a dplicntn piece of broiled ham with butter gravy. Then the bread-plain biscuit baked a pale brown, mid corquettos made of chicken— could any thing be nicer ? One thing she wns certain of, howctor, it wns not Lutie's doing. 'You must have a now cook,' said Mary. ' In sins a gond girl ?' ' Oil, yes, very good !' answered Lutie), with n twinkle in her eyo, as Margaret e.ntere.1 just then with a plut.u of hot biscuits. Aunt Snrah looked up anil scanned her from bond to foot. ' A very genteel-looking gill,' thought she, ' nnil the best cook l.utiu ever hud.' After breakfast cnini; tho tour of inspection, nnd Lutie laughed to herself to see how dis nppointed her mint looked an they returned to the sitting - room with no subject for a. lecture. She would hnvo been still more amused if she had known the resolvo iu that lady's mind. It was this : ' I shall offer Unit girl higher wage's to come and live with me,' ' I am sorry Dr. Stone is not in town,' said Lutie, expecting to see her guests, look crest fallen. But Mary answered briskly — ' Oh, yes, he is I Ho came in on the same train that we did.' 'Well, really !' said Lutie, inwardly raging. ' There ! As usunl 1 have made a muddle, when I was so anxious that Doctor Stouo should fall in love with Margaret. Now 1 have left the field clear for that abominable Mary, aud Margaret iu the kitchen ! What .shall I do?' She went out to her friend and tried to per suade her to abandon hor plan. She was not successful. ' I do not see any dan;:' r in it. Ho need not see me. Let Miss Mary have full chnuco, anel you can repoit what headway she makes.' Doctor Stouo came and called, camo again and spent the evening with his friends. A week passed, and tho geusts said nothing about leaving. 'We lire in for a month's siege,'' groaned Lutie, in .secret. Soon after this the doctor called one after noon and found Lulie alone. She began to question him nbout his winter in the city. ' I had a frienel spending the season thore — Margaret Moore. Did you meet her ?' she asked, looking at him with innocent eyes. The young man changed colour. ' Yes, 1 met her very often.' 'You liked her—you could not help it,' said sho, eagerly. ' I remember now that you onco told me you wished I would fall in love with this friend of yours,' tmid he, with a sad smili-. ? 'And so you did,' thought Mrs. Thorno, ex ultantly. 'Sheis.vcry charming,'. he continued, ' very lovely ; hut she would not be tho right kind of wife for me. 1 am a poor man, a physician, and when I marry it must bo with a girl who has had a practical education, Miss Moore has beeu tenderly reared by wealthy relatives. If you could sec her, as 1 did, sparkling with diamonds aud arrayed in costumes whose cost would be a whole year's ..iiicomp to me, you would not won der that. I fought back tho lovo I felt for her. Such a marriage would only bring unhappi ncss.'1 Just horo the guests, returned, and Lutie ex cused heraelf and ran upstairs to Margaret's .loom,' where she laughed until she cried, but refused- to explain to snyono the cause of her merriment, Doctor Stone had a very urgent invitation to dine at the Thome's the: next diy, and the dinner was a marvel of culinary art. , Lutie folt a little nervous when she tapped the hell, and noticed that Margaret hesitated a moment as she opened the door and saw the trap that had been laid for her ;: but it was only for a mo ment. She then camo forward anel performed her duties. Doctor Stone anei Aunt Sarah were having a very interesting discussion, and probably he would not have noticed Margaret if she had not called his attention to her. 'This is the girl whose cooking wo have been praising,' she said, more determined thanevcr to coax her away. Doctor Stone looked up with a pleasant »mile at the blushing girl, when hu uttered an excla mation of surprise and half rose from his chair. Margaret folt that it was timo for her to leave, and, did so as. quickly and quietly as possible. ' What is the matter, doctor ? You look us if you bad seen a ghost,' said Mary sharply. ? He murmured something and looked . to his hostess for help, but that naughty littlo woman seemed as much surprised as tliu rest. ' Don't you think— did you not notice the re semblance ?' ' Between whom ?' \- .Luur servant ana miss moore. ' Now that you speak of it, I. believe I do. There in something about Peggy's eyes that made me think of my friend.' Mr. Thome looked as if ho wore going to speak, hut a little private telegram from his wife made him change his mind. Thii men started away soon after dinner. Lutie managed to whisper to' the doctor that Aunt Sarah and Mary would be out tho next evening, and if he would call she thought she could explain that resemblance;. H-e looked more mystified than over, but promised he would come. It took considerable strategy to make Mar garet put on her most becoming dress and go to tho door when the bell rang. Sho thought Lutio meant mnehief, and when Doctor Stone stopped into the hall nuil look both of her hands in his, saying, ' Can it be possible that it was you I saw yesterday, or have you just arrived ? Fray explain this mystery,' Bbe folt sure it was a plot, anel was unable to say a word. Lutie came iu and told the story in such a way. that Doctor Stone saw at onco how blind aud foolish he had been. The words he could not utter three months before to this elegant Mies Moore now trembled on bis lips. Lutie, seeing this, slipped »way. Aunt Sarah aud Mary returned to be iutrc-; duced to the future Mrs. Stone, and were dumb from wrath. The next train carried them home, Lutie secretly hoping they might stay there. As they believe she was the chief offender in this plot to circumvent their plans it is likely they will. Margaret maken the doctor an excellent wife, and has never for a moment regretted the time when she actbd as ' the i.ew cook.' 