aolv It Unction of the Rev. H. M Tl]e +l the Yaokaudandah charge W'arO *- Thursday the 4th met. took p'a-j ^,jie church was filled, *! Lhein£* 'ar^e sprinkling from fr denominations present. ° ft service was a very impressive !nd was conducted by the KeT. one 'tnr Sutton of Melbourne, fi'eoe Ppv Mr Pennicott of oicfPfl DV l'' 1 nv'f.h Ordinary evening ^Cwasconducted at the earlier sel'V' tlien special psalms the 12lsfc s'f,v, ,d were rendered and prayers iopmte to the occasion. The f ir at this stage again rendered c,l-,14 psaluiiu the form of an fhcV the word« being especially ft' ropriate. some of them being- also in rlio Precentor's* address to the K«v H- M' ^arry' The fo11owinff *s the anthem as rendered \- ik —I will lift 'l1 mine eyes unto the Mis 'from whenc,J e-jmefch m-v he'p. ppet -Treble? aud altos.— My help coinetli eveii from the Lord who hath made heaven and c h r t i i ? ?n-ET— Alto and tenor. Mrs Dunstan and Mr Thompson— My help coinetli even from the Lord. e 0 ? Tenor, Mr G- Dolphin.— The Lord ^himself is thy keeper. The Lord is thy defence upon fchy right hand T)riT - Miss Moore and Miss Dolphin. — bo that the sun shall not burn thee by day, neither the moon by night. \- 0IK ? The Lord shall preserve thee from ali evil, yea it is He that shall keep thy soul. The Lord shall preserve thy going out and coining in from this time forth for erersiore. Amen. Daring the course of the special prayers on his behalf and addresses to him delivered by the Precentor fl,P Rev. H- M. Warry knelt before the altar steps, and this peculiarly j solemn service was rendered more impressive l\v a few minutes silent prayer by the eongi egation, the choir then renderiug the hymn 'Yeni Creator ' a prayei for the gift of the Holy Gfeost, vrhile still on their knees. The sermox by the Precentor vras on the promise of Christ to send the f iiiif n ter iu these words, ' If I go. ] ,vin ,-i nd him to you.' Did Christ tuep His promise r If so. how do we know that he did r Have we realised the presence of the Hoiy Ghost ? He would proceed to point out several farts which would help us to realise that the Comforter had indeed been teir, First, br the Christian year. Huw does tins act as a proof P The Christian year begins with the birth t-f Chriit. then comes the tragic story of the Crucifixion, our Lord's Resur rection. then the calm, grand end of his stay «-n earth, ending with His friorioi!.* Ascension. But that, was not ali. ^ as thib not followed by the Day of PeDtecost, indicated by oar Whit Sunday r Was there not c-Ti-h'tice of the Church's belief in the eomiiip of the Holy Ghost, and as the bnd to go to Jerusalem tor three festivals, so should the Church endV.vror to keep our three great festivals — Xmas, Easier and Whit Sunday — by partaking of the Holy Communion on those days especially. Secondly. The Christian Doctrine was a pntof that we realized the Holy Ghost, for tbe Christian Doctrine was a belief in the Holy Trinity; it was in fact the only religion that taught of God in his fulness as Father, Son and Holy Spirit. The Nicene creed, and Com mon Seivice. the Gospels and Epistles in th-' New Testament were fnrther prop's of o»r faith in the Trinity. Bnt we wanted more than faith. Wo wanted to feel the per sonality 'f th-* Holy Spirit. Our soals needed it iu trouble, wf needed more than mere scientific des« ;it.i w»n and tbi th' Church gave *s. There ini?''»-i! fnrrlicr evidence in the ( Umtimi cl.ni oh. for as a body *v-uld he wit hour its spirit, breath, S' won id tlip Church become * corpse *it!-oiii t]h* Holy Spirit. Without tlie ftpirii ihp Church was never bom, and without ii it could not exist. He did not say tfccir was no Spirit- with out Church. To s^y that was to deny that the Spirit worked in man in dividually, but be did assert there would be no living Church without le Spirit We should pray con tinually ?- Take not thy Holy Spirit from us, for without that to help us OUt- worship would be empty, our work valueless, our preaching vain.' Ordained ministers were meant to be used as instruments of a higher power than thsir own, but even supposing a minister were unworthy, God would j still be in their midst. He said this ! to warn them that tbe Church did ! oof belong to the world, but to God. TheyBhould encourage theirministers. He asked them to encourage the brother about to be ordained. He came m God's name, to do God's work, with power to be the humble instru ment of His Holy Spirit. They must P»v for hinj and for a blessing on his works. In conclusion the rev. gentle man observed that the most striking proof of the p1 esence of the Holy Spirit must be found in themselves. The Christian life would furnish all the testimony they needed. The Holy Spirit showed them their faults, strove with them, helped them to overcome their sins and to keep their £°°d resolutions. During the offertory the choir |^e®r'e-red the benediction anthem ? !^our breathe an evening bless , Miss Molyneux singing the Treble Solo. At the conclusion of the service the visiting clergymeneulogised the choir, *na complimented the organiRt on e manner in which the anthems had een rendered. The Rev. Precentor button remarked that he had never teard anthems better rendered in any country choir. Both he and Mr ennicott were agreeably surprised. e nnal anthem was particularly mired, t.be changes ot key and ex pression rendering it veiy efiective. course the choir had worked particularly hard to master the diffi culties of their pieces knowing that ? ® ▼iBitors would be men to whom music weald be torture, but tbei deserve the mere credit for this. It 5 be regretted that some alight I changes were made in the other I musical portions ©f the Service at the last, moment, and this combined with nervousness inseparable from the occasion detracted from the usual j perfect swing of the chants and hymns. The church interior looked at its best, the curator, Mr Paulsen, hav- ! ing taken special pains to make it ! look its brightest. The lamps were brilliantly polished, an extra chandeliei illuminated for the , occasion, and as t he doors, windows, ! e^°-' been recently re-painted, the effect was very pleasing. SUNDAY SERTICE. On the following Sunday Divine Service was conducted to good con gregations by the Rev. H. M. Warry, the new incumbent of Holy Trinity Church. His discourse was taken from the Epistle of Paul to the Corinthians. The rev. gentleman began bv ex plaining that when the apostle^was called to the Church in Corinth there had been great dissensions in the Church, and in this epistle Paul expostulates -with them saying ' Who is Paul or who is Apollos ? I have planted, Apollos watered, but God gives the increase.' He then pro ceeded to define the duties of a clergyman, and in an earnest address which appealed strongly to his hearers, besought their sympathies and assistance for himself and his work. A minister, he said, should not be regarded for his personal: qualifications but for his work. He j was pleased to see so large a gather- I ing. Perhaps they had come with mixed motives. He begged them to remember that a minister is only a man, encumbered with infirmities and beset with temptations even more than other men. A minister had great responsibilities. He would endeavor to do his duty, to preach the story of tbe Cross. He would leave questions of theory and political subjects to other men. He would endeavor to keep his pulpit for the theme of Christ, and Him crucified. A minister was a steward and a steward should be faithful.' There might be dissensions in a congregation, and some members might be disposed to view his actions uncharitably if lie did not take this side or that side. He begged them to remember a minister's duty was to be the same to all. The congregation also had their duties to perform. ' Be ye lovers of the Word, and not hearers only ' was a divine command to them, and also 'Bear ye one another's burdens.' He asked for their prayers,- their attendance at church and their sympathy. He, as a steward, had the privilege of exten ding to them the spiritual mysteries of the Christian Church. He hoped they would come, not in a critical mood, but to pray and praise, and with hearts predisposed to receive a blessing. Some might say they could pray at home, but did they do so P There was one thing these did not do, they did not honor God be fore men. By attending- church ser vices they did this. He besought his own people to be regular in their attendance. H» desired to be one with them, that there might be love and confidence between him and his congregation as long as he remained with them. If they hnmbly tried tried to follow Christ, they would gain a robe of righteousness hereafter. 