OR FOR THE LOVE OF A BONNIE SCOTCH LASSIE. By ST. GEORGE RATHBORXE. Author of “Under Egyptian Skies,’’ •Miss Pauline'of Now york(.. Etc CHAPTER VII.—DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND. The picture when Travers proclaims his identity is certainly one well worth seeing, especially the consternation stamped upon the features of that re markable man with whom Jack holds ills interview. Serior Roblado is apparently stricken dumb for the time being; the hand that .holds the smoking cigar trembles as might an aspen leaf, and his fierce black eyes under the shaggy- grey brows are fastened on the Yankee with the look of w hungry wolf. “You are the genuine Jack Travers! You who sit there dare to tell me that as coolly as you might speak of your cigarro! Poor Dios! man, 1 admire your nerve, though you have come near shat tering mine with your devilish intelli gence. I feared treachery: I prepared tlgainst it, but hola! you overwhelm me. Htili, a rtobindo never surrenders; me sometimes die in the last ditch." . “All, senor,” laughs the tantalising ■Jack, “you remember I warned you it was full thirty feet from my- window, anti a hard pavement that of .Princes street. Don’t do anything to tempt me, T beg.” The senor. who has risen half-way from his chair, drops back again ; one glance at the muscular figure of the American has convinced the Spaniard that lie cannot hope at his age to cope ' with such an athlete. “All the Fates must be against me to bring you here at such a time. I be lieved you dead, Jack Travers,” he . growls, hardly- knowing what else to say. “So did my dear friend Howard, and he had good reason to believe himself haunted by my ghost, since it was by his orders I was waylaid, robbed, and thrown into Dead Horse Canyon, But I am a favorite of Fortune, and ’£ escaped, as you see, to baflle your schemas.” “Then we have lost everything. You have swept the board, Senor Jack; but ' there is one.thing still left to me.” Senor Roblado has no longer his hand upon the throttle-valve controlling his emotions, which, up to this moment, have been kept in wonderful control, considering liis fiery nationality-. The barrier is swept down by that fierce rush of the tide, and as he hisses across the table, his usually suave countenance takes on the expression of a fiend. The crisis is at hand. Thanks to his long training, .Tack knows just how to meet such an emer gency. He has one elbow resting on the table, and supports his head care lessly with this hand. "What might that be, senor?” he Smiles. ; “Revenge. A Spaniard never for gives an injury. I have lost a fortune, it may be, but in return 1 mean to have rr-your life!” With the words, the. fiery Castilian gentleman suddenly- produces a revolver, i and presents it at the head of his com panion. It is so close that Jack can look into the chambers and see the lead en- messengers snugly - ensconced, and • awaiting the signal to go forth. He sees something more. \--■>“Aha! you do not flinch. You are a man- of nerve; but that shall not sdve you. See, the clock yonder is about to • strike the half-hour. When it sounds I shall fire. This day, which has seen the charming Jessie a wife, shall also see her a widow;” and his manner declares that, regardless Of consequences, Rob lado is bent on revenge. “Ah, senor, you have been in America, in Cuba, and learned of their ways; but there is one thing you seem to have for gotten which no cowboy in Texas ever omits that is, to pull hack the hammer of your gun before you shoot.” The Spaniard gives a cry of bitter chagrin, and draws back ins arm to remedy- the fault, When Jack’s foot flies up from the side of the table, and the pointed toe of his boot coming, in contact with Roblado’s wrist, the instantaneous result is a re volve-r whirling across the apartment. A sn.-u-l of rage from the senor. “Sit you down, sir,” says Jack, calmly, and there is a terrible emphasis to his .voice that has an effect on Roblado, . though in all probability he is influenced more by the sight of a little shining wea pon which Jack lias taken from the drawer of the table, and the hammer of .which is drawn back. Roblado is not a madman, therefore he refrains from rushing on certain death. Fuming with rage, he drops back into . his chair, a picture of unutterable fury. “Now, sir, let us have an understand ing. I shall put my weapon away again, since I believe you will come to your •-senses and realise there are better ways of getting even than by murder.” A sparkle of cunning flashes into the eyes of the don; he lias suddenly remem : . bered that, after all, when the game ap pears lost, he has a winning card up his sleeve. The girl! She.is in his power—she believes in his affection for her, and will do what he says. It has appeared to him a great joke that the man selected to stand up with lier in the marriage of convenience should lose his heart to the wife to whom . -he has given his word of honor never to • seek again. Now he sees in this fact the one weak spot in Jack’s armor — the chalice for evening up matters—and Se Hor;Roblado begins to come again to his senses. He picks up his cigar from the table Where it has fallen, and replacing it be \- tween his strong white teeth, endeavors to imitate the ciever coolness of the American. “You seem to run this game as you see fit, faenor Jack. Tell me what you pro pose doing in the way of terms,” he says, sullenly-. “Of. course you realise Lhat. I hold the fort. My identity has been, proven, and I am now in a position to claim the Whole estate. A portion will eventually fall to the lady in the case, but some lime must elapse before this can be done. In the meantime, senor, I would like to con tribute to the support of—my wife.” The Spaniard smiles coldly. As he realises the power of his one trump card, his old cunning returns, though now re inforced by a desperate hatred for this man, who has play-ed with him as a cat ■does with a mouse. He can never for give such humiliation. “To what extent does the senor mean to go?” Anything reasonable until she comes ■into her own. As I am forbidden to see her by the terms of our agreement. I -shall have to deal through you, as her agent.” ■ “Will you draw me a cheque for ten 'ihousand pounds now?” * I will not. That sort of game don’t 'Work, my dear senor. A thousand v.-ould 596 s<ro you through in good shape until mat ters can be arranged. This is no black mailing game.” Did I say ten thousand ? I meant twenty, or it might be thirty,” pursues Hoblado, vindictively. "You jest, surely?” ‘•Ahi you refuse. She shall know hew much you care for her comfort. Ten thousand—it mere pittance, sir—a crumb from your abundance. But I do not de pend upon your generosity to live. Por Dios! I have other means. We can wait until she comes into her own—yes, wait in the sun-kissed isle beyond the sea. where the cold winds never freeze the warm blood of a Spanish gentleman. Keep your pounds, Senor Jack; neither I nor my daughter would touch one of them, lest it should chill our hearts. Af ter all, the case does not turn out so badiy, since she will come into her third.” Jack hardly lipars the last of his chat ter. One sentence has ri vetted his attention, and caused him considerable alarm. “You speak of quitting Great Britain— of going to the isle across the sea. Sure ly you do not mean Cuba, senor?” he asks. “Why not? My interests lie there, and my hist wife is buried in Havana. Yes, I surely mean Cuba,” retorts Rohlado, glad to see-he has given his opponent a “That fever-racked, war-tossed coun try! Take her there at this time! You must not.” “Senor, I smMi*. Am I your vassal that you should use such language to me ? I go where' l”please, and when ! please. -V Spanish gentleman does not take his orders from a Yankee.” Don Rafael rises to his feet and folds his arms at-ross his chest. Now his atti tude is simply superb. As a painter he1 has studied how to pose; and but for the serious subject that engages his at tention, Jack would feel in the humor for clapping his hands and applauding the picture presented to him of a proud Spanish grandee. "But Jessie; I will not permit-” cannot prevent her aecompany ing me of her own free will.” "She is my wife.” "In name only. You yourself have agreed never to exercise any rights of a husband unless she so wills. You dare not deny it There is no law that can prevent her travelling with her father. We sail from this country; site disap pears from your sight for ever. Ah 1 Senor Jack, who laughs now? It is per haps my turn. Titus am I revenged. I was a fool to think of violence since there is a better way through the heart. See, with your permission I pick up my dis carded firearm and return it to my poc ket. I would not injure a hair of your head—here; but if you dare to follow me to that land beyond the sea, the hour may come when the insult you have offered me to-day will be wiped out in blood, sir. Now, 1 am going, and if we never meet again, you can occasion ally remember, as in a dream, the charm ing Scotch lassie who, on your wedding night, came into and went out of your life for ever. Adios. Senor Jack;” and with his mocking laughter floating into Travers’ ears. Rohlado bows himself out, leaving the American still seated at the table. 