fPfrfRY&ytl;# PfEAS' A Federal Anagram— The Flourishing Flower Girl —A Boy's Story— Cost of Gaols- What Will He Do With Them ?-Ra!Iway Gram- mrians— Consecrated Milk An old friend of mine sends me what he calls an anagram, over which he is obviously chuckling. I am not ashamed to confess that at first I was not quite certain as to what an anagram was, so I turned to my dictionary, and then I remembered. Everybody knows the game, in which you are given a word, and told to construct another word or, short sentence out of iL_ It seems that in former times importance was attach ed to them, by Plato amongst other people, on the ground that there was some relation of them to the character or destiny of the persons from whose names they were formed. Whether this is so in the case of my friend's anagram, I must leave it to others to decide. Any how, the view proved correct enough in the anagram composed upon the name of Florence Nightingale, which was, "Flit On, Cheering Angel." Having af forded this explanation for the benefit of people who are no wiser than I was at first, I may present my friend's ana gram, merely premising that it is only intended as a harmless joke, and has no offensive meaning. He lias discovered that the word Federation can be ana- grammed (that ought to be a dictionary word, if it. isn't) into "One Fat Reid." And he further presents it as "Fat Reid Won." But I don't think either Plato or Socrates would approve of a phonetic anagram. There is not a more kindly-natured or more truthful man in the "Force" than Constable Strickland. Therefore, when he says that there are flower sellers in Swanston street who caa sometimes niake twelve shillings a day, it is as the dictum of the Mikado. Taking an aver age per week, it would probably mean about ten bob a" day. Be it so. That is nearly the pay of "Captain Jinks, of the Horse Marines," and no "horse to feed upon corn and beans." Why, then, should I labor and toil these hard times with a van to keep in order and a horse to feed before I can put a penny in my own pocket, when there is such a field open to me? Perish the thought. No. I will dye my moustache, cultivate a foreign accent — not Dutch — sing "Santa Lucia " through my nose, and offer for sale the joyous jonquil, the modest violet, and the blooming boronia in defiance of all that Ham and Co. or Chambers and Seymour may say to the contrary. So long as I keep moving Strickland will not inter fere with me. "For he himself lias said It," and, what is more, "it's" greatly to his credit. Master Stanley Evans, of North Mel bourne, aged ten years, has told the po lice a strange story. There is nothing about CassimBaba or a cave of jewels in it, but there is something like a giant. For, as Master Stanley was returning from a visit to his aunt, with the com paratively large sum of twelve shillings in his pocket, a middle - aged man of Herculean proportions suddenly advanc ed upon him, swung him over his shoul- . der, after true bandit fashion, carried him off to a neighboring cowshed, and there quietly, but firmly, deprived him of his money, adding insult to injury by the ferocious remark that Ire was sorry the boy himself was not negotiable." There is sad truth in this remark. A boy of ten is not negotiable — I never yet heard of anybody who wanted to adopt one. You might, if he were remarkably fat or thin, or if he had ten toes on one foot, hire him out to a waxworks or a circus. But if he be an ordinary boy. as a negotiable medium he is worthless. You couldn't even raise a bath, bun or a drink on him. He is neither a thing of beauty nor a joy. You can't put him up to auction. No constable would take him in satisfaction of a distress war rant. You can "endorse" him with a cane — but lie is still of "no account. .If preternaturaliy sharp, an A.N. A. debat ing club might' do something with him. But in ordinary life he is simply a nuis- ance, too young to be told to "stop on the burning deck," and too old to be sent below to turn in with the babies. That Mr F. J. Sincock has no faith in our present method of dealing with drunkenness is, to me, and many .others, a matter of indifference. The problem has puzzled society for ages, and will continue to do so till the milennium. As a matter of fact, there is no man more repentant than the drunkard himself, especially when a recuperative brandy- and-soda is not handy. But when Mr Sincock says that the whole staff and paraphernalia of the Mansfield Gaol are maintained to watch and look after a daily average of one prisoner, he be comes practical, and the matter wants looking into. As for the statement that there are 7500 male prisoners in our gaols to 1900 women, well, it is credit able to the gentler sex that they are in the minority. At the same time, that a governor and five or six warders should be kept to look after one prisoner, is paying the latter too much attention. I want to meet Mr Shoppee, the Mayor of Ballarat, Shoppee of the umbrella, who, side by side with the General, stood dauntless on the mullock heap when the decisive chax-ge was made at the battle of Ballarat. He is a man of humor. Humor of the practical kind, without doing injury to anyone. He wouldn t hurt a flea, much less a noisy brother councillor. Therefore, lie is only humorous when he says that he will load up the begging Gypsies that are coming to town in two furniture vans, and dump them down in front of the Premier's house, at St. Kilda. He knows that Sir George, though he is the soul of economy with Government money, is of a free and lavish disposition private ly, and that his heart will turn with warm sympathy towards the wandering Bohemians, whether they come from the cedars of Lebanon or the groves of Thessaly. He would be genial even to a Turk. Besides, there is a pretty girl of seventeen amongst them, and there is a charm to many men in the dark eyes of an Eastern beauty. Mr Shoppee prob- ably remembers the old Egyptian story of the hermit who, when tempted by such a one, passed her on to a distant brother. What will Sir George do? Mr Styles, of Williamstown, may be an excellent engineer and a fair average specimen of tlie genus member of Par liament. But, as one of the Standing Railway Committee, or whatever else it is called, he is simply wildly hilar ious, not to say poetic. According' to his idea the figures and statistics fur nished by the officers of the Railway de partment only show that they ai e not "grammarians." He might as well say that they are not poets. Had he said that they were not versed 'in the old art of "gramarye" I could understand him, for if ever anything was ever like "white magic" it is a railway time-table, let alone the more abstruse calculations which the department occasionally fur nishes for the bewilderment of the gene ral public. But why "grammar"?'' The great Coker himself didn't shine much" in that direction, and I defy even the ghost of Nelson to see much literary and grammatical style in Napier's loga rithms. The most amusing part of it is that the style of Styles himself as evinced in his statements and interroga tories, comes rather as a surprise upon the students of ordinary grammar if there be sticb. He is like a- man I jmovtSSs who, so long as his "predicates" — as haI3j| calls them — are, in his opinion, rlgbtjffijH doesn't careyi'hether the remainder 'o£: 31 his sentences are " tapsalteerie" otherwise." As for the railway peoplev gf an effort to combine good grammar with!, arithmetical correctness might onljg make matters worse than they are. .v»| " Dot is getting on a bit in years, thougli ?fj you mustn't tell her I said so, and, al- !8:i though we are not wealthy people, U. . have a few pounds in my chest. So one ,-fl day I suggested to Dot that it might! "'i cheer up the house if we two old people were to have a young face about the "fj house. That was my .diplomacy, youl j see. Dot didn't see it. She said: "We have been young together, John, and wa can grow old together comfortably surely?" So, of course, I had to come tof the point. You can't deceive a goodl . woman. And, after talking the matter. over, Dot admitted that she sometimes found the house-work a bit hc.avy. Sa --J we got a young girl to come in and help. Now, you know, butter and milk have been a bit expensive this year, and care ful Dot has been economising by using both condensed and concentrated milk.- I And, upon the supplier of these delicacies 5 arriving at the house one morning, both! he and Dot were somewhat taken aback) on hearing the domestic remark: "We- don't want 110 consecrated milk to-dayi Missus says she's got plenty." It waa tlie lack of education which made poor) Bridget put The Sign of tlie Cross upenp this milk. JOHN rEERYBlNGLE. v 