REVELATIONS OF A DETEC- T1VE. BY JAMES M'GOVAN TOE JAPANNED CASH BOX " You're wanted up at the office." A policeman tapped me on the shoulder. With these words, as I was going down the High Htruct nt a ntnnrt walk. " No ?" I said Incredulously, for I had just loft It, unci on business too. " It's true ; 1 was sent to call you back, t rather think there's a man there who Will speak to nobody but you." 1 got back at nncu, and saw the " man" —a gentleman of between forty and fifty —seated In n chair, and -looking very ex cited and exhnustcil. He had n peculiar appearance. He was prematurely old. Ills hair had been Jet black, but was now thickly Interspersed with grey and Silvery while. Ills face had evidently been handsome, but It was now sunken and bloated, and his eye, now dull und leaden, only at intervals; showed gleams of brilliance and power. A glance told me he was a drunkard. "You are Mr M'CJovan ?" he said, speaking with quiet dignity. " I must sneak with you alone." The room was cleared at once and I waited In quiet curiosity for him to speak. " My name Is Tlamsay. T have called about a strange thing that has been done fo inc. which I don't think that it Is right for a quiet Inoffensive person like myself to submit to," he begun, with growing ex citement. " I don't know who is the author of the outrage— that you must discover. 1 spoke of It to my Inndlndy, and she professes to know nothing about It. Perhaps she. too. Is in the plot." He appeared to expect an answer, bo I sold " Perhaps. Would you be good enough to state what the. outrage was ?" " Briefly this : I rent a room In Buc- eteuch street. Z have always paid the rent regularly— eight shillings a week— and 1 am bound to confess the landlady has hitherto hecn kind und attentive. Last night, however, I suddenly discover ed that phe had knocked u hole right through the wall at a comer of the room next to the buck green. I felt a little cold, of courfle, but made no complaint, until three or four fcroclous-looklng wolves came In by thu aperture and seized me by the small of the back. I cried out, for they were sucking tho very heart nut of me, and the moment the landlady appeared they retreated by the hole and disappeared. Well, what do you think ? When I complained of thorn, und tho hole by which they hud entered, she had the audacity to say that there was no a hole there ! Yet the very moment she was gone they came and uguin fas tened on my back. They have left mo so weak that I could hardly walk here." Before he had got half of this spoken I saw what wan wrong. The man was ouffering from delirium tremens. " I will bring a gentiemnn to you who Will be able to advise you much bettor than I can," I said, and shortly returned with n medical Inspector. My opinion wna at once confirmed, and the doctor took me aside and whispered : "Tuke him home In a cab and send for his doctor. Ho Is evidently a gentleman, and would not like the idea of being at tended ns a pauper by a public medical man," and. 'then turning to tho visitor, he talked to him smoothlngly and good- humorcdly till the cab had arrived. I accompanied him, and hat) to listen to pome strange talk on the way. " I know I can' trust you." he said, con fidentially, " hut there Is one point which I may tell you I have not yet touched Upon. 1 am afraid 1 will not be allowed to enter my room, even when we get there." " Not enter your room I— and why I" " Because when I was leaving 1 heard Borne officers from Ireland enter and take possession of U, saying they were In search of me as a. Fenian." w To soothe him I assured him that I would soon send the "omcor»" to tho right-about. lie appeared pleased, but soon began on another tack, from which he wns not so easily diverted. , "Would you believe It— they nrc also plotting against me to Hteal my watch." 1 glnnccd at his waistcoat. No traces of a watch were visible. "Ah, you need not look there for it," ho put In quickly. "It is too valuuhle to l>c carried. I will show it to you when we get to the lodging. It was my mother's. It Is nearly a hundred years old, and was once ln'tho poss'esLion of George II. They Buy that the curving on It Is never equal led nowadays," I thoughtthnttho watch and Its belong ings were the offspring of IiIh own dis ordered brain, tint I was wrong. 1 said E would he glnd to look at It. 'And who are they that wish to steal It?" I nsked.funcylng nt the moment that be looked tolerably sane. Tho unsettled look returned to his eyes. "I don't know," he said, ffdgetlng un easily. "Perhaps you can find out that for me. Of this, however, 1 am almost certain — she Is one of them." "Who?" "My landlady," The words were given In an excited Whisper." and with an Impressive laying of the finger on tho lip. The cab stop ped at tho name moment. The landlady, 11 decent-looking, hard working widow, appeared grcntly reliev ed nt the sight nf her lodger. One look passed between us, and we understood each other perfectly. As for the lodger, he walked Into the kitchen and quietly oat down on one of the well-scrubbed chairs. "Oh. I'm poo gled ye've brocht him bnck again," whispered the landlady with tears In her eyes. "He wad hac oot, un' I was frlchten oot o' my Judgment wl' his ongnuns, so I Jlst let 'um gang." "Have his medical man here Immedia tely, I sold quietly. "I will stay till you come back, and try and get him tn bed. Tour house will be quite safe with mc." and I mentioned my name and employ ment, and she hurried off. "Hadn't you better go Into your own room now?" I suggested to Mr Itamsay, "I would prefer It much to sitting here, It Is bo cold," he shlvcringly replied; "but ill© officer— they are waiting for me?" "Oh, I soon will get rid of tbem," Z sold, moving towards the door. He Jumped and caught me by the arm. "No, no, you would only irritate them," to fearfully whispered, "BtiU, if you would go In and say that tho gentleman Is cold, and tfoutd be obliged If they woald let him tome in, perhaps they 'would stretch a point, and allow it." I nodded, got Into the room, and re- 1 turned with the word that It was "oil j , right." Then ho followed mo like a child. "When ho got Into the room, he began fumbling away under the bed-tick, as if In march of something, and I hiul a mo ment to look round. All his things were arranged with great neatness and care. Among other articles which caught my eye was a shining little Japnnned tin box standing on thu j top of a neat letter-rack, and legibly lettered— Cosh. My reason for mention- i Ing It In particular will appear before 1 1 am done.' Another fact may us well be borne In tnlnd— the lious» l»eing on the - first floor, to raise tho win-low and step ' out Into thu back green would not only have been practicable, but easy. Well, who then was the thief? 1 turned to my companion. His .inn was now burled to the shoulder between the bed tick and. thu mattress, und to my surprise he pulled It forth, and with It a mugnlllcent gold watch. lie placed it in my hands for inspec tion, and I must say that bis encomiums had not been In the least extravagant. It was u splendid piece of workman ship. The figures carved on the back "Rood out fully an eighth of an Inch In relief. 1 prnJaod it and admired It warmly, saw hiin stow It away In Its hiding place, nnd then induced him to strip himself and gut into bed. Noon the doctor arrived, and I turned to leave. "Watch her— keep your eye on her!" he eagerly whispered to mo, with his eye , llxed fearfully on the landlady. "I'm sure she wishes to steal ILF would rather lose my life than that watch. Will you promise, Mr— Mr— I've forgotten your name?" "I promise— sho shall not touch it if I know It." He appeared relieved — smiled out faintly, und bade me good day. Then I left, nnd raw him no more. But I heard nbout him. One day, about a week after, tho land lady appeared at the office wringing her hands and crying most bitterly. She asked for me, but it was some time be fore she was calm enough to give me the following particulars. Mr Ramsay, her lodger, won dend. After I had left him, and ho hud taken a composing uruugnt, he liau appeared to be a good dvul better.co much so that j at night his own request that he should be left alone wan I compiled with, In the middle of I the night, however, the landlady was awakened by hearing him rummaging about the room, atul shutting and open ing windows, doors, and taxes. The sound.; did not cease or abate In any degne. On the contrary, they went on Increasing till she Imagined he wan per forming a rapid race round the room, overturning everything ns he ran. A sudden booming crash made her leap out of bed und rush Into the room. A woe ful scene of wreck met her eyes. A splendid mirror was smashed to atoms, and tho floor and ffrcpinco was one litter of broken china, ornaments, hooks, papers, chairs, bottles, and other odds nnd ends. Mr. Ramsay wns sitt- j lt)g on a chair In his drawers nnd 1 nightshirt quite unhurt, chuckling I quietly to himself, nnd remarking that 1 he had had a gi-.iml chose after them round the corners " like a steam en gine." Of course, he tvns put to bcil, and watched unremittingly by the land lady from that time : but this appear ! od to he the last effort of the dreadful malady, for he gradually sank, and In two days was no tnore. Now came the cause of the landlady's distress. Ills friends bad been tele graphed for, and had arrived that morn ing. The llrst thing they looked for was the gold watch he had shown me. Tt wan gone. The room was searched, und every box ransacked In vain. Then some strange looks, and some words— pcrluipH heedlessly dropped—caused tho honest widow to stmt round and hotly demand whether they thought she had stolen it? Some awkward words fol lowed. and then, bursting' Into tenre, the widow came running till the way to the office lo seek iny advice. "Did you look between the bed-tick and the mattress?" I asked. "No," "I will go with you; I think you will find It there."' I went, but we did not find It there. I looked foolinh. find felt angry. I had made sure of finding It where I had seen him hide It. Mr Ramsay's brother, who luid superintended the process, appeared equally puzzled and concerned. . 1 turned to the landlady. "Has no one else been In the room?" "No a body, sir, as I'm a leaving wo man. He hud sae inuny vnluublu things that 'I was feared, on' Iceeplt the door aye locked, an' the key in my pocket." "Who dressed the body? I suppose it wns drcAsed before It was taken into tho other room?" "I dressed him myself. Oh. sir. I line been as carcfu' o his things as if they were my nln, nnd I wadna wrung a Ilea," tearfully, returned the landlady. "I cannu, for thu life o' mo, think hoo tho watch has gaeu amisRin'." I ran my eye round the room In as complete a maze as herself. Everything had been tidied up, but 1 missed some thing. "Who cleaned up the room?" I asked a Utile sharply. "I cleaned It up myself." "Then, where did you put the little Japanned tax that stood un the letter ruck there?" "I never saw it. I hacna seen It for ttboot a week, I think; no' ulncc that day you brocht hint hamc." "Thut's strange." . "Yes, I thocht sae, though he never kept onyllilng in It. an' I spoke tac him aboot it next day." "You did. WeU. what did lie say?" "Ho said something, but ho dldna spcuk It .tn© inc. lie whispered it tac the doctor." "And you have never seen the box ulncc?" "No; I dinna believe It's tho boose." "Very good. Perhaps tho watch and It have gone together. Don't worry yourself about them, Mrs Reld; perhaps they'aro safe enough j" und I at once took leave and tnado my way to George square. I found the doctor at home, and with some difficulty obtnlncd nn Interview. "Did' Mr Riuntray entrust you with any article of value— a watch, for Instance?" 1 naked, when 1 had Introduced myself. He stared. "Never," he Bald nt last. "Never hinted at such a thing." "Whew I Here was a blow to my hopes. "Not a llttlo cash box, made of Ja panned tin?" I added, still faintly cling ing to the idea. "Nothing— nothing." "Do you not remember seeing such an article on the table in his room?" "I cannot say that I do." "Try to think. "When you were In tho room the day after you wore called In did tho landlady, In your hearing, not ask My Ramsay about such a box?" "Yes,, I believe she did." . "Canryou recollect his answer?" "Yes. It was an odd one. Ho whim pered to ino that uhe wished to rob him of his watch." "Did he say anythliig-qn'oro on Uio subject?" / ... . "Not a word. lie .was' only raving : bull am certain he spoke no.inhre-about the, watch while I remained." ' That was all that I could get out of him. 4® I came away my reflections were. of a rather rueful character.. Here was a pretty moss to unravel. A watch was gone, and with It on empty tin box; and. so far as I could judge, no ordi nary thief had taken JL From tho first, I may say, I laid it down that thu widow was the rub. Hol we only known how tho watch. had gone— hud a burglary been -committed, a pocket picked, or a dishonest person admitted to the room— the tracking of the criminal would have been plain sailing. A minute description of the missing articles wns distributed among the whole rorce, and the whole city — slums, brokers, known receivers, pawnshops, and Jewel- lers — overhauled and ransacked. Rut we didn't get thein. Worse, we didn't so much as. hear of them. I wns neither surprised nor disappoin ted. It was exactly what 1 had antici pated. Rut I wns surprised when I re ceived the following scrap of writing one afternoon a few days later. It wns brought lo tho head office In breathless haute by - ragamuffin, and written In pencil:— Come with the bearer. I've found the tld of the cash box. A little hoy had a string tied to It, nnd was using It as a go-cart, at the head of the West Port. I'm waiting here for his father coming in from hln woi 1- M'SWEENY. West Port. 4.20. 1 at once got to the house— the squalid garret of an Irish laborer— and found M'Sweeny making himself useful by handling a refractory child on his knee, and flympnthlsingly condoling with the mother. He showed me the Jupannod lid. and, though It was a good deal scratched. I knew It at once. He had noticed It in the child's possession on the street, had got out of him that "his father gave it hirn," had taken him home, nnd was now patiently wailing for his father to muke his appearance. We had not long to wait. He came In hot. tired, nnd dusty, and naturally looked surprised at finding strangers awaiting him. I showed him the lid. "Where did you get that?" "Sure I found It— there's no harm In that, is there?" "Not the least. Can you remember whore you found It?" "Fullh I can. 'Twos In front of a watchmaker's shop in the Lothian road." "Which— the one near the shop?" "Yes. It was lying among the sweep ings. Tho box was there, too, hut It was crushed and broken, so I didn't lift It." "We gave the man a trifle and loft the house, taking the lid with us. Two minutes' walk brought us to tho watch maker's shop In the Lothian road. Before entering we took a look at the window. All at once we both whlntlcd right out, and Incredulously faced each other. There, staring us in the face, with Its beautifully-carved back turned out wards. was the missing 'watch. I Unlike every other watch in tho win dow, it had no ticket or price attuched. | We entered the shop and were nt once attended to hy a young lad, who, I was glad to say, did not know either of us. "Would you let mo hoc that gold watch with the carved hack now in the win dow?" It was placed In my hand, and If had any doubt ns to its identity it must have vanished nt! once. "What is thu price?" I carelessly In quired. "i rather think there Is no prlct put upon it yet " wns tho answer. "It has only been In the window a few hours. Wo only got It Inst night," "Ah. I sec, We belong to the detec tive staff, will you lot mc look at your hook containing the entries for yestcr- dny?" "I can let you see the book, but T don't think you will find that entered In It." "And why?" "Because we didn't buy It." "Didn't buy It? Then who left II?" "An intimate friend of my father's. He left it on condition that if we sold it ho would give us whatever commission we chose to nsk on llie transaction." "His name nnd nddress? ' He opened tho bnck of iho watch, took out a thin slip, und read: "James Nelson. No. — , Fountnln Bridge." "Very good. - f .must see Mr James Nelson. This watch has been stolen, nnd It Is almost certain that we will bo forced to take possession of It; but In the meantime 1 will leave It here with my companion. While I am gone you had bettor send for your fullier," "I will. Rut If it has been stolon I'm sure Mr Nelson cannot bo the thief, for he Is a sterling, upright, religious man." "Then ho will he able to account for having it in his possession. Till he does so he Is presumably the thief." I said no more, but left the shop, cross ed over into Fountnln Bridge, und with some hunting found the house— a half- flat on the third storey. 1 hoard them singing a hymn inside, so 1 waited till they had finished, and then gently rang the bell. An elderly woman — his wife, as I found— admitted me and showed me In to tho kitchen, where was scaled the tnnn I sought. Ho was a fine-looking old man, a trifle stern, perhaps, In his hearing, hut In appearance the very antipodes of n thief. An open Bible lay on the table before ' him. He looked up in surprise, hut laid : aside his spectacles at once, und nt my request dismissed his wife and daugh ter. "You lert ngo!d watch with the watch maker over there tn sell?" "I did." "Where did you get it?" Ills eyes fell, and he appenrod confus ed. Still, It wns not the confession of guilt. I could make that much out, and wondered accordingly. "What right have you to ask?" he said at Inst, having taken time to think. "The host of rights. 1 nm ti detective. The watch tas been stolen, and I have traced It to you. Where did you get It7" "Well, then, If you must know — I found It." "A likely, story." He rose from his sent and looked mo full In the fiieo with his own flushed to the eyebrows, "Sir, I am not a liar! V I felt rebuked, and said so. "Well, then," 1 sold, frankly, taking his hand. "If you uru not the thief, tell me nil you lenow about It." "Well, sir. you mu»,: know that last week n favorite cat of ours died, and It being about flitting time my wife did not like the Idea of throwing It Into the street to lie kicked about like a tin pun by thu street hoys, and she asked me lo bury It In tho green at the back of the house." I looked out of the window. "There is no green at the hack of tho house." "Not here; but we were in No. — , Buo- clcuch street, then." "Buccleuch street! Ilo, ho ! Well, proceed. " " I took tho cat down, but whtlo dig ging my trowel struck something hard. I thought It was a stone, and put In my hand to pick It out. Rut It wasn't— It was a small Japanned tin box. I shook It. I slipped it Into my pocket, hastily finished burying the cat, and hurried off to my work. Tho first quiet corner 1 came to 1 opened the box and found a round bundle of flannel, and Inside of It the gold watch you speak of." "Well, why didn't you at onceivc It Up to the pallco ?" "Because I've heard that they Just keep the things tlmt are found when they are not claimed, and tho finder gets nothing. I believe I did wrong In thai." "You m ost certainly did, ns you muy find presently to your cost," , , "But I advertised It." "i t 1 "Where? When?" "Whenecr I found It— in the 'Scots man.' " . . \"Huvc you tho paper handy " . y:Hc produced It, uml I read the follow- Ipg'scrnp, in an obscure corner:— . Watch found. Owner may have it on describing it, nnd where lost, and paying Ibis. No. 1358. "I'm afraid this won't save you much. Why did you not give a more lucid de scription?" "Because I was afraid someone might apply for It who had no right to it." "Rut why did you conclude that it was yours, nnd you had a right to sell it, be cause no one applied for it in the short space of a week?" "Pit tell you the truth, sir, I really did not think the watch had been lost." "What then?" "The watch was so old-fashioned that I thought p'r'aus it had been buried there hundreds of years ago, and that the owners were long since dead." "Well, even In thnt case, don't you know all treasure trove belongs to the Crown? You would have lost nothing by giving up cither, for It Is customary lo present the llndor with full value lu the coin of iho realm." "I certainly have heard something of such a law, but wlicrc was I to find the Crown?" "Through any of its appointed ngents —the police, the revenue, tho magistrates and so forth. But surely you are not so Ignorant or silly mi to think that they used Japanned tin cash boxes hundreds of years ago to hide away their treasure In?" "I don't know. I did not think of that." "I am sorry for you, but I mny tell you plainly I think you'll suffer for It. It will be a matter of imprisonment ot leust." He was ashy-white In a moment from alarm, and the team crept Into his eyes us he incredulously gasped out:— "You— you cannot mean that, you're Joking." ."I .am not. I never was more serious In my life. You'll have to came with me. You've got yourself Into nn ugly mesa, und I can only hope that you will get out of It safe." He wns shaking like a lenf now; In deed, his agitation became so great that I had to help him to put on his things. , "What a pity I did nnt tell my wife nbout it," he groaned at last, when ho was ready to go. "She would have ad vised me rightly." "Did ynu not tell her even?" "I said nothing about It to anybody." That only mode it look worse. I thought so; hut his pallor und pitiable look put u seal on my lips. There was a nice crying match when his wife and daughter were summoned und Informed of the state of affairs: but there wns nothing else for It— lie must go and be locked up lu gaol like any ordi nary felon. Ills wife went off In great distress to tell her minister, while ho followed me to tho watchmaker's. The master himself luid arrived, nnd from hint I learned how It happened that the japanned box had accidentally been broken and thrown out with the Ewccplngs, Great efforts were made to save Nel son from the ignominy of n public con- vlclion— for he was really respected by a very wide circle of acquaintances, nnd, I believe, at the bottom a good man— but (he offence was of too great a nature to be passed over. Owing to the Influence brought to bear on his case, and some ! evidence which cropped up to confirm Ida ; story, lie was not convicted of theft, hut wilful detention of property. He got thirty days, and 1 have no doubt came out of prison a wiser nnd more honest man in the deepest sense of the word. Tho same evidence which saved him explained how the watch and box came to be hurled In tho green. Very late on the night before the wntch was found an idling resident in an opposite house saw —or fancied that ho saw— the ghost of a man clrnl lit while got out nt a low window anil furtively dig u hole and bury something In It. after which ho Icnpcd in again, closed tho window, and was seen no more. The window was proved to bo that of the room occupied by Mr Ramsay, and the night on which ttic ghost emerged from It was the Iden tical one on which ho "chased them round the corners like a stmtn engine." With the cunning of a maniac, and under the Impression thnt he wns about to be robbed of his darling watch, he had burled It outside his window. And had ho recovered— nnd no cat died In the fiat overhead— It Is probable that to this day ho would never have known or remem bered what became of the japnnned tin cash box; " Dundee Evening Star.") 