Odr moribund Parliament, which every hour since its tardy re-assembling has been showing signs of its npprOHcliing end, lias at loBtgiveD up the ghost. Its dissolution is a relief to the country, which h:is become thoroughly sick of the continual wrangling going on and an all round villiGca'.ion of each ?**-*??-» '*« »ii»i |joi w vi biic tUIICVllvc WlbUULU Ul the country which would disgrace the lowest pothouse brawlers. The old saying that wlioii rogues fall out honest men come ijy their own may perhaps not altogother be inapplicable to ' honorable ' members, for certainly if the country's representatives nre half us black as they have so strenuously ttddeavoured to make us bblieve they arc by their own accounts, a retirement from their well- paid parliamentary duties, bat a. few months' taste of gaol, would not be too severe a penalty for some of them. The clashing and perprtual dainour of our closely balanced political parlies ever struggling for place and stopping at nothing to gain their ends, with the interposing section the krior party, swinging to either side as it suijpd their political and private ends, tins brought a blush of shame to the face of every ore who his the slightest regard for tU« purity of public life and the good and welfare of thfiir native or ndopted country. Mr, Reid, who stepped into power by throwing himself in(.o the arms of the Labor Party by conceding everything they demanded — we will not. s«y desired, because they have wrung fro-n him a great deal more than they ev»-r expfiot.oil — has had to etoopso low to retain (heir support aid prevent them from swinging to the other side of the Housf, may yet have to exclaim : ' Into euch company have 1 fallen for iny sins !' His despotic proloiigu tion of the recess and his summary dismissal of the Parliament without passing a (tingle measure, after all the flourish he wade in the Vice- regul speeches of all that he was going to . do, shows clearly what a mockery and a fraud lu's whole game was. He reduced Par liament to a state of impotency, a perfect Babel and confusion of tonguos, from which nothiug good could proceed, and when he had thoroughly debauched it he wns the foremost at taunting it for its servility and fiubmUsiveness. But if the confusion he 1ms created in Parliament was the only indictment to be laid against him things would not be so bad as they are. He has plunged the «'hfle country into confusion also by his double-dealing over the Federation question and his jumping from one side to the other with the mmbleness of a harlequin in a pantomime, and now, in hurrying on the elections in the speedy manner lie is doing, he feols the sinn jaunty confidence! in his acrobatic ability to bamboozle th* country as easily as he haedone the Pai liatnent. THE scarcity of fat cattle throughout the country districts in Victoria, which is severely nfivcting prices in that colon}1, is ? aow particularly noticeable in the Mebourne market. Tiie scarcity is beginning to have its effect also on the Sydney market, though tardily. Hut the large attendance of Mel bourne buyers at Hoinebush on Slond-iy last was a pretty good proof of t!i» increasing de nmod. The. large exportation, too, of live and dead cattle from Newcastle to the other colonies, with the curtailment in the number of stock arriving from Queensland, is with drawing supplies from Sydney and assisting to wise.priees. At lust Monday's Homebusb sales bullocks sold op to £1 1 5s. and cows to £4 15s. The delegates from the various Stock Boards now assembled iu Sydney on Monday had the matter of the further pro hibition of Queetulnud cattle as a preventive to the introduction of the tick post brought under their consideration. A resolution was proposed that the importation of cattle from .Queensland be wholly prohibited, but al though a motion had been carried that a de putatiou should wait upon the Minister to take further measures in the direction of combatting the evil, in view of the proba bility of the tick pest spreading in New Wales, an amendment decliniug to deal with -he question at present was carried by 28 to 8\. A more definite uniendment had been made, which gave place to the one carried, declaring that Miore was no need at present ti close the border. One of the delegates (Mr. Bloornfieiil) whose name U familiar in connection with the celebrated ombroglio over the land exchanges on the Salisbury Court station, who seconded this amendment, had previously proposed interviewing the Minister (lie U good at that sort of business) and in doing so ho said ' Le was convinced that there was no possible chance of keeping the tick out of New South Wales ; birds c uried them, dogs carried them and tramps carried them.' And yet to serve his own purpose of getting supplied with cheap stoies from Queensland, ke would mercilessly sacri fice the whole of the pastoralists in New South Wales, cattle breeders and dairymen alike, and ia this suicid«l policy (suicidal to himself in the end) he was supported by such a large majority of those present. The fact is that the united influence of the Queens land and border squatters and the Sydney stock and station ageots is too powerful for the Government to face, and efforts are evi dently being made to induce the Premier to , «strain the action of the Minister for Lands . in placing any further obstacles to the cattle j trade across the border. AIL the talk about ..getting our Government to institute ineasures for alleviating the evil by inspec tion and inoculation is only paltering with it, ,, »nd the opponents of prohibition know this Well enough, and confess as much when they / »dmit th%t the pest is so easily spread and '? thit there it no possible chance of beeping it out ef New South Wales, 