PUBLIC LETTERS TO PUBLIC MEN. [No. 18.1 To THE HONOURABLE GEORG RANDELL, LEADER OF THE LEGIS LATTVE COUNCIL, COLONIAL SEC RETART, MINISTER FOR POSTS AN TELEGRAPHS, MINISTER FOR EDD CATION, JUSTICE OF THE PEACI EX-LEADER OF THE OPPOSITIOH ETC., ETC., ETC. My Dear and Mach Be-Title< Sir, First of all, permit me to con gratúlate yon on having attain ec to office at last. After the long and dull career yon have passée in both Houses of Parliament tb« .conferring of a portfolio upon yoe is a real event in your placid life and I sincerely trust that there ii no fear of your going into a fevei of excitement concerning it. How- ever, your staid appearance and that aspect of clod- hopping so- briety which yonr conduct, politi- cal and private, by no means belies, is guarantee enough against iihe happening of an event so truty awful. * # * Perusing an excellent biography of yourself (price, £4<J cash on de- livery, with free book), 1 find that you did Great Britain the honour of being born in it, and thus nar- rowly saved yourself from being a West Australian by birth as well as by habit. But the England of the period of your childhood and youth (1830-50) was far too go-ahead and ex- citing for a man of your tempera- ment-, and so we find that at the age of 20 years you retired from the busy haunts of men, and came to the Swan River Sediment-I mean Settlement-where von have been immured like a mud-oyster ever since. Bat in those .days you showed enterprise to such a remarkable degree that my only wonder is that it did not get you into serious trouble. Fou actually started a fleet of steamers -between Fre- mantle and Guildford, and as there were no roads at that time con- necting these places your energy and pluck soon received the re- ward accorded to all great geniuses when they are fortunate enough to -escape ostracism. But like a 1 se- cond Canute you evidently thought, that when the tide of progress had risen high enough to .float your steamers it had gone far enough ; so we find you at an early period of your pnblic life in- sisting that the terminus of the main trunk railway line of the colony should be at Guildford, so that the traffic of the aforesaid steamboats might not be inter- fered with ! This action at once stamped you as a liberal, pro- gressive, patriotic and unselfish person, and it is probably because you early acquired this reputa- tion that you have succeeded in retaining your place in Parlia- ment even unto this day. * # # I have carefully gone through the records of yourself and your doings, which lie embalmed in the dusty tomes of Mansard, and 'the study has shown me how big a political interest it is possible to obtain from the most meagre capital of ideas. Usury is not in the same street with it, and it is evident that any man with brains enough to lean up against a wall and whittle a stick in the sunlight, had magnificent opportunities in the political " life " of Western Australia, pro- vided he had the sense to. come here at some remote geological epoch. ^ * * * ;'j To be fair, however, I note that you were one of the first opponents ? of denominational education, 'and that you succeeded in . consider- ably modifying the proposals then made by Sir Frederic Weld. At the same time your - opposition, like that of your contemporaries, was based more on fear of the . Catholic Church than on any other motive, and it is worthy?of note that neither you, or any of those who supported you, attempted to formulate any scheme of State . education, which would have abolished the need which then undoubtedly existed for aid to de- nominational education. It is open to serious question as to whether . opposition to denominationalism at that time was not opposition to education itself. * * * After this, your public life suf- fers total eclipse until 1890, when you were chosen as member for Moore in the first Parliament of the colony. Yon also became Chairman of Committees, in which capacity yon were neither remark- ably good nor remarkably bad, and then yon resigned to make room for Mr. Lefroy, as unaggressive a nonentity as yourself. In 1894 we find yon back again in the As- sembly, and this time you figure as Leader of the Opposition. It is remarkable that the aforesaid ready made biography (with portrait £40 on delivery) does not mention that you held this responsible post. Nor will any historian ; for the simple reason that so long as you "led" the "Opposition" there was no real opposition to lead, and it certainly, under your government, would not be likely to seriously oppose anything. In 1897 we find you again stranded above the political high water mark, snugly ensconced on the soft cushions of the Legislative Council, where you have remained as fast and as lively as a barnacle ever since. * * # I have every respect, Mr. Randell, for your character, but I can- not help but think that your recent appointment as Colonial Secretary only serves to show to what utter straits the Forrest Ministry is reduced, not for want of numbers, but for want of in- tellect. When one considers the crowded majorities it possesses in both Houses of the Legislature, and then reflects that it is obliged to choose George Randell for one of its most responsible members, one is filled with contemptuous pity for a political party which ex- hibits such a deplorable paucity of intelligence. If you will pardon my speaking frankly concerning you, I will say that if you had re- mained at home in your native Hampshire,you might possibly have attained the high degree of parish overseer, and you would have made also a very excellent church- warden, who would have domi- neered over the village constable, presided with grace and dignity at the village inn, and occasion- ally, perhaps, have given the squire or the parson " a piece of yonr mind," and have been looked upon locally as a moral hero in con- sequence; 'but being translated to .a still narrower sphere "of- action, where, however, the nomenclature is more high-sounding and the brains needed no greater, you have, by the Grace of God and sheer luck, obtained the various titles which-graces the head and front of this epistle. # # # Mr. Randell, I can safely com- pliment you upon one thing. You are the most harmless mem- ber of the Forrest Ministry. A more colourless person never ex- isted, unless it was a stray ghost lost in a Scotch mist. Yon are emi- nently respectable, and that is all one can say for you. But stay even respectability has its valne to the Cabinet just now. Is it possible that, after all, I must congratulate them as well as you ? Well, then, I do so most sincerely ; and I particularly congratulate Sir John Forrest on having secured a willing and patient hack, who is no more obtrusive than a bubble in a barrel of mud, and not half so likely to bestir itself and escape. Once again, thou Respect- able Negative! accept the good wishes of AMPHICTYON. 