[?] l ibfrwd'i" lajA. \ . ' . ' ... .PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARBANGEMET. MY LORD AND LADY OF FARNDALB. ' By QEORBE S. SIMS, / I Author of "Tales of To-day;" "How tho Poor - Livo," -- "Drnmas of Life," . "Tho Demon Cat, 'Throe. Brass Balls," "Lights o' London,": \- &o.;' &o.; . . COPmiGHT. i ' ' iT was 5- o'olook I on 'tho ovoning of tho 24th of; -Deddinber when Mr.'; Augustus. Tarboy, .who bad.,, been out / . . marketing, ur- , \- rived ' f raiiddy arid puffing in front of his residence, No. .21 Kay street, ; Brunswick square. ".Thank goodness," : said ; Mr.' . . Tarboy. ' "IBo it . ever so humble, there's no place like home ' — especially when you've made yourself a beast of burden, - rind you're 18 stone by the automatic weighing machine at King's Cross station, and there isn't a rab to be had for love or mouoy." Having relieved himself, of this, expression of gratitude and its uc.oompauying explana tion. Mr. Tarboy steppe'd'thrse paces backon the pavement and admiringly- surveyed the front of his mansion from basement to roof. " Mine 1" said Mr. Tarboy, mopping his brow wifh his' handkerohiet. Mine— all mine— mino and Maria's, God biess her !— arid a home, for any man to bo proud of." - Tho blinds were already down all over the house. : There woe a bright light from the gas in the kitchen, and- Mr.' Tarboy noted it. ; "There she is, , down there. God bless her!" he said, " a- working aud a- worrying and a-gettiug my tea, and hor- head full of to-morrow. Augustus Tarboy, you've got a wife in a thousand — you have, my boy, and I hope you're becomingly , grateful. Maria, God bless yon ! " Mr. Tarboy kissed bis hand affectionately atthe drawn kilclien blind, and then hebrought his eyes up to tho ground floor. .There was no gas there, but the ruddy firelight danoed and flickered through the lowered Venetians. "Everything ready for me in there," he said. " The armobair wheeled up to the fire, the kettle on tho trivet, the table laid, my pipe and 'bncoy brought up and put ou tha mantel-shelf, and a vaso full of new. made without any proliminaty remarks.- But when Maria Twemlow realised that tho goodlooking young- valet -- was coffering lier marriage, she gave a little gasp and said te " Oh, .jileaso don't — please don't, say any more ! " ' and' made a dash for the, house, leaving' 'Augustus crestfallen- und trembling, with nothing' to distract his thdughts but the -sighing of 'the night .wind and the cawing of the rooks. te ; . But. the next day. -Miiria' Twomlow came upon Augustus, when ho was ulorio -in tbo library arranging -his -lordship's papers, and there in a sweet womanly way begged-him to think no mora of her, las a murriago between them was iinpossibIo.'.;. ;And when Augustus, with tears in his oyes, .begged her.' to recon sider her determination, she -felt-a great pity come into hor heart- for his hopoless love; and corife'ssed to him the'seorot of her life. She had boon-married- two years previously to a man whom she had believed to bo a well-' to-do young, follow, but after six months of murried - life v.iri , Londorip she had discovered that- : hor husband's well- to- do-noss arose from hia 'partioipation in tho profits of a series ':of frapds. One fino day John ljaxton left his home. The next time his young: wife saw him he was standing with two of -hiB associates in the dock lit tho old Bailey, und the result of Mb trial was that he received a sentenco of.. fourteen years' . penal servitude..- Thus it was thrit. Maria, who had no friends or relatives, had tocturn out again and earn her liviDg. Sho saw that all chance of doing so in domestic service, to which she had been brought up, would be denied her if it was known that her -husband ;wna a convicted oririiuml, so she resumed her maiden name' of Twemlow, aud .a furmhr mistress huving kindiyiiitercsted.hierself on her behalf,, she obtained a situation ias housemaid at Farndaio Court. h'i'- : \- Augustus' promised" that ho would respect the young woman's; seorot, and -ho kept his; word. But he was riiore- desperately in love with her thun ovor, and presently the know ledge of his loyal devotion . touched the heart of the .unhappy, wife, and.he found that she was returning his affection. Then the situa tion grow painful .to .both of them, and Maria said that she must leave. . That Augustus spills ready to ray hand. I'm as sure of it an; if I'd been inside and looked; - " What a wife I've got — what a wife ! " Lifting his eyes in tbankfulnesB to,the sombre skies. Mr. Tarboy's attention was or-, rested by a dim light in a room on the third floor. ' ' \- , " Poor girl— poor girl !" ho said;, "there's tho skeleton in my cupboard this 'happy; Christinas Eve — there's the ghost as'll ; be .at my 'banquet: to-morrow! Poor girl— poor, lonoly. little girl ! ". .' ' ; .Mr. Tarboy shook his head mournfully,, and -mounting the stops "of his -residence: knocked an apologetic knock on tho front doori.' _ . . ; As ho did so he glonoed at tho fanlight, in whioli a jet of gas was burning in a pink glass globe, and- caught sight of a; small bust of ' Charles Diokeus, which occupied a post of honour in the centre. Mr. Tarboy' deposited his parcels on the top stop, and raised his hat to the bust. ' . \- ".In. love and humble duty, sir," ho said, " at this Reason of tho year, whioh if ovor a man understood its'lessona and- tanght them to the world, you did, sir. And muy nil in this house humbly follow your example." The door , opened .'at that moment' and a stout, comely middle-aged woman stood star ing at Mr. Tarboy. " " Good grhoious, Augustus 1" ahe ex- , oluimed, "whatever are you doing standing without your hat in a wind that's fit to periBU youP It's enough th give ono rheumatios in the head to look at you 1" V ., ' " It's all right, Miiriu. ' I Was taking off my hat Vo the bust of Diokons, arid thinking, of 'The Criokot on the Hearth;' "' - . ' " 'Cricket on the Hearth 1' " raid Mrs. Tarboy, "yon look more like neuralgia on tho doorstep. Oomo.iri, do !" .' Mrs. Tarboy gently but firmly dragged Mr. Tarboy in by the collar of his overcoat. When tho door was closed he, catching sight of u bunch of mistletoe, whioh was suspondsd in the coritre of the hall, put his ladeu arms aa far round the oomely dome as they would go, and pressing her to his ' bosom, gave hor a hearty kiss. "Maria," he said, "it is our first Christmas Eve in . our own home; God bless you; Mario, and a many of 'em." . Augustus Tarboy was on tho wrong side of - fifty und Maria was forty-five. Thoir romanoe had commenced ' over twonty years ago. In those days Augustas Tarboy, a slim good-looking young fellow, bad fallen madly in love with Maria Twemlow, a young house maid who had recently been engaged by Lord Farndale's housekeeper. Maria was a pretty, genteel- girl, and Augustus, who was his lord ship's valet; thought he had- never . seen suoh a porfeot creature bofore. Being of akhy and bashful . nature — not. a , common complaint with noblemen's valets — Augustus . loved . hor Borne months in seorot ; but at last he sum moned up courage to inform Maria that she. had won hfa heart. . \- They wore -rotnrning from evening ohuroh together when Augustus mado his trembling oonfession, - and it . was iri the very darkest part of the long avenue of elms, loading up to tho famous old munsionin Surrey whioh had been ; tho Farndales'. over sinoe tho days of Jumcs'I. - ! . /? The young woman listened for a moment in blank, astonishment ; . for like, most- bashful mon Auguatuo had jlunged- into his subjeot would not hoar of, so lie out the Gordiariknot: by giving riotioe himself. One day the yonrig valet and . the young housemaid bade each other a tearful farewell.. But, as he.held theyoutag wife's hand in his Augustus vowed that ho would always lovo her, und that he would hie faithful to her memory, . nnd that no other woriian should ever supplant her in His affebtioris.' ' And so the years went on. Maria remained at the Coiirt, and Augustus -wont to London, obtained, another situation, _ and prospered. From time to time tho lovers Saw oaoh other, and talked as friends! John Laxton, before hls'sentenon had ex-: pired, was released' (in a . tioket of leavo, nnd found his wife. She gave him her ravings, and bade him leave1 her in peaoo. Ho took tho mouey, and wont book to London, where in six months ho was onoij more in tho h'andB of tho law. : But at last the bav that stood between' the happiness of the faithful couple was removed. John Laxton, who 1 had spent most of tho intervening twenty years in gaol,' died of consumption: in the prison infirmary, and Maria Twemlow was a free woman. , Augustus was. abroad with his master at the time. On his return to England tlio news reaohed.bim and. ho hastened to Farndaio Court, whorb tho young housemaid' was now tho middle-aged housekeeper; and once more offered hor his hand and fortune. And in. duo time the man and woman who had waited so. long, for eaoh other wont to the altar, and wore made happy at last. ' ' Augustus .Tarboy wus fifty-one and Maria forty-five when they became man and wife.. Both had money raved— Augustus bad a good, deal — and so they took a housoin Kay streot, Brunswick square; furnished it neatly, arid arranged to lot off u portion of it in apart ments. Tho y had entered into possession six months ago. This was the first Ohristmas of their married life— tho first, as Augustus pat it when he salutedMs buxom wife under tho mistletoe, that they hod passed " upder their own roof." ... Mr. Tarboy liqd finished his tea, and rat in his easy ohajr smoking his favourite pipe, with his slippered foot on tho fender, lovo in his heart and admiration in his eyes. The love and the admiration wore both for his wife, who had displayed tho most remarkablo skill in tho adornment of their diniqg-room. AuguBtUB doolared that with a bunoh of holly and some evergreens she had converted it into a fairy bower, and' when she had told him of the preparations . sho bad made for thoir first Christmas dinner Angustns bocamo almost reverential. The first Christinas day in their own homo was to be celebrated in quite " baronial" manpor.. The. term was Mr. Tarboy's, and oamn.of ..long conneptiou with tho landed gentry. Mr. Tarboy . had invited several of his own relatives, nnd Maria haid invited two of her former follow-Borvants at the Court two who had married recently, and settled in London ; and they wore going to bring their husbands with them. : t'Ahl". raid Mr.'.Torboy, ''it'll be a happy Ohristmas, Maria ; the happiest I'vo known fQttwenty.yoars.mydear." "Yes,.- dear,?;, said , the , little woman, putting a plump, arm round hor husband's nook and kissing the' upturned face tendorly,' "and tho huppiesfc: that -I've known, too;. Christmas was always a miserableutime atthe Court fer-me, aud it rims 'miserable for every body aftor poor Mr. .. Hugh arid his lordship miarrellqd five years ago, .and Mr.. Hugh loft the Court and jwo. never jaw . liim and. never . Heard .of pirn again." . . ' , "Poor young fellow'l" oxolaimod Mr. Tnrboy. " I only know him as a boy. I don't think Ms lordship over loved tho lad,- though ho was his only son. Ho cost his riiothor hor life, yon know, Maria, whon ho o'arab into tho world, and his lordship was nover tho siimo ' man aftor it. Many u time I've seen Mm Bitting, opposite her ladyship's portrait as was bang over the firopiado in his bedroom, and looking at. it with, tears in his oyes. And sometimes, when, tlio fit' was on him, I've known him pice the room like a madman, and say things aloud that weald have boon .blasphemy against the will of Hoaven, Maria, if it hadn't been that it wria his heart orying oat in agony, and not his lips .-peaking in anfjer." .j' Yes, I suppose it waa that mado him turn against'the boy," said Maria, with a sorrow ful look iri hor eyes ; " but it mado our hearts aohe for the poor young gentleman, tho way his father treated him us ha grew up. Thoy used to say at tho Court thut his father hrid never kissed his son uqd hoir, or given him one fatherly oaresa from tho (lay he .was borri. Arid so When ho grow up Mr. Hugh seemed to hate tbo place. Whon bewaB at home, and became wild in his ways, we servants -used to say that it wasn't to be wondered at, -.poor young gentleman'!" "Mara., -my door," said Mr. : Tarboy," "put some more coal on the fire.and stir tip a blnzo ; it makes mo cold to think of suoh things at Christmas time. I suppose there's "no doubt that Mr; Hugh; is doad,' oh, Maria?" " I'm afraid ho' must be," an-werod Mrs. Tarboy, stirring till tho bright flames roared tin thn ntiimnmr. . 41 IVflr fiviiVAarH fitriflA "hf» loft the Court in anger, after a terriblo scene with his -lordship, vowing he'd never enter the place again while his father lived. : From that hour uo'word over rame. frora him, arid now the aid lard's been dead three months and tho heir's been advertised for, and tbo lawyers have been' hunting for him' all over the world — so Mrs. Millet, that was upper housemaid at the time, told mo the other day . —and Mr. Hugh's never mode a sign." .. "Yes, of course he must be dead," replied Mr. Tarboy, knocking' tho ashes out of his pipe. " He'd ha', come book and oloiinod the estates by tbis time if he hadn't been. Let's talk o something else more Ohristriiassy, Marin. . It ain't, tho sort of thing to have hovering over your domestio hearth . with tho caroll'ers outBide"ii-singiiig'' ' :. ' God bless the master of this house, \- God blees'the iriietress too, ' ' And all tho'littlo children, That round tho table go,' " : I shall hiive to go out and givo 'ein a shilling and ask 'em to go away. Ah! thank "good ness, they've finished. They jarred, . Maria." Four talking 'about his lordship, and poor Mr. Hugh got ou-iny nerves, my dear, ifunoy a ChristraaH carol jarring in a home that has a bust of Charles Diokens m tho fanlight of its hall.' It ain't right, Maria, it ain't fight." . Mr. Tnrboy rose and paced the room, and Mrs. Tarboy gavo a great gulp and.seemed inolined to cry. ' "I'mso soryy, Augustus dear." she whis pered. " 1 ought to have known how rendor-hcartcd.you are;" . Augustus Tarboy passed his band ooross his eyes aud exclaimed:. "It's gone, Maria — the - vision of domestic misery' and the silent. . rooiris of Farndale Court is banished. : Don't let's spo.-ik of it again. Hullo, what's that ?"- .. Mr; Tarboy . started; and Mi's. Tarboy . opened her mouth in astonishment. The front . door had, been suddenly : pulled to. Mr. Tarboy' went' to tho head of the kitchen stairs, and oalled out sharply, "Sarah, "rind a voice from bolow answered, " Yes, ma'am:'.'" \- Mrs. Tarboy, came'baek again to her hus band. "It isn't Sarah," abe -aid. Then she gave a suddori; start. ,. Giiod graeiouH, Augustus," she exclaimed, " it must bo our ; third floor!" ' . .. . "Never.!" exclaimed Mr, Tarboy. " Why, she's been too weak, poor thing,, to go out for , days past ; ,and for her. to do it suoh a bitter night as this.' Go up, Maria gu up atonce!" Mrs. Tarboy went, up to the third floor as : fast as she corildjiimd'came down panting.; , " It's her, Augustus, " -he said. "Oh, go, after, her 'ut. once "and bring her baok. It'n: death to her to be out; on a. night like this.. She must bo mad." : ' Mr. Tarboy .' put oril'hiB hat aud overcoat, arid Sarah, hastily summoned,'; came rushing up with his boots. A minute later he wus ou: ; in tho street, staring up and down it and wondering whioh way -the "third floor" had. gone. .. Presently, .as his eyes became accustomed to the cold blue haze whioh had corae on with the night, he saw'a policeman standing under, the lamp-post at the next corner: He went across and risked him if ho hud seen a young woman-come out of No. 'il. The poliaemau raid lie bad, and she- had gone up 'the street towards Brunswick square. Mr.' Tnrboy turned up his coat collar, for the air was biting "shrewdly." and walked in the direction indicated. The square was desorted, but in almost every, bouse the lights \Vero burning brightly, and the sound., of merry voices floated out now and again upon the quiet night.' ' Suddenly a woman's, voice rose sweetly from the darkness beyond.. It was in rioh contralto, hut it trembled now and again as it snug trie grand old carol, God rest you, merry gentlemen." , Mr. Turbny knew that voice' in o moment. He had heard it firsturaontb ago, when Miss Ruth Helmorc, who said she was airootress, had takon the modest room on the third floor. Miss Helmoro had gone out daily, and spent the evenings in her own room, .whioh Mr., Tarboy thought was odd for ' un aotrqss, but sometimes in the aveuing they heard a beautiful voice filling the house with mcjody, and Mr; and Mrs. Tarboy had agreed that MisB Helmoro must, he a young lady who sang on tho stage, .. but was temporarily out of an engagement. Gradually Mrs.. Tarboy, . in her- kind, mothorly .way, , hrid 'won' die young .lady's, heart, und had gritbored that thoir surmise waa eorreot ; and Mrs. Tarboy had inspired sufficient confidence also to ascertain that Miss Helmoro was really a young wife, but that Her huBband was " away," and she had boon singing at tho theatres us .u chorus girl in bis absence! And Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy, talking their " third floor " ovor, had long ago oome to tho conclusion that Miss Hol- inoro was very unhappy and very poor, nnd that sho was going- out day after day to try .and got somothing to do beouuse sho wus rapidly approaching the end of her slender resources. Th;s idea was confirmed when at the end of the third week Miss Holmore, with n white . face, oumo to her landlady and stammered out ,u .plea for a little tinie. Sho wus hoping to get an ciigttgepiqnt every day, but for tho present she was not prepared to; '.'pay up Her book" with tbo punotuality generally in sisted on by London landladies. . . Mi-a. .Tarboy told Augustus, and. Augustus, who had boon struck with the girl's ladylike domouhour arid evident distress, requested Mrs. Tarboy not to worry the poor young thin£, but to take every opportunity of making her comfortable. And so Mrs. Tur- boy haa done her best to comfort and oheer up the penniless " third floor." But both husband and wife had notioed that thoir lodger was getting ill, and that she was scarcely in q condition to take an engagement if she succeeded iu getting one. , They made up thoir minds that worry and wont of suCB- oiont nourishment were at the bottom of Miss Holmoro's ill-health,, and they . tried, thoir best to relieve the situation. But the girl was proud,, and thoy hardly dared to do what they would havo liked to do — to sohd for their, own . doctor, and supply bor with the wine nndnourishmentsho unaoubtedlyneeded. . Mr. Tarboy had- quite token his V third floor's " misfortunes to heart, and bad built a romantio story . of love and sorrow around her. .Ho folt suro that it was another ease of a bad husband and- a deserted wife, and it wus the reflection of tho dim light on. the third floor blind that had been the. one bitter drop iri his cup of happiness, as he gave off his cheery Christmas sentiments on the door stop that evening. ( " Good graoiouB 1" oried Mr. Tarboy, as ho rooognlsod the beautiful voice of his "third floor,'r "ahe must have gone suddenly ont of; hor mind I She's delirious and thinks she's at the opera! She can't . be singing in the streets in hor sober sonses." . -i ... Ho harried in the direetioof the sound, and there he raw Bath Helmoro shlvoring and trembling in the roadway and singing. A window, oponed, and there was the sound of a coin striking, the pavement. ' Bnlh Holmore gave a great shiver hut stepped forward to piok.it.aip. .. As -sho.. diu. so .oho .reeled and would have .fallen to tho ground if Mr. Tarboy hridnotmariogpd toreaehher in thoniok of timo and put a strong arm round her woist. My .dear , young' lady 1 . My.'dpar Miris Holinbre ! he grispod. " What on earth are you thinking of ?" / " Oh, don't, don't !" said the girl, burst ing into tours. " I— I owe you money, arid I muBt pay it — I must erirn it. I havon't a penny in the world. I heard the oarol- singera to-riigbt. I opened my window' to listen, arid I saw tho peoplo throw them money— shillings arid half-crowns— and I thought— I thought I might perhaps get sorao that why too, and — — " " Oh dtur, oh dear 1 the vory idea of it. And you ill us you are !— and" — glancing at tho girl's thin dress and light oloak— "and not hulf wrapped up, enough. Yon como homo with me, my dear. You're going to spend, the evening with Mrs. Tarboy arid myself, and have supper with us ; and we'll talk about "what you owe after OhristmuB when you've got an engagement." But there was no sitting up when Mr. Tarboy got hiH trembling ohm-go homo. Mrs. Tarboy saw that bed wus tho best place for her, so she helped hor up to tho third' floor, mado a big fire, put her to bed, and insisted on her taking a steaming bowl of cornflour with a wineglassful of whisky in it, and then when she wus quiet und seemed to have: got over her shivoring, Mrs. Tarboy rat down by tho bedside and talkod- to her till the poor tired little chorus girl fell asleep. Then :Mrs. Tarboy crime downstairs and told her husband all sho had learned. , "Oh, dear,. Augurilns, it's another sad story,": she said. "Tho .poor girl'n told mo everything, seeing she had a real friend in nwvrae raid. . She's u married woman right enough. I saw the .ring below' tho keeper when she put her hod in mine, poor, thing. Her husbuu'd's in trouble aomowhore and can't got to hoc. I'm afraid it's gaol, Augus tus,' indeed I am.' ' She says he's ti gentleman though ho'a a common sqldicr.. It seems ho enlisted owiug to family ' trouble, "arid ho met hor at' Pofteriiouth, where sho was singing with a company, and fell in love with her straight away, qpd tho poor loOlish 'young people they got married. - -? ' "Sho's a good girl, Augustus, I'm sure, arid quito ri lridy. ' She told me her father was a doctor and was ruined arid died in au asylum; and she decided- to go- ou-the' stage and use her voice for . a living, heoaune she had no' friends and it was tho best thing to do. Thev Were happy enough for u year, and thou hor" huslmnd got into trouble. She declares it wasn' t hiH fault, ' but u. sergeant in tbo regi ment who. buted him beouuse lie was'a gentle- man'rankef, 'grossly insulted him about her. Then',' mad witb rage, the youug fellow seized tho bully and thrashed him within an inoh of his life in tbo burfaok -qiiiiro before half the regiment, and hei was - tried for' it and sen- leriosd .and he's in the military prison now, and poor Miss Helinore' rays it will bo two yours .before he'll bo free. Sho writes to him and ho writes to hor wlion he's allowed, but of courso ho can't send her any tnonoy, poor 'thing.' Isn't it sad, Augustus?" - ' Sad!" exclaimed Mr., Tarboy, "it's heart-breaking, Maria. . Hero's our flrat OhriRtmaa together, you. and me, arid a tragedy under our own roof. It's all tra gedies, 'Maria, and 'it don't soem'., to have brought the spirit of Ohristmus our way at all. That bust of Diokens in our, hall, Maria —I've half . a mind to take it down und put tlio mistletoe on tho fire us a holler monkery.". ' Mr. Turboy strode out into ' the hall' and looked up h'nlf- reproanhfully >at the bust of tho- great novelist who is said to have in vented the Cbristtnn8 of Ghhritjund Loviug- kitidness, the Christmas of the. Hearth, the Heart; arid the Homo! Arid us'ho gazed it soemcd to him that tho cold face of tho modotled blay relaxed -into a smile andtho lips of the .master movod. -It was only a gust of wiud that had caught .tho gas in the . pink glubo and caused it .to flare up und oast a pink reflection on the fuco of the bust, but it liheered Mr; Turboy immensely. V "Maria,'! ho said, "I've banished this vision of misery as I bauished the other. Charles Diokons rays it'll be all right. If there wasn't any misery in the world thore'd bo -nothing for people to do on Ohristmas Day. to show thoir gratitude for tho mercies vouchsafed to. them. To-morrow the ' third floor ' has hor Christmas dinner .with lis, und .she is the honoured. guest.. Dori't forgpt that, Maria — the honoured guest.' On. Christmas morning the postman knocked at No. 21 Kay street,- and handed iri some half dozen letters for- Mr.- and Mm. Tarboy, whioh were OhristmuB cards from old frionds, and one letter for Miss Ruth Holmore: "Oh, lam glad!" oxolaimod Mrs. Tar boy, and she ran off upstairs with it to the invalid. Ruth Helmoro gave a ory of joy as sho saw thoeuvelopo. Sho toro it open and road the contents, and then with a little hysterical cry flung , up her arms and fainted dead 'away. When sho came to herself Mrs. Tarboy wus bending over her, bathing her head. . " Oh," oried tho girl, "I oouldn't.help it. It— it was joy. Ho'a froo— free— my husband —my darling ! He's coming to me to-day- to-day. Ob, you will lot hiin cume bote, won't you?" \ Mrs. Tarboy couldn't speak for a moment— the statement bad quito token her breath away. When she had recovered her speech she flurig her arms round her "third floor's" neck aud oxolaimod : "Como here, my. dear? Why, of course. .Where elso should a husband be on Ohristmas Day but with bis wife P ' . And then she went off down two stairs at a time, with a heaving bosom and a palpitating heart to tell Augustus the good news. "I know it !" cried Mr. Tarboy? triumph antly ; "I know as that expression on the bust of Charles Diokens meant thut every thing would como right. Now, Maria, there's two honoured gueBts round our mahogany this Ohristmas Day — our 'third floor' and our ' third floor's husband.- What a dinner — what a. real Christmas . dinner it will be? That bust won't have nothing to blush for nnder our roof,.Maria.. I'm not so suro as I shan't tako it down, and put it in the middle ot the table with a wreath of holly and mistle- too round it." About ono o'olook there was a knook at the door! Sarah, the maid of all work, answered it, us Mr. Tarboy waa iri tho boer oellar, and Mrs. Tarboy was busy With tho turkey.' When Sarah oame down sho was in: a state of groat excitement. " Oh; mem," she raid,' " it was a young man as asked for the third floor,' arid said he: was 'her 'ashing, ' and I showed him up as you said; mem; 'and I 'ope I'dono right." ' ' ' " Quito right," said Mrs. Tarboy, Then sho called out aoross the passage to the oellar, "Augustus, he's como— Misa Hel- moro's husbaad'a come." ' " ; ._ 'Hoorayl v. replied .a .yoioe irom s,th0 . -cellar, "God; -bless 7emrboth, undamerry Ohristmas to 'om. Maria, ' this is somothing ' dike a Christmas Day ! " Mr. and Mrs. .Millet arrived about ono- ' thiirty, -,qnfl as dinner waa not : for an hour Mrs; '.'.Millet -and '.Mrs. Tarboy hadsorapsof oonversatiori' between whiles. Mrs. Millot, who had boon married from Faradulo Court, ' had tho latest news to impart. Among the ! - late lord's papers ,had . beon found a letter to his son, in wnicb he expressed bis sincere grief for what ho had doue, and acknowledged that ' he had been to blame. It was the olivo branch hold out from tho grave. ' ' Mrs. Tarboy shook her bead. - "Toolato," \ sho said; "too late. Mr. Hugh will never know. Ho is dead too." The other guests arrived, and dinner being - i ; quito ready, Sarah was sent up to the third - : floor- with " Mr. and Mrs. Turboy's compli ments, and would 'Mr. and . Mrs. -Helmoro' ' please oomo down; as dinner was waiting." Everybody waa standing up in the dining-., room, whon tho door oponed,. and Ruth " ; Helmoro stopped in. "Mrs. Tarboy," 'she said, this is my huBband, Mr. " - There was a startled ory, arid Mrs; Turboy " and Mrs. Millet1 staggered forward together, and Mrs. Tarboy gave a little shriok. "Mr. Hugh. " she cried. " It's— it's " ThonshefloppeddowninaeliairBpeooh- less, and Mr. Tarboy, looking in imminent - danger of apoplexy, bowed respootfully to tho apparition and said, "Mr. Hugh! Ain I dreaming!" , "It- is no droam," said tbo yoririg man, taking his young wife's- hand and' staring round at the familiar faces iu ntter bewilder ment; "But, good graoious, Tarboy— und you,' 1 Marin— and you, Jane— is — is it a 1 comedy— ore- or— whatever aro you all doing hero? This isn't Farndale Court, and ,J Then overy body spoke at onco, and Hugh " learnt of hiB fathor'sletterof forgiveness and of . his death, andthacforthree mouths every effort had been made to find him. Thon ho insisted on their all sitting down to dinner, though - Mr. and Mrs. Tarboy and Mrs. Millet wanted to take thoirs in tho kitohon. And when ho had mado everybody at ease be told them bow he had oriliBted under afalse ' name, and how ho had boon imprisoned" and released only the previous day, two years be- - fere bis time; for saving the life of a warder attacked by half-a-dozen prisoners, and how ho had at once written to' Me wife, arid come : to Loridon-to spend- the first day of liberty with her. \- And when the Christmas- padding was ' ! taken away and the dessert was on tho table . ' Mr. Tarbny rusai and1 raid: " With our humble respects; and - long ' life' and many happy Christmas Doya to my Lord and Lady ' Farndale, of Farridalo Court. God bless .thorn!"-'. ' - \- And tho company driank it witli a' reepeot- ful but hearty three times three and their humble duty, arid while Mrs. Tarboy was clearing away for tea, still out of breutb, us well sho might be. Augustus strode ont into . the hall, and looking upahtho bast of Charles Diokens, bowed low to it. 1 To tho day of his death Mr! Tarboy will bhlievo that it was having the bust' of tho groat Apostle of Christinas in his hall that brought the happi- -- riess of that Christmas Day about. v ' How else could Lndy Farndale have boon .. singing for charity in the Rnow'on Christmas Eve, and happy in Lord ForndSileV arms' ou Christraas'mght, and she the day, bofore only a poor little chorus girl out of an engagement. . and his lordship a commou soldieri ivith tivo . years' iinprisoument yet to run ? 1 That night as Mr. Tarboy laid iMs liead upon the pillow; he turned to Mrs. .Tarboy jundraid, "Maria— the first Christinas'. under our own roof— and what a Christinas Day !" ' And! outsido u belated piirty of ravirilers woke tho echoes of Kay street with' "\God Bless tho. Master.-of this House," and oviiry wukefu! -ear beneath . that master's roof oriught the words und re-echood them inthefr .. hearts.- ' \\- the.end; "Many happy Christmas Bays to my Zorel. and lady FarniaW So saw Ruth Jlelmore shivering and trembling in the doorway, and singing. 