[?] rpjIK peculiar uncertainty of crickofc ia oxoinpliiied in tlio winning of tlio Sheffield Sliicld by Victoria. On bohnlf of New South Wales Tub Anuow taken unto itself tlio unexpected duty of coiijiratuliitiiiK tho Koiitlomou who reside in tlio Cnbbago Giudou. Hoarty felicitations to them. If they do not nil potjaesu moat excellent crickotinj; attain ments, thoy ixl least possosii grit. C\ n Urn (itidl iliiT- nf ( li /» Qniil !i A 1 1 -' t~ i*nl i n Ti iD.itcl), during which tlio Victorians played up grandly and routed tho onomy for ll!0 runs, tho Molbounio public was con ppicuotisly absent, no doubt bec'iuso thoy looked upon tho gamu as a gift for £5. A. Only lo(- people paid for admission, £H lliu being tnk on at tlio gates. Beside theso thoro woro about 200 in themombora' rosorvo. Tho Molbounio public just now likes its cricket. Kniijied. It in evident that 113 far nil genuine crickot onthusiusm amongst tho public iu concerned Now South Wale;! ia a. long way nhoad of tlio olhur colonies. Evou whon tho WnloiH go don-n Iho crowd turns up. It vmii a perfect wicket, wo aro, told, upon which tho Vie'u. hatted last Monday. And yet nt ono period nix of thoir nocoud inning!) wickets woro down for 47 runs! Siriiofc viiiiona ot S.A. victory. With only HI runs to tho good, only four wickota to fall, and a perfect wickot to operato upon, tlio pro:i;)ei;tu of diKa.stor enjoyed by the Mitlhurniann weren't sun-colored. Jonoa in said to havo outpaced tlio batsmun and Bpreudenglod tho atieks liko ninupiiiB, Hut Nmnesia was at tho liocla of tho Whentlieldera. In tho South Australian r.ocond innings tho oido collapsed with balloon-liko effect. Wiiltor Qiffon, who was caught low down by Triimblo in tho slips off Itocho, waa doubtful na to tlio catch, and its roportod to havo duclarod that tho ball pitched fully Gin in front of tho fieldsman. Umpiro Dowiios, of S.A., at tho bowlor'a ond, could not give ll duciiiion, and refurrod to Crockett, who gnvo Waltor out. A South Australian team without George Giffon ia a curio-nty. Victor Hugo ia a novol nnmo for n, criukotor. Molhourno Punch romnrku that whun Goorgo Qiffiiii declined to couio noross to soo bin Cornstalk cousinf. unlet;a tlio .EL'o choquo maturinliiu-d, ho Biiid : ' Victor IIujjoj' and Victor wont. Clom Uill hnsi inado 881 rutiB in big crickot thin ounuon, bin Mortis iu ordor of mngnifudo being : iiOC) not out, 18H, 135,0(5, 81, C8, 15, HI), 20, 10, 11,2, O, and 0. l'\»s(:-boivlor Jofioii bungod up GC- against Victoria tho other day ; hit got his nuiii in ding-dong stylo. Tho Indiarubber Man na a ruin ilootin'b try to gut rims, but whon Iio'h got to got thorn ho docn try. Wo know uonui batsmen who, mi a rule, try to (jot runs, but ivhon they've got to got thoia thoy licom inoapablo of ti'ying. A coinpnriiion of tho pnrformnneo;* of tlio English and Aui-trnlian fast howling crackn in interesting. Tho figures show Hrokou Hill Joneu to be tho iiiiiro deadly trundlor ju«t now. Jfo him tnlcon moro wickers than .Richardson for fowor ruini, but tho iiguroii thoinau'.voM nro tho bem. guide to tho doings : — o. m. n. v. At(t. .Tonon „, ,„ ;it;t 74 (Mia 40 ai.BD I Uicbnrdoon ... i'8U Hi 11,'iX ;15 'SdM Jonoi! in nt proncnt n faator bowlor than IUchardson. Tlio lattor sis nt prosoiifc jiot Jioaily aa dangorouu a bow lor n« ho who iu 10i)t-5. That whippiiij; buck bull is I eoiu'cor nnd nlovror. In ono innin|:;ii ngainnt Viclorin Jonon, omulatiiif.; Hill IIoitoII, imulo (Hi moro run 11 than ho hau totallod iu v,\\[ hit) liuiiuga (IU) piittogothor. ' I'Vnnlc Irodalo in nioiuifiun ni'rin^. Tho public douirosto koo F.A.I. iitaudoub of thi) noxt Toot matoh iu ordor to nmko room for JU'nokociiiio, v/lio ia quito largo onoui;h to fill the pliico. Hy tho way, A.C.K. . floldod during tho lato nmtoh n^ainat ldngland in hin proper plncoa — inid-offunti oxtra. mid-oil — tho llrut time wo'vo aota him thoro throughout 11 mutch for a cou (jidonvblo npneo of timo. Ho fiolded. woll, too. Kolly vontnu Vyo for tlio ball which finished tho Knjflaud match wan amii6ing. I'yo mudo all tho running, but Kelly, having botfcor counnol, plnyod ft wjiitiuff Kftuio, mid ftot'tho voidiot -also tlio ball. Kolly looked jolly j I'yo didn't. ? ? ? Nino tmlln woro ucod in tho match botwocn N.3. Walon nnd Eiifjhuid. Somo of! thoni nftor battling for 200 runu woro uorry- looklng objoolw. Little Davio Noonun'11 15Ji not out in Iho fjljJKOfifc batting offorfc of n Wnvorloyito in lootvl crlokot. Ho bun nn avorngo of CO j»or iunlngff. Tho dostriicliro bowling of Albort IJovr den complut'oly upaut tho porpondioularity of tho Koforu Btunips. Suvtm for 38 on a pood wickot is n porfoniianco which vorily roads liko a i,(icky pitch. Hut it wasn't ; It was a ca3e of ball bonling bat on a hard wickot. Harry Donnn.11 has notched -tl-t runii for four timo« out on behalf of Hurwood, whoso stock is going up with a bang and a bound. K. Hume has (toublo figurod ovnry timo for liudfuni— M., 72 not out, 13, -17 , 00 not out, nnd 27. lias ivIro duuhlu-figurcd with tho ball every timo — bo von for 214. East Sydney havo novor boon beaten by tlio CJlobd; Wnvt'rloy hnvo Jiovor been beaten by Knst Sydnoy, but havo nuc cumbod to tho Olobe. A'ictor Trumpor lino tho liost aggrofjato in local cricket, llaa mado 533 runs in fivo tiiu!', onco not out, avora-;e 1!!3'75. IJro. Walter Slianuan, chief kayi;or of tho coupon eountor, nnd genoriil good fol low of tho Order of tho liar, had a birth day on tho 2nd iimt. It oncitpud tho (snoozing optic of Tin: Aititow at tho precisely proper timo; but it in novor too late to wish a ninn all sorts of good luck nftor roaching his -19th birthday, Jinny sincoro good winhcR to Harold P. Parish, born February 21, 1803. Hnlf of the South Australians toain nro loft-hand batsmon ; so long as thoro aro only ono Hill and ono LUrling wo'll for^ivo them. Cruel irony. Somo of his fellow oflicor under tho VVator and Soworago Hoard ha vo wr hour, proaonted Hon Colroavy, of the, Univoraity CO., with a bag, to coinmomo rato hia appoarnuce against tho Britiahoro. *'«»wi| II IIV UitkUU C1VU II ^UU.IUIlLd It IU UJllUliy such as havo novor had tho oxceoding good luck to niako ton runs, or to cntch a bata niiiu out. linmiuds ua of a littlo utroot incident -ro woro ontcrtninod with a fuw days ago. Two school hub, decently at tired, and carrying book-bags across thoir shoulders, woro strolling along Mnrkot atreot near tho Noozn cillko. Tho Hinaller ono, a woody, wiry follow of about 13, accidentally trod on tho toos of a buro footed, freckle- faced newsboy n tri/lo emallor than himself. Tho newsboy \tiis fcitting on tho korbiitono, but like lightning ho (low up at the other fellow. They had ubout 303CC of banging; thon desisted, for no nppnront reason, as both Boomed an plucky aa fox toriiera. Perhaps iu those oOjqc a mut mil rospoot grow iu thoir Youthful Inioom.-i. Neither upoko ; ouch looked attiio othor (houglilfully ; no gleam of hatred marred thoir freckled fucofj. ' Why don't you polish him off,' said tho biggor uehoolboy, a fat, soft-lookmg fellow of about 15. Tho wendy one, Btraightening his clothoa and lixing tho htrap of hi.'i book-bag, di« dainod a reply. |'Oauso you're afraid of that littlo upidor,' continued tho fat boy, tauntingly. In half the timo it. take.i a self. dubbed ilv 11m 11 to wink tho woiilhm- oyo the littlo upidur luid fnsteuod to tho fat' boy, nnd in ono minuto tho fat boy waa pulling cnor gotically, picking himsolf hj- from tho gutter, nnd brushing tho Markot-stroot dust from hia pretty clothnn. He wiui ox cijodingly bravo in taunt; and word, but iu deed ho wau wofully amiiis, ^, All iiorls of DoiiHohis:! nnd baoolona rumors have boon floating aliout town fl 11 t'l 11 rr* f. li it vr f wtir f n M wi nfVi\\.» f- flint- mixl.i i .1 erickotors omiilnlud ('orbutt'. and ITiUsiiu nioni) ??vithout glovoa at Iho iiniuli of tho International nmtch. School iuHpuctorii, or thoao whoso duty it is to round up parents whose off.-ihootu aro not trotted off to nchool, would do good businomi nt isoino of tho focal cricket grounds during woek nlternooni? from ' to 1. o'clock. The dirty, ragged, sunburnt., barefooted youngotors, ranging from -t to It yearn of ago, frorruont thown ]-hu!i-:i in droven. It is a ohamo that, bo many littlo follows aro ullowod to thus grow up wild. Tich Gregory was presented with a hand iiomo uot of pipes, pouches, tobacco and other mnoking iuoidentalu by roiuo ud mirora of hid bat ting against tho Hritiahora. Worno fielding than that of tho Univor nity thirteen against tho Kngliuhmon Innb Saturday Tub Aituovv linn never tiumi in Sonior club oricknt. Two onny chaucoo at Hquaro loj; woro dropped by Colroavy off Clnrko; nu oven ft moro fiimplo third 0110 wiih ininnod by Poidoviu afc nxtrn mid-off off O'jlara; mid tho oimjileot of nil wau un caughfc by stiller of tho Molboumo 'Var nity at tho oxpunso of Charlton'o howling. Woro it not for thoao dark biota in tho Hold tho Englishmen might hnvo oxporioncod a bad timo, for Wainwright was dropped at 17 (ho mado 27); Storor wnn dropped nt 0 and G7 (ho inado 03), and Druoo was dropped afc S) (ho iimdo Gi not out). Although ho tried bard, Colt- Poiduvln floldod very much bolow good form, Tho turf at nxtnv mid-off on tho Ov.xl in not an umooth an jr'asa, but ita littlo iiicquivlitiuo did not inconvonionco tho old champion, II, Monos, vtIioso picking up nt cover waa very clean. ? » ? Wordsi of praino arp morilcd by G. 11. O. Olarlto, tho 'Varaity lof»-l)rcab bowlor, for bia accuracy and judgment and pluck with tho ball, and for bio alert Holding' nnd non-fumbling catching; also to footballer Shortlnud, whoso catching of Storor was ' good enough,' to quota tho words of ono of tho patronoof Scotchman's Hill. Tho Indian Frinco liko most groat batn 111011 has (jpnorally to givo only ono chnnco and out ho goes. He played tho boot crickot ngainat tho 'Varsity, and was out to a very good catch — tho only chnnco bo j;nvo. Whfiii tho cricketers* were pounced upon by Homo limba of tho law in a Molbourno botol on a Sunday during tho recent tuirr.ty tronthor tho nloretmUl limli.stoolc tlionamou and nddrosBcu of thoso prosont. Cominfj tlioy nskod Jiim liis linmo, cot it; next hin addrons, got it: ' ' Gloveville/ Wiokotfiold, Bristol, England.' Tlio gentloman of uni form (ho wasn't in uniform this timo) widely oponod his oyes, and Paid : 'l'h wat aro yo giving un ? I want tho nnme of tho plnoo whore yo livo.' ' I've told you,' Raul tho lively J.U.U. 'That's the only address I've got.' ' Well,' nuid tho bobby, with a gloam of triumph in his oyo, ' whoro did yo olapo laslit night.' 'Sloop!' replied Board ; 'Sloop! Groat Scott, man, I walked Uollins-stroot ! I couldn't sloop a wink laut night with tho heat.' It all ondod happily. J. 11.15. has not heard any morn of tlio business. Harry Donuan'w 200 not out in four bourn wan a wonderful innings. Tho Shoremen havo a remarkably high opinion of H.IX'b batting, but H.D. does not hold that tlio Shore mim. aro re markably good bowlers. Why should ho ? ? L;ist soason ho knocked up 308 against them ; this Beason it in 200, which givos 508 for onco out. Tho last two Hur wood wina havo boon won by 1) o 11 u a 11, who got 103 out of 170 against. Tioichhardt (tho next highest Booro being It), nnd 200 not out out of 333 ngainst North Sydnoy. Vorily, Dotinan is a bull-doggy cricketer : fighta tho othor follows by himself, and bents them, too. Talking about timoking, 'I'm; Akhow Logo to offer a word of warning to youngstora who pull tho cigarette. Givo it up, boyn, otherwise it will make you givo up tho crickoting ghost n fow yearn earlier than would bo otherwise necessary. Should Harold Kvors do woll against South Australia, and again do woll next soasoti, ho will stand ft big chance of getting a place as second wickot-koopor iu tho next Australian lClovon. For this reason Tub Aitnow is plnnsud with hia selection ; although good and dashing bat that ho is, theronro three or four hotter batsmen iinsnlnnfm]. II. IT. Masnio did count fine old hitting nt Wontivorth Park last Saturday; nhio did a good old chat botwoon hita with 1882 comr.ido Aliek Uiiiineiinan. Another old stager, iu tlio person of II. iUoaus, did well against tho Hritiuhora — made lop suoro and carried his bat out oil the bad wicket. II, A. Kvora, iielectod to fill tho Irodalo gnp, has Kcored for South Sydney thia Hoaaon 0, 31, 0(1, 10, 8, 51 and 00 ; 25 against Now South Wales ; 45 n,»ainst CJubargo Fifteen; and 110 against Hoga District. Ho is a harder hitter and stronger man than eliibniate CharloK Grogory ; but Tin; Aitnow bolieron that fcho hitter iu tho bettor bat, and will shortly bo one of the best iu tho colony. Ho has bettor club performance:) tlmnljvonj. Apropos of Gregory Junior. In a match between lOlectric Telegraph and ' I'addington, on tho hitter's ground on Wod iienday, tho ]'!.T. made HO and Paddington lent tho first five wickets for 10, and woven for 17. Tho ninth man in iitonownllod whilo C.G. bunged, and tho finish of tho innings wiui 120. Charlie Grfigory'11 nhnro wau 81, in making which ho whanged four 5'a uiid seven -L's — all lino ntrokon, Hitn to the fence were very difficult owing to the luxuriance of tho grans. S, W, Austin, of Wavorloy, lino captured twenty-four wickota for 322 ruim, and nmdo 158 runs in fire trioa. Hatting, average 31*60, and bowling, 13 ruim per wickot. Ho was good enough to bo anked to play ngainnt Victoria. Agrood to play dropped at luat momont. Now ho iim't good onough to play againot South Aun tralin, whilo othorn who weron't r.olooted whon ho wna Bolootod aro now picked, and yet Binco thon ho hat) done bottor work than they. Things woro vory quiet down at Wont worth I'nrk on Saturday, uavn when l-'oot- ballor Evans and Hatomnn Youll woro stopping tho rot. Thoro woro rumorn of a protest; thoy nay that Captain Coningham wno importuuod to protest against Kelly and Noblo playing, but tho loft-handor ?.vonld not hoar of it. Randwiok desoryo a t-pocial lino in Tin; Aunow for oompiling 1203 ngainot Emit Sydnoy; it ia tho Jirnt timo they Imvo rt'Holted 200. JncU Tionry, who {;ofc^3» hurt vory bnd luck in not conturying. No m.ittor, It-widwiek hnvo yot to uioefc I'nil dington.and no doubt JJ.i.nnd ono or two othern will hiiro a big (try to threo-flguro on thiit occasion. If Arthur Kidman had not gob out ilmt ball Krtiidivlclt might havo won .thiu match, an thoy woro buatoii by only 4i rniio, FinlihiK Tnoklo.— fjpoolnl noiioK of llavtloll'n Sii ur,n,U(I 1'0nkl1 iu-t l»n«I«U, i-owost lirioon nt Mink aimiiioiu1, Hnymnrlmt. nnd i 1 1 -t yi - i.« M. IIOXNAN. 