T FzE Br MIns. G. SrELnDO., Authoress of "Dorothy's Jewels." CHAPTER XXXVIII-(CON-TIUsD). SAn hour passed, during which Mrs Goddard lay where she had fallen and almost benumbed by her misery. Then there came a knock upon her door, which was immediately opened, and MIr Goddard entered the room. He was still very pale, but grave and self-contained. The woman started to a sitting posture, exclaiming in an unnatural voice " What do you want here I" "I have come, Anna, to talk over with you the events of the morning-to ask you to try and control yoorself, and look at our peculiar situation with calmness and practical common sense," he calmly replied. VWell I" was all the response she vouchsafed, as he paused an instant. "I have not come to oiler any excuse for myself, or for what you overheard this morning," he thoughtfully resumed ; "indeed 1 have none to offer-smy whole life, I own, has, as Isabel rightly said, been a failure thus far, and no one save myself is to blame for the fact. Do not sneer, Aonn," hI interposed, as helr lips curled back from her daeling teth, which he saw very tightly locked with the effort she was making at self-control. "1 have been thoroughly humiliated for the first time in my life-I have been made to see myself as I am, and I have reached a point where I am willing to make an effors to atone, as far as may be, for some of the wrongs of which I have been guilty. Will you help meno, Anna I" Again he paused, but this time his companion did not deign to avail herself of the opportunity to reply, if indeed she was able to do so. She had not once removed her glitter ing eyes from his tace, and her steady, inscrutable look gave him an uneanny sensation that was anything but agree able. "I have come to propose that we avail ourselves of the only remedy that seems practicable to relieve our peculiar situa tion," he continued, seeing she was waiting for hinm to go on. "1 will apply to have tne tie which binds me to Isabel annulled, with all possible secrecy-it can be done in the West without any notoriety; then I will make you my legal wife, as you have so often asked me to do, and we will go abroad again, where we will try to live out the remainder of our lives to some better purpose than wa have done heretofore. I ask you again, will you try to help me? It is not going to he an easy thing at lirt ; but if each will try, for the sake of the other, I believe we can yet attain comparative content if not positive happiness." "Cotenlet! / nppiness !" The words were hissed out with a fierceness of passion that startled him, and caused him to regard her anxiously. "HaLppiness I" she repeated. "Ha I ha l what mockery in the sound of that word from your lips, after what has occurred to-day I" "I know that you have cause to be both grieved and angry, Anna," said Gorald Goddard. humbly; "but let us both put the past behind us-let us wipe out all old scores, and from this day begin a now life." "' Begin a new lifo' upon a heap of Saslhes, without one spark among them to ignite the smallest flame I" was the mock iong rejoinder. Then, with a burnt of agony, ehe continued: "Oh, God if you had taken a dagger and stabbed me to death in that room today, you could not have slain me more effectually than by the words you have uttered. Begin a new life with you, after your confessions, your pleadings, and protestations to Isabel Stewart Haven I i'ver!c I hate you I hate you! ua n You I with all the strength of my Italian blood, and warn you beware / And now, begone I" The woman looked like a maniac, as she poured this wild torrent upon him, and the man saw that she was in no mood to be reasoned with or to consider any subject that it would be wiser to wait until the fierceness of her anger had spent itself. He had broached the matter of their future relations, thus giving her some thing to think of, and now he would leave her to meditate upon it by herself ; perhaps, in a few days, she would be in a more reasonable frame of mind, and look at the subject from a different point of view. '"Very well, Anna," Ie said, as ho arose, "I will obey you. I do not pretend to claim that I have not given you cause to feel aggrieved in many respects; but, as I have already said, that is past. I simply aok you to do what I also will do-put all the old life behind us, and begin over again. I realise that we cannot discuss the question to any purpose now-we are both too wrought up to think or talk calmly, so I will leave you to rest, and we will speak of this at another time. Can I do anything for you before I go or perhaps you would like your maid sent to you 1" "No," she said briefly, and not once baving removed her wild eyes from his tace while he was speaking. He bowed, and passed out of the room, softly shutting the door after him, then walked slowly down the hall to his own apartment. The moment he was gone Anna Goddard sprang like a cat to her feet. Going to her writing-desk she dashed off a few lines, which she hastily folded ond slipped irto an envelope, which she sealed and addressed. She then touched the electric button abhove her desk to summon her maid. after which she sat motionless, with the missive clasped in her hands until the girl appeared. "Dress yourself for the street, Mary, and take this note to Mr Clayton'sa office. le quick about it, for it is a matter of imnportance," she commanded, while she ferced herself to speak with outward calmness. But Mary regarded her mistress with wollder, for, in all her " tantrums," as alshe termed them, aleo had never seen the awful look upon her face which was etaoepod upon at at that moment. But she took the note without comment, an:l astened away upon her errand, tehilo Mrs (oddard, thlrowing hersell back in her chair, nat there waiting with an air of expoetation that betrayed ale was looking for the appearance of some neo. ltalf an hour later a gentleman was ,.,nitted to the house, and was shown t. eetly up to my lady's boudoir. CHAPTER XXXIX. 1:t?,:Oets5 MORt STARTLLNO DEVELOPMENT%. T'rh gentleman caller referred to in the [,t chapter, was closeted with Mru G,,ddard for fully two hours, when he quietly left the house. A foew minutes later, Ihoweover, heo ro turned, accompanied by two other men cierks fron a neighborinog drug store - swlom ho admitted with a latch-key, and then conducted them up to Mrs Goddard's boudoir. The strangers did not remain long whatever their errand, it was soon lininhed, aid they departed as silently as they had come (Mr Clayton remained some time longer, conversing with the mistress of the house, but their business being finally concluded, he also went away, bearing a package of papers with him. Emil Corrolli returned just in season for -dinner, which, however, he was obliged to partake of alone, as Mr and Mrs Goddard did not make their appeor aueo at the table. The young man paid slight heed to ceremony, but, after eating a hasty meal, sought his sister and informed her that he was going to start for Now York on the late evening train. The woman gave him one wild, startled glance, and seemed strangely agitated for a moment over his announcement. Hlt could not fail to notice her emotion, and that she was exceedingly pale. " You look like a ghost, Anna," he re marked, as he searched her face with some anxiety. "What is the matter with youe I fear you are going to be ill." "I am ill," she said, in a hoarse, un natoral tulle. "Then lot me call you physician," said her brother, eagerly, "I am going out immediately, and will leave a message for him." No-no," sIte nervously replied; then with a hollow laugh, that smote heavily upon her companion's heart, she added : '" My case is beyond the reach of Doctor Bunt or any other physician." "Anna, have you been quarrelling with Gerald eSain P" "Yes, was the brief response. W' ell, of course I can understand that such matters are beyond the skill of any phyeiciao," said the young man, with a nalf-impatient shrug of his shoulders; " neither have I any busonese to iuterfere Oetween you," he added; "but my advice to you would be to make it up as sooun as possible, and then try to live peacefully it the future. .1 do not like to leave you looking so white and miserable, but I must go. Take good care of your self, and I shall htope to find you better and happier when I return." -le bent down to give her a farewell caress, and was amazed by the passion she manifested in returning it. She threw her arms around his neck and hold him in a convulsive embrace, while she quivered from head to foot with rer,,ssed emotion. She did not utter one word of farewell, but a wild sob burst from her; then, as if she could bear no more, she pushed him from herand rushed into her chamber, shutting and looking the door behind her. Emil Correlli left the boudoir, a puzzled expression on his handsomo face; for, althouglh his sister enas subject to strengeo atlacks, he had lnever seen her like this before. " Anna will come to grief some day witn that cursed temper of hers," he muttered, as he went to his room to pack his portmanteau, but he was too intent upon his own affairs to dwell long upon even the trouble of his sister, and a couple of hours later was on his way' to New York, to begin his search for his runaway bride. 'The next morning Alrs Goddard was "too ill to rise," she told her maid, when she came at the usual hour to her door. Slhe would not admit her. but sent word by her to her husband that she could not Join him at breakfast. He went up, later, to see if she would allow him to call a physician for her, but she would not see him, simply telling him she " would do well enough without advice-all she needed was rest, and she did not wish to be disturbed by any one until she rang." Feeling deeply disappointed and de pressed, by her unusual obstinacy, the wretched man went down stairs, and shut himself into the library, where he remained all day, while there was such a loneliness and desolateness about the house that even the sereants appeared to feel it, and went about with solemn faces and almost stealthy steps. Could any one have looked behind those closed doors he could not have failed to have experienced a pity for the man ; for if ever a human soul wont down into the valley of humiliation, Gerald Goddard sounded its uttermost depths, while he battled alone with all the powers of evil that beset his soul. When night came he was utterly ex hausted, and sought his couch, looking at least tea years older than he had appeared forty-eight hours previous. He slept heavily and dreamlessly, and did not awake until late, when an impera. tive knock upon the door and a voice, calling in distress, caused him to spring ?i" orum " -u. ... -?............ him with a sense of impending evil. " What is it, Mary T' he inquired, upon recognising the voice of his wife's maid. "Oh, airl Comel--come to madame; she is very ill I" cried the girl in a frightened tone. "I will be there immediately. Send James for the doctor, and then go back to her," commanded her master, as he hurriedly began to dress. Five minutes later he was in his wife's room to find her lying upon the lounge, just as he had seen her thirty-six hours previous. It was evident that she had not been in bed at all for two nights, for she still had on the same dress that she had worn at the Copley Square Hotel. But the shadow of death was on her white face; her eyes were glazed, and though only partially closed, it was evi dent that she saw nothing. She was still breathing, but faintly and irregularly. Her hands were icy cold, and at the bahse of the nails there was the unmistakable tint that indicated approaching dissolution. Gerald Goddard was shocked beyond measure to find her thus, but he rose to the occasion. With his own hands and the assis tance of the maid, he removed her cloth ing, then wrapped lier in blankets and put her in bed, when he called for hot water bottles to place around her, hoping thus by artificial heat to quicken the sluggish circulation and her failing pulses. But, apparently, tlere was no change in her, and whoen the physician came and made his examination, he told them plainly that "no effort could avail-it was a case of sudden heart failure, and the end was but a question of momenta." Mr Goddard was horrified and stricken with remorse at this hopeless verdict, for it seumed to him that he was in a measure aecountable for the untimely shock which was fast depriving of life this woman who had loved him so passionately, though unwisely. Bo put his lips to her ear and called hoe by name. "Anna I Anna I You mtst try to arorse yourself," he cried, in a voice of agony. - At first the appeal seemed to produce no effect, but after several attempts he thought he detected a gleam of intelli genoe in the almost sightless eyes, while the cold fingers resting on his hand made an effort to close over his. Thoese slight sounds convinced him that though she was past the power of speech, she yet know him and clung to him, in spite of the clutch which the relentless enemy of all mankind had laid upon her. "Doctor, hab knowsme I" he exclaimed. "Pray give her some stimulant to arouse her dormant faculties, if only for a mo ment." " I fear it will be of no use," the phy sician replied, "but I will try." He hurriedly prepared and administered a powerful restorative; then they waited with breathless interest for several mo ments for some sign of improvement. It came at last : she began to breathe a trifle more regularly ; the set features became a little less rigid, and the pulse a shade stronger, until finally the white lids were lifted and the dying woman turned her eyes with a pitiful expression of appeal upon the man whom, even in death, shoe still adored. " Leave us alone I" commanded Gerald Goddard, in a hoarse whisper, and phy sician and servants stole notselessly from thi room. "Anna, you know me-you understand what I am saying?" the wretched man then questioned. A slight pressure from the cold fingcrs was the only reply. " You know that you are dying 1" he pursued. Again that faint sigh of assent. "Then, dear, let us be at peace before you go," he pleaded, gently. Ify soul bows in humiliation and remorse before you; for years I have wronged you. I wronged you in those first days in Itemse I have no excuse to offer. I simply tell you that my spirit is crushed within me as I look hback and realize all that I am accountable for. I would have been glad to atone, as far as was in my power, could you have lived to share my future. Give me some sign of forgiveness to tell me that you retract those last bitter words of hate-to let me feel that in this final moment we part in perace." t his pleading a look of agony dawned in the woman's failing eyes-a look so pitiful in its yearning and despair that the strong man broke down and sobbed from sorrow and contrition ; but the sign he had begged for was not given. "Oh, Anna I pray show me, in some wav that you will not die hating me," he pleaded. "Forgive--ol, forgive I" At those last words those alimost pal sled fingers closed convulsively over his ; the look of agony in those dusky orbs was superseded by one of adoration and tenderness; a faint expression of some. thing like peace crept into the tense lines about the drawn mouth, and the repen tant watcher know that she would not go out into the great unknown hearing in her heart a relentless hatred against him. That effort was the last flicker of the expiring flame, for the white lids drooped over the dark eyes; the cold fingers re laxed their hold, and Gerald Goddard know the end had almost come. He touched the bell, and the physician almost instantly roe-entered the room. "It is almost over," he remarked, as he went to the bedside, and his practised hand sought her pulse. Even as he spoke, her chest heaved once-then again, and all was still. Who shall describe the misery that surged over Gerald Goddard's soul as he looked upon the still form and realised that the grandly beautiful woman, who for twenty years had reigned over his home, was no morel that never again would he hear her voice, either in words of fond adoration or in passionate anger; never ae her again, arrayed in the costly apparel and gleaming jewels which she so loved, mingling with the gay people of the world, or graciously entertaining guests at her own house 1 He felt almost like a murderer, for, in spitse of Dr. Hunt's verdict that she had died of "sudden heart failure," he feared that the poor woman had been so crushed by what she had overheard in Isabel teowart's apartments that she had volun tarily ended her life. It was only a dim suspicion-a vague impression, for there was not the slightest evidence of anything of the kind, and he would never dare to give voice to it to any human being; never theless, it pressed heavily upon his soul with a sense of guilt that was almost in tolerable. A message was immediately sent flying over the wires to Now York to inform Emil Corrolli of the and news, and eight hours later, he was back in Boston crushed for the time by the loss of the sister for whom he entertained perhaps the purest love of which his selfish heart was capable of experiencing. We will not dwell upon the harrowing events of the next few days. Suadice it to say that society, or that portion of it that had known the brilliant Mrs Goddard, was greatly shocked by the sudden death of one of its " brightest ornaments." and gracefully mourned her by covering her costly casket with choicest flowers ; then closed up its ranks and went its way trying to forgot the pale charger which they knew would come again and again upon its grim errand. The day following Anna Goddard's interment in Forest Hill Cemetery 1Mr Goddard and his brother-in-law were waited upon by the well-known lawyer, Arthur Clayton, who informed them that he had an important communication to make to them. "Two days previous to her death I received this note from MIrs Goddard," he remarked, at the same time handing a daintily perfumed missive to the elder gentleman. "?In it you will observe that she asks me to come to her immediately. 1 obeyed her, and found her looking very ill, and seemingly greatly distressed in body and mind. Shs told meo she was impressed that aho had not long to lives that she had an affection of the heart that warned her' to put her affairs in order. Sie desired me to draw up a will at once, according to her instructions, and have it signed and witnessed before I left the house. _I did so, calling in at her request two witnesses from a neigh boring drug store, after which sheo gave the will into my keeping, to be retained until her death. This is the document, gentlemen," he remarked, in conclusion, "'and here, also, is another communica tion, which she wrote herself, and directed me to hand it to you, sir." He arose and passed both the will and the letter to MAr Goddard, who had seemed greatly agitated while heo was speaking. tie simply took the letter, remarking: "Since you are already acquainted with the contents of the will, sir, will you kindly read it aloud in our presence 7" -ir Clayton flushed slightly as he bowed acquiescenc. The document proved to be very short aand to the point, and hcqucathcd every thing that the woman Ihad poasseseod " excepting what the law would allowr as Gerald Goddard's right "-Ito her beloved brother, Emile Corrolli, who was re quested ht pay to thile servants certain amounts which she named. That was all, ansd Air Goddard knew that in theo eat of her anger againsst him sire had made this rash disposition of hIer proporty-as sh hlad the right to do, uineo it had all been settled I uon hir to hbe revengod upotn hint by leiaving hits entirely dependent upon his own ro. l.urccs. At first he expcrienced a se?oro shock at her act, for the thought of poverty was anything but agreeablo to him. LIo had lived a lifo of idleneoss and pleasure for so many years that it would not be an easy matter for him to give up the many luxuries to which le had beeoon accustomod without a thought or care concerning their coat. But after the first fooling of dismay had passed, a sonso of relief took posses sion of him ; for, with his suspicions regarding the cause of Anna's death, he could never have known one moment of comfort in living upon her fortune, even had she loft it unreservedly to him rather than to her brother. Enmile Corrolli was made sole executor of the estate; and, as there was nothing further for iMr Clayton to do alfter read ing the will, he quietly took his depar turo, leaving the two men to discuss it at their lohuaro. CHAPTER XL. " YOU WILL VACATE THESE PREMIbES AT YOUR EARLIEST CNVENIENCE." ' Well, Gerald, I must confess this is rather tough on you I" bonsieur Corrolli remarked, in a voice of undia guised astonishment, as soon as the lawyer disappeared. "I call it down right shabby of Anna to have left you so in the lurch. "It does not matter;" returned the elder man, but somewhat coldly ; for, despite his feeling of relief over the disposition of horproperty,ho experienced a tinge of jealousy towards the more fortunate heir, whoso pity was ex cessively galling to him under theo.cirum stances. Although the two men had quarreled just before Monsieur Correlli's departure for New York, all ill- feeling had been ignored in view of their common loss and sorrow, and each had conducted himself with a courteous bearing toward the other during the last few days. " What in the world do you suppose possessed her to make such a will f" the oung man inquired, while he searched companion's lace with keen scrutiny. "And how strange that she should have imagined all of a sudden that she was going to die, and so put her affairs in order I" MIrGoddardsawthathuhad no suspicion of the real state of things, and ihe had no intention of betraying any secrets if he could avoid doing so. No one,-not even her own brother should ever know that Anna had not been his wife He would do what he could to shield her memory from every reproach, and no one should over drean that-he could not divest himself of the suspicion-she had died wilfully. Therefore, he replied with apparent frankuess: " I think I can explain why she did so. On the day of our return from Wyoming, Anna and I had a more serious quarrel than usual ; I never saw her so angry as she was at that time; she even went so far as to tell me that she hated me; and so, I presume, in the heat of her anger, she resolved to cut me off with the proverbial shilling to be revenged upon me." " Well, aheo has done so with a von. geanco," muttered his brother-in-law. "I went to her afterward and tried to make it up," his companion resumed, " but she would have nothing to say to me. She was looking very ill, also, and when the next morning she sent me word that she was not able to join me at break fast, I went again to her door and begged her to allow me to send for Doctor Hunt, but she would not even admit me.'' " What was this quarrel about 1" " Oh, almost all our quarrels have been about a certain document which has long been a bone of contention between us, and this one was an outgrowth from the same subject." "' Was that document a certificate of marriage I" craftily inquired Emil Cor roli. "Yea." " Gerald, were you over really married to Annau" demanded the young man, bonding towatfns him with an eager look. His companion flushed hotly at the question, and yet it assured him that he did not really know just what relations his sister had sustained towards him. "Isn't that a very singular question, Emill" he inquired, with a cool dignity that was very effective. "What led you to ask itP " "Something that Anna herself once said to me suggested the thought," Emil replied. "I know, of course, the cir camatances of your early attachment that for her you left another woman whom you had taken to Rome. I once asked Anna the same question, but she would not answer me directly - she evaded me in a way to confirm my sus picions rather than to allay them. And now this will-it seems very strange that she should have made it if-'" "Pray, Emil, do not distress yourself over anything so absurd," coldly inter posed Gorald Goddard, but with almost hueless lips. " However, if you continue to entertain doubts upon the subject, you have but to go to the Church of the-the next time you visit Rome, ask to see the records for the year 18-, and you will find the narriage of your sister duly recorded there." I? beg your pardon," apologised the doubter, now fully reassured by thu above shrewdly fashioned answer, "but Anna was alwa)s so infernally jealous of you, and made herself so wretched over the fear of losing your affection, that I could think of no other reason for her foolish ness. Now, about this will," he added, loastily changing the subject,and referring to the document. " I don't feel quite right to have all Anna's fortune, in addi tion to my own, and no doubt the poor wirl nould have repented of her rash act if she could have lived long enough to get over her anger and realise what she was doing. I don't need the mooney, and, Gerald, I am willing to make over somo thing to you, especially as I happen to know that you have sunk the most of your money in unfortunate speculations," the young oman concluded, MDr Goddard's sad, whito face appealing to his generosity mi spite of their recent difference. " Thank you, Emil," he quietly re plied, "but I cannot accept your very kind ofrer. Since it was Anna'a wish that you should have her property, I prefer that thie will should stand exactly ao hoe made it. I cannot take any of the money-not even what 'the law would allow,' in view of our relations to each other." Those last words weore uttered in a tone of peculiar bitterness that caused MIo-. aiour Correlli to regard him curiously. "'ray do not take it to heart like that, old boy," hle said kindly, after a moment, "anid let me persuade you to accept at least a few thousands." " Thank you, but I cannot. Please do not press the matter, for my decision is unalterable." "But how the deuce are you going to got along i" questioned the young man. " 1 shall manage very well," was the grave rejoinder. " I have a few hundreds w.:e.il will suflice for my present needs, ann, if my hands have not lost their cun ning, I can abundantly provide for my future by means of my profession. By the way, what are your own plans l if I may enquire." He concluded to change tihe subject. The younlg oan paoled at thie questioln, and an angry frown settled upon his brow. "'I am going to return immediately to New York-- amn bound to find tthat girl," he said, with an air of sullen resolution. " Then you were not successful in your search," Mr Goddard remarked, dropping his lids to hide the flash of satisfaction that leaped into his eyes at the words. " No, and yes. I found out that she arrived safely in Now York, where she was met by a young lawyer-Royal Bryant by name-who immedistely spi rited her away to some place after dodg ing the policeman I had sat on her track. I surmise that he has put her irt.tho care of some of his own friends. I went to him and demanded that he tell me where she was, but I might just as well have tried to extract information from a atone as from that astute disciple of the law. lie finally intimated that my room would be better than my company, and that I nmight hear from him later on." "Ah I he las doubtless taken her case in hand-she has chosen him as her attorney," said MIr Goddard. "It looks like it," snapped the young man; " but he will not find it an easy matter to free her from me ; the marriage was too public and too shrewdly man aged to be successfully contested." "It was the most shameful and das tardly piece of villainy that 1 over heard of," exclaimed Gerald Goddard, indig. nantly, "and-" "And you evidently intend to take the girls part against me," sneered his com panion, his anger blazing forth hotly. " If I remember rightly, you rather ad mired her yourself." "I certainly did; she was one of the purest and sweetest girls I ever mot," was the dignified reply. "Emil, you have not a ghost of a chance of support ing your claim if the matter comes to trial, and I beg that you will quietly relinquish it without litigation," he con cluded, appealingly. "Not if I know myself," was the defiant retort. "But that farce was no marriage." "All the requirements of the law wore fulfillea, and I fancy that anyone who attempts to prove to the contrary will find himself in deeper water than will be comfortable, in spite of your assertion that I 'have not a ghost of a chance.' " "Possibly, but I doubt it. All the same, I warn you, hero and now, Cur relli, that I shall use what influence I have toward freeing that beautiful girl from your power," aMr Goddard affirmed, with an air of determination not to be mistaken. " Do you mean it- you will publicly appear against me if the matter goes into court V" c"I do." The young man appeared to be in a white rage for a moment ; then, snapping his fingers defiantly in his companion's face, he cried: "Do your worst I I do not fear you ; you can prove nothing." " No, I have no absolute proof, but I can at least give the court the benefit of my suspicions andopinion." ' Whatl and compromise your dead wife before a scandal-loving public ?' "Emil, if Anna could speak at this moment, I beliove she would tell the truth herself, and save that innocent and lovely child from a fate which to her must seem worse than death," Mr Goddard solemnly asserted. "Thank you-you are, to nay the least, not vere flattering to me in your comparisons,' angrily retorted Monsieur. OCarrelli, as he sprang from his chair and moved toward the door. He stopped as he laid his hand upon the silver knob and turned a white, vin dictive face upon the other. " Well, then," he said, between his white, set teeth, "since you have deter. mined to take this stand against ime, it will not be agreeable for us to meet as heretofore, and I feel compelled to ask you to vacate these promises at your very earliest convenience." " Very well I shall of course imme diately comply with yourrequest A few hours will suflice me to make the move you suggest," frigidly responded Gerald Goddard, but he had grown ghastly white with wounded pride and anger at being thus ignominiously turned out of the house, where for so many years he had reigned supreme. Emil Correlli bowed as lihe concluded, and left the room without a word in reply. (To beIs Continued). 