THE CONSECRATED CATHEDRAL. A STORY IN STONE. (See Illustration Tat/e 8.) His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan is sin gularly blessed by Providence in being privileged to see the beginning, the completion, and Consecra tion of his Cathedral — a privilege and a happiness which has probably not fallen to any other prelate in modern times. In the case of old St. Mary's, Archbishop Polding did not see the beginning — that was the work of Father Therry. So, in Mel bourne, Archbishop Carr received St. Patrick's Cathedral half finished from hia predecessor, Dr. Goold. So, too, in Ballarat, Dr. O'Connor com menced and Dr. Moore completed it. The Goul burn instance is unique at least in colonial cathe dral-building. Hia Lordship Dr. Lanigan has seen every stone laid and set. The Goulburn Cathedral was completed in 1890, the whole work having occupied only 20 years. So that the edifice might be wholly dedicated to God without debt on it of any kind, the Consecration was put off till the pre sent year. The builders, resting after their labours, and now enjoying a period of calm and grateful reflection, the cathedral may be left to speak for itself with its own appealing eloquence its tale and history told in its walls, in its windows, in its towers, and in its traceries — telling of the piety, the generosity, the courage and the devotion which inspired its builders and sustained %lthem step by step in the accomplishment of the high and holy pur pose to which they consecrated so much love and so much self-sacrifice — teaching its lesson of Catholic faith, of Catholic unity, Catholic sodality, and Ca tholic advancement — its lesson of heroic endeavour rewarded by happy and complete achievement. The great event of Sunday last, holily and happily cele brated as it was, may be regarded as the crowning act of faith and sacrifice in. connection with a work which commands at onoe the sympathy, the ad miration, and the gratitude of the whole Catholic community, for though the honour of the erection of the noble building belongs to those whose loving inbours sanctified the work even before the com pletud walls were blessed in the custom of Holy Church, tho joy in the completion and the prida in the possession of such a structure, such a monu ment of Catholic strength aud vitality, so far from being confined within any parochial or diocesan limits, extends throughout the length and breadth of Australia. Whether or not Sunday last was the happiest day of Bishop Lanigan'o life, we are not in a position to say, for though all the consoling and gratifying circumstances of the celebration con spired to make him truly happy, and it was the very day of days upon which the ' genial currents of the 'soul' might be expected to flow most freely, the time-honoured sentence did not drop from his Lordship's lips. Still we believe it was the happiest day of his life, being as it was. the double festival of his Sacerdotal Golden Jubilee and of the Consecration of his noble Cathedral. It ie unlikely that there will be any more cere monies connected with the building itself. It is safe to say that while Goulburn lasts the Cathedral of SS. Peter and Paul will remain as a monument of faith and devotion. He was neither a humble artist nor an imperfect observer of society who spoke of the peculiar blessings of a cathedral to those who built it, and who recognized how, day by day, &s; the temple grew more and more beautiful, its power over those who prayed and worshipped beneath itc spell became stronger, until its loveli ness passed into their lives, and they learnt the laws of beauty and of love from it as a great and untir ing teacher. THE CATHEDRAL COMMENCED. The first stone was blessed by Dr. Lanigan on the 12th of February, 1871. Their Lordships the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst (since de ceased), and the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, were present. THE LAST CONTRACT — 1887-1890. It was on Sunday, May 15, 18S7, that the corner stone of the last portions of the structure were laid by the Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydney and his Lordohip Dr. Lanigan. The prelates present were Dr. Murray, of Maitland, and Dr. Byrne, of Bathurot. On the 29th of June, 1890, the ceremony of blessing and dedicating the completed building v/aa performed by the Cardinal-A.rchbishop, assisted by his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Carr, Archbishop Melbourne ; hia Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Reynolds, Archbishop of Adelaide (since deceased) ; Bishop Lanigan, of Goulburn ; Bishop Murray, of Mait land ; Bishop Torreggiani, of Armidale ; Bishop Revillo, of Sandhurst, Yictoria ; Bishop Byrne, of Bathurst; Bishop Dunne, of Wilcannia; Bishop Doyle, of Grafton; and the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary-Bichop of Sydney. On that occasion the oum of £1500 was received in caoh, and with promises the offerings amounted to over £2000. His Lordship Dr. Lanigan gave £250, his Eminenco the Cardinal-Archbishop 25 guineas, his Grace Dr. Carr £25, his Grace Archbishop Reynolds £20, his Lordship Dr. Murray £20, Father Finnogan £20, Father Fallen £20, and Dr. Gal lagher (now Coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn) £20. Mr. Rogero,rof ' The Arcade,' Goulburn, Protes tant, gave £25. In the course of his speech Dr. Lanigan said that in the preceding three years there had bean received in cash about £8000, which, con sidering the circumstances of Goulburn, was truly marvellouG. He specially instanced the munificence of Mrc. Dalglish, who gave £1000 for the window in the oanetnary and £1200 for the organ. THE FINAL EVFORT, In February last the final effort was made to clear off the debt of £1887 17s 9d. His Lordship Dr. Gallagher, at the meeting held on the first Sunday of February, headed the list with a donation of £100. Other amounts received : — Mr. C. Gillespie 30 guineas, Father P. J. Donovan £25, Father O'Dwyer £25, Father Kennedy £20, Mr. P. Leyne £21, Father Ryan £10, Father O'Shea £10, Dr. M'Killop £10 10s, Mr. P. M'Shanc £10 10s, Rev. Mother Convent of Mercy £10 10s, Mr. Anthony M'Gauran £10 10s, Mr. 'Frank Kelly £10, Mr. J. O'Halloran £10, Passionist Fathers £5 5s, Mr. G. Sykes, £5 on, Mr. J. Brennan £5, Mr. W. E. Dwyer £5 os, Mr. W. G. Armstrong £5 5s, Mr J. Cunning ham £o, Mr. J. E. O'Brien £5, other donations wero from £3 3s to 5s. The amount promised by the clergy was approximately £190, and by the laity £310, making a total of about £430 to begin with. The collection on Sunday last completely cleared the Cathedral. As a matter of fact, there is a credit balance? TARTLY DESCRIPTIVE, TARTLY COMMENT. In point of position and architectural merit the Cathedral of SS. Peter and Paul is entitled to first place among the public buildings of Goulburn. This may be said without in any ungracious spirit ignoring the fact fhat the neighbouring Anglican Cathedral of St. Saviour is one of the best ex amples of Gothic work in Australia. Standing at the intersection of Bourke and Verner streets, SS. Peter and Paul's is a landmark and 'steering- point' for all visitors. In the erection of the Cathedral, apart from the higher religious con siderations, we have a striking illustration of the old order changing to the new, in a material sense. His Lordship of. Goulburn had neither the wealth nor the magic to turn brick into marble in imitation of the artistic pagan of old, but to this he may lay claim, that, finding a modest brick church, he has left a fine cathedral solidly built of stone. If it were possible to re-name the Cathedral, it should be called St. Patrick's, being, as it is, almost entirely built of greenRtone* This species of stone, it seems, has turned black in other buildings, but the stone in the Cathedral had become greener and greener every year. Dr. Lanigan him^lf selected' this particular and very pretty variety of stone, and there cannot be the least harm in saying that his; Lordship, with a felicity all his own, successfully blended in this case, as he has done in so many other instances, the practical and the patriotic: Then, again, it is a circumstance not without signi ficance that his Lordship specially arranged that the 'Cathedral should be Consecrated in 1898. His Lordship might, had he wished, have selected 1897, He preferred '98 But this is drifting away from architectural fea ture and detail. Some twenty-six years ago the old brick church, at that time the only good brick church in all the country southward of the metro polis, was found to be too circumscribed, and the Bishop of the diocese commenced the greatly enlarged and beautified edifice. The new church was erected outside the existing one, which was used as a sanctuary right up to the time the new one was sufficiently advanced, to serve that purpose. Then the relic of the past was demolished and re moved. The Cathedral is Gothic in style and cruciform in shape. In the construction of the walls the blending of the greenish-coloured stone with the white Marulan sandstone imparts a pleasantly pic turesque and novel appearance to the Cathedral. The tracery of all the windows, the arch-stones, jambs, string courses, turrets, and crosses are all of the Marulan stone. ' In size the structure will compare favourably with any other colonial Cathedral excepting St. Patrick's in Melbourne and St Mary's in Sydney. The tran septs give for the congregation a space of 91ft by 33ft, and the nave and aisles additional accommoda tion to the extent of 75ft by 65|-ft, and besides there are to be taken into account in estimating the capa city of the building the sanctuary, two side-chapels, of the Blessed Virgin and the Sacred Heart, sacristj'j and tower. The said tower is furnished with a very fine full-toned bell. The best view of the Cathedral is, perhaps, that obtained from the railway station, from which point one may see two gables, one rising in a line over the other, and this line continued gives a view of the tower rising over the higher gable with a turret at each corner— the. total height 107 feet. The lower gable to the top of the first stone cross is 56 feet ; to the top of the cross on the next gable is 71 feet, top of turrets 12£. feet, coping of parapet 107 feet high. The walls and buttresses are very strongly built, and in the latter the white stone goes the full width. A centre lantern tower at the intersection of the nave, chancel, and transept roofs rising to about 30 feet adds considerably to the general aspect of the structure. THE INTERIOR. The inside shows an imposing and spacious building. On entering at the Bourke-street door the visitor beholds an unbroken space of 141 by 33 feet wide. On either side of the nave there are aisles 75 feet by 14, the aisles being divided from the nave by slender moulded columns of Victorian bluestone from Malmsbury. An arch at the end of the aisles opens into the transepts, which are 33 feet by 30 feet ; a corresponding arch on the op posite sides leads to two small chapels dedicated to the Blessed Virgin and the Sacred Heart. An organ gallery over the transept — an entrance to which is gained by a staircase in the tower, so that the choir may have a ready and privateSaccess — adds much to the pleasing appearance of the interior of the structure. This gallery was erected to receive the organ, the gift of Mrs. Dalglish (now Mrs. Bellasis), which was specially built by Messrs. Hill and Sons, London. It will be recollected that this fine organ was 'opened' by the late W. T. Best, who had come out from England to give the first recitals on the Sydney Town Hall organ. Mr. Best, than whom there was no better judge in the world, pro nounced the instrument in the Goulburn Cathedral the finest church organ in Australia. M. Wiegand, the Sydney City Organist, who has since that given several recitals in the Cathedral, was not less enthu siastic in his praise. The interior of walls of the Cathedral are plastered, and the string eourses and label moulds around the windows, as well as the arches, being of a different colour, the effect is pieasing as well as striking. The roof is of wood, and the principals have a piece of tracery cut in wood, curving at the wall, and resting on columns with cap and bases and corbels. The ceiling is divided into three panels, and to prevent dulness of effect different woods with varied beads are used. Six timbers altogether are used, and being merely varnished, show the natural grain and colour. Much depends in a structure of this kind on the floor, and in the Goulburn Cathedral there are three passages in the nave and aisles laid with marble tiles from the end of the front gable to the altar rails, the sanctuary also being paved with polished marble. The sanctuary window, above the High Altar, which coet £1000,. the gift of Mrs. Dalglish-Bellasis — a most artistic and elaborate piece of workman ship, the production of Messrs. Hardman, of Bir mingham — is a great feature of the interior of the Cathedral. The upper portion represents the Crucifixion and the four lower panels the Birth of Our Saviour in the Stable at Bethlehem. At either side of the window are representations of the Descent of the Holy Ghost and Our Lord giving the Keys of the Church to St, Peter. These subjects are beautifully painted. The white marble altar has figures of angels at either side, and the panel in front represents the Worship of the Magi. The side altars comprise the Sacred Heart and the Blessed Virgin Altar. The right transept window, four panels, represents 'The Transfiguration.' This was given by his Lordship Dr. Lanigan. Amongst the other stained-glass windows is one of St. Columbanus, erected by the son and daughter of John Kelly, Yass, and dedicated to their father's memory. Other windows bear the names of Chas. Thomas, Rev. M. S. Coffey, Young Ladies of the Convent, Mrs. J. Costigan, Mr. John Walsh, Patrick Gooly, and Catholic Guild. There is one also by the Holy Family Society. The windows at the; entrance comprise four panels, one of which was given by Mr. Gillespie. -The designs for the new portion of the Cathedral were prepared by Mr. Charles Spadaccini, archi tect,, of. Goulburn, under whose personal super vision, energetically assisted by the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, the building was brought to its completed state. ? 