DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING \------♦♦♦------ (Reprinted from "The Australian" of 1867 by Special Permission.) CHAPTER X. THE BITER IS BIT AND HE BITES AGAIN. On arriving at Maidstone I went to the Railway Inn, and remained there till the next morning. Not liking the house much, I removed in the course of the day to the Royal Hotel. As I always give the world a full account of my proceedings when I am doing others, it is only fair that I should be equally communicative when I get done myself. I affected billiards, and fancied I could play well. There was a billiard-room in the hotel, and to it I want on the evening after my arrival there. There was present a rather stylish-looking person, who intro- duced himself to me in the course of the night. He told me he was an officer in the Royal Artilley, and had recently invented some wonderful rocket, which he gave a very hard name to which I forget. He invited me to play with him. I did so, and won £5 from him that night, promis- ing to meet him there the next evening. But I was not to be done in that manner. I knew it was a common practice among sharpers to allow the victim to win some thing at first, and as I had some slight idea that the artillery gentleman's munitions of war were furnished chiefly by his wits, I was not going to be plucked so innocently as he imagined. I met him the next night, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that I had been suffer- ing from a nervous attack all day. The officer seemed by no means disappointed, but entered into conversation in the most dégagé manner, and finally proposed to introduce me to a young lady to whom he was paying his addresses. I accompanied him to a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I know not, and we alighted at a little cottage, into the parlor of which we were immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not more than seventeen, made her appearance. I was introduced in the approved fashion— "Miss Nelson, Mr. Hamilton,—Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nelson." I have never seen Miss Nelson since that evening, but I retain a most lively recollection of her. She was good-looking, could singing charmingly, and had the most fascinating manner imaginable. Wine was introduced, and although I drank only a couple of glasses, it had such an effect upon me that I found it im- possible to keep my eyes open. Of the after events of that night I can remember but little. The next morning I awoke with a most splitting headache, and found myself in my own room in the Royal Hotel. I jumped out of my bed and dressed myself, and on examining my pockets I found that I had been robbed all my money except a solitary £10 note, which, being in a separate pocket, had either escaped notice or been charitably left me by the thief. All thieves are dread- ful bad losers. I was no exception to the rule, and I could have cried for very vexa- tion. I rang the bell, and asked the waiter how I came home the previous night. He told me that I was brought to the hotel about one o'clock that morning; that the Gentleman who came with me in the cab said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was senselessly intoxicated; that he and the gentleman had carried me upstairs, and that the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, telling him to undress me and get me into bed. Of course I saw in a moment that it was a regular "diamond- cut-diamond" affair, and as talking would not bring my money back, I said nothing of my loss. I have seen the "military officer" since then. We worked together in chains in the same cart some few years ago, and I only recognized him by his telling the story of the "young swell at Maidstone" for the especial edification of myself and the other cart parties. Having been so completely cleaned out, It behoved me to buckle to at once to re- plenish my empty pockets, and as my funds would not admit of any lengthy finessing schemes, I was compelled to com- mence immediate operations. That very day with the zeal of ancient Strabo, I made myself completely master of the geo- raphy of the place, and before night I not only knew how all the rooms were situated, but had made myself pretty well acquainted with the sort of people by whom they were tenanted. I know well enough that it is quite common for a well-dressed thief to take apartments in an hotel and "barber" all the inmates; in other words, to get up in the night, visit all the rooms, and steal as much a possible. This, in technical language, is called "Dancing a lushing drum." Philosophers define instinct as "knowledge prior to experience," and as I certainly at that time was wholly without experience in such matters, I must have been under the guidance of the instinctive faculty. I didn't go to bed that night, but merely lay outside the bed reading. The book was of a moral and religions charac- ter, but it failed to influence me with its arguments. By one o'clock the house was silent, and out I glided, like a ghost. I felt a little nervous on entering the first room; but, despite the model sys- tem, I have been remarkable for good nerves on many a trying occasion, and on this first essay in the "dancing" line I was soon a cool an a cucumber. It would be dull work telling how I searched the clothes, made my way to the dressing- table, pocketed purses watches, chains, gold pins, and other articles that would produce "money, and money any way." I visited four rooms, and then thought it time to return to my own. The next bedroom to that in which I slept was un- occupied, and with the pocket-handker- chief of a commercial gentleman whom I had somewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all the watches, purses, etc., together, entered the empty bedroom, and placed them safely out of sight on a ledge up the chimney, keeping out a few sovereigns for my immediate use. Having done this in a neat and workmanlike manner, I retired to bed. At eight o'clock I jumped out of bed, slipped on my trousers, and then rang the bell violently. A waiter very soon ap- peared. "Tell the landlord I want him; fetch the police, I have been robbed in the night. Twenty-three pounds an a pro- missory note for thirteen, my studs and my pocket-book, all gone. Who could have done it?" The waiter didn't let me go to the end of my sentence, for he ran to the landing and called out, "Here's No 7 has been served the same." Up came the landlord. He said he was sorry in the extreme; he couldn't con- ceive how the thing could have been done. No loss had ever been experienced in his house before. He was sorry, very sorry. The police had been sent to inves- tigate the matter, and he hoped they would succeed in tracing the robber. Four other gentlemen had been robbed also. The inspector of police came shortly afterwards, and looked into, the rooms, and under the beds, as if he thought the thief might have taken a fancy to have a nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an inventory of the property lost, and then went away shaking his head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at the hotel a week, gratis, for a no funds had arrived for me I told the landlord I should be forced to leave my bill unsettled. Under the circum- stances the landlord of course could not M. Gubert, the French pedestrian, who is walking round the world for a wager of £10,000 has arrived at Adelaide. reasonably demur, and at the week's end I left Maidstone, and proceeded by the coach to Chatham. I need scarcely observe that I had during the week removed the "goods and chattels" from the chimney ledge, and conveyed them to Chatham without any fear of consequences. Suspicion fell upon the "military gentleman," for although not in the house on the night in question, he was well acquainted with the premises, and his sudden disappearance was unac- countable, otherwise than by connecting him with the robbery. Thus my own safety secured, and I at the same time "gratified a double grudge"—against the world and against my particular antago- nist. The money result of my night's foray amounted to some forty odd pounds —just sufficient to keep me going while I struck out some fresh scheme for victimis- ing the world. CHAPTER XI. A GLIMPSE OF BETTER THINGS. The second night I was at Chatham I visited the theatre. A Miss Lee was to make her appearance in the character of Juliet, and a very pretty representative of the house of Capulet she was. I re- member well with what energy she vin- dicated Romeo in the lines— "—— He was not born to shame: Upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit; For 'tis a throne where honor may be crowned Sole monarch of the universal earth!" I confess that I felt a boyish passion spring up in my bosom for this young girl, and I sat up a great portion of the night com- posing some complimentary verses to her. I called the next day on the manager of the theatre, and obtained the address of the actress. I forwarded the verses by post, intimating that I was but a mere youth, and should be glad personally to say to Miss Lee how greatly I had been charmed by her acting. I received a reply the next morning, thanking me for the verses, and contain- ing an invitation to tea for the ensuing evening, which was a non-performing night. I purchased the handsomest copy of Shakespeare I could find in the town, and the next evening duly presented myself at Miss Lee's residence. I was received very kindly by the young lady's mother, who informed me that her daughter Ellen would not be able to join us until seven o'clock, having been summoned unexpectedly by the manager of the theatre with the view of permanently engaging her. The mother was a perfect gentlewoman; she told me that Miss Lee had from childhood evin- ced a remarkable enthusiasm for the stage, but that it was with much reluct-ance she herself had consented to her daughter's embracing the theatrical pro- fession as a means of livelihood. A little after seven Ellen Lee came home, and she cordially thanked me for the verses, declaring, however, that they were far too complimentary. I pre-sented her with the Shakespeare, and uttered some nonsense about recognizing in her a genius fit to breathe life into, the beautiful creations of the poet's master- mind. An intimacy sprang up between us—a true and innocent friendship, which I look back to at this moment with melan- choly pleasure. Ellen Lee was only an actress at a small provincial theatre, but she was beautiful, talented, and good. She gained upon my heart every day, and I soon had no secrets that were mine alone. She was my confessor, she was my adviser; and she strove earnestly enough to be the good angel of my life, to save me from my own wayward erring self. I used very often to speak to her about the dangers attending her own pro- fession, and I remember an one of these occasions, she replied in Ophelia's words— "I shall the effect of this good lesson keep, As watchman to my heart; but, good to my brother, Do not, as some ungracious pastors do, Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven, And miss the path thyself." The life of gilt is, indeed, a dark, sad life on which the sunshine of happiness can scarcely for a moment gleam in its unclouded brightness. The haunting memory of crime flings a deep shadow on our path when joy would fain surround us with its light; and as flowers of gladness spring up on our way they are at once blighted by the curse of guilt, which is ever present to the wicked as an interdict to happiness. Thus it was with myself. I might have been very happy in the society of Ellen Lee and her mother had I been but inno- cent. But being the guilty thing I was, there was always present an invisible hand to dash from my lips each cup of bliss before I could sip its promised sweetness. And I am sure—let me write as lightly as I may—that thus it will ever be. There are phantoms ever on the path of crime which scare away the realities that offer happiness to the heart! Yes; in those days Ellen Lee would have made me happy if my own sins had not made me wretched. She gave me a sister's love, and when the darkest of all days came, then came Ellen to comfort and as- sist. My life has been most guilty; but still I have sometimes knelt in prayer to God, and then I have prayed that He who loves the pure in heart would ever keep Ellen Lee happy and good as when she first wandered with me through the Kentish woods near Chatham, listening to my praise, and believing me to be as innocent as herself. I passed at least four months at Chat- ham, and a I lived tolerably frugally, and, in Ellen's society had no heart for any new wickedness, I committed no fresh crime, but made the money I had pro-cured at Maidstone answer all my pur-poses. During the period of my intimacy with the Lees I had told Ellen the story of my life, requesting her, however, not to divulge anything connected with my history to her mother. Ellen cried bitterly at the recital of my sufferings and my sins, and implored me to let the past be the past, and commence life anew. I often had a desire to do this; but then that past had a power over me for ever. Neither re- pentance nor amendment could give im- munity for deeds committed. However while m money lasted, I did no vio- lation to my feelings. I felt how much happier one could be following good than pursuing evil, and I refrained from obtain- ing money, and money in any way." But when I had only a pound or two left in my pocket, I was urged by the devil within me to renew my warfare upon the world. I bade Ellen and her mother good- bye then, telling them that I hoped in a few weeks to have the pleasure of being with them again. I did see them more than once afterwards; but the story, as it ad- vances, will relate where. I left Chatham with four pounds only remaining to begin business anew. The particular line of business I had not determined. I had some trinkets which I had stolen at the Maidstone Hotel by me still, and these I converted into cash. I went to Herne Bay, and on the second night of my arrival I "danced" the hotel where I was stopping to the tune of twenty-five pounds, a small amount, but sufficient to keep me in cash for the time being. It was a while staying at Herne Bay that I met, an advertisement in the London Times which had been inserted by my father. It merely stated that nothing had been heard of me since I went to sea, and that if I was still in England I was to write or go home immediately, the ad- dress being given. I wrote a letter to my mother, telling her I could not come home —that I had been a bad boy, that there was no home for me in the future; that I should like to have a letter from her, which she could direct to my own name at the post office, Herne Bay. My mother accordingly wrote me a long eloquent letter; she seemed as I read the letter, to be speaking to me again as she used to speak to me when I walked by my side when I was a child. But it was useless. The Federal Bill is being enthusiastically supported in most country towns in Victoria. The old deep earnest eloquence was there, but alas! the heart to which it was ad- dressed was changed forever. My mother implored me to return home; she told me they could send me to school again for a couple of years, as they were in business and doing well; and she felt quite sure, she said, that I could have done nothing very bad, only some boyish wildness which my own feelings exaggerated. In reply to this communication I wrote a more explicit letter, and sent my mother some verses. The letter, which was a very long one, I cannot remember. The verses have clung to my memory, so I give them:— Mother darling mother, you are seeking me I know, And I feel thy love will follow through the world where'er I go; But I cannot come, dear mother; I am sadly altered now; The once fair wreath of innocence that gar- landed my brow Has faded ne'er to bloom again; and from the things of yore— The fair, the good, the beautiful—I'm severed evermore. My onward way must be a path of darkness and of pain. But I must tread it all alone—I cannot come again. Of all the changes that have come, I know that this will be, Where all the changes have been sad, the saddest change to thee. I know how much thou'lt weep, mother, for thy dear boy so lost, And 'tis the sorrow thou must feel that makes me sorrow most. I strove against this darker fate, I struggled, mother long. I starved and suffered months, mother ere I was linked to wrong; And even now good angels plead to win me —but in vain! Once fallen is for ever lost—I cannot come again. I'm severed from thee by my sin, but cannot say "forget." Thy love is such a hallowed thing, I ask it even yet; But let it be a memory that images all fair The child that with uplifted hands in faith knelt by thy chair. Think of me, mother, I was when joy lit up my brow And my young heart was innocent, but not as I am now. Pray for me. This I know thou'lt do; but seek me not, 'tis vain! I'd throw a shadow on thy home—I cannot come again. They say that in the desert drearsome green- ness may be found, Some oasis in contrast strange to all the waste around, And even thus, within my heart, guilt-dark- ened though it be, There is a love all beautiful, that lives and clings to thee. I'm weeping very bitterly, I cannot help these tears, They are the tribute memory pays to joys of fleeted years. Goodbye! God bless thee, mother dear! I sorrow for thy pain. Oh! if I were but innocent, I'd gladly come again. I distinctly stated in the letter that it would be utterly useless again writing to me as was on the eve of setting out for a distant part of the country. This was quite true, for the next morning I left Herne Bay, and went again to Maidstone. I went with a sad heart, thinking of all the grief my mother would suffer on my account. She had been such a good mother to me; and I seemed to see her looking down upon me with her full lustrous eyes, and fondly kissing me and pointing to all the beauti- ful things so largely scattered by the hand of God through all the universe—just as she used to do in the olden days when I was her darling boy, in whose future all her hopes and dreams were centred. And what a future that has been! Better, mother, to have seen me laid when I was innocent in some quiet churchyard, where in summer evenings you could have visited the little grave that held my body with full assurance that my spirit had winged its flight to Heaven! What sorrow, wretchedness, and suffer- ing have fallen to my lot my own heart knows only. My outward misery has been great; but there has sometimes been an inward torture still more dreadful to en- dure. Thou art in Heaven, my mother! and by the increased light of thy angel knowledge thou can'st read this heart of mine as mortals read it not. Thou wilt know then, that I have struggled against the evil prompting of my nature; that I have sorrowed much for the grief that I have occasioned thee; that at this mo- ment the good voice is pleading within me and the good angel sits watching near my heart. Mother if spirits above can strengthen the struggling spirits on earth, strengthen thou me, so that the voice speak not in vain, and the vigil of the angel be not lost. But alas! what hope of being good have I? It is likely that years and years ago, in that journey to Maidstone, I felt a transient repentance, a momentary yearning for the good; that I wept, that I prayed; and that soon afterwards I re- signed myself to wickedness, and was, without compunction, seeking "money, and money in any way." Alas for the in- consistency of human nature! alas for the wretched weakness of good inten- tions! alas for the worthlessness of holy desires disassociated from the persistent energy which ever labours for their fruition. (To be continued.) St. Bernard Dogs.—St. Bernard dogs are essentially "good" dogs. Indeed many of them never commit the most venial sin. Their saint like natures may, however, be easily spoiled. A St. Bernard will not stand being put on a chain. Give him his liberty, trust him, make a friend of him, and he will rival in his gentleness the very monks that reared his race; chain him up, and he will become a perfect Cerberus. A certain fine St. Bernard was celebrated for his charming manners and was beloved by both rich and poor. During the absence of his master, he was for some time chained in the yard. At last his master sent for him, with orders that he was to travel in the guards van. The dog was moody and sullen during the early part of the journey; but, when the guard began to put on the brake, the brute flew savagely at him and, if his chain had been a few inches longer, would undoubtedly have worried him. The poor beast's temper had gone forever, and he had to be destroyed shortly afterward. Young St. Bernards thrive best when reared in a house, or when allowed to come into one several times during the day. They go on growing until they are two years old, and sometimes after- ward. Unfortunately they are not long- lived dogs, and, if they become ill, they often die very suddenly. A Convenient Form of Dress.—Japan- ese girls dress in consonance with the dress- reform movement. First of all no corset is worn. The long silk sash supplies the place of steel and whalebone. This sash is wrapped round and round the waist loosely, and the ends hang down behind. There is no large elaborate bow pinned against the back like those men seen in the representation of the "Mikado" on the stage. Some of ultra- fashionable girls however, have adopted a method of making their waists look smaller, according to the European modes, but no corsets are used—simply a belt buckled around the waist. The ladies are fond of picking the strings of a banjo and are op to the times in a fashion which has been greatly in vogue among American girls. Japanese girls attire themselves in pretty much the same underwear as American women, but their stockings are built more on the order of a mitten for the hand, there being a separate receptacle for the big toe. A very curious fact the reporter gleaned from the interpreter was this: The Japan- ese think that all Europeans hare very bad types of faces. Sir John Holker one day was leaving the House of Commons when he was addressed by two strange ladies, who asked him to show them the house. He politely led the way, duly pointing out the objects of interest. At the end one of the ladies handed to their con- ductor a sixpence, which the Queen's Attor- ney-General took, with a low bow, and after- wards hung upon his watch chain, declaring that it was the only sixpence which he could safely say he had earned. Almost any one can advise a way out of other's difficulties, but it is not every fool that con step into another's shoes and prove the theory. From 992,484 acres under wheat in N.S.W., 10,548,288 bushels were obtained, on a average of 10.63 bushels per acre. 