uocior spencer's threat Crime. I was sitting in my office, half dosing over an interminable artiole on nntrition in tho .last medical review. The fire in tho grate ;wr.e low, the night was stormy, and the dock iwoa juat on tho stroke of eleven. I l was about to turn oS the gua and retire, for, being a bachelor, I slept in tho room . conneoted with my office, when there waa a pull at the tell, I started up suddenly, for this was something quite new. . Middlobuiy waa a decorous sort of place, and the people usually managed to be taken sick at eea«onnble hours. Old Mrs. Jerome had been threatening to die for the paBt five years, and every time I visited her ehe solemnly informed mo that when the de cisive moment did como ahe desired me •present, f!ut ca nothing oiled the old lady : beyond now and thon an indigestion, from too high living, I had never jotbeen called : upon to bo present at her aouth. Now, I thought,it must be that old Mid. Jerome is ■ going. , 1 tool; up my night lamp and went to the door. A gust of strong, damp sleet wind pearly ertinguished tho light, but, shading it with my hand, I discorr.ed the l'aoe of a woman. ^“Oome in,’’ I said, holding open the She declined with a gesture of im patience. " You muot como out, and be quick about it,” ehe said, in sharp, decisive voice. 1 put on my overcoat without demure, looked tho surgery door, and stepped into the storm. Ab I did bo the woman laid a firm nsnd ou my arm, and putting her face close to mine, said : ! “Dooior Lookwood, oan you keep a seor6t ?” " I think so, madam.” “ Swear it." " Is this secret of yonra of a professional aharaoteri That is, is it anything you wish to confide in me nB a medical man 1” ‘‘ It is.” " Very well, thon, I swear it.” “ That is right.” A man rospecta an oath, though why he bIiouH is a mystery, einoo men’s mouths are cunning over with them. " Whither are yon t iking me, and for what purpose f” “To the Clifton House to see the mistress,’ waa the raply. I 'started. Clifton House waa the old mansion recently taken by Doctor Spencer, a etrangor to every one in Mlddlebury. Spenoer was a tall, dark, rather dietingnished looking person, who had hung out hia sign in the village only a fjw doors above' mico, but as yet he had no practise, Ho was unsooisble in the extreme, avoiding his neighbors persistently, and when he did speak it waa in so curt, half savage a way that no one waa likely to prolong the convention. Tho doctor had a wife, it was said, but no one had ever seen her. She vraB an invalid, and Mies Melrose, a friend of tho family, prodded over the house, and sat at tho head of tbs table, Miss Melrose wr.s very beauti ful, and won tho admiration of all who visited Clifton Hodeb by her ease of manner and fascinating conversation. “As we walk along, let me explain to yon just what is necessary for you to know. My mistress ia very ill," said my oompsnion. "1 beg yonr pardon—ib it Mrs, Spencer or Mice Melrose?” 5hn laughed bitterly. " Mi»s Mtlrcso 1 I would atab her to the heart sooner than own her for a mistress. My miatteaa is a ludy—noble, royal cud of gentle birth. It is an honor to serve And is she ill? How long ainoe?" “Ever since she married him—curse him I" Bha muttered, in a fiercer tone. “ But I must not get excited, I must tell my story, or rather here. Two years ago, through the .delire of her dying father, Alice Harden be came James Spencer’s wife. Before that ehe ;wss a healthy, blooming girl; immediately aftsr their marriage ehe bogan to fail. Do yea see anything strange in that?” , "Hot necessarily.” rLet me enlighten yon farther. Doctor Spencer was nt one time engaged to Miss Lucille Melroee. but he broke the engage ment, aud married my mistress instead. Miss Melrose was as poor an Job’s turkey. Mias Hendon wae an heirese, and Doctor Spsncrr was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his creditors. Do you tec anything Btrango in that?” " Perhaps eo. Goon.” “ Yr'hcn my mistreFS married Spencer she was only seventeen, and had been taught to obey her father in everything. She waa a gentle, affectionate ohild, and it would have been easy for Spencer to bave won her love. But he did.not csro for that. It paid his debts and bought him fcBt horses ; it eet his table with nice nnd nnstiy dishes, and put it in hia power to keep JHsa Melrose robed like a queen. And all this time my mistress has been Blowly but snrdy sinking, and look you, Doctor Lookwood, I think ehe is not dying of disease, but of”—aho lowered bor voice to a whieper aa aha epoko the word ‘'poison 1” " Impossible 1 This is a grave charge.’’ “ 0( poieon given her by her husband, who, nt her death will have the sole control of her property and be free to marry Miss MelroBe. There is no time to explain the details of the thousand and one oiroumstsnee which has led me to believe it, for we are almost at tho doer. It is never the case tbatMiea Mrlrote and Spencer are out the house at the BRmo lime, or I Hhnnld have called a physician be fore; but to-night they are both called awry hv the death of Mi-’.s Melrose’s sister, and will not be bask until to-morrow. With the oonrsnt of my miBtress I came for you, and oh, Debtor Lookwood, I pray you save her. I nureed her when horraothor died and left her a hc-lplesa infant; ail through her innocent youth she was like an own child to mo ; and now topee her fading hourly before my eyes I Greet Heaven 1 If I knew beyond a doubt that he was guilty, hia life should pay the I was already beginning to feel a deep lctirest in Mre. Spenoer, although I had never seen her, end like her own nurse I was bpcinuiug to feel a deep animosity for Doctor Spenoer. Mrs. Spencer received me in her bed chamber. It wae on the second floor, and was furnished with exquisite elegance. Everything in tho room bespoke tho refined taste of the occupsut. The warm air waa frBgrant with the odor of heliotrope, and glanoing around I saw tho purple blossome and green leavea'in an alabaster vase on the edge of the.south window. She was a woman who, onoe aeon, oonld never bo forgotten, I have met in my life ninny a beautiful woman, but never one eo lovely. She waa tall and Btraigbt, with a purely oval face, liquid brown eyes, and a dash of heotio in her cheek which is not eeon in health. She received me gracefully, as I know she did every one, and though there waa a slight embarrassment in her manner when 1 spoke of her illness, she answered my professional inquiries without heBita As fer myself, I laid aside all false delioacy and questioned her plainly as to her eymp toms. Mrs. Hurd, the nurse, remained in the mom, and added many important items of information. When Bhe apoke of her husband it waa with a port of hopeless sadness whioh distressed me greatly. Not » breath of suspicion against him was in her nrawers to my qtiea •.:t>ca, and I felt sure that at preaem ahe enow nothing of eucli ecrions apprelien I wo3 glad it waa eo, for, with her fi s’rur.g organisation it might have proi arr;oc.< results,.. p made my exuminati the p wient as closely aa I could, and conclusions. I could have a a. JUrs. Spenoer daily swallowed ar m email qu8ntitieo, and the deadly dint ■ah1’ 0n.*ler constitution. , ,® ®a'd, answering my questions, .i; Pbysioian exoept her huafc lie. thought himself better acquainted her ease, and therefore better qualified to ner. lie never left medioino for her to t he always brought it from hie ciliae administered it promptly. ihqre wsb little I could do in euch a i Anxious to do 6verytning, rue very on stances of the Affair left me nearly powei A charge of bucp nature, of course, I i not:.™a^6 against Doctor Spenoer withou proof.- , If I hinted a auapioion ever would'set it down to my professional judice; and if I could not atibatau my statement the doctor oould make roe Jearly for enoh a slander uttered agi The only dependence seemed to be in Jlra. Hurd. To her p unbosomed myself freely. I tori her without reserve that I thought Dr. Speneer,was killing hie wife by slow poison, and'-1 besought her to constantly watch to save the victim, and disoover some proof by which we can fasten the guilt on her hus band, Ihe Itnilti grimly andpiomitsd obsdienee, ' and I gave hot a powerful antidote lor tns poison 1 suspected, and went home perturbed and anziouu in mind. I did not sloop tbiu i night, and all the next day I was in a high fever of excitement. A ring at the boll made me tremble—a etep on the gravel out ! tide my ofliee stopped m7 breath, and I I hardly knew what I expected to hoar. I | fdt sure that I should hear something before And’ now I must tell the story as it was told to me. Doctor Spencer returned home the morning after my visit to the Clifton House. He looked wretchedly, tho nuree said ; appeared gioomy and depressed. Miee Melrose oame with him, and looked decorously sad over the death of her BiBtcr. Women of her stamp al.vaya do mourn to perfection. They i neither overdo or underdo the thing, as women I of feeling arc likely to do. I Doctor Spencer oame at once to bis wife's ohamber. Ho thought that ehe looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, Baying ha would bd and fetch it. “ l'ou ore always ordering cordials for her," eaid .Mrs. Hurd, musingly. 11 Why not take something youreelf? You look like a ghost!” Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but replied composedly : •* 1 think I will take some of the cordial myself, lor i do not feel quite well. Alice dear, shall 1 bring it here and drink your health /’’ _ , Mrs. Spencer smiled sadly in assent—she never disputed her hurband—and he went out. Presently he returned with two glasseB. Both contained liquor colorlces and odorlcos. Mra. Hurd waa watching him with her heart in her throat, for ehe told me that ehe felt the decisive moment had oomo. There was something in tho grey pallor of the doctor'B rigid lace that told her of a desper ate purpose in the man’s soul. He lilted the j glass to tho right of the tray and gave it to hiB wife. “ Drink it, dear,” he said. “It’s a panacea for ail evils. I am also going to take a glass of it,” and he pointed to tho glass still on the tray. Mrs. Spencer accepted, and was putting it to her lips when Mrs. Hurd interrupted. 11 If you will bring her a tumbler of water, doctor. Mrs. Spencer eomplainB that the cordial leaves a bad tnstejin her month, and my old bones ate so full of rheumatism that it nearly kills me to go down etairB." The doctor turned and bent on her a look as though he meant to road her through. But she kept her faee passive. If he had any suspicions her manner quieted them, and putting down the glass he left the room. Then Mrs. Hurd changed the position of the glosr.es. When he came back—and he was gone but a moment—tho r.urso stood exaotly whore he had left her, and Mrs. Spencer was lying baok in her ohair with her eyes olosed. Again he lifted the glass—this time it was tho one intended for himself—and placed it at the lips of his wife. She swallowed tho contents, drank a little of the water he brought her, and thanked him in her end, .sweet way. “ Now for my own cordial,” he said, with offeoted gaiety. “ I indulge in something stronger.” As ho spoke he towed oft the mixture. ' " It made me stono cold to my fingers' ends to sea him do it," said Mrs. Hurd, re lating the oircumstanco to me, “ but ae Heaven ie my witness I (tit no conscience. I argued like this : ‘ If it was simply cordial, it would do no harm; it it was poison, his blood wonld be upon his own sinful Ho wont to bed half an hour afterward, complaining of fatigue. In the morning they found him dead. I was called to the fost-mortem examination, ami we discovered in the ttcmach of the deceased a sufficient quantity of a deadly poison known Jo modern science to kill half a dozen men. My brother physicians agreed that tho man waH insane, and had probably taken the dose in one of hiB unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hurd told her story, I had my own theory as to tho cause of iiiB death. There wu« no publio ex posure, however. Mrs. llnrd end I agreed that it vronld profit no one to make tho wretched affair public, and eo wo kept our own counsel. Miss Melrose, in spite of my conviction Ibat she bad an active, part in the conspiracy against Mrs. Spender's life, I could not hr-lp pitying. S-ich a miserable, worn and haggard face as hire I have never i;ecn, and when (hey buried Doctor Spencer she was confined to her leu with brain fever. I attended her in her iiir.ess, but, though sbo recovered in health, she was never herself again. She wbb a harmless manina, whose delimit was in gathering flower a nnd decora ting the doctor’e prove wit-ti them. She is living still, and still gathers (lovers nnd lays them on that grave, singing to herself a low inuantaticn, which no cue over pretends to understand. Not until Mrs. SpeDcer had many days been my wife, nnd the. faithful Mrs, Umd slept under the viuh t-u, did Ahce know the perfidy of her former husband. When I tela her, after the lirst ihock was over, she crept into my arms and wiiis "But if it h.cd not been for .7 imes' crime I Bhottld net have found you, Herbert. So good sometimes oomes out of evil.” Wuat is the reason that all children are geniuses—though they contr.vc so soon to outgrow that dangerous quality—ixcept that they never cross-txaniii-u tuum- elves on the subject! The moment that process begins, their speech loses its gift, of unexpectedness, and they become as tediously impertinent as the rest of os. Practical application ie the only mordant which will set things in the memory. Study, without it, is gymnastics, and not work, which alone will get intellectual bread. No one oan ask honestly or hopefully to be delivered from temptation unless ho has himself honestly and firmly determined to do the best he can to keep out of it. A man will bo behind while he folloWB a loader, and will comprehend the sense of biB own existence only when he goes inde pendent. Nature is uphtld by antagonism. Passions, rc-aistarioe, danger, aie educators. We acquire the strength we have overcome. Treat all men s.nd women considerately and you ■will be eurpiised at the dividends that come to you daily ar.d yearly. It is a wise rule to take the world ae we find it, not alwaje to leave it bc "I am in terror," eighed poor Mrs. Goodmothor, “ every timo I bear the bell ring, I know I’ll hear something dreadful about Jack. I’m sure he's been into some awful mischief.” “ What makes you think bo ?’’ asked her husband. 11 Oh. he came directly home from sohool this afternoon, Bat down and studied his lesson for to-morrow for nearly two hours, and has been as good as an angel ever since. Dear, dear, what has that boy been up to, I woo'd like to know.” Customer—111 tell yon I don't want the ooai. It's laded and the color don’t suit Isaacs—“It’s vaded and der oolor don’t Bnit you. Veil take it for soven nnd a hall if.” Customer—“Besides, its half worn ont already.” Isaacs—“ So much der hotter, mi shild. . If der goat don’t suit yer id von’t dake you •a long to vesr it out. Hast du eesehen 7”— A fellow who was pitohed into a gutter, where garbage was thrown, describes it bb an “ offal ” fall. A class eye has one compensation—every body else can eee through the device if the wearer can’t. Sins. Jones i “ Don’t trouble to see me to the door; MrB. Smith.” Mre. Smith: "No trouble; quite a pleasure, I assure you.” “Well, I am glad that Rosalie’s tastes are literary, and she ie going to marry a man of letters.” “ Yes, she is going to wed a Bign painter." WnEN it is a man who ie about to bs told .a esorot, he shuts the door. AFben it is a woman, ehe opens it to make eure there is no one listening outside. Elder sister: “Oh, you faney yourself very wise, I daresay ; but I could give you a wrinkle or two." Younger sister: "No doubt—and never mice them.” The eneezy, wheezy season's here, And skinny men feel blue, While nearly everyone we meet ’Has an awful cold—atchoo 1 Landlord : “ MrB. Finnegan, I may as well tell you now that I have decided to raws your tent.” Mrs, Finnegan : “ Faith, sor, Pm very much obliged to yet, I wii wonderin' M bon l iwuld (tin it ./ 