Mrs Grey and Barbara sat in their smnall drawing-room in a quiet London square. A clock ticked placidly on the mantel-piece. It had been a wedding present from Mrs Grey's grandmother, and the Dresden china shepherdesses that stood in attitudes on either side of the dial had stared unwinkingly for twenty years at Mrs Grey, through her young matronhood and her long widow hood. They had watched Barbara, first a round blue-eyed baby, pointing with fat finger and infantile chuckle at the 'pooty ladies,' next a lanky child puzzling over lessons, now a tall, oval faced maiden with serious eyes looking *out into a circumscribed world, divided into monotonous hours by the same un sleeping guardians. Nothing had happened during those twenty years except Death the inevi table, and "'ime had closed that wound with his healing finger. Barbara read. aloud her mother's favourite books-lives of holy men and women, modern prosy travels, occasion ally a novel ' highly recommended' by ,someone whose tastes in such matters was unimpeachable. Once Barbara had taken the advice of the young man at the Library, and had brought home a modern work of fiction under the impression (from the' title) that it was of a distinctly religious *character. Mother and daughter were more bewildered than shocked ; at last Mrs Grey said, with gentle severity, "that it was not ' very nice,' and the volume was returned unfinished. To.day Barbara was working at a small pinafore for a Guild to which she had bound herself to furnish three such garments every six months, She had been wrtting, and an open letter lay half finished on the tiny Chippendale writing table. There were some hours *before pust and no occasion to hurry. Letters to a certain friend of hers were apt to be left urfinished, then hastily ended with ' no more time, as post is going.' When one writes very •often to the same person, it is difficult to fill four sides of a sheet of notepaper. Mrs Grey was knitting an elaborate pattern and counting aloud, otherwise there was no sound save the ticking of the clock. Suddenly the door opened, and a ser -vant announced : ' Mrs Buchanan.' The visitors' dress rustled, her boots -creaked, she kissed Mrs Grey and Bar bara with a smack that might have been heard in the next room. ' How are you, dears ? I am so glad to find you at home, Arabella. I am -only up for the day-dentist, lawyer, new bonnet-I have done all three and .am fagged to death. How peaceful you both'? o0 I And Barbara is prettier .than ever.' 'I am sure you want a cup of tea. Ring darling child,' said Mrs Grey, very soothingly, as one would .speak to a restive horse. She disapproved of per sonal remarks, and feared Barbara m;ght become vain." ' No food for me, thank you, Arabella, I have just had some chocolate at an .A B C. I only want a quiet chat. My garden is looking charming. I have had the house full forsomeweeks. Now I am alone ; and you know I can not abide being alone-it gives me the -creeps at once. Old ghosts and for .gotten faces haunt me. Dear, dear, Arabella, how pleasant life was twenty years ago I and ho'w happy we were I And now we are both left widows I I am quite alone, but you have a chick to cheer you." Mrs Buchanan sighed loudly, the corners of her mouth -drooped for an instant then her face brightened again. 'By the way, Ara bella, you might as well lend nme Barbara for a night. It is a lovely .afternoon, and I am going straight home. Run and pack up, child ; you need take nothing but a tea-gown.' ' But my dear Sophy- ' began Mrs 'Grey, feebly. SI have not finished my work or my letter,' said Barbara, looking at the writing.table, with its open sheet of re proachful whiteness. 'Bring them with you. Now, Ara bella, I have stt my heart on this. I .am quite alone, and it would be a real charity, I will send Timmins up with Barbara to-morrow afternoon. My tulips and daffodils are worth seeing. Come, get your hat and pack up your bag.' Barbara's hesitations were overcome and with a little assistance she gathered .a few things together. Mrs Buchanan tied her bonnet strings and prepared to depart. At the door Barbara turned back. 'Oh mother, my letter. Do finish it for me and say where I am going.' ' Is it to General Tayleur ?' asked Mrs Buchanan, impatiently. 'If so, it will do him good to go without one of his daily meals. I suppose you write every day, Barbara ? N aw, come along.' They were downstairs, they were in the cab, and had arrived at Waterloo Station, before Barbara realized' that she was off. She was afraid of having forgotten most of her things; but a vague, though satisfactory feeling of doing something a little unusual stole ever her and quite outweighed the fear. MIrs Buchanan talked unceasingly all the way, dropped her open purse, con taining twenty-six loose coins, in the train, lost her ticket in a bewildering glove-pocket; from whence it had to be disentangled by Barbara and the ticket collector, and otherwise caused much veiled;amnusement to her fellow-pas sengers. * SFinally, the two travellers and the girl's modest luggage were deposited safely in an old brougham, drawn by equally old horses, that started at a slow jog-trot on their six-mile drive. Barbara's blue eyes rested on the hedgerows covered with their first leafy veil, on the slender green birch trees among dark firs, on the cherry orchards and their snowy burdens. It was a different world to smoky, black London. Even the spring bravery of the parks looked dingy and tainished by the side of this pure love liness 'Behold, I create . . . a new earth,' came into Barbara's ' mind. '- so they poisoned all the cats,' was evidently the end of a long recital from Mrs Buchanan of which Barbara, with a start realised that she had heard nothing. At last they had passed the various houses and places belonging to country notabilities, with a running commentary of biography to each ; and the village of Walwyn was in sight. There was the square, high-shouldered church, the blacksmith's forge burning luridly red, a group of children playing on the green under a huge oak. One little child ran almost under the horses feet, and was lectured shrilly by Mrs. Buchanan from the window, long alter it was out of ear shot. Then the carriage turned in at a white gate and round with a sweep to the front door, which stood hospitably open. The western sun shone brightly on pale wistaria clusters that hung from long branch-arms nailed against the house. 'Run into the drawing-room, child, and have some tea while I see Timmins. I must tell her to prepare for an unex pectcd visitor.' Barbara pushed open a door on the left side of the hall. The sun shone in her eyes and dazzled her. Tea stood ready on a low table by the fire, for, in spite of April sun, winter had left a keen feeling in the air. S\Well, Aunt Sophy, I know you like unexpected vis-' The brisk young voice ended abruptly. The owner of this voice stood tall and erect. This girl, shading her blue eyes from the sun with her slender fingers, was not in the least like Aunt Syphy. 'I beg your pardon, a young man who stood by the fireplace, began for mnally. ' I expected my aunt, Mrs. Buchanan, by this train. I am on a driving tour, and happening to pass Malwyn, I-I thought I would look her up,' he concluded rather lamely. For once his readiness oi speech seemed to have deserted him. a'.lrs Buchanan has come by this train; she brought me with her. I am also here by chance. Mrs. Buchanan and my mother are very old friends, and she packed me up and carried me off from London because she could not bear to be alone. SI have been here halt an hour; so it is my duty to play host. Do sit down and make tea. I am longing for a cup myself, but the dragon who guards the refreshment department refused to bring in the teapot till her mistress re turned. Until now I have only had a Barmecide's feast of cups and saucers.' Barbara glanced shyly at the stranger but she was accustomed to obey, and she sat down accordingly. There was a good deal of decision about the young man. Where are you, Barbara ? Have you had some tea ? Is there a good fire ? God bless my soul I who's this ?' An unexpected picture met Mrs. Buchanan's astonished eyes. Barbara sat by the tea-table, her pretty profile defined against the west window ; a tall young man lounged in an easy chair by the fire, tea cup in hand. It was domestic bliss personi fled. Charles I' 'Oh, there you are, Aunt Sophy I I had quite given you up. How do you do? I am so glad to see you.' The young man was evidently bent on playing host. 'Come and have some tea. Are you very tired after your day in London ? I am glad to see you again.' ' Charles I Where have you come from ? You bad, good-for-nothing boy I I thought you were safe in Ireland.' 'Regiment moved to \Vinchester. Leave. Running away from my credi tors. 'rook you on the way-you are always glad to see me, you know. Sit down and have some tea. Do make yourself at home, Aunt Solhy.' 'You are worse even than you were, Charles. Barbara, Miss Grey, my dear I am compelled to own that this is my nephew, Captain Sir Charles Adcane. Well, since you are here, we must make the best of it. I well tell Sarah to see about a room for you. Of course, you stay the night?' ' Of course ; and I have already per suaded Sarah, if that is the dragon's name, to get my room ready. I had Mrs. Timmins in to vouch for my respectability, and when she kissed me, Sarah yielded. At first she thought I was a burglar.' Barbara came down to dinner, an old-fashioned figure in a soft blue gown draped with point lace, that might have stepped out of one of the frames in the dining-room. Sir Charles did most of the talking, Mrs. Buchanan laughed boisterously; and Barbara was in a new world. She was used to grave voices and quiet smiles. In spite of her bewilderment, Sir Charles quick sight noted with :ecret satisfaction the flashes of amusement that brightened her soft eyes, and the .rxquisite flush that deepened on her rounded cheek. '\Vhen she reached her lavender scented room, and looked from her small high window over themoon-lit garden, the horizon seemed to have widened to an infinite distance, the world had grown younger with the spring. So Eve may have felt when she had eaten the fatal fruit. Net morning Barbara stood on the terrace in the sunshine before breakfast Beds of stiff tulips stared solemnly at the sun ; trom the trees in the park came the monotonous note of the cuckoo. A voice behind her made her start SGood morning Miss Grey. Hope you slept well. No ghosts I That's right. Aunt Sophy won't be down for an hour.'. I heard her singing in her bath as I passed ner door. She always sings in her bath. Come for a turn round the garden. Do you live in London ?' 'Yes, most of the year. Oh, look I' 'What is it? Only acherry tree II thought it was a snake, at least.' SBut, Sir Charles, look up at the blue sky through the branches. Eachtwigis laden with delicate white flowers, and the bees are humming round the bios somrs. I think it is the loveliest sight in the world.' Sir Charles looked more at the speaker than at the cherry tree. Even in the morning sunlight Barbara's com plexion was faultless. She wore a trimly fitting blue gown ; the sun struck golden lights from her golden hair, an audacious zephyr ruffled gently the little curls on her forehead. ' Tell me about yourself,' he said 'bruptly. ' Have you many friends in London ? Do you go out much ?' 'Not very much, We see a good deal of the Tayleurs. Oh, I hope mother finished my letter I' W' hat letter ?' ' To Ge~heral Tayleur.' W' as it very important ?' ' Oh, no, not at all; it would do just as well if mother finished it. I am engaged to him, you know-at least I am to think about it for six months.' Sir Charles whistled gently. This girl, this " child,' engaged to be married to a general, and speaking as if it were a matter of no importance whether she or her mother wrote to him ; What a pity I what a thousand pities I ' Tell me about your general. No, don't ; let us forget him. I am going to occupy your thoughts to-day. What shall we do ? Would you like a drive in my curricle, or row on the river ? Let us imagine for a few hours that you are absolutely free.' ' You forget that I am going back to London to-day.' ' And that you are bound to General Tayleur. I beg your pardon, we agreed not to mention his name. I shall escort you back to London. \Ve will go off in a chaise and pair, and Aunt Sophy shall throw slippers after us. For, to. day you belong to me. Do you mind ? At breakfast Sir Charles inquired carelessly by what train Miss Grey was returning to London. as he was due there in the afternoon, and would be happy to escort her. ' By the 3.35,' said his aunt, unsus piciously. ' That is a good thing, Charles. I should have to send Timmins, and she is in a bad temper because the damp has got into the jam cupboard. All the strawberry jam has turned into blue mould, so I positively trembled at having to ask her to go to London.' ' I will look after Miss Grey, Aunt Sophy. Leave Mrs. Timmins so cry over the damp jam; it would he a pity to take her away from such a pleasant occupation.' iMrs. Buchanan wrote letters in dustriously all the morning, and two young peoplerambled through thefields. picking cowslips an lady's-smocks and listening to the nightingale. Sir Charles persisted in planning the details of their somewhat prosaic journey to London as if it had been an elopement of olden days with Gretna Green as the goal. He looked at Barbara with a strange mixture of pathos and mockery in his handsome brown eyes. Barbara had never been so looked at before. In the rush of new-born feelings that over whelmed her she really forgot General Tayleur. As the hour fixed for their departure came near Sir Charles paced restlessly in the hall, and at last called ' Miss Grey I' in an impatient key. Barbara came running down the stairs hat in hand. 'I thought you were never coming,' he said imperiously. ' I am not used to be kept waiting. Mind, I don't allow it. Where is Sarah ? and has she brought your box down? WVhy, what the --.- I He is driving away I' 'There is a carriage coming to the door, I think,' said Barbara, who was peeping through a side window, and some one is getting out.' A short, stout, red-faced man, with grey hair,' went on Sir Charles, looking over her shoulder : ' whom canhe be?' 'Oh, Sir Charles, it is General Tay. leur I He has come down to take me home I' Barbara's voice reached its highest poitt of quivering dismay. ' The devil I I beg your pardon, Miss Grey ... . . I am not going to be beaten by that old man. Run for yur life 1' Sir Charles opened a side door hastily as he spoke, Brbara following instinc tively. Now to turr the general's flank,' he whispered in a low but exultant voice. ' What a muster of strategy is lost in me I Now for it-through the stable yard, quick, quick I' The brougham was reached safely; luckily for the strategist, Barbara's box was already in position. Sir Charles shouted instructions to the coachman, and in a moment they were off. ' WVe have really eloped,' he said cheerfully, ' and under the very nose of my rival.' 'But Generel Tayliur will be so angry,' said Barbara when it was too late to turn back. Sir Charles chuckled like aschoolboy. ' Aunt Sophy will tackle himn; she likes unexpected visitors ;and you know you are really going to scoll me for carryingyou off in this gay manner. Nordid she ever scold him; and it was her mother who both began and ended the letter which explainded to the GLeneral the time of hIis probation was over, and that Barbara preferred to marry the captain.-- Chapman's Afaya \- -ine. 