" My Little Outing." (By J. F. Ferguson.) A commercial traveller, or a reve rend K.C.B. (which my tic letters tneali a "knight of the carpet-bag "), night not deemj a journey of four hundred miles a nutter worth think ing about. 6ut to a city minister who loves his own fireside, and who rarely finds leisure in which to get beyond the confines of the metropoli tan area, such an undertaking has the aspect of serious business. Yes, and has every quality thereof when, after a night-ride of twelve hours, lie is left in solitary iioniinportance at a way side station ih the keen air of an altitude of 3490 feet above sea level, as I Was. at. a quarter to six on the morning of June 10. " He scattereth hoarfrost like ashes." And Walcha Road was in goodly favour. It was certainly a grand inrirning for aslies, only these were ashes of ice ! They crisply Crackled under one's every step, and their crystals, faintly glitter ing in the dnwuing light, lay thick on platform and sheds and fences ; on trees and bushes and grass ; on the dingy Concli, also, in which, by a mar vel of ingenuity, inspired by the des perate inond of cold-stricken muscles, I successfully deposited my body. Oh, the joy of finding that fully one quar ter of an inch separated the roof from the crown of my lint. ! Had the space been less, it might have fared badly with the roof. Fourteen miles to Walcha lbunsr, and four hundred feet or further altitude ! The miles seemed long, and there was no mistake about the altitude ; it was all there, the keen wind being witness. Of a frugal mind, and not sleepy, I resolved to make the most of precious time and study the country. Delicious study ! there was so much of it, and so little in it ! I made strict inventory of my observations — one. house, two horses, three cattle, and hundreds of square miles of gum-trres. The outlook be gan to be monotonous. However, , time was on my side, which soothing reflection- always serves one best in the past tense. The frosty air, once accepted in all loyalty to the inevit able, exhilarated me, and the delight ful feeling was fostered by the fine speed of the splendid horses and the manifest skill of the admirable driver. " There's Walcha ! " It needed to J>n pointed out, or, rather, to be gathered together — for it looked a bit scattered as it lay in n broad bend of the Apsley Valley, lifting its morning sacrifice, with scent of savoury break fast, in the wreaths of smoke, to the rising suh. On every hand grey hills and gum-trees. In the city we com plain of want of space, the normal puzzle there being how to turn a buck yard of 22 x 13 into a vegetable gar den, a drying green, a rose border, a coal shed, a fowl yard, and a bush- house. The happy denizens of Walcha have no reason to complain of lack of ample and airy environment. Nor do they. The coach took me out to the manse, n mile and a half beyond the township. The ltev. J. T. Thorburn and Mis. Thorburn and their bonny wee lassie gave me the heartiest of welcomes. I was at home in the twinkling of an eye. The minister of Walcha is a man of sense, lie works his glebe and makes it yield abundantly. He raises maize, wheat, potatoes, nil kinds of kitchen stufl; ami such pumpkins ! — two weigh ing 165 lbs. On every hand one could see. good land, capable of growing almost any produce, but, alas .' the farms are few and far between. The only break (barring two or three ex cellent and well-tilled properties) in the monotony of virgin gum is in selections where the trees have been ring barked for their death, that the grass might better grow to feed the sheep whose wool must pay the rent and buy the selectors' bread and tobacco. Those ghosts of the dead forest — ghosts to the look, not to the feel- -spectral trees, gaunt and leafless — sometimes nnked, sometimes clad in the shrrds and tatters of anciont bark an army of hideous forms, standing there as a witness against their doom ! When shall fire and storm (or, rather, the axe and art of man) sweep the whole away? When shall tillnge— the tillage of brain and heart, as well ng of hand — the tillage of skill and ex perience, the tilliuge of hope and prayer and cflect — come to these, lands . and turn (heir possibilities into bread for the million and wealth for nation 1 Walcha parish is no smaller than it ought to be. Its area is swept by a radius of thirty miles. The minister is a lijiitt of the saddle — has to be ! — and he complains not, but diligently visits the selectors and works his out- stations. The church, which holds not mora than 300 people, is a beautiful structure, being, I think, about the best in the town. Its original cost was over £3,000. The situation could not be better. The site is ample — about one acre and a half. A little beyond the church is the old manse property of five acres. The present manse — a substantially built stone house, which might be greatly im proved at inconsiderabe cost— stands in its glebe of 23 acres — a valuable property. The ecclesiastical history of Walcha runs back over thirty years. At first it was part of the extensive parish of the mucli-estpenied Rev. Dr. Johnstone, of Armidalc. Then came a succession of ministers which in eluded Rev. D. Ross, O. Malcolm, C. | Greig, R. E. Hutchison, and the pre j sent holder of the pastorate. The ; population of the municipality is COO ! souls, and of the whole parish under ! 2000\. The Anglican Church and the : Roman Catholic Church, and the Sal- vation At my, divide the spiii'ual ; burden of the district with the Preshy- i trrian Church. On Monday forenoon the minister and I sallied forth with gun and ammunition for a dander along the banks of the river. The mountain air was a luJtury deeply relished — that is, in "deep, deep draughts," and fre quently acknowledged by one of the party — the one who had not the credit of any success in the shooting line. The other, who carried the proof of his prowess as a sportsman, ventured the question of appetite— a cruel ques tion to raise at a distance froin the manse ; and surely it was a poor kind of triumph to burden the man who had no hare to carry with increasing pang? of hunger ! Do you know what hunger i3 ? Not you, unless you have been out for four hours on New Eng land mountain air. A visit to Rev. Duncan Rnss made a delightful after noon. Mr. Ross was at one time, and that's long, long ago, minister of Muswellbrook ; thereafter he was mini ster of North Sydney ; and later still, in charge of Walcha. He now lives in his own house six utiles out of town a genial, corteous, and venerable servant of Rod, beloved by all. The evening hours sped all too quickly by the bright, Warm fireside of the manse ; and at 10 o'clock the coach with its three white horses, drew up at the gate. The hour had come, and the man had to go (alas! poor man) out of the cosy drawing- room into the kepn, frosty air on to the box seat, where he was enswathed doubly, trebly, in blankets, rugs, and water proof stufl. Oft" homeward now. The dictates of good taste forbid me saying the kinds words I should like to say of the ppne.rous hospitality of the in mates of the manse, and of the gifts and graces of the mistress thereof. Suffice it that no holiday could have more perfectly touched the ideal. Through frost, and fog, and dark ness we drove to Walcha Road. There a kind friend handed me a parcel of game, which lie had shot for mine es pecial benefit-. With this and the morning's booty, I felt that I was really going home from the mountains. Thoroughly satisfied with everything and everybody I welcomed the ap proach of the" Brisbane mail at a quar ter to one ; entered, and made myself comfortable for the night. As we drew nigh to Sydney, within a few minutes of the terminus, the sole com panion of my night journey and I made in a moment the startling dis covery that we were both Presbyter ians. He was a leading member of the English Presbyterian church, deep ly interested in heathen missions, who had just concluded a considerable visit to China and Japan. For nearly 400 miles we. had travelled together and not spoken ten words. Who will say after this that Scottish men are not modest, especially the Presbyterian sample. Thus ended a refreshing country visit. — Abridged from the " Presby terian.!' 