110W TIIIE QUALITY IS DIE "" ~VELOPEI. When .all other opportunities fail for an ling it Mrildurrir the old gag brut watery and inferior, fruit is called ifl to discredit Ithe place. I~ is on record that Mildura fresh fruits have been exhibited at the principal shows) lothl provincial and inter colonial, antn that in every case they have taken first place. If they had been watery, or coarse flavoured, or inferior in ally irespect they would promptly have been classed below their competitors.. But they have repeatedly met the best fruits that could be produced in other districts of Victoria. They have also competed against the rmost carefully selected fruits of. New South Wales alid Quenis, ?llid ant they have unifornlly carried away the highest prizes. Ever, ihle dried fruits frorm Mil dura have been proved to posses. better quality than the biest freh fruit of the sa:ne° kind olulaiinabaia , about Melbourne. This looks lik: a strong 'statement, but it is coreir. At the last Citrus Fair, held in ieI, Melbournie Town hUll in .rily 18!,t;, tie' first prizes for jams 'nd j?ellies went to a sllburban llmanufacturer whlo aldmitted that nearly Iris whole collection was prepared from, dried fruits obtained frrom Mildura. It is plain that if he couild have procured fresh fruit of equal quality he wvould have used it instead, :is it would have beeri both cheaper iaud more easily obtainable. :The simnple faict was that Ile could get nothing locally grown nothing at any rate available?`ib~la ii Melhinurte, to ilIproach in qu<ality rnd appearance the fruity fron the irrigated orchards of illiurt, eVen though the Mildura fruit had been dried, handled freely eand: brought over a !ong andrough journey. It was thoight lthat.this ancientl ghost about irrigated finit hiad been laid;and certainly it has not heen in evideence mvery inuch since fhtildutta products began to find their ,wvay into )colonhia iarkets. Nohll, wIiho, hals any knowledge of the stllhjtor wouol c?itend that peach trees, saricot trees or vines, which received the .cwater just at the time it was reqtuired, swould give inferior fruit it 1consequence, Inles-lie l, hid .lOin piirpo.-e o) serve 11 saying somnething he did not believe. liut it lhas recetily cnoie to n1r knowledge thal t a eli-known Victorian ipolitiiiln. and urni who, by the way, ihs a large say in crntain nauters concerning Mildura, has been esuscitating the Inusty and alhnost orgotten slander. A good 'many of iis constituents grow friit' and he probably wanted to assure theli'i ?h'iL Ihey had nothing to fear from .lil dura's copipeition, iwhliic ciIcum ,tance cann hardly b dlenied, so long as ,Mildura growers arelft witlhou railway facilities. Whlie our growers are enabled to send fresl fruit to thn markets of Austrnlia, there wili be no need to go into arguinrint about its superiority. The frilts will argue for hemselves. In the imeantirime it is worth while :erhuraps to go into tle rationale of tliie Iatter arid to explain why, under i proper system of irrigation, better qiality should be secured in the fruit than can be reasonably looked for in -ases where no irrigation is practised. . few. weeks ago an excellent article on this particular subject was con :ributed to the California Tree and0, Vine, and the following matter contains several extracts from , thait source : The fruit tree is a most ,wonderful laboratory ; a most wonderful manu factory. It takes tie crude materials from the air and soil, combines and Imanipulates thlem in a way so refined and mysterinus that our biethren of the retort and condensur, uf the test tube, tile blowpipe, and the micros sepe, are hafrled in their attempts to iunderstand fully just how it all happens. The results are well known, for they have been the foundation of an industry which hlias brought ius all together herre-results thilt feed mil lions and provide a supplr t for mIil lions more. Tile great mledium by which all these crude maiterials are taken into siolution and transported from tile soil to tile laboratory to all tihe tissues of tie growing fruit is water. This very laboratory and manufactory is created-lie produet of certain conditioni- -and Ili, very s>ole cointitioins are rc(qiir;(i to create t- as to c tiitinloe the process and create the fruit. All these delicate operations require tlhe further aid of .wriirth and sunlight. To adjust all these in uimst nearly per feet hlrinony is to prOlduce the t l ost, Iearly perfect "ruit. Wjilen nature flunisihes tilese ni just tihl rihtil plrop.. l.iI.s all is vell. WVIhn weir i li..lking ifn the ' n l ol l ir rlIfl ru iltir.,e. flril tihe skits or istrly re crruatoiin itlrough te sil. it, mI., bte 'sni.plied artifi cillylV ; il thlihi is rrirgatini . ..'" q of-li. the 'jw ,l or desir alhiliiy of oitilre coi. s hiine to vviery fri.gu ileri in 'thdry disirijts, for in llilli.?: e fvey ti, 11 -i there are n):,y. onIths 4f cloudless skies monthsi of strong s5inier, heat,; miionths whil we are surroninled by an atmos[phere that is greeidy; for mioisture and takes it freely. irrigation depends ,very ' nuilch n" sil and cireiulstlianes. ,In 3oiie loneali ties there is iiusuilly a raiiiifalf lfs7 -i cient tot thoroughly mioisten the surface soil ,.ea.i;l li '.; '' "do4' toi : each year down to a depth, where *periianent' ,ioistiarr exists. *lrough '^i tivatisn keeps the nil in -u:h cditiori halt it draws umtisyallt finmt tthie dleep.hiddeic ;silrres, antd Ihli roots of the trees iii ii perpetuhally moist. i itLtei chi i there is very litt el Iir rri r the de Velultllltt ( :fruit. i lmill m ons et tt aho?ri'ot it roit ai ?n? c iact p l i i o ''i :? lii i?S gr?rtti vigru.l ~ d th fit steadily ovary u this h nln v iiin prfeIt I ea turirp Stores o aSarhy tenitter are elaborated arid hlen tim right mime comes,, the rich, warm sun turns~ theui into %nsugar. \e have theni a peifectlydervelopIed fruit-all we ean -ask for or desire. But soplpose. now. that for some reason thisi cudition of a perpetually moist soil about the roots fails, and there are meiny reasons why it niay fail, then w.- see our beautifully organised workshop hampered in its work, antd in many ways. There is not water enough to pe- fectly dis solve the inaterials in the soil to be carried to the leaves.' Tihe leaves lose their freshness, and with this lose they lose their power to absorb material fromn the air, which is even greater in amount thaln that which comes from the soil. There is a lack nf l the ]dini which serves to conive the elaborated sap fromn the leaves downward to every tisine of the tree and fruit. The result is an unde veloped fruit. Supply this" lacking moisture in any way and we tend to correct the trouble. There are many reasons wiy mnois tlre may tlhnr fail. In some sections the regular rainfall is never ssilicient to moisten more than a few inches of the surface. Again, the strncture of the soil may be of such a kind that the rain is not conducted beneath and stored for; time of need. There mnlay be some special conformation of the strata ' wlich irevents tile steady eirculation of tile water which.lies only: a little ivay below. Any of these conditions may create a need for irrigationr to tdevelop fruit. 