ST. DUSNTAN'S CHURCH. Violet Totrr n. CONiFIRMATION SERVICE. At St. Donstirt's Clhirch, on S?till:.y evoning last, Ills L.ordship the Bishop of Melboturne islministered the rite of col firmiation to 2t; persons. Prior to this se: vice His Lordship delivered an address fromt the words -" Whenl thon saidst seek yo toy face, my heart said thy face will I tc.k."' 1e pointet olut that it was service of the heart that God needed and not omerly service of tlhe lips. lie was pleased to seeo sot liany who lha comel folrward for conllr'ation, and lie hopt tlhey wotuld te cogtise the solemn votws they were abont to make. They had been instroted Iby their minister as ito their duties and no doubt they till wished to live ittler lives. Ie li.edl ttat ht they, like the Plsaltist of hltl, twonl seek God with their whole hoe:ut, and grow up good miot aind women. Only God knew their he'irts. 'To their minister they miglht ap pear all that was tuod[, hIut he kntw ;noth ing of ti: I(tart. The bishop tlten went on to speak of the sin of procrastinations. and pointed out that the Devil was alwna s ready with exenscs in order to prevent pe.tol from becoming C.hristians. In childhood they were thl tttht tIe:v conhli put off being Chnistians till middile uge, and wlhen middle age ttatme round they were itil tlhat it woull be tilme enotghl when they were olt; and few. said the bishop, whlo Itve roached old ;ige care to emtbraco Christianity. Ile?lxpressed a hope that thttmo abootl to be conllirutlll wohld attend carefullly to tlleli devotions and the hoiy scripttures daily, and that they wontil inot neglect to attend the churIlh -regilry. In conclusion Ih: askedl tthat all COlristialns tpresent wonl give a helping hanl too o those whlo hautd reIcived tie ble.siing of the Iloly Ghost through the laying on of hatIds, so that they ttight lind their newo path mtore stilontll. The chuIirch wals tlicked tot its itmlnnst call.cily, alIl ilmny were inilb!e to •Lain ladt!tision. Tllh ser j?o thliollotlllo t was at most interestilng one, ilnl tile ro tllaks of [lis Lordslip wore tattentively listened to. 