BONNIE BESSIE. "Bonnie Bessie" everyone called , her, and rightly enough; "for of all the High land lassies who' gathered at the little kirk on Sabbath mornings, riot one' was half so -pretty and winning as BesBie. Squire Renfrew, of the Red Pass, was desperately in love with Bessie, and sought to make her his wife in spite of difference in rank. The herds at the Red Pass were the finest and largest in the neighborhood; the barn and store houses were always well filled. He was a bachelor, something over' two score years old, and he wanted "Bonnie Bes sie" for his wife. "If the lassie thinks she can fancy me," he said, addressing Bessie's grand mother, as he stood under the low, brown rafters of the little Black Lynn cottage," a hot flush mounting to the shining crown of his bald head, "if the lassie thinks she can fancy me, the bar gain's made; I'm ready and willing to lead. her. to the kirk to-morrow; and If a good true husband, and some gold and silver will make her happy, she'll be as happy as a queen at the Red Pass." Bessie listened with ' wide, startled- eyes," burning cheeks arid quivering Hps. She held her peace, standing; tall and slim, .in a sort of stunned silt-nee,' until her grey- haired lover had taken his leave. Then she burst forth into vehement, passionate protest. The old grandmother suffered her to storm until her passion was spent. . "Well, 'tis o'er now, and ye'll simmer down and. keep quiet, mebbe. I've let ye have your say, and now I'll have mine. ' We're poor. folk, me and you. I found it hard to get bread when I had but my .own mouth to feed; and since I've been burdened wi' you I've gone to bed .many a night fit to cry wi' hunger. But I've borne it all, an done my best; an' always been willing to gi' you a share o' my last crust." "But, -dearest grandma " "Now, lookee here, my lass," inter rupted the old woman, lifting her bony finger, and glowering fiercely upon Bes sie; "jf ye' re fule enou' to refuse this good fortin', that, ends It 'twist us two. You pack out' o' my house, and ne'er cross the threshold again." Bessie was silent. The erealt world beyond the Highland peaks seemed so dim and far away, and the old home scenes were so familiar. . The autumn days drifted on, and in the spring-time- she was going to the kirk with Squire Renfrew, and be made his wife. - The spring time came and the wed ding day was closo pX hand, when, one evening, just beforcjthe gloaming, Bes sie went to fill her pitcher, as usual, at the rocky spring near by. She had ac complished her task, and lifted the pitcher to her shoulder, and bad started for the cottage, her white, shapely feet twinkling prettily below the short petti coat as she stepped from stone to stone in crossing the. little brawling. stream, when suddenly, she uttered a stifled cry, and, staggering to a moss-grown boul der, sat down rind put -the pitcher has tily. on the- ground, .pressing her - hand on her heart, and trembling all over. "It's his; ghaist; it's his ghalst!" she cried;- "and oh, hbw Sair he looked at ma!" ..... Whatever she had seen, or fancied- she had seen, there was nothing in sight when she next looked up; nothing, ex cept the overhanging rocks in the even ing light, and the white birch trees swaying spectrally against the sky. "He has come from his grave," she cried, glancing fearfully around. " I dare, na, dare na do it. Oh: forgive me, Jamie, that I ever thought o' it." She drew a silken cord, which en circled her throat, from her bosom, as she "spoke, and kissed the slender hoop! of silver which depended from it. "I'll never ha' peace if I marry the squire," she said, "arid I ought no to ha' it; I shall feel I am a' traitor. And, oh ! Jamie, Jamie, after all, I love no one but you, and never, can." Suddenly she rose, with resolution stamped on every feature. ;i must give ine squire ins ring uacK, she said, brushing the last tears from her eye. "It is hard on him, but there is no other way. Then Jamie, then, perhaps, you'll forgive; me, dear." Leaving her pitcher there, she tossed back her abundant locks, as she finished- this adjuration, and ; went speeding away, through the falling darkness, with the light foot of a chamois. When she reached the Red Pass, the. bright glow of the warm ingle-side lit the windows. She approriched the near est one, and pressed her sad, tired, yet resolute, face against the glass. A minute, -and she Happed lightly against the glass. The squire . turned quickly, stared, and then started to his feet. "Well, now, well, now, what's the meaning o' this?" he cried, ' rushing, across the room and throwing' up' the window. "Bessie, my lassie, what's happened?" "Something that never should ha happened,"- she answered, looking at. him with a sort of desperate defiance, .and drawing the gold ring from het finger as she spoke, "I've come (to give this back to you. Squire Renfrew. I was wrong ever to let you put it on." . "Why, child, what do you mean?" "Take your, ring," . she' said. ."You've heard of 'Auld Robin Gray,' maybe, haven't you?" "Yes, I have. Rut what then?" "Well, I had a Jamie once;" she went on. clutching at the little silver ring suspended from her neck, a great throb ot pain atoktng herj "lie gave tne this. and I can't ever wear, any other ring. He— die— went off. to seek 'Ms- fortune," with another, suppressed sob, - "and -be was lost at sea, I. tried to forget him; but I cannot. I can't keep my. promise, to you. Squire Renfrew." - I— I couldn't feel like she'dld to 'Auld Robin Gray— I should -hate you, T should." And here she broke down completely. "So," he said, slowly, '.'you have come to tell me this, and to ask your . free dom? And you really think, too, you have serin Jamie's- ghost?" "Yes.' And I shall- never return to grandmother again. I dare not. . So I am going away." ... "Bessie, my darling," cried a voice, as his strong arm clasped her. The next moment she -was on the breast of her lover, who' had come back alive and safe. A- few days after there was a happy marriage at the kirk. Squire Renfrew himself giving away the bride, our "Bonnie Bessie."— -"New York News." 