SERM0H FOR SUNDAY. > < ' \ Compel ' Them to Come In. By the Late Rbv. C. H. Spueoeon. Compel them to come in.— Luke xiv. 33. -I fcol in 'suoli a haste to go outarid'ohey -this commandment, by;GOiripcUing..thoselto coriio in who are now tarrying in the high ways and hedges, tlmt I cannot- wait for an introduction, hut . must at .once set about my business. Hear, then, O yo that are Btrangcrs to tho truth as it is in Jesus— hear. then, too mesaago that Ihave to' bring you. Yo have fallen, fallen in your father Adam. Yo have: fallon also ;in yourselves, by, your daily sin. and ypnr constant iniquity. You iiavo provoked the _ anger ' of the Most High, mid as ussuredly us you have sinned, so certainly must God punish you ' if you pei- sovere' in your iniquity, for the Lord is n God of justice,, and will by no means spare the guilty. .But have you not heard, hatli it not long been spoken in your ears, that God, in His infinite mercy, has devised a way whereby, without any infringement upon His honour, Ho can huvo mercy upon you, tho ! guilty and .tlio undesorving"? To you I spoak ; -and . my voico is unto you, O sons of men. Jesus Christ, very God of very God, hatli . descended, from heaven, mid was made in tho likeness of sinful flosh. Begotten of. tho Holy Ghost, Ho was born of the Virgin Mary ; He lived in this world a life of exem plary holiness, and of the deepest suffering, till at last He gavo Himself up to die for our sins, " the Just for tho unjust,' to bring us to God." : And now tho plan of salvation is simply deolared unto you — "Whosoover be- lioroth in tho Lord Jcsub Christ shall he saved." . For' you wild hare violated all the precepts of God, and havo disdained His moroy and dared His .rongeanco, there is yet mercy proclaimed ; for " whoso ever calleth upon the name of the Lord Jesus shall be saved." " I<'or this is a faith ful saving, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners, of whom I aril a ohief " ; " whoso- ovov cometh unto Him He will in no wise cost- out, for He is able also to save! unto tbe utter most them that como unto God by Him, see ing He over liveth to make, intercession for us." .Now, all that God asks of yon— arid this Hq gives you— is that you will simply look at His bleeding, dying Son, and trust your souls jn the hands' of Him whose name slonecan.save from death, and hell. Child ren of God, ye who havo believed, I shall have little or nothing to. say to you now ; I am going straight to my business— I am going after those that will not come — those that aro/in the byways and hedges, and; God going with me, it is. my duty now to fulfil this. command, "Compel them to came in." 1\. First I must seek you out. If youread the verses that precede the text, you will find an amplification of this command, "Go out quickly into the streets and lanes of the oity, and bring in hither the poor, toe maimed, iho halt, and tho blind." Yes. I am to com pel the poor to coriie in. You are poor in circumstances, but this is no barrier to the kingdom ot heaven, for God hath not exempted from ,> His .graeo tho man that shivers in. rags, and who is destitute of bread. But especially I' must speak to you who are poor spirituaujr. Yon havo no faith, you have no virtue, you have no good work, you have no grace, and, what is poverty worse still, you .have no hope. Ah, my Master has sent you a graoious invitation. Come and- welcome to the marriage feast of His love. "Whosoever will, let - him como and tako of the water, of life.freely." But some of you are, not only poor, but you are maimed. You feel' that you cannot believe, that you cannot repent, that you cannot obey tho stipulations of the Gospel. ' You feel that you are utterly undone, powerless in every respect to do anything that oan bo pleasing to God. . To you am I sent ulso. Before you am I to lift up" the blood-stained banner of the cross : to you am I to preach this Gospel, " Whoso calleth. 'upon the name of the Lord vehall be saved." q (md unto you.am I to cry, "Whosoever will, -let him come and take of the water of life freely." Some of you aro halt. You aro halting between two opinions. You are sometimes seriously inclined, and at another time worldly gaiety calls you away. What little progress you do make in religion is. but a limp. You have a little strength, but that is so little that you make.but painful progress. Ah, limp ing brother, to you also is toe word' of this salvation' sent. Though you halt between two opinions, , the Master sends me to you with this message : "How long halt yo. between two opinions ? if God be God, serve Him ; if Baal he God, serve him.'' Consider thy ways; set thine house dn order, for thou sholt die and not live. Because I will do this, prepare to meet thy God, O Israel ! . Halt no longer, hut decide for God aud His truth. And yet I see another olass— the blind. Yes, you that cannot see yonrselves, " that' think yourselves good when you are full of evil, that put bitter for sweet and sweet for hitter, dark ness for light and light for darkness ; to, you- am I sent. You blind souls that cannot see your' lost estate, that do not believe that sin is so exceedingly sinful as it' is, and who will not ho persuaded to think that God is a just anil righteous God : - to you am I sent. To you, too, that cannot seo tho Saviour, that see no. beauty in Him .that jrori should desire Him ; ' who see no excel lence in , virtue, . no glories in religion, no happiness unserving God, no' delight iu being His children : to you also' am I sent. ' This is the universal command — "Compel them to come in." 2\. And -now to the work— directly to the work. Unconverted, unreconciled, unregeno- rate, I am to compel you to come in. Tho King of heaven this moment sends a gracious invitation to you. ; He. says: "As I livo, saith the Lord, I have no pleasure in tho death of him that dioth, but had rather that he should turn unto Me) and lire." "Como now, and let us reason together, saith tho Lord:- though your sins be as soarlet thoy shall be as white aa snow.; though they be red like orimson, they shall be as wool." It makes iny heart rojoice to think that ' I should havo such good news to tell you, and yet I confess my soul is heavy becuuso I. see you do not think it good news, but turn away from, it, and do not givo it duo regard) Permit mo to tell yon what too King has done for you. He knew vour guilt ; Ho. foresaw that you would ruin-yourself. He know that His justioe would demand youi- blood, and . in order . that this difficulty might be ' oscaped, that His juatico might ' havo its full duo; arid that you might yqt bo saved, Jesus Christ hath died: You seo that Man thero on His knees in the garden of Gcthscmiuio, sweating drops of blood. You soo this next: you seo. that miserable -Sufferer tied to a pillar and lashed with' teiriblo scourges, till tho shouldor bones are seen like white islands in tho midst of a sea of blood. Again you see' this third pieturo : it is the' samo Man hanging on the oross, with hands extended, and with feet nailed fast, dying, groaning, bleeding ; metjiought the pioture Bpoko ana said, "It iB finished." Now, ull this hath Jesus Christ of Nazareth done, in order that God might consistently with His' justico pardon sin; and the message to you is this, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." That is, trust Him, ronounoe thy workB and thy ways, and set thiuo heart alone on this Man, who gavo Himself for sinners. I como to you simple of speeoh, and I exhort you -to flee- to Christ. Oh my brother, dost thou know what a loving Christ He is ? 1 Let this messago enter your heart. I pieturo myself standing at tho bar of God. As the Lord liveth, too day of judgment is coming. You believo that ? You aro riot an infidel ; yonr corisoienoo would not' permit you to -doubt the Scripture. Perhaps yori may have pretended'to do so, but you cannot. You feol there must be a day when God shall judge the. world in righteousness. I see yon in tho midst of that throng, and the eye of God is' 'fixed on you. It soems to you that He is not looking anywhere else; but only upon you, and Ho summons - you beforo Him ; and He reads your sins, and Ho cries, "Depart, ye oursed, into evorlastirig fire in hell!" My' hearer, I oannot bear to think' of you in that position ; it seems as if evory hair on my 'head must 'stand' ori end to think of any hearer of mine . being damned. Will you piotnVe ourselves in that posi tion? The word has gone forth,' "Depart) ye oursed !" ".-Do you soo too pit as it opens td swnllqrir you -up? Do you li ton to the shrieks arid the 'yells of thoso who have' pre ceded you: to., that eternal lake of torment ? Instead of pioturing tho.scenc, I turn to you with too words of too inspired, prophet, and I K»H,. " Whs amopg us - shall dwell with too dey.omirig. fire ?; Who apiong ns shall dwell with evorlastirig 'burnings?'! Oh! triy brothor. I oannot ldt .you put a'way'religifiri thus; no, I- think) -of: what' is- to come after, death. I should bo destitute, of all humanity if I should see a person; about tq. tekohis own life and' did not assist in preventing him from doing :so :! and ' I ' should 1 bo worse than a friend if I did not now, with all love, and kindness, and earnestness, besecoli you to "lay hold qn eternal life," to " lnhour nqt for tho meat that perishoth; .but for tlie irieat that endqreth unto everlasting «fe." ; v , '3. And now, must I tarn hopelessly away ? Havo I exhausted all that I can. say ?. / No, I will como to you again. Tell me what 1 it is. my. brother, that keeps you from Christ. I hoar one say, "Oh, sir, it is because I feel myself too griilty." That oannot be, my -friend, that cannot bo. No-; hut you say still, " I aril too vile." Well, suppose you ore the, worst.; is not that toe - very reason, why you should como to Christ'? The worse a man' is, the more reason ho' should go to the hospital or physician. The more poor you are, .the more reason you should accept the charity of anothor. '. Now, ' Christ does not want any merits of yours. He gives freely. Ths worse you are, too more wel come you lire. But let mo ask you a question : Do you think you. will ever get bettor by stopping away from Christ?. If so, you know very little as yet of too way of . salva tion at all. . No,- sir ; - the lorigor jrim slay, tho worse you will grow ; your hopo will grow weaker, ' your despair 'will become strongor ; the nail with whioh , Satan) .has fastened you down will1 ho mote ; firmly olenohed, arid, you will be less hopeful than ever. Como. I bcsccoh you j rccoUoot there is nothing to ho gained by dolay, but by delay everything may be lost. ,Come, I besecoh you, on Calvary's 'Mount, and seo tlio cross. Behold the Sori of God; Ho ' who made ) the heavens and the earth, -dying -for your: sins. Look to Hint ; is there not power, in Him to save ?, Luok at His face, -so full', of. pity. Is there not love in His heartatb prove Him willing to save ? Sure, sinner, the sight of Christ will- help thqs'.to . believe. Do , riot believo first, and then go to -'.Christ, .or else tliy faith will' bq a worthless thing go to Christ without any. faith, : arid-cast thyself upon him, ) sink or swim. Did ' I hiter you whisper-that this was riot a convenient timo ? Then what iriuBt . I say- to you ? When will tout convenient time come? .Shall it . come whon you' are in hell? .Will that time be convenient ? Shall it'- come when' yon aro on your dying bed, and the . death-rattlo iB in your throat — shrill it come then? Or - when the' burning sweat is 'scalding yonr .brow; and then,-, again, when the cold olammy sweat is there ; shall' thoBe he convenient times ? Wheri'pains are raoking you, rind you are on.the borders' of the tomb ? No, sir ; now is the convenient time. May God make it so 1 .Remember,., I have no authority to aBk yon to. come to Christ to-morrow. Tho invitation is. " to-day if ye will hear His voice, harden not your -hearts, as in the provocation," for- the Spirit saith "to-day." "Come now, and let us reason together.". Why should you put it off ? It may he too lust warning you shall ever have. Yon may go away, and God may 'say, " He is given ;unto idols, let him alone." He shall throw the reins upon your ncok and then, msrk— your course -is. sure, -hut it is sure damnaliou aud swift destruction. Oh, be wise and come to Him now. I will leave it with you, believing' the. Holy Spirit will honour the' message. - He has said it shall not return unto- Him void, and it> shall not. It is in HiB hands, not mine. I cannot compel you, but Thou, O Spirit of .God, who hast the key of the heart, Thou' canBt compel. 