i THU LIU HT THAT CASTS- KO ! SHADOW. CURIOUS stories ure told about thc.powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up «mung the Himalaya mountain*. These old men, it is said, have déviàed scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of thc world knows ?nothing about, Laterly a German profossor v.sited the *' edepts," as thtse queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out thc secret of their remarkable performances. They treat'd him rather scurvily, but interested him all the s*m». One day the professor »anted to axaminc some ancient Sanskirt manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the boks were kept. Tho place was dark as the bottom of a well. " leant sre to read here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediate')' (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, hut he noticed that it had one strange quality-il east not thr slifilirjt shadow. This is a story hard to lielieve, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights yo» hav seen have cast shadows. Mclief or unbel ef commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of th« Lis' on earth quake, yet credited the tail of the Coe!; Lane ghost. A man who has l een ill fer years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an ex-ample '? - " In the spring; of 1SS8," writes our corres pondent, " 1 fell into a low, weak, aud languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sort.-.. At lirsl my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight al the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also Litter I ile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of sprits. 1 kept tip with my work, l>ut had alway» a sense of discomfort. Oft and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that 1 look relieving mc. At la-si 1 heard ol Mother Seigi-l's Syrup, »nd pro cured a supply. After t had t -ken only a few doses I found ie iel ; my food digested, gradually all nervousn- ss left me. Although I had no reason at lirsl to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly adinil its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigr-I's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits, lu thc interests of suffering hunanity 1 d' em it a duty to send you this testimony. ,'Signcii) 1). Griffiths, tailor ami ouitilt r, t;i. Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June Stn, 'Soi-" There is a deal of difference between Mr. Crifft'h"s candid letler and the story ab-.tit the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, bm it cannot be verified without more trouble than its worth. On the other hand wc have a trustworthy witness, wie* will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found nt his adduss. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigr-I's Curative Syrup. Jt ans on the theory thai mest ailm nts are but symptoms, lorms, 01 phases of that universal disease-indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures tha', and throws thc light of health and happiness ever hearths and homes »hero illness anil pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadow-.. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by cager witnesses. 