SCOTLAND. ; THE VOW OF ST. COLUMBKILLE. ?? - \'By Kathleen M.Nicholson.) One evening, the sun slowly fading away, O'er Iona's verge saw St. Columbkille pray, ? Nor dared he to turn his dim eyes to ,the ;wert, To where lay his lost and loved Isle of the Blest. When the stranger drew 'round him to list to his voice, As he prayed and he preached arid he bade them rejoice — The words of salvation came straight from' a soul That the love of his country had sworn to control. ' This' eve, as he praved and the cun in the west Slowly sank from his sight far beyond the waves' crest, ' ? He murmured in anguish, 'How 16ng,; oh, how long, Must my exile continue ? Oh, God, make me strong ! How dear, in my youth, wert thou^ Erin, to me ! Far better were death than estrangement from thee ! . Ah, what was Death's sting to the pangs of my soul. When the wild waves rang my heart's requiem told ! Yet ever, oh, Erin, my heart is with thee, Beyond the death-knell and sad song of the sea, Forever and. ever my idol thou art, Though pride and my crime have doomed us to part. Forever and ever, deep down in my soul - . Beyond mine, beyond man's, beyondearth's control, , , I hear thy soft songs, 'feel the breath ,of thy breeze, Floating o'er thy green meadows and through thy green trees. ? -The songs of thy. bards and they wild minstrels' glee, -???? ' Than aught earth ever held are far dearer to me I - Save Him for whose sake thy sod I'm denied, Ah, Erin, my Ireland ; ray love and my pride ? I have toiled, prayed and sorrowed, for years among men, Have tried to forget thee — and deemed it a sin To grant thee one thought of the mind that was given . ??; With my vow and thy love, to the service of Heav'n — But I pray, oh, my Ireland, that thee I shall see And come to in spirit when my tired soul is free. And over and over my heart sings it's song, IN THE LAND OF MY EXILE, HOW LONG, OH, HOW LONG i' Thus spoke in song, St. Columbkille On bleak Iona's shore — There doomed his earth life to fulfill And to toil forevermore. Toil on, 'tis said, through weary years Among a stranger clan, By rocky mount and woodland mere, This lucky and lonely man 'Tis strange that hearts should break for thee, Oh isle of song and fame ! We search thy tale of destiny Then freely grant thy claim -r So strangely loved ! So strangely sad ! So faintly sweet, the notes Of song, and tales of minstrelsy That thro' thy history floats, Thy harp hangs on thy ruined walls ! Where ancient ivy clings, The while the ghosts of sacred years, Float, breathless 'round its strings. How can it melt in joyous song, While thou bo dreary art ? The string erstwhile so brave and strong, It broke — to match thy heart ! 