THEATRE ROYAL. FLORENCE SEYMOUR OPERA COMPANY. At the Theatre Royal last evening the Florence Seymour Opera Company repeated Leoooq'tfcamio opera Girofla Girofla," in in tho presence of a large and delighted audience. The performance was undoubtedly worthy the traditions of the opera. The music suited Miss Seymour's voice admirably, and she sang from beginning to end with charming effect. She dressed the part superbly, and looked bewitching. All the members of the company principals and chorus sang and noted well up to the prima donna, and the applause was warm and frequent. The beautiful concerted music with which the opera abounds was rendered faultlessly, and the sparkling dialogue, full of bright and unforced fun, was given with the best effect. The Marasquin of Mr. Neilson, the Mourzouk of Mr. Wentworth, the Don Bolero of Mr. King, the Aurora of Mrs Angus, and the Pedro of MU's Kinnaird, were all fine performances, both us to acting and voculUation. The well-known gems of the opera were sung with true artistic taste and skill, and those who were present must have left the theatre regretting that no other occasion would be afforded them of seeing one of the most delightful interpretations of Girofle Girofla which has been given in those colonies for some time. This evening, the opera will be Planquette's Les Cloches de Corneville, in which some of the most charming women, and some of the best actors who have appeared in Australia, have been seen, The opera is called "comic," but it is really romantic, with a spice of the serious, not to say tragic. A glance at the plot will materially help those who will see it at the Theatre Royal to- night to enjoy the delightful work. in i emu are uneasy, ¡ILIUIIKUU for political reasons, (lies from France, leaving his infant daughter, Lucienne, and considerable personal property, in the care of a re- tainer, Gaspard ThU wily Norman, however, foreseeing that the Comte may never return to claim his own (which, indeed, happens), brings up the child he his niece, under the name of Germaine, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's tren sure. He has chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the old chain of Corneville, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like do Lucenay, and an exile from France, The grandson of this Marquis de Corneville is, however, alive, and the interdict on the estates having been removed by the King, the village gossips believe that one day the long- expected heir will return. Meanwhile, the castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted. Mailed spectres stride along its i corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But, in truth, these are the devices of the cunning Gaspard to frighten away all intending tenants of the old chateau. At the opening of the opera a knot of girls are on their way 1 to the " hiring fair." Amongst those IS Serpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of his fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place. Gor maine eventually joins the band-also flying from Gaspard'! house, but from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her hand to the Village Baillie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come to MR kingdom, with a strong desire to open the chateau and audit the barony accounts. Now, Germaine has betrothed herself to a ne'er-do-well of the locality, a young fisherman named Grenioheux, who, as she supposes, saved her from drowning. But, in fact, her delivered was really the long-lost heir, the young Henry de Corneville, now captain of an armed ship, with a roving commission, who, a year before, had put ashore at Honfleur to revisit the home of his fathers. At the opening of the drama he again returns, and this time he resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. The hiring fairs, where he engages servants, amongst other! Germaine, Serpolette, and Grenioheux (now turned coachman), conclude the first part of the story. The scene changes to the haunted balls of the chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew, torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms, and lay their plant to surprise the adventurers, whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of the village tradition. The young lord now come upon two pieces of information of much personal interest and importance to himself. He finds that the fair Germans, by whom he had, been smitten, in the very lame whom he received from drowning, and he get! old documentary proof that the is the daughter of the exiled Comte de Luaenay, who had left her in the care of old Gaspard. Poor Serpolette acquire! the illusion that the discoveries have been made in her regard, and she immediately put! on the artist well at the attire, of her supposed rank. As the old miser approaches to make I his periodical visit to his gold, Grenioheux gets into the armour of a long-dead lord of Corneville, and the rest of the party conceal themselves elsewhere. Gaspare makes his usual tplrttuaUitio manifesta- tion, in the midst of which, to his horror and consternation, the old bell of the chateau ring out a multitude of revivified lords and retainers came forth, and the old man thinks upon his gold overpowered and appalled. Gaspard ii delirious for a time, and in this and reveal the origin of Germaine and Germaine, did covering that she owes her life to Henry de Corneville, gives, as Don Caesar de Bazan would say, "the rest of her existence to her rescuer. Serpolette is deposed, and resumes her wooden shoes and cotton dress. " The bells of Corneville " rang out merrily at the nuptials of Henry and Germaine. The " Legend of the Bells " from this i opera it one of the pleasantest and most widely popular airs on' the present day. The i music throughout the work is bright and 1 sparkling. We have such suggestively pic baroque numbers as the " Song of the . housemaids," the " Baillie'! buffo tong," ' Grenicheux'i " Valse long," the " Cinder a long," and a variety of sparkling solos and fine concerted pieces. 