THE PEDDLERS' PACK. , " It ain't a very pleaant story." aid theo C landlord of the Long Prck, " but I like to tell it sometimes just to remind myself that the worst thing a man can have in this world is a hot, obstinate temper. G " You see, I came to this coest soon after l the gold fever brokeoutand seltled down in the be Santa BDrbnar valley, below here, ranching. I L was a widower een theo, and had brought with me from the States my only child. a daughter past 17. She wa-a pretty girl, if 1 do say it. and being as good as pretty you can imagine 1 was quite wrapped up in her. Of course. I was ft anxious to keep her with me, and if nolt tha'l at I, least I looked for her. to do something better c than fall in love with a peddler." " And did she." " Yes. You ore, in those days the country ) was full of young fellows who had struck out b for themselves and wero trying to get a start by n carering knicl:krcack anround from one nil:ine:4 camp to another. Some of them were lively V :.aps enough andi well educateO,but I was frcEa: 1 from the States,with all the easlern pri'jed co", and it alrmoet drove me aild wheln Ncllh told me tre wanuted to marry a young eolIow Who e obzught Ihis peck through our district a goot n dcel oftener than the trade smmerd to roequte. I ws a he t,:mirmrid fool its thoe drys, no I stormed. threatened, locked Nellie up for ct wnerland rent word to her lover thatll hal oealded my gun for wild cats and peddlere."c . " What did Notll do ?" " " ) " You migit have gurased it. One day whent I came back from a cattle sale the was mirriag. I chased her a couple of days, but they'he?od akren to the woods. and it was of f ro use. After awl.ile I got a letter fromniFPri o, ahd I rot ? uback raying that I I;r? diso ~ied er, .ind that he had better keep out of the anige of my rifle." S' What did yeou do then" e Soufforet. miLter, lunt srfferer. I knoew I was wrong, but I'tl have died rather than girve in. " For fireo years lived like a, toadin a roo~, liating the wholo world. All the ileasureo had was iin watlching for tpeddlerc. ` Tlind uinmbyr I rhored 6if n then ren?t during Lthat iine would astonisl'rou.. e: .' . " : " One evenisng after a torriblo raintoerm a pedellor came to my inaureand asked for shelter for tie night. lie wase a thin;'r"eak lookioig folJow. with his ;fTra covered with a hrige,- rggedl brand. He carriod on his back n: enormously loung ld IrovY pagk rand seemedl so exhaiuted with his tramptherogh the mire that, I hadn't th heart .to do more tchan'orde him' off tho Oan." .p iec T1'hat vao pretty hared,r said the listoner. '- Ie suppnose it was. The peddler seemcd all broke rip vhtn h fiound I wrtldn't eree give him a bunch of atjaw in the stable, and no otller house 'itlin twel ve miles. Inatead of complaining, howover, he merely begged that 1 wonld let him leave his paclk, which he raid donta??ed goods of vanlc, nndir sheller h from the rain. I finally oonsebnted to thin. So, as I hao sworn nnoe of'his tedoabouholi ever crosos my threshold, I carried',his ppclk insielwhile its ownnr limprl o fto crawl under somo bush or other." " Didn't you fel mean T' " Yrs, mean and bitter at tlio same !time, for something about the m.n reminded me. of Nellie's husband a little. However, I locktd" and barred all the doors and windows as usual, for some road igents, had beon around those parts anourt ltht lime and eid stepped anrd. r.bbed. several ranchers, and, as 1 told yso;,' was all alone. Somehow 1 couldn't go to sleep when alter that I went to bhL After. toossirn arounddfor awhilo I eofilip and saet iy the fire brooldig' over my trouble and trying ?otlto think of the poor chap alliering out thQro ain thei cold and rain eotin whre - Ie lookediat isl pack sitting up in the room hnd wondered what made it so long. SAs I watohed it, I fancied I saw.it, move." '" Saw it move ?". . :.' Exactly... I wouldn't believe qmy own eyes at firat;:but after watching intently for awhile I ditinctly raw the front of a bandr premsed I gainst the canvas from the inside. Like a fla.h then I understood the whole thing. The pedl ler was one of the road agents' gong, and, knowing I had considerable maoey abhout the house, they bad adopted that plan for smug. ghig one of their renw inside the house. Alter I had gone to sleep the fellow inside could lot, I in'the rest and finish the job. I walked quietly t across the room, took my gun from the ontlers, knelt down a few fret from the pack, aimed "ql are in Ibe c. o re and pulledi thi triggeir." " "Go on," murmured, the listener, with a shudder. "' But the, gun didn't.go off," continued the landlord, clearing his throet. ; i'TTi.dipe wans rusty and wonold't iorl ;so`li " own the t rier and got an axse from` th t'ilroCn. It had been newly ground Iht day, and heen i lifted iit ever my bead; 1 coterlwd upoi clearing that Spack, robber a?d all,;c!?aruo tliegro?tndI Just as olaised the ax and hbraned vomtyf for th( Sblo' I saw a ghost.'5 .... i e ? ' A: ghost ? "-, -.. '' "Yee,,iri Tie p eck opened, "ed I a u selioek ing out of if top uin tht uy etit iar of nmy a ellie.when she was a little lot ::efI4. Trhe hbock atggered me so that I sank on my knec. I wiped my ;yr cand -wodie dl if, liad anot gone cr.zy. I was: nlmist 'cr'itain of it whon the ghost strelctdird Ot pa ir ie chubby while arms and said o" ' EIow do, grandpa P" ? "Ab," said tto gilest, ? it ae relieced sigh,. " I begin to see. Andl what did you ldo then ? " " 1 don't caictly 'kuow, e aid the laundlord, softly, "'but if tlhere i .anything that will tnld a sliff, stubborn neck quirker than the arms ot a little child, l'd rlike to know wha itt is. I put tLe liund little prisoner :ionn by the fire, OptLed the door anl hld out mny arms." "'Yes," nodded the la:dlrd. " They were bothlr there, and, mister, I guess Ihats the end of oy story." Andl tile olld mnui wipled his ervr. S" You inust excuse me,butitlsat uas a rwet even itg, anl d somelhow I tarel ' gt Goquito ry sinoes. 