CURRENT NOTES. K " n tilR part of the Federal delegates 6ul t "' :ie!lt jealousy of the Australian cricks to lend point to the little jokes arising ^ the fact that public interest runs hotly • the iiien < f the willow and almost neglects meu injures and amendments. It is I U ac 111 '. selecting their politicians for ir crickiit.-rs, the people have discredited selves \\\ e think not—we think that they I meie.y ^ven emphatic expression to their reawiinui. gemiiuenfcs towards the larger fortion,., ihe 50 deleeates who have met cue object of creating a new flU;:, and have done little since but |rti'- ( j t! „ liuric niuuc UUIJ least t{..t utter contempt for Federation, inability to entertain the true M I less lik L |>g their feolii; -'• Many of the speakers have •-taresmen than like cheap-jackB 5 /•'<•<?(> w the market-place, and :ne best possibln bargain for Where has there been '"•'J'K the true spirit of unity I U|)0I1 r::;ii pselvts hint; HI,| |fraterni:\ i those w'. J^ 'he Py uniuii | r crickyf l pstraliav ] |that has latches • ^ • »e rivers' discussion? At «k to retain provincial con- ! , ercoloniaI rivers bargain for ^"'Oii of non-essentials. ; -'ven forms the best example n ation yet achieved. In the •mi the Englishmen in three tfc and h,s is ten truly mdtruehv-r ' i«ralia„ W'J"" mor ® federation a11 the b together Ti, i K delegates' 'iid f lirPllv ,,: ,e ™eters are Australian th [ns or kn<K--T n ' f j e y are knocking eration f / .; pickets there isno !t h ««»untV;'r;ff ,a I , u am from one ' ie d as Meiw t f ii ° ther the eleven are 01 the o n ® nation. This is a lesson to the delegates which, we know, will not be accepted. The moment the chosen lawmakers of N.S.W., S.A.^W.A., Tae. and Vic. meet in Convention they should cease to he New South Waters, Soustralians, Westralians, Tassys or Vies., and be only Australians, and chink only of the Federal nation they are expected to build. The instant they forget they are Federalists, and become provincialists, barracking each for the benefit of his own parish, they become traitors to the cause, dividers where they should unite. " What will be best for the nation we are making ?' That should be the query of the true Federalist. Alas ! what they really think is—" What is the best for our particular province V' and it is this idea that they act up to. The work of the cricketers is comparatively insignificant, but the people perceive that it is done in the genuine spirit, and appreciate it; but, turning to the Conventioners, they receive only a vague suspicion that they e be m S humbugged, and patiently await proofs to the contrary. THERE has been much outcry about England backing down in the East, and allowing herself to be diddled out of her rights in China by Russian diplomacy. The British .Lion is certainly not roaring to any great extent just now, but we are far froin believing on that account that Britain is likely to back dp.wn, or that the king of beast6 will turn tail in the presence of the Muscovite bear, and do an ignominious scuttle from the far East. There are many people, and most of them appear to be engaged on the PresB, who imagine that it iB necessary for England, when she wishes to work a point, to keep up a continuous shrieking, like some beer-soddened beldame, and act the fishwife amongst the nations. These have no notion whatever of the effective work that is accomplished quietly, and have no thought of the steel hand under the kid glove ; and they would find it difficult to account for the fact_ that England so often comes out on top in spite of lier disinclination to go burning powder on the slightest pretext, or to froth at the mouth with simulated fury when she does not get her own way at the first time of asking. • • * * The interests in China are too valuable to be abandoned by England so easily as is imagined by those who are already wrath with Salisbury for " backing down." Mr. Balfour, First Lord of the Treasury, in the British Government,, lias again declared the determination of England .to defend her commercial rights in the , Far East, and, loan or no loan, it is'certain that this determination will. be. acted upon when , necessity arises. It must be remembered that England merely offered to negotiate the Chinese loan on certain conditions, and is waitng for China to comply; She cannot force China to accept the loau, and made no pretence of doing so. One of the conditions under which she was to supply the money to China was the opening to the world's trade of T«>.lien-wun and three inland riverside towns. China was at first agreeable, but has not yet agreed decisively to the arrangement, and England's critics accuse her of " backing down," apparently because bhe does not force the trade concessions whethersha finds China the £12,000,000 or not. There is no backing down ; it is now merely a question of finding out to what extent and in what way Russia has interfered with the project. Come what may, England will hold the privileges she has won in China. We have that faith in her. And meanwhile it is fatuo.us for people who do not know what is going on to have hysterics each on his own particular editorial doormat because Salisl ury is not hurrying up a gory war just for pure cussedness and vain glory. Ii is a matter for* congratulation to find our contemporary, the Argus, entering heartily into the work of booming irrigation. For long the dailnB here seemed unable to discover anything worth troubling about but the lamentable fiscal issue. That old, hopelesB theme has been set aside for a time at least, and we are glad to discover an awakening to the fact that there is more in heaven and earth than is dreamt of in fiscal policies and philosophies The idea of diverting the flood waters of the Murray above Swan Hill, and capturing them for the purpose of supplying the Mallee, appears to be an excellent one, and even if the necessary engineering work is not nearly so simple as the Argus believes it to be, the plan presents no obstacle that would deter a Government with even a suspicion of backbone, providing that Government had a due appreciation of the tremendous importance of the work. The misfortune that makes us the sport of the Drought Fiend is not lack of water, but the absence of means to collect the element where it is most wanted, and this is a deficiency that human agency can overcome. • * # # This Mallee scheme looks like a fine beginning for big things. It need not entail an expenditure that would shock the nervous, knockkneed statesmen who are afraid of any Government work because the thought of it conjures up a vision of enormous borrowings. How to catch our flood and how to hold it when caught —when those two difficulties are solved th e Murray may do tor the Mallee what the ile does for Egypt. . The difficulties are ot great ones, and the greatest need is arnestness in Parliament. We have earnestess enough in. speeches, but we want a ittle in action. When water supply by gravitaion is possible the first cost is practically the nly cost ; at least, there is not the heavy expense of pumping plants and the continuous cost of operating them. If the Government means half as much as it has protested when enthusing about our producing interests it will presently know for certain the full possibilities of Mr. Melville's suggestion. THERE is a great deal of typhoid about Melbourne just now, and the reason there is no scare lies, curiously enough, in the fact that we have recently had something like a war disturbance and a series of thrilling test matches. This sounds very like nonsense, doesn't it '! but it is simple truth, and many newspaper scares owe their origin to the lack of more interesting news. When the papers are getting sensational stuff in the ordinary way, they overlook the means of a pretty decent scare, and so the typhoid boom passes with scarce a reinaik, although deaths have been fairly numerous of late. The great sewage system, which like a wounded snake drags its slow length along, was going to abolish typhoid in Melbourne ; so far it has only encouraged it. We expect thiB assertion to astoui.d good Mr. Fitz Gibbon, C.M.G., but we think the Board cf Health should take note of the so.rious effect of opening up old ground. * # » We have had our attention drawn to fatal -ases of typhoid following immediately upon the breaking of old made grcund in the suburbs in the process of "connecting" residences. In part6 of South Melbourne and Port Melbourne the stench arising from the cuttings is unspeakable, and now and again the workmen have shown good sense in advising the people to keep their children out of the yards, but there haB been no official attempt either to enlighten the occupants or to minimise the danger. In some instances typhoid has broken out in families shortly after the accomplishment of the work oi connection, and fatalities have ensued. The indications all point to' the probability of typhoid germs having been turned up by the workmen's shovels, and it appears to us that it is highly necessary that some official inspection be insisted upon when land that is known to have been built up with city rubbish is being broken for the purpose of laying down the connecting pipes. The apparent indestructibility of disease germs buried underground need not be enlarged upon here, since it is admitted by authorities that typhoid bacilli that have been buried for years are likely to fill a whole neighbourhood with disease if brought to the light of day and left to be disseminated by the four winds of heaven. Writing in 1840, Balzac remarked: "At the present moment the labouring classes are the fashionable object of compassion ; they are be ; ng murdered—it is said—by the manufacturing capitalist; but the Government is a hundred times harder than the meanest tradesman, it carries its economy in the article of salaries to absolute folly. If you work harder, the merchant will pay you more in proportion : but what doi j s the State do for its crowd of obscure and devoU-d toilers This passage was the other day gravely read out to the aston shed Public Service Reclassification Board by a literary Public Servant when aslted if he had anything to say. The Eoard made a note of it, and passed on wondering -what would be the next curiosity it would strike. So far Australia has not progressed very far in the ghost, bogey and phantom line. We have the bunyip, which is occasionally reported heard, but riover seen ; Fisher's ghost, which some'i ody iu England has cruelly dispelled as a myth ; the sea serpent, fabulous snakes and other repti es usually associated with drink, and that's about all. England, on the other hand, is simply overrun with spectres, and could easily spare a few for exportation, j rovided they could be admitted to Victoria duty free. This may, perhaps, soon be necessary, as it is becoming the fashion to have a family ghost on the premises One Toora k man sion supports quite a matured phantom, which has kept nightly vigil for years, and there are rival ghosts, all quite respectable, in the same neighbourhood. •Sydney is muth better off than Melbourne, and the clanking convict of Pott's Point, the Harbour Sprite and the Bondi Bogey are now quite celebrities. As far as Victoria is concerned there is fine opening for pri\ate enterprise, and a fortune awaits the man who can successfully import and breed an assortment of tame banshees, gnomes, ghosts, spectres, phsntoms, echoes and other eerie denizens of the supernatural world.' We clip the following paragraph from the columns of the Melbourne Leaner of 15th January. "The London Daily Chronicle telle two not unamusirg Btories com erning the recent general election in Victoria. One oratorical candidate for a Melbourne constituency, in a fine burst of eloquence, asked the question: ' What is it that has made England what she is—mighty, revered, feared, and respected?' ' Oireland,' was the prompt and unexpected reply, in a racy' brogue from the rear of the hall. Another Melbourne dem* cratic candidate, after announcing an advanced democratic programme, remarked: 'Yes, gentlemen, and I will go one step further,' sayicg «hii h he stepped over the footlights. in bis absent-minded enthusiasm and fell amongst the reporters beneath. Pretty bits of invention." " Pretty bits of invention," eh F Well, why did not our contemporary fay so when they first appeared in the columns of Punch? The stories mentioned were scissored by the London paper from this journal; but, there, Australian matter is never worth mention here until it lias been stolen in London, and has so received the hall-mark of British approval. The Daily Chror.v le, is not the nly English paper that has earned a reputation or smartness in dealing with Australian aifairs y dishing up Punch paragraphs wholesale and ithout acknowledgment. 