_The_ Australian Novelist. DAY0 OF OPtir/IE ! AND i YEARS OF SUFFERING AN At'TOCIOCRArHT Ctcpriat3d frci 4 The Australasian" of 1cj7 b/ Special Permission-) c.i vP ruu xx.1 x — ( noniiAiitd » fk»r I ?ii«l b-cn in the olncc a u ivs, M r S t wver had obtahie<l through in u! iua' half a dozeu payable cases, n'i'1 in r.v»»TriLti«» i c»f my zeal he sent me in a <>f l» Auncis and socks and Aliltn'i's Piradis-j Lost.' Mr. Palmer, too, soiui r. z-'d me mi to business. On 3 c.ttTiio!»n. wlion we were in the office by uurs. ho rarvh-ssly said, 4 The turn- ker'xc'rxk is gnin- out iu a day or two, ha'» anyone nyp'.i d for the billet ?" 'I am it >( -iiviir.'. sir. I answered, 4 but I'll ini|iiiiv." lie tiien asketl me if there was ,„Ui-li ill the gaol aiming the priS'-ners. and I lel'l him that there was. lie mile I remark ; but I under- stfi I him. iinl siinrily afterwards I made lav njip armice in th i labor yard I soon f.inn.i a tiiniieved applicant for the billet, irnl t.lu next iiionuiig I placed ao upon Mr. Pal'iier's iie.sk, pinned to a piece of piper Upon which was written, ' Samuol Lewis for turnkey's cook, and Samuel J, iiis, I need hardly say, with such a r cooimeiid .tiun, obtained the appoint ment. Tli" next imirniiisapoundnote with the words ' Jaines D.mnldsun — interview with w if -, who will call to-day.' The wife called, nod the interview was granted. It Mould bo utterly impossible for me to r. c illeet a tithe of the cases in which I thui introduced men to billets, or wives to men, and the cases that I mention are on'.V in illustration of the system. The billets were in themselves worth about £5 a-week, and two or three pounds alwavs found their way to Mr. Palmers desk for interviews in addition. 4 But tlio business transactions of T pton G ol ramified into far more pro'itu M directions. Let me cite one particular case which I well remem ber, because there was some inquiry made about it afcerwards, but without any efT.-ct. \- a prisoner named Xliouias Jamieson wis convicted of h jrse-stealiug, and s-i:ic:ici.d to seven yeans on the roads, lie Lad in the hands of the gaoler when cootieied the sum of £40, which sum was duty i iitered iu the ' Prisoners' Casbhook,' una should hare beau, after conviction, handed over to the sheriff for his ad- juo .cat lull. Instead, however, of this nil. i. aud explain yj Jiiui that his money isio'lc.tcd to the Government, but that U lie likes to sign an order for its pay ment, as if given before his trial, he shall hav- £21). The muu jumps at the offer, aud the older is written in the following turin 44 Tipton Gaol, November, 10. IS — . " To tbe uoveruur of the Gaul. 4' Sir. — l'ieaw: pay to my frieud, Mr. Simon Edwards, the sum of £20, being money of luinu in your hands. " Thomas Jamiesox. " Witness, — David Giceu, turnkey. 41 As the man was convicted on the If ill November, t/iis ante-dated order is good authority to pay away the money ; and then, iu make all sure, and to prove that the money is really paid, the receipt is en dorsed upon the order. Sometimes these orders were made payable to Air. tawyer, aud Air. Sawyer wasaccoinuiodating enough to receipt them fra/ollil i. iu cases of this kind, about uaif the aiiiuunt named in the order was fell for me on Air. I'almer a desk to hand to the prisuuer. The order- system was a luust prolitablc source of income ; but a nucttiucs losses were incurred through the dishonorable conuuet of the rogues whom Mr. Palmer's discipline failed to imbue with correct principles. I recollect w.-ll oue heavy loss that occurred. There was a Ulan ill the gaol named Fenton, who was in the 4 committed 1 yard awaiting trial. At the Iiuuse where he had been 1 J.. I 1... I. ..J 1 .r. 1 . _ 3 - ., , lunging iw nuu icic uis una, alio in tills hux there was nearly a hundred pounds. At my suggestion Fenton gave the gaoler mi order to obtain the box and bring it to the gaul. Every precaution was adopted to give the affair the appearance of a 4 aqu&re; ' transaction. The sheriff was incidentally informed of the circumstance, mid the order to obtain the box was duly Witnessed by the free clerk of Tipton Gaol. The box having been brought, and the cash safely deposited in Mr. Palmer's hands, Mr. Sawyer was then sent for, and obtained, legitimately enough, £30 for the man's defence. Dir. Sawyer's per suasive eloquence had so operated upon the mind of Feuton that he never thought for a moment there was any danger of his being convicted, and consequently he left the money which remained with Mr. Palme!'. prepared the instructions f<>r counsel myself, and after consider ing sill the jiros and com of the case, I certainly was inclined to think that Feutiiii, though undoubtedly guilty, would manage to escape. The sequel proved r.' i at my logic aud Fcnton'sexpecta- tionsucic equally false ; for the jury found him guilty without any hesitation, and the judge was equally prompt in pro nouncing upon him the sentence of ten rears ou the roads. The man had nearly £iid remaining iu Mr. Palmer's hands, a il fur litis, which really, after his con- vi, lion, ivlonged to the Crown, I gave liini live £5 notes, he of course signing the auto dated order for the payment of the whole amount to some imaginary person. I really think I have a genius for business. Wast a pity that I cannot prevail upon somebody to start me < I'm sure I should make a fortune astonishingly quick. Here is an instance of niy keeness in seeing an nni'iiiiiT for flirt I'virtiisiftn nf Mr. Pnlmers policy, so as Lo secure a monopoly of p off is. Tho prisouers whose money- orJers we negotiated on snch very liberal ) terms invested the greater part of the sum Which I always so graciously handed to them in tobacco. For this luxury they paid £1 for a pound — purchasing from the turnkeys. As Mr. Palmer's confidential agent could i, my dear reader, see this outriigvous wrong committed and be s-leut Could I passively behold every turnkey iu the place mustaudaeiouslyand unscrupulously appropriating proG's which tver - the lawful dues of my own vvorthy muster 'I No, no; I'm a rogue, 'tis true, but it was not iu me to stand calmly by and s e this great wrong done. No wonder, then, that one evening the prison Cuius opened to admit a cart, ami then from that cart were transferred two kegs of the very b'st Am tic in tobacco. No wonder that I packed it away caveful!y (Air. Pal. ii "r looking ou with benevolent e.iiuplac ney) n the lower part of one of the tfliau book pres-es. No wonder that by selling it at lis. a pound I very soan obtained til" whole custom of tho gaol, so t at eventually, for all order for £20, Mr. Palmer did really and truly give slooit l»0s. "Cut enterprise bug -ts competition, aud originality leads to imitation. Thus it was that a fellow named Rough, under | sentence to two years, took it into his : lo ad to do a little agency business for a I mere ordinary turnkey, and was fast I , p icketiug all Fentou'sc islr ; aud what was I more embarrassing st ill, was getting quite famil ar with the 4 mysteries' of the esta blishment. It therefore became im- I p -rative to remove Rough, and Rough I was accordingly removed to another gaol. ! Some few days after Rough's removal, I very early one morning a letter was brought to the gaol gates, addressed to the sheriff. The letter was brought into the gaol office. I took it from the turnkey who handed it in, and as soon as I glanced at the superscription I walked over with it to Mr. Palmer's desk and said — 'Rough's writing — dangerous.' Sir. Palmer made no reply. He looked at the letter for a minute or two, and then, placing it before me, walked out of die office. I knew well enough without being told what I had to do, and so, with out any hesitation, I opened the letter and read it. As I expected, it contained a tirade of abuse against myself, and a long statement in reference toFenton's money. 1 copied tbe heads of the letter, and then enclosed it again quite artistically. Mr. Palmer shortly returned to the office, and I placed my extracts before him. He was quite bewildered as to the steps to be taken, and suggested the advisability of burning the letter. I saw this would not itiswer, for if Rough heard nothing more of his communication he would be apt to speak to the sheriff on his first visit, and this might lead to awkward inquiries. I therefore advised that the letter should be left at the sheriff's office, along with a lot of other papers, before the sheriff arrived, and then the sheriff would not be in the least aware that it had ever been seen in gaol at all. As I always pretended to the prisoners in making bargains with them that the money was kept in an iron safe in the office, of which I possessed a dupli cate key, and that it was I who was run ning a desperate risk in taking it out, Mr. Palmer's name was never mentioned in any bargain that I made with Fenton. If, then, Fenton ehonld be called and ex amined by the sheriflj I saw clearly enough that if even he told the truth (as the truth seemed to h:m), the sheriff would detect a lie upon the very face of the story. The balance of money pro perly due to the man was entered in the prisouers cashbook, and Mr. Palmer would of course say that be still held it, to be disposed of as the Government might direct. Just what I had anti cipated really happened. The sheriff in the course of the morning, came down to the office, and told me to go out for a few minutes, as he wanted to speak to the gaoler. Out I walked accordingly, and in a few minutes Fenton was sent for. He was in with the sheriff for some minutes, and then tbe sheriff went himself awav. and Fenton was locked up. Fenton's statement was (to all appearance) so evi dently a fabrication that the sheriff wouldn't listen to it. I am not sure, but I believe Bough was punished fur making : a malicious statement The only evil re sulting from this fellow's offioiousness was the loss of the money. " I am happy, however, to be able tc assure the reader that, "through my admirable arrangements and very judi cious management that these losses occurred but seldom. Pardon this self- laudation ; it is really my dun. ' I believe Charles Lamb was not only I a veiy good author, but a very good clerk ' into the bargain. But, nevertheless, as a | rule, literary aspirations and clerical duties I don't very well harmonise. I do not I assert that a literary clerk has of necessity I a tendency ' to pen a stanza when he ( should engross,' out I know from my own I experience that it is very difficult to he | correct in making out accounts when there 1 exists is the miud any tendency to the j poetic. Everybody knows that I have | mathematics enough to pass an exami- ' nation, and yet somehow in that Tipton j Gaol I never could be correct. I " It was the practice of the gaoler to (purchase on behalf of the Government, I for the use of the establishment, wood, lime, &c.; The vendors of these com modities, so long as they got the money for which they sold, were perfectly willing to sign anything. Icannotsayhowitliappened that 1 was always extremely busy when- btcr oiiy purcu&so; 01 tuis kidq os toqaacj and when the vendors entered the office to sign the voucher which had to be for warded to the treasury, I used (being in a huny) to say, 4 Here, just sign it blank ; I'll fill it in afterwards.' "What fatal mistakes I used afterward to make, to be sure. If it was a common cart-load of wood that cost thirty shillings, when I came to make out the account I was almost certain to remember it as a waggon-load, for which three pounds had been paid. If twenty bushels of lime were purchased at five shillings a bushel, under the influence of some chronic dis- l order of the mind the transaction figured I in the account as thirty bushels at seven ! and sixpence. The receipts appeuded to I these accounts had to be witnessed, but ! as it was so very troublesome to be calling ! someone into the office every now and then for the purpose I allowed them to re main until there were several which re quired witnessing, and then Mr. Palmer introduced a turnkey, who was unable to read, but who could write his own name, to witness the payment of the money — not the actual payment, but just what happened to be written down, and then, after obtaining the sheriff's signature to the accounts, Mr. Paimer walked off to the treasury and received tbe money. " All Government business, as far as I am acquainted with it, appears to be done in a manner which seems to declare plainly enough that every officer in the service has a tendency to be dishonest. What a vast amount of clerical detail, what duplicate and triplicate returns, what signing and counter-signing, what auditing in this office and checking again in that, and yut how really impotent are all these expen sive safeguards to guard against rascality wnen rascality is resoiveu upon, l snouia like to know who, among the host of offi cials through whose hands Mr. Palmer's accounts passed, ever discovered the fact that Mr. Palmer was doing tbe Govern ment brown. " Another profitable source of income waa the transfer of prisoners to other estab lishments. There were some places to which the prisoners liked to be sent, and I others which they were anxious to be kept ! away from. The power of selecting the j men was in a great measure in Mr. Pal- I mer's hands, and I must say that this I power was always exercised with the nicest discrimination, for the right man was snre to go to tlie right place, which assertion | simply signifies that the man who could ( pav was sent to the place deemed good, i and the man who could not pay to the I place reputed to be bad. i "In connection with these payments I : have to declare a fact and to relate an j anecdote. I " First for the fact. It was often asserted : by certain malevolent-minded persons that | Mr. Palmer was a pru;i 1 man. This I deny, litis true that he had ah air of dignity peculiar to himself in ihe manner in which 1 he transferred to his waistcoat packet the- £5-notes which 1 wi: accustomed to place upon his dusk ; but 1 declare most solemnly, that so humb'c was lie iu the estimate he formed of his own value, that he always received with a th nikful spirit the modest offering of half-a- cruwn. It was with fear and trembling th it I at first ven tured to present so insiguifi aiuta sum for his acceptance ; but the great good man smiled benignly upon the gift, and proved Ills merit by his modesty. Am I not right, then, in declaring that Mr. Palmer wa7 not a proud man ? ' Now for the anecdote. There was a new establishment to be opened in the vicinity of Tipton, and Tipivu Gaol was to transfer to it some thirty or forty pri soners. Through my agcut, the harbor, this news was veiy quickly dissemin ted through the prison ; and on the day aft r its promulgation I presented myself in the labor-yard for the purpose of receiving tenders. I asked one if he could cook, an other if he could look after a horse, a third if he understood waiting at tabh-, and thus, without any direct assertion of mine, it was understood that 1 was seeking for men to fill the billets in the new prison. Candidates innumerable presented them selves, but 1 told then they w-.-ra mis taken ; all I could promise was that they should be sent, and as to being placed iu a billet, why they must take their chance, though, as a matter of course, those who went first would doubtless be selected. I was in the yard something less than an hour, and on leaving it 1 h id the names of 1-tpjnfiT armltiMinfs. nnd flirt sum of £"'fi in my pocket. The men were all sent, and ten other uauies were a'-so ins:r'.ed on the list. Among these ten names was the name of Aaron Dutch. Tins name was seen by the barber, who used to sweep ii it- office out, and 'he very naturally told the man he was going. Aaro-i was a cute fellow, and so he thought he might he able to work a dodge. He sent to me to s<v that he wished to speak to me. 1 acc >rd ingly went to the irou-raiie.l gate of the yard in which he was confined, ruei culling him to it asked him what he wa Led- Ii" said he wanted me to send him with the other men to the other place, and that lv- would give me £3. He took a £a-uu;e nut of his pocket and asked me if I had three sovereigns to give him. I directed him to wait a minute, and back i went to tin- office and obtained tile money. On re turning to the gate Aaron still had in lib- hand the £5, and as 1 passed the thrcc sovereigns to him he passi-J the note to me. Without looking at the note I placed it before Mr. Palmer, who was sitting al his desk, but when he came to look at ii he found it was only a worthless t'l.i-i note. I was terribly vexed at being out witted, and although Aaron's name wat in the returns, I determined to m ike thrm out ngain and substitute another n one to- his. 1 first went to him and told iiim ilia stones were being broken at a shilling a yard in the gaol, and that unless e handed me back the money he would be detainm" lit I XVWH «m; 11411 0|0" ll ---» yards of stone. Ho ouly laughed at . me, and said he knew very well that his name I was second on the list, and that he was j going without payment « all." | The balance of my friend's Tipton Gaol | experiences I must reserve for another chapter. CHAPTER XXX. PBISOX MYSTEllins (COXTISCEB.) "I returned to Mr. Palmer, and re lated to him what the fellow had said, and I represented that it would, in a i business point of view, be very impolitii to suffer Aaron to go, as it would lead other men to think that, after all, paying : didn't seem in the least necessary. \V,i.b ! Mr. Palmers' concurrence I sat up tli-v i night and made out a fresh return, ii I which the name of Aaron Dutch did no' 1 appear. j 44 The very day the men were called oui j it so happened that the aUuri'.t visile I th. yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his dis ' appointment, complained to the slier.. , that I had threatened to keep him in th , gaol unless he paid me £5 to be sen! else | where. Mr. Palmer was present, and li< informed the sheriff' that I had notliiiig > do with the selection of the men, as h. always made the list out himself. To sheriff took no notice of the complaint and Dutch was not seut away for sonn weeks. " I have now to speak of an event tvhicl gneveo uie very mucu. it soon oeeann ; know to the prisoners that all busiues, had to be done through the 4 dark.' If i. I man wanted a visit from a frieud, th | ' clark' was appealed lo. If a billet wa j required it was the 4 "lark ' who was fee'd. I If there was any money in tlu office ii j was the 'clark' who was spoken to ub»u I it. In brief, every kiud of crosswurk tha I was required to be done had to pis- through the hands of the ' clark.' 44 One day a message cainu to me frou i a man named Batty, informing me that In would give me five pounds to send him t- another station. I immediately went G the man and assured him that on receip of the money he should be transferred He told me that lie had no money wit him in the prison, but that lie would sen , word out and get it. He accordingly sen a note to some girl with whom he h m j been living, directing her to give th- | 4 clark' of the gaol £o to have liini (Batty ;sent to some better place. This note w.i delivered byadischarged prisoner; and th house at which it was delivered was ; brothel. The girl, after reading the note j threw it dowo upon the table. A fe j minutes afterwards the detective pnlic j had occasion to pay a visit to ti e biuthe. and one of them took up the uote an read it. Seeing in it that the gao ' clark' had to be bribed, they determine to make tbe experiment tiiciusulve With this view they got a person w.. was not known at the gaol to stop tit free clerk of Tipton Gaul as he was leavii- for home, and mace him the offer of £ if he would send Baity to another tablishment. " The next morning the free clerk aske me (he knew very little of the busim-.- himself) it there was a man of the na n of Arthur TVittvr in fVin rr-% .1 I him that there was, and he then ask. me if I could oblige him by inserting h name in the next list of transfers. ) a swered that I could easily do it if ii wished it. "No more was said. I thought in m; own mind that Batly'sfriends had arrang- with the free clerk in the matter, and was really glad, as the man had a lav, family, that he had the opportunity obtaining a trifle. He was a very gent manly man, and was not in any way co cerned in the doings of Messrs Palme Sawyer, aud Co., although, being shrew he judged that things were uut exactly < the square. The next morning the fr clerk entered the gaol offices aipxh-a ghost. He was very mush cs-ciied, .1 walked back war Is and forwards in 1 office without speaking a w n-d. At turning to me, lie said — 4 1 am onqi' Tuined ; whatinvpu.irffi n ly w.lt 1 ! know. Gud help me! I'm .1 1 o " man.' TO BE COXTIXUED What's t ® l>e UK 1 asked a men of ell uunuuiu -a Wre3| "VCwo.motti. re in-t 