St. Patrick's Day at Barcaldfne. THE members of the St. Frauds' Branch, H.A.C.B.S., could not wish for more glorious weather for a day's sport than that which obtained ou Thursday laBt. The pleasant breeze, although perhaps not appreciated by cyclists, was most refreshing, aud conse quently a very large number of persons visited the recreation reserve during the day ; indeed we may say all the youth and beauty of the town were there, in addition to the aged and staid paterfamilias and materfamilias. At 9 o'clock mass was celebrated at the R. C. Church by the Rev, A. Loretucci, the mem bers of the Hibernian Society attending in their regalia, the church being comfortably filled. At the conclusion of the service a procession was formed, and headed by the town band, to the number of 23, the musicians j looking quite gay in-their new uniforms (white I helmets and brown drill suits with red facings), the members of the H.A.C.B. Society, fol lowel by members of the local Oddfellows and Foresters Societies, paraded to the sports grounds. Mr. J. Currie, for about the sixth year in succession, led the procession. Upon arrival at the grounds a circle was formed with the fine Hibernian banner in the centre, and Mr. J. Crouiu, Past President of the local branch, welcomed the kindred societies, and thanked them for their attendance. The Rev. Father Loretucci shortly dwelt upon the unity existing among the Hibernians, Foresters and Oddfellows. Mr. J. Meacham, Pa.-t Chief Ranger "Court Friar Tuck," A.O.F., and Mr. C. J. James, P.G., Noble Grand of the " Barcaldine" Lodge, M.IT., I.O.O.F., acknowledged the compliment paid their respective societies, and the usual greet ings of the Orders were given. The company theu dispersed to visit host Clougher, who had secured the booth, the brethren bang thirsty after their inarch through the ttuud. Messrs. T. 15. O'Brien and Win. M'Bride were lion, secretaries, and deserve consider able credit: the brunt of the work fell upon them in carrying out (lie preliminary duties; in marking off the cycling track they were assisted by Mr. M'Quaker. Mr. T. Thomp son was official timekeeper, aud Messrs. M'Ghie, Arthur, aud O'Connor filled the various functions on the track. Mr. J. L. Butler was of course there, and took careful note of the bike jiggers, -especially of certain little " show oft"' sprints. The bicycle con tests were, of course, the draw, aud the Society is to be congratulated upon their enterprise iu putting forward a £20 handicap ; next year we hope the ainouut can be in creased another five pounds. The track had been chipped, but was rather too loose for record making. A regrettable accident oc curred iu ruuning the final iu the Opening Handicap. Voung Perry, who was on the outside, ran into Johrs as the latter was try iug to pass through, aud the result was a fall, the- whole of the riders coming to grief: it looked as if the ground had suddeuly opened aud .swallowed the five contestants. Happily bevoud sundry scratches und bruises little harm was done, Johns, however, had the frout wheel of his machiue smashed. We leave it to our cycling contributors to inform us who was responsible for the mishap whether or not Johns hnd a right to crowd himself iu as he did, or whether he should have come up on the outside;-the rumor that Perry purposely rati into Johns we do not entertain for a moment, although the circumstances may appear suspicious. Any how the public were deprived of what gave promise of being a most exciting finish. Perry won the Big Handicap, after a merry go with Johns, who was riding a "James1' racer with a roadster frout wheel. Perry is undoubtedly a nice rider, aud he should be able to give a good account of himself in better company as he mat'uvs. Nalder. who was <"jiisiiii'i'f<! a certainty for the big prize, disappointed his backers, but he just managed to annex the Consolation from Adam. We will not deal further with the eycliug events, as " Alpha aud Omega" will probaby dilate upon the events IN TJB TNU. During the day the town band, under Mr. Will Chandler, discoursed a capital programme of music, several of the choicest numbers being warmly applauded. Everything passed off pleasantly and comfortably, aud the proceedings termi nated before suudown, giving everyone a couple of hours' rest before preparing for the \vindup of the day's festivities-the dauce iu aid of the R. C. Church building fund. The following are particulars of the events : O Pi-N* IN i_; 11 axi >icai' . of four laps (about one I mile,). First prize, £1 and trophy value 30s.; :o.'oud. a trophy value 10s.-Fibbt Heat B. Brown (H'lyds.), 1; H.F. Walker(130yds.), 2 ; M. Burke (133yds.), 3. Positions were unchanged iu the first lap; iu the second lap Burke passed the pust first, closely fol lowed by Brown, Waiker being about a quarter-length behind him. ' Near the hos pital Brown put ou a spurt and left the others plodding along comfortably after liiui; at the turn he was a good two lengths ahead of the field, and maintained his advantage past the post. In the last lap Walker was going to have a say in matters, and at the back met Brown and passed him ; Brown, however, put ou another spurt and forged ahead of Walker again, who slackened oft' a bit at the turn, Brown winning his heat some l.i yards in front of Walker, who was 15 yards ahead of Burke. Time, 3.3" 2-5 SECOXD HEAT-W.Perry (120yds.), 1; A.Rieh ardson (100yds.), 2. C. H. Fyeh (80yds.), and li. A. Peel (scr.) also started. Peel sailed away from the jump, but haviug just re covered from dengue could not perceptibly lessen the distance between himself and Perry. At the back, iu the second lap, Rich ardson ivas a length behind Perry, while Peel aud Fyeli (another dengue convalescent), were mates far in the rear. Peel retired in the third lap, while Perry appeared to hold luchurdson very cheap, passing the post 20yds. ahead of him. Iu the last lap Rich ardson gradually overtook Perry aud in the straight was <m even terms with him, but Perry with a little spriut wou easily with a flat back tire, Fysh a long way behind. Time, 3.32 4-3.- TIIIUD HEAT- Len Johus (95yds.), 1; R. Lane (103yds.), 2; H. Clarke (120yds.), 3 ; t>, Schneider (125yds.), 4\. Passing the post in the first lap the riders WGto nicely closed up» Johns ospeciully going" strong. At the back the quartette were well together, and all passed the post A length between, Johns lying last.' Positions were unchanged in the third lap, but iu the last lap things were altered considerably. " Johns soon overhauled his field, and made u brilliunt dash, with Schneider after him. Lane then challenged Johns but failed to reach him ; then Clarke. At the throe-quarters Johns slackened off, aud Lane met him in the straight, aud both riders came iu fairly well together. Sclinoidor last. Time, 3.50 4-5 IISAL-W. Perry, 120yds. (Rothwell), 1; R. Lane, 103yds, (Rothwoll). 2. Other starters were L. Johns (95yds.), F. Walker (130yds.), and H. Brown (I45ydis.) Richardson (100) scratched. Pasting the post in the first lap the riders wore fairly well together. Posi tioiis were practically unchanged in passing the post the second time, the riders being Brown on the inside running, with Perry in close company on the outside; next came Johns, with Lane and Walker olose to and on either side of him. In the turn, after passing the post, Johns saw au opening between Brown and Perry, and rusned in between these riders just as Perry was steering to , close up the gap between himself and Brown. The result was that Johns front wheel was struck, and a bump on to Brown. The three fell, while Walker and Lane, close behind, ran on top mid came down likewise. Perry was up and mounted with beautiful celerity, and was never caught. Johns was quickly on his feet but could not travel, his front wheel being bnist up. No time taken. KICKINO THE FOOTBALL (one kick), prize £1. -There were eighteen entries, J. Currie winning the event by a foot. The distance was not measured. H.A.C.B. SOCIETY'S BICYCLE HANDICAP ; eight laps (about two miles). First prize, £15 « second, £3 j third, £'2. -~-FIHST HEAT L. Johns (145yds.), 1 ; R. Lane (130yds.), 2 ; H. Broirn (300yds.) 3. Nothing startling occurred in the heat. In the second lap Lane was catching up to Johns, while in the third lap Johns was rapidly overhauling Brown. In the fourth lap in the turn into the straight there were three lengths between the contest ants, which, however, wa6 shortened to a length in passing the post. This position was unchanged for two laps, when at the back the seventh time Johns forged abend, and ran away from the others; Lane and Brown appeared to be laboring. Brown gave up before completing the eighth lap and Johns won easily. Time, 6.13 1-5.-SECOND HEAT-W. Perry (195yds.), 1 ; G. J. Adam (ISOyds.), 2 ; G. Schneider (185yds.), 3. In the turn to the back in the seoond lap Schnei der sprinted, and assumed the lead, with Perry after and passing him. Adam made a nice sprint and headed for home, passing the post tt wheel ahead of Perry, Schneider two lengths behind third. At the f-post Schneider again passed Pony and Adam, bat lacking staying power soon dropped back into second place, the post being passed the third time with a length between them, Perry apparently playing a waiting game. In lap No. 5 Schneider fell back a bit, and Perry sailed after Adam, the positions in passing the post being Adam, Perry and Schneider, with a length between them. Positions were un changed in the sixth lap, but in the seventh Sohneidei retired and Perry passed the post three lengths ahead of Adam. In the final lap Perry increased his lead, winning easily. Time, 0.38.-THIRD HEAT-Walker, feeling the effects of his fall, scratched, leaving Nulder (35yds.) and Nicholson (60yds.) to fight it out for first place, or to ride over the course, as both would be in the final bar acci dents. Nulder passed Nicholson opposite the hospital, mid came in by eight lengths ahead of Nicholson. Time, G.10i.~FiNAL - W. Perry (I95yds" " Rotliwell" geared to 05), 1 ; L. Johns (145yds., "James" geared to 73J), 2: W. Nicholson (60yds., " Coronet" geared to 76). 3. Other starters were W. Nalder (35yds, "Hover" geared to 88), R. Lane (130yds. " Roth well" geared to 73), and G. J. Adaiu (180yds., "l'ellow Fellow" geared to 76). The general opinion that the go would be a merry one was home out by the result. Nalder had got up to Nicholson in 200 yards ; in passing the post second time Perry, Adain, and Johns were separated by some three lengths eacli, Lane 20 yards fourth, Nalder aud Nicholson together in the straight. Adam at the back put on a beauti ful sprint, aud was speedily ten lengths ahead; but Perry and Johns were on to him, aud in passing the post there was only about a length each separating them; Lane was halfway ^dovvu the straight, while Nalder headed Nicholson by two lengths just past the turn. In passing the post tie fourth time the three first men's position was un changed, while two lengths only separated Lane. Nalder and Nitholsun, n length sep arating1 them, had crept hulf-a-dozeu yards nearer the leaders. Rouudiug the back Johns put on full 6team, and passed his leaders, Perrj- cutting after him. Iu passing the post the fifth time Johus was a length ahead of Perry, Adam, two lengths away third, Lane a length behind fourth, Nalder and Nicholson six lengths away. Iu the nest lap Johus maintained his advantage, but Adam had fallen back, and when the post was passed he, Lane, Nalder aud Nicholson formed a procession coming down the straight. Round by the hospital Nalder and Nicholson set to to make things lively, while Perry, respond ing to the rush, was off like a shot from a gun. Nicholson did a wonderful sprint, and gave promise, if he could only last, of making it a tos-sup with Perry for the money. Lane and Adam found the pace too hot, the latter slowing off at the old cemetery. In passing the seventh time the order was : Perry, two lengths ahead of Johus, Nicholson three lengths from Johns; then three lengths away was Nalder, Lane aud Adam. The seventh hip was very fast, and it would have been interesting if oiheial time bad been taken of it. The seventh lap practically settled the hash; neither Johus or Nicholson could touch Perry, who came iu by fully six lengths, Nicholson, who rode a really game race, three lengths behind, third ; the others gave up the ghost. Time, 5.25-record for Barcaldine for eight laps (128 yards over the two miles). UMUEELLA RACE ON BICYCLES ; two laps. First prize, trophy value 10s. There were only three entrances. A. Richardson (50yds). 1 ; F. Aft'oo (130yds.), 2 ; F. Penny (scr.), 3. Won eusily. SIASIESB RACE : 75 yards. Prize £1. Three pairs started, J. ftl'Lcod aud J. Currie win ning all tbe way. BOYS' Hoor RAM:, ouue round; first prize, 7s. Od; second, 2s. 6d. About 40 boys Htaited, all handicapped; half of them fell down in the first 20 yards, causing much amusement, Peter Vesper got into the lead, which he maintained to the finish, winning by three yards, O'Connell being second, and Delnuoy third. WILLIAM GOAT RACE, once round. First prize, 7s. (id.; second, 2s. (id. Philipson's Carbine, 1 ; Reynold's Rangy, 2. A second WILLUM GOAT RACE was run subsequently, which was won by Jack O'Con nell's Bally. CONSOLATION BICYCLE HANDICAP, of si* laps (about lj miles). First prize, £2 10s.; setuiiu prize, trophy, value 30s. W. Nalder (scr.), 1 ; G. J. Adam (126yds.), 2. Other starters were E. A. Peel (scr.), H. F. Walker (146yds ), H. Clarke (150yds.), and F. Affoo (150yds.) W. Nicholson (scr.), did not accept. This speedily resolved itself into a good match between Nalder aud Adam. In the second lap Nalder hud forged ahead, Adam being in the lead with Clarke only two lengths behind him. Affoo and Poel gave up in the third lap. In the fourth lap positions Were un changed, Clarke sticking to Adam like a leech. In the fifth lap the positions on the post were Adam two lengths ahead of Clarke, with Nalder two lebgths bohicd Clarke. Nalder put on a big sprint round, by the hospital and passing' Clarke at the bttok, rushed for Adam, whom he passed at the turn into the straight. There was a merry out for home, Nalder beating the printer by a length. Clarke nowhere. Time. 4.23. 