The Institute Libbaeianship.—TH committee of the Millicent Institute, after the appointment last week of Mr. . B. S. Slater to the offices of Librarian, Secretary and Caretaker, found that the conditions attached to the office prevented the acceptance of it by the candidate. t The responsibility, however, must be admitted to rest on the committee itself, for d members knew, or should have known, before the selection that the regulations they had laid down could not be complied with by their chosen officer, bnt, as tho choice was made under the democratic haUotrnooneistoblame. The committee met again on Saturday, Senf?™ lSh?JndSpointed Mr. Geo. Wiltshire, ber sen., to the position. Salvation Aumr.-MajoiJtoner and Ensign Stewart visited Milheent on Monday, September 12&, and the> Major delivered a lecture on "Slumdom mthe barracks in the evening. There wm » rood gathering of adherents, and the lec- Wwas listened to with evident apprecion. The speaker, in dealing with the nons side of the Army's work: in the disreputable quarters of Melbourne, charged nine-tenths of the evil that novation soldiers had to encounter to the dnnk traffic, which trade he smote with a heavy hand. The " licensed store he characterised as "ton thousand tomes wane " than the licensed hotel, tecaose it not only created drunkenness , butintrodaced drink to homes and bred a system of deception as well. Afterwards Major Turner dealt with the funny Bide of slum life «nd his -stories were received with and Mrs. Cram was carried out under the Army flag, and at intervals solos were sung by Ensign Stewart and the Captain. THE KALANGADOO ROAD.—On Wednesday last a deputation waited upon the Treasurer, and asked that a special sum be voted to join the two pieces of metal toad between Kalangadoo and Millicent. Mr. Morris, M.P., introduced the depu tation, and Mr. Cameron (Chairman of the Kennion District Council), Mr. R. S. Slater, Mr. J. Livingston and others pointed out that there was now a large traffic on the road in question, and that an additional seven miles of road required to be made to complete the work. Mr. Holder, in reply, expressed regret that he had not funds at disposal this year, the construction vote having been absorbed The special grant to the Kennion Council a little while ago could be devoted to the purpose named, and tke same next year, if the Council w> desired. The deputa tion thanked the Treasurer and withdrew.—S.JE. Star. A REPORTED GOLD FIND —There was some small excitement in Millicent on Monday last over a reported gold find abou*. fifteen miles from the town. The prospectors are Messrs. D. McArthur and A. Fartch, and, though they have not yet made public the locality of the discovery, it is said to be in some private land owned by Mr. F. Davison, between Millicent and Mount Gambler. The prospectors produce gold-bearing stone, claimed to have been found in the South-East in a spot which shows both alluvial and reef gold. Old prospectors have indicated aparticular run of country in the South-East which is the only likely gold-bearing streak, but even that is not hopeful. It runs through the Mount Burr Ranges in a north-"west to south-east direction, striking within about a mile of the Mount Gambier road, opposite the 9th mile post from Millicent, and is said to go as far as the coast near Port McDonnell. It is a narrow streak of country made up of ironstone detrLus, in which occasional patches of quartz are found. One well' known resident claims to have, years ago, discovered gold at the back of Mount Muirhead, but the general lay of the country differs much from orthodox gold localities. COUNCIL COMMONAGES.—Ratepayers in the Kennion District are following the example set by those of Tantanoola and a petition is now circulating for signature, the object of which itf to cut up the commonage into small blocks and allow it to be selected by settlers. The Kfnnion Commonage is now leased for grazing purposes and under those conditions pays the district far better than it did when retained by the council for the use of ratepayers who wished to license stock to run on it, but much of the present dissatisfaction arises from the fact that the greater part of the area is held by, or on behalf of, the sitting councillors themselves. This ground has been made the basis of a good deal of agitation although the land was leton tender to those who were willing to give most for it. It is evident from the present movement that the Tantanoola «xample is the beginning of the end of council commonagos unless conncils -take up a strong stand against it, and—it may also be remarked—the end of councils' drain revenues for these will soon di» appear with the disappearance of commonages. SHEEP AT TEE ROYAL SHOW.—At the recent Show of the Royal Agricultural 8ociety of England, held at Birmingham in June 1898, which event is the leading agricultural and largest Sheep Show in the world, 1251 sheep were shown. Of these 1037 were dipped in Cooper's Sheep Dipping Powder. There were .187 Ex hibitors of Sheep and of these 112 UBed Cooper's Dip. There were 145 Prizes given and of these, no lew than 118 were won by Cooper-dipped Sheep. When: it is remembered that there are hundreds of Sheep Dips in nse in the United Kingdom the above facts speak lor them selves. EUCCTORAI. EOLM.—Mr. H.C. Swan, the Deputy Eeturning-officer for Victoria Electoral District, sat at the Millicent Court House on Monday, September 12th, to wise the electoral roll so far as It concerns this district. Altogether about ""tynamep were struck off as not entitled vop because they "removed by death or some other avenue of departure from thelooelity. These name* will in due course appear. a LAND SALE.—Attention is called to the sale of land, to be held by Mr. A. J. Plate conjunction with Mr. W. G-. O'Hara, at MUltcent, on Saturday, September 24th. A GHOST.—For some time past a mysterious apparition has been reported by residents of the district. Varurafc localities clain the patronage of this distinguished visitor, but his, or her, or its general haunt appears to be round the northern end of the town and along the Mount - Gambier road. The ghost generally appears semewhere in the vicinity of the witching hour when churchyards and keepers of late hours yawn, and seems to be of a playful turn of mind, for a ghost. The worst freaks reported of the visitant consist principally of a silent approach on moon-struck lovers, whom the ghost has in cases gently tapped on the head out of ambush, as a sign no doubt that respectable living mortals should be at home at that hour. It 19 not yet certain whether the mission of the spook is to reveal an unpunished crime, to steal chickens, lift firewood, or commit pure mischief, but some residents have come to the conclusion that the most approved means to " lay " a ghost is a charge of buckshot and they go round armed accordingly. ST. MICHAELS AND ALL ANGELS.—One of the pleasantest evenings spent for some time was that enjoyed by those who attended on Wednesday last in the schoolroom£of St. Michaels and All Angels when the usual monthly entertainment was given by the Guild of church worker*, connected with the above named Church. This month the children of the Sunday School contributed the main part of the evening's entertainment, and that delightful simplicity and thorough enjoyment, that is the usnal characteristic of children's entertainments, was the feature most conducive to pleasantness on this occasion. During the first part of the evening Mr. Davis shewed some gool clear pictures of the Soudan War, and peculiar interest attached to them on account of recent glorious victories in that country. The Rev. Newton Parsons explained briefly how the British came to be connected with the Soudan. A second set of views, illustrating a traveller's tour up the Nile, was also shewn and explained. But it was the second part of the evening that was so delightful. The cantata "Victoria," altered to be suitable for Australia, was given by a company of Sunday School children. Mr. Davis read the versis between the songs and also sang The Stockrider's Song." It is hard to say which of the numerous pieces was best, but perhaps the opening and closing ehorusps, being of a more rollicking character, suited the general taste best. Much praise is due to those who taught the children and the children are to be congratulated on doing so well. UNATTACHED DOGS.—Councils i" this district might consider the suggestion to increase their re\ enues by enforcing the registration of dogs. The number of canines leading idle, mischievous and vicious lives in the streets of this town its apparently large enough to pay interest on the overdraft of Mayurra Council at least, if all of them were qualified for dog-citizenship by the payment of the necessary fee. And not only are the councils losing money by the nonenforcement of registration, but residents are occassionally in danger of losing samples of their flesh at the same time. At various times and sundry places hordes of hungry-looking canines swarm out at the passer by and try to scare the soul out of him, if he should happen to have such a thing on him at the time. IMPOUNDINGS. — Impounded at this public pound, 15 sheep various earmarks and indistinct brands; to bp sold Saturday, September 24th. Also 1 black cow white on face, like indistinct brand, 1 red cow, if branded Indistinct, 1 white cow strawberry neck, if branded indistinct.—R. E. SLOGGETT, Poundkeeper. 