INTERESTING PROCEED- ING. (From Quiz and The Lantern). We are going to tell you how they weighed him and who he is. He is Mr. W. Murdack. one of the very best professional riders in Australia, and who is now engaged by Mr. Mallen, a well-known turfite, at his commodi- ous stables at Glenelg, South Australia. Mr. Murdack was re- cently chatting to a reporter from Quiz and The Lantern. *' For nearly two years," he said, " I suffered from a serious derangement of the digestive organs. I could not retain a meal on my stomach. Directly I ate any- thing I was seized with violent attacks of vomiting, and the pain I suffered was beyond description. I took medical advice, but did not receive any relief from it. I was at that time so ill that I had to leave my employment and knock off work altogether. I was kindly recom- mended by my employer, Mr. W. Mallen, to take Dr. Williams's Pink Pills, and he bought some for me. Directly I started to take them I found relief. I took in all about eight boxes, not more; but I have not taken any for over four months, as I am completely cured. During my illness I fell off in weight from 9st to 7st 6lb. After taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I was weighed, however, and I turned the scale; at 9st 4lb, and, I daresay I am heavier now, as it is some time since. I was so-reduced, and looked so bad, that my wife and others thought I was dying of consumption I never felt better in my life than I do now. I always eat my three meals a day, and sometimes a supper, and never feel any inconvenience. " Last winter I was literally at death's door, and I don't think I would have lived through this winter if I had not taken Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I am in full employment again, and rode right through the last May meeting, and would have ridden at the Accession meeting, and at the next Port Adelaide, but for an injury to my shoulder. I regard Dr. Williams' Pink Pills as an inesti- mable blessing to mankind." " An inestimable blessing to mankind ! Is that not good enough ? It is an undisputed fact that. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills build up the Constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, anaemia, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of phsical strength,. neuralgia, all female irregularities, debility, sick headache, loss of vital forces, &c.; Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, or from the Dr. Williams Medicine Co, King William Street, Adelaide, who will forward six boxes for fiteen and threepence, or one box for two and nine, post free, Beware of poisonous imitations, sold at greatly lower prices than the genuine pills. Insist upon seeing the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box pur- chased. Imitations are most danger ous. Amelie Rives, an American auth- oress, who has written touching verse and weird stories, has committed suicide in Berlin. Her curious mar- riage experiences are described by the Rev. W. Garrett-Horder, who, when compiling " The Treasury of Ameri- can Song," had occasion to apply to the poetess for permission to use a piece she had contributed to " Harper's Hagazine" under the title of " Unto the Least of These Little Ones." When Mr. Garrett- Horder waited on her in London she was the wife of the Prince Troubetskoy, the painter. Her first husband was Mr. Chanler. Not long after her mar- riage with him she said to him. " I am in love with the Prince Troubet- skoy, and want to marry him." He replied, "If you are in the same mind a year hence come to me and I will set you free.'" The year passed and she went to her "husband and said, " I am in the same mind"—and the new marriage followed. Mr. Garrett-Horder says, that Amelie, as a young woman, was a spoilt child. When he saw her " she seemed like a collection of nerves insufficiently covered with flesh." She appeared in a white dressing-gown—her long hair down ner back. Sne looked pale and worn—more like a ghost than a creature of flesh and blood. She had been ill from influenza "I never took a dose of medicine, never had a day's illness, never lost an hour's time by sickness in the whole course of my life. This is the result of frugal living, high thinking, hard work, and of a country life in the most healthy climate under the sun." — Millionaire Tyson. 