? CHAPTER VII (CONTINUED.) MR, SPARKLE DISTINGUISHES HIMSELF. BY GROSVENOR BUNSTER, iBBi^-CT lRfctutf'elton, The Devil's Wife, Hen stone's lie. WSB*e,jrt»les of Crimes and Irluls. etc.. etc. . This was natural enough. A man looking- upon Olive Veraers as his futu^l"wife.-w.ould, indeed, be of cold blood ir his heart did not palpitate with happiness and his whole being rejoice in the anticipated possession of such ft lovely creature. Have you seen the faint pink beauty of a spring sunset, and do you remember with what lingering pleasure you dwelt upon that picture ? If'you do, you have seen Olive \feicilfc Mr Sparkle did. It ®t3ooPF° watch the girl's face during the performance of the opera. While controlled by natural good taste and breeding from giving evidence of her intense delight, she could not concgEL iB the Expression of her face, bow pikdjiihf >as entranced by the perfoi*ftiiic«*%(r Sparkle, who, as we have seen, had an interest in the matter, watched her closely. ' Egad!' he muttered; ' I don't say but that I'd take the girl without the money. She is a catch.' Then he noticed ho.w several of the young^§giUes bf IhVtime contrived to secufe introductions to Olive For the first time in his life Mr Sparkle experienced a faint sensation of jealousy. He chafed against the privilegei^ich society conferred upon gentlemen who; to Ms practical mind, had no claim upon the consideration of a lady whom he already regarded as his futur£ wife. : He reflected. •ComS'l" life" Considered, '-there can be n6 better opportunity than this offered now. If this young lady is to be the future Mrs Sparkle, the sooner she becbtfies "acquainted with her husband the better for all concerned.' With this, Mr Sparkle devoted his attention to the stage, enjoying the performance in that philosophical spirit which enabled him to distract his attention as he chose in those directions which, for the time being, promised him most pleasure. The opera concluded, his thoughts reverted in the most natural manner to Miss Olive Vert^rs.:. Elbowing his way out of the crowd, he took his place at the entrance to the theatie, and there awaited the exit of the party. The night was dark and gloomly. The great heat of the day hung oven the city in a stifling atmosphere that foretold of a storm, and dull leader clouds rolled sullenly athwart the sky. As the crowd came forth from the theatre a- sudden crash of thunder awoke the air, and quick flashes of lightning lit up the scene. The Hortons, who were among the first to leave "the theatre, quickly gained their carriage. Mr Sparkle, influenced by some undefined feeling, edged from the crowd, and coming close to the carriage-door, closed it upon the party. The coachman drew out from the crowd and drove down the street. He had not reached the corner ere an awful crash of thunder was. heard. Then came a sullen silence, presently broken by loud cries, as the horses attached to the Horton's carriage, maddened with fear, dashed down the street All this was observed by Mr Sparkle, to whom thunder and lightning were nothing, and, who, secretly hoping for an opportunity to introduce himself to Olive, had hung upon the skirts pf,the Hortons. Rushing along the-s!r#t?Mie was lithe and activehe succeeded in heading the horses ere ihey 'had entirely mastered their driver, and at last, with the latter's aid^rp.atjaged to subdue them. Then he opened the carriage-door, and handefl the ladies out. Mrs Horton— albeit she showed little of it—was in a terriblg fright , Olive, alone of all the party,—feviriced no nervousness. Mr Sparkleuoticed this with some interest. B'eWg a.pergpn of a practical turn of philosophy, he argued that a young lady gjfrg gould'so command herself in the midst*of danger was not of the nature" lo be easily controlled or persUaded. Mrs Horton, who could k t s T b m c w h d not be persuaded to re-enter her carriage; readily accepted the services of Mr Sparkle, who, procuring a cab, placed the ladies in it. As he did so, in a'very gentlemanly manner, and as moreover, Miss Horton had remarked that his appearance was not unattractive, 3 there can be no surprise that Mrs Horton, .when parting with her • preserver,' expressed her gratitude in terms which led the gentleman's acceptance of an invitation to wait upon the ladies at the Lodge. 'He is evidently a gentleman ejaculated Miss Horton, as she leant back in her seat. 'Indeed, he has quite a distinguished manner;' 'Quite so,' assented her mother. ' I shall discharge John to-morrow.' John, who was the coachman, was thus unreasonably held responsible for the mischief caused by the thunder and lightning. What was Olive thinking of? Was it of the brilliant spectacle of which she had so recently formed an item " or was it of that daik eager face which had caught her memory and troubled it—as a dream of an ill and long past matter of our lives sometimes comes to haunt us? • 'Carlotta,'said Olive that night, as her maid brushed heir long and luxuriant bair. *1 have seen a ghost oHhe past.' Then she told the girl what had occurred, and spoke of the impression which Mr Sparkle's appearance had made upon her memory. 'Is it true?* cried Carlotta. 'I, too, have seem him. He is often here. He speaks to the major—domo! What do I say? The old man, with the short breath. Coucha! Buffla I Yes. I know. CHAPTER VIII. MR. SPARKLE Carlotta wis right. Mr Sparkle, with the foresight of the wise general, had surveyed the ground upon which, as he deemed, tho battle was to be fought. Carlotta, with that singular perception' "ot danger which is an instinct of her race, had watched Mr Sparkle, and ere Jong recognised him as one associated with the outrage of which she and her young mistress had been victims. And Mr Sparkle, conscious of all this, had deemed that the opening of the campaign must be conducted with skill and prudence. Hence he interviewed Mr Buffles at the Rose and Thorn, and very artfully 'pumped ' that gentleman, a task which was more easily accomplished by reason of the worthy butlers self-satisfaction with his happy mode of wooing. The honest man, no longer in doubt as to his position in the widow's affections, no longer felt any ill-will towards Mr Sparkle; and from being iiis avowed enemy, became very friendly and condescending towards that gentleman. Carlotta had seen them together, and had judged correctly that ill was promised to her mistress by the intimacy. Like all Malays, she was incapable of believing in unselfishness, and hence she identified Mr Buflles with Mr Spaikle as coadjutor in a vile conspiracy. But she did noi speak to her mistress on the matter until Olive herself had broached thesubject. Then, in her graphic way, she told what she had seen. It was not difficult for one of Olive's een perception and vivid imagination o conjure up a plot of which She hould be a second time the victim. hat this man Sparkle should have een associated with those who comitted the outrage which had perhance its object, her death, when she as but a mere infant, was of itself orribly suggestive of his intentions now. And yet she could not openly enounce him. That was impossible. And now that by some untoward chance he had succeeded in getting a footing' in the Lodge, how was she to meet him ?—how endure his presence, in the full knowledge of his puipose ? Oh, that her guardian would take her away from this perplexing and unhappy position. Nevertheless, when Mr Sparkle presented himself at the Lodge the follow ing day with most courteous inquiries as to the ladies' health after their fright, she was composed enough to thank him for the services he had rendered. Indeed she possessed something of the subtle art—or shall 1 call it simulation ?—of her race and sex; and in her desire to prevent Mr Sparkle from having any suspicion that she remembered him and feared him, was perhaps gracious in her bearing. At any rate, Mr Sparkle went away fully impressed that he had made a very fair beginning. ' Egad!' said he, ' that thunderstorm was providential. I am to dine with them next Thursday. By George I'm beginning to take an interest in life.' And sure enough Mr Sparkle did dine at the Lodge on Thursday evening, and several times following. But one day when he made his appearance, he found that Mr John Horton had arrived, and he speedily learned that he now had to deal with a person who was little likely to be hoodwinked by his specious manners and airy speech. Mr Horton thanked him for the service he had done for his people, but so formally and coldly that Mr Sparkle felt intentively that he had made no good impression in that direction. And indeed he was right John Ilorton was by no means a brilliant man. But he possessed that common sense which, in our passage through this world, is so much more safe a guide than the brighest talents. And in his honest way, he looked straight into the man's heart Thus he knew as by instinct that Mr Sparkle was a rogue, and he did not hesitate (seeing the efforts made by the gentleman to please Olive) to tell his ward his views. Whereat, with some hesitation, Olive informed him of her own vague suspicions, and bow she and her maid were almost certain that this man had been associated with those who kidnapped her, as seen in Philip Verners's narrative. 'Ah, well, little one,' said the squatter,' the sooner we clear out the better. When will you be seady ?' • I—I am ready now—this moment. I long to get away.' Her guardian regarded her for some moments rather woefully. •You will find it dull, I'm afraid, at the station. You see, I'm an old fellow, and used to it. But for you—' So that I am with you, dear guardion, that is all I want. And guardian,' she went on playfully, ' you call yourself old. Old 1 You 1 so strong, so healthy!' ' I'm nigh forty, litttle rosebud,' said he with a sigh. Why he sighed he knew not, for John Horton was not j the man to boiher about his age. Wrinkles and grey liairs had no terror for him, who was a confirmed bachelor, and who had never felt (he want of love, of wife, or children. But nowwell, after all, it was a passing feeling, ' and was thought nothing of by him. But Olive had noted it. A quick glance at his face revealed her knowledge. But John was dull at reading women's faces, and so caught nothing of the meaning in Olive's, nor that of the sly smile with which she looked up at him and said : ' Do you know, guardian, that we have a saying in Spanish—II sabio tnuda ccnscio, il nescio no.' And that, iff honest English, Olive; means ?' A wise man changes his mind, a fool never.' John Horton looked puzzled. • And the application, little one ?' 'Ah I that you may find out ingood time,' she laughed. 'Meanwhile, dear guardian,' she said as she plucked a rose from her breast and pinned it to his c.oat,' never think that I shall tire of life where you are. And then I must learn many things—useful things, eh ? Oh, yes. Besides, Edith will be with us often. Ah I I think we shall all be very happy. Only be quick, guardian, and take me away. I know not why, but 1 feel as though danger threatens both you and me.' Tut, tut 1' said John Horton. ' You forget, little one, that we are not now in Manilla. Rogues cannot do as they please here.' However, perhaps, Mr Horton was not quite correct. At any rale, he could not have contemplated the arrival of a condition of affairs when rogues did do pretty well what they liked, to the grevious loss and injury of honest folk. • Mr Sparkle was a guest at dinner, that day, and John Horton took occa ' sion to announce that he and his ward were to leave for the station in the course of the week. He paid particular attention to the expression of Mr Sparkle's ingenuous visage when he thus spoke, and was not surprised though he was very indignant to observe that Mr Sparkle was greatly affected by the news. However, he quickly rallied, and addressing Oiive, expressed his hope that her absence from town would not be for long. For really—and I hope you will receive my words as honest truth—you have created a sensation, Miss Verners- I hear you spoken of with admiration everywhere. It will be cruel—a social outrage—egad 1 if you bring yourself into the bush. Oh, dear me—a positive disaster'—and Mr Sparkle shook his head and looked very grieved indeed. Olive burst out laughing. 'They tell me, Mr Sparkle,' she said, ' that in the bush they have a bird they call a jackass.' Mr Sparkle bowed. ' Of the kingfisher tribe,' he said. ' A m.ost comical tellow—the laughing jackass.' Well, Mr Sparkle,' went on Olive, with a merry glance at her guardian, ' I shall not need reminders of those who mourn my absence, when I see and hear this bird, eh ? Ah 1 then I shall weep for those who mourn for me.' • Gna 1' ejaculated Mr Sparkle. ' You must forgive me, Olive,' observed Mrs Horton, 'if I say that I hardly consider that a delicate, ladylike, or grateful remark. The acknowledgement by society of—er—your attractive qualities hardly deserves to be thus floriied.' ' Faith I I don't know,' interjected John Horton, 'So far as I can see, the girl's comparison is a just one— but all to the credit of the bird, which is a very intelligent creature—and I can't say as much for the imbeciles I see knocking about, sucking their cane handles and staring young women out of countenance. However, mother, it does not matter,' he went on. • My ward, it seems, is not cut out for fashionable life. She thinks so, any way. Perhaps she'll get tired of a bush life, and be glad to get back to your flimsy existence. We shall see, at any rate.' Here Mrs Horton, without further speech, arose and left the gentlemen to their wine. Mr Sparkle flew to open the door. As Olive passed behind John Horton's chair she bent down and whispered: ' Thank you, guardian. I love you better every day,' and passed on with flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes. ' A quick wit, Mr Horton,' said Mr Sparkle as he reseated himself. ' The Spanish Creoles are very vivacious when once they get away lrom the formalities.' 1 You have some knowledge then of their race ? You have probably visited Manilla?' 'Oh, dear, yes, Albeit, that is, a passing visit.' And Mr Sparkle drank off his wine. A quick suspicion came to him that perchance Olive had told the story of her capture when a child, and had perhaps hinted that Mr Sparkle looked' very like one who participated in that scoundrelly business. Suspicion ever haunts theguilty mind, and this gentleman had seen and noted everything in the demeanour of Olive Verners towards himself to raise the idea that perhaps the girl had identified him. Besides, he had caught Carlotta's fierce black eyes fixed upon him with such hatred expressed in them that he could not but suspect the Malay knew and feared him. He did not stay long that evening. When he left, he took a cab and drove at speed to the cottage where Philip Verners lived. Verners was there, as usual, playing euchre with Snapper. ' Well,' said Philip, as he read in Mr Sparkle's face ill news, 'what now? Have you had the cheek to propose? And of course the girl scorned you.' 'Oh, dry up,' cried Mr Sparkle, irritably. ' The girl's guardian intends to carry her off to his station. They leave the day after to-morrow. There's a go. Just as things were getting on »o smoothly.' «Then It Is time,' said Verners. with ah oath,' that I should interfere. Never shake that ugly head of yours, Snapper. I say ybs. I have a claim— the claim of a .brother. What r shall it be said that a blood relation has no better claim over this girt and her fortune than a stranger. Not so* ' Oh, dear! Oh, dear 1' ejaculated Mr Snapper, looking very woebegone, ' what rubbish—what folly 1 Can't you understand, my dear sir, that the law— the law—' and here the little man spread forth,arras and hands as though personating a. saint —'the law is permanent. Nothing can overcome the law—nothing. It is the embodiment of all might, power, and force. Knock your head against tbe law, sir, and you might as well knock it against a solid wall.' ' For all that, I shall put forth my claim, and that to-morrow,' cried Mr Verners, 'so say no more about the. matter. I will show you how men like me deal with affairs of this sort Come, cut the cards. You are going, Mr Sparkle? Well, to-morrow you will hear all about it. Good night The law! Carambal Dios me Hire dt hombre dt un libra / Clubs, Snaaper.' CHAPTER IX. PHILIP VERNERS'S CLAIM. Olive and her guardian were conversing in the room called the Library, which, it would appear, is an indispensable apartment in a fashionable house. Olive had repeated more fully her apprehensions of Mr Sparkle, and had conveyed to John Horton her impressions of that person's past associations with her brother in the plot against her life or liberty at Manilla. The honest squatter's brow was black under his sense of indignation, so that it was a malapropos movement for the introduction of Philip Verners upon the scene. But so it came about. Mr Buffles, with a full sense of the responsibility of the moment, announced Mr Philip Verners, and ushered that gentleman into the room, without first informing Mr Horton of his arrival. John Horton glanced at his ward. She had grown very pale, and as though under some spasm of weakness, grasped the table against which she stood. Philip Verners looked long and fixedly at his sister. What did he think of? Did he recall the cruel outrage of which he was the author, and she the victim ? That some such memory inspired him was plain, enough, since he looked upon the girl with a lingering regard which spoke eloquently of his leelings. This lady,' said he to John Horton, is my sister.' John Horton, pale and excited, nodded his head. I need some better proof than your own statement Miss Verners is my ward.' ' As to proof," cried Philip Verners, it is easily supplied. Indeed, I think Olive will supply it herself. Am I not your brother, Olive?' The girl, whose face was deadly pale, glanced at her guardian. ' I have told you,' she said, in that voice of deprecation which we use under a consciousness of disgrace, that I had a brother. I deemed bim dead. I would that he were.' Ah P said Philip Verners, ' you are not the first in whom such a wish has been excited. But enough. Mr Horton, I have called to-day to submit a formal claim. This young lady is my sister. I understand that she is possessed of a certain fortune. I claim a right, as her brother, to invest that fortune in her interest' Or yours ?' cried John Horton; with a grim smile. Philip Verners was in no way disconcerted. You are right,' said be. 4 My in-' terest is of course identified with my sister's. In one word, I claim that the girl be given up to me, and that all property belonging to her be accounted for.' As he spoke he glanced at Olive, who bad remained in the room. She was still very pale, but her eyes were set together with a determined expression that was ominous. Give him all,' she cried in a despairing voice; 'let him have the money, but Mr Horton—John—my brother—save me from him.' As she spoke, Philip Verners turned his eyes upon her. It is possible that some tender memory inspired him as he did so. •Why do you so hate me?' he asked, taking her hand She snatched it away, as she exclaimed : Save me from this man,' and as she spoke she turned her head to John Horton, Honest, manly John Horton I Tbe clear light of truth and honesty was reflected in the eyes which looked upon Philip Verners; and Philip Verners, with tbe natural dislike of his class to truth and honesty, felt very uneasy under its influence. And Olive noted this with satisfaction and pride, too, in the knowledge that she had a protection who would never fail her. In truth, the girl, accustomed to the evils and treacheries of Spanish manners and methods, had feared that this claim of which her wretched brother spoke could not be resisted. It was in that fear that she had cried out to her guardian to give her fortune to the man, but to save her lrom harm. ' To BE CONTINUED, "Do you know the prisoner?" asfced his honour of a witness in a Northern court. " Know him 1" W&B; tbe response. " Wiiy, jedgo, I know 'im better than I •know you. Him an' me is like brothers; we've shared thesBme cell many anight." Jaglets: " Who invented work, Bill V" Unlets : " I doan know, but he ought -to sujed m>4 fajj^dij." 