SOKE LITERARY NOTES. A Batchof Hew Books. . nil AXSJX I. WttTON.l The firafW the subjoined group of new \- book* come* from Mr. E. W. Cole, of the Bundle-street Book Arcade,and the, others ore from the. latest additions to the well stocked shelves of Messra.' E. S. Wigg and Son, of the same busy thoroughfare. "The Wooings of Jezebel Petty for, being, the personal history of Jehu Sennacherib Brie, commonly called Masheen Dyle; together with an acconnt of certain things thst chanced in the House of the Sorcerer; here set down by Haldane MecFall." This is a narratioo of the manuera and the doings of the. negro population . of Barbadoea and Jamaica, interspersed with closely- detailed descriptions of the scenery of both islands •nd of the negro qnartere of (he cities there. In fact there is rather too much description for my taste. Beslism is all very well, but when it comes to describing minutely the appearance and dreas of every man, woman, and child in a room, the lights and decora tions, the instruments on which the musicians played, and the quantity each, person at the feaat eat, the catalogue gets somewhat wearisome, more especially as the progress of the story is not helped along by all this. Mr. MacFall has manifestly studied his eubjeot at first hand. He is evidently intimately acquainted with the customs and superstitions of the negro, Christianized by courtesy, bnt still retaining faith in Obi and paying toll to the Obeab Man. Many of the superstitions are most grotesque, -and some of them most decidedly horrible, while though the niggers are equally devout as Christians and Obi worshippers morals are conspicuous by their absence. Masbeen Dyle is a moat amusing scamp, and the letter in which he bids good-bye to hie officer is very laughable, as is also tbe way in which he gets his nick-name. The book, as I have said, comes to me from Mr. Clarke, oi Cole's Book Arcade, and it forms the latest volume in Heinemann's splendid Colonial Library. " The Duenna of a Genius," by M. E. Francis, is, according to the author, a romance of music. The chaptere are headed as if they were the different movements of a musical score, and there is a dedication to Faderewski with an aspiration " That the mere sound of that name, evoking as it must a thousand exquisite memories, may give exoression to this my fancy, and make my music live." The tale is of two Hungarian girls, one of whom is the genius and the other the duenna. They come to London poor and unknown, and their struggles to win recognition and fame are hard ami bitter, until at last it seems as if the genius Valerii was sinking under a sense of failure. Then love und fame come together in a burst, and it is the duenna's turn to sink, for the genius proves as selfish in her happiness as she was in her a Trow. But a lover waits for the duenna also, and the book terminates in a finale con molto ientimento. The publishers are Messrs. Longman's Green & Co. " A Bassian Vagabond," by Fred Wliisbaw, is published us the last number of Pearson's Latter Day Stories. It is a tale oF Nihilist plot and conspiracy, in which the hero, though no Nihilist, gola mixed up. He is careless and wild and for a time allows himself to be used by men with whose doings he has no sympathy. But a womun comes to the rescue, and though the lovers suffer at the outset from tiie consequences of Paul Orloff's former recklessness, a lucky chance enables biol to save tho lifo of Lhe Chief of Police, to whom be bears a strong re- j semblance. Though he nearly loses his own in the adventure he recovers, und is acknowledged by hie father and married to i hie love, and the curtain falls on a prospect of great happiness and a complete respecta bility for the poor "Vagabond." Tins is a book to be very comfortably read, For the print is big, the margins wide, and tile paper excellent. The author (J. R. Glegg) of the "Hush-a By Papers" announces in his preface that his intention in writing them lies been distinctly soporific ; that the book is one for the bedside and is calculated to lead too wide-awake readers gently into the arms of Morpheus. After this naive admission what can the critic say beyond telling the author that he has succeeded admirably in his design ? Still this might hurt liis feelings, and to praise is hard in face of such a con fession. The papers, of which there are 30 altogether, deal with all sorts of subjects from "lamps" to "spring cleaning" and from " eggs" to *' laughter." They are brightly written and interesting, and if there is nothing very novel either in theme or treatment there is all tho more chance that they will fulfill the purpose for which i.Iihv were avowedly written. The publisher is T Fisber TJuwin, and the book can be had for a shilling. The author of " A House Boat on the Styx," that most humorous person, John Kendrick Bangs, has left claBsic ground to introduce us to " Ghosts I Have Mot." Mr. Bangs meets the supernatural on new ground. " If," he Rays, " we could only get used to the idea that ghosts are perfectly harmless creatures, who are powerless to affect our well-being unless we assist them by giving way to our fears, we should enjoy the supernatural exceedingly, it seems to me." At any rate he makes his spooks amusing spectres to read about, although they are fearsome enough in themselves. Perhaps the best of the seven experiences contained h this volume are " The Exorcism that Failed ' and " The Mystei-v of Barney O'Rourke," but they all make pleasant reading, and certainly tln v are not calculated to get upon the nerves even of the most superstitious person. The illustrations are exceedingly quaint mid help mut-h to the enjoyment of the story. Harper Bros, are the publishers, and the hook is worthy of the reputation of the man who has made thn world laugh over his experience on that wonderful" Houseboat" and again during his pursuit of it. All four of tbe volumes last mentioned in this list come from Messrs. E. S. Wigg A Son, who have also stocked heavily in specialties for the Christmas trade which has now begun. 