topics of th2 day. -/.The /'Uovil'mn/vut-'r.zivtte" week eietbduA'n translaiten blVthe.i'oyitl decree In which U10 (Jneen jicgont of Spain niiniuiuces the rules nmier v/bicli that emuiiiT will coiidiiei the war. ArtJele Ml. stattfs .that Cupbdus. <on:- iniuiders, nud atilceva of iion- Aiiivilcan vckwLs (;r of V( S3cls jmiouMl as to one-' third by other lluui Aiimrieiia eilixeus, nipitired whlte coiiiinltlliig acts of war agatiiHi Spain, will imitvutcd as plniitv, with nil the rigor uf the law, although provided with a licence Ishik.hI by tin? Hepublte of the United Stales. Judging from the conduct of tlm war up to date then.' dow not appear to be much prob ability- of any "gentleman of fortune" serving as a tm&cl; to tlie end of a Span ish yard-arm.' Some 'excitement was occasioned In the city lust night, JuhI as people were 1 In pursuit of (heir Inst trains, bv a rush ; of lire cans io t He Fort I'lillllp (Hub Hotel, umt the rumor spread rapidly that another lire hud occurred near the I Kerne of the November eonllagraliou. I It proved, however, that Hie Bremen 1 had come on a fruitless errand. Nolle- i big the ascent 1 uf a large volume of smoke al tlie rear of the "Age" olliee, someone at the Fort I'hlitip ('tub Hotel, uppurctiH.v Ignorant of the fuel that. it. Is customary 10 get steam up about midnight, liad Junqied to the coneluston (hot a lire bad broken out, aud set the alarm going. The loeiultcrs of tho South Mulhtmrne C.Y.M.S. gave an cnlcrlnlumcut to the inmates of (tin Immigrants' Home, 81. Klldu road, last night. The following contributed to a very Interesting pro- gramme : — .Messrs Held, Kennedy, (Hynii, Uurlihy, Franklin, Waist), Cody, Curiam, Neville, Kennedy, Rainbow, Feckotoch, M-'Gllton, ami J. J. Caniweil. A vote of thanks to (be entertainers was carried by acclamation. ; -The Social Club of the Harbor Trust j Battery Garrison Artillery gave a ball ( In their drill room, Flinders street west, 1 last aight. Among tho visitors, who j numbered about. 170, worn Colonel Hull, and Major 1/nnby. Dancing was car ried HI half-past live (his morning. In our advertising columns will Imj found the directors' report of the Carl ton Hrewery Limited to RJst December last. The prollt ami lo?s account shows the earnings to hnvo been 110,017 Ss Id; and the expenses, covering !nLrest, Kalarica, depreelatlon, provision for bad and doubtful debts, etc., LIU, Bud ML Ski, leaving a credit balance of LRniiOSs 7d, which him been carried- forward. . . The coinmlttee;of the 1'mhran, South Ynrrn and Toorak Ladles' Itencvoleiit Soclnty report having relieved 100 ea-es weekly during Ike fortnight- ending June 2-lrd. 'ilio expenditure for I lie fortnight was IJM 15s Id. . : ' A musical comedy season will In corntucneed at the T'riucews' Theatre on Dili July, with the tlrst production In Australia of "The Amerlenn Girl." or, A I 'lay Without it Hot." . A strong company bus been organised, under the management of -Mr John Wallace, and full particulars will shortlv lie an nounced. ' .. . ... ; The "British Medical Journal" says;— Several „ well-known Ircncli'. eyellHts have lately. It Is said; been rejected as unlit for military service, by reason of hypotrophy. mid btherrdluitases.of tle heart. A comeiaporary, represent lug, no doubt,- lay opinion. profesHes aston ishment at this result. . But mnl lea I men .will !« rather NUrprised that ihu niimburs are'so small. There must !» few of iik who have not Heen tlic ill- effeels of ovcr-cxerllon on a iblc.vclc. The commonest fs pntpllalhm aud tem porary dilatation; but even this'ls some- ; times very dllllcuU to cure. ; 'Jim Heotch patriots who wax ho wrathful at. the confusion of "Ktigllsh" and "British" ought to look after their own publishers (remarks the " West minster (.Jaxette.") A u Alethodist Tlniwi" reviewer asks very pertliieiHly why the new diet Innarybf Messrs CI:am- bers Is untitled an "Kngllsh dJctloaary." As It is edited by a Scotsman, ami pub- lished by a Scots ilrm. and Includes such terms as "ldrkle#"'"wbuiunde;" "loom" and "wame," lie thinks It ought cer tainty to have been called a " British dictionary." Dawson City (remarks a recent writer) Is built on a small strip of laud bet ween Hie bills ami the Yukon Kivur, while to the west Is a large marsh which shajdy breeds malaria. : When you have, as you will have this summer, 10G.0G0 iiieu crowded into this narrow compass, with no sewerage, nnd with Inqmre wutor, In the terrible heat which visits the Klondike district la summer, you can picture the Inevitable circum stances. Men will. drop like Hies from 'malaria unit fever, and (he death-roll will be too dreadful to (Idiik of. ' ' American papers announce the death towards Hie end of last month of a not able colored man. In the person of thu' Hon. Blanche K. Bruce, who, although born a slave hi Virginia. 18-11, educated himself, and ended a brilliant career as Registrar of the Treasury at Washing- 'ton. He was u very (Incut speaker, ami at oue time used to lecture 'with success. One of tits numerous remi niscences concerned the original Kllxa in J'lIUclc Tom's Cabin," whom he knew personally, and described as a clever and fairly wcll-cducutcd quadroon. Renin Ins of. the skulls of two wild horses have recently been discovered In Ireland. They'Indleate that the iiui- nulls were very uiucli- smaller than the horses of Unlay. The remains were 'found lu tlie -.gravel underlying a bog. Similar, discoveries have heretofore bea'madf) in h-elaad, somcwf Hiem-la 'tfluindbu (.'a viv- -Oeb«ogls(s liellevn 1 hat n raec of wihLliurses inhabited the Is land at the came time that the gtganilc oiks, whose skeletons are- found bi the bogs, flourished .there,- Hut while thu elks were of .enormous stature, the horses, were dwarfs. .The Japanese jncrehmd. marine, says "ludlati and MiisleniV'-'Muglaeer,"- has liicrcased slpcc dm Clilnesc-.Iaimneso war from BlU.OUU' to '-100,000 tons ol! steam shipping; Linen, arc now orga nised sailing from .the chief ports of Japan to Chluu, India, Kuropc, America and Australia. This growth follows a change front an agrtfddlural to 11 iimnu- facturiug mitioii. ' In 187" Japan only exported manufactured articles to the value of LKHVHlOjInlS'.K! exports of this class ninouutod lo LD, 111)0,(101), or -10 per cent, of her tdtnl exports. Tlie ghost of Wagner will hover over (he I'arls Kxldbltloii of 1G00, says ait Kngllsli (ioutemporary, and' grla hor- I ribly a Jealous grin; One of tho novel- | ties Is to lie u glgaatie tnunput. This i will muasuro three. huudrcd ,fcot . In length. The Mowing. »r the' Instniineut will be dune by maehinery, and a pah' of ilps modelled after, those of a man will control Uie .Volume of . air that will sweep toriuido-1ike through them Into tlie great horri. ' (Jlgantle I follows operated by electric engines will fur nish the stream of wind. 'Hie Biinyle'Clipi purparc holding auoUirr or Itirlr At Itoiacn ta tho Hortlcultural JIfllt, Vic- lorla Htmd, ««xt Mou'dtiy nvonlm..-, - Memra' Plriuuitu. GriUioin nnd Sty tea will xi>ll <m TmjMhiy iiuxt,. nt llio Wlllluiiistowii dockyard, a quantity ot'comtcimicd uioro. , Moaar J, I.yon.i unit Co. wlll kl-1| by nuctlon on .Moriduy, -ut tho Hall' of Coinniorce, Mi) (piosn /jitfcot.'Jinumellcrl'tvaro. -cutlery; our, ' .Uc-iBrs l/Muinp utid Huyni'a will koII on Mon day, .ut 20 Doilutil Ktroot, i'ruliraii/ tho houxu furnUldtiRx. 'plMiq, (So., of Mr# W. II.' GIB. Maiur# Cahtpbt'dl und Sou will soil by auc tion 011 Moridiiy; ht 12 o'clock, at , Klrk'ir Da- r/tor, the liiyjUii. RutcB.'ilo., for. the Mclbourno' Hunt Uluh ;m'ocilnp. Mnr# llaytrn. nud: Co. 'will eel! by auolLn on 'J-Jniradfry next. -at II 0 clock, tm the pro-- intai-e. SliuirtlODO. Mailtoii Crovcsilt, UL' Kllda, lurnituro oud nirocth. on H'jriTjv t()0 fl.u, Edinu Irm'cu Qiicrii'. 'Wharf' ut'-TPa.nVi' for: PortiirUnstoa' nnd Geo- Jong, rctiirclix: ubuut 7.4"'it,m. Rvturn fare, 2.) (avuilnMiVHor oiio/mcinth); «t»t;lo. 1 G-J. .T. .Lyon "anrl c'o, will' well by uuctliin . on itbuduy und 'fuyxdhy. -ah utid Tith .lit)y, at rt/'rtall oTT STnuoeK'c; 'MIFQdcc'n, sivcof;' Ihu' uereicauicd .f lcd/jo of Mr J. Phltnjm, Cn.wn. . J-.- 2 <) Ucc CI. r f \ ihtUt. Full jwiL-uioiji t-lll iiu fcmid Jo- our i'Ui-tlou cobliuiu. .f . ' ' . ' 