xin: HAUNTED 3IOUNTAINŚ- OK, "OLuXLL CODY'S SEARCn, " Iii IM A-NCE OF THE WEST. CH.-.TTF-I: XVI.—COLONEL CODY A gy o.trX>NEL PKEXTISS INGRAM, • v.tliv-r of the "Mysterious Man in Blue." &c.; PRISONER. C_-uy. v, hem we left crossing the giivar.-., had never 111 his life before been in such a position, when he was so utterly helpless. and he realised it fully. Ho had on the cumbersome indiarubb&r; suii. covering his body completely, his nd arms, ana fastening close around his neck. Ova this was the gear that held him to chain. so that his weapons were evered uj>. and not serviceable at a nwsn'.-nfs rail. On [hi: shore, where lie,had left his Iiors:\ s:ood the two men. They now had ;hcir rii'es levelled at 'him. so that to r-.-tnut. would be certain death. Just as the man called out his name, ec he recognised him, a shout came from up tile stream, and two^other men left at thi' bridge- crossing came running down to join their comrades, one of them crying: "Say, pards, we has found TFirt_ Jasper's horse hitched amon? the rocks. Wliai does ii mean?" "It means the! thar hes been a devil's gam:- played agin us, and now it's our !inie ter play our trumps, for we lias Cody here." Th» scout heard and saw all, and, fully aware i hat he had not one chance in a thousand, he very coolly accepted the, to liiin. unfortunate situation. Sc he called out : "I'm coming: ashore, and we'll talk it ever." The rifles—four now—still covered him: and as he landed there were ready hands to help hint off with the gear and waterproof suit, as also his %'eapons. "Quite a clever scheme this, and I was just trying to see how it would ftork," announced Cody, pleasantly. "You'll find out 1-ow a rope will work at'orc we is done with yer." "Is thai so? I'm a. pretty good roper myself." "You is Cody?" - "Yes. nobody else." "And I'll bet you was on cur traiL "Certainly! Why not?" "How did you git Witt Jesper's horse"" "I played a game for him and won.*" "Hot: did you g't across the chasm"' "Never mind. I am your prisoner, and you ar? men of the band of Midnighters. I played to win, and lost." "You is cool about it." "The weather is cooL I think we will hare a very cold winter, for it is beginning early to freeze." The men looked at the handsome scout in surprise at his indifferent man rer. They all knew him well by came, and a couple of them had seen him before—one of them being a deserter from the army. wifiJTn Cody recognised at a glance, though Hie* did not appear to do so. "Well. Cody, you has cut yer foot inter H this time, for we is Midnighters, ana we come here to stretch ther bridge fer ther cap'n, who is^oming back with Uier men. He'll be mighty glad to see we has got you. you can svesr in that! You has got Wirt Jasper's horse and weepons, and yer'11 have ter give an account of yerself, and If yer flon't hang H will surprise'ni- Codr laughc-d lightly, maCe no resistance, and was securely bound Then he watched one of the men don the waterproof suit and cross over, rolling it up and hooking it on to the chain, when it was drawn back by a rope, and a second man put it Gn and went over. Then the other two led him up to where the bridge was hidden, and he sat quietly watching their clever manner of spanning the torrent He saw the horseshoes whirled across lo the two men on the other side, and watehedlliem drag the chains over and make thera fast to the windlass that had been brought from its hiding-place. When the chains were taut the two nir-n on his side of the stream rolled the flooring down, and, piece by pięce, it was spread on and made fast until the novel bridge -was completed. "Woli. that is what I call a very clever piece of work." said Cody", admiringly. " Our <-ap"n a very clever gent. By 3ore. we is jist in time, for he's coming As the man spoke there rode into view a large man. wc-U mounted and thoroughly armed. He wore his hai&Jong; ana a full heard, and he was dressed in military boots and a. fatigue uniform CMt. with black army hat, encircled by a cord. In addition\o his revolvers he wore a civalry sword Vsvung to his belt, and bi:stroSe a military saddle. Cody recognised hiin at once from •What he had heard or the chief of the Hidrńghters. but who tras simplyknown as Captain Lawless, the road SfXrA, and leader of the outlaw band of Kionishters. ^Behind the leader came a dozen men ib*v had with them fully a score oi feo led horses, some of which were •loaded with booty. The Midnighters were evidently just r-tunnng from a successful "raid. CHAPTER XYIL—FOLLOWING A . PHA.VTOM. As the outlaw captain came to a halt, Lie man who was the leader of the ondge party stepped up and held a short conversation with him the scout knowing that he tras the subject Wha, they were talking about. ihe chief saw his men crocs the bridge wits their booty, the captured horses snowing some reluctance at the risk; dik when all had got over, he called out: Acl v ' unsling the bridge and come on eanip. all but two of you, who wait to see if we are pursued, though I do not fcheve it possible our. trail can be folijttod, especially as we have the man —ost to be dreaded a prisoner " Then he rode up t0 the Ecmlt and coh_ i-muea: Ir' i^?"', Si s r ' "n^et at last, and you •ok just the man I had pictured you.". you ^ok like a gentleman. thr?f, -- yOU are a and a cut! throat, was the sharp rc;p. ise of 1 undaunted scout.' _J;, h \ £ace of the outlaw clouded, but the "A man standing: on the brink of : Ihe «ie swe should be more choice in his lanw ™ C Eut We *' 4 r ' ot parrel now; t ^ h , at rou found In *""»»<>n or. my men tell me, and we tZ, together, while yon explain towj ou came to have the animai.and perhaps can account for Wirt Jasper! ,?„ bla łwo companions." a man en Łe c °unters an outlaw, Kpect to fight for his life. Tour thref łeS ^ *V e e3Jne o£ life "a* deail fS,!. ^ 5 bndge - with and last i - ^ r came my way tc ftS Jon have won; so ^tr Weli a" you^e -there is cooi about -^o^ it." Jt ^ was like you, from all I have heard ranfl 40T nighters is your detLdly foel" •As I am theirs," was -the -prompt* reply.; and Cody rode along- the trail he, had followed before, the outlaw leader' by his side. Following the same trail, they rode' into the valley retreat towards nightfall, the chief quietly remarking : "You see we make no effort to hide our trail, sir, as your"doom will be sealed here." - . "A threatened man is saia to be longlived;" and Cody spoke with an air of; utter indifference. The outlaw leader eebwled, but said no more until they reached the camp. Once there,- the prisoner was securely bound, but not otherwise illtreated. That night, from where he sat near a lire, he could hear that he was the object of discussion, and well he knew that the .loss of the three outlaws and the fact that he had solved the secret of the swinging bridge and the trail of the retreat were gTeatly against him. When the band broke up at night to go to their respective cabins, Cody was conducted to the one occuuied by the chief, and this, to the scout's mind, gave the impression that the outlaw'leader was suspicious o£ his men. Whether this was true or not the chief said : 'Vou will occupy my cabin, and any attempt to escape will be the signal for your death. Some of my men ale very bitter towards you, but I am determined you shall not be harmed until tefl!debided what shall be your fatef To-morrow being- Sunday, the men will wait until the next day to try you.' The scout was ęiven a blanket bed,' and was soon asleep- The next day passed quietly, and the scout kept close, for the weather was.intensely cold, and the little" lake was frozen over. Ob Mondaj- the trial of the scout was held, and lie was accused of hunting down tilt- Midnighters to have them hanged, and of killing three of their number; and for these cftmes, as they were called by- the outlaws, he was sentenced to death. "You have but one week to live, and then you are to be hanged. We wilt teach the army men that we outlaws! can strike back and hang- our foes. I ain sorry for you, Scout Cody, for I admire you; but it is the unanimous decision of this band that you die, so .you, will be taken to the guard-house now, to be cnnGned until tlie day -of -your execution, and two men will guard you' by night and by day." The scout -was ted to a- cabiń apart from the others, and there held a prisoner. Thus the days passed until the night before the day of his execution come round. The scout bad tried bribery upon his different guards, but in vain; and he was wondering if the outlaws would dare put him to death on the morrow, as he sat looking out of his cabin door upon the moonlight. It was intensely cold, and his guards were seated close to the fire that burned brightly outside, a few paces from his cabin. * The camp was silent, for it was growj Ing late and as Cody gazed out upoT >n the valley covered with snow, he thought he saw a form advancing towards tiie «abin, and it was envelope* in what appeared "to be a white shroud- Slowly towards the cabin it came, and as the scout, bound hands and feet, almost shrank from the weird being, its arm was raised, a white finger pressed the lips in token of silence, iind the next instant a sharp knife had severed the raw-hide bonds that held the hands and feet of Cody. Np word was spoken, only that finger upon the lips enjoining silence, and then the phantom form beckoned and led the way but of the cabin. The scout saw the two guards, by the fire playing cards, and little dreaming of his escape. Silently he followed his weird guift", walking slowly at first, for his feet were ciambed. but soon getting better ase of them as the exercise set the blood in circulation. Through the pine Limber, down by the frozen lake, and to the barrier in the valley entrance the phantom led the war- There Cody beheld a jarhite horse, and lienr it a fine animal saddled an& bridled- To the saddle hom hung his belt osarms and a bag of provisions while a blanket and bear-robe were rolled up behind the cantle. The weird form pointed to the horse in silence, and when Cody buckled on his belt of arms and mounted, he saw the whiterobed guide on the back of the snowy steed riding away through the timber and beckoning him to follow. And follow he did, while he muttered grimly : 'Td follow that good angel were it a spirit from the grave." CHAPTER XVIIL—A HOT PURSUIT. Just as Cody was thinking of riding up alongside of his ghostly rescuer and getting better acquainted, the phantom rider drew rein, held up.a hand to check him, and thus stood listening for a moment with deepest attention. Then, with a wave of the arm to the scout to follow, the sno^-y horse and his whiie- shroudod rider dashed away like, the wind. Cody weil knew the reason for their sudden flight. His keen ears had -caught the sound of voices behind them, and he knew well that his escape had bee£ discovered, and that they were pursued. Nothing else would call men out upon such a bitter cold night. . TTp to that moment the sćout had been very cold, ior he had on no overcoat, only his. buckskin Jmnting-slilrt. The "phantom" had overlooked an overcoat and globes'ln arranging for his rescue. " "Away wait the white horse and his weird-looking rider, the moon shining as bright as day, and Cody saw that he was being guided by a different trail from the one they had come to the re- treat- He saw, too. -that their traii through -the enow could' be distinctly -Been, and (be pursuers seemed to bęjgaining. A rapid gallop of half an hour brought the phantom to -the banks of a. stream, and Cody (or >the first -time heard- his enide speak. • "Ah, the swift current has broken .the Icel" r i Asthe scout dashedup.tbeweirdform Reckoned to him andaiirged his horse' Sato the rapidly-flowing stream, all choked ,«p with Mocks" of ice. ; • Cody «alled out quickly : - • ''Good heavens? <do not dare that icefiiled stream- it wili be certain death. I will stand -at feay ańd fifeht them!" -< The scout turned as ije spbke, drewjhis revolver, and stood nt liaj-;: The next Instant their® flasbąd into, view halt, a idozenliorsemen,»ne^whpmshputtór -.^'^'TheJra- ls.JjnokenJupiji;- taken io ihe boat end catch them, for they can never cross in safety-" •brasttinted riina^nd ajdaneeliaadfe- -cov»3-e<J the •white horse far out in the stream and breasting -the iej waters and whirling cakes of ice. 3uBt then-the elrd guide loofcedJwck ^toA fcetŁonedaiim^n, Sat ttt^iitte^me Jgsulng a-calj wfatcai *he horse Uiefepout rode ieeanua 4o Jinderstana, tor with a, . neigh Sie plunged into'athe current I ^At the ijame instant Cody JK&eld; a. etout timber boat shnved down "the; - men spring intb it and iseize some oars. The! boat was above him and mot fifty teet away, and a yell . went up as tlie outlaws saw him. Instantly Cody wheeled in his saddle, hie face towards -his pursuers, and 'with deadly effect his revolver began to rattle forth, -"while liis splendid horse, breasting the blotiks of ice, struggled for the other shore. The moon lighted up the weird, thrilling scene of' Cody fighting, for- life as his horse braved the dangers of the iceladen stream. It was a few moments of appalling danger,-of desperate strain upon endurance and nerve, and it seemed long indeed to the scout. But he heard a shout upon the shore for which he was struggling, and to his gTeat joy saw ,as he glanced round, the white steed struggle out safely upon the .bank. He saw. too. that his fire had told EO well t^at the men in the boat had given up pursuit of htui to look io their own safety. They were struggling to turn the boat back to the shepf. A few more minutes of suspense, and the scout felt that his noble horse had reached -the goal, and as he staggered out on the j*hore he saw. the -weird guide still waving for him to follow. He did so, «.nd the guide kept well in advance. Trying to ride alongside again, he saw the white horse quicken Ms pace, and it seemed in vain for the animal the Bcout-xode to and overtake i3m. Thus miles were goM wer, -and .they, were upon ground where no snow had fallen,-and-the echo of their horses' hoofs tang loudly on the crisp air. Determined to find otrt .wlo his weird guide was, Cody urged his tired horse on, but in vain, for the white steed swept on the fleeter, and with a wave of the hand the shrouded rider seemed to bid him farewell, for a moment after he disappeared from view, and Cody the scout was alone. CHAPTER XIX. — REVEALED BY A CAMP-FIRE. When left alone as he was by "his weird guide, called by the prisoner of. Surgeon Powell the Ghost of the Mountain, Cody seemed to feel that his rescuer had thus resented his .determination to i-ide nearer and find out who he was. He waitied for some little while to see Sf he would return, and as he did not, "and he was very cold, almost frozen, he.decided to camp; for he was not at ill in -dread of the outlaws after the severe lesson he had "given them, anti with that stream filled with ice to cross to pursue him. It was so bitterly cold that his wet clothing had frozen hard, and his fingers were benumbea. If he did not build a fire soon he knew- well what the result would be. Sack on ihe trail a short distance he remembered to have crossed a stream in a little vale, with a pine thicket on either side, and there he knew be would be sheltered. He had his box of matches with him, ;or the outlaws had not taken that, and he walked back over the trail, for he was r, too cold to mount and ride. As he reached the little valley there flashed upon him the glimmer camp-fire. At once he was all caution, and hitching his horse he crept forward to reconnoitre. He got quite near, and saw that the camp was in a sheltered spot, and the fire could only he seen from ope direction. He saw a man in the camp, and as his eyes fell upon him he discovered that his hands were bound together, and he was standing against a_ tree, the handle of a knife between his teeth, the point sticking into the pine before him, and he was slowly rubbing the raw-hide bonds with which he was- secured to and-fro across tho edge of the-blade. The scout crept still nearer to have a better view. Suddenly his eyes: fell upon a prostrate form, and as the fire •flared up more brightly he recognised Surgeon Powell. "Heavens, it is Frank PoweJJ! But is he dead or a, prisoner?" So saying, Cody drew his revolver and drew nearer, justas the man cut through the rauł-hide bend, and grasping the knife quickly severed those upon his feet. Then he seized the knife more firmly and turned towards the prostrate form of the Surgeon Scout, while he called out, savagely:, "Now, my doctor pard, all tarms between us is off. and what you has be longs to me." He made a move forward, to suddenly hear the words: "Hands up! Your life belongs te.ine! The sudden revulsion of feeling seemed to fairly frenzy the man, and with a wild yell he wheeled towards Cody, and sprang like a tiger towards him. There was the flash and report of a revolver, and the man uttered a cry of rage, and pain but sail! rushed on. In his half frozen condition Cody well knew that.he was no match Tor the man, and he took better aim, for in the weapon was his last shot- It was true, and the rffan fell at his feet, burying the knife to the hilt in the hard ground. "am' Who fired that shot?' Tire Surgeon Scout was sitting up, his hand to his head, and in' a dazed way trying to recall himself. "Thank God, Frank, you are not dead, as I fedred! I fired the shot and killed the fellow that was going to knife you. But I am too cold'to talk now." And ihe scout went as near the fire as he dared,.and felt its genial warmth. 'Frank Powell still sat on the ground in a. dazed say. Then he put his hand to the back of his head .and Celt a gash there, the cold having congealed" the blood. . .-'. "'I am wounded. Y-es.'T saw Cody ?n chase of a gbost, and was about to brińg the weird crea±ure's horse,down with a Shot, when roy prisoner threw himself upon me, and I fell backward. Tell me. Cody, .are you there, old pard, or "am I dreaming or delirious, for I feel mighty queer?" .... • , : "I am here, Frank, and as near frozen as a man can be and .live.- -Xou did jme chasing a ghosty but it vras one whc liad rescued-.me from the -outlaws, and I left her not' far from here. I was hunting a place to -camp; when I saw your fire, and was just in time to nip that rascal's murderaus intention:" . Surgeon Powell,- . rose to . his TeeU glanced at the deafl outlaw, and, grasping Cody's hand, said: "'S'"'-- "I remember all now, and ouce more. Bill pody; iówe"jfou ; jlfcjtfiii? . .>;- CHAPTER XX-^rllKSOLVEb. - ? ' The two 'friends of "^ hands most -sramly,,eajeh lnio^ng the: -debts rot iife®nititiide other. Then Cody said: jnou,QB : j^Uiare *ict ?wet>ania: frozen sas j Sńing-ró^holrge 5ń"'JiSttpi: 5 in a bad -way, J tear," . Frank I 3 » well jit ^once -went off after! the horse, spon .returned Viih inm* trembling With cold and'led him within: reach of tlie warmth -ol the Ere." The legs jahd Vijeaet «r *4the tanlmgl ,-ęiere jeJdnnedand ł>nuseft3>s^)he ^ce, -ointment from «biB case,'Burgeon Powell rubbea il'jon flfci injuries then jgave -the satatmal a "feowi flresEing ilown, 4*0, throning toe ©Wt- i fair's blanket -over it, led It to the shelterf of .the pines, where his horses were. "Wow, Cody, what tail I do for you? Nothing-, thank you; but let me see to -that wound on your head." "It is a mere scalp wound, for my head struck- a rock when I felk I'll get you to put a~stitch" in it and dress it for me, if. you are warm enough yet." "Oh, yes, I'm as good as new- now;" 'and/the scćrat soon dressed the wound of the surgeon scout, and the two sat down by the fire and talked over their separate adventures for half-an-faour. "Well. Cody, your ghostly_ guide led you by a way across the stream some dozen miles below the swinging bridge; for that outlaw told me they could cross there if the stream was frozen,'and by going by certain guide-points Tf ft . was not. They also -had a boat there, he. told me, and your weird guide evidentlyexpectfd io find the stream frozen over. But 'J-du say that you knew that two of the outlaws were mlssfug ?" "Yes; and tlieir names were the same yqu say your men went by. At first it was supposed that they had been captured; bat, when the discovery was made that they had not gone on their horses to look up the stray cattle, and then that nearly every man in the band had Jjefin robbed, they were siire that they had escaped, for I beard tlje outlaws talking it over." "Well, we can account for .-the two men; and, as you know where to find the retreat of the band, I do not regret tlie killing of the scamps. But now about your- shost. Who is Jt ?** "I cannot tell you. All I know 18 that he. she, or it boldly came to my log priso'n and rescued me, with the two guards playing cards within twenty" feet of the <loor. "The guards evidently quickly missed me, and a pursuit began, for the snow over there was soft and half a foot in depth. Who the ghost is T do not know, more than that the outlaws often spoke of a weird form that wandered about the mountains, and was said to be tlie spirit of a woman. "A woman ?" "Yes." "13c you think • your guide was a woman?" I cannot tell; but if it was a woman, /*. Uen she a brave one and saved my life, for to-morrow was my last day on eąrtli." "They would not liave dared, Cody,' to put you to death." "So I believed at first. But Captain Lawless is a man who fears nothing, and if he was boasting: he played his part well; and from what I saw of him I ain glad the Ghost Guide happened to oo&ie.;™ . "So am I. But now what is to be done?"• •We'll tal^e the trail to the post, get out two-score of our hardy fellows, and make a strike at the outlaw camp quickly as it can be done, for my idea is that we are going to have a rough winter of it." "True; but snows do not lie long here. Now for what rest we can get." The two friends threw more wood on the fire, covered the body of the outlaw over, with respect for the dead which brave men always feel, and turned in. The morning broke bleak, cold, and with driving snow, and the_two friends slept late. They arose greatly refreshed, the comfort of the horses was looked to, the breakfast was got and eaten with a relish, after which the body of the out law was buried. As the horse that had saved Cody was somewhat stiff from its cuts and bruises, it was given the pack-saddle to carry, and the scout mounted the doctor's pack-animal; and after dinner they started upon the trail to the fort, driven back by the force of circumstances, for In the face of the threatening weather it would • be jnadness for them to attempt, unaided to. .do more, against the outlaws. They found the trail of Cody's -guide of the night before, and followed it for several miles; but there the falling snow obliterated It, and they reluctantly gave it up, leaving the mystery of the Ghost of the Mountains unsolved. (To he continued.) 