CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. PENTECOSTAL SERVICES. The concluding services in connection with the Christian Convention, promoted by the Convention Band, were entered u|>on at the Collins street Independent Church, this morning. Itev. W. II. llosken (Bible Christian) presiding. There was a fair attendance, a number of missionary students, from Mr Southcy's and Mrs Warren's Missionary Training Homes iKslng present. The larger proportion of the audience con sisted of ladles:-1 . After devotional sendees, tho chair man read from Paul's Epistle to the Kpheslnns (chapter 3, Verse 14), which, lie said, was one of Paul's most beauti ful prayers. The speaker feared that the prayers that were recorded In Christ's book had not any too much attention paid to them. The apostle Paul knew just as much about Pentecostal' Chris tianity as anything. In saying, "Our Father" we linked ourselves with Christ himself, and Christian people should bo strong In conviction.- and strong In cer tain assurance In their acceptance by tho Almighty. The Ttcv, J. Southey (Church of Eng land), was the second speaker. He read from the Acts of the Apostles, and said that the Church of the Lord Jesus was to he a holy' church, und a . witnessing church. An unholy church could not be a witnessing church, for, If so, It would then be a selilsh church. Every Chris tian student would be with him when ho said that to-day It was the will of God that every member of any body, and every Christian, should be baptised by the Holy Ghost, or, to put it In other words, to be lilted by the Holy Spirit. The spenker'had been through the Scripture again nnd again, and It hud been forced upon him that, In mariy cases of conver sion, tho Spirit of God was not received. Giving his own. ex|>erlenee, the speaker suid that for a time he did not know that there was a Holy Ghost. Ho was was a "white heathen." He urged his hearers to search the Scripture for themselves. Splrit-fllled men made errors of Judg ment, and he would venture to say some of them even stumbled, but what the speaker wanted to bring home to his hearers was, thai the fulness of the Spirit did not merely mean maturity In knowledge. If a brother or a sister were ever overtaken by a fault, "keep God's secret," he urged. If He wanted others to -know, He would make them aware of It, but it was not for us to do the work of prying and spying. Referring to untruths of the present day. tho speaker said that he had noticed, on a recent occasion,, when going to Sydney, thnt half the well-dressed ladies nnd gentlemen In a llrst-cluss carriage had Becond- elnsH .. tickets. (Oh!) lie wondered If they were members of any church,. and If they recognised their dis honesty. He had noticed In a shop the statement, "This Is the cheapest shop on earth." That was a He. for which there was no treason. At the conclusion of the address a gen tleman In the audience asked whether lie understood the. rev, gentleman to say that It was -possible for sinners to bo brought to Christ by means of conver sion, without the assistance of the Holy Spirit? ' The Rev. J, Southey replied that he had said exactly the opposite. The morning service closed with de votions. 