..HE.-NOVELIST. "AH'8 Well that Ends Well." r>l CHAPTER VI. 'On the contrary, you lind better do so, 8ho said, with a little laugh of disdain, 'otherwise I shall bo wondering what extraordinary pranks iny double played. Is this rather a joke, or were you droutii- ' ing? And why did you associate tins may in mourning you met at a inusie-hall with . mol' t jjccauso sue imu juui «» and height. And yours is a face not easily- forgotten.' 'Yours, too, I should never have for gotten had I Been it before,' she said, with simplo earnestness. 'You must know that I loved my father passionately, and that you are very like him. AVhen 1 saw your face for the first time in the full light as 1 stood by the door of Rcvclsworth Mouse to- day, my fathor came catue upon me just at first as a shock. Then all seme of strangeness vanished, and I felt that in meeting one so like my father T was meeting a dear friend. Wo shall be friends, shall we not?' she said, extending her hand towards him with a gesture of gracious friendliness. ' Rut please do not have any more extraordinary dreams about me in unheard-of places doing unheard-of things ! ' Dudley took her hand. ' I hope we Bhall be friends indeed, lie said. ' But you must let me explain one thing in connection with your double last night. Sho did nothing extraordinary. Only a few words passed between us. Then I put her and her companion into a cab, and thsy drove away in the wnl.e of another cab. in which w as another man thoy knew and were most anxious to speak to.' , 'Had you known me ti little longer, Dudley, ' Francesca said, with a light laugh, 'you would not confuse me with ladies who have to chose gentlemen in cabs when they want to sec them. Up to no\v my experience is that it is they w ho w ish to speak to me, and I who do not want to be troubled with them.' She drow herself up proudly, and a warm rose-tint crept over the whiteness of her skin. The road was pcrfcctlv quiet and deserted but for themselves. A\ alkitig along by Franccsca's side, with her hand in his — for she had apparently forgotten to withdraw it— Dudley experienced some thing of the feeling towards Ins beautiful cousin which Mrs. Rcvclsworth entertained \r% fiin onVitPpf. nf hnr niece. In the full perfection of her physical beauty, she seemed to absorb the light and air about her, to demand the vitality of others 'as well as her own, so that Dud ley- had to fight with all his will against t lie magnetic attraction which drew hint closer to her side. Her strong slender lingers were twined round his and held them close, and her eyes, as thoy shone full upon him in. answer to some speech lie forced himself to make about the scene, seemed to hold a half-alluring, half-mocking smile within their depths. With a brusque movement he raised her gloved fingers lightly to his lips and then let them go. Wo mustn't make a sent mental entry into Kingston,' ho Buitl, laughing; and she returned thejlaugh with perfect unconcern. Nevertheless, when Francesca presently stood, pencil in hand, within the telegrnph- office, her eyebrows contracted In a frown as, after a moment's reflection, she wrote the following message— 'To Rivers, Hotel do Rome, bolio, London. Returning to- morrow. Dangers and difficulties ahead. Need your help. Am forming plans. ' Fhancksca. CHAPTER VII. The fair Francesca slept that night in little Betty'B room, and to the hitter's delight, kept her up from ten, by which time Mrs. Revelsworth was in bed, until past mid night talking and asking innumerable questions. Now Betty was a chatterbox— a sunny- tempered merry little creature, who loved the sound of her own voice and of the voices of others. During the live years in which sho liad been the uureimmerated maid, nurse, secretary, confidante, and companion of her elderly relative, she hud had hardly any opportunity for converse with persons of her own rank and age. It was true that Mr. Hennon O'Meara, who lived with his mother just across the Green, and who rented Mrs. Revelsworth s stables, made a practice of calling at Revelsworth House on every conceivable pretext by which he could detain Miss Elizabeth Mannington in conversation ; hut there all intercourse between the two households ended. Mrs. Revelsworth openly denounced Mrs. O'Meara to her doctor and to the Rector as a ' painted harridan' ; while Mrs. O'Mcuru retorted by dubbing the elder lady ' Old -Mrs. Moneybags, and ' that fearful old screw opposite.' 'Poor little Miss Mannington, a martyr to that awful old woman's caprices,' - that was the light in which Betty was regarded in the neighbourhood, where it was charit ably hoped that slio would ' conic in for something handsome' in her employer's will, Betty being an orphan in poor circum stances. From her own point of view- however Betty was by no means deserving of pity. She was not quite twenty, and wholly ignorant of the world. -Mrs. Revelsworth was her godmother. .She had paid for her education, had taken her into -"her house while barely more than a child, '' an'd had promised to provide for her in her will. In spite of the unfavourable imagin ings of the neighbours, Mrs. Revels worth was never unkind to Betty, to whom she was; after fashion, sincerely attached. She was a .sfrongly-prejudieed, opinionated, dictatorial old lady, with whom economy was an eccentricity ; but there were line elements underlying the suporficinlaustcri- ties of her character, and to these Betty Mannington did ample justice. 'You seem really very fond of my aunt Margaret,' Francesca observed that night, as sho and Betty sat in the Ixxl-ronni brushing their hair. It was impossible to imagine a greater physical contrast that which existed between .tho two girls, Bottv in her anxiety to do honour to her queenly guest, had brought out a fino cambric drcssiiig- jacket, trimmed with real lace which she had fashioned from a French model in a ladles' paper, with materials supplied by Mrs JR%o!nworth. The costly elegance of Frflrifcpca's clothing astonished Betty Miss Revelsworth's garments wcro all perfectly now, of tho finest silk and lace, and she unhesitatingly admitted that she had purchased them that morning. ' As soon as I learned from Mr. Simpson of my aunt's position and my own pros pects,' she said, ' I knew that I must he dressed us became the niece of Mrs. Revels worth.' 'Why, I am the second cousin of Mrs. Revelsworth,' cried Betty ingenuously, 'and look how plain my things are.' ' Perhaps you are not fond of little extravagances f I eun't resist them myself.' '1 should love to have them, said Hetty. ' T should love to have silk stockings and high-heeled shoes, and shot-silk petticoats with lace Bounces like yours, and shirts lined with silk, and pocket-handkerchiefs with lace insertion, smelling of delicious perfume. But I can't get tlicin, so I have to he content with cashmere and Lisle thread and mohair.' ' Why don't you ask Mrs. Revolsworth for what you want !' ' 1 do. I say, ' I'm afraid I must have some more pocket-handkerchiefs' ; and she sa vs, ' You can get very good ones in Kingston for sixpence apiece at Brown- lev's. Mere arc three shillings for half a dozen.' ' 1 1 should get two with the three shillings, and ask for some more. You have no moral force,' said Francesca calmly. 'But I suppose you mean to make up for it when you come into some money at her death.' 'Oh, 1 can't hear to think of her dying,' exclaimed Betty. ' I would much rather have her than the two hundred a year I shall have when she dies.' 'Only two hundred. Why, she 1ms over a million.' iV.iu Itnf flint-, will X , of course. You know, I suppose— or, if vou don't, Mrs. Revelsworth is sure to tell you - that, by her husband's will, the llevelsworlh money is to he divided among genuine Rovelsworths, and that at mid summer of next year, a hundred years after the foundation of the linn, it is all to be apportioned as she pleases among the heirs? Met- own little properly, which comes from her father, is quite distinct from nil that.' ' I should think,' observed Franceses retire-lively, us .she took the pins from her long linir and let it fall over her shoulders in a mantle of golden brown shot with red, ' that you must, be tired of the very name of Revelsworth.' ' 1 feel inclined to apologise sometimes for not having been horn in that blessed . . >1 1 I Bt.l,. II -i... < t)..i ...1, ...lw.l SIUIC, MUJJIieu llLK.lt? . MIII,UII, wiittt hair you have. Mow thick it is, and how long and soft. What ail extraordinarily beautiful person you are, Miss Revels worth.' Francesca did not laugh. She walked slowl v up to the looking- glass and surveyed herself critically, hair-brush in hand. In a skirt of shot- gold-coloured silk trimmed with black lace Bounces, and Betty's white cambric and lace dressing-jacket, with her hair falling far below her waist and her starlike blue eyes shining out of her fair face, which was flushed with secret excitement, she appeared, in height, in shape, and in colouring, a perfect model for a princess or queen of fairytale-laud. 'T suppose I am beautiful,' she said, as she gazed at her own rcllcction ;. ' but, Betty — I am going to call you ' Betty,' and you must call mo ' Francesca ' — my beauty lias never dune anything for me. I have never been rich — really rich, I mean ; T have never had my own carriage, my own horses, diamonds, beautiful clothes, furs, dainty lace— never any of the things a beautiful woman ought to have. Now and then 1 have had a little —a very little money, just enough to make mo want more ; but it bus been uncertain — here to-day and gone to- mourow. Why, look at me, Betty ; I am twenty-live, and yesterday morning I hadn't a pound in the world.' There was a suppressed passion about her which half frightened and half fascinated Betty. Clearly Francesca was in an expensive mood, and with Francesca moments were rare. Even now she .seemed rather to he answering some voice within herself than consciously speaking to another. ' You certainly look as if you ought to have all the money you want,' said Betty illugicully, as, seated on a low chair in her pink llamiel dressing-gown, she brushed her short dark curls, and ga/.ed up in unstinted admiration at Francesca. ' But do you want expensive things so much.' I.lo T want them,' Francesca repeated scornfully. ' 1 long for them. You see, Bet ty, J am not an ordinary young English huly. My mother belonged to a very old Roman family- -tho Conti Palace, where she was horn and brought lip, was a splendid place two hundred years ago — but she had no money when she married, and niv father was for ever planning schemes for making a fortune —even aleheiiiy he dabbled in, and wasted thus the money lie made hv his clover inven tions. Wo were one day rich and t he next almost starving. Anil it. has always been like that with me. Again and again a fortune has been dangled before my eves and just beyond my reach, and then ' She stopped abruptly, and glanced down at little Betty, who was watching and listening in fas -hinted interest. 'I don't know why J should chatter like this about myself,' she said, with a light- laugh. ' What are you thinking about it all.' '1 am thinking,' Betty began, ' if you won't he angry with me for saying so, that T can't understand how it is some great nobleman or some enormously rich man hasn't married you long ago, if you cared to have liini.' Frimeeseu Hushed deeply, hut she did not appear offended. ' Perhaps I am difficult to please,' sho said, ' or perhaps I am not for all tastes — what do you think of my cousin Dudley.' It was Betty's turn to grow red now. 'Me is very lien Isome,' she said, 'and just the least hit like you about the eyes and forehead and chin. Both your chins look so determined ; I only hope you and lie won't ever have u quarrel,' « Why?' 1 Well, it would he war to the knife between you, T should think. You have both thut sort of look, as if you wouldn't give in, and rather as if ' ' As if what. I won't bo offended.' ' As if you wouldn't forgive in n hurry cither.' Francesca laughed. I don't think I very vindictive,' she said slowly, as she drew a comb through the long "strands of her shining hair, ' unless people come in my way.' 'I shouldn't like to come in your way,' said Betty decisively. ! 'You are an odd little girl,' exclaimed I Francesca, with her soft musical laugh. 1 But I haven't halt' finished my questions j yet. I am dreadfully anxious to hear all i about ghosts. Why, Betty, you have grown quite pale at the very name. Do you l-enlly believe there is anything wrong "in this house. J lave you ever seen any th in yourself.' 'It lsnt seeing, winspereil i>eliy, glueing nervously round her — ' it's hearing.' ' What. Chinking of chains, or groans, or anything horrid like that.' ' Worse,' saiil Betty, rising and coining close up to her. ' A rustling — a rustling of silk — along the passages. Oh, I've heard it again and again. There is no mistake possible.' 'Well, but what does it mean,' asked Miss Revelsworth, her colour coming and going as rapidly as Betty's had done. 'You must know this house was origin- all' built in the reign of Henry VIIT.,' said Betty, in low frightened tones ; ' and, when Elizabeth held her Court at Hamp ton Court Palace, she had a maid-of- honour, Mistress Catherine Penfold, who was born and bred in this house. This yonng lady made the great mistuke of flirting with one of Queen Elizabeth's sweethearts — Leicester, it is supposed to have been. Anyhow, the queen found it out, and was furious, and dismissed Mis tress Catherine, who came here to her harsh und angry father and mother, and straightway pined away and wept herself to thread-paper until one cold winter day her hoilv was found floating ill a lialf- frozeil river just where the lock is now. History doesn't say whether it was by murder or by suicide that she met her dcatli ; but at night she can he heard rustling up and down the passage outside this room and the one above, and passing in and out of the room which was once her own.' 'Which room is that.' 'A little one at. the end of the passage up-stairs. On this lloor, besides Mrs. Revelsworth's big drawing-iooni in the new hay part, there is her large bed-room and her dressing-room leading out of it, and then my room, which is a good size, as you see. But tip-stairs the onlv large room is in the bay above the drawing- room ; then there are four small rooms, three of which used to communicate, und III I. Ill COIIICI Will »» 1111.11 !"> Ill/ ijlllll- and called the ' Haunted Room,' Mistress Catherine used to sleep. There is a por trait of her in a dress of yellow brocade hanging up there now. This house used to he called Penfold House once, you know. Servants who the l-uslting for the first time gener ally give notice. But really I oughtn't to frighten you like this — you look quite pale. Are you afraid of ghosts, like me. T always drag the bed- clothes over my ears at night lest I should hear Mistress Penfold passing.' 'I believe in ghosts,' Francesco answered gravely, ' hut T can't say T am afraid of them. There is very little that I am afraid of, T should love to sleep in the haunted room and see Mistress Catherine rustle in and out ; T would get out of bed and make her a deep curtsey, and say, 'What ails you, Mistress Catherine.' ' 8he held her silk skirt in her hands and made a deep how, her loosened hair falling over her face and about her shoulders. Bcttv was watching her, half laughing and half frightened, when clearly on the ears of both girls the big clock in the tower of the adjacent stables boomed out the hour of midnight, and, between the strokes, a strange rustling shelling .sound made itself henrd — a sound like the rapid moving about the passage outside of some somein a stiff silk gown. Uttering a little scream of terror, Betty rushed to the bed and buried her head among the pillows. Outside, Tvan the borehound was heard growling and fidgeting before Mrs. Revelsworth's door. For a moment only Francesca grew pale and cold with fear, the next mastering the sensation, she snatched up the caudle from the dressing-table and, creeping on tiptoe to tho door, threw it suddenly open, and, holding tho candle aloft, peered up and down the passage. Tho green felt-covered .swing-door to the left was still moving, Fraiicesea's keen gaze noticed this, and this, and, disgarding Ivan's angry growls, she darted swiftly down the passage in t lint direction. In a few moments she re-entered tin; bed room, where Bettv had been left in terror in tho dark, with a smile lurking in her eyes. 'Oh, do come in ami shut and lock the door,' whispered Betty, raising her small dark head out of the pillows. ' And tell me what- you have seen,' 1 Nothing at all,' Francesca replied, as sho put tho candle on the table. 'I heard her, though, rustling upstairs, It's dreadfully strange.' ,Oh, don't talk about it in that liloud- curdlingly calm way,' cried Betty ' or I shall certainly dream.' But, when the girls at length retired to rest, it was apparently Franeesea and not Betty who was troubled by dreams. For, when towards morning Bettv woke anil saw tho pink light of earlv dawn peep through morning the .shutters upon the slumbering loveliness of Frimccsea's face, her lips wore parted, and Betty heard her murmur softly in her sleep 'A million of money a million.' (TO lit: fiOXTIXL'KII.) 