GENERAL NEWS. This morning's issue comprises six pages. • The driver of one of the suppliers' carts at the Glenoraiiiton Butter Factory met with _ a painful accident on Monday morning. As the milk was being sent up in the lift his finger got jammed be tween the hook and one of the handles of tho can and was severely lacerated. He was taken into Terang where he received medical attention. The will of the late Mr. John Walls of Caniperdown, was lodged for probate on Monday. Tho property, which is valued at £2379 realty and £1489 personalty, i. bequeathed unreservedly to hit wife. The will was mido on February 7,180". Ix view of the approaching retirement of Cr. J. \V. Dowling from the llatnpden Shire Council, consequent on his departure for Queensland, a number of ratepayers of the north riding have approached Mr. J. L. Currie, of Larra, with a request to allow himself to be noraiuated for the vacancy that will occur, and he has con sented to do so. M*. Dean, Inspector .> f Schools, paid ats annual surprise visit to the Camper down State School oo Monday morning and found everything in order and the work satisfactory. The following is his report:—"The premises are very tidy and in good order. The time tables are suitably constructed and well followed and the staff judiciously distributed. A good amount of work wae dooe this morning. InatniHioo.—This it five* with ear* and. Mai, and Us rlaasii show good pregrea* since the May euaiaatioo. A fond lesson on proportion was given to the fifth dees. The dictation leteun is the boys' division iv well given. len (tease* with the progress of the school and care shown in the hoae work. Drill satisfactory. Discipline very goo.. Be eords ap to daU. It will be leant* with pUatare that Mr. K. M'Arthur is promesmg as favourably M ?mM be expectea\ thong, the Jotton nmmnt yet aaeertain whether his satfct has hw a*** by hi. ..forUalt. aaaiaowL THE shop of Mr. King, news ai;tmt, of Cobdeu, narrowly escaped desi ruction l>v fire on Tuesday evening. At about nii o'clock Mr. King closed the premium, leaving everything as ho thought s?fe, Imi an hour later flames were seen to he isxu ing^from the back. The alarm ??* ~i once given and assistance procured, nnd m a very short time tho fin- was extinguish.,l No explanation can be civen an to t1,,. origin of the fire, which, if it h?d not l.v.v discorerw] in time, would probably huv destroyed the whole bbirk. It in t-Htim ,t.-,l that about £30 worth of duinitgu ?? done. The Secretary of tho Hamudeu au.l Heytenbury Hoilicultum! Sucic-ty lias n oeived a do.idliun frum Mr. K. AlmiifuM of £1 for the best table docoi-ation hi i1,, -wiring Bhow, and £1 In from Mr. \V. a Tnylor to be allotted by the coinmitt<-r A uHost sittiu? on a rail fence nt Ilmml ton was Been recently, it is alleged. Tii >i w?? before the show. Since the ulioiv il. ghost has been inriuble, and this iimy Im-. lin some occult may, the explnn?tioii < i another and deeper mystery. Thu cm inittee of the Btmiltun P. and A. Society have been serioutly pondering over v statement that there were frum (JOO t.. 1000 more people at the show thix yem than U*t, bat they cannot recouciln tlm estiiuate of an increased attendance with a decrease of £13 in the receipts. I'd. discrepancy has teen worrying the com rnittec, and one member volunteered the information that the turniitilea were work itig badly, while mother hiwssrriVil the opinion that some <>f the crowd got out the fences or through them. Them explanations luwo not been received ?nl, satisfaction, (or. though n turnatilo nuy work bidly, it is not in (lie direction , f letting ? person thrnugh without pnym;.- The other idea that there nre OCX) f..lk m Hamilton so mean tkut Ihey wouli) i. ■■•, pay to see the show is too abaurd n. '.. considered for a moment. Of cout?e • the estimate of the attendance ix err.-i ■. then the loss to the society would i>u ~i i £30 instead of £13. However, ?. •!,.■ g|io?r fades into the liuitin of for.-. ■■■■ thing', the estimate of (lie nttciul.; • may be gradually modified, wpi-u.,; when some bats fit their owners' ln-mi- . of yore. Meanwhile the gliottt, <>r a in< other spirit, seems to be responsible ; • the deficiency. A VERY serious accident happened Saturday night to Mr. Williitm K}ii?, .■y ears of age, who residua wppm-iiv ■'. K?riiiK?l [H*t office. Hh Hits drivm. i trap along tbe Mepungn ruad ?l?ti il. vehicle getting into a rut capsized, .'M he was thrown heavily on the n*l, '..■ fall rendering hint insensible. A I- y accompanying Mr. Ryan went in m-?i I. of help, which was obtained within ?^v an hour. A mediual nun was n--ir f.i. and upon arrival he found that Mr. U>.n was completely paralysed. On Moiuliy the sufferer was in better health. •?. i hopes ate cutetttined that he will fin vise, but it is feared that lie will In' paralysed for life. At the half yearly meeting of I lie (i.v long District Uutter and Cheese Fact, i y I ha report nhowed that o|>emUoi>K hu.l i ■ suited in a loss of £21<J His Gd, which ? - attributed to the eiceptioimlly bad ?i'*~ n During that term £1501 10§ ticl had In. n paid for niilk. Tho amount received f i the (ale of butter in the colony b-h?£lM" 2b lOd, and £7 12s 7d was obtained f r butter-milk. An important divorce decision *?• given by the Full Court in the Synmrm > Simons case on Monday. Churl.- Nathaniel SmuiDii claimed a divorce front his wife, Emily Mathilda Simons, on the ground of' desertion, tbe peculiarity nf the case being th?t whilst Mrs. Simons continued to occupy her husband's house. I the treated him (or throe years as an utter stranger, refusing to have anything at all to do with him. Mr. Justice A'Beckett was of opinion that it was noi necessary to entitle the husband to rr dress that he should hare marked tin' conduct of his wife by some act which would have attracted the notice uf other*, such as leaving the house or providing the lady with maintenance elsewhere, no by continuing to live in the same house he may have hoped to soften her obduracy and make a return to marital relation* more easy. He considered that the faci juetified a finding of desertion, mid th" other judges were of the name opiuiun. The rainfall recorded at the Shire 11..11 Camperdown, for the present muntli m ow 4*oo ins. SptAKISQ in the Legislative Assembly an Tuesday in the course of the doUu on the reduced postal deliveries in On- I Melbourne suburbs, Mr. Austin said h* I considered that before the Postmaster General acceded to the request made ho should take cognisance of the fact that ilie country districts had fur a long tinn* suffered severely from retrenchment m the I'o&tal; department. It seemed th;it as soon as there was any attempt at re trenchment in that department in the city and suburbs there was an outcry. In his electorate people in some paitawere paying out of their owu pockets to have letter* delivered. A fatal accideut happened on Monday afternoon at Mardie's llill, near Buiiin yong, when a lad named James O'Council, aged eight yean, a son of Mr. James O'Connell, lust his life. The Ud wih sitting on a load of wood, the boron hciir; driven by a man named Thomas MMmiii, who was in the employ of the boy's father. Whilst descending a hill aonio of the wood fell on tbe horse's back, causing it to bolt. When near the boy's home the lad was thrown off tbe load, tho wbm.l going over him. lie was picked up in an unconscious condition, and expired within an hour. A vionebux named Valentine Plattfus, was crowing Simpson's punt, Echuca, cm Sunday afternoon, when ha developed serious illness, and stated that he hail been bitten by a Eunice. A jrehicle was obtained, and I'lattfus was driven to Echuca. On the patient's arrival there. Dr. Eakins examined him, but though the body was quite warm, life was ex tinct. Deceased was bitten on the left arm. It was hid practice, when driving along the road, tv natch for snakes, ami on seeing one he would take it by the tuil and crack it liko a whip, breaking its back. Wiies the New South Wales Assembly met on Tuesday, Mr. Young, Minister ?f Works, rose to make an explanation re garding the charge of bribery and corrup tion and unconstitutional action as a Minister, which had been freely made in connection with the part he took in advo cating Mr. Smith's candidature in die llastings election, lie submitted that ho was well within his lights in going to the Hastings electorate, and that he had not done a tingle thing there unbecoming !>i? poaition, and ho invited the appointim-iit of a aulect committee to inquire into bis actions. The question of the sloepor supply is at present causing considerable anxiety t? both the construction and the mainten ance branches of the Railway department. The new railways already authorised will absorb about 200,000 sleepers, and an equal nonber will be required during the n?xt sight or nine months for the main- Unane* of the existing lines, making ? total requirement of 400.000 for the cur rent financial year. The price hitherto nilinc for deepen has been from 2s HJ to 3i?d each, according to the locality in whjck ther were needed. The price has alrsad* a4rasc*d bjr Od in some districts, •ad Win others. The department re eently called for tenders for the supply "' 90,000 sleepers for the mallee line from Birehip te Cronooiby Tanks, but the offers —at in ware at such a high rate that con tract! foe not one-third of that number m?Uhebt. In tho West Australian' Legi?lstive;AiT-. sembly on Tueafinyi the /Premier ■ drew attention to: a .paragraph in'thir?1 Knl< poorlic Miner,V cominnutiugonn^cortaih disngrcemGutnllogcd to havo. takon place iit or about tha refreshment room between" Mr. Picsse, tho Commissioner of Works; .md Mr. Gcorgo, uiomber for. Murray. Under tho Parliamentary Privileges Act, 24 Victuriiv section 14, tho Premier moved that this. House • directs" the rAt-~ torney-Geneml to prosecute; bofore^tho Suprtmi) CourL, iho proprioturs and pub lishers of tho " Knlgoorlio Minor^hows. |ih|kt, for having in its issue of 23rd ScptembL-r, published a scandalous libel ~v two members tif. this .Houspili^The, uiotiim was seconded 'by, Jtr^VPfossoj nnil can ied v. A motion ,_ wR*;f ; "!*•: rsirinl tlmt . steps V .?o„ 1 taken '\ *,to ilt>d>v?r tho orifiin.itor of-tliesb ftljc- L':iii"iis, tvith the view to his prosecution,' nr "f his cxcliiHinii from the precincts of ihe Huiise. Mr. George opposed bnlh motions, nud said nobody could regret nhit had occurred more than ho did ;' bat liv did not think nny g?od could"come' from dmyjjing the nawB|iapdr before the Supreme" Court for haying;'criticised'ah. unfortunate uCourrciiceV v :^ : v -'•—?• ■ Dii:lxg tho ptogress of the hunt on Saturday (writes the Muitlilto !?4.Di?. patch,"} iltivcii by Thomas UoarJ. .were making good prioress uloug tho Ararat road to | vet n second view ?f the ■ hunUmco,' and when near Sir. J. Jones' the -horse suited s,iuliknly.. mid tho back hqaid giving way nil the inJs were turned topsy turvy intu tho roadway, a coil of barbed wire following jui-t missed falling on a couple of them. It was reported tiist one' of tho youmjbtcr.*, E. Txleman, was seri ously hurt, hut >vo are pleased to learn all escaped with v flight nod good shaking. Waits Mr. A. Hyde was driving in a buggy in Morsl.iko, one of the sliafts dropped out,striking the horse and causing it tci bolt. Mr. Hydo was thrown ou to the road hut esnijied nith no more serious injury than n bruised elbow.. A curious experience fell to the lot ot one of the best known amateur cyclists in Geelong whilst he *\as pivweediug home wards via Malop -street, recently. Tie bail occasion t" |.:lss r. plneum oiutninin& four jouiij ladiv.s, one of n liotn flourished a whip in a milliner peculiar (<> the fair sex, and the la.'li coiled round the neck of the cyclist. The latter wangling much faster than tho hotsre, and (here was a tug of w:>r for the jOMre-wi.in of the whip. It ended in favour of the cyclist, though he was nearly iliri.u'o! befnni he got nwny with tbi' whi(l hnndli! trailing at tho rear of his inacltin?. The pressure having been relieved, the cyclist uncurled'the Hsh, and restored tho whip to its fair owner, who was profuse in the expression of regrets. The wheelman still carries a iimk .ibiut his ueck as a relic of the peculiar incident. Use of the t] -sing acts in connection with the stirring little dnunaufthorobbcry nf the 15:it.1; of Victoria at IVnshurst look jil.ee on Monday morning, when Superiu teudeiit Ijtrk-.u hauded over to the na".;_i,T '■{ the Aiant branch tbo sum of £.V>."> ;is 3-.!, found wlicu the rubber of the hank, .lames SUttery, was arrested. O.ve day Ust weok, while the steamer Chimjtu w?s in jiort, n customs officer whs s?!.(!ii>!icd to see a nietai teapot flying thrnuiih the nirfrom tho vessel's deck to the pier, where the catch was cleanly ukt;i by a coloured man, evidently standing there for tho express purpose. Before the individual who bad effected tho etch linl time to put the tenpot out of ?ii'ht, he was seized by the officer nnd dispossessed of his prize. The teapot was fi.uiid in cont.iiu 01b of tobacco. Tho coloured innn. who proved to bo one of tin' ("liiii^tu's firemen, his dince been tint.''! £2 5s '.) 1 on the ground that be was attempting to smuggle. This amount. represents three times the duty on the tubicco, as well .is a rimilar proportionate penally in respect to tho teapot, the duty mi "Inch would ordinarily, hare been 3d. The department wits unable to ascertain by whom the teapot was thrown.- The Commissioner of Customs has also inflicted fi line of 13s G.l on the quarter-master of the mine uteamer, this being three times the amount of duty on some uncustomed cumvs that he was carrying ashore. The Queensland Premier, Mn.T. J. liyrnes, whose death occurred on Tuesday was born in Brisbane in November, 1800, and was educated nt the primary school, B.wen, where ho won two State school x-hnlarships, and entered the Brisbane Grammar School, where he won the Lilley );old medal three rimes. Subse quently he was successful in the junior elimination at Sydney University, and at the Melbourne University raatricnla turn examination passed first on. the list, miJ ?vii an exhibition to tlic University. He also won several scholarships, and graduated with honors, taking-the 8.A." and L.L.B. dograeg. lie was called to the bar in Victoria in 1884, sod th4n returned to Queensland, where he- read in the chambers of Mr. Heal for one year, ?nd commenced practice in ISSS, speedily obtaining a leading-..; position ?t..th? ■Supremo Court bar." Iv August, 1890, be accepted a seat in tho Legislative Council; ?ith the post of Solicitor-General in: the Gnffith-M'llwraith Ministry. ;r.He:;?uc ceeded Sir Hugh Kelson aa Premier: this Arrcn an open air "demonstration" in Sydney on Monday evening Mr.- Barton; ?&? entertained at supper by p number of his admirers at the Australia" Hotel. In response ti> the toast (>f lvi health, Mr. Bin on delivered a speech, tn~'which *he"' Jn.Tily attacked the Reid Slinittry is ?n::-federal. He eaidthe poisoner had called his poison "mother^ syrup" in vjh). At last, when the Ministry was entering on its fifth year, the scales were filling from the people's eyes; and now they knew what, was to be the fato of the impostor. - He denounced Mr. Reidas-an impostor. Tho question lit whether the. t-jrper was to be allowed to retain office. Ho did nut think he would. The federal pirty would not allow the usurper to reuu. He eondeaaned. at length the ac:i.-n of the.Premier and the Minister far Works in taking part in' the Hastings >ni Macleay contest.- --Before he con cluded. Mr. Barton called for three cheers {•>r •' decent government and federation," which were heartilyrgiTeni? — * * I'.'ur.tl tale onSatuplay next.- - A typhoid epidemic is raging in the Laang dLMriel. The Hamilton Hospital ha* an overdraft. ?f UOOO. _ -, <-'npc weed is spreading rapidly in the •iWnormiston district." " " There have been 3.47 inches of rain in MortUke tbto month. A pasteurising plant is to be erected at tht Scott's Creek creamery. Sheep-stealing is reported to be very fre- I'-n-Rt in the Keilambcte district. There will be comparatively few sheep to M shorn at Mount Noorat this year. The Terang rainfall for this month i? donMc that ofScptembcr of last year. A start has been made with the new gram! stand on the Terang racecourse. A couplo of Terang anglers drove to ? arnumbool on Sunday aniFcnnght 10 dor fish. sir Herbert Kjtthcncr his been raised to tj1-1-' p^rago in recognition of his ?erviccs in tin: SjuJan. The daily supply at ihe Culac Butter r.Mnry au.l its creanicries is now 15,000 gallons. A liMaar id to he heM at-Timboon in Xo- Y'ri'*r in aid of tlie Timboon Mechanics' institute. . Mr. Uyrws, the Premier of Queensland, "".I ~n Tuewlay from failure of the heart's "■Kin. • lie mortality amongst cowh in the Glen ?fini?t-m ilistnct through milk fever still ' Tho sum of £3 7* has been colleotcd st HcxhanvrarU for,file Melbourne Children's HospiUllWbliJy ftuTO?; <'.p.:; ■>>• . | Tlio Ilcytosbar}- Shire Council will have otout i'2ooo to apcud ia. works during the ,oHirrent year. ■n-i*i"^i-?--*! • Uissatiafactipn is,being" expressed, locally at tho pliink for f lib uoiv post and telegraph dfficsat Tyrang..,,.. .-.,--r ■•. i ' ' Tbo movement to form a detachment of .Mounted Rifles inTornng is meeting with encouraging support. \ A number of ballast trains have been' running betweenCampcrlown and Timboon forMVeraliUya'paSit, ' - ■'■* i i The Government steamer Lady Loch has been at Port Campbell, where a new set of buoyshftsi?inAwd- T'^v'^'fi \- ■ Tho avenge! pneor for'butfor'fat paid by tlio Koroit Butter Factory.during the past , 12 months was S;6Td peHb :,. The death' Is announced of Mr. : Win. Redmond, M.P., one of the leading mem ucraotthoTarnellitoparty. •.;■■-■ ' ; • • ; Owing to the increasing weakness in the wheat market, roller flour is now quoted in Melbourne it'£7 loa per ton. ' . ~ . ; Thk annivcrsarjl social of tho Tenihg Branch of the A.X.A. was held on Friday o\\-cnin'g and was very successful. : I Mr. !•:. IT. Anstin, M.L.A., has a pair of prite'turkeys imported from America. ' The hen weighs 19JH?hhd tbe gobbler 331b5." I The Ciitliolic hall takes' place in the Me-' 'chanica': Hull to-morrow ovcuing. An ox ccptionally large attendance is anticipated. The sum of £11,000 hu been raised by the Lord -'Mayor of O&hdon-; for tho relief of die sufferers by the hurricane in the West Indifs. .. -■-.: ' ~ , ...;•,",' . "■■"■ •■■ .->". i (The series of dances held at Xoornt during the winter months was brought to a close •in Friday evening by a most successful social. , Tho tender of A. W. F. E per ton, luu been accepted for tho supply of lift .wood to Iho Government offices in CoUe. '• ' '" : ' ■" . ■.' ,- -/ The Oolao Sbirc Council is applying for ?'20,000 for works in the Otway forest ont of the special grant to fifth and sixth class shire*. . Mrs. Rcc?l, wife of Mr. J. Reed, State school teacher at Colic, died on Saturday from puenmonia, supervening on an attack of measle*. Mortlakc heads the list of subscribers in the colony to tho ltallarat "Church Chronicle" with 105, Warrnambool being next with 91. . . ■ r ; ...-.' , A confirmation service was held in St. Mary's Chnreh of England, Cobden, on Monday evening, by Itinhop Cooper. There were six candidates. The skull of the Malidi, whose tomb and body have been destroyed by a nephew of General Gordon, has been sent to the Royal Colltga of Surgeon*, London. Three dead snakes were carefully coiled op under one of the seats in theTereng Purk the other day, aud a lady in a delicate state of health on seeing then fainted. Mr. R, Kairlie, n permanent-way man on tho railway near Tcrang, had his fingers crushed a few dayi ago through getting them caught between an iron bar and one of the rails. The shooting nmonpat the member*'of the Camperdown Bifle Club for the Dennis trophy of COO rounds of ammunition, takes place nt tbo butts to-day. oommencing at 1.30 p.m. I ■ Out of 15 members of the Terang Ladies* Corps of tbe St. John's Ambulance Society who presented tliemsclve* for examina tion 13 puscd. One of the candidates ?buincd 99 per cent, of marks. 