CLIPPINGS. ' She was a biiiliaut anthotess, who who had exchanged the stoi m nnd »nt'.s of town life for the pe.ict- of an old .world village, in orler .to finish her latest work of geniu'. The pus' mis' ie*s. at whose housi; she lived, hnd spread lei famo all over the paiish, and tin authoress was so pleased witii her stay iliac, on coming away, she invited nil the village to supper. 'I, must thiril of something that will surprise them,' she said, with the look usually reserved for the moments devoted to her immor tal novel. Just: a week lif-fr- re 'he full moon membeit of villiiirn Sncie.ty were in receipt of (in in ty tintes, which invited, them to attend n ' Ti-mi.-stono paity »t 11 p,m, on the rii^htnf f.tiH intioii ' Mini further i'eq-iesied that each gne should be pteiwired to toll a ghost sto-y, or at least some thtilling and blood curd ' ling talo. EveiyotiH1 was aghiist, bu- .curosity was stronger than dismay.' When the fateful night came round and the guests presented tliem-elves' nt the door they- uere met by the postmis tress, who, with many whispered com mentfi, led them out of thi» side dooi, along a path through the grove to the old graveyard. There in i lie moonlight, among the tombs, was the hostess ; and rugs nnd seats were scattered about between the graves. The celebrity was in gr«at feather. She w&s; charmed with her idea, and only wished that her (.own friends could be with- her instead of the villafieis, who might not, appreciate thu 'aitistio umrbidneHs of of the thing. '. The gue-ts being se.att'd, the story telling hegaiv The guests were loo stunned or tno:'motlest to enter the competition, but. the hostens was loaded. She told ghost stories with a ghastly finish that gave her artistic soul the keenest saiisf.iclion. Her hearers wriggled uncomfortably and looked over their should©™, their, blood ran Cold us the i-toty teller gi'ew more dra matic nnd the stories more ghoulish. The L-rnvestoneB shone white in the moonlight. i\w. ?celebrity's voice sunk lower, the rattling of a pebble niade the gin-sis' teeth chatter, and when a but il'W u cross the moonlight their hair stund up. When the 'hostess finally ended a tiile -of goie and sudden 'death aud supernatural punishment, nrrd mi announced that they wouhl adjourn to the hou-e, most nf the cuests weie .-o limp with fear that, th'y ciiuld htirdl.v mo*e, und a few of them stole iicrosf the In « n and made, for home, icgaid lessi'f the cukes mid decorated «»nd wit-hex. But the hostess was elated. ' AVImr nn idfu 'it, whs?'* she on id, rii pt in oui-ly, to the cro»d. ' An even ing of delicious horror. Gould anything lie more perfect 1 If one could only -do it 'in'. 'London !' And she didn't notice that the itssenf. wn« n. trifl-- forced. TIip complimentary banquet givpn by the Spimish Gmenil Toral to the American officers in Santiago, at which landittoiy speeches were made, swoids and revolvers exchanged, &c;, immense ly nmused the Biitish Soldiers in Egypt. A poe.ticil Tommy Atkins, in Cairo, writes the following : — ' 'Ei-6's a go fiom Santiago, ' ere's a Funch and Judy war. Your parlour giinie of buttle, with di 'rrction's as 'to use ; 'Ete's 'rtimony and 'nppiness. 'Ete's peace without a flaw, With spppohpsarter dinner, and eipolo gies pi-ifuse. They culls eaih o:her ,'eroes, whort thev'rf- allns pinnd lo mept. If they've had *heir bit o' thunder, well, it wasn't out, o* spite. They sing- each olhei's Anthims -ollin' 'onu' nlonc i he street, And ' opes they've, stowed tho '^fccho out o' mind and nut n' sicjit. Whort u d'i-i,m O1 pulfick love, Ucn and Yankee and in glove, For one is kind and couitly, and the other covt-'s pmli'e. ' But it wouldn't wosh in Eijypt. 'Ere yon 'ai to fight to kill, Where the Fuzzies fnce tho music to the Inrst r-xpirin \ell, 'Cos iho Dervish Hiiriji kids 'em on the movniii' of the mill, If they dies they »o to Alia, while yer 'nmble goes tn 'ell. . ... . So there iiin't nr preiiy spurchf-3, or a ?bii'iinn'et tarblf'-doat, ? ' ? : No Rwoppin' swords and shooters, . an' sfllections by\ the bund. Their warm and kortly grcetin' is a sIhnIi hci'iiss ihn tin on tr, And you're left to feed the:. vulchers in a OordtforsJuken liind. ' Yti'', the foe we '«?» ter fiyht I-n'i aif a bit pRi- lite, When e' ci»p-- you in a corner and e' gits I he upper 'and. ' As for 6ghting tint in' Cuby j now it's jist occurred to me Thete wasn't nmny bullets wounds a KnopKii',: I'onna iinnuc ; ' Cos you're not 'a goin' a-lookin' for a paralytic 'spree, With a winder in ver systim, where yer life's H-peepin out. If yor wauls to see a scrimmage, where ihe fiuhtin's'ieil ai-d raw, Where the. wiister i-n't, wanited in the shoolin' rank «nd file, Keep yer eye on Gyp and Tommy when thev start tlit; aiitnmn war, To Smoke the Fnzzi' W tizzy . froni 'is dung 'ill up the Ni'e. Drinkiu' ealth--'i dshnotin' mules Might be Yii'ik.'-Spa-.iko rules, . But, gimme 'ol^Sfine slorler in the good dd -BritUh style.' Sho wa-- the ' iiest littln woman' in the world,' nnd «Iip I'nunccdMuio tin 'room, gave Ch ules n dimful smack, un skfi'reied hi i hortitultui'nl cieation tossed her j icket on to the sofa, and, slitting het iph, oliseived enthnsixiti cjilly, ^ ' I went ti) 'he loveliest funetal ll-is afternoon.' ' Did von datlingl Whose wns it V . 'Oh, I forgot to inquiie I 011I3 went for the ride, yon know.' 