THE NEW "SPOOK" IN LIMITED LIABILITY, \- — j £1 shares in shadowland. a home for ghosts. spiritualistic speculators. i he riituiUar adage that " Hope springs elernul in the human breast" could never bo more strlklugly exem- pliUed than in the onao of those »:i rollers into the mystery of thu in- finite, who class themselves under the general term of "spiritualists," Indeed, If there Is one tiling slill more wonder ful than the extraordinary poverty of the "manifestations." it » tlm tenacity with which your true splrftualWt sticks to Ids convictions. To the general pub- He. "Cisslc," aud "CSeordie," and "Jose phine." after the Sydney cxjiosure, mean nothing hut so many comblua- eil in the most clumsy way. But thera nre iiien here In Mvlbouniwnml- men. too, of high Intelligence, who. though policy forces them to be silent, still cherish the belief that "C!sle" and her comrades were genuine visitors from spirit laud, and that the ".Sunday Times" reporter who grabbed the ghost, and found the medium iuslde It. was himself tui uticousclons medium, who, by magnetic force, or some other unex- plained means, materialised "Cbwle." In these modem days of nn- holier, it Is truly refreshing toliuri people who preserve a simple and child like faith. For, nfter till, the great es sentials of'the true spiritualist are to have faith— and not to mind the gas being turned nut. But it appears of lute that the spooks are tired of waudering up and down the face of the universe, like so litany spl- Httmlistie lost dogs, without even an ethereal corporation otllclal to gather them in aud uflW thoui at least it tem porary accommodation. Your genulue ghost is a sociable person, lie wants Mime place where he can sit dowu or evenings. ami smoke Ids pipe and perhaps indulge in a quiet game of billiards with Impalpable eties aud bulls, or exchange the late.-t news of Shndowlund with some other decent Imdy— we beg pardon, spirit— of his own profession, lie misses the quiet ttud cosy churchyards or the old couutrv. The glare and glitter of the mmleru tie- cropolls appals him by Its uiigiiificeneo. Thus It is that to meet this long felt want tin? "Sprlrituulistlc Proprietary Company, of Melbourne." lias sprung Into existence. The prospectus of that body— strange how the word will creep lu— Is now liefore us. "The want, ttm actual necessity, of n 'Home' of our own." so runs the o|>eiiiug sentence, nas long liven |»ateut to nil true spirit ualists." Therefore it is proposed tit purchase tlie Congregational Church, Victoria Parade for to |N> stilt- scribed iti LI shit rex. Tim business ,|0. tails are set our with a cold realism that i seems at first sight n little .nil of place iti such a connection, did we not rolled that n fine display of arithmetical necu- racy has ever been the leading feature ol nil "shadowy" schemes. We con fess ourselves that nothing. but the up. tortiuiatc fact font the share list closed on the 11th of .March, prevented us from liecomlng an eager participant hi the venture, it would have ik-cii an inter esting place to drop into after "TV 1 erahl" had gone to press, and should like to have had a varn wlr- n<> rodotux, or obtained Shakespeare- mil- nlon on tlie Uoutgeu rays, and win flier, or not they were Injuring the ghost business. Also, we had a partlenlarde- xlro to know whether "Herald" repnr- ers, after being "diss, si." still pervaded the atmosphere iMithering the eheruhim for copy. Utifortunateiv the choice is gone— vanished into thin alr-we nniv not stihscrllm our imund notes, but at least our splrlttmllsti,. friends mav de- peud on our good wishes. 