A Barren Victory CHAPTER XXV. mnE . weather had taken ano ejw ther turn; tho sky was . lowering and gray, tho wind that ctnne sweeping over tho Rumbles and blow ' across Gnrthdalo was searching and piercingly shrill, and in the gardens at Cnphcatou the leaves were rustling down in showers. It will rain presently,' Patty saidiorhodingly.' ' 1 know it will, Lticindn ! Just look at tho hsky ! And that dctestablo baro- ':»etcr in tho hall has twisted it- " self round I don't know where. Just my luck. I boliovo.the clerk of tho weather must liavo n personal spite against me. What a nuisance it is She stood with hor hands be hind her at tho window of the morning-room, pouting disconten tedly as she looked out at the .gray prospect and tl.e falling leaves. Of her two ccmpanions, Vasbti Dugarcc, looking iter best in a long artisticnlly-cut gown of olivo- grcon enshtncrc, did not glance up from the book sho was reading on tho couch near the fire. Brisk- little Hiss Gunn, adding up accounts at' the table with the rapidity and decision of a pvofes- eional book-keeper, Stopped in the middle of a long coluniu and replied at onee. 'Rain, do ymi say, child? Yos — I should think it would. You don't expect summer to lust all the year round, I suppose ? What fin van nmnt if f A l\/i Ama au 9 -Tf does not look very iuviting out ' of doors with that cutting wind. Get a hook, and como to tho fire nud make yourself comfortable.' Oh, it doesn't matter just now so much !' Patty left tho window and approached tlio firo obedient ly, kneeling injher usual fashion on the rug. ' But, if it does rain, we shn'n't be able to"gct a walk by-and-by ; niicF I wantodune, you know.' , 'Oh, that's it Liieinda smil ed and went on with her figures, talking ris sho reckoned them up. 'My dear, at this time of year you can hardly expect to go wal- > king about in the dark — can you? . And really the evenings are so > abominably short now 'that one . has to light up at six, unless one wants > one's eyes'' to drop out of i- one's head. Besides, I should ' think the > pair of you would be a vast deal nioro comfortable in doors. . You wouldn't > catch me wandering about in such a wind as that, I can tell you !' 'Six?1 > Patty echoed, looking over , her shoulder as sho knelt, and ignoring tho > rest of Lccindn's speech. ' Why, Garth will he hero ages before six, > Lucinda. lie's- going to leave Batchford's as early ns ever ho can, and wo > were- going for a rido or a walk, wliiohcvcr- I liked. I wanted him1 to stay > away all day, as lie uiu yi'sieruiiy, you snow ;. but his ohief is such a crusty fellow, and they are so awfully busy, ho wouldn't do that. And npw it's going to rain ! Bother Eateli- . ford's -r Perhaps dad will drop in and bring him back with him. I wish ho would.' . . 'It's not very likely ; ho will lmvc as much us ho enn do to get hack to lunchc-on without stop- pages,' Miss Gunn returned some what discouraging', as she shut v,. her last account-book. ' And I know bo specially promised your mother to hurry because of those peoplo wlio" arc coming. Wha; is tho tirao? Bless mo — past 12 r I nur.t go and seo how cook is getting on ; sho is nearly sure to bo behindhand— that is hor should he como ? Tho reason. of principal fault. And there are one or two things that she is too heavy-handed for altogether. I must see to those myself. Let me see, Patty child— how many of tho Bruises arc there?' \- 1 Pivo, if they all come — and that's five too many!' Miss Carew responded ungraciously, for the Bruces did not occupy a place in licr good books. ' Why, Lucin da?' ' Only that 1 want to know how many tho table is to he set for ; otherwise one enn never ar range it properly. Five, thon— your father and mother seven, you eight ' 'Oh, I'm not coming in,' Putty interooscd. ' I can't hear those Bruco girls, and I told the mater so, and sho said I needn't appear unless I liked. I don't like, so leavo mo out please.' 'Tut — tut — what noxt? If ever a girl was spoiled — — ' The subject was ono on which sho could huvo said so much that Miss Gunn prudently left it and resumed hor calculation ns to the number of persons who would form tho lunohcon pnrty. 'Miss Dugurro eight, then,' sho said ; 'Mr. Brabazon, nine — ' ' Now, Lucinda — when, you know ho lias gono over to Barons- wold, and won't be back until after dinner, if at all !' ' Bless mo — I forgot that. Lot mo see — where . was I? Miss Dugareo eight, Ch'arloy niuo; then- ' .. Luciuda thereupon left tho room, still auxiously countiug, and afraid of. any move amend ments or interruptions. A full minuto passed in silence after sho had left the room. Patty glanced doubtfully at Vashti. , It chanced that this 'vns tho first time the cousins found themselves alone fnirnflini cmr»rv lltmt infnt»v?i»w in 'uOVV"V' ..v.. ... Vnsliti's room, for each had avoi ded the other, although only shrewd little Miss Gunn had ob served the coolness between them, and secretly wondered what its cause might inc. But thcro was no coldness in Patty's warm littlo breast now, although she had been angry when she discovercd'that sho had been deceived. How could she be angry, eold, resentful ? She was so happy, so intensely happy, so loving and loved; while Vash ti, poor girl-; — ' Thcro were tears in ner cinvic . eyes, orougui there by tho thought of tho sharpness of .the. contrast which Vashti miist feel so cruelly, so bitterly, although sho was always so silent and proud. She leaned a littlo forward and gently touch ed the fair hand , which lay on Miss Dugarre's knee. Yielding to tlio soft touch, but not returning it, Vashti looked "P- . . ' What is it, Patrice?' ' Nothing particular, :dear.' A littlo abashed by tho cold steadi ness of the largo brilliant r eyes, Patty stoutly tried to speak in the tone in which sho had been accustomed to address Vashti be fore that unpleasant interview. 'Yes, it is, though;' she corrected. ' 1 didn't mean that.' She raised the cool hand and held it closo to her warm ' cheek. ' Vashti,' she pursued, lowering her voice alriiost to a whisper, 'Mr. Brabazon is going back to town at tho cud of tho week, isn't ho ?' I bclicvo so. I think ho said as much to Sir George.' ' Oh, I did - not mean what he said to dad — you know I didn't, dear!' sho said a littlo reproach fully. ' I wanted to know if ho told you so.' ' Yes — he has told mo so.' Vashti glanced at her book. Her tono uud look wore an icy barrier against any further ques- tions ; but fatty would not take the hint; she went on persover- ingly. ; ' "When will ho como back, again, Vashti ? You will tell mil that?' , . I 'Back again?' Miss Dugareo repeated, raising hor oyes. ; ' Yes— back again. Oh, you know what I mean, dear,— you know you do, Vashti. Of course I don't mean when is ho going to pay Capheaton another visit—if I did, I could ask Jlio mater and dad — I mean — when is ho coming back to you ?' ' To me ?'- She echoed. She laughed harshly,, and polled away her hand. ' 'He is never coming back to me,' sho said, steadUy looking again at her. book. 'Why bur parting four years ago exists | to-day a much as it ever did — you | aro nwaro of that-. As far as I know I shall never see him again. Rest content with your own lover and your own love nffairs,Patrico, and with tho contrast which your pit presents to mine. I huvo no desiro to be questioned about Mr. Biabiizon Sho again looked at he.i hook, turning a page. Had Puttybeen struck she could hardly have felt more bitterly checked and repul sed. : Sho in it'll t liavo retorted with some hot words of indignant reproach but for un interruption. At that moment tho . door opened quickly and Charley burstinto. tho room. " V ' I say,' Pats — feel inclined "to como out ? They aro in a pickle in tho kitclion ;- there is _not a sornp of some article or. - otlior in tho j, house that Ahoy especially wnnt; to concoct' something for luncheon. Doii't know what it is — it's down here, though'— he brandished a piece of.papcr. ' I went iu thcro just now for sonic groaso for my lines, and Lucinda collared. mo and set mo off to got mi. TJ.l .. I ..1 C '.in tint A n aI<1 11 ;1 U Mb 111! gu Uo liUl) U3 UIIA Wyckam's done witli rtio. Thought I'd have Saily and tho dogcart.; she will spin to great Basson- fhwaitq and back in. about nil hohr. Fool .inclined to como, old girl'?'.. 'Ugh— I don,t think so !' She glanced out of. tho window. with a shiver and a shrug. ' No — I dou't think I will, , Charley, thanks. , Whirling through the wind is sure to mako -my head ache, and I want to keep affright, beonusb of Garth this afternoon.' ' Oh j thut is the notion. For got that.' Charley grinned and put Lucinda's paper into his vest pocket. 'All right — thought you night like tlio drive. Dare say I shall fall over undo Gcorgo.' TTA ftimvnil f/\ rlnnnut tlinn InnlrPtl iXW UUUWU W back again, ' I say— how was it you did not coino' to have your usual turn at your German ?' , ' I did not mean to como. I am not going.to lcaru any more Gorman.' . . .. . ('Eh?1. Why, wlint't tho idea of -that ?' inquired Charley, star ts- ' -r ; ' I am tired of it, and I don't like it. I told tho mater I did not want to learn any; more — or Unit I wouldn't, ratjier— and she said I need hot,' Patty a.isiyerad concisely, . ' Humph— It's. well to ho you,' Clini'ioy grumbled. 'Do mo, a blessed lot of good, ; wouldn't it, if I said I couldn't" stick any more of that beastly cuclii? So that is why you-hnvo not turned up tho last two 'or -three times? meant to ask but. I forgot it, docs Wyokam know?'. . ; ' That I have given the lesson up? I supposo.soi I asked tho mater to tell him.'; ' All 1 Wellj then, I'll bet you any thing that '.bm dooB not half like, it, and that's what's made him' so boastlyAsuappy tho last few dliys. IIo'sAvbrsn than over this nioniing. iiShiit mo lip and packed mo off boforo I was more than half through — not that ho isn't welcome to .do that as often as ho likes,' said-1 Chaiioy, with a wiiik. 'But hbdoes loojc awfully seedy, poor cliap — got about ns much life in him as a threo-year- old mummy ! 'Well, I'll bo off, or I shall liavo Lucinda at my hair!' .... Ho vanished,; elat'tbring noisily along the hall. / In a few niiirutes Patty follow ed him, then reappeared presently7 at . tlio door, listening at her throat tlio cloak whoso clasp had been so altogether too much for hor to manage under tho Jockey's Cap;,. vL V T ctinll < fA ' Aitf fn1» n llfllft . 1A. OIIUU BWrS.VMW . AV», « Vashti. It doesn't raiu yet,' she said, . pulling tho hood of tho clonic over hor. head ; " ' and the wjnd can't blow mo about much, us;l shnll bo well wrapped up in this, thing. IL Lucinda or the mator asks whore I am, toll her, will you, ploasq? . I .shall keep in tho grounds, of course.' ',1 should imagine' so — in that .costume ! Very well ; I will toll them,' returned Miss Dugarre. Sho spolio so indolently and carelessly that she soarcely. raised her eyes from her book, but the door was hardly shut before she dropped the volume "and sprang to her feet. She whs cxcccdiug- ingly pule this morning, her largo bright eyes were glittering, lior smilo and tho low; sibilant luusrh that followed it iwere not plcasaut to seo aud to licar. " 'Looks ill!' she said, half aloud. 'Yes — both this morning arid last night he was _ like a ghost and would not look at mo. Why? Bah! Why should 1 wonder at any strange change in a man who is always strange — half mad, I think;, sometimes ? Though not moro mad than I surely was whon I was guilty of tho wretched folly of listening to him, and almost deluding" mysolf into tho belief that thcro was some uicaniug and purpose in tho uonseiiso ho talked ! ; What an idiot I was ! Ho liiughed in his sleeve to think how easily I was befooled, I suppose !' She laughed mockingly and bitterly. ''Well, it's my turn to laugh, or it soon will bo. I never saw him look before as he did whon I caught him watching those two last night. Docs he know,4.wonder, that's it's a settled"' thing— that they arc engaged. That chatter ing boy would ho most likely to tell liim! And yet, if he had ' Sho broke off, stopping before a mirror and deliberately ultering the position of a ribbon at her throat. 'I am rather tired of suffering tortures by myself ' sho said aloud and coolly.- 'It would be a relief to see some others suffer, or to inflict a few wouiids upon them. If he docs not know about the engagement; I will tell him !' Sho quitted the room and went straight to tho library, knowing that Antony Wyokam would at that moment be its only tenant. Entering without knocking, sho saw him standing beforo tho fire. Ho did- not seo or bear her. With his faco utterly colourless and haggard, with tho choeks sunken and tho mouth set, his wholo aspect withered and drawn nn/1 rt And no llAllfrll DAmA IllloKf. <I11U WISU1W ing touch had stricken him old in youth. As she looked at him a' cruel smile flickered round Vashti Du- garro's lips. Ho must know, she thought. Well, it was a relief to know that someone suffered tortures besides hcrsolf. What did he think now of tho vapour ing with which ho hnd befooled her into -that, utterly absurd com pact with him— of his boast that ho meant to bo Patrice Cardw's husband ? It wan amusing, grimly laughable. Sho drew a little nearer to him and spoko ; but, until she touched him, he remained motionless, absorbed in a moody revorio which mado him oblivious of evorything around liim. ' You aro vary thoughtful, Mr. Wyckam. You did not hear me, perhaps ?' 'No — I did not hear you — no.' Ho had started violently, and raised his arm as if to ward off a blow, and he spoko in suoh nn abrupt suddon way as to be almost insulting. At any other time Vashti would have been quick to resent his manner ; iu hor present mood it merely amused hor. It did more than that— it awoke afresh in her a fooling, against which she had often struggled sinco coming to Capheaton — a stealthy feeling against Putty which sho knew was skin to ha tred. What witchery had sho, that littlo, foolish, dark-eyed thing,- 1 hat, npartf l'pmthomonoy : — for lack of which Bho liersolf was wretched— that at least two men we|e won !o love her pas sionately ? Did this man know that any hopo ho had was gono .forever;;- -V .' - ' 