HOBART TELEGRAMS- (Standard Special "Wire.) HOBART, Friday. ' The Premier lias received a communication from the' Admiralty stating that it was not their intention to* subsidise a naval dock st Hobart, as there was nothing to justify such an expenditure, there being excellent docks at Melbourne, Sydney, Auckland and Brisbane. The Premier has placed an order with a leading firm of English seedsmen to supply a dozen new varieties of wheat, oats and grass for the purpose of experiment tinder the auspices of the Agricultural Department. The Premier has received a communication from the Agent-General, stating that the Tasmanian trout sent to England were placed in ice too opaque to enable them to be seen to advantage. Ae proposes to arrange them in such a manner that they can be better seen than at present. The Women's Christian Temperance Union has written to the Premier urging tbe proposed introduction into Hobart of a syndicate to be known as " The Colonial Consultation Company" as demoralising to the interests of the colouy, and that the floating of the syndicate be discountenanced by the Government. Tbe Minister replied that he fully recog- nised and sympathised with the union as to the undesirableness of promoting by Government aid syndicates or anything like indiscriminate gambling calculated to injure the good name of the colony. Joseph Archer, A'bert Fulton and James Fulton, for playing the ghost on Cambridge Road were brought up at the Police Court to-day, and sent to gaol for fourteen days. The Police Magistrate said he was determined to put down the abominable and atrocious practice of frightening women and children. The tender of Cheverton and Freeman for the construction of the Ulverston and Burnie railway was accepted today. The contractors commence work at once. The Premier opened to-day the Recreation Hall recently established to entertain the blue jackets of the Australian Squadron when the ships arrive, which will be at the end of the month. The Government has taken Mrs M'Gregor's residence, " Lenna," for the Admiral, for two months. At the Full Court to-day Mr Knight, instructed by Messrs Butler, M'Intyre and Butler, applied for leave to reargue the case of the North Mount Lyell Company v The Tharsis Company, which was argued last week, aud in which the Court had reserved their decision. Permission was given him to do so. He opened up a new point, and held it was the intention of the Legislature that a dump Bite should be included in section 51\. He submitted that the Court should construe this to come under the words other works." The Chief Jnstice said it might be very useful to have a public dumping ground on a mining field. The Court would give attention to the point raised. The matter of the nnadministered estate of tbe late Mr Joseph Clarke will beard in the Equity division in February next. Tbe equity suit in tbe matter of James Scott's estate was heard to-day, in which one of the legatees under the will sought to make the. trustees liable for a breach of trust in administering the estate. Decision was reserved. At the opening of the Naval League rooms this afternoon by the Premier, the American and English flags were entwined, emblematic of the hope of a future alliance between the two nations. The s.s. Mahinapua left here to-day with 50 passengers for the West Coast. 