| CORRESPONDENCE, i AFFAIRS AT RENMARK. To the Editor, Sir-Will j'ou. allow me space for a few . notes on the debate in the Assembly re Renmark concessions, &c.; ? The Trea surer says that "so soon as the statements in the Redbook were brought under the notice of the Government they repudiated all responsibility." He there pre-admits that there was muchimpliedresponsibility, or why attempt to repudiate it? This admission clears the ground, since it only remains to shew that such responsibility was not at the time repudiated in a reasonably effi cient manner to prove the present indebted ness of the Government to this settlement, llepudiation after the event, and mere ex parte statements of "no liability" when the mischief is done, may be set down at their true value. One lion, member asks why intending settlers did not apply to "the Agent-General for information. Several settlers here did so, and were advised thut the Chafi'ey Brothers' scheuie as advertised was quite bona fide, and that they could not do belter than go out to Renmark. Surely the Government of that day must have been singularly unfortunate-or too late-iii the methods they adopted to dis abuse the public mind. Ko settler seems to have heard a hint of it until tilings took an unfortunate turn, and tiie mischief was then done. Even the Agent-General, it is charitable to suppose, had heard nothing. It is idle to plead want of knowledge of the c-outents of the" Redbook. The Go vernment paid for it by allowing the cost to rank as improvements qualifying for a grant of land. Did they buy a "pig in a poke," or were they-as the Treasurer says-aware of the contents; and if so, why not have made their disclaimer public? Why leave their Agent-General in blissful ignor.u.ceV WJiy not warn settlers before they invested? Why not at the time have .proceeded against Chaffey Brothers for im properly using the credit of the colony? In short, why not have done the right thing at the right time instead of simply allowing things to drift, with only a mental reservation on their part? It is too late i;ow to shift the onus. Why should we take out the Government chestnuts or pay for their bad bargain with Glial* ey Brothers? Havt we not already paid dear enough for our own? The Treasurer refers to free water agitation. Perhaps it is news to him to hear that the idea was scouted as absurd, and never entertained at Kenmark. His remarks may possibly refer to Alildurn,. but net to lis. i pass over the unmanly in terjection of one lion, member, who evi dently thinks the Father of Lies resides on the banks of the Murray. Such remarks fire neither statesmanlike nor fair comment. As was shown ill the House, Renmark con tributes a gross revenue of over £3,000 per annum; and, apart from any liability, moral or otherwise, the asset is worth taking up by the Government from a purely business standpoint. What is the meaning of the frantic eSorts made to dis claim liability on the part of the Govern ment? Those who are in the know are well aware that the settlers' claim is not the bogie that our Ministers see before them. It is hard that we should be made to suffer in order to lay ghosts that ^Ministers or the Government in time past raised up. If they would but face the question squarely they would iind the apparition melt into very thin air indeed; but, if tliey must pro crastinate, let them at least remit the in terest on the loan until the date-not neces sarily very far distant-when they will have a free hand to deal with the Renmark concessions. Such a course would be better evidence of a bona-ride intention to do the right thing than penalizing settlers whilst they are seeking a way out of their dilemma -a dilemma which would not have oc curred but for the neglect and supine indif ference of the Government constantly exhi bited towards this settlement. J am, oir, cce., HARRY SHOWELL, Chairman Kenmark Irrigation Trust. Renmai'k, September 22. 