TWO JOCKEYS. A CONTRAST. If you "vvamfc to see bis highness, James Todd Sloan, you must tcleplhone all -morning, for Prince Todd! Sloan dioos not «se till noon. ' Then, iff yo'i ireiidlst upon cm aippiomtmejit, y*»u may have the privilege of being received by the diminutive Pifeoe of Joiekey doaii lu Ms apartments at the Baldwin. , If you yearn for "Long-Shot" «Gon ley's acquaintance, all that'® <necess«L<ry is to tslgnify your "wish. Goniiey will, call upon you or he'll come to the door wf the liitHe xwm at -the paddlock out at the Oakland: «ttacc-trat*k, where the jockeys are penned in 4ind watch ed. ..'.}*» The difference is the difforonce be tween <tlie naam who lias arrived! and tlie one who's on the way; ibefcween a salary of 12,OOOdoL, a year end! one fifth as much, say; 'between a great repudiation in Rscetown -aliroad arod & modest vbho in Raccfflown at -home. The figure of a slight, short bov, the foot of a danspuse. -the <fnce of a man of. at least 435-this is tlie great Toid Sloan, >lhe 100-poaind idol of the race-track. "It's all been told before," he tells yon wea-rMy. jftrifclDg a match with his jewelled finders and lighting a huse cigar. "It's been told oper and *»ver aisrain in. all iiae papers all over Hie world1-.. I've seen, the associated fnm^s remrtrrs and told' it all to 'ein, and-n-Tid " A^d w'wdig faOtog he snicks ati his -Insr H-mr for cotnsolatioai and comfort H W\«« agonising ? moment of irnter viptwip.sr. His voice hiss? not a .particle of rn'jrr.atkm. the comers of his month droop complatningiy, and hi® pale HittTe face beneath his rfeek Jblack (hair is discontented, and woefully -tiliaee. 'It muist bore you dreadfully," I suggested sympathetically. "Wei, it does," replied the little gr«atfc man, lifting a foot over Shis knee. Such a tiny, shapely -foot, with) its arched instep and delicate-hiuedi sock revealed by the tan ties, cut low on the side like a lady'® "^Diane." "I've been riding nine years," he went on. "No, it ain't Hong. I know* men of 50 that ride. Ah? I intend to ride all my life. There's pleasure in riding, "but thepe'§ danger too I've been in accidents five or sik times. Some, take their excitement one way, some another. I know men it would be like talcing away sunlight from, if they couldn't bet on races." It's a long speechfor so shont a man. audi it's delivered' an laconic grunts. 'Not his big cigar, not even his pretty foot, which he caresses with thai beringed email hand, can (soothe Prince Todd! into loquacity. "I'm going to he here %out six weeks," lie /vouchsafes. "I'm going shooting. Then Fm , going back Blast to work." It doesn't matter of what he speaks, whether of work or play. The prince ling of the racecourse is always -bored. At 23 the penalties of greatness weigh heavily upon this mannikin. Ennui, the curse of royalty-whether of jock eydoni or otherwise-has seised upon James Todd Sloan, "prance by grace of the paucity of his inches and tin quantity of his dollars. Ivet it be a lesson to us whose obscurity would -make us long for . fame 1 With "Long-Shot" Conley, «ffi tlie other hand', the world is not yet a sucked- out orange. 'He takes himself very seriously, does this dark rival of the «rre*»t dapper little "Todd." His Mack face-he is very black has ail the dumb tragedy of the negro face till he shows his- white teeth In « grin that changes tragedy 4» farce. But he doesn't see much to laugh at, though Ms seriousness Is the stolidity of immaturity. ai-nt the aiwful 23-year old dwiUusiot?: of that man of the wo^M. Jinnies Todd- Sloan. But Goniey lauehed when he and "Our .Olimate"-Oonley (pronounces1 it. "Ah Cliii?a.te"--flew "by the Prince of Jockevs on Wawom. And tlie <mem mry of his arl-n as cherished out at the Oakland track, when a second time the modest eborvy Jockey ont-strippedi the famous «mall 1>lue-sleeved: man. whos*» reputation m as great among English ndbleimen as rfc is among Anierican ixmrncrieps, wfeo spea^Ml midersitaanj the jaagoa ^ the race-track. , 3 Imw Coaiiey out at the paddock wliene the soft, loose earth around ,tibe horses' stalls gives one tlie ghost ot tiitat old memory of exhilaration yoa . felt when your .feet touched fth? flooi* of the circus in olden days. Tlbe oegxo jockey is a graceful little fellow in Ms -white suit, -hooped, aibout with magenta, amd his greesn< silk cap. / "'Yes-yes, ma'am," lie staid, uncon scious of 'Ms ipretty pose there in- the doorway, "Sloan, ite had tibe favorite. Yes, niia'am, bafe tunes lie rode the .best horse, May W. Now she was a clinch, they thought." "A wiiat ?" : :-.\L '> ^ "A moral, youi know." I difln't, but I was ashamed to ad mit it. "When we lined tip that secon' time, ma'am, Sloan he *was ahead o' me an' I come last. It was jes5 a six-furlong sprint, but wiliem we'd got three' quarters done, I went pas' him and won." "Did you say anything as you pass ed ?" "O, we didln't say miffin to >each other-He don' know me, 'ma'am,' said GohJey .modestly. "I-I know him" even a black cat may look at a. jockey prince-"! see him las' year on th' track. I knowed I'd beat him when we started. TA£ boys, -the other jock eys," Conley nodded'his (head towards the inside of the room on whose thres hold he stood, "they heard so -much 'bout him. they dotn'f think they can .beat him." Cooley is a little vague about Ms age. He's 'bout 23, he tells you. BUR he speaks positively enough with' all enthusiasm aJbout h:s riding. Wiheai he talks of horses, one undterstamds what the race-track reporter mesas ?by describing Oonley's way of ridiug as "hand and foot style." When Con ley rMeSj so they tell you at the iteack,. . ihe rides with every fibre of his body, tas though' all bis soul were to the race. . Prince Todd, though, as made of different mould. jPenhajps this is , why the crowd out at Oakland's track rejoiced in the diarkey'e triumph. "Wiia. a'h've been riding," says Cow ley, "evah .since ah xwas a little feJtew 110 -hlgha'n that," and he puts out a pink-palmed/ -Mack hand a few implies below his presemt height "Ah used t' ride at SaMoga, but ah got bin' o* bothered an' didn't want t' ride any mo. till 'bout two yeahs agio, when I began to ride long-shot bosses, ma'am. Don' know what's long-shot ?" CSonley's white teeth showed. "Dong shot bosses ha* long odds agen1 'em. Tim's why alrm ^Long-shot -Gonley.' * ''Do you think if youi were <mounte,l noon as good a homse as lie you; could always <beiat Todd1 Sloan ?" Sloan's rival smiled <and then grew very serious. \ "Well-well, he wouldtn' foeat me,;' "he said Iryyisbiy. "Ah kmow that." Mtrian .il'lcliflson, in "Saaa Francisco GalL" 