THE BISHOP OF GERALD TON. CONSECRATION' OF DR. kKLLY. AN IMPOSING CEREMONY. Amongst the many ceremonies of the Unman Catholic Church few excel the consecration of a prelate for pomp and circumstance, as well as that completeness of detail which always dis tinguish her functions. Tho elevation to episcopal rank of the Rev. Father Kt-lly, of Gerald ton, West Australia, which took place at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Sunday, was attended with all the impressivenes.s and folemni'.y which properly belong to such an important occasion. The altar, which was resplendent with floral decorations and candelabra, the beautifully worked vestments of the assistant bishops, the splendid robes of the attendant priests, the delicious strains of Gounod's 'Messe Soleniiel'e' by a special choir, and the soft light which filtered through the chancel win dows all aided in accentuating the impressive character of the surroundings and imparting a glow aud a color to a magnificent spectacle. It is prescribed by ecclesiastical canons that there must be three bishops present at the consecra tion, and in compliance with this injunction Dr. Corbett, of Sale, Dr. Maher, of Port Augusta, and Dr. Dunne, of Wilcannia, c.imc to Adelaide to assist in the conferring of this high titular distinction of the Church on Tather Kelly. Within the sanctuary were seated the Archbishop of Adelaide on tho throne, wearing the cuppa magna. He was assisted by the Very Rev. F,-ither Vincent (provincial of the Order of Passionists in Aus tralia) and the Rev. Father Carroll, S..!., of Norwood. Solemn high mass was celebrated by Dr. Corbett, whose clear, resonant baritone voice resounded throughout the sacred edifice and whoso intonation in the consecration ceremony charmed all who heard it. Thi! Yen. Archpriest Nevin was the assis tant priest, Father Hurley being the deacon, and Father McKvoy tho snbdeacon. Father Cosgravc made an able and efiicient master of ceremonies, his assistants being Fathers Corncs and Collins (of Melbourne). Father Alfred, C.P., was assistant priest to the Bishop of Port Augusta, and Father McKillop, S..1., to the Bishop of Wiicannia, while the Very Rev. Father 'Norton, Y,G. of Port Augusta, was the assistant priest to Dr. Kelly. The Very Rev. Father Enright (administrator of the Pert Adelaide dis trict), and Father Ryan were also present. According to tho usage and tradition of the Apostles of the Church the custom prevails even to the present day of fasting prior to the consecration of a bishop, not only to earnestly and effectually implore the grace of Uod that those about to be ordained may be fit ministers of the Church, but also that they may better dispose themselves to receive the special graces of their ordination. Dr. Kelly has been making a retreat at the Passionists' Monastery, Glen Osmond, and both he and Dr. Corbett fasted on the eve of the day of consecration to worthily tit themselves for the great event. The ringing of the vestry bell shortly after 11 o'clock announced tilts formation of the pro- j cession of prelates and priests, who filed into the sanctuary with 'stately step and slow.' First came the masters of ceremonies and then the cross-bearer and acolytes, and after the clergy marched the bishops. Noxt followed the Bishop- elect of Geraldton, and after ! him came the consecrating prelate, the archbishop bringing up tho roar. AVhen the. consecrating bishop and the bishop- ! elect, with his two assistant bishops, were. vested they took their places in front of the j high altar. The consecrating prcJato sat be- ; fore the centre altar, and tho bishop-elect and : his assistant bisliopf having saluted him they j took their seats. The senior assistant bishop! then addressed the consecrating bishop as fol lows: — 'Most reverend futher, ho'y mother tho Catholic Church requests that yon raise j the priest here present to the brethren of the episeopacy.'; The consecrating bishop a:?ked 'Iduve you the apostolic mandato?' The j Pupal brief was accordingly produced and read aloud, after which the bishop-elect knelt and took the oath of fealty to thu Church and the sovereign Pontiff. What is called the exami nation of thu bishop-elect then took place, and l.o promised to te.ich his people by word and example doctrine of Holy Scripture and the traditions of the Church. This examination luis been commanded by tlie Hoiy Father in order that he who io chosen for the liink of a bishop he first diligently queried concerning the faith of tho Holy Trinity, and be interrogated upon the morals which arc befitting such government, and are ntcessary to bo kept up according to tho anying of the apostle, ' Be thou not hasty in consecrating any man;' and for this purpose also, 'That he who is about to be ordained may be instructed how to demean himself when established in this rule within the church of Uod; and, lastly, in order that they who gave the consecrating imposition of hauds also be irroprehensible.' Some of the questions put to tho bishop-elect were, ' Wilt thou by word and example teach tho flocks for whom thou art to be ordained in that which thou understandest from Holy Scrip ture?' To which he answered, 'I will.' ' Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed apostle to whom w:v3 given by God tho favovof binding ar.d loosing, and to bis Vicar Leo XIII., the present Popo, and to Ilia successors, Bishops of Rome, faith, subjectiou, and obcdiencP, according as the canons enjoin':' — 'I will.' 'Wilt thou, for the sake of the Lord, be easy of access and pitiful to tho poor, to tlie stranger, and to all that are in need?' — 'I will.' The assistant bishop then led the bishop-elect to the consecrating bishop, whose hand l;e kissed, and tho latter began the ? celebration of solemn high mass at the higli altar. Meanwhile the bishop-elect proceeded to St. .Joseph's altar, where he wus vested in tho Pontifical vestments of mass, aud he also began the oiferintr of the hoiy sacrifice. After tho 'gradual' the consecrating bishop went to his seat, and the bishop- elect wns led to him. The former said — 'It ia the arch ! bishop's office to judge, to iuterprot .Scripture, | to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm.' All knelt, and the bishop elect prostrated himself upon the ground while the Litanies wore, being sung: (lie 'Veni Creator' also beiijg intoned. At tlie conclusion of the hymn all rose. The conse crating prelate them placed the Book of Gospels upon the shoulders of the bUlion elect, both consecrating and assistant bishops placed their hands upon his head. Baying 'Receive the Holy Ghost.' Prayers having been said the consecrating bishop anointed with chri.-m the head of thu bishop-elect, say ing, 'Bj thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of high priest hy heavenly benedic tion in tho name of the Father and of the Son and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen.' The hands were also anointed and were bound with linen bands, while tho pastoral staff and ring were blessed and given to the new bishop. The Bnuk of Gospels was handed to him, and he was commanded to preach to his people. He was givon the kiss of peace, and the mass proceeded as far as tho offertory in clusive. Tho newly-consecrated bishop then made the olfertory to thu euissecrating prelate, and both continued the mass on the one altar. After the blessing the mitre was placed upon the head of the new bishop, wfio was then enthroned, and while, accompanied by tho assistant bishops, he went thiougli thu church blessing the people, the ' To Deum' was sung. When the hymn was finished Bishop Kelly pave his solemn blc-ssitier from the altar. After wards he thrico bent the knee to tiio consecrat ing bishop, singing each time 'Ad niultos aunos.' This closed the proceedings. T11F. NEW PRF.LA.TK/S C sRVLKft. Dr. Kelly, who i3 a native of West Aus tralia, ii the second prif-st born in Australia to be raised to episcopal rank. He is now in the primp of life, being only iibout 40 years of age. After studying languages for a brief period j under Dr. O'Reily when he was in the western I colony hu left to enter St. Patrick's Kociesias- 1 tical College, AVexford, subsequently going to j All Hallow's College, Dublin. Having com- j pleted his theological course Father! Kelly was ordained priest, after which ! 'be returned to his native colony. Since j then he has occupied many leading jiosi- ! tions connected with the Church, and has dis tinguished himself as an able preacher aud a pro- I lilic writer. For nine years he rilled the editorial ! chair of the 'West Australian Record,'' the official organ of the Church in that pro- j vince. Father Kelly has scholarly attainments ? and his appointment has been hailed with ' delight by his flock in the Great Boulder dis- j triet and the adherents of the Church generally in the West, lie is a typical Australian, beiug i tall and well built, and is personally a very ! popular man. Before his departure for Adelaide he was the recipient of many ad dresses ar.d presentations.* One testimonial that lie highly values wasgivp.n by the Children of Mary, at Guildford, a beautiful pectoral I cross accompanying the gift. On the occasion of tho presentation reference was made to the harmony which existed among the dilft-rent J religious sects in Guildfoid, whoexpiessed their ! admiration for Bishop Kelly. They congra- j i tulated him on the exalted position he had ' attained in the Church to which his services were devoted. The Very Rev. Father Bourke, V.G.,said it was impossible to speak too highly I of tho excellent qualities of their guest of the I evening. Dr. Kelly feelingly responded and impressed upon those present tho need of being charitable and liberal in their views and working in harmony one with the other in promoting the welfare of humanity and in building up a great Australian nation. Tho address of the Children of Mary and the school children was as follows : — Per = t us, the Children of Mary and the children of st.~Josc])h's School, to offer you our very sincere coiigta^ulauutis on your elevation io U« dignity of Bishop of Geraldion. You have at all times evinced the greatest interest in our welfare, and have been ever ready to aid us by all the means in your power. We feel crcatly our loss in beinjr deprived ot your zealous and devoted services, but our loss in this re spect will be the gain of our young' friends in Gerald ton. In pavting thus wilh so kind a friend we would willingly present you, were il in our power, with an offering worthy of the esteem and love we entertain for you. But is thia is impossible we beg of you Io accept this lit lie pectoral cross — made from our native West Australian gold— as 60ine slight token of the affectionate regard we ever sha'l have for one who has done bo much fov our welfare. Wishing jou every success in your new diocese and assuriny you or a consunl rc-meir-brance in our prayers. j EVENING SERVICE. ! The cathedral was crowded in tho evening when the new prelate olii(.-iat,(jd at I'ontilical : vespers and pronounced tho Ponteh'cai bone- : diction. Fat'ier Vincent, superior of the Passionist Order, referring to that day's cere- : mouial, slid that the right of consecration was sacred, and would ba handed down from gennration to generation as ona of the frrand characteristics of the church, j Having (riven a short description of the ; ceremony, which, he said, was always per- i formpd at the command of the church, con voyed by the h.ily father, the preacher dc- . livered a powerful eulogium of the new prelate. Dr. Kelly, d«ep in le.irninjr, blessed with a ? powerful pen, which he had wielded in the in terests of the church in West Australia, and beloved by his flock there for his kindly spirit and affectionate repard for their welfare, was tho second native-horn Australian who Iiari been consecrated bishop during tho last ytar or two. Ho had travelled all the way from thu western colony to re- . eeive the sublime commission, and had taken his tirst lesson at ecclesiastial matters from the present archbishop. What joy then must Dr. O'Reily have had to see his ' protege receive the unction of the church ; wherein he himself was enthroned. Ilis ole- \ vation to episcopal powors must bo a source of | creat consolation of gratification to Dr. ; Kelly's people in West Australia, who had in ?, their generosity, and aa an evidence of their high esteem for his personal character, testified to his zeal and their love, by collecting the Rold from which was made the cross that had that day been blessed and placed on his breast. Father Vincent then described the significance of the crozier, the cross, the ring, the pastoral, and the mitre, and the other symbols of a bishop's office, which he said, would ever remind the holder of them that he was pledged by his sasred calling to be the guide, the keeper, and the bonefactor of his people. While they congratulated Dr. Kelly on the high dignity that had been bestowed upon him, they would pray that Uod might bless him, and that his episcopate would be a fruitful one. They should not forget, how ever, thab all respect was due to bishops. While they were willing to teach, the people should be willing and eager to learn from them, and recognise that they wore the watchmen who watched night and day, guard ing and protecting the church of God. The church had made great strides during the last '2) or 30 years, and its number of bishops had largely ineteased in Australia. Among them, indeed all of them, were men of letters who were able to worthily; defend the faith. Tho newest of them— Dr. Kelly -as he had already mentioned, was a powerful writer, and was, no doubt, well able to counteract the effects of the evil literature that was now extant. ' It is an ovil sign of the limes' added the piear-her '' that the press can be so prostituted for evil pmposes.' 