? i I h ifcttTOBIOGBAJ>mr. Beprintediirttn • The AostadasiaiTof 1687 I>Y B ^ M P E N N L S S I O A - ) CHAPTER XfIL —fCoimNTTiu,.) When the wioming at length dawned one of the poH^man went and fetched "my clothes to jth'e watch-house in a cab, and I, In tho 'triie spirit of profeasional vnttity, attii^?mywMt ia the tept. suit I had. At my: commitment Iiji^rned the ei cret of my arrest. Jnstift nour beforo i bad waited uppn the fc«akmjMiag«r Mri S. had been to^ ferred his account to Bnoth^jr^anking firm, so, of course, m y h o w - ever plausibly deliye^^Jj^a^nown to be arf utter fabricafi^^^T-" 1 In heart, with the fulTview of the years of doom before me, I was sad enough; but I managed to suppress all-emotion, and seemed to others to regard my position with the I hap[>e«icd to.J^^g^ . banker tell the inspector Mr. S. had . not tranafei^d'bm^^iunts, the bank would hare [Kiid the cheque without the slightest hesitation. He said, too, that I had address enough to go- through with anything. This flattered my vanity, and I called out " Good-bye, I'm off to college; but when the vacation comes round I may perhaps pay you a professional visit with better results tojmyself." The banker upon this advanced to the cell door, told me (what was true enough) that with all my cleverness I was but a* foolish boy, and then he seriously exhorted me in the years that were to come to apply my talents to good purposes. He spoke kindly to me, and 1 listened to him respectfully, promising to remember his ad rice. To me he said, " God assist you to begoed and to the inspector, *'Give him some dinner, and I II pay for it," and away he went. In my heart I was very wretched, but my misery was not of a character to be followed by a healthier tone of mind. I sorrowed not for my sin, but for its detection. I was chagrined more than grieved. I was mortified to find myself outwitted—brought to justice by-the excess of my own would-be cleverness. I did not, perhaps, t3nnlc much in those times, but since then I/have had an enlarged and terrible experience in the pursuit of crime, and too well I-know that the ascutcst intellect, the best conceived plans, the nicest calculations are, when applied to wrong-doing, all impotent to avert the doom that follows sooner or later upon a career of wickedness. The villainy of to-day may be detected through the contingencies of to-morrow, and trifles the most insignificant may secure the conviction of the criminal. A French writer truly says, that justice may be vindicated by 3 a straw. I hope my reader that you are honest, , . and , will keep so; but K.7* if :t you ! ! are not, clever though you may be. the time is not remotely distant when, Jiue myself, you will be caught and caged. »•• CHAPTER XIV. NEWGAIE. Newgate. How suggestive the very word I What associations cluBter round the name 1 How the heroes of the far-famed "Calendar" start into life at the very sound, and are viaioned before ns in all their pristine glory I How it bears the memory back to the goc-d old times, and begets a revezsenoe for " The grand old law, Hie simple plan, That he ebonld take who has foe power, And he should keep who can." Ghosts glidebefore as as wa breathe trie mystic syllables,and Claude Duval, Captain &aheath;, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sbeppard seem, in the Fpirit, present. Newgate I thou great Echool forthe improvement of the mind upon the mutual instruction system ; thou world of recondite mysteries; thon teacher of unknown tongues; with thy choice precepts and thy perfect examples, with iby philosophical theories and thy daily practices, how many a youth hast thou filledwith a spurious and misdirected emulation, and been the means of raising to the most exalted station, thy reoarde chronicling his fame, and the mansion itself- becoming bis mausoleum I More than onc3 have I trodden thy passages where sleep the dead in their nnepitaphed notoriety, and I have thonght of the poet's words and found ii easy to believe that there might rest Some heart onee pregnant with «elgs^al fi:e; Hands which the rod of empire might have swaged, Or waked to ecstaoy the living iyre." ( have of^n heard it eaid that simplicity should bs twin to .greatness, and I never wasBO fjreibly struck with the truth of this remark as when tbe-liveried footman of Her carriage banded me oat at (he dour of Newgate. I h ad eeen the out ide of one or two oi the modern—pr model, if you like — pjUatittl seminaries fcr ethical tution, and tue meretricious manner in which they were dtekei out appeared to me to bs a flnrt ut cdtvei ctfomentary upii their own weufc. uttis. B.it Mere, how different I . N j wide po whs tepinie with architectural ornamentgliuo were up-.ued for my reception. AlHtie woi- n wtck^t turned on its hinges, and in a uiuuisnt *ae busy street was behind me, and a turnkey, a second Dwiel Li-nbsrt ia size, stood Oafure me with a not unpteisant siDik up jn hid face. Ia tbOae ~d&ys; phdto- &rop;!iyWDB not in the service of the juisaa, so my personal appearance and previous history had to be sketcUed irith pes and ink. FhU was done instanter—fire feet screa and a half, slender, light brown; hair, grey -eyes, fair complexion, read and write, Protestant,, born at Finohley, Middlesex, age sixteen,* once in prison bafore for vagrancy, congenital brown mark on night eide near upper ribs— and the picture was complete, {.was then introduced to the reception ward, where there were already three inmates." I was-by uo means appalled by the look of the place. I bad been familiar worse in jny non-prot€tsional days. There w&s; aooommod&txon; only for nine, if my memory serves me rightly. The deeping berths were contained tu a three storied irtime, and tftere were' 'hree ruga and a mat to each berth. The <-&rd; contained a fireplace, but the westher r»=inq warm there was of couree no fire. O^er tat fire place WBB a bust redely ciirved, which "iy eompaoionB assured me wab a traditional iksness of Jack Shepp&rd.; 4hjve }|aia was * large board, on whiab was a p%injbed potice .oat any defacing or injury tf the books ."*«2d in the ward would mett with puniah-] ' .-C*'t. What bjoke wzre referred to I caimo •7. for I ncv«ir saw any, in ehapel. Jurhig my eojjarn in tSe puaoo. Torre w&a; u dietary «elo haoging up by the side of thB *aii dooc, and a gliace at thi^ c wiv-Rcad •Da that the tortle-tovlng civic a mho ines tramed it in a - syrnpa betia spirit. I should 'iks minatejy .tbeir; ^...r jUB bill of memary treachBroaa. I know -lhijt tie (•ruel was nioe and sweet, that the bread rood, and the mnat and p >tatoe.} patigfyiog. Th» prcsiw gpantitie? f cannot now specify. I only n«wed<me nishtin th? ir« c ption wa , 'd. compaLions, two of w^om wete in for j eounteif- it com, a^d theoUe^ lus uic.ing pocketF. I must admit, "howev.r, j thbt thaw Ungnag«fortH> romi pa»t was in- ] ccmpn>hpnsil»|« to me, \icbp <ste« dft- ?crd»ed bow bp t&tot;&fi; b!p»V. look, , and | W t t S & J E E b * **«« iwda tawkplike wmken; Lkat the oonfented to.*iw beefcienj; that a flal hun, ana banded him over to a o r a e h e r ; ^ be had dung *he dummy; that the bloaK rept hard against him, and so he was taUied to ihg start, and wasfure to geteewnsfcretob bn account o! his formers. The two for the bad money talked about being out of date, sm&fchng; h< bulls and counters, tinging the changes, &o.; I told them I didn't knowtbe meaning ©fall their terms, and Eo, lMigblng at my graeanese, they explained evexything tome, Tininy turn astonished them with some of my own doinga, and they soon aedared I was no fiatafter all. In this manner pawed my first night In Newgate. The next morning, after the medical officer had "ifttijitma me, I was placed in one of the ordinary day-wardsolthe prison. The ward, with the exception of being larger, was in all respeote the wneasthe reception-ward. There was the fireplane, and the punted board with tie book notioe, the rack deeping berths, the m&ts; and the rugs. There were also two tables and lour forms, which I remember exceedingly well, as the forms were need fox draughtboards', and thetablea for playing at J Bhove-balf-penny, bnttoDB bang need instead | of halfpence. There were not more than ; fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I entered, eight of these were employed at a wellknown prison game called "ooddem.' As I j was well- dressed anddiffered a good deal in , appearance from the general inmates of the. ^ r T c T b r r ^ Jeffand skill of some of my companions, for handkerchief, before I had been which* in the I afterwards an hour ascertained my silk was a " belcher," had changed ownership, having bBen adroitly filchedfrom my pocket by some light-fingered artist in-the "dipping" line of the profession. I made a virtue of necessity, and bore the IOBS good- bumoredly, and as I could tell a good Btory, I soon became tails a favourite with my companions. .My prison acquaintanceswere by no means limited to those aocfiaed in the same ward with me, for when we were out in the airing yard, which we were halt the day, the inmates of three or four yards were together. I don't pretend that my virtue was much alarmed at the scenes I duly moved among; bat I certainly was astonished that proceedings such as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a prison. Publicly in the airing yarda lessons in crime were zealously taught on the mutual instruction principle. The burglar sketched upon .the prison pavement the instruments of his track, and, with fluent tongue,explained their various uses. The shop- lifter explained the various methods by which his branch of Ihe profession might be profitably pursued. The pickpocket was more apt in deed than in word, and gave practical instructions in " buzzing." In short I have no hesitation in saying that the eeal of the professors in this eoMege was so untiring, the methods of instruction fidvaried and so spt, the knowledge imparted so extended, that any person with ordinary intellect would, after a term or two, be qualified^ for a degree. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to me. One was a ycung man not much overtwenty, good-Iookicg, tolerably well dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the word merely in its scholastic sense. He was one of the most expert pickpockets in London, and was known as *' Sul ivan the Wiie." The other was a middle-sged man; had been three times transported, and boasted of it; knew every cint term of the prison, and could do something in all the ' ?* branohes Moae ?, of prigiem; P"^™ 5 wa8 was * a fj shrewd e . w f » man of ] the world with a fair amount of intelbi gence; w§8 % clever sophist in attempting to justify crime; carried qn business in London as a M fence" > was awaiting (rial for receiving stolen property, but, for want of sufficient evidence, was sure to be acquitted. These two companions were apt teaoherg, the one giving practical lessons, and the other en-1 forcing wivh a dangerous plausibility hig favorite theories. Many an hour Sullivan busied himself with an earaestness worthy of a better cause in instructing me bow to pick pockets. He was an adept at the business himself, and by constant practice 1 soon became as expert as he was. I have never exercised my skill for my own profit in the world except on one occasion, when, haying had my pocket book taken from me on the Melbourne racecourse by one o! a party of three, I followed them inte a drinking booth, and in ten minutes bad recovered my property and emptied their pockets into the bargain, a regular ,f diamo'od-cut-diamond" affair. My other Newgate aotopanion— Johnson the fence—was, ia his teachings, of a far more dangerous character. In favor of crime he advanced the same sort of argument that had occurred to myself. But there was this difference between us, however cunningly I might entangle myself in my own sophisms, I was never completely deceived by thorn, bnt always had arj fqngte conviction of their falsify. With Johnson it wap otherwise, His mind was so utterly warped that he believed as he argued, and had no vision Of the truth whiph lay beyond his own pernicious doctrines. Faith, either in the false or the true, begets earnestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teacher, and, as a result, made many , proselytes. His arguments on myself were thrown away, for I have never confounded vice with virtue, or attempted to justify to myself the evil I have committed. Johnson's knowledge of cant I largely availed myself of, ap3 if \ am now an authority in technical terms it is owing to his teachings. I composed several flashsong* for the great master linguist, to be Bung in the pri^ap ya?d, but X now turn from them myself with loathing, sag jinnot suppose that the reader wculd do otherwise. Taeee pomft was thus that I parsed the time in New- oEitions were mere carious than edifying. g\te. B-it t^hsfe gaijld be < xpr-eted ? The aot vities of the mind wiU employ themsdves, gad ia the abssnce of everything good they eqra to occupy themselyea with evil. With no bicks, no occupation of any kiud, |t ia not much to be wondetei at that I and my f-11-sJTrnrisonep4 discussed crime jn §'1 if3 ram Ii -ttioV.B, and were daily fi'ting ourselves for still re ggilty deei}^ on our return |o the woild toan thoag fot whU^h Wf Werg then | awaitiog nor doom, j \- Toere was no attempt at classification, and as for some reason ox the other the men were frequently changed from ward to ward, by the time the sessions commenced X had made the -acquaintance of nearly every committed prie&nsr; in £he gaoL I thua had the criminal character before meiq a variety of its phases; jand, young as .1.was, and quite as criminal as any there, I analysed it with a kind of philosophical interest. Among the rankest weeds thtre were "till floiyera struggling for existence-—in the natures the mort depraved redeeming traita were to be'found. Mo. t of the crime I4IUK WVUUU around H#E me HBO was II, of piiaop KIVWVU, growth, AUli and the fountain-heads whence flowed all its \ streams were ignoranae audpev^fy, . CHAPTER XV. PRISON LIFE. The first week I was in Newgate a boy not more than ten years of age vvas placed in my ward. He was crying bitterly when lic entered the ward, and as nearly ail the Other prisoners laughed at what they , termed ... his sqivpijiqg, , . I , ,, attempted - , to , - turn ^nn Aatten AT IIIQ t him, and «»qi|irp«3 the pa«.se of tcar«- The htUe fellow to|4 mp fte ha^ ' becil 01'l[)l»y0u 8S Ql) CrWliq boy qt som I military j «u.tailors J1B shop, and that „„„ one »f t j men had given him a couple of epaulettes to. take to some places As he >e was vasouioe on Jthe ] point of leaving L the " shop, the foreman ^aw him with -.... tbe ,.o....... articles, . "and . asked - - what - j was gomgto d«>" with them. He told )>iui they had been given to him to take out for "QflP qf the inen ; but when the mau wa^-referredJtn, ijcnied the statojhe. ment of the boy ,and ^wore knevifQthiqg H r ^ wjw gnod, «»e l>oy w^s disbelieved, givua i?»to onstody, ana committed for trial! / w.is qutiti «9tidnccd of the boy'a j innocence, but-lhe jury arnved st a different c«n^usu»n j «ad the poor little iel- sentenced to be imprisoned in SeVaTe for three months,and* betwi^ whipped. whipped. T e n years afterwards a brutal murder was committed by two young men near Sawpit Gully, in this colony. Both were condemned aud sentenced to oe executed. The name of one was Boach, I was then a prisoa-clerk in the Melbourne Gaol, and 1 was in the habit of sitting up with those who were gallows-doomed during the last few nights of their sojourn upon earth. Thus, I sat up with Roach. The last night he wrote a letter to England to his father, which he handed me to read. It was a long, sad letter, but the saddest passage it contained was ftiaI am guilty, very guilty, now dear father, and in a few hours I shall bo dead ; but indeed, when I was flogged and imprisoned in Newgate for stealing the epaulettes, I was innocent and good. You will believe me ifer, for God will judge me soon, and I*ouId not tell a lie in my last moments." On reading this passage it flashed upon ine directly that Roach was the same little boy (and yet how different!) whom Iliad comforted with kind words in Newgate ward, and j was right. When I mentioned the cir- J cum8tance to him with an intensity of j menta^ vision that I have on other such occasions fouruj to be possessed by those who d Qn th(J v of the grsVe, he tbe far-off past md rer u t t our first meeting. I was terribly affected to at myself this sudden the poor recognition weeping ; and innocent picturing boy whom I had pitied in Newgate, and seeing the blood-stained unhappy being before me whose last sun was set, I was unable to control my feelings and I sobbed like a child. He, too, wept, and our tears mingled. The first kindness that had visited his prison-life he had received at my hands, and the last consolation, which in that dread hour only faith could gire, I breathed into his ear in the Saviour's words. I might, by way of episode, give his story, but I have heard so many like it, that to me it seems too common-place to narrate at length. It may be condensed into half-a-dozen lines. In Newgate 'he was familiarised with crime, contracted a prison-intimacy with one older than himself, was met by him outside the prison, for crime was shortly after arrested again, was in the course of a few months transported, had suffered a good deal of punishment in Van Diemen's Land, and, completely hardened in heart,had finally committed murder. Some time during the first week of" my confinement I was sent for by the chaplain, and interrogated with reference to my previous history. My interview was a very long one, for, as he told me I could speak to him in all confidence, I related to him my whole history. At first he scarcely believed me, but after a pretty keen cross-examination I succeeded in convincing him that my uarration was perfectly true. He addressed me in very kind words, and appeared, by his manner, to be really sorry for me. I could not avoid mentioning to him the fact vf thero ^ ^ 1 ,' ., / ' 4 them so frequently that the prison authorities seemed to think it useless to supply any more. He stated, however, that he would make a demand for some entertaining books, and recommend that they should be issued to prisoners, personally, and not placed in the wards as heretofore,a method which would lead to indiridual responsibility, and thus cause the books to be more carefully used. On the following day he again seut for me, and lent me, from his own private library, a couple of volumes—Reid on the J/'W and Coirpers Poems. These books wer source of never-failing enjoyment to me, and I used to think then when so little could muke one happy, how foolish it was to commit sin by wholesale, in the vain pursuit of happiness. During my gtay in Newgate the chaplain sent for me, from time to time, 2.nd \yas always ready" with a fresh book when I solicited the favor. The Rev. Mr. Davis, the then Ordinary of Newgate, was without doubt a true servant of his Heavenly Master, and I now record with grateful remembrance the Christian kindness whichlieextended tome. Surrounded as he was by the worst elements of human nature, be had faith in God's power to redeen}. He dealt largely in gentleness, knowing that '»The rugged rock oft holds within its bosom, Peep hidden, a fount of sweet and living waters, That needs but the soft power of some sweet influence To call it gashing fortb." It was in Newgate that I had noticed the ceaseless craving which exists among prisoners for tobacco. It is in the gaol what money is in the world. Only possess tobacco, a n d you c.iu command the services of those around you in any way you may wish. F<»r a couple of chews uf tobacco 1 have frequently known a mnn to part with nearly the whole of his day's food. Of course it was in Newgate a prohibited article ; but somehow, despite the vigilance of turnkeys, it used to penetrate eveni*>i!»evevycundcmncd cells. It was no unus'ial thing tu see jv man cutting oft" the large buttons off his coat, which in realty were pound polices of the narcotic weed ! pe.itly covered. I have known worshippers ! of the mighty nicotine principle sacrifice | their last shirt in testimony of their own great d^'JUWU- Eveiything was appraised by a tubacco standard of value. " Bill's ! tog," one would say, is worth three cosh ! of slutf." A third would be making anxious ! inquiries for some one to give him " three- ' ! pariaof a cosh for his satin Benjamin." A. kosh or cosh (the orthography is uncertain) of stuff is, in plain woras, a fig or plug of tobacco. I remember one day, when tobacco was an exceedingly scarce com mod ity, I was laughing at the woeful-looking visages of those around me, who. unable to obtain the least particle of the coveted weed, had very much the appearance of men , - . , , , m , w b ° "f™ g? m S to b ? , han g ed - ™y ^ere a " 80 "1-tempered there was no getj ting even a civil word from any of them, and even the ordinary professional avocations seemed to be at a standstill. The old lag was down on his luck, and hadn't a word to say. The housebreaking artist no longer sketched his illustrations upon . the ^ Payment; and young SulliVan ^mbly out of temper that he refused to give me my daily lesson in the dipping line. To put them all in good humor I managed to obtain a pencil and a bit of a wjiite calico shirt, and I composed . cross chap's address to his his mate in a fune of great tobacco scarcity." e lio lines were rubbish, which I should , «*»aTOea to repeat, but I did not think i B ?, at ,. he tirae -.\ , Havmg T" improvised the rhyming appeal to the charitable, I stuck it up in the yard, ari£*H? attracted the attention of the tm|HbBat the idiot had no aoul For huin«pEPR^rntroduced both me and my veraTto the governor, and I was locked up for three days. * T" BK CosnHDBD • Susan eoolidge is one of the few who h&rc; become rich from literary work. Loju> ago sbp built a handsome heuse in New. port f from the profits ...... of .. hcr'storics. She it notably fund of cUildrcfl and parrots.^Ofo ] wmtlcrj 