Til E LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curiocs stories nre told about the pmvers possessed by eertuiu natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men,, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and torces, which the rest oi the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," an these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remark able performance". Tho.v treated liiin rather scurvily but interest id him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some undent Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the hooks wore kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. I can't s >0 in read here, said the visitor. Then wo will have some light, was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, poarly light brightened tiio cave. He could not tell whence it cmne, but he noticed that it had one strange qua lily — it east not t he slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its' truth is ft (firmed by a man of vast learning and high olini- aot.or, and you who now read-it have no i en son for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. .lohnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon oarthquake, yet credited the talc of the Cock Lane ghost, A man who has beon ill for years-, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical wlion friends tell htm of a medicine which they heliovi will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience. Take an example : — ' In the spring of 'SSS, writes our correspondent, I fell into a low, weak, and "languid stutc. I felt low spirited and out of snr.ls. At lirst my stomach was ilcraugcd, uy appetite pour, and after eating 1 had- pain and weight at tho chest. I was mush troubled- .villi wind, an.l frequently spat up a sour lluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffersd from nervousness and groat depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but hadnlwaysu sense of discom fort. . Off nnd on I continued iu this wuv for two years, nothing that 1 tool: relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigcl's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only' u' few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervous ness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it uso:!, Lno y gladly admit its value, and its power- over disease. Since my recovery, for which 1 thank Mother Ueigel's Curative Syrup, I lmve been in the beat, of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to Betid you this testimony. (Signed) 11, Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hoculcy Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, IS93. . There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and tho story about the light that east no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot bo verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witnuss, who will answer letters of inquiry, andean be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are buc symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease- indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast mcii dark and territving shadows. And that is why people believe nit that is told of its success by eager witnesses. A on Tin; Bi.oou is Tin; Like. — Clarke's World famed Blood mixture is warranted to clonnso tho blood from all impurities from what ever causes arising. For Seriofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bud Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds its effect; are marvellous. Thousands oi wonderful dues have been effected by it. Sold everywhere at 9s 9d. Bewaro of worthless iiu titHon", 