A ROMANCE OF LIFE IN HIGH . PLACES. ' ' > By MISS BR ADD ON, Author of "When the World ' wa9 Y junger," "Aurora E'oyd," "Taken at the Blood," "Lady Audley's [Secret," "To tlie Bitter End," "The Trail of tha [Serpent," "l'hantom Fortune," &e.; [Published by special arrangement with thi author. Ail rights reserved.]' CHAPTER X.—(Continued). Francis Mountain established himself and nis secretary in a large double bedded room at the back of the house, with a capacious, fireplace, and three narrow windows looking on to a garden ; and after having supped in the public eating room on the ground floor, made haste to open his saddle-bags and lay out his best suit, or, indeed, his only suit save the leather jerkin and drugget hose in which he had crossed the Channel ; for it was this gentleman's practice to provide himself with the richest suit of clothes that his cash or credit could com mand, and to live in it till it was thread bare, by which means, as he boasted, he wanted neither specious coder or cum brous cupboard, and was ever at the top of the fashion. - " To-morrow night we will go to Court, George," he said, as he somewhat ruefully ■ contemplated the tarnished laee on his vel vet doublet. " I doubt iny coat will look as well as the rest by candle-light. I have a letter for Queen Anne, from that harassed lady, Per Royal sister-in-law ; and so we are sure of a welcome. You shall find yourself in a scene that excels Den mark House or Whitehall as the midday sun outshines a church candle." The Queen Jlegent was still at theLouvre whence she shortly afterwards removed to' the Palais Cardinal—-that newer and more elegant residence which Richelieu had be queathed to his master. It was at the louvre that George Mountain was admitted for- the first time to the Royal presence, and where he was allowed to kneel and kiss the whitest hand in France, and to behold the arms and shoulders that had dazzled Bnckingham, when Austria's fair daughter was the girl-wife of an unloving husband, and still a stranger in the land. That Royal bust was more opulent now than twenty years ago, but the ineompar au.e whiteness which courtly poets nad praised was as remarkable to-day as in her Majesty's first youth, while the deep black of her gown and veil, relieved only by a magnificent parure of pearls accentuated the transparent purity of her complexion, and gave dignity to her too" ample figure. Mr. Mountain and his page were pre sented to the Regent by that distinguished exile, Secretary Windebauk, who, although a fugitive from England at the beginning of the troubles was a favorite at the Freuch Court; and her Majesty's recep tion was of a marked graeiousness. It was indeed a distinguished privilege for these two untitled Englishmen to be received in that inner drawing-room where the Queen Regent was wont to spend her evening in a solemn, tete-a-tete with her chief Minister, who was present on this occasion, a courteous assistant .at'the interview. •. ' The Queen asked many questions about her unhaupv sister-in-law, and expressed an affectionate' regard for that courageous and unfortunate lady. '• I wish my poor sister would leave your ungrateful country, where she has suffered greater sorrow and humiliations than ever a Royal daughter of France endured, .and has seen her creed insulted and her priests ill-used. Here she would have a cordial welcome a,ncl peaceful ^ asylum a safe shelter from the cruelty of your barbarous people, who, by tlieir late treatment of tnat poor lady, can be: scarcely, escaped from the savagery of the age when they painted their bodies and • ran wild in " " Your Majesty must not forget; that there has been some intermingling of Gau lish blood in the English race since those ! aboriginal Britons cut the mistletoe m . their primeval forests,"' said Mazarin witn that insinuating smile which lit his face with a sudden and almost dazzling bright ness, but which his detractors declared he . had learnt before liis looking- glass, as a comedian learns his craft, rehearsing tne play of features till he can assume an ex pression at will, however at varience with the workings of the mind behind the mask. The cnrrHnal had his foot already on the steps of the throne, his hand already on the sceptre which he was so soon to wield with undisputed power; yet ho one had ever seen him angry; no. one had ever re ceived a hard answer, even to the most audacious demand. >.he velvet glove had been in evidence on all occasions; and if the hand of. steel were undefneath that silken softness no one had felt the grip of it vet awhile. . " „ The regency began as a golden'age. All tlie prison doors were opened; all the exiles were returning. Queen Anne, who had been pitied and praised rather because she had been slighted and persecuted than for any distinguished virtues of her own, seemed incapable of unkindness, even to an ! enemy. The princes of the Royal blood, the princes of the half-blood, the gallant j Henri's titled grandsons and grand daughters, all alike rejoiced in the reign of universal indulgence. Richelieu, before I whom guilty and guiltless alike had trem bled—Richelieu whose assassination had been the desire of hearts that failed and hands that blundered, and against whose charmed existence treason had plotted and swords had been sharpened in vain, had succumbed to the common enemy, and the reign of the infant King was hailed as the beginning of tlie millennium. Enthusiasm of this kind, an all-consen ting approbation, can hardly be expected to last long." The golden age was scarcely three months old when the plot ters resumed their plotting, and the assas sins' daggers were on the grindstone. Cardinal . Mazarin condescended "to ac company Mountain and his page when they left'the Royal presence, and conducted, them through the more select circle of an- • eient nobility and royal blood to the outer and larger saloon, in which a crowd of . beauties and fops, dowagers and veterans, were assembled, many of them engaged at the card-tables, while others clustered in little coteries, or walked about, full of talk and laughter, and with that animated gesticulation which gave a factitious bril liancy to their conversation; and made the most insignificant speech seem full of point and meaning. George was the more., struck by this superabundant "vivacity after bis observation of English people, whose lack of movement and expression suggested a lack of wit, but whose dis course he had rarely found wanting in sense, or humor. Here it was not speech alone that conveyed ideas. ' Eyebrows, shoulders, elbows, hands, were full of subtle meaning. A reputation died at the lifting of finely arched brows; a sovereign contempt was expresed by the turn of an elbow, a lover was reduced to despair by " the airy motion of a delicate hand, and beauty's alabastsr shoulders could blast a rival's character with a shrug. Into this noisy rabble, but only a little way across the threshold, Mazarin accom panied the Englishman and his attendant, George standing respectfully behind his master .while the cardinal whispered in ' Mountain's" attentive ear. - There was a ' large Venetian mirror on the opposite "wall, and George glancing idly at the glass caught his own reflection, and the reflec tion of the cardinal's face looking, at him witn. a startled expression, lips parted in arrestea speech, eyes full of a sudden won- ' der. George could but wonder, too, for the faces had a curious likeness, allowing for the disparity between youth and middle age, and also for a considerable difference in coloring. Mazarin's countenance was dark with tlie glowing olive of Southern Europe, while George's complexion had the brilliant fairness seldom seen save in an Englishman. Perhaps every one is familiar with that' involuntary recollection of a long forgotten scene, which flashes with a, startling sud denness across the mirror of the mind— a scene that has no relevance to the thought or the action of: the moment, and which rises like an unbidden ghost before the "mental vision. Such a memory flashed across George Mountain's brain as he looked at the Car dinal's face in the glass; the picture of that one most awful scene in Ins ebfliBsh experience; the deserted hall at Ports mouth; the dead form under the volumin ous mantle; the dead face looking up at the ceiling, terrible in its ashen pallor, yet beautiful with all' that humanity. has of dignity and grace. " • / In after days, when he heard people talk of the resemblance between Mazarin" and George Villiers, and liow Cardinal "Riche lieu had speculated on the likeness as an influence over the romantic Queen, George understood why. that tragic spectacle had recurred to him amidst the buzz and glitter of so different a scene. That sudden pause in the Cardinal's whisper had not escaped Francis Moun tain, who had also noted the great man's look at the mirrored face, and from the glass to the man, and had interpreted his surprise. , ' ■ "I am such a casual blockhead as never " to have remarked your likeness . to his Eminence till I saw liirn stare at you," " Mountain said, as they walked from the Louvre to their lodgings, "but such re semblances are common enough where men are so lucky as to be living copies of the antique. I hope the accident may bring you into favor -with.one who, 'tis said, will i isopn be as powerful-in France as Richelieu j Was last year. i George had too ■ independent a spirit to | curry favor with foreign greatness, or to desire the Cardinal's patronage. After J three years' residence in England, and in a city overshadowed by the gloom of groWing.rebelliOii,'-aird made distasteful to: nim-'by the ''judicial; murder of Strafford and the persecution of the bishops, this gay and light-hearted Paris seemed a new world, and he could but note the happier atmosphere, albeit be had left personal happiness -rbehind him. - True:that here,] too, there had been tragedies as terrible as the doom of Thomas Wentworth. Lives as noble had been snapped short by the headsman, and Richelieu's rule had been written in blood. But Frenchmen forget easily, and the new reign, the woman's reign, had begun in a burst of sunshine. George plunged into the court vortex with a somewhat feverish alacrity. Hav ing lost the tranquil gladness of those gar dens by the Thames. Geraldine's too dear companionship, and the friendship of Lady" Uanbister,' he would fain have drowned every fond retrospection, every I thought of his namless birth, every anxiety about-his unprovided future, in the merry go-round of Paris dissipations: • There were plenty: of amusement offered to a young man in that wonderful city-—the fencing school, with its endless interest for a good swordsman, the riding-school, founded by the famous Pluvinel near the Place Royal, when Henry IV. was King, where the Princes of the blood royal were trained in trie noble art of riding the great horse, and where the education of horse and rider was elaborated to a perfection unattained in any- other academy; theatres; puppet shows; the evening ride along the Cours la Reine; the modish assemblies in Renard's Garden; al fresco dances, al fresco suppers; festivals at which his Majesty did not dis dain tp appear; and most of all, that liberty to mix in the nightly crowd of princes, peers, and commoners, which the indulgence of the Queen Regent allowed to throng her saloons to babble their scandals and impertinences, and to whisper the ribald epigram composed over the morning drink in some .paid scribbler's garret, printed by stealth" in a cellar, and bandied from lip to lip in the evening, almost within her Ma jesty's hearing. Under a rule so lax,/it was easy for Francis Mountain to obtain admission for himself and his secretary to the Court circle. It was not the first time he had carried a letter from Henrietta Mdria to her sister-in-law, for he had served as mes senger between those two Royal ladies for some years past, and had also been a prime agent in the secret correspondence of that much- persecuted heroine of romantic ad venture, 'Madame de Chevreuse, during Richedieu's long day of power, when she pleaded and plotted in vain for permission to return to ner- family and her estates. [To .be continued from day to day lill finished.] 