OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. WE HERSCHELS AND MODERN AS TRONOMY fBv A ernes M. Clarke.] "While I'was looking about for readable books on astronomy I came on one in the '"Century {Science feeries" that has been a real treat—"The Hersehels and Modem Astronomy." Even if you are not particu larly interested in astronomy, von will find i . the Hersehels themselves delightful. There are three biographies in the book (or bio-1 graphical sketches rather) of Sir William Jlei-schel, Caroline Hersehel (his sister), and (Sir John Hersehel (his son). - The first two , are the most interesting and least technical, William Hersehel was the son of a band master of the Hanoverian Guard. He was born November 15, 1738, and, while still a boy, entered the band as oboist. Cam paigning did not suit hiin, as he was not; strong, so his parents shipped him off to England in 1757. He landed with a French crown piece in his pocket. How lie got on at first l.do not know; but lie got employ ment as a musician, and his ability as a violinist- brought him into notice, and through-it he made friends with Dr. Miller, organist and historian, of Donc-astef, who \- did everything lie c-ould to bring him for ward. iii 1765 William Hersehel competed ior the post of organist at Halifax. His, chief rival, Dr. Wamwright, was a skilled playei, and went in for a great deal "of execution. Most people were delighted; but the builder of the organ, a German named , Bdmetzler said, "'He runs about the keys] like one cat; he gif my pipes no time for to slipeak." ♦ "Then Herscliel. mounted the loft," the writer says, "and the Church was filled with "a. majestic volume of sound, under cover of which a stately melody made itself heard. The "Old Hundredth'' followed with eiginl effect. Scluietricr was beside himself with delight, "J vil luf (lis man," he cried, because he gif my pipes time for to shpeak." Hersehel got the appointment (hough he had only begun to learn organ playing a short time before. He went to Hath in 1766 as oboist in Liuley's orchestra, and be came oiganist at the Octagon Chapel next year. Now Bath, you must remember, was it most fashionable place in the time of the Ciorgrs. fro he came into notice, mid had a number of pupils—some of them of high rank. In his own struggle he did not for get those at heme, and got his brother Alexander a place in Liuley's Orchestra in 1771\. while in tile following year he went to Hanover and brought hack his sister Caroline. IVor little Caroline, she was nearly twelve years younger than he was, and the Cinderella oi' the family. Her lather wished to educate her so that she might earn her own living, so he taught tier to play the violin: hut the-lessons had to he given when her mother was out of the nay or in a good humour, for she had strict ideas on woman's education, and kept Caudine stonily to household drudgery. Hie allowed her to learn reading and writ ing, but not arithmetic, but from her cariicst years trained her in. sewing and knitting.* .She had to knit stockings, poor unto, when she was so tiny that the end o] the -tucking touched the ground while she was tiuishing the toe. Here brother William was the only one of the family who took much notice of her. She lost her self once when she was six trying to meet her lather and brother, who had been away in England with the IlanovarianGuard.but she missed them, and wandered about for , some time till at last stie found her way borne. and found them all at dinner—they had not noticed her absence. But William jumped up from the table, and pelted and made much of the poor little girl, and made herforgct t he cold and weariness and soitow at being unnoticed, llcr father died when she was seventeen, and she found herself only yuaiified to be a housemaid. She learned fancy" work hoping to get a place as a governess, and took lessons in dress making and millinery. But just then Wil liam wrote from Bath inviting her to come to him, and sing in his concerts, and keep house for him. While she waited for permission to go she practised the solo,parts of violin concertos as vocal I exercises, "shake and all," so that, as site j says "J had gained a tolerable execution | before 1 knew how to sing."' She also sewed hard, making a stock of clothes for j those she was about to leave behind. Wil- j linn: came, paid his mother enough to enable her to keep a servant, and took Caroline back to Batli, where she had to leain English, arithmetic, anil account keeping as well as singing. After a few months' study she came easily to the front, .•Hid when sue had overcome her foreign lucent she took the thut soprano parts in "The Messiah,*' "Sampson," "Judas Mae cnhi.eus," and oilier oratorios. In the meantime William, who, after i fourteen or sixteen hours of teaching, I would, as the biographer says, "unbend his mind"' by plunging into Maclauvin's "Fluxions,or retire to rest witli a basin ' nf milk, Bniitb's "Onticks," and Ferguson's Astronomy. He nail no sooner fallen under the* spell of this last science than he "resolved to take nothing upon trust, but to see with my own eyes all that other men had done before." That was the beginning of i(. He hired a rirall telescope, which made him wish for lnoie. As he could not afford to buy a laigc one he decided to make one. This was in 1772. In summer, when most people had left Bath, he and his brother set to worl. and turned the house upside down, "Alexander, a bom mechanician, set up a huge Jatlie in one of the bedrooms; a cabinet-maker was installed in the drawing room; Caroline, in spite of secret dismay at such unruly proceedings, lent a band and kept meals going. William directed, in spired, toiled with the ardour of a man win, had staked his life on the issue. Mean u bile, music could not be neglected. Prac tising and choir training went on, novel ties for the ensuing season were prepared, compositions written, and parts copied. Then tile winter brought the usual round of tuitions and performances, while all the' time mirroi-fi were being ground and po lished, tried and rejected without inter mission. At last, after 200 failures, a tole rable reflecting telescope was produced. , . The outcome may seem small for so great an expenditure of pains; but those 20Q failures made the Octagon Chapel Oi-ga- • nist an expert, uuappvoaehed and unap proachable in the construction of specula." There—I gave that bit just to abow what sort of people the Hersehels were. Of course they got on. At- first music was their pro fession. and astronomy their amusement, lie used liis firatejeleseone for the first time on March 4, 1774, made more and used thcm till on the night of Marc-h, 13, 1781, he discovered a new planet—the one now known as "Uranus." Music before long gave place to astronomy. In 1782 he was ap pointed Koyal Astronomer. The salary was only £200 a year, but lie added to it bv making telescopes. King William III. paid six hundred guineas a piece for four ten-foot reflectors, £3,150 was received for a. twentv-five foot sent to Spain, and in 1814 £2,310 from Lucien Bonaparte for two smaller ones. • I cannot go on with the story without spoiling it. William. Hersehel worked on, assisted by hiB brother, in making tele '7 436 scopes, by biB blister in using them, i: She : never had time to Study astronomy syste matically. "My dear brother William, she I wrote, "was my only teacher, and we he-. fan generally when we should have ended; e. supposing that I knew all. that went be fore. , , Nevertheless, she hot only helped him in ■ his work, but discovered several comets on j her own account. - - ■ . . .. I am afraid I have not been able to tell you what a bright, brave, unselfisb .woman she was — one cannot condense without spoiling. I enjoyed the book immensely, and I think some of you would like it too. Willunga, August 9, 1898. My dear Magpie—I am one ..of Uncle Harry's nieces whom you liave never heard from before. I ain glad you started the "Sunbeam Bookshelf." I.ike most of your other correspondents X have read "Lilile Women," "Little Women Wedded," and "Little. Men," by Liouisa Aleott. T would like to read "The Eight Cousins" by the same author. I have read "The Seven Little Austra lians," "The Family at-Misrule," and "The. Little Larrikin," .by Ethel Turner. Of the three 1 like "Tile Seven Little Australians" best, although it ended very sadly. " have read "Polly, or A New Fashioned Girl," by L". J. T. Meade. This book was presented to trie by Uncle Harry as a present ■ for making a . pinafore. The ■ book is very much like "The Seven Little Australians," except that the children in it were not quite so naughty. 1 have read ."Woman's Friendship," by Grace Aguilar, and "The Flower of the Family," by E. Prentiss. I am reading now "A Voyage in tiic Sunbeam," by Lady Hrassey. I am in the sixth class at school, and our teacher got the book for us to read. I find it very interesting because some of the people who were on the Sunbeam during that voyage are alive. now, and living in our own country. I have also read "Marley's Ghost," b.v Dickens, and 1 intend reading "The Oid Curiosity Shop" and "XicluJas. Nicklcby" by the same author. I must tell you my age, so that you may know what books I would like to read. 1 am twelve years of age. With best wishes for the prosperity of the "Suniieam Bookshelf," I am. dear Magpie, yours very sincerely, F.D1TI1 ISOBEL FITZPATR1CK. Thanks for your letter, Edith — I am always glad to hear from Uncle Harry's ".Sunbeams." I suppose it was the name that first attracted you to Lady7" Hrassey's book. 1 am glad you like reading about real people. Must it not- have been de lightful sailing about to ' all sorts of beautiful places? If you . are fond of travels, there are no end of de lightful books for yon to read. 1 think you would like some of .Miss Fiordon F'ummiiig's. "tiranite Frags," "Fire.Foun tains," and '"Two Happy Years in F'eylou" j arc till good. Quite a batch of letters front Taylor's j FLip—Edith, Harold, Mabel Woodlands— Ada 'Woodlands has also written, and Edith j ami Harold have both sent essays for the first competition. Well done! j Taylor's Gap, August IT, 180S. j Dear Magpie—1 am now going to Write to you. again, ami give you the names of a few more books that 1 have read. The list of books that I wrote about before were all my own, with the ex ception oi one or two. most of lliein being prizes iron, school. The following arc the names;:— "Ho-sie and Her Friends," by Joanna U. Mathews, . a very good book: "The "Luck Penny," by C. A, Mercer: "The Snowstorm," liv Sirs, (tore: "Chas ing the Sun." by R. M. Bailantyne; "Pieciola," by X. Bunifaoe-Snmtinc—this hook 1 did not care lor very much, as it is not very interesting; "Alice End and other Tales"—this, also, was a very pood hook; "Order and Disorder," "The Cuckoo in the Robin's X'est," by Mrs. A. 11. pilar!in; "Nobly Planned." hv M. B. Manwell; "Abe Green," by Silas 1{. Hocking—a splendid book. This will complete the list for this time. 1 will conclude now. hoping that the "Bookshelf" will still go on and prosper as it is doing.—1 re main, yours truly. EDITH WOODLANDS. J see you are beginning to cultivate likes and dislikes — think out. the why of these, and it will help you to form clear ideas of what you read. You have got to "not in teresting;" why is ib "not interesting" is the next stop"; but not an easy one. j Taylor's Gap, near Kapunda, August 17, 189?. j Dear Magpie—1 am glad to sze the "Bookshelf" progressing so weli, and that many take an inte rest in it. I am trying in the competition, but it is the tirst lime I have tried. This is a list ot some books 1 have read;—"Tact, Push, and | Principle." by William Thayer, which is a very ! nice hook, and well worth reading; "The Master ' Hand." liv "Pansy," and could you tell me the sequel to it. as 1 should very much like to read it; "O'er Cr.inliourne's Oaks," by the Rev. T. David sen; "Bessie and Her Friends," "Maggie and Bessie," by Joanna 11.' Matthews, two very nice books; "Pieciola," by X. Boniface-Saintine, I do not care much about, as it is not very interesting; "The Lively Poll," by R. 31. Bailantyne—a very nice book;' "Tom Walkins' Mistake," by Emma Leslie: "Nobly Planned," by M. B. Manwell; "Alec Green," by Silas K. Hocking—a very nice book; "Tom Brown's Schooldays," by An Old Boy. It is a very interesting book. 1 will now conclude, wishing vou cverv success.—I remain, yours trulv, HAROLD WOODLANDS. i am glad you like "Tom Brown." He is au old friend of mine. Have you read "St. Winifreds," by Dean Farrar? It is a story of a boy's school, and I tun sure you would like it. Taylor's Gap, August 15, 189S. Dear Magpie—1 am now writing a letter, as 1 have not written before. 1 am very fond of read ing, and read your letter every week, and hope it will be a success, l will now write a list ot books I have road:—"Elsie and the Raymonds," by Martha Finley; "Cleared at laist," by Julia God dard; "Kitty Carroll," by L. E. Tiddeman; "The History o( Five Little Pitchers," by 31. B. Hum: "Little Threads," "Sepperi, the Drummer Boy," by 3Iary C. Howell; "Pieciola, or the Prison Flower," "t'hrissy's Endeavour," l>y "Pansy;" "The Cuckoo in the Robin's Nest," by 3Irs. A. H. Martin; "A Rasli Promise," by .Mrs. Lowndes; "Diamonds in the Sand," by S. T. A. Hadcliffe: "Maggie and Bessie," by Joanna 11. Mathews; "What Hilda Saw," by l'euelope Leslie; "The Lively l'oll," by H. M. Bailantyne; "Tom Walkins' Mistake," by Emma Leslie. The books I like best are "Chrisny's Endeavour," "A Hash Pro mise," and "Maggie and Bessie." I will now con (hale.—I remain, vours truly, MABEL WOOD LANDS. Thank you, Mabel. 1 hope I shall hear iloin you again. Taylor's Gap, August 15, 1898. Dear Magpie—I am puing to write to give you a list oi books 1 have read:—"Little Nell," by Emily Brodie; "Kittie Carroll." by L. E. Tidde man; "Dot's Story-book," "Little Cross-bearers," "Order and Disorder." I am nine years and a half old. I will conclude now.—1 remain, jours truly, ADA WOODLANDS. I am glad to hear from you, Ada. You will notice 1 hgve left out some of the names of the books you liave read, because your sister, Mabel, had mentioned them.already. I wonder if "Order and Disorder' is a story I read long ago, and waS very fond of. It. came out tirst in "Little Folks," if I am not mistaken. What fun you must have talking over the books you have l'ead; you are quite a reading society by your selves. Hamley Bridge, August 3, 1898. Dear Magpie—1 am an Associate Member of the Sunbeam Society, and, as I am very fond of read ing, i thought I should like to write to you. 1 like Annie S. Swan's books very much. I have read "Carlowric," "A Divided House," "Wrongs. Righted," "St. Vedas," "Dorothea Kirk," "The Secret Panel." I think Silas IF. Hocking's hooks are splendid. Thc-se are some of his that I have read:—"Alec Creen," "For Abigal," "Ivy," "Real Grit" (I liked that very much), "Tregtagles' Head," "Uecdyford," "Iii9 Father." 1 like "Dontbey and Son" and "The Chimes," by Charles Dickens. "Fortunes of Nigel" was a nice book, and I think was written by Charles Kingsley. I have read "Campion Court," by E. J. Worboise, and "Dorothy Arden," by F. M. CallweU. I read "Uncle Tom's Cabin" a long time ago, and I should like to read it again, 1 often read my favourite hooks over again. 1 have not read "Water Baltics," but 1 should like to very "much. I am trying to get "KenHworth" to! read. I like "Home influence" anl '."A Mother's Recompense," by Grace Aguilar. Seven Little Australians" and "The Family at Misrule," by Ethel Turner, are splendid. Judy, was my favourite character .in "Seven Little Australians," and 1. think her death almost spoUt-jttabrolc. "little - Women" and '-'Good Vfiv&fwere; nice, books, Jjut ,1. forget who.: wrote them. I think Jo was A splendid girl. I shall have to stop now, or IdiaB ^weary you.' 11 think the "Bookshelf" a splendid idea.—AVith best.] wishes, I remain, yours truly, EVA EXCELL. Write again, Eva; I am very glad to hear I from yon. "The Fortunes of Nigel" is by j Sir Walter Scott, notCkarles KingBley, and I I remember enjoyinE it, though it is so long I since I read it that 1 am afraid I could not \ tell the story now. "Kenilworth" I am 1 reading now.I have always avoided it be- ] fore as too sad. As you are going to read ] . it too; suppose we compare -notes. Write 1 to me again when-you have read it. Ij think we were all sorry for Judy in "Seven Little Australians," but the chapter ,iu i which she dies is wonderfully well written. Gilberton, August 13, 1898. Dea: Magpie—One of your readers wants to know. | the name of the author of "TEe Fifth "Form of j St.-. Dominies." The late. Talbot Haines Reed, wioie it and man)' others that wore first pub lished in the "Boy's.Own Paper." Among* them are "Sir Ludar," "Adventures - of a Guinea j Watch,". "Cock House of Fellsgartli," "Master j of the Shell." Mr. Reed died about five years ago, ,' 1 think. 1 have read a good many boys' books dining the- last eight years. Below arc the names j and authors of some of them:—R. M. Ballantyne, about seventeen of tliis author's, all good ones, too, "The Fugitives" and "Filing tile Bold" in j particular; G. A. Hcnly, about twelve of bis; about five each of Captain Mavne Reid's, W. H. G. Kingston, Smedlev, H. L. Stevenson, David Ker, Jules Verne, and Ascott R. Hope. 1 like George Manvillc Fcnn's books' veiy much. "Brown- ] smith's Boy" 1 think is a splendid book, although som; ol liis otlier ones come close to it. . I have I read twelve books about "ndian adventures by. the j Rev. E. S. Eilis, including the "Decrfoot" series, i and enjoyed tlicni very mueli. 1 think the books i like best of all I have read are "St. Winifreds, "Tom Brown's Schooldays," and "Westward llo." The author of the first is named Farrar. lie also wrote a book called "Eric," which I did not like nearly as well as "St. Winifreds." Tire hero. Erie, goes to the bad when at school, and finally dies in n most aggravating way, although' | vvbei: reading the book you would expect him to refcrm as he sees his folly and wants to reform. Have you read "Uncle Ucmns," by K. S. Harris. It is a very amusing book for. the ''kiddies," con sisting of several yarns told to a child by an old negio slave. "Bevis, a Tale of a Boy,'" is another good book, by R. Jefferies. I am at present reading Mark Twain's "Innocents Abicad," and think it is very good. His des criptions of various places visited by him are far better than most descriptions by travellers. "Tom Sawyer" and "Hueklebery Finn' I have read. I liked (lie first best. I like reading your letter every week. I am a Sunbeam Associate, and take some interest in the Society's doings..—Youis truly, E. JAY. P.S.—Dickens's books 1 have not read much, about five altogether, but; 1 ex pect to read more of his works soon. I like" Coi.an Doyle's books very much. "Rodney Stone" I liked extremely. It is so written that one feels as though lie were living in Nelson's time, and seeing the scenes mentioned.—L. J. Thank you for the information about tbe author of the "Fifth Form at St. Domi nies;' and the list of boys' stories you send. Next time you write will you write your name, not your initial only". One puzzles over an initial, while a name has more indi viduality. I read ".'Uncle ltenius," or part of it, at least, as it came out in an Ameri can magazine, and liked it. What a ter rible fellow Bre'v Rabbit was! August 13, 1S9S. Dear Magp:o—I can only echo tiie opinion of s.j many of your correspondents in expressing my feelings towards ilic "Sunbeam Bookshelf." I am an Associate myself, so therefore take, an inlciest in anything concerning the Society. I am passionately fond of reading, and have "read a great nmnhci' of books, of which tiie following are a few:—"Second Lieutenant folia," by Lillias Campbell' Davidson, which I enjoy ed very much. It was one of the last J have read." By Mrs, Henry Wood—"East Lvnne," "The Cbannings," anil Roland Yorke" (very good).- By Silas llocking "For Abigail," "Tregeagle's Head," "Sea Waif," and "llecdfoid." 1 like them all very much, but "For Abigail" is the best, and "All Men arc Liars," but 1 think that is by Joseph Hocking. l)o you know? "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and "I'oga nuc People," by H. B. Sfowe—have you read it? ] It is a very interesting book. "Donovan," "We Two." and "Dorcen." by Edna Lyall. Iter's are splendid. Miss E. Turner's "Seven Little Aus tralians." "The Family at Misrule," and "Miss Bobbie," very good, but I think very childish. "The Bride's Home" and "The Two Henriettas " by Emma Marshall. By Dickens—"Bleak House," ••Nicholas Nicklebv," "Old Curiosity Shop," "Oliver Twist," "Pickwick Papers," and "Ameri can Notes." I cannot agree with you about Evan Wilson's books, as 1 have read several by her, and like them very much. I suppose it would no', do for every one to have the same opinion, do von? E. P. Boe's 1 like very much, sueli as j "Barriers Burned Away," "A Young Girl's Woo ing,' and "From Jest to Earnest," "John Hali fax," "(Jueechy," "Handy Andy," "A Knight of j lite Nineteenth Century," "Old Helmet," "Robin son Crusoe," "Pilgrim's Progress," and "Ivanhoe" arc all n..v'favourites. I have also read several of the "Elsie Series" and "Pansy," hut cannot say I care for .tliem. I am very fond of real adventure, and nave read a good many of them. 1 think tiie best was one 1 read about six years ago, called "Adventures Ashore and Afloat," but 1 forget the' author. Could you tell it to me? I must stop here, or I shall weary you with all this I will wiite again soon if I inay.—Yours sincerely, MABEL. 1 am 17 jears old. I have not read "Pognnuc People," but I believe it is supposed fo be particularly well written. Who can tell who "Adven tures Ashore .and Afloat.''" 'is by? The author you ask about certainly writes inte resting stories,-but 1 am afraid they are apt to be too sensational for me to recommend here—too sentimental too; and 1 object to sentimentality, even more titan to sensa tion. Real life is apt to seem so tame after a course of sentimental reading. Don't you tliink so? Ourranmlka, August 8, 1898. Deai Magpie-1 think the "Sunbeam Bookshelf" a splendid idea. 1 am exceedingly fond of read ing. and have read a great number of hooks. I have road most of the "Pansy" r-orics, and think some of them are very nice. I have also read "Heme Influence" and "A Mother's Recompenee," by <ii;,ee Aguilar. These are iwo books which to my idea would benefit every girl by reading. 1 have just lately read (wo of Edna Lyall's books, "A Knight Errant" and "We Two." I think iliesc arc two of the nicest hooks 1 have ever read. Is not Carlo D in a "Knight Errant" a splendid character, so brave and true? neve once swerving from wiiat lie knew to lie his duty He is mv ideal man. I have also read "Little Women" and "Little Women Wedded." by L. Alcott; "Beulah," by J. Evans Wilson; "'Uncle Tom's Cabin," bv Mrs. Stowe; "The Open ing of a Chestnut Burr," "From Jest to Ernest," "Marl. Desborougli's Vow," and "A Better Part," by A. S. Swan.. These are only a few books out of the number, I have read, but will write about tiie vest the next time. With all best wishes for the "Booksbeif's" success, and trusting I have not wearied you with - my. long letter, I am, jours truly, HILDA LOVELOCK. By all means write again. Never mind giving a complete list of all the books you nave ever read, but mention those that have struck you most, giving reasons, and noting the best drawn characters, as you have done in the ease of Edna Lyall s "Knight Errant." If Carlo is your ideal character, you are ready for the third com petition, at any rate. Dublin, August 15, 1898. Dear Magpie—I am going to write to you again. I hope you have not forgot (ell me. I enjoy very much reading the letters of mj* fellow Sunbeams and j-our remarks. I quite agree with j-our correspondent, A. J. Smith, regarding the passage in A. E. Wilson's book about the "strange sound of her hair trailing on the carpet affected hint (Kusseil Aubrej-, the hero) strangely," but it is ] in "Macaria," not "Infeliec" that this passage occurs. I thought "mj-sclf when 1 got there that it was very, untidy, if at all possible, for her to let her hair "trail" in that manner. But your correspondent makes another slight mistake. Russell-. Aubrej'. the person so "strangely affected," was not, I believe, in another room, but simply "leaning against the wall, with his | aims crossed over his chest," watching her. It is of no consequence, of course, but llierc is some difference in detecting a. sound happening in another room and one in the same room as your self.' "'And in all things let us be just," so, thr-ngli l am no admirer'of tfiss WilBon's, 1 write i to correct this slight error. Hoping ■ I Iiave not 1 tired you, t willoowciose.—I am, routs sincerely, HILDA .^M. DKISGOLL. ? ' • - i ^ . Thank, you, Hilda. I havenofforgotten f>u, and am -not likely to when yon write ttetfa so mudi to the purpose. - You see I read; the book in question some time ago,' and did not care.for it endngli to remempier it very:clearly, or I should have noted,the: mistake.. I hope you will often, write. Cer- i taiqly we must be fair and accurate, who-: evet ' we are dealing- with— in fact," one should be niost:eareful in this respect when; dealing with ail author one doesnotlike, : A. Wallaroo Bay, August .10, 1898, 1 Dear Magpie—I think it is about time I ^rroto1 to you again, but I. thought 1 would wait awhile before writing, so that I could have tune - to: writs .the first essay and read some more books. ,i l am sending you my manuscript by the same mail J as "fills. It contains 595 words or about, not more,;; licwevcr. 1 hardly think that I will succeed in n winning, tlie prize, because in all the. competi-;■ ttohs gii'en by Uncle Hairy I have.failed lo-plea^. .1 At.any late, one can't do more than try. Perhaps! my . essay , is not quite to the point, as I didn't j write much about the author. In essay- Np^.3, i "VoUi- favourite character and why?," do .ybu: tnear. by your favourite character one .\jboiu ~y'ou i admire in a book or ia general, such as. A .witty] person, adventurous, &c.;, My .version ofthe ; author I Wrote about might not agree with others, j put, mind you, dear Magpie, it is not my favourite i author, only one I like equal to many another. I Since" last 1 wrote to you I have read. "EAst i Lyime," by Mrs. Henry Wood. I think 'it js' a ! verv" deep story, and made me nearly cry in.'some : places. Rider Haggard's "Eric BrightcyoS,11 ; which, tliougli fairly yarny, is very interesting! I I think those northern people in olden'days are ' to be envied for (heir courage and daring, .though | the bloodshed at -.that time was rather too] numerous, to.be pleasant. Dear old Eric, 1 was i so sorry lie died, though it was only imagination, j He quite won my heart when lie was determined ; to go to Asmunt Yule Feast by no other way "bht • the road down the "Golden Falls."- I have I followed the suggestion made, by Uncle Harry j in one of his letters, to write on No. 2 sheet | and 3, but I have also written on Kos. 1 and .4. | I was sorry I missed writing to "you in' the dis- ] cussion of "Uncle Tom's Cabin," but I am such I a lazy girl. Good-bve. With love, I remain, ] your. truly, NORMA C. MUELLER. T am glad to liear from you again, Norma, and to receive your essay — of whieli ] can not, bf course, speak at present. . I am • sorry that you have been unfortunate in past competitions, but read, think, and try, above, all things, to make your work "to the point" — that is the heart and soul of essay writing. 1, too, am very fond of reading notices of books. Do vou ever see the "Literary World?" It is not so slashing and severe in its versions as the "Atlieneuni," but it keeps one up to date. But, my dear child — there, I suppose you will be up in arms at being considered young, so I will take it the other way— ! since you are so grown up in your tastes, do, do, do, please, read something solid—• j travel, biography, or at least standard novels. You umy be lazy, but your mind is, j I think, naturally active. Give it some plain, solid, wholesome food. Read things that make you think, and see if it does not work bettor. I know myself what a trouble an active imagination is till it gels properly into harness, and I know what I am talking about when 1 say read real things, tine things, beautiful things, and think alinnt them on vour own account. MAGPIE. 