CHILDREN'S GOLUMN. THE GHOST OF ALDERWODE. ? * ? ! 'There's no help for it. We shall have to take a. haunted house,' I exclaimed, dashing down an account book. ^'-A haunted house !' gaspsd four mouths around me. 'That is so,' I rejoined. ' Oar income amounts to the sum of £98 pec annum. Out of that four people have to be fed, clothed, and housed — four useless people, utterly incapable of doing anything for their living,' I added, bitterly and some what cruelly. ' Haunted houses are occa sionally to be had at low rents ; if we could chance on one it would be a god send.' ' So think I,' said Jerome, my elder brother. ' I shall go to bed every night in a Jubilee illumination of gaslight — that will settle them ! They're a weak-eyed, owlish set — perfectly useless in a glare.' ' It's my belief as soap and water settles ghos's quicker nor anything,' said Martha, oar good old family domestic, lingering at the door. 'They can't abide the smell of -it. What they like are dirty, cobwebby *oles as no one else'll live in. Give 'em plenty of hard scouring, soda, and furni ture polish, and they're miserable. Yon sever catch ghos's coming anigh at spring cleabin's or on washing days,' nodding her head knowingly. ' Paint, varnish, and plain, wholesome whitewash are the things,' cried Gas, my schoolboy brother, who dabbled in amateur painting and enamelling. . ' You won't find a ghost putting its nose within a mile of those — they'd give it the colic.' 'I shall try asking them for donations to the Old Women's Clothing Olub,' primly remarked our fair sister Renzel, who was an angel of mercy in the parish. ' Bravo, Benny 1 We shall never be troubled with them after that 1' shouted Gag. 'Perhaps the Restoration Fund would be better/' added Renael, reflectively. ' Not being accustomed to clothing them selves, maybe they wouldn't take kindly to the notion for old women,' . . ' They won't stop to take to anything — cept their heels,' remarked Jerome. ' We'll put up large notices,' said I. ? ' Ghosts, beware ! Spring cleanings held here every spring, summer, autumn, and winter. Washing days frequent ; gas every-, where ; cleanliness and light the order of the day. No panelling nor tapestry allowed ; only honest brick walla and sanitary paper, whitewash and carbolic acid. No foothold for ghosts aaywhere. Should such intrude thoy will be required to give donations to the funds of the parish church and the Old Women's Clothing Club.' ,.; ' First oatoh your hare— that is, your '. house,' remarked Jerome. ' I have seen one advertised in the paper , for weeks,' said Renzel, peering up and down the columns of a daily journal. ' Ab, here it ia! Listen, all ot ye ! ''Alderwode, Upper Norwood. This eommodions family residence — said to be . haunted — to be let for the nominal sum of . £20 per aanum. Four reception, eight ? bedrooms, conservatory, and large garden. ' Apply on premises.' ' ' That aounds all right,' said I. 'The plaoa ie only an hour away by bike, too. Suppose I spin down there.' 'I, tool' put in Jerome. 'As cha perone, dear boy,' he added. ' If the . phantom be a ghostess it would bo the . height of impropriety to leave an unpro ? teoted little bachelor like you to her soft blandishments ' I measure six foot, while Jerome is com paratively short, making up in brains for ?what bo lucks in sfcatare. ' Then If we Hka ihe hotuse we can de cide oa ifc at ouee/' I continued. ' And yon would take it after paying on© daylight visit?'' exclaimed our long headed one. ' 'Why not?' 'Excuse me, my dear fellow, for un diluted language, but you're a fool.' ' Yon surely don't believe that nonsense , about the place being haunted ? Bats and mice — that's all. With perhaps an owl and a bat thrown in to make weight.' ' Do you suppose that any undemented landlord would let each a place for £20 if it were only haunted by rats and euch small deer ¥' ' Ob, I daresay tales have got about.' ?e And do yon imagine, you son of a mole, that with the world full of poor folk that house would be un tenanted if the tales were false?'. . '?Noj yoti'ia right,' I replied. 'We must spend a night there, if possible, and judge for ourselves.' 'Oh, poor Jerry ! Alas for thee, my Ronald !'' cried Gas. ' A sack of. bones will be all the residue of you left to your devoted and afflicted family !' and flourish ing a- handkorchitf patterned with varnish otains he veered off, while we elders began, with graver thoughts and words, to discuss our altered fortunes. For trouble bad come heavily on us Davinants ; motherless since childhood, bereft of our father — an officar of tho — th Hussars — only a year sinca, left now with only a bare pittance through the failure of the bank in which was the bulk of our fortune, it was only our indomitable flow of spirits and good health which kept us from succumbing to the trials of our changed condition. The same afternoon found us preparing for the expedition to the haunted house. ' Call out the items of the commissariat,' said Jerome. And I enumerated — ' Two candlesticks. One dozen candles. Six boxes of matches. Two novels by John Strange Winter.. A small flask of brandy. Two bottles of Bass. A corkscrew. . A packet of sandwiches !' Stowing them away at the same time in a dilapidated Gladstone bag. 'Accept my humble contribution,' said Gus, staffing in a filmy packet ; ' some reft Bengal lights to give effect to the ghost scenes.' ' And mine, for the ghost itself,' laughed Renzel, holding up a voluminous scarlet flannel garment ; ' it must be very shivery to be made of air, this cold weather.' It was then December. ;* This is my little offering,' said Jerome, carefully loading a revolver. ' You can't shoot phantoms,' remarked Gua sniflingly. ' There are phantoms and phantoms, my child,' was the oracular response. . An hour later we were reviewing Alder wode from the road, and found it ancient and gloomy of aspect, buried in dark over crowding shrubberies. ' Every inch of it breathes gboste,' ob served Jerome, regarding it ruefully as I knocked at the lodge door. ' We have come to sample the ghosts,' Said I cheerily to the old woman of hope less' aspect who answerer] my summons. 'That is,' added Jerome, perceiving that she was a walking antidote to the meekest joke, ' we think of taking the house ; but' wish first to spend a night in it to prove that it is habitable.' 'Stay if you Jike, sir,' said the old lady's husband, who just then appeared, and looked less pessimistic than her epouse, ' You're made of sensible stuff — you want to know what you're coming to,' he added with a merry twinkle in his keen blue eyes. ' Other folks, they come bag and baggage, and then——' ' Yes ; then ?' queried Jerome eagerly. ' You'd best ask 'em,' was the laconic reply. 'Are the ghosts very bad — and fre quent?' asked I. 'Now,look'ee here, master,' said the lodgekeeper, 'I reckon as ghosts' affairs have nought to do wi' me. I mind my business and tbey mind theirs, and so we get on comfortable together.' ' Well, can you let us have some coal and wood for a fire 9' queried Jerome. ' Ay, ay. I'll.put you up some firing,' moving away. ' There ore ghosts 1' asserted Jerome. ' There are,' I agreed gravely. ' Never theless, we won't yield the fort without a struggle.' ' I'll lend you a couple of chairs,' said the caretaker, returning with a -scuttle of fire provender. ' They bain't grand 'uns, but they're better nor the floor.' And shouldering our kits we prepared to turn into quarters. We found Alderwode reeking with decay and dreariness. A stone terrace, with grass springing between the flags, skirted the back of the house, and from it flights of mosB-grown steps led down into a garden where the paths, thick with weeds, could hardly be distinguished from the choked-up beds. ' Not exhilarating,' was Jerome's ver dict. ' Good for the frogs,' I suggested hope fully, unlocking the door and entering. ' I wonder whioh is the ghost's boudoir or sulking den, according to sex, or if it is 'a romer bold and gay.'' And, chatting od, we went through the rambling old place, and decided that if the ghosts were companionable wo should do very well there. The room wo selected to bivouac in opened by a glass door on to a conservatory, and 11 o'clock found us with our fire lighted, our candles and supper on the chiumsy-pitce, and our chairs drawn up to the hearth, regaling oinselves with Bass and sandwiches. . Thi3 done we lit ou? pipes, and, one eye on the revolver and one on a novel, awaited events. - 'The curtain will rise at 12, I suppose,' remarked Jerome shortly before. 'The orchestra is tuning up already,' returned I, starting to my feet as a wailing cry passed through the house. ' I don't care a straw tor common or garden phantoms,' said Jerome, watching the door, revolver in hand. ' It's your ghosts which are not ghosts which one has to beware. Ah !' as a hoarse laugh rang through the air, followed by the same ghostly wail as before, ' I will go and re connoitre the enemy,' issuing into the hall, whence I could hear his footsteps become fainter down an adjoining corridor. GraspiDg my stick, a stout blackthorn, I was keeping watch on the conservatory when my gaze became riveted on the misty figure of a weird-looking old man within beckoning to me with one bony hand. That it was a phantom there was no doubt, for through its form I could distinctly see the woodwork beyond. In a few seconds it vanished, and I dashed to the glass door ; but as my hand touched -the handle a horrible thrill ran through me, aud I felt my hair in very deed rising on end. I tried to withdraw my hand, but all power had left me, while the fiendish laugh 1 had heard before sounded just beside me. Then gradually the thrill lessened, my strength* returned, and I was, though slightly trembling, myself again. . Undaunted, I entered the conservatory and perceived an open door before me at the bottom of a flight of steps. Running down, I darted into a large laboratory; wherf; at the far end was the strange being I had seen in spirit form. He was an old man with wild wizen faca and gaunt form, enveloped in a long blaok garment. 'So it's you,' I exclaimed savagely, 'who frighten honest folk out of the house by diabolical tricks, you old scoundrel. I'll teach you to play the fool ! Come with me !' ' It's for you, my friend, I have been waiting these many years,' said the. wizard, gently rubbing bis hands together,' and re garding me as if I were a choice anatomical specimen. ' Just the type — strong vitality, superabundant energy, flow of animal spirits.' ? ' Yes ; you shall have a specimen of all if you don't come out of this.' ' My good sir,' returned the old man, ' I will come with you wherever you dic tate, if you will first sit down on that chair and listen to what I shall say. Yes,' as I instinctively obeyed, 'I thought you would.' On, horror ! Again that thrill, but worse. Through my whole frame it spread, till every bone ached as if on the rack. Ail power of motion- and speed left me, and my brain became duller and duller. I could still hear and see, but the sounds seemed far away, and the room filled with mist. ' At last,' screamed the alche miRt, gloat ing over me, 'the opportunity has come. Now for tho experiment of my life, which shall prove to the world that it is possible to restore mortal existence to the dying, and that tu me, Philabas Dracon, the dis covery is due. Yes, yes ; chloroform now,' saturating a cloth from a glass bottle, ' till the vital force is all but deadened — till the heart has but a few more throbs to give ; then electricity, to restore the heart's action to call back the ebbing life.' Ho was hurrying towards me, chuckling and mumbling incoherently, when the door, which had shut with a spring, was burst open, and Jerome rushed in. ' What's the meaning of this V he cried. 'Another of them! Brave boys!' cackled the old man. 'Sit down — sit down 1' pointing to a chair, and hastening to a low of ivory knobs in the wall. ' Stand where you are I' thundered Jerome, ' or you will be shot dead, point ing the revolver at him. ' What has done that V indicating my inanimate form.' 'Electricity, the grandest power upon earth,' cried the scientist. 41 Very well, you just undo it or I'll put a bullet through you/' Aud tho old man wont slowly to an electrical battery and lessened the pressure directed through the chair on me. 'Ah; thank Heaven.'. . Aa my fixed eyeballs relaxed my limbs quivered, then answered to my wiil,1 and I gave a gasping sigh. 'r V' 'All right, old man V asked Jerome ''/ anxiously. ' -, 'I feel a bit queer,' I replied, sfroggex- , ing up;' ' but fresh air will soon put that *- right.' : . . * ; ' What a pity ! Such an opportutii y J' * . murmured Dracon. 'You old blackguard !' cried I, ad vancing with clenched hand. .' He's as mnd as a hatter, R lnnM,' pat in Jerome. ' Get you into the air — I'll - manage him. Now you,' to the scientist, ' go before me into the house and remem ber there's a revolver covering the back of your brain.' And, muttering and moaning, Dracon did as he was bidden. Next morning I obtained from a well known lunatic asylum near a vehicle and attendant for his removal. Enquiry proved that Alderwode — which dated back several centuriQS~-was connected by an underground passage with tin next dwelling — that of Dracon, who had devoted himself to the study of scientific inventions, chiefly electrical, till his abode became one great laboratory, arid queer noises and ex plosions became so frequent that the land lord gave him notice to quit or stop experi ments. Discovering the passage loscing to Aldes wode — then vacant — he removed bid appa ratus to vaults there and continued his pursuits, startliug away tenants by ventril oquism, optical delusions of the Pepper's Ghost type (for which he used the glass door and electrical currents). As soon as Martha bad had a fair innings at the old place we removed thither, and now I defy anyone to find a brighter or more nnghosUy abode for the modest snm of £20 per annum. There are three important things in a man's life — when he is born, when he marries, and when he dies. And even then his own importance is overshadowed by the curiosity to know if he is a boy or a girl, what the bride wore, and what he left in his will.' 'Come and take; lunch with me to«day,' said one business man to another, ????.? I-toan't. I've an appointment.' 'Can't you break it?' 'No; a man has promised fco come to my office at noon and pay me some money.' 'Ob, then, that's all righb. Til order the lunch for two. He won't come.' He— 'I wonder what the meaning'of that picture is ? The youth and the maiden are in a tender attitude.' She— 'Oh, don'fe you aee? Ho had just aaked her to marry ' him and she is accepting him. How sweet ! What does the artist call the picture 1' He (looking; about)— '-Oh, I see. It's written on a card at the bottom, ' sold 3' ' 