OPERA AND COMEDY. The dramatic fare provided on the stage of Adelaide's one theatre, though con- <*> tinuing light, is about to undergo a marked change. The temporary dispersal of the standing Comic Opera Company was something of a blow to the gaiety of Australia in general, but the scattered elements of it were at hand, and the task of bringing them together again has been happily effected. In the meanwhile there has been in place of comic opera musical farce, the species of sparkling up-to-date production with which the name "Gaiety" has become definitely associated. Many a well-known figure, accustomed to wear the guise of a peasant in the first act, a nobleman in the second, has been seen masquerading as a tourist or a tennis-player. The age of comic opera is certainly not past, but as cer- tainly it cannot remain for ever in its one shape. The great Gilbert and Sullivan partnership, which tended so greatly to refine and elevate the standard of the whole, seems to be definitely at an end, and at the same time there is manifest a certain revolt of taste against the light concoctions, often unpleasantly suggestive, which French writers turned out with such rapidity and regularity. When an English composer produced a success in "Dorothy" it seemed almost a strange thing, but now it is to be ob- served that most of the lighter music of the day is of British origin. The change has tended greatly towards the improvement of libretto, since in the old process of adaptation English words had to be fitted by force to an exist- ing air, and the sense naturally suffered. By an inexorable law, only the fittest have survived, and for the revival of these a measure of popular favor is assured, but there is little sign of fresh productions on the lines of those so common in the seventies and eighties. The century has moved on, bringing a diffe- rent standard of taste. What is wanted is little other than the old dish, but it must be dressed differently. Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove them- selves have recently introduced to Lon- don an American production somewhat on the lines of "Chinatown," so favor- ably received here a year or two back; and the dash and abandon of the Yankee style have proved as irresistible in London as in Australia. Very likely this may set the fashion for further development along lines at present seen but vaguely, for managers in London are somewhat sheep- like in their methods and tend to imitate every current success to the verge of inanity. Mr. Thornton's season, just ended, has appealed chiefly to that love of the ludi- crous to be found in every breast. That brilliant but eccentric critic, Mr. Bernard Shaw, puts it somewhat differently, claim- ing that the delight in seeing a fellow creature tormented and humiliated is one of the ''beastliest elements in human nature," and that it is upon this feeling that writers of farcical comedy chiefly rely. It is true enough that a fall in the foot- ball field or a bicycle accident—things in which there is nothing essentially humorous, unless it is in their being un- expected—do raise a somewhat savage merriment from the unthinking. But in comedies even of the most farcical order there is much clever writing and acting required to bring about the de- sired result. One of the great factors in the quarrel over "Charley's Aunt" be- tween Mr. Penley and Mr. Brandon Thomas (both of whom have made fortunes out of it), lies in the former claiming that the piece, as written by the latter, had in itself hardly the elements of success, but required working up by the principal players before attaining the triumph which it ultimately achieved. In one of its early trials in the provinces, declares Mr. Penley, there were only two people in the pit. In the same way it may be remembered that "The Private Secretary," when it first appeared in London, thirteen or fourteen years ago, was very generally condemned by the critics, and rose only by slow degrees to the assured position it has held ever since; and this in spite of the clever acting in the chief part of no less a person than Mr. Beer- bohm Tree, who played it for a week or two before creating, with his usual ver- satility, the character of the melodra- matic villain in "Called Back." Mr. Penley stepped into his shoes then and has prospered ever since. There have been various lawsuits with Mr. Brandon Thomas, and even with a lady who intro- duced the one to the other, and after- wards successfully claimed an astonish- ingly handsome commission on the result, and these actions have shown to a sur- prised public what a perfect gold- mine is a successful play. The most recent complaint of Mr. Thomas was that he had received only £6,000, while Mr. Penley had had twice as much, whereas the positions ought to be re- versed. Even the smaller sum might seem a fair remuneration for writing any play whatsoever. What would Shake- speare have thought of any offer of £6,000 for the copyright of "Hamlet?" The wonder grows when it is stated that the £18,000 referred to had been received solely for the rights of acting in tiie United States. Less than twenty years ago comedy was one thing and farce another. "The Private Secretary" was adapted from the German and was perhaps the first notable instance of success in combining the two. The task of spinning out a single farcical idea through three acts without the assistance of dance or song is a difficult one and is apt to result in a weak finish, unless fresh and irrelevant motives are introduced towards the end. The original "Secretary" has been seen in London of late, and it was clear that the piece had been much improved in the process of adaptation. As a very natural return "Charley's Aunt" has been successfully produced in Berlin. There are, in fact, few countries that know it not; it has even appeared in Norway in an unholy alliance with Ibsen's "Ghosts." Its claim to the longest run on record in London is resisted by older playgoers on behalf of "Our Boys," and it seems that honors are fairly divided. Byron's comedy did indeed hold the stage continuously for a longer period, but the recent growth of the matinee system brought it to pass that the more modern piece had in a somewhat shorter time more consecutive representations. The evil effects of such long runs have often been commented upon. It is inevitable that the players should somewhat broaden their methods and over- accentuate in time the points which they have found successful. Mr. Thornton's rendering of the Reverend Mr. Spalding tends to err in this direc- tion, but he could hardly have a better antidote than is found in two of the other plays in his repertory. His book- maker, burdened with an honor into which he was not born; his broken-down barrister, a lovable nature in the clutch of a squalid vice—both of these can in portions of their range be elevated into the region of high-comedy, and even of pathos; and in them Mr. Thorn- ton gives evidence of powers which could hardly be suspected of existence if he were condemned for ever to masquerade in female attire or to be thrown about the stage by athletic juniors. The occa- sionally dangerous task of female imper- sonation he has carried through with dis- cretion as well as with ability; and if it proved impossible to make Miss Brown altogether convincing, he very nearly accomplished that feat with the older lady from Brazil. Mr. Thornton follows Mr. Titheradge in taking his wares to the world's market," and though he cannot hope to find in London the practical monopoly that he has had in Australia of what are called "Penley parts," it seems safe to augur for him a fair measure of success on the wider stage of London. 