LAYING A GHOST. By HEnrY A. HuRAIG. I have just had a narrow escape, so narrow that I shudder at the thought of it? Let it serve as a warning to those who would meddle with the occult mysteries that surround us. Some twelve \---eUths ago I rented this place--Loug lan s?and came to live icn it by myself. I d been badly treated by a woman. My first impulse was to plunge into the wildest dissipations of Paris or Vienna, but on second thoughts I decided to take a quiet place in the country, and brood over my wrongs. I had plenty of time for doing this at Longlands-the whole twenty-four hours were at my disposal and any amount of material to work at. I spent a good deal of time in the library, where I wrote a cynical novel on the basis of my diary. It is called " My Love of a Year," and I think it will create a sensation next spring. I trust my heroine will give satisfaction to her original, for she is drawn from life. There was another woman in the book good and true, and from lack of recent experience of this type I idealised a portrait that hung above me. It was that of an Elizabethan girl, and never sweeter face was drawn on canvas. It was a face as honest as it was sweet. The soul that looked through the hazel eyes was incapable of deceit ; those lips could no more utter untruth than could their kisses be given to any other than the man who had won her love for ever. i And where could those faint roses on her cheeks be matched to-day? And that I aureole of hair ? That portrait grew upon me, and I used i to talk to it as though it were indeed a living being. I even began to pay it little attentions in the slmpe of flowers. It seems absurd enough now, but I was t scarcely answerable for my actions. I was smarting from an intolerable wrong, and I eagerly sought consolation from the first pair of bright eyes I came across. I grew to fancy the portrait smiled upon a me, and sometimes 1 imagined it tried to e speak. One never-to-be-forgotten night I flung t down my pen. I had just depicted the is scene in which I had discovered my Laura's perfidy, and all the old agony returned. My eyes met those of the b portrait. a "You, you," I cried, "you could " never have done this thing. Would I le had met you instead ! Speak to me ! Come back to life and pity me." rc And then the futility of my words |a came to me, and I threw myself into a chair and stared gloomily into the fire, ni It was not a cold night, and the fire th was there as- rone- zTr- nLeerens.n ,? ., anything, but I shivered. A cold breath si 5mead to per d the mom. It as as fa though a block of ice were near me. Again ` g, I shivered, and this time I looked round. E I _rasped the arm of my chair. Could I el be dreaming or what ? There at my side Ic was a shadowy film. As I stared with tl open eyes it intensified and gradually al assumed human proportions, and soon' there was before me the shape of a lady h -an old lady in farthingale and ruffle an ancient dame of the sixteenth century. I I stared blankly at the apparition- p somewhat rudely I fear-for she simpered it absurdly, and then said " Alack, sir, now your wish is granted, I I can you find no better greeting for me ?" a " My good madam,' I replied, when 1 my astonishment had in a measure sub- I dneed, "you speak in riddles. I am, of c course, delighted to see you, but the dis- I appointment is of your own making." 1 "' ay, indeed. E'en now you called s me, as you have for many a long day, and I have answered your wish." c I simply gasped. 2 "I certainly did call upon a lady to a appear, but it was the one whose portrait i is yonder. I have not had the pleasure of seeing you in oils, I believe." I I verily think the old woman tried to blush, but it was a ridiculous attempt ; at any rate, she looked down bashfully[ and said- I " That is my portrait, sir, painted some f years ago." "Great Heaven !" I cried. "You don't mean to say that's you 1" "Indeed it is. And a passably good likeness too." I fell back in my chair in blank dis may. "But, madam," I cried at length, " I don't know you at all. That lady I do know. Can you not appear in her form, if you are indeed she ?" "Alack, no," said the shade, "I can -not do that. We may only appear as we were when we died. I was killed by lightning when watering my favourite rose-tree. See here is the mark." She bent her head towards me. There may have been a mark, but I had not time to notice it as I hastily pushed my }, hair backwards.. -?'y-fair Elizabethan; but- what' a travesty she was of her portrait. She was simply hideous-wrinkled and crow's-footed; she had not a bit of colour about her, and her expression was anything but nice. b "Madam," said I," determined to cut e: the interview short, for I really didn't I like it. "I don't want you. 1 wanted '1 that lady for-er, literary purposes. You h won't do at all; you'd better say good- d night." SSoftly, young sir; you cannot get rid of me so easily. All these long, weary i years I have been hovering about, waiting for you, my living affinity; and now, having found you, we can never part." I got up in a hurry, determined to end I the interview. " My good lady," I said, " I am sorry to disappoint you, as you've been waiting so long, but you've got hold of the wrong man. I'm sure i'm not your living affinity. If you won't part, I will," And I made for the door. Then a horrible thing happened. Be fore I had gone a couple of yards she glided up to me and seized my hand. It was an icy-clammy, loathsome touch, and it thrilled me through and through. 1 was rooted to the floor, and could not move. How long it lasted I do not know, but all strength seemed gradually to ooze from me; and, finally, I fell down, and remembered no more. When I came round I was alone. The candles were flickering in their sockets, and the fire was out. I was horribly weak, but at length managed to crawl to bed. Ngext morning I felt better, but still 'terribly weak. My adventure did not bear daylight, and I put it down to an overwrought brain. 1 decided to do no work that day, and I went instead for a long ride, returning all the better for the unwonted exercise. I resolved not to visit the library until my nerves were in better condition, so kept to the dining-room that night. I had a good dinner, and then sat smoking my pipe. I fell asleep, and my dreams carried me from the Sahara to the North Pole, and then I had found that I grasped it, and awoke suddenly. It was too horrible. There was that wretched Elizabethan standing over me. holding one hand in hers. In vain I struggled to free myself ; she held it like a vice. "Come for a frolic," she said, "the night is still young." Impelled by a will 1 could not under stand, I followed her. She opened the window, and away we went. As I felt my legs leaving the ground, I struggled like a drowning man, and clutched vainly at my shadowy gumde. At length as 1 continued to rise, I ceased my struggles, and resigned myself to my fate. Witches flying through the air on broomsticks would no doubt appear curious to observers, but I think the sight of a modern Englishman in evening dress float ing hand in hand with an elderly Eliza bethan lady, looked more ridiculous. I don't think we attracted much atten tion, for the population was scanty, and there were few astronomers among them. One man saw us, however, and he had a gun. He possibly thought it was his one chance in life for securing a great hawk, for lie deliberately aimed at me and took off the heel of my shoe. My companion put on pace after that, and we skimmed the country in fine style. It' was ex. hilarating enough at first, but very soon I grew horribly weak. Again my strength i seemed tdb'e oozifim away,;again-i-becamw uucouaeioua;s :, :. , . It was the same tale.: Iiawckoaby'tih dying fire. The window was open. I closed it, looked thoughtfully at my damaged shoe, and staggered to bed. f Next day I ran up to town. 1 dined at I my club, and then went to a music-hall I with a friend. I felt I was safe there. r Even if my Elizabethan could trace me, she scarcely dared show herself in a place I like that. Ine pogramme was almost through when a blast of icy air struck me. "Confound it I they ought to close those doors," I said to Boldshay. " It's abominable to let the cold wind in." "1 wish it would come my way," said he. " 'm just about melted." My heart sank. Could it be possible " Truant !" said a voice at my elbow. I scarcely dared glance round, but there she was, sitting on the' arm between me and my neighbour, a fat old gentleman. I She grinned horribly. " I was fond of the play in my day," she said, "but we'd nothing ike this." "Go home 1" I said rudely. "This isn't the place for you." S"Sir," said my neighbor in the flesh, "if you addressed that remark to me, it's a piece of great impertinence on your part." " I was speaking to the lady between us," I stammered The old gentleman leaned forward through the Elizabethan, and said to Boldshay : "Your friend doesn't seem well, sir; my advice is, take him home." Boldshay turned towards the speaker, and as he did so a curious look passed over his face. " Come-along, Fred," said he, "I think we'd better go. Give me your hand." I took his. For a moment my other was grasped by the icy one of the shade, but only for a moment. With a shriek which ought to have raised a cry of "Fire " in the house, but didn't, she let it drop, and I followed Boldshay out. He said nothing until we were in his rooms. Then he asked me to tell him all, and I told him. " It's lucky for you:I was with you to ight," he said when I had ended, "or hero would have been a scene. I saw situation. I'm a ci.osicrne ?lcwie.-!*ei, familiar with such difficulties. Yove got into the hands of a spook. Your fair Elizabethan must have had a large element of the flesh in her, since her lower nature has been hanging about all? these centuries. She is living on you, and practically draining you of your life." "l But can nothing be done to stop her 1" I cried. "Yes," said Boldshay slowly, "I think I can help you. I must run over to your place-the sooner the better. To-morrow, if you like." The next day we started for Longlands. It was late when we arrived, and as soon as dinner was over we adjourned to the library. Boldshay produced some things he had brought with him from town-a couple of corked jars, an empty glass bottle, a chafing-dish and a glass rod. He had a good look at the portrait, and then we sat down. " You must concentrate your thoughts on the woman," said he, "and will her to appear. You must be very determined, as I am at present - an antagonistic element." I willed as hard as I could, and in about half-an-hour shecame, as he had predicted. She seemed troubled, and looked defiantly at Boldshay. He muttered some unknown words and made a mysterious sign, at which the lady Sseemed considerably distressed. " Let me go," she cried. "No," said Boldshay sternly, "I've something to say to you. You had better leave us alone, Fred." The spook appealed to me piteously to stay and save her, but I only answered her coldly. I left the room, and waited outside in the hall. I can't say what occurred in the library. All I know is that the most terrible screams and cries proceeded from it. They were really heart-rending, and had Boldshay been operating on anyone else I should certainly have interfered, but as it was I only smiled grimly. In about a quarter of an hour the door opened, and Boldshay beckoned to me. He was in his shirt sleeves, very pale, with g.sqt beads of perspiration on his \- ,Phn nor- nIa'h ed .with a nowerful "Well, have you cleared her away ?" anxiously asked. " Yes. It was a fearfully ticklish business, for she clung desperately to her existence ; but I managed her at last, and I don't think she'll trouble you again. This is all that's left of her! " And he held up the glass bottle, now filled with a dark-blue fluid. " You'd better keep the stopper in for a fortnight," he added; "after that she will be quite harmless. I wormed some particulars of her life from her, and found she had a shocking record. She puisoned three of her husbands, and tried to do for the fourth, but drank from the wrong goblet herself, and so died." I thanked Boldshay warmly. He had saved my life. I believe he read a paper on the incident at the next meeting of the Rosicrucians. I kept the stopper in for three weeks, and then utilised the Elizabethan as ink. I finished my novel with her, and am now using her for ghost tales. I find she gives them splendid local colour. 