Letter from Aunt Eily. Mt Deab Children— It is but a com mon .place remark to make, and yet I make it—that " Time flies," and flies, as it seems to me, so much faster than of yore that I could almost Buspect old Father Time of being guilty of setting up the latest thing in " speed" bicycles. Here we are just past the shortest day which, in this country is generally reckoned the 21st of June, and soon our thoughts will turn to summer sun* shine and summer pastimes. All too soon also will pass the beautiful month of June— month of the Sacred Heart. You remem ber the words of that hymn of thanks giving— " As men to their gardens Go to seek -sweet flowers; In our hearts, dear Jesus, Seek them at all hours." But surely in a special manner during this month, when He looks to all His faithful little ones for those flowers of devotion and love; of kindness and gentleness to others for His sake. Our model is our dear Lord himself, and yet, when teaching and speaking to His disciples how frequently He chose a little child as a model for them. 1 was reading a little book the other day, in which it spe&kis; oti this very point: how Our Lord so often turned to little children and spoke of them always with special tenderness. The little book is called " The Sacred Heart," and in it there is reading for every day in the month, all so simple and devo tional that I am sure not one of you but would wish to have it, the more so, as it costs only one penny. So do not forget, dear, children, that, like St. John, you are favorites of the Sacred Heart - because of your innocence and simplicity of heart; as for the poor child who may be neither in nocent nor simple, ah! surely, there is ho such child. As the winter evenings—those cosy evenings in the family circle, roond the cheerful fire—will be with us for some timfe yet, I will give you what I belie vb is an original mode of amusement, that is, where the sitting-room contains a piano, with, one of the company willing to play upon it.. Let a musical member of the party play some selection, and then let each one presort tell a little-^-it does hot matter how little—Btory, which the play ing will call forth in your mind. . , For instance, take " The joyful peasant,"*-' a pibcethat many of you know. Tp one it would suggest," 1 see a man walking along a mhuntain ; he is snnburhedand strong Inbkihg v he.sings as he goes alongj; there are some sheep in tbe valley below "t—that might be the wholeof one story. The same piece will suggest different ideas its: different people. Perhaps, anotherwillsiy, " Thfe auh is. shining; - a tiny little boatdfl en the wafer; then fisherman sings at his work • the bun goesi behind a cloud; the man has stopped singing." . lyheii yon have tried this amusement several timep itbeeomeB quite easy for each iq express how. the music affects theim i and . lt is, excellent practice for arranging ideas in order and for giving dear expressipnto them.; Ope pjece thns played called ;ferthtfais st<^y> V I have been crying along,, Ippg time about something; lam tired.bntfl do jnot feel so sad as before; i feel com forted. . ; • u:.-' Another piece brought to light this story:—" I am going along theroad.; it is tbe oountry. I see all the little cottages; ope of them has its door open; roses are gnonring; $0 panes; nrp very, email in tip ydlldPff i si hear a chair rockingbackwards andf°r wards; awoman is holding a little child in her lap sjngihglow fait." . , i ■» Yon will be sfapris&d; how quickly yon frjdl come to;, de&eiibe; the -effect of each piece. i QfpDuj-Beif the musio is liydyiyery comiwd stories prill sometimes be the result. If you are not .good ttf the sfarias fa begin witbi get one;of the gopd- iiatiired grown-upe fagive you a start, r If youare bright and lively, as yonng folks ought; fa be, you jwill have "no end of fun," as the boys say. ' • I may tell yon, dears, that I got the,idea from reading a Uttie'ineldent intbelife-of Chopin, thatheartntirring ibut trather|>en sive musician. He had:been playing,,:con trary to his wpnt, a rather bright piece > of his own, when an old lady present': re marked, " I can see fa*ripa dancing: round '*Jpai pkyjithM^ 43s>P«n turned to her delighted," The yerytbongbt I had in my mind when lootoposedity' he answered, ■■ .< V r. ' I' jj^Pgf hjpw gnd ^girtea st|dyipg^fl«#e I it will npfdoubfaaly help.thpm to interpret Fing> '• ; Seven lett^appea^dlastweek.Let me .spe^ .first jEj^abeth Kenny, new member, whDi'like8 reading,}>he iettersfrom nephewp an;i4iecfisin*•The,Southern Qeon.'f :Opg "likes "ageeeinthat, little girL thanks foryour land donation. . . Nephew Malcolm, who " minds the baby '' like a good boy, comes next.. I am sure you areagood boy, or. that baby's mother wopld never, otherwise, promote yon to suich a position oftrust. NephewPatrick Dempsey communicatee the. interesting news that he has a new brother called Leo, Well done, nephew. I am .glad >y on like the " Hymn of the Holy Ghost."„ Like it well enough to say it every day. Niece " Jo " is an energetic little lady, as she popped in an answer to first selection withont delay. I suppose such a bright niece found it as easy as—well, as easy as puff. Isn't that the correct expression. Niece Lauretta O'Brien seems to be a very sensible new member, and I look for a good deal from her. Encourage some of your friends to join, and try for the prize yourself. Nephew Walter J. P. O'Dowling is mis taken in thinking I think him ungrateful, I know you are going to be a very good member,'and your kind eldest sister will be an energetic associate, I hope. Niece Ellen Maher is another valuable acquisition to our column. I am glad you are going to try for the prize; gam or lose, you will be all the better for trying. "With love, AUNT EILY. 