CHAPTER XIV.—CoNTimJiro. Explanations wore In order and soon tho stalwart Irishman, with a heart as big as a mountain, more or less, according to tlio size of the mountain, put his arm about tho back of tho chair, and, in a moment, tho young gentleman was stretched put on one of those mammoth "sottecs" which used to adorn the rooms of our grandparents. Mrs. North brought a huge bed-spread and threw it over him, and in an incredibly short timo Pinnle was sound asleep, dreaming of a Miss. Iss and a Miss Wass, and paint palettes. At 8 o'clock ho was still sleeping, and word was sent ovor to the cottago as we ha\ o soon. At 9 o'clock he was awakened; tho little dimity maid gavo him a cup of tea, and put him to bed. And thus Pinnio had fallen into good hands. ien o clock camo as usual, and so did 11. Thon Mrs. North was a little startled by a knock at tho door. Bonar brought in a iioto and a package sont up by oho of tho trusted clerks. Tho noto stated that u " directors' mooting" would koop Conrad down toivn until late, and suggested that sherotiro and not Bit up for him. Ho also requested that the package be placed in tho munimout room, and stated that ono of tho old watch men of the ofUco was oven then on the grounds to koop an oyo on tho promises. Tho package was soon stowed away, and BO was Mrs. North ; and all tho great house was still. Mrs. North slopt well, tho storing of valuables iu tho muniment room being of frequent occurrence. Tho alow hours of tho night crept silently on, tho moon rising full and high over tho long pilo of brick and masonry, and peeping through tho trees. Tho faithful watchman filled and roflllod his pipe, aud tramped back and forth upon that sido of the house whcro tho treasure was stored. About 1 o'clock tho ferry whistle Bnortod as though angry at tho late call, and the sound wont echoing dvor hill and forest. It struck wildly upon Pinnie's unaccustomed oars, as ho lightly slept in tho vast hed, and he awakened in gome Blight alarm. It took a moment for him to realize whore ho was in tho darkness —a darkness trimmed with tho silvor moon light streaming into his room. He heard a koy thrust into tho door, a stop coming softly up tho stairs, a door open and Bhut—and all was still. Ho turned ovor onco more to sleep—but his eyes would not stay cloaod. Tho late entrance was bv Conrad. An hour aftor, in tlio heavy shadows of the troos, upon the oast side of tho house, where tho low moon was costing a (lark pathway of gloom from tho tall chimneys to tho trees, a man sat on tho ground, calmly watching tho comfort of tho faithful old guard, not ten rods r.-.vr.y. Ho was still peacefully smoking his pipo. It was a tall, thin, cadav erous old man—and wo have met him before, though now no Eopulchnil cough warns us of hifi prosonco. His faco was not now of ashen hue. His eyes wero bright and luminous— hia ears keen to the unfolding of tho beetle's wing. Kvory sense was alert. Ho carried nothing in his hands but around his wit ist was a cord, and oil one end a small steol grapnel. In his bolt a sheath knife was hidden, and a pistol, both under a looso blouse. Ah tho shadows dooponed the old man roso from tho ground, stepped forward to tho lim it of the shadows, as silently as a cat and briskly as a fox. Inspecting tho ground a moment, he dart ed to a dark recess in tho building—and to a portion of tho structure where no sleepers wore near within. A moment later and he was ou the roof of tho moonlit side—the guard boing upon tho other. Ho softly cropt along tho odgo of the roof with his foet in tho hugo gutters. Ho scorned to know his Htrongth, and pausod not a moment in his progress until beneath tho largest chimnoy on the building. IIo thon throw himself flatly upon the stoop roof, and, with the aid of tlio kodge, or grapnel, crawled to the mammoth lines. He know full woll that no guard could distinguish a man's be.nl or body at that distance amid, the varying forms and shadows of tho roofn A moment thereafter a dark form emorges from tho blackened wall of a largo fireplace, in tho croat old diningroom of tho ancestral wing of tho North homestead. - It hugs tho wall in crouching attitude, with tread si loncod by tho wool on tho soles of his shoes. Creeping thus to tho further ond, ho reaches a panol which ho can only distinguish in tho darkness by touch. Having located tho place, ho restfully straightens up and peers round tho room, which apparently is of tho width of the ntrufitm-0, having windows at both ends. Ho waits until his eyes enlarge to moot tho darkness. Tho opium doos its work. Thoy are luminous, and, liko two phosphorescent balls, burn in tho gloom liko tho two ilaming oyes of tbo panthor. Though unseou, his face is nglow, and his heart fired with an irroprosslblo courago. But ho doos not forcot his ritual. Skill is useless with outsafety. Swiftly ho darts across tho room and tries to unfasten a window and push it opou. It is iu vain. It is Mcuroly locked. Without a momout'H delay ho take:: from liis blouse a littlo brace and drill bit. In another moment ho is grinding a Way at tho glass with a well-oiled drill of tho hardest steel, "and in an astonishingly short time it is through. Ho takes from auothor pocket a roll of black cloth. As ho unrolls it an oilod papor is taken oil and tho oloth prossod firm ly ugainst tho pain of glass. It Bticks tight ly to ovory part. Then tho old man inserts tho drill into tho holo he has bored, presses sidoways—and the glass breaks in ovory direction : but not a pioco falls to tho floor, nor is there any noiso. Tho glass is wholly gluod to tho cloth. If drlvon from his work by danger, ho will plungo headlong through ,this oponing, but otherwise go as ho camo. Ho now returns to ms panel. Not over ton minutes havo beon lost With the butt end of his shfiath kuifo lio worms a hole under tho panel and pries it up. He bonds Tip tho painted metal, but tho bolt of the look does not givo way. Tho old man's slondor hand is inserted—and the keys are Ms. Now tho vault is opened—both doors. Tho burglar enters, closing tho inner and lightor door bohind him. A "lucifer" is scratched and a dark lantern lightod. It is tho su promo moinont, to a ghoul who preys upon his fellows. And his rapid heart-bents aro audible to tho old man in tho silence—a silence which ho can almost feel within thoso brick walls. Tho paokago lies bofore him. His hands aro upon it. What if, during this work of darkness, in tho lnystorious night, tlioro had boon a man of stout heart and horoulenn frame in that old dining room of tho Norths? What if this man, whoso courago may havo been tested in tho hot battlo, were to calmly seat himself in tho dork shadows, whilo thoso two visiblo oyeballs swept around tho room, and thus watch tho cata mount cut its way silently through glass! And thon follow them through iron doors to a windowloss vault I And supposo this wit ness silently follows into tho thick darkness and musty air, and fools that there wore two ontombod—wliouco butono could cotno forth alivol And finally, what if that desporato old cat liirlitR.his candIn-lantorn, seizes tho treasure. turns quickly around; and finds himsolf face to face, not with a giant, but with—Finnic? Yo gods! But what a scone! Tho old man cried aloud, stepped back a paco or two, dropped the package and trem bled from head foot—a cold prespiration Covoring his body. "Tho ghost!" ho murmured. His ruddy face was white with fonr, and tho ashon hue cropt over and upon it. Tho ofTecfc of tho drug was overcome by fear and a hollow cough iilled tho vault. It was all in a moment. Before tho start led face of the youth had evidenced his won dor, with paled lips at that phantom before him, quick as the flash of light from his knife tlie old devil leaped to his victim, and flesh or spirit, grasped the yielding form by the throat and bore it to the stony floor. His knife was raised to stnkol But the light reached that face before tho knifo. Tho descending knife swerved to tho atone floor and the blade was brokon from tho hasp! Tho blow had been parried by those grape purplo eyes—and a hopeless faco which he had seen before. "Dirt or devil?" ho hissed as he loosened his hand upon the throat. But there was no answer. "Spcechless? Then, by heavens, you ore spiritl" Still tho night eyes looked, calm and gen tle, into his. The old wretch was fascinated. Ho took his hand from the throat and stroked the brow of the boy. "Surely you are flesh and blood, Hubert?" But not a word from Pinnio. Tho old man shook him. "Say, are you reali" Tho lips parted and muttered some thing too indistinctly to bo hoard. "By heavens 1 you aro real, or olso this drug has played mo false." Then suddenly ho changed his totio to gentleness. "Look hero, boy, I want to know who you are— what is your name?" "Pinnie," gasped the youth as if in night mare. Tho robbor was thrillod as by an olectric shock. "See here, boy; is your namo Pinnie?" "Yes." "Where did you get it? Did that como from a Spaniard callod the Tiger?" "Yos." "Hell and fury! Where did you como from?" "Tho sea," replied tho youth, a brightness in his look. "Am I dreaming, and this but the phan tom of thut drug? Young man, whero have you beou for twenty years?" "At tho school,," "Whero doynu live now?" "Whero you saw mo bofore." "Well, boy, X shall not harm you, nor lot any one olso. But don't you ovor lot that Spanish dovil got his hands on you, or your tirno will bo at hand." "Who are you?" asked the boy with more confidence. "Never mind. Your name is Hubert—but make no changes now." "And you—aro i" "Stop! tiav not anothor word." But it was not necessary to caution him. Tho ex traordinary influonco oC tho face bofore and over him and tho expectation of death had sustained tho frail boy. That removed, ho fell back upon tho outlaw's arm unconscious. The robber laid him gently upon tho floor and aroso. Quickly grasping the treasure, ho passed through tho vaulted doors and passed to tho fireplaco. But in that ton se conds a torriblo strugglo had been going on in tho crimo-scarrod broast of tho man. He paused n moment and drew deep sighs. Tho next stop was backward. Retracing, ho ro-ontored the vault, replaced tho packet —and vanisliod. He could not condemn his own son to shamo, and perhaps to prison. 