CHAPTER XL.-ANOTIIER WEIRD MESSAGE. The colonel, and. Ethel both asked Lieutenant Emory numerous questions about his missionu;hlping to draw out something that he had overlooked or for gotten to tell. HIe told them, in answering these ques tlons, that the men knew nothing what= ever about Braxton or his past One of the men was a Frenchman, and the young man had freqeuently- talked ivlthbhis master in that language; while upon one occasion he had talked Spanish Iluently with a man who stopped a day or two at the ranch. IIe sung well and played the guitar, the men said, while often to amuse them he performed the most astonishing feats of slight-of-hand, and possessed powers of hypnotism as well; he was also a superior ventriloquist. "I think the man has been an actor and a juggler, sir, from all accounts, though he is certainly very accomplish ed,for the men showed me some charcoal sketches he had made of them, and they. were -perfect.' The-more I heard of him the more of a mystery-I.considered.him;, for I saw odds and ends pickeduiip n' foreign lands, photographs he lisd taken himself, and pencil sketches of '?seiii abroad and in Mexico.. -Why such aiaa?in was willing to bury.htniself in 'a frontier'i hmne Icould not understand.' He wais a. dead shot,?, the, ien' sald,witli' rfle and revolver, had a pair of foils in his cabin, and-handled them superbly, appeared to have money, and could ride.a horse and; throw a lasso better than any man they had ever seen. Ite had been known to risk his life to save an outlaw from a mob, the crowd not being sure they had the right man. 'IIe has but one life, and if you take it you cannot return it;-'so he shall have the benefitof the doubt,' he had boldly said to the mob, and told the man to mount his horse and ride away while he held back the crowd. "It was found out afterwards the man was Captain Lawless, the outlaw chief; and not listening to reason, some of the men proposed to hang Braxton as the partner of the road-agent. ;.: But he warned them offi, and when they would not heed him, he killed three of the gang. the others taking to their heels. Upon one occasion, his cowboys told me, he had found a wounded Indian chief on the trail. .: He had put him on his horse and brought hint to his ranch and ten derly cared for him. Some of the miners heard the chief was there, and came to take him, out and hang him, but Beau Braxtoi, as they call him, faced. the crowd,'and told them that they. must first kill him before they did his Indian guest.-: One of the men-a noted despe rado--offered to fight a duel for the In dian, and tlis .was forced upon Brax ton, and hle killed the fellow. before the other codld draw- his weapon. so rapid are his movements.- -Why, colonel, the ,men talked to me until long after mid night about the young ranch-owner, and in their eyes he is -certainly a hero, while the settlers all have a good word for him, as he is ever generous to those In need." , . Both the colonel and Ethel were much interestedin all they heard of the strange young ranchman,and when the lieuten ant'left they talked over what had been told them, the colonel saying at last: " Now, Ethel, what do you think-is Beau Braxton the ghost, or not?" "I confess I do not know, uncle. Per haps if he again turns up we will be able to discover. But can nothing be done for Lieutenant Seaford and Scout Cody, sir?" "Alas! I.fear nothing, Ethel; for what can we do? - We have no Indian braves as prisoners-whom we can exchange for them, and nothing could buy their freedom: for the red-skins would rather have Cody's scalp than the scalps.of a regimient of soldlers.= I feel that my hands are tied. We can only s'alt to see what will be done by the Indians with their unfortunate prisoners. But, see, we are going to have another snow storm." And the colonel was right, for as night came on the snow began- to fall, and when the morning dawned it lay a foot deep upon the ground. But .there was a surprise, for the sen tinel again at the main gate, as there was a trail to and from it in the snow. Upon the gate was an envelope, fas tened with a pin, and it was addressed to- Colonel Ferris. Quickly it was carried to the colonel, who opened It in haste' as he recognised his former weird correspondent's writ ing,-and read: . - "The three scouts have been put to death by the Indians. Lieutenant Sea. ford and Colonel Cody yet alive; Keep constantly onthe alert. "THE GHOST OF THE HAUNTED S -FORT." There waslio more, and it was written in the same feminine hand cs before. \- That was all:. "' 