Hjp jliarijtefe ?:S-^mL CHAPTER XVII. Clarissa',' .:''' '' ''' '' . It n»8 not a particularly honourable idea, but Lady Jane's honorable connec tioniffijere more numirous than her tijpeght».; For some reason, which she was never able to discover, Clarissa and Violet pror misfld to come to the Manor, and then day by day and week by week deferred their visit. Theexonsea they made were excellent. Violet , had a bad cold, OlaiiBsa bad; to accompany her mother to Dweaen, nut tney wouia come — uu, yes !— they wanted io spend a little time with dear Aunt Jane, and dear Philippa and Mark. At last, early in October, Lady Jane's fcopps once more suddenly revived. Cla rissa' wrote to say she would be with thew that evening. She must make her visit alone, for Vi was at Brighton with ffith mother. * 4 Mftrk,' said Lady Jane, ' Clarissa is comiDg down by the 3.30 train from ? Waterloo ; you'll be sure to meet her and escort her down, won't you Y Mark, who was fond of Clarissa, looked pleased and interested. ?Of course I'll meet her,' he said. ? It's rather a bore her choosing such an oarly train, for I had made an engage ment for that very hour ; but never fear, Bother, I'll be at Waterloo in good lime.' Mark left the room as he spoke. Lady Jane tnrned to Philippa. ?At last I' she Baid with a sigh. ?Well, motherie,' replied that young r -? « ? . Y, T ? Tl J I ? llil Majt ? XI i. were yoa x a jea?e -/xu i»bw ?lone, for, in my opinion, it haB not ar rived yet.' ? Nonsense, Philippa, you speak with out a bit of heart. You don't know how devoured with anxiety I am. All my life, I have striven to do my very utmost for Mark. I have denied myself for his take. When I see bim married to his coosin Clarissa, i shall be happy.' \- Dear me, mamsey, I hope you'll be kappy, whomever Mark mairies.' : ' What do you mean, Miss ? Whom ever Mark marries ! He is as good as engaged to Clarissa this minute.' Mies Danby stack her bands into the poeketa of her tailor-made jacket — she was dresied for going out at the time— \- and, turning on her heel, whistled a bar of ' Sweethearts.' ?Philippa, your unladylike conduct nearly maddens me.' Philippa stopped whistling at once. ;« Dear mother,' she answered, 'you kiiofr l would not really vex you for the world, but how can I help giving vent to Mtonishment when I hear you say that Olarissa and onr Marky are nearly en gaged!' Lady Jane almost Bprang from her chair. ? Marky ! How can you speak of your brother in that way ? It's enough to put Olairiisa against bim.' ? Oh, no, it isn't ; she's not that sort by any means. Now, 'motherie, will you ' listen to a word of advice from this wild, impertinent, boyish daughter of yours ?' ?Well, my love, you know I'm very fond of you, Philippa, although you do try me so often.' ' 'Of course, mother, I know that. Now, do liBten. Leave Mark and Olariisa alone. Don't throw them to gether,1 and don't look at them with that expression on your face which says so plainly, 'Oh, my children, come and kneel to me for my blessing 1' Just let things alone—do, if you want any thing to come of this. But I fear, I ,iear, x rear, r Philippa ran out of the room, and 'Lady Jane, left to herself, wept some aiigry tears. She thought her daughter ene of the most tryings of mortals. Mark accompanied his cousin down to Aeheon by the 8.30 train. They arrived at the Manor just in time for afternoon tea. Everything was looking its best; the drawing-room was bright with autumn leaves and flowers, a cosy fire eraokled on the hearth, and Lady Jane, ? in dove-coloured silk and soft white lace, looked aristocratic enough to be ?qybody ; the tea eqaipage was of the choicest, the tea of the most fragrant, and Mark led Clarissa in with all the eclat which the occasion demanded. .The weather wbb cold enough for fnrs, and Clarissa was clothed up to her deli cate fair throat in sable. She bad a cable cap on her head, and her eyes, which were large and dark in colour, Were full of eager expectation. If she was not in love with Mark, she liked him —even Philippa bad to admit that. The party sat round the hearth, and chatted aud langhed. Olarissa gave a ' ladiorou's account of the many reasons which had prevented her coming sooner to the Manor. . 1 1 wanted to come,' she said, lookiig np innocently and affectionately at Mark ; ' for yon know I promised to pay you a .visit in your own house this summer. Don't you remember, Philippa, bow wo planned it oil that evening at Lucerne ? txu han T ronnfod fn nnmo nnrl an did V/U, JOO» A. ? Vi, for that matter, but so many things eame in the way, and last of oil there woe another's illness. Oh, dear, oh, dear, the gammer has gone, and I have pot redeemed my promise 1' 'You have done the best you could, toy Jove,' said Lady Jane. 'You are here now, and1 we can forget the past while we enjoy the present. We'll keep Clarissa as long as we can, won't we, Mark ?' ? , ' I hope so,' answered Mark. Ho was looking at bis cousin with undisguised admiration. The colour mantled into her cheeks nnder bis gaae. She tossed aside her Jar caj», and unfastened the warm sablqs round her throat, 8bo wao a very ieaatiful girl, very bright, freph, and ?ewest ; it was impossible for all preaant $ot to be charmed with her. At dinner ' Clarissa wore white, and i Mark io'-i- ct pirHeilnly handBome in. j his uitds. He did not wear his j evening dress on ordinary nights, but he ; thought it only right to pay this little mark of respect to his cousin. 1 She's handsomer than ever,' he said to himself ; ' and I don't think I'm con ceited when I fancy that she likes me. Of course it never can be anything bat cousinly affection,' and Mark gave the ghost of a sigh, and made up his mind to be intensely virtuous during the evening. He had forgotten to write to Sybil that day ; a letter ol hers — a sad letter, too,— lay unanswered in bis pocket, - AH these young peopio could sing, and iiLer dinner thoy crowdcd round the piano, an:l had a gay time. They tried a few trios, then Philippa sang alone, then Clarissa sat down to the piano, and presently she and Mark had the musical part of the entertainment to themselves, foil Philippa left the room te attend to the wants of a sick Sunday scholar,1 and Lady Jane was far too worldly wise to approach the piano. Clarissa's ' voice blended beautifully with Mark'B, and they sang several love songs with great feeling together. Just before bedtime, when the four were standing ronnd the fire, and Mark's eves were travelling very often in the direction of Clarissa's, Philippa made one of her abrnpt observations. 'Cook has just told me that she is go ing out to the pillar-bov with a letter of her own. If yours is ready, she will take it at the same time, Marky.' This Suddennes of this attack, joined to the dancing light of mischief in Philippa's.eyes, threw Mark completely off his balance. ' Mine ready ? What do you mean V he asked, with an uneasy laugh. ' What I say, my dear boy. ^ You write a letter every night and post it. Cook can save you the trouble to-night if it is ready, that is all,' ?It is not ready,' he answered. And he turned on 'his heel. He could have bitten out hiB tongue the next instant for having avowed the existence of the nightly letter. He felt afraid almost to glance at Clarissa, but when he did look at her again, her face was calm, She had observed nothing. . CHAPTER XVIII. Jost like Jessica. Mark bad not the least intention of flirting with his cousin. In his heart of hearts, he was true to Sybil. He loved her bettor than any giri he had ever met. Sybil, without moneys would be a better wife for him than the riohest maiden of his day. Still, Mork was not the mos constant of human beings. He had a 7ery fine figure and a handsome face, but he had not a particularly strong order of mind. Clarissa was very pleasant to look at. He conld not help being im pressed with the idea that she liked him something more than cousinly regard. He was not conceited enough to suppose that she was in love with him, but be thought that a very little effort on his part would make her so. Clarissa was too handBome and too rich not to have had many offers of marriage, but she had evidently never cared for any one to say ? Yes.' As Mark watched har face, he used to wonder, in case he said the fate ful words, if she would soy 'Yes' to bim. Lady Jane had sufficiently profited by Philippa's advice to leave the young people to themselves. She felt happy during these days, for although Mark did not mean to flirt, he was undoubted ly attentive, and that other affair, about which she had once received some dark hints — that 'common kind of girl ' who lived somewhere in Rosemary Gardens — about whom she had written to Jessica, surely Mark had forgotten all about the girl long ago. When Clarissa had spent nearly a week at the Manor, the letters were brought in one morning as usual at breakfast lime. Philippa had two, Mark one, which he slipped into his pocket, and Lady Jane received three or four as her share of the post-bag. Clarissa bad no letter to read tbat morning, and she noticed, with a kind of lazy wonder, how Mark popped his ont of sight, and how Lady Jane and Philippa devoured theirs. Meeting Mark's eyes, she bent forward and spoke, — ' How unlike a woman you are, Mark, she said. Women can't bear to leave their letters unread.' Mark coloured as she addressed him. ' Your letter was a bill, wasn't it, Marky 7' suddenly exclaimed Philippa, raising ? her eyes from her own ep fl.le. Then she continued, withont listening for his rep'y,— ' Ob, motherie, Clarissa and Mark do listen ! I have got such a delicious letter from dear old' Jessica Power. Her boarding-house is started, and she en closes me a prospeotus. Here it is 'No. 80 Rosemary Cardens. Boarding house for girls.' And here is the tariff of terms. I tell you what it is, I mean to go to that boarding-house. ClarisBa, Buppose we go up there together ? You know you want to do some shopping. Suppose we go tomorrow, and spend two or three days? What is it, motherie? Do you object V ' Of course I do, my dear. Do you think my brother would permit Clarissa to go to a common boarding-bouse? Boarding-houses are always low, second rate kind of places.' i But this is not low, nor second-rate, ncr common. This is Jessica's board ing-house, hor own little pet investment, paid for and provided out of hor own money, snd the girls who manage it are quite ladies, as good as I om, Jessica says.' » Well, my dear, well, but I don't think Clarissa's father would wish her go to any place of the kipd.' ' I am sure ho would not,' murmured Mark, whose fooe had suddenly grown very white. To Be Cost intod']. 