THE FEDERAL RESOLUTIONS. Tho groat grievance! of tho Opposition against the Government, so far, has been Mr. Hold's refusal to provide them with a grievance. In the Governor's Speech they 14 inmnssililo to nick the smallest hole, with the result that after a week's barren discussion the AcUlress-in- Reply had to ho adopted without division. As soon as this had made the way clour the Fede ral resolutions were tallied with n prompt ness which gave no ghost of an opening for cavil or protest. The lending obliga tion imposed by the Governor's Speech was fulfilled on the same night that the Address- in- RcpIy was passed. That, unusual up-to- dateness put out of tho question all possi bility of raising a complaint on tho score of dilntoriuess or insincerity with reference to the pushing forward of the great work to which both sides of the House are bound by equally strong and equally explicit pledges. And in tho subject matter'of the resolutions themselves there is the same exasperating absence of anything to which exception other than of a purely factious character can be taken. There were va rious seiui-otficial mutteriugs concerning them indulged iu yesterday, and some ten tative suggestions as to the discovery of a possible loophole for attack, but the awk ward thing is that the Opposition pledged itself at tho general elections to support every essential principle that the resolutions contain. Had the country allotted to Mr. Barton, instead of to Mr. Reld, the task of drawing them up, lie could not have- produced anything substantially different without a distin.ct. violation of hustings pledges. The resolutions merely reduce to concise aud definite language the criticisms upon the Convention Bill in which, after its failure at the referendum, all parties in this colony unanimously indulged. In asking Parliament to adopt them, therefore, the Government simply call for an explicit de claration of the points in the Bill that are regarded as defective." The only question is whether these points are fairly or un fairly stated. It remains, therefore, for the House to cither agree to the resolutions or produce others which more accurately set (Yirth the subjects concerning which Federal negotiations should be re-opened. The other colonies have very reasonably called for a clear statement of the amend ments about which New South Wales is will ing to negotiate before entering into a conference, and it is in answer to that de mand that tho House lias now to net. No mandatory effect is involved in the passing of the resolutions containing such a state ment. All ilio resolutions do is supply a ground for discussion between the represen tatives of tho colonies. Victoria, South Aus tralia, and Tasmania have agreed to the Convention Bill in its integrity. New South Wales is willing to agree to the. greater portion of it, and the whole of that portion is indicated liy tho expression of the seven points of objection named In the resolutions. When the House adopts these resolutions it infeventialiy declares its acceptance of all those portions of the Bill which are not touched by Ahem, and to that extent the colonies are brought into practical agreement. , As for the reserved points, they will he' lield over for discussion in conference,- with the ground of debate narrowed down to them-- alone. The passing of the resolutions will consequently elimin ate all the redundant factors, and reduce the Federal problem to Its simplest terms. To pretend to believe that this would ham per the freedom of negotiation is a piece of audacity which has been publicly sug gested to the Opposition as an excuse for opposing the resolutions, and making an attempt to wrest Federation out of the . hands of the Government. Those who regard Federation 'as a mere parly plaything or are consumed by an impatience. for office, which overrides both their judgment and their patriotism, might consider such a suggestion, but the majority of members who are sincere Federalists, and who have no personal interest in a charge of sides, can hardly be expected to do so. These resolutions bring Federation down to. a small and simple ground of ne gotiation, upon wlilcli tile recent utterances of the Victorian and Queensland Premiers make it clear that, at least, the two princi pal colonies are prepared to meet Now South Wales in hopeful conference. To pre vent such a conference from taking place would throw back the whole question of Federation into primordial chaos, and give Mr. Lyne aud his provincial tnriffist fol lowing a fair excuse for regarding it as. suf ficiently postponed to justify them iu, putting it aside, and resuming the old 'fiscal wrangle. 