Mfiyfield, South Yarra. • \ Thursday, AnguBt 11. I Mr Dear \ Marie,— I You must rather have wondered at the idea of the innovation of a champagne dinner, at half-past three I in the afternoon, as a wedding celebration. Rut it I was only a vagary of the printer, who made dejeuner read dinner in the account of the vice-regal wedding I last week. Of course it was not a formal meal, as I the guests all stood at the tables. The absence' of I speeches and toasts was a decided step in the right I direction, for to one witty or amusing speech, there I are a dozen " dreary drips of platitudes." You I would have been amused to have seen the faces of I some of the lady guests, when after finishing their I " wine," they requested a cup of tea, and were told, " No tea here, madam." They evidently thought I they were to be deprived of their indispensable I afternoon cup, and their countenances assumed an expression of dyspeptic gloom. A little later, on I their return to the ball- room, they brightened up wonderfully for from the buffet that opens thereon I came the welcome clink of cup and saucer. The I " five o'cloque," as Parisians term it, had not been omitted. I _ Really one of the most elegantly gowned women I in St. Paul's Cathedral at the Madden marriage, last I week, was the modiste responsible for the bride's and I bridesmaids gowns. Her toilette was of short silk I of that bronze hue, which shines like burnished I copper when the sun touches it. The skirt had I innumerable rows of narrow tinted lace, and the I corsage was embellished to match, while the chapeau I was one of the latest and smartest Parisian creations to hand, in which a vivid tone of mandarin velvet I played a prominent part. She had naturally gone to Government House, on Wednesday morning, to I see the bride dressed, and was honoured by a seat I in Lady Madden's carriage to the church. I I believe that Mrs. Clement Vallange intends to I buy a diamond necklet with some of the cheques I received as presents. This is just what a bride I might be expected to do. Jewels are the most essential appurtenances of wealth. They are a sort I of guarantee to society that the wearer has an I income which places her above the necessity of I trading on social influence. Of course Lieutenant J Vallange is very rich. A statement has certainly I appeared in a wrong-headed weekly paper that I Lieutenant Vallange's income was only £2000 a I I year. The statement is, however, quite incorrect. The i I ground rental from the Block Arcade alone probably j I represents that amount. There are other valuable j I Melbourne and suburban properties which yield a I vast income. Shortly before his death, Lieutenant I Vallange's father visited Melbourne and re-arranged j the leases on most advantageous terms. Lieutenant I Vallrrnge is sole heir, and when the leases fall in I Sir John Madden's son-in-law will probably have an I income of something like £10,000 a year. This is a ) calculation made by experts, and I mention it for I " what it is worth." Lieutenant Vallange's mother, II hear, has much property in her own name and I which will eventually go to him—her only child. By the way, last week, in describing I the sun tiara, it was mentioned that it could I be dismounted and worn as a buckle; it should I have read that the parts could be worn separately, I perhaps as a brooch, but certainly it would make an I impossible ornament, as a buckle, even to a Swiss j bodice. I We may shortly hear of an engagement of an I ethereal society belle, who resides in our neighbourhood, to the tall and slim son of a Victorian squatter. I They were prominent figures at the military ball, j last Friday, at the Masonic Hall, and danced I together most of the evening. People are speculating on the chances of a popular I hunting man becoming engaged to the niece of his I early love, whose marriage some years ago left him I" wearing the willow." Both ladies are distinI guished horsewomen. I I hear it is more than probable that an engageI ment will be announced very shortly between the I daughter of a wealthy knight and a smart young I station manager. You are quite right. If she had not been a beautiful actress, her behaviour on the terrace promenade at the Flemington race meeting last Saturday would have been considered outrageously vulgar. And so would her style of dressing. The cheque gown reminded one of those old English prints selected by vestrymen as repressive of the vanity of a woman seeking shelter in an alms bouse. The black velvet cape made conspicuous the Rubens-like wealth of charm, and the eccentric Parisian toque seemed to have been modelled from a design in the comic papers. The two little ladies upon whose shoulders she rested her massive, well-proportioned hands as she sauntered up and down, did not appear to enjoy the situation. One slipped away under the charge of her husband, who seemed sorry he had not arrived before the promenade commenced, and the other appeared much relieved when the sumptuous beauty marched off with a noble lord. The latest candidate for musical honors is Mrs M. Moore, the popular wife of Dr Moore, of St. Kilda. Her latest composition is the " Elva" waltz, a catchy tuneful measure, which is included in all the up-to-date ball programmes. Mrs Robert Louis Stevenson is thus pictured by an American lady journalist:—" Mrs. Stevenson is a slight woman. Her eyes are like black velvet, sombre, inscrutible, and fathomless. Her face is the face of a sphinx ; her nose is straight and Oriental, there, is the ghost of a dimple in her pale cheek. Her hair is as black as her eyes, thickly flecked with silver, cut short, falling in curls about her neck, and growing low about the temples. She is composed, intense, repressed in manner ; she makes no gestures, she sits in a large chair, both hands (loaded with barbaric rings) resting lightly on the arms. Her very attitude again suggests the sphinx crouching in the desert. When you look at her daughter, Mrs. Rose Strong, who is with her, tropical in color, lustrous-eyed, with the face of a gipsy, a sybil—you see what she must have been when Stevenson fell in love with her. Mrs. Stevenson was her husband's comrade. ' He taught me how to live.' she says, as a far-away reminiscent look steals into her eyes." Now that women are taking the place of men in the learned professions and as managers of public institutions the question may be reasonably asked : ,Why are we not to have ladies Justices of the Peace ? There are many women in Australia who would make make excellent magistrates, not only in the witnessing of documents, but on the Bench. Cases come before the court upon which a man should not adjudicate, cases in which women and children are concerned. The decision of a woman would be not only just, but humane, and her intuition would be of immense service in tempering her justice with mercy or severity. Anyway, why should we be so dependent on men for our distinctions, now that the sexes are equally well educated f The latest novelty is carbon brilliants or real jewels, mounted as buttons on gloves. Ribbon is to be used in endless quantities for trimming on summer frocks, made up in vandyck designs, ruches and frillings. Who was that cynic who said that if woman had had the " putting of a girdle round about the world," she would have fastened it in a bow, and have insisted on " ribbons to match ?" Now that fancy balls are in the air the Austral Salon has determined to be in the fashion, and is taking advantage of the craze to provide funds for the purchase of a grand piano. Wednesday, Sep- tember 27, is the date chosen, and though the affair will not be on the same magnitude as the Shakspeare ball, the Salon has such an enormous clientele that success is certain. The club entertains over three thousand people a year, and it is these three thousand who ate expected to buy tickets. A brilliant " quick change " artist, whose dapper style made him a conspicuous figure at the Shaks'ball, when waltzing round with keen enjoyment suddenly "skidded." He maintained his fame as a lightning change artist, for before the spectators had time to laugh at the whirling confusion of lady's skirt and cavalier's spider-like sprawl, than both were up and dancing easily and calmly as if they had gone down on purpose. A certain popular actress who took a prominent part in the brilliant Sbaksperian pageant at the Town Hall had to dispense her smiles with much tact amongst ■ dozens of admirers, each of whom wanted to be the exclusive recipient of her sparkling glances. The elderly but jaunty benedict who constituted himself her chief devotee would have lost some of his admirable aplomb if he had heard his own particular Beatrice remark to a friend in the balcony as they watched him "cutting out" other courtiers, "There is no fool like an old fool," Tours affectionately, Stella. 