T.flE BLAKE FAMILY. [Bt Beta.] CHAPTER IX. Monday, l$th Msrah, 1941, waa an cveutfal day to several of the persona who have figured io tbia story- Far several previous vttb ro®oUr tild been buifi and it bad come ta fee knowfa tbat a great ■nit was to be tried in the Supremt. Court to determine the rifhtffri' 6«rnW ship of a fortune, producing an inoome of sot ieie than £12,000 a year. The person in actual posBeasion of the prize aai oar MheniDg, unvenipulo'ui acquaintance. James Blake; and the claimant was hia Cousin Charles, who ifti about to dispute the validity of the will under wbieh James, and hia guardian together, had held and drawn the revenues of the property for tome twenty^tbree years pssf. Charlea Blake had, aa we know, suf fered much at the hands of his con Bin, and he had vowed that if be ever gottbat young man io hia poifer fie would be even with bim. That time, he believed bad now come. He had been advised that the will under which James held the property waa only a will in name, and, therefore, the money which his eouain waa assumed to have inherited under that will belonged tohimself, Charles Blakei. The aum in question was abo&t.; £500,000, and Cbarlea sought to reooyer that Then there waa an annual income, £12,000, which had been illegally appropriated, as the claimant alleged, during twenty* three yeare. An&, aa 23 time* 3/2 make 276, tbere wai a nice. little earn of £276,000—the meene profits of the estate, as the lawyers call back reotr, or inoome .—to be recovered aa well. Bat even this wsb not all. Chailes Blake's lawyers in silted upoc hia claiming interest, at the rate ot 5 per cent, per annum upon each year's income; and, as these two last elaima, at the very lowest computation, amqBited to another £500,000, what Jamn Blake now had' to'do waa to resist a da**1® ot sottefcltiog like £1,000,000*^0 very different thing from his recent amuse ment &f; fabricating letters with a view to tain his coesios1 reputation* and deitroy his proapeots of happiness. It was unfortnnate for James Blake's peace of mind d'orinfr the evil days upon which he had now fallen, that he did not believe that his cousin Charlea had the ghost of a chance of" bringing his claims to a au3cetsfai issue. Wben^ the first bote of alarm was sounded, he instructed his solicitors to obtain eounsel'a opinion upon the ease, and be had been assured by the foremost men at the bar that hia po sition was unassailable. That being ao, he had only the worry Io faee, together with the expense such worries generally entail. For the rest, he refleofced With no Bmall amount of eossplacency that hi* t>®r»e was a good deal longer than Charlea Blake's was, and that impulsive young man stood a *ery fair ebasoe of dropping a considerable cum of money before tha lawvers had done with bim. And it ia only right to say that the public was of the same way of thinking. There were tbe asusl preliminary skirmiehei before the real battle waa fonght. The party attaobed wanted to know the method, and the places along their lines" in whieh an assault was to be made. The assailants, on the other band, strove to diselose a little of his strategy, and unmask as few of his batteries aa possible. Io doing this be was assisted by the defence, whose confidence in the strength of their position made them care less. Hen<*e, their interrogatories were neither *o •arching as usual nor pressed with the persistency which they might have been. When, at lengthy tbe day of trial ar rived the court was crowded almost to suffocation. No civil ease had excited so muob interest witbin tbe memory of man. The " odds" were offered and taken ao freely, as if the two Blakes had been a pair of thoroughbreds entered for the cup at Flemington. The .** books" tbat were made on theevent" might have satisfied the aspirations of a plonger upon any course. Needless- to say that James Blake was the " favorite," nor that tbe "odds were 100 to 3 against Charlea—or j the " Ballarat colt," as he was called. TbDf, in addition to the personal friends and aequaintsnces of tbe litigants; tbe j contingent of lawyers sueb eases draw to the courts; besides the regular habitues of the temple of Justice—numbers of people were draws to tbe soeoe of conflict for no other Teason than that — " they ha3 money on it." In fact, tbay bad so much nmoney that many of them had good cause to remember it long after wards. Tbere were other points of interest connected with this trial which sorely puzzled the quid mines ; and one of these was the contrast between tbe legal forces arrayed against each other. James Blake for instance, had secured tbe strongevt bar that tbe ranks of the profession could furnish. Each of the three gentle men retained to do battle for him was a noted , leader in the legal army. The j time when either of them had condescen ded to hold, any except a leader's brief before this iase had long, gone by. , Mr Fhatbrief, Q.C., the celebrated cross examiner, was a,tower of strength io him self. ; He was no la*yer, to apeak of ; but an adept at cross-questioning — ao much, so tbat, it is aaid, having once coaxed a certain nameless personage into the witness-box, he so bullied and tor mented the old gentleman tbat he first stamped, tben swore, and at last fairly turned-tail and ran away—roaring out, as be escaped Irom the court, that it would be- bis - turn soon, and then Fhatbrief j would have to look out for cinders. Such wa8 the leader in the ease ; though, of oourae, tbe 8tory of bis encounter with 'Diabolna must -barf; been an invention of an enemy. Mr Wheazelle. the gentleman, who was to .follow Mr Fhatbrief, ww. another for midable adyersary. -His-forteJay in bis auocesMa.ihe detection of flaws end weak spots generally in a oase. and the facility with which'he could wriggle through an ill-jointed Act of Parliament. Could he but, discover a chink, or crevice into which fce eoufel in»©«4 4li«»- lip jj{ his pointed • nose, tbe - ultimate passage ol his whole body was almost a . foregone .conclusion. Mr Eksbeneh completed this formidable trio. On the other faaod, the names of the gentlemen who wet* aeleoted to do battle for Cbarles Blake were kept secret almost up to the day of trial. His consin bad been firat.in the field, and, in eonsequenea had the pipje of the basket, as the saying is ; and, although 4bere were some very alilfl men still left for Charles -to choose frotn. it was .evident tbat his consin bad . secured the really big guns, and tbat he wonld.bavp. toi flgbt tbem with weapons ofleWsr J(legai} talibr#,: > JNeyerthelesB.as hia-cause, had been entrusted to one it tbe most eminent firms of solicitors in jMelbouroe, 4t . waa assumed tbat hia inwesta- wetebeing-properlylookedafter. But, when the day came, and tbe legal forces- W.ere actually arrayed against 4^eh^btber.-.in <»pen court, tbe surprise tbat ifas< great .indeed.; T3je, leadings counsel for Cturles Blake. proved io t.'be<lba.l Mr John«ione: with whom. fbe fepjderfi«a ^already sli Rhtly ac quainted, -Aad^ ^altbougb be, waa what j8 ±e^ed *,-ia;3»iBg-"bBrri>tet/' as a foreo sieJjBininMj.|i. wasyet somewhat low dps>|iUQ t^<4e|at; firuiaaient.uL'A8 lot bis < tjwoy^ileagaes, ^ot-juLiors—well ;«tbey werejhis juniors in-«U respect*. , 4 When the sis lawyers faced eacjb other across the tgb^e, somebody remarked that Charles bad broufbt. three ligbtlyatnied eoood rate eruiscra to engage against i hree powerful ironclads; whilit tfcoae rho had already laid odd* upon the 1 ihancea of the favourite, went eat to try < iad pat a little more money "on the ' mme colt." Bat, whilst the crowd eon- I lidered Oharles Blake's ehtncea to be ■ iesperate, there were a few—a very few —who looked deeper Into things and, nrfthoot exactly knowing why, were di*-: 1 posed to think hia proapeota were not ' jpit? so adOBrteio aa tbey aeemed. For instants, those who knew mneh aboot the astute firm of solioitora who were conducting the esse, regarded tbe weak new at the bar as aa indication of the J strength of the position, rather thn> other- \ wise'; and amongst those who ao thought jrere Mr Phatbriel, and bis colleagues. They had themaeivea been too frequently employed by, cod were too well acquain ted with thegfeatabilities offcht solicitors for the ether aide, not to recognise that the signals held oat, which the pablic read — " line clear," . really meant •' danger ahead ; proceed with oeution." Thea* again, there were other cireom sttnees which puzzled them. There were only three poisifclS witnesses who eoald do anything for the defence; bat, upon the evidence of these, not only Thomas Blake, and Jamea, the actaal defendant, bat their legal advisers as well felt abaolofeW certain their cause would be gained. But, when communications were opcoed with these pereona, it was found that they had been already snm noned to appear on behalf of the plaint'ff. So- they were snmraaned ageifl; and thns it* happened that both plaintiff aod de fendant relied apon the same let of wit nesses ! Was ever aueh a thing beard of before? Why, there was no possibility of perjury on either side. Another perplexing thing was the pro voking ease and -eompoanre with which the three yoang lawyers bore themselves. There was no Surry—no betrayal of anxiety ; neither was there anything like ostenatioas confidence. They were as serene as if tbey had come to hear a lec ture apon the L*w of Evidence, instead, of - befog champions jest about to fight, and perhaps lose, an important battle. The ease was heard before tbe Chief Justioe and a special jury. In his opening address, Mr Johnstone briefly described the nature of the beqaest of James Blake, who died in London in the year 1896, as described by Dr Jer vois, in the fitst chapter of thife itory. He laid special strew apon the fast that tbe legacy of £5,000, and the ananity of £500 a year, were left to Mary Blake, not beeaase she was the wife of testator's brother, Thomas Blake, bat because she' had been Mary Janseh, the beloved of Jatnca Blake himself. Likewise that tbe balk df the fortune bad bean left to her eldest son, should she have Children, no matter whether by her then living has band, or by a possible second marriage. "Yon will not fail to observe,"— counsel continued—" that no bequest is made to Thomas Blakt. Hie nafee is not even mentioned in the will, ex cept once, and then it is as tbe person to whom the heir is forbidden to be queath any of James Blake's money. There can be no mistake about that, and yoa can therefore imagine what would be the dead man's feelings, could bis ashes be rekindled with the spark of life, at beholding this objectionable per son revelling in the uncontrolled pos session of all that money, as be did over a period of nearly seventeen year*, and tben see it pass into the bands of a young gentleman for whom it was never intended. No; in the event of Mary Jan&eo;'s eldest son not living to the stipulated.age, the money was to pass to James Blake's youngest brother William, and his issue. Tbe " stipulated age" at which Mary Blake's son was to inherit— that son being the late Francis Blake was set forth in the plainest possible words, and in the testator's own handwriting. And, gentleman, as the crux of the whole question at issue is contained in thone words, I may ask yoa to pay special attention to them. The heir was to come into his fortune—"whenever Tie shall have lived the full period of twenty-three years —the full period of twenty-three years," repeated Mr Johnstone slowly and im pressively ; " and again I say yoa will have to examine, and possess yoar minds to the fall meaning of those words. Ton will not have failed to oBserve, gentlemen, that the phrase is somewhat unusual. The testatsr does not say the heir is to inherit on the attainment—of his twenty third birthday. Had he said that, the late Francis Blake woald have been tbe true beir. There is no gainssyiog, for Frank Blake unquestionably attained that day, and my learned friends opposite will tell yon, and are already to prove that he lived through that day, and actually en tered upon his'twentjr-fourth year at tbe time of his desth. Now, gentleman, I need not tell men of your intelligence tbat what yoa have been broogbt here for, is to give effect to the wishes and tbe intentions of the late James Blake, as expressed is his will. And these intentions are not conveyed to you at aecond hand, through the medium of some Bolibitor employed to embody them in « wilt, and in the cambersome phraseology which, I regret to say, •« lawyers ase, bat you have them at first band, and from the testators own pen. James Blake, therefore, speaks to yoa from the grave; and as he is powerless to rectify this grevions wrong, he oalls apon yoa to redress it for him. Yon .will be told that James Blake's wishes have been respected—that Francis Blake hav ing inherited the money devised it to his infant son—t&at; the appointment of his father, the objectionable Thomss Blake, that infant's guardian was only natural, and in no wise contrary to the terms of tbe will. Fortunately I am not called upoo to argae that point: Iliave simply to prove to yoa that the late Francis Blake had no money to beqaeath either to his infant son or anybody else. Sir. Jerrcis was then called, as the first witness for the- plaintiff. Sum marised, his evidence was af follows :— He was 4n attendance at the birth of Frank Blake; that, owing to a circum stance that occurred earlier in the evening he had bceo requested tobe particular in Dotioing the exact- minute of the- ehild'a birth, and,to sign a certificate recording it ; that the eventactoally eeearfedaa tbe cloek at the General Post Offies.was toll ing tbe hoar of midnight—that is, he was born wjtb the beginning of November 9ih,. 1894, and the witness gave a certificate to that effect before leaving the house. He further ~ deposed that ha was at Francis Blake's bedside,' togethorwith Dr. Yoang, sinee deceased, .and Dr. James, now present in court, at the moment of the young man's deelb/Whifch occurred at 6 minutes and 30 «eCond8 after -midnight on November 8th, or, ifedre -correctly Speak ing, at5 ifiihutes,'30 "seconds, a.m., on the 9th November, 1917. - ' The Chief Justice.—"The deceased was 23 yean.of age. then, when he died ?" Dr. Jervoia.—" That ia ao, if clocks are to be believed." Mr Johnstone.—" As a matter of fact, Dr. Jervois, did you then eoniider^that, in the words, of the will/ Ihe deceased; gentleman bad lived the foil period of twenty-three yearsif 1'^ -,. ■}£. .; Dr. Jervois. — " UnqBestionably. I told the father so/' ; • r. .4 Mr Johnstohe.—'SAnd yoo .gave a certificate to; that. effect, and to;p»*ide > for -jsucb a -contingency at has* how = arisen?" * - • .. i* Dr. Jerries.—" At tbe reqoeat £od on the behalf of Mr Thomas Blafce.* MrJebn*ton#.-«»" Thank yoo» ^li ii ill." etoH-esMmaatioa vaa ofti nBaeisary, igfDr. Jer'roU bni «lio (9, give Qflienoe jo tbe other side. It was the same irftir- Dr.. Jnmatb wh» prelj «Qii6rf)ed ;be eTidenoe ihat had been giten by Dr. Ter*oili The next witness was the Registrir of Births and Deaths for the Bonthern aiyislSB o£ Fitzcoy, ^ho pat io the registers QfrntAininfi entries <»f tig birth sad tbe death of Fraoois Blake, which were read out, aod corroborated tbe evi dfenee of the previous witness. 2*3 other witnesses were -called, and as Mr Johnstoner rose to hie feel; to address the eonrt, people were saying to each otfo*—" why, he pated (he ease defendant!* As for Johnstone himself, now t&ift; the eritiaal moment bftd the mots est of real eonfliet wben hemast anmaak hie fealteriea-—he looked anions enoneh. " What do yon thiol; of it ?*' Whea zelle whicpered in the ear of his leader. " I don't like it," was tbe reply. "The fellow is np tomiaebief. So far be has not given the least indication what be ia after. Yon see be has preved oar ease for us, as ably sb if be bald oar brief. He either plays a deep gam*, or else be is a fool." CTo be continued.) 