TAUES Alip SKffBHBS., EOTLMHED ir 8MX3UI ABBAKOEMEKt, IN THE GRIP OF "fitf E, Br À. Wi MARCHMONT, ; Ï Author of "BV r%ÛMof Sword," "' A Heritage of Peril," *' ¡nr< Jaffray'« Wife," i »'The ju valery of Mortimore Strauga," "By I Whoao Handf" "The Old, Mill-Syrtery,^ " Miser Hoadley'e Seoret,"&c.;, tc j COriEIOUT, Çttàirio XVtt.^-lKTàB Tana. IAll the limite WM at »till and quiet BI the gravo, »ave for the ticking of the great ball olock t the moonlight, streaming through the gla»B dome at the top of the square staircase, gave weird effect» of light and shads, and the noise of the wind and the sea soundod drear and mournful. Mercy's rooms lay apart from the rest in one of the many addition» which had been made to the oourt from time to time, and there wai not a chance of the Colonel's footfalls on the soft thick stair carpet being heard. At the door he stopped, and stooping down put his ear to the keyhole and listened. Not a Bound. With an infinitely gentle touch he turned the handle end pressed it inward, The door was locked. But the fact pleased him. ile had foreseen the need to be prepared for this. He himself had chosen thisroom for the girl, and had' fitted to the door a lever ar- rangement by which that part of the door post into which the bolt of the lock titted could be moved away by a spring operated from outside. It was os necessary to bis Stuns that anyone sleeping in the roora should e able to feel themselves secure as it was that he should be able to enter the room under any circumstances. He hod moreover, Ukenevery care to tee that the ingenious mechanism waB in perfect working order. A touch of the biddon lover on the outside was enough. Instantly and without the least noise he felt the door yield as he held it, and a moment later be was inside the room, i He stood for a moment to make eurev that the girl had heard nothing; but all was quite still, save for the rattling casement. He crept across the room ro the bed, draw- ing out his handkerchief and the phial of chloroform for the first part of the grim «ork. There were curtains to the head of thc bed, and before drawing them back he poured out the chloroform in readiness. Then with a stealthy sod infinitely cautious hand he pulled back the curtain and bent over the bed. It was empty i And in bis surprise be stepped back quickly, and his foot struck the leg of a small table standing by the bedside, and caused a glass and water-bottle apon it to rattle. The noise was slight, but enough to rouse Mercy, who had fallen into a light dose in her chair by the window. She started and woke. The air from the window, which was slightly open at the top, caused a draught fro» the door, and looking round she saw it was open. She jumped to her feet, and with a heart cramp of fear tried to call out. Not a sound pasBed her lips. Then she caught, sight of the figure by thc bed, but did Dot recognise it in the dim un- certain light. Her fear became ulmoBl s paralysis. The remembrance of the raye tericuR footsteps she and Lallu had heard flashed into her thoughts and she believed foi a moment that what she saw was « ghost. She watched it, fascinated wit! horror, and too hysterical to get a coherent sound from her lips. Her eyes followed every movement until she saw the figure glide across the room to the door, which seemed to close behind it as noiselessly at though tbe whole were a Vision. With the disappearance of tho figure, Mercy recovered her voice, and rushing tc thc door and finding it locked and bolted ai she htrself had fastened it, she sent np scrcair after scream for help, as with hysterical haste elie tore back the heavy bolt and tin lock, and then fell half-swooning with terroi upon the Boer. The whole house was roused hy her cries. 1 The tiret to come were the two Indiat servants, Lalli/ following close behind them. They lifted her, halt- unconscious, oa to thc bed, aud whoa she was recovering he mothei and the Colonel and J uan came. " What's the matter ?" asked Colonel Roca. " Who has been screaming? Has anything happened ?" "It is Mercy," said Lallu. "We found 1 her lying on the door just inside her room half-fainting.** "Oh dear, oh dear," cried Mrs. Boca, bearing this. " And here we are miles from a doctor. Oh, this dreadful house 1" and she rushed hysterically to the bedside. "If it is anything serious," said thc Colonel, readily, " I will drive at onee for e dootor." But it was soon apparent that there wat nothing more serious than a very severe fright. Gradually Mercy regained composure, though she frightened her mother nearly out of ber wits several times by clutching her uddenly and declaring with a half-scream she could still see a figure moving where thc rest knew there was nothing but empty space. When she had grown calm enough to explain what had happened, she told the story in little jerks of narrative, all those who were in the room listening with absorbed-interest. Mrs. Boca and Lallu were the most affected, and the former roused the Colonel's anger by the persistency with which she usëd the occasion to accentuate her own nervous alarms. " Mercy must have fallen asleep by the window," he said-" though why on earth she should want to get out of bed in order to sleep in a chair I can't understand-and have had one of those exceedingly vivid dreams which her imagination create»." " It was ne dream," exolsimed Mercy. " I saw the figure." " But you asy tho door was looked and bolted, child," said her mother. "Are you suret" " Quite, I remember bolting it-I always do-and I remember tearing at the bolt just now when the figure had vanished." " I think it is time you saw a doctor," declared the Colonel. " But the best thibg you can do now is to gat off to sleep, again as fast as you can, and wait until daylight helps you to laugh at your dream." " I will never bo alone again at night in this house," cried Mercy, gazing about her, and trembling'violently witb fright. " I will stay with you;" said Lallu, readily. " And Ab Our will sleep outside the door." The Colonel at first opposed this as uonsense, and said the man ought hoc to be ribbed of his rest ; but a word from Lallu wa» enough, and the Indian could-not be turned from the proposal. i When the' others had' gono and- the two girls were alone, Lullu made'Mercy, desoribe to ber tho whole incident in the fullest possible . detail, and during the telling put question-after question upon all manner'of points bearing upon thosupposed supernatural character of the visit. The Indian girl was full of superstitious fears and beliefs to the finger tips, and declared that she knew of her own knowledge that the spirits-of tb* dead revisited thc earthy and she began to relate* weird and ghastly experiences of a blood-ohllling character, until Mercy bad to beg her to desist. "There is a curious smell in the room," «id Lullu more titan 'once, "I can't under- stand it," "I noticed lt before-when thnt horrible thing wa» here," »aid Meroy. It was a faint scent of drugsVtmdijallUïOt but of bod once to eearch for the canee of lt; but found noth- ing« and eeou ef&rwardt; rte'two' girls fill asleep in each other's arms. ? In the morning Meroy was much better. The anxiety and fright had preyed upon her, ¡«nd »he wat »tfllibÄlBtt'iir^nd acared, but «be was able to think of tho occurrence c»ln)ly, «od to pertusde towel! that lt bad bean no more than a very yived dream, in whian «he had left her bed. And gradually she carne to emile at herself for her weakness. Bat when she was dressing, and Lallu had gone to her own room, she inado a discovery. Throwing back the bedclothes she found the cause of the falut smell that had puzzled her and Lallu. In the bed was a handkercheif, stained somewhat, but still retaining'the relics of the faint scent. And Mercy detected the scent directly. It was chloroform; and the handkerchief was marked with Colonel Koca's name. How could lt possibly have oome into her bed ? Who hsd been using 'chloroform, and for what purpoBe, in her room Î There was the chance that it might have been brought there when they came crowding into the room. But there was also another suggestion that made her heart beat fast, and set her shrinking with a fresh chill of fear. Had it, after all, been no more than a dream or a vision t Vet her door had been locked and bolted. Could there be some secret entrance? No ; the thing was im- possible. Someone must have brought the handkerchief into the room after ehe had screamed and have dropped it by accident. She would wait and make an inquiry. But when she went to bid her mother good morning, another surprise was in store. After having kissed the girl and made much of ber, Baying how pale she looked, her motlier said : "I'm afraid you're not so careful as you uaed to be, Mercy dear, and last night nearly made a mistake. Here's your chloral left itt my room, and I was very nearly taking a dose by «accident. I wish you'd carry it to your room, though I do hope you're not going to take.to opiates. " " My chloral,!" questioned Mercy, in Burprise. " Yes, dear, your name's on the label. From Hunt's, at Penlharu," Mercy stared at the name tn bewilderment. Then with au effort she collected her thoughts, and aaid it ought not to have been left there, and she would take it up to her room. When she reached there slio sat down a minute to think. Was she goint; mod ? Had she bought this stuff and forgotten all about it? Had she been using chloroform and 1 forgotten it, to drug herself into sleep because her brain was tired! Or was it all part of . some desperate scheme against her safety li 1 When she went downstairs the others were at breakfast, and the Colonel, who had heard > from his wife that the bottle hod been given ' to the girl, said casually : 1 *' By the way, Mercy, when I waa over at \- Pentham yesterday I was in Hunt's, thc 1 chemist, and told him about your insomnia. " He advised a mild dose of chloral now aud i then ; so I brought a little for you." > "Thank you. Rut who else in the house r wants it?" I see someone has had a > dose ot I it already. Have you needed any ?" ' "I? No, certainly not. Your mother ? made a mistake in the night and upset a little i of it." Mercy felt too ¡ll to prolong the conversa , tion or provoke any dispute, but the falseness > of the story was clear enough to her, and thc i entire iucident of the night before took a > fresh form in her thoughts. She kept I brooding over it at intervals during the day, s and trying to decide upon some definite course " of action. Her mother remained too ill and nervous to . be told even about the statement of the woman ? in the cottage ; and the day brought another . reason for silence, moreover. Mercy went ! twice to the woman's cottage and found it ' shut up and apparently deserted. Thus her evidence was gone. She had no doubt that the Colono) had used some kiud of ! influence-tnouoy probably-to get the woman away ; but as she was gone there was nothing 1 to prevent him declaring that the whole story > was a myth-like her vision of the night before. , Her nerves bsd been so shaken, moreover, i that the feeling of helplessness was producing ) a quite exaggerated sense of his power. Wherever she turned lu was able to check ! mate and menace her. i Her despondency grew upon her until she was again driven to question whether she i herself was or was not under some strange ) hallucination. Had she only dreamed this , interview with the woman ? Was her brain : giving way, and playing these tricks of vivid ' imagining? i Thia thought frightened her seriously, and '? when she went back-to the house it was with a half-fear that she waa getting ill mentally i and becoming a prey to hallucinations, i But when she reached the house another > startling incident awaited her. Lallu met her, large-eyed with suppressed excitement. " Come with me," she cried, quickly; and ' led the way to Mercy's room, i "Go into your room and leave me here. Lock and bolt the dour, and go and sit down i where you were last night and close your eyes > and ears." i She went in and did as she was asked, wondering. A minute later Lallu called to her to open them, and the Indian girl wnt> standing by the bedside, and the door of the room was looked and bolted as before. "Now «it down and close your eyes and ears again ;" she did so, and then Lallu called to ber from outside the locked and bolted door. What could it all mean ? "Come to the door and keep your eye on ' the lock und bolt," called Lallu, the next moment ; and then to Mercy's dismay she saw the fastening glide away perfectly noiselessly, i and let Lallu enter. " How on earth did you find that out ?" she exclaimed. " I did not. Ab'Dur showed me. It is no ghost, that haunts this house, Meroy. lt ia Colonel Roca." Mercy saw it all plainly enough now, but did not tell even Lallu of the real objoct of the i visit to her room. " What shall we do?" she asked, nervously. " I have done-something already," was the reply. "I have sent Ab Dur to fetch Mervyn Rhodes." i [Tobe continued.) 