GENERAL NEWS. A lengthy and highly interesting de- scription of Dairy farming in Sweden, with an account of the Agricultural and Dairy College at Alnarp, is the principal feature of to-day's supplement, which also contains the opening chapter of an Aus- tralian novel, by Grosvenor Butister, and the usual readable selection of miscel- laneous matter. The following appears on the fourth page:-Scene in the Divorce Court; Cricket (Cohden v. Lismore); A Rich Find of Gold; Will of the late Isaac Brain. The marriage of Mr. C. McArthur, of Lawrenny, and Miss McLean is to be celebrated in St. Paul's Church of Eng- land, Camperdown, on Wednesday next. The Rev. F. R. M. Wilson, who was the first established Presbyterian minister at Camperdown, is about to retire from the ministry, owing to his failing health. He has, since he left Camperdown about 20 years ago, been in charge of the Presby. terian Church at Kew. AT the annual meeting of the Tower Hill Butter Factory last week, Mr. J. W. Anderson drew a comparison between the selling prices of the butter from the Camperdown and Tower Hill Butter factories, to the disadvantage of the former. In a letter to the Warrnambool Standard Mr. J. S. Weatherhead man- ager of the Canmperdown factory carries the comparison a little further and shows that during the six months under review the Tower Hill Company paid 3.16d for their milk, and made a loss of £54. During the same period the Camperdown Company paid 3.46 per gallon for milk, and showed a profit of over £1500. Members of the Australian Workers Union in New South Wdes have received a manifesto dictating their policy in regard to shearing for 1898. The principal features are as follows :-To maintain £1 per 100 in New South Wales for shearers, and Union rates for shed hands. The form of agree- ment to be left open to members to secure the best possible terms. Engagement may be made direct with employees , or through the P.U. officers. Members are instructed to accept references when offered. Mem- bers are urged to discountenance the con- tract system of shearing. Members are not permitted to buy the shearing machines they use, nor to pay rent for them, or for their shearing stands. All available funds to be devoted to political, municipal and industrial organising. The supply of pigs at the Warrnambool market on Tuesday was 330, of which 250 were fat. The following are the quota- tions :-Prime baconers, £3 16s to £3 3s 6d ; good , £2 3s to £2 13s ; middling, £2 2s to £3 6s ; porkers, £1 16s to £2 ; coarse heavy pigs, to £2 16s ; well- grown stores, £1 13s 6d to £1 18s ; small stores to £1 2s 6d ; large slip to 17s 6d ; small slips, 9s 6d to 13S 9d ; suckers, 6s to 7s 6d. Referring to the death of the late Mr. J. L. Currie, one of the leading members of the Lismore Presbyterian Church, in the course of an address delivered on Sunday, spoke as follows :-*I think I would hardly be doing my duty if I did not refer to the gross loss this district has sustained in the death of our friend and I might say, founder of this church, Mr. J. L Currie, a loss not only to this district but the whole Presbyterian Church. He was the leader in all that was for the good of the district, always heading the subscription list for any de- deserving or object. He was a kind- hearted and steady friend, and no warmer supporter of this church ever lived. Often at great personal ... he has ...to... expressly to attend worship and to use his influence in the ... of the Gospel. He was always our minister’s right-hand man, and we must feel this in Judging our old friend we have lost one who could ill be spared and ... replaced. Faith- ful and upright to all this ... was a man ... who feared God and ... a pattern to us all. You all knew him and his good ways and work, and it is to be hoped that many of us will ... by his prompt and example, and that we will at the close of our lives ... our Lord’s embrace to us, as most assuredly he has now done ‘Well done, good and faithful servant ; enter ye into the joy of your Lord.’ The dog registration officer will be in attendance at the Shire Hall on Saturday ..., from 10a.m. to 3 p.m., for the pur- pose of dog registration. l1 e bl reteei e;d se?satembers t the t osfg , Abe (shlis toueg (Mi`:. Italso Tb rt sese . etr twoC irnspa gMei; bkee w idee b ealmesof the 'slg es~s e, aasgiwe., There are no less than three cases of careless use of fire to be dealt with by Mr. Patterson. P.M.. at the Cobden Court of Petty Sessions next week. A large number of witnesses will be exaimined, and the cases will probably last some time. The remains of the late Miss Kelly, the victim of the burning fatality at Cobden, were interred in the Camperdown ceme- tery on Tuesday. The service at the grave was conducted by the Rev. Father Shine. The Government Board which is in- quiring into the applications of burnt-out settlers for loans for grass seed, fencing wire, and building material sat in Colac on Monday, the sitting being held pri- vately. There were 26 applications, and of these 17 were granted, 7 refused, and 2 postponed. The total amount of money recommended to be loaned was £301, which averages about £29 9s 5d each. Is the death of Mr. John Griffiths, which was announced in a recent issue, the colony loses another of its pioneers. The deceased gentleman arrived in Vic- toria 50 years ago to seek his fortune on the goldfields. He first conmmenced businesas on the Upper Plenty, but after- wards went to Mellbourne and joined the old and well-known firm of David Masterton and Co. He was the oldest commercial traveller in the colony, having been the first to set out from Melbourne. Some years later he severed his connection with David Masterton and Co., and established a busi- ness as a merchant on his own account, and later amalgamated with Messrs. Innes-Noad & Price, the new firm being known as Innes-Noad, Price & Griffiths. He practically died in harness after an active life spent in commercial pursuits. The deceased gentleman was twice married, and leaves a widow and six children, three sons and three daughters. Mrs C. B. Were of Camperdown is one of the latter. THE Camperdown horses will be poorly represented at the Garvoc races to-day. Those under the charge of Mr. Harrison- The Scout, Doondiab, and Pilgrimn-which were entered, are not regarded as being in need of racing, and consequently will not start. Mr. Neylon's Senator and Sealing Wax will also be scratched. The half-yearly meeting of the share- holders of the Cobden Pioneer Butter Factory Company, which was held yester- day, did not occupy much time, the busi - ness done being strictly confined to that re- quired by the Act. Mr. J. Thornton (Chairman of Directors) presided, and the attendance was small. The Chairman read the report and balance-sheet, a digest of which has already been published in Chronicle, and in a few words stated that everything was going on well with the company. He inquired if any informa- was desired in regard to the factory, and after a long pause Mr. R. Howlett stated that he had heard that the supply neces- sary to keep the creameries open was to be raised to 1600gallons, and he wanted to know if this were correct. In reply to the Chairman he stated that the secretary had made the statement, but the secretary said that what he told Mr. Howlett was that a supply of 1600 gallons was necessary to make the to creameries pay. The matter thereupon dropped, and no further questions were asked. The report and balance sheet were then received and adopted and before the meeting closed a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the directors for their labours in the interest of the company. Just as the afternoon train from Melbourne left the Camperdown Station yesterday, a pony was observed to be on the line, and trotted quietly in front of the train until the crossing near the pound yard was reached. Here it became necessary for the engine-driver to stop the train until the pony was got out of the way. Tax many friends of Mr. F. Lovett, who was seriously injured by a bull some time ago, will be pleased to learn that he is rapidly recovering, and was able yester- day to take a walk down the town, where he was congratulated on all sides on his narrow escape. He is still sore and weak, but he expects to be quite well again in a few weeks. Several cattle recently died on the Murray, near Yarrawonga, and it was believed that death was due to anthrax. The Minister of Agriculture has received a report from the stock inspector who was sent to the district to enquire into the matter, showing that the cattle did not die from that disease. He says he found a poisonous weed growing in the paddock, and is inclined to believe that the cattle ate it with fatal results. No further mortality has occurred amongst the beasts in the neighbourhood, and a test made with Pasteur's anthrax vaccine indicated that the animals were free from that disease. A rifle match between the Camper- down, Lismore, and Colas Clubs, will take place this afternoon at the Rife butts. The Camperdown representatives will be C. Fox, A. Webb, J. Martin, E. R. Hines, A. Dennis, G. Pike, and A. Satchwell, with W. Podger as emergency. A railway ganger named Hogan is re- ported to have had a "close call" on Friday evening as the firemen's special was approaching the Camperdown railway station. Hogan was riding along the top of an embankment, when he sighted the train, and he lost no time in stopping his machine and alighting. The task of getting the tricycle off the line was a very difficult one as the pathway running along the line was only 2ft wide. He got the tricycle off just in time to prevent it from being struck by the engine, but a second later the coner of the carriage next to the engine collided with the tricycle, and Hogan and his ma- chine were tumbled down the embank- meet. Driver Turner pulled up the locomotive thinking the ganger was hurt. but Hogan had by this time regained his feet, and as he waved his hand, indicating that he was unhurt, the train proceeded on its journey. An elderly man named Richard Lanyon died suddenly at Cobden’s Hotel, Ballarat, on Monday night. He arrived from Geelog on Friday, and is said to have been latterly employed in the Camperdown district. HE was 70 years of age, and died from fatty degeneration of the heart. There is a feeling of indignation ram- pant among a section of the village settlers at Koo-wee-rup over a statement made at a recent Cranbourne Court by a police constable to the effect that "the Koo-wee- rup village settlement is a ... for scandal from top to bottom" Not- withstanding the fact that the village settlers usually contribute the biggest percentage of cases heard at the Cran- bourne and Drouin courts-the charges ranging front cattle-maiming to assault and robbery by a woman-the settlers, who seem to be abot as happy together as the proverbial Kilkenny cats, feel aggrieved at the aspersions cast upon their characters in the direction mentioned by the constable. Accordingly, on Saturday last an indignation meeting was held, at which the offending policeman came in for a vigorous 'tongue-thrashing’, and a resolution was passed appointing four members of the meeting to wait upon the officer and request that he retract his remarks. ln the event of a refusal, the meeting means to approach Mr. Chomley on the matter. If the chief com- missioner should call for a report from the constable, containing the grounds upon which he based his opinion of the settlers, there would be forthcoming the wonderful history of the settlement as revealed in the local court records. The special train in connection with the Garvoe races today will leave Cam- perdown at 11 a.m., arriving at Garvoc at 12 o'clock. It will leave Garvoe on the return journey at 6.20 p.m., and arrive at Camperdown an hour later. A young man from the country named Jeremiah Quinlan is reported to have had an experience in the city on Tuesday evening. He was walking down Bourke street shortly after midnight when he met a man named William Morton, who asked him for a match. Quinlan obliged him with a light, and Morton then asked him to have a drink. He agreed, and they went into a hotel where another man joined them. The third man said he was unable to get change of a pound. Morton then said to Quinlan, "Lend me half-a crown." He did so, and Morton paid for the drinks. They had drinks in other hotels, and Morton induced him to give him a sovereign. They had some words about the change, and a constable arriving on the spot, Quinlan gave Morton into cus- tody. Morton was charged at the City Court yesterday with stealing 19s 3d, the moneys of Jeremiah Quinlan, when the above facts were deposed to. The constable who arrested the accused stated that the latter had given 17s 6d back to Quinlan, and had promised him 2s 6d more. The Chairman said the Bench had some doubts as to whether the money had been stolen or not. There was a slight doubt, but they would give accused the benefit of it, and he would be dis- charged. It would he a lesson to the prosecutor in future. Fortunately, he had got his money back. At a smoke night held by the Loyal Willey Lodge, IOOF., Port Melbourne Deputy Grand Master Bro. Morrison, of Camperdown, occupied the seat on the left of the chairman, and responded to the toast of the " Independent Order of Oddfollows." PEOPLE who are fighting the cause of federation realise that it has been a marked one for opposition in influential quarters, and in order to combat this hostile move- ment with some chance of success, it is intended to form a federation party as has been done elsewhere. The idea is to still further educate the public mind on the subject of the advantages of union, and it is proposed, it is understood, to supple- ment the talking power at command of the party by drawing on the resources of the other colonies, and it is thought that this will also help to promote a federal people. During the 24 hours ending 9 o'clock yesterday morning, only 1 point of rain was recorded at the shire hall, Camper- down. At Terang 3 points were regis- tered. Writing on the 11th February concern- ing the embargo laid by the War Office against the use for army purposes of “leather tatoned from mimosa bark," the " Age" London correspondent says :-" I had a long interview on 8th inst. with Mr. Samuel Barrow, a leather merchant of Bermondsey, about the quality of Australian leather, and the alleged refusal of the war office to accept Australian tanned leather in their contracts. He told me that in his opinion the best leather was retained in the colonies for home consumption. None of that sent to England was suitable for accoutre- ments. and he had never heard of it being used for such purposes. Leather tanned with mimosa bark, of which a very small quantity is shipped to England suitable for dressing, is too soft and spongy to be used for army purposes. It is leather which stretches very much, and is not tanned in such a way as to resist wet and moisture, and is therefore unreliable for the purposes of harness. The greater proportion of the colonial leather sent to England for boot-making is used up for second class domestic work. It is not suitable for the army, the police, or other work where strength and durability are required, inasmuch as it is too expensive for inside work, and not good enough for making soles on account of tannage and thinnage of salt. Mr. Barrow said he could not understand why the War Office should have inserted this clause in their tenders, as he had never heard of any Australian leather being used by that department. It was intimated to the Heytesbury Shire Council some time ago that Dr. Gray. of the Central Board of Health, would visit Cobden and make an inspec- tion of the sanitary condition of the township. Dr. Gray will make his pro- posed inspection some time next week. Dr. Hill, dentist. may be consulted at the Camden Villa to-morrow and on Satur- day. The stock to be offered at Mr. John Thornton 's sale on Saturday comprises 40 head mixed cattle, 150 fat crossbred ewes, 50 fat merino ewes, and 30 pigs. The annual meeting of the Camper- down Band of Hope Society will be held tomorrow evening in the Temperance Hall, when several important matters will be dealt with. The attendance of mem- bers and others interested in temperance work is urgently invited. There were 66 points of rain at Mortlake on Sunday and Monday. Onion seed will be very scarce this year owing to the smallness of the yields. Some of the white gum trees in the stony country near Glenormiston are blossoming. The wheat traffic on the Victorian Rail ways has been much heavier this season than last. Two motor cars have made their appear - ance in the streets of Wellington, New Zealand. Mrs. Catherine McMahon died at Rose- water, S.A., last week, at the advanced age of 103 years Large numbers of sheep are dying on the Murrumbidgee from the prolonged consump-. tion of dry feed. The Rev. S. Fraser, Presbyterian minister at Terang, returned beamse a Monday from a tour in New Zealand. Mr. George Martin, a storekeeper at Barramunga, died in the Colac Hospital on Saturday from cancer. A fire broke out at McLennon’s farm at Ballangeich on Friday, but was extinguished after burning 50 acres. The Emu Creek is gradually rising as a result of the rains that have been ex- tinguished further North. A Malvern dairyman has been fined £5 with £2 12s costs for selling milk containing 35 per cent of added water. The potators are practically done at Cororooke and Corunnun. The season has been one of the worst on record. Miss Downey, postmistress at Clarendon, near Buninyong, committed suicide on Sun- Day by shooting herself with a gun. Michael O’Leary was sentenced to 14 days’ imprisonment by the City heads on Thurs- day for stealing an apron valued at 1s. Stewart Fairbairn, a Fitzroy publican, has been arrested for receiving 30 tickets in the Druid’s Gala which are alleged to have been stolen. While carting metal at Glenormiston Mr. P. Bowen, contractor, fell in front of the wheel, which passed over his leg, fracturing It in two places. The supply of milk at the creameries con- Nected with the Framlingham Butter Fac- tory, has been seriously affected by the recent bush fires. A ghost is reported to have been seen in Terang the other night by a lady and three children. The lady states that it was fully nine feet high. The United States Government is pushing Forward with its preparations for war, in view of possible ... in Cuba and a conflict with Spain. A young man named Albert Fl..., while fighting with another man at Beau- fort about midnight on Saturday, fell and broke his right leg in two places. A married man named Charles H. Mason has been arrested at White Hills, near Bendigo, on a charge of illegal ...with his daughter, ... A two-year-old child in Sydney got hold of a bottle of carbolic acid and before he could be prevented swallowed the contents. He died from the effects of the poison. Owing to the condition of the wicket on Tuesday in the match between Stoddart's Eleven and Victoria, the ball was bumping nastily, and several of the players were hurt. While a party of visitors were going down the New Chum Railway Mine at Bendigo, the cage got caught in the shaft and it was three hours before the occupants could be released. A young woman named Elizabeth Ann Forsythe has been arrested at Warrnambool for concealment of birth, in connection with the discovery of the body of a child at Footscray. A son of Mr. Coombs, of Noorat, was last week rushed by a cow which he and Ihis father had just dragged out of the river. His shoulder was badly bruised and his ankle broken. The New South Wales Government intends to forward a copy of the draft federal constitution, as well as a plain sum- mary of the measure, to each of the 300,000 electors in that colony. The Marquis of Salisbury, who has had a severe attack of influenza, recovers very slowly, and his medical adviser says that a holiday and complete rest are necessary to recruit his health. A testimonial is being raised for Mr. J. Stewart, manager of the Colonial Bank at Terang, who is leaving the dlistrict. At a meeting in connection with the matter £20 was subscribed in the room. It is reported in London that Mr. G. H. Drury, State manager of the Queensland National Bank, who was stated to have died some months ago, has been seen alive on the continent of Europe. A lad named Bertie Douglas, accidentally shot himself at Malvern on Tuesday, with a saloon ridle a few minutes before has sister's wedding party was to leave the house. The wedding was postponed. Owing to the dry season and consequent small size of fruit, a reduction in the minimum size of apples for export has been made. Formerly the standard was 2½ inches diameter, now it is 2¼ inches. Mr. William Arthur, Clerk of Works to the Ararat Shire Council, ate a quantity of grapes on Saturday night and became so ill that an operation was necessary. He died while it was being performed. Owing to the extremely dry season, the Colac lake is exceptionally low, and has never been known to have dried up so much as it has done this year. The average depth now is estimated to be only 3ft. 8in. It is expected that the referendum on the Federal Constitution will be taken in New South Wales towards the end of June. An effort is being made to have the vote taken on the same day throughout Australia. Three likely candidates-Messrs. Doyle and Wykes, of Mortlake, and Mr. W. H. Clarke, of Garvoe-are mentioned for the vacancy in the Mortlake Shire Council caused by the resignation of Cr. S. G. Black. Woolf Joel, who is a brother-in-law of the late Barney Barnato, has been shot dead by a man named Ludwig Wertheim at Jo- hannesburg. Wertheim demanded £2500 and on being refused he shot Joel. He then tried to shoot himself, but failed, when he was arrested. The latest information in conneetion with the mysterious death of George McDonald, who was found murdered in his hut at Ararat on the 10th of February last, is to the effect that a man was seen leaving the hut on the evening of the murder. The police, however, are very reticent on the subject, and nothing positive can be ascer- tained. An election scandal is causing not a little excitement in Paris at present. M. Breton, a member of the Radical party, who repre- Sents Brest in the Chamber of Deputies, alleges that an agent of M. Meline, the Premier, with the approval of President Faure, offered £4000 if Count Greffulkes’ election for Brest was unopposed at the coming elections. At a banquet given in his honor by the leading citizens of Warrnanmbool, Mr. C. G. B. Hall was presented with a purse of sovereigns prior to his departure for Eng- land as the representative of Messrs. Cramond and Dickson, and laudatory refer- ences were made in regard to the notable part he had taken in all movements for the advancement and welfare of the town. The proposed cricket match between the Forget-me-Nots and a Parliamentary team, which was postponed last year, is to take place shortly. Mr. Murray, M.L.A., has written to the ladies asking them if they can play the Parliamentarians on the 1st April, and a reply in the affirmative is to be sent, though it is to be suggested that the match should be played on the 31st March, the weekly half-holiday in Warrnambool. 