GENERAL NEWS. To-day's issue comprises nix pages. The supplementary ehoet contniiiH a well selected budgefof tales a.id miscellaneous matter."- ' , '" A J7ABBOW escape from a serious acci dent was experienced by Dr. Wynne, of CoUc, on Sunday. He whs driving down Murray street nt the rate of about fourteen miles an hour when the axle of the.buggy .broke. The doctor, however, succeeded in retaining liis seat and hold- I ing on to the reins. The concert in aid of the Scott'u Creek Hall building fund, has been postponed fur a, month on account of the death of Mr.-R. Howlutt. , ; A visit to Australia from Madame Melba has been looked forward to in Victoria for some time. In her recently published memoirs she says upon this point:—" Aa to tbe future, I think my warmest wishes centre themselves round a visit to in; iuuny,.southern home. I have a dis like to sea travelling, or probably I should have taken, that long trip already. That visit will be more a mutter of sentiment than business, and I look forward to it with the very keenest pleasure. I intend to take out with me a complete but small opera company of the very best artistes. I?ht?ll.taka my own orchestra, chorus, md scenery, and I'll sing with all my heart fur dear.old .Australia," I The owners of the Tut rone estate near Port Fairy, are determined to clear it of rabbits. The. whole station bus been fenced with wire netting, and 70 mun and four teams of, bullocks are engaged in filling up burrows and destroying the cover, which has harboured the pest. The wages of the men engaged in the work amount tuover £100 a week. Fob a few nights last woek residents near the Bendigu hospital, [mrticularly women and children, have boon scared by the ihusquetading of some idiot as a "gho?t," aud several parties of young ineu have been on the " ghu?t's" trail. Utt Sunday evening, some of tho.'e mi the watch heard piercing screams, mid immedi ately a young lady ran among them mid fainted. Hurriedly proceeding in the direction whence the serening had conic, they saw a form got up in *'ghostly" garments flying down the Btreet. One of the party, who was armed with ? gi>:., tired both barrels at the " ghost," who loft the street and jumped over a fence. In doing ■o he left behind him Ins white cuveriAg, which proved to be a lung piece of white muslin, similar to that used in hospitals. The muslin showed uigns of bavin;; been perforated with, shut, but a careful search revealed no signs of blood. The individual, however, managed to escape. A yuung man named Eugene Edward Jahiutuue was captured masquerading in woman's clothes r,on" Tuesday evening and given in charge. Thk details of the insolvency of William Alfred ■ Coolfj of Elingamite, railway employe, t which wns 'filed at Coluc on Saturday are'- as follow:—The debts amount to £46 Ss 2id, assets £2, and the deficiency £44 Ss 2Jd. Causes of insol vency—Payment of 7a 6d in the £ under pressure of insolvency, and reduction of wages by Railway Department. Mbs. E. W. Kicholls, the Australasian President of the W.0.T.U., will address meetings in the Temperance Hall on Mun dayandTuesday next at 8 p.m..and at 3 p.m on Tuesday, willhold a meeting for Indies. Mrs. Nicholls' subject on Monday evening will bo "Total Abstinence," and on Tues day evening she will spoak on " Woman's Franchise. She comes with the reputa tion of being an exceedingly ablu speaker, and her addresses in Oamperdown should be very largely attended. i Whilst.crossing Panmure-bridge on Monday,' twor'asidonts, Mr. J. Vick and Miss Moore,' were thrown out of v bug^f, but were unhurt. A-fresh turnout was secured; -bat '• the 1 second horse became restive and bolted; the vehicle being ercr turned and" the occupants again thrown out. - Miss Moore escaped unhurt for the second time, but Mr. Vick was severely bruised and sustained concussion of the brain. ■ • ■ >■ • • Ox Saturday, afternoon - last Mr. Marshall-Hall, Ormond profeesor uf music, met with a painful bicycle Acci dent while riding near Surra Glen. The professor was in company with Mr. J. E.. Mackey, the well-known barrister, and Mr. Ernest Moffitt, secretary to the University. Oouservatorium of Music. When the party arrived on the tup of a hill, Mr. Marshall-Hall set off down it in advance of hia companions. After traversing about 60 yards the machine got away with him. At the bottom of the hill -the front wheel struck a stone, with the result that the rider was thrown haavily on to the aide of the road among a lot of sharp-pointed stones. He had one of his wrists sprained, one of his logs was badly cut and bruised, and he was severely shaken. Hia bioycle was smashed to pieces. After attending to their companion's injuries, Mr. Mackey and Mr. Moffitt'procured a conveyance and drove the sufferer to the Yarra Flats Hotel, where his injuries were dressed. After a day in bed Professor Marshall- Hall was, brought to town on Mondiiv, and is at present confined to his home at Brighton. Tee season in the South Purrumbete am) Carpendeit districts promises to be one of the best that has been experienced for some years. There has been ample rain to meet all requirements and the prospects ate exceedingly bright. A ocbiocb appeal case against the deci sion of a judge at the Circuit Court, Palmeraton, Northern Territory, came before the Banco Court, Adelaide, on Tuesday. The appellant was a Chinese named Choog You, who was convicted of • felonious assault upon &n; aboriginal girl named Josephine, who was stated to bo •bore the age of 13 and under the age of 16\. She was described as an uncivilised native of the Northern Territory, but it did not transpire how she obtainsd the historic name of Josaphine. A good deal of argument turned upon her age, and the medical evident* tv vague aa to whether blacks maturud earlier in the tropical climate and cut their teeth earlier than whites, whoee molars came through their gums at between twelve aiidfourteuniyoara. The dusky Joeephine had only one molar, just showing amongst her gleaming teeth, asd this tm not enough to fix the damsel's •n. The suggestion of. the Chief Justice tost he hod cuts molar when ho was nearly 40 years of age, and the evidence volun teered by the Crown Solicitor thata person once oil s fresh set of teeth *t the age of 100, threw no further light on the matter, sad tat decision, of the Palmers ton Court wm reversed, pa the ground that there had aot been sufficient to go to the J?nr. Tee fancy-dress carmvalby tho members of the. C?mperdown-Skirting:Club.takes place in the Mechahioe' Hall this evening, and afrer the" succeti that attended the previous one there '" should be a record attendance; i Complete arrangements have been made for the accommodation of the spectators in the hall and on tho stage, the experience gained at the last carnival in. this respect having been taken advantage of. with the object of securing tho utmost comfort to all who attend. Musical runs, . hockey on skates, racing, ' and a programme of other interesting items will be presented, and it can be re lied upon that the entertainment' pro vided will be well worth the small charge made*f6T "admission. The Camperdown Brass Band, will play during tho evening. Prizes are' being given for the best dressed lady and for the most original and best sustained.. character ainougst the gentlemen,, and as before, a ballot; will be taken'of the' audijenc?'.t^decide who shall get the prizes. ' The-ltollbwing are" the handicaps for the Quarter-mile Race ;— W. Dodda, serateh.j.E: Engleby, & sees." behind;. R. Morris. R. OH eill, fi^csf behind; N^ Hudson, 8 sees. jjehihdjfcjj? Clark-,-9 sees., behind*;, H. iO'Neill, Aft.' O'Neill, 11 sees..behindr Ji M'Sficol, T. Patterson, 12 sees, behind;"-: s , Ik the course of an interview at -Warr nambool on Monday, Mr. Alex. Taylor, of the London firm of R, T. Tumbull & • Co., w-ho Jast .week visited £ the (pamper down and. other^butter factoriea-in the district, made some interesting remarks on the butter export trade. He expressed himself as highly pleased-at the absolute' cleanliness that prevailed in the factories. Regarding the prospects of the trade he said—" I am satisfied that' if othe factory managers continue to'- exercise tHe same great care in making the butter and suc ceed in eradicating the fishy flavour which is frequently; found in'the butter from some factories,-thatitwill'establish "your trade1 at- home on sn even"'firmer- basis'; There is'certaiiily ■room for the expansion of the. trade." 'Australian1 butter reaches homo at*1 time'when fir'ordinary winter season! there is no grass-fedTjuttaron the European'markets, and'there, ja-conse- quently alarge'ninrket for'ths Australian produce." Referriug!!tdtbe!;reputation of the Western district, factories'. biiHeV in England Mr: Taylor stated-i-" Western district' brands ate:the favourites, and my experience shows me that they are more suught after than ;a'ny other. ■■ I believe1 the western district factories can be credited with having- given'Victoria the highest name of ?11 the colonies for the production of good butter. 'Mbst_pf the. ultimate consumers certainly refer to all butterfromtlteantipodes as ' Australia^,' but then the large buyer^ who: distribute it throughout the 'country, know and appreciate the difference/" TMy give th,e preference to Victorianj arid to western district brands in particular." •' '"-''• P The G. Company-of Mounted JRiflos succeeded in winning the battalion, match at the Williamsloirn butts yesterday, and also Major Mann's Shield. " i .■..,.,, The romains of the late Mr. E. Howlett, of Scott's Creek,-were, interred tin-the Cauiperdown cemetery, yesterday,-,;,the service at the grave being conducted, by. the Rev. J. H. Macfarlane...-. j: „',li,' ■'■'■ {■ The practice of sending .beaatings to butter factories meets with condemnation on all sides. Mr. Taylor, the English visitor, who has been.'; inspecting, the district butter factories, had something to say on the point when 'interviewed in Warrnambool. ' " During a .visit which I paid to a factory in^Vjctoria," |he stated, "I tasted the butter in two churns—one being from milk" supplied to .a? creamery and the other from that delivered at the factory. The butter in one churn seemed off in flavour and.colour. After the, two lots had been pub through the worker f again inspected them. One was a dull reddish colonr and of greasy texture; the' other was a bright primrose colour of the correct shade and of fine .flavour. .•- Then I inspected a separator through which the milk received that day had passed..Thero were numerous clots of blood in it,, showing that beastings bad been in the milk delivered by 'some suppliers.' I have read the remark made by Mr.! Potta on this subject atGeelongi'-^and agrees with him as to the necessity of stringent measures to punish those who deliver milk containing/beaitings. ''-'I. thiuk.your Government- might well take faction, in this direction." "' -. H--.-■: i|"'- •J" ' The annual meeting of the Pastoral ists' Association of Victoria, and Southern Riverina was held at the Olderfleet, Mel bourne, on Tuesday. ; The chairman X Mr. A. Fiaken) in the course of .-his address, alluded to the , satisfactory relations be tween pastoral; employers and workmen,^ due largely to the system of office engage ments. - The opposition to the agreements had disappeared,.and the certificates were eagerly sought after by the better class of workmen. A. uniform shearing rate worked well in large diatricta; but in some isolated places the price was not large enough for a fair wage. The federal council.therefore had agreed to empower each association to pay a higher rate in such special cases. This had been done without solicitation from the shearers. • At the same1 time isolated strikes Bhowed the need of unity and vigilance. ' The Association was still prepared to cope promptly'and effectively with any emergency. ■ He regretted that pastoralista remained outside the associa tion, by whose agency the presenit'peaceful conditions had been secured and were being prolonged. ' It was much more desirable and less costly to ward off attack than to face the expense and turmoil of suppressing it when it arose. In conclusion he con gratulated members on the improved con dition of the country in many parts of Vic toria and Riverina, and expressed a hope for. more favorable eeasons than' those experienced of late. The following were elected members- of the council for the ensuing year :—Messrs. Jamee Aitken, A. 6\. Anderson j. William Armstrong, Albert Austin, D. M.: Barry, A. J. Black, W. B. Bridges, W. H. Bullivant, J. A. Camp bell, R. G. Casey, A: 8. Chirnside, George Uhirnside, John Cooked S. WinteYCooke, H. F. De Little, W. Devlin, G. R. Drys dale, David Elder, George Fairbairn, J. J* Falconer, A. . Fiaken, Molesworth Greene,. Alfred.Hay, E. H. Lascelles, -ilex. Lawrence, A.' Leitcb, Joseph Mack, G. W. Moore, J. N, M'Arthur, Alex. M'Bean, juti.', W. A. Macphersoh, J. M. Niall, William Oliver, Frederick Peppin, Joseph Raleigh, R. B. Ritchie, J. Sander son, jun., Thomas Shaw, Colin Simeon, Thomas Skene, Gr. A. Thomson, John Turnbull, 8.. H. Woodwards ." , . The following from this district were amongst the judges at,the Royal Society's show in Melboufoe^:—Thoroughbreds, trotters, road?ters, Cleveknds and breed ing ponies, Mr. J. Moodie; Polled Angus and red polled cattle, Mr. S> Reid; merino sheep, Mr. J. L. Currie. - ' The only exhibitors of Polled. Angus cattle at the Royal Society's show this year were the Eiore. of the late D. Mac kinnon, Marida Yallo^k, who were awarded the prises for those classes in which they entered. Mr. E. H. Austfn, M.L.A., took several prizes for merino sheep, and Mr. S. Reid also gained two seconds and a third. Mr. Q. Nixon, of Garvoc, and the Exors. of the Ute R. Howell, Ohoeolvn,'were the principal prize-takers in uncolns. In the poultry seotion Mesm. Fryen and Podger, 'of Camperdown,' gained first • and second prizes for both old add young Andalnsian roosters, and; aecond'prae for the ben. : - ' A kice steady rtiir began to fall shortly after mid-day yeaterday and by 9 o'clock last ovening 18 points had been recorded ?ttheBMwHaU. will hold: a clearing sale of dairy herds, horses, ui]k waggons," buggies, &c.;, at Caramut oh 9th init. Particulars are advertised. ■ Messrs. Dennys, Lascelles; Austin & Co., woolhrokers, Geelong, announce that their wool sales will be held every Friday throughout the season. Consignments receive the personal attention of members of the 6rm. Trucks are unloaded direct into the warehouse by means of a private siding. : j: ■ Mr. W. R. Lawson, horseshoer, who has.been 18 years jn ; Camperdown, in another column thanks the residents for the support'accorded him 'during the six years he has. been in business on his own account, Ind.intimates that lie has^e-. moved to Kirk's; shop "oppositacStnns more's stables. A Rifle Club is being mooted in Noorat. The rainfall at Mortlake during August totalled 150 points. Cr Ryan of Heytesbury Shire, is laid up with an attack of influenza. The sale of ;Mr, John Phelan's dairy herd takes place at Cobrico to-day. About' : 40. couple', attended the monthly Cinderella dance at Noorat on Friday. South Eoklin is 6aid to be very anuelf ahead .of last season. _%., .W., Milea.l guard' on the Mortlake CTuin,-hasT>een transferred lo Numurkah. :' t vThe Terang spring showiis to be held on 4th November,- and £20 is to be given in prizes. The Government subsidy to the Noorat Mechanics' Institute this year amounts to £25. Several district butter factories, including Camperdown and Glenormiston, begin ex porting next week. The skaters at the carnival in the Me chanics' Hall this evening will wear masks until a signal ia given to remove' them. A large number of the residents of-the district have gone to Melbourne to attend the Royal Agricultural Society'i Swrfcvie.} An effort is.being.made. to a Viadet corps in connection ;with the Mortlake State School:; ■■■•■'■ ■-■■ •>■ '*...' ; A number of very much needed improve ments have been made "at the Mortlak'e Railway Station. . . ; . ~-jj>.-?>??-~. Mr. Blain, the manager of the Mortlake butter factory, is reported to have,sent in ■hw-rtaigaation-."~r"^ TZ^zt^.^tz ; Mr. K. S. Murray has become:a life mem ber oftheColac-Bowling Club by contribut ing" £5 5s to th& funds. ?; >' '. Probate has been granted to 'tne>wiiCof the late Mr.T, Shenfield, of Cobden"y -Tie"' estate is valued at £2730. ', •-; ;Royal..-Agricultural Show day. Pnblio offices and banks closed and holiday arrange ments at the post and telegraph officeK W Mr. S. Picken, solicitor, who wasinjured in a hunting accident at Mortlake, will be able to-get about on crutches in a week or two- ' ■ . ;. c_ lr- ..(,? -Between 700 and '800 tons of vvlctorian" grown .vegetables have been ■ shipped to Manila to feed the American troopsstationed tjl I*.;' ' > •;/ ■■; qOf j -j : r , . \- Papers on Julius Ciesa'r and thechsraoter of.Brutus.were read at the last meeting of the Mortlake Presbyterian Young People's Guild.- .':: :■' ■■■"'. ' " r"'r' Mr. .W. Horhe, nnole of.Mr. John Home, of Camperdown, died at his residence, "Anriiedale,""near AUansford, ■on Friday night.' ;'. ■"' ■■" •■ ?- : Jhe annual meeting of the Hampden and Heytesbury Horticultural Society will be held this afternoon at the Secretary's Office, Mechanics'Charabere. ~ " While a young 'man' named' Hickey was giving his horse" a jump on the Morthike common, he was thrown and sustained a aeverfishaking.-. .•- ~ _' The date of the Oolao show has been altered to the 24th November. This is on account of the Warrnambool Society having ■jumped the date previou?ly fixed. ~ Cr.."Av". T. Baxter,. the newly- elected 'representative of the West Riding in the Shire of Heytesbury, 'has' donated 10s 6d to the T.erang Horticultural Society. It is stated' that Messrs. Black Bros, in tend shortly to dispose of the whole of their stud.and other stock' owing to their estate having been cut up into "dairy farms. ■A Chinese "bootmaker ii'negotiating for the lease-of-suitable premises in Terang. Two ■ Chinese gardeners also contemplate starting a fruit and vegetable .garden. ' An effort "-is being made to establish a Mechanics 17 Institute at Pirron Yallock. £20 was recently raised at a ball, and 'several offers of assistance have been received. . A battalion parade-- of cadets takes place at!Colac to-day. The Camperdown boya will assemble at the ctock- towerat twenty .minutes to nine and leave by the morning train.;,....,..-.,;-;...,.-'....,'--. - .., A jrablic meeting convened for Saturday night at Cobdcn to elect a trnstee of the cemetery: in the place of the late Mr. T. Shenfield, was postponed owing to the small attendance.-;t v ; :3 v::.; ■; • - -. A.valedictory gathering was tendered to Mr."and Mrs. Stewart King at Cowley's Creek on Saturday evening,' when Mr. and Jlrs.iKing were presented.with an album, and: Mr. King withi a pipe. '■ :• .] ' When Mr. J. Denham, of Cobden, was about to retire'on Sunday night, he heard a; noise 'in an'outhouse, and on going'oat found it on fire. He extinguished the lames before any, damage was done. ' A visiting cyclist met with an awkward accident in Mortlake on Friday evening. His mudguard, became detached, and got entangled in the wheels, withthe result taat he was thrown and badly in jored about the :head. •-■•--- - - ." j 