DEBATE ON THE ADDRESS- IN-REPLY CONTINUED. CONNOLLY'S TROUBLES. THE ADDRESS CARRIED. [By Telegraph.] IN THE ASSEMBLY;-— Perth, July 1. On the motion of Mr Kenny, the Minister of Mines laid on the table of the House Warden Bigot's report and all papers relating to the accident to a. minerat the Peak Hill Company's mine. . . ' In reply to Mr Kenny the Minister of Mines said that the Government Geologist's report on Peik Hill and the Horseshoe was in the printers' hands and would be available next week. ~ " The debate on (be Address-in-Reply was continued. Mr MOR AN advocated that private enterprise should undertake the Coolgardie water scheme and tbe railway from Esperance to Norseman. The tax iff should be rearranged. JThe Cue railway, he feared, woiiild prove a white 'elephant. He would vote against the ^Leonora and Norseman railways. Mr YOSPER criticised tbe bad work on the Fremantle harbor works and the poor supervision thereon. Mr CONNOLLY thought that many public works could be safely entrusted to private enterprise. He advocated the interests of Esperance and its need of a railway. The policy of the Government, he declared, had' placed him in a most difficult position, j To benefit one portion of his electorate he must abandon the other. If the Coolgardie-Norseman railway were j built by tbe Government it would take ! years to connect p-"-* of Esperance ; with tbe goldfields. This should be remembered by those acting for Fremantle interests. The Government were dealing a death blow to one part! of his constituency, but he would do the best for his Norseman supporters and support that line. Mr FRANK WILSON criticised the increasing cost of working expenses on existing railways. They should reduce the working expenses instead of j increasing the rates, which were ruinous to merchants who took contracts for a year ahead. The Engineer-in-Chief had stated four years ago that the removal of the workshops to Midland Junction would save £15,000 a year. Had this been done £60#00 would have , been saved already—enoagh to build the workshops. He was opposed to centralisation, which had proved a' curse to the Eartern colonies, and meant robbing one part of thecolonyto feed another. The Coolgardie water scheme should be done by private enterprise. The Addresfl-in-reply was put to the House at nine o'clock and adopted on the voices. THE June issue of the Review of Reviews fer .\usiralasii (a copy of which we have received from Mr JEtowo, our well known stationer) is a capital number. The temporary eclipse of Federation occupies, very naturally, a lion's shale of the space. The famous mistake in the counting which happened at Rodney on the fateful Jane 3 is graphically described : " For twenty golden minutes oa the night of June 3 it was believed in ev< ry Australian capital that Federation was won. The boards in front of the great newspaper offices reported that 80,2S4*otes bad been reeorded in New South Wales in favor of the Bill. Everyone knew that the fight turned on the New South Wales vote of 89,000; and apparently this was accomplished. Great was the enthusiasm everywhere; stentorian the triumph And apart from the shouting crowds thousands of intelligent men felt as if they had suddenly grown taller in political stature. The bad old days of a divided Australia, gridironed with hostile tariffs, had vanished- A nation was born! But it all turned out to be a dream. The clerks in Sydney had blundered in their addition; the 80,284 vanished from the newspaper boards, and, instead, the real number of votes counted up to that moment appeared—67,500. And with that dramatic substitution of (fifffeuhes, Australian Federation vanished like a ghost from the stage." 