3?HE STOETTELLEE. THE CRIMEAN SHIRT It is now rather more than twelve years since the disappsarance and the finding of Henry Powell, on Mooroolooloo station, New South Wales, and rather less since the subsequent case in which I myself was perhaps the principal witness. And I think that the time has arrived for confessing that the evidence which I gave on that occasion, though indeed ' nothing but the truth,' was nevertheless not ' the whole truth.' I did not and I do not believe there was a single being in that Colonial court who would have credited the whole truth had I told it there and then upon my oath. Nor was it essential to the case. Nor did I care to.return to the station, new chum as I still wap, with yet another handle for native-born buffoonery. But I am no longer the store-keeper of Mooroolooloo; and I believe the public mind to be broader than it waB in the matter of so-called ghosts. At all events I am going to tell you for tha first time what my own eyes saw on a day and night in January, in the year lS84i I had been some six weeks in the Riverina, and I was alone at our home station for the night. The owner waB paying us a visit. He and the manager were camping at an out-station nineteen miles away. The overseer waa absent on his holiday. I had the homestead entirely to myself, for there was neither woman nor child upon the place. Suddenly, be tween nine and ten o'clock, as I sat smok ing and thinking on the back verandah, a spur jingled, and I made out the crinkled moleskins and the felt wide-awake of one of the men. ' Powell the rabbitor is lost in the bush, mister,' said he. I sprang to my feet, for the news was like that of a man overboard at sea. ' How long has he been out ?' ' Since yesterday morning.' 'But I thought he camped with old Wylie at the five- mile whim ?' 'So he does.' 'Then why didn't Wylie come in sooner?' ' Ah ! there you hit it,' said my man. ' That's what we've all been asking him, but Wylie says his mate was given to stop ping odd nights at other chapB1 camps, and he never thonght anything of it till he didn't turn up in the evening. Even if he .couldn't have left the whim, Wylie couldn't with no' other water anywhere near, and the sheep drawing to the troughs from four paddicks. But he's come in now, and he's tip at the hut if you like to see him.' And at the men's hut I found the whim driver, the centre still of an attentive group, . __, but no longer, I thought, the target of questions and cross-questions, implying criticism and blame. On the contrary, there was now every token of sympathy with the anxiety and distress of mind from which Wylie was obvionsly suffering, and at the sight or which I also could spare him some of the pity which I felt for the miss ing rabbiter. The whim-driver was an elderly man, with brown wrinkles all over his face, and grey whiskers parting at a baggy throat ; but he was still powerfully built, and a typical bushman with his eagle eye and his strong bare arms. His eye, however, was hot with horror and remurse as it met mine, and the whole man twitched as he told me his tale. ' If only I had guessed anything was wrong, Mr. Forrester,' he cried, ' I would have left the sheep in a minute, though my billet depended on it. But he's so often stopped away one night that it never bothered mo till the day wore on and he didn't come back. God forgive me, I never even thought of telling the bosses when they passed this morning on their way to the out-station. Yet I might ha' known — I micjht ha' known ! He was a Bailor, poor Powell was, and sailors are always the worst buahmen. I've known him get bushed before, but only for an hour or two. And to think of him being out all this time — in this heat, with not a drop of water in the crab holes ! He may — he may be dead already — my poor mate, my poor mate !' With that he turned his back upon us, iu the most evident agitation, so thtit we Ihought it kindest not to refer to him in the brief council of war tvhich the men and I now held together. It was promptly de cided that all hands should form a search party to start at day- break, with the ex ception of Wylie nnd myself. Wylio must yetnrn in his tronj-hs,, JVIy knowledge of the country was as yet very limited, and theroforo I was the one who could best be spared to ride at once to the out-station and inform the ' bosses' of what had occurred. The night-horse was the only animal in the yard, hut I took it to save time, and shortly after 10 o'clock rode elf with Wylie, our way coinciding as far as the whim. There was no moon, and the night was anything but clear for thai land of bright stars and cloudless ski^s. A hot north wind of several days' duration had flown suddenly into the south, whence it was now blowing hard and chill, so that I but toned my- coat up as we cantered side by side, and took off rny eye-glasses lest the rushing wind should lift them from my nose. We spoke very little as we rode, though once more, when we drew rein and ambled for a little, my companion re proached himself for not having given an earlier alarm. It was impossible not to feel sorry for him, but (qmlly impossible to acquit him of blam-', .so I said.,,.very little in reply. When ho corns to the hut a dull red glow burnt steadily within, and Wylie sighed bitterly as he expiained that he had built up the fire before leaving, that his poor mate might find all comfortable if some happy chance should bring him buck. He added that he supposed I would push straight on without dismounting ; but I was cold and the glow looked grateful, and I had slipped from the saddle before the words were out of his mouth. Next mo ment I uttered a loud cry. The door of the hut was at one eud, to the left of the dying fira, and at the op posite end were two low rude bunks, one in each corner. On the foot of the right hand bunk, sat a figure I could have sworn to even without my glasses. It was the missing rabbiter, in a red-checked shirt which I had often seesi him we*ar, and his face was buried in his hands. \- ' Wylie,' cried I, wheeling round on the threshold, ' ' he has come back, and there he is — sitting on his bunk !' It was too dark for me to see Wylie's face, but he tumbled rather than dis mounted from his horse, and I felt him trembling as he brushed past me into the hut. I followed him, but during the single instant my back_had been turned the rabbiter had moved. He was not on the bunk. Wylie kicked the logs into a blaze and turned upon me fiercely. For the rabbiter was not in the hut at all.. 'What d'ye mean,' he roared, 'by playing tricks on a chap, who's lost his mate 1 Out of my hut, you young devil — out of my hut !' Never have I seen man more com pletely beside himself; he was shaking from head to foot in a perfect palsy, and his clenched fists were shaking in my face. I assured- him I had played no conscious trick — it was my defective eyesight that must have played on me. Now that I put on my glasses I could see that the hut was empty but for our two selvos ; that it must have been absolutely empty till we entered. And yet I could have sworn that I had seen the lost rabbitter nursing his face at the foot of the right-hand bunk. My companion cooled down, however, on becoming convinced of my good faith, and instead of turning me out, seemed to set his heart upon explaining my iancied vision before he would let me go. Pictures from the illustrated papers had been tacked up over the rabbiter's bunk. One was the old colored print of Red Riding Hood, with the four trees like an elephant's legs ; and Wylie would have it that the firelight glowing on the ohild's hood had made the splotch of red which my nerves had exag gerated into a Crimean shire. To me the explanation Beemed more ridiculous than the thing it sought to ex plain, but I had to admit that I could see but poorly without my glasses. So at that we left it, and I was glad enough to turn jny back on the Five-mile hut, and to push on to the out-station at a hand-gallop. Mr. Ai'mit, the owner, and Mr. Mackeson, his manager, were still sitting up, discussing ways and means of coping with longcon tinued drought ; and the ovvjer was good enough to praise my promptitude ia coming to them at once. It was now midnight, and after a little consideration it was decided that we should all lio down for a bit pre paratory to starting back a couple of hours before daybreak in order to take part in the search. For my part, I made myself very comfortable before the fire, with my saddle for ft pillow, and fell asloop in a moment. And in another, as it neomod to mo, there was Mackeson laying hold of my shoulder and shouting in my ear that we were an hour late in starting as it was. Our owner, however, had long been un accustomed to the hardships of the bush, and when the time came he could not; face the keen edge of the day without his panni kin of tea and his bite of ' browny.' So the sun was on us before we were half-way back — not the red ball of nineteen out of twenty Rieerina dawnings, but a coppery disc like a new penny. Clouds of sand were whirling in the wind, which had risen greatly in the night, and was rising still ; puffs of sand kept breaking from the plain to join the clouds; and we coughed, all three of us, as we cantered neck and neck. ' Do you think you could drive a whim, Forrester ?.' said Mr. Armit, drawing rein as we sighted the Five-mile, and suddenly turning to me. ' I believe I could, sir. I have seen one working, and it looks simple enough.' ' It's as easy as it looks if you keep your tank nice and full and feed your troughs regularly. Wylie will show you all's ne cessary in five minutes ; the fact is, I think of leaving you in charge of this whim here, since you can hardly know the paddocks well enough to be of much use in the search, whereas Wylie knows every inch of the run. What do you say, Mr. Mackeson 1 It is for you to decide.' ' I agree with you, sir. But where's the whim got to?' ' Bless my soul !' gasped the other. ' I was afraid we were in for a dust-storm, but I didn't think it would come so quick !' Indeed, we were in the thick of the storm already. It was but a moment since hut and whim had disappeared in a whirl of deep yellow sand, and now we could see nothing at all beyond our horses' ears. Luckily we were not many hundred yards from the hut. ' Give tbem their heads !' shrieked Mackoson, and, followiug his advice, we gained the hut before the sea of dust had choked us utterly. It literally tinkled on the corrugated roof, and we led in the horses after us, so terrible was Eh e storm. The whim driver lighted a slush lamp and put the billy on the fire to give u-j some tea. Everything in the hut wore a glisten ing yellow coat ; there were layers cf sand on our very eyelids, and what the owner squeezed from his beard alone made a little sandhill on the floor. ' Poor Powell !' he suddenly exclaimed. ' This is the hardest luck of all upon him. It will blot out his tracks. It will double the agonies of thirst he must have already endured. I am very much afraid that it will destroy our last chance of finding him alive.' And Mr. Armit looked reproaohfully at the whim-driver, who was making the tea ^with his back turned to us, crouching over the fire in an attitude so humble and so disconsolate that it would have been in human as well as useless to find open fault with him now. For a few seconds there was silence in the hut, silence broken only by the continual tinkle on the roof, which, however, was louder than it had been. Then of a sudden the man at whom we were all looking wheeled round, sprang up, and pointed dramatically to the rattling roof. ' You are wrong — wrong — wrong !' cried he, hoarsely. ' Listen to that ! That's not sand — that's rain ! All tho worst dust-storms end so ; it'll rain the best part of an inch before it stops ? instead of doing fi,r him this'll — save — his — life !' He looked from one to the other of us — half in triumph, half in terror, still, I thought — then down on his knees and back to the boiling billy and the sugar and tho tea. I saw him throw a handful of each among the bubbles — saw his fingers twitching as they spread — and I knew then that tho whim- driver's con fidence was only lip-deep. But a part of his prophecy came true enough. It rained until tho crab-holes were full of water— until there was drink enough abroad upon tho plains to give the whim a good week's holiday. Long be fore it stopped, however, I had the Five mile hut to myself, with that dismal rattle on the roof, and a dull fire of damp logB spittir/g distressfully beneath the great square chimney. Tha troughs were not needed, and that was well ; they were buried aud hiJden beneath a ridge of drifted sand, and I was to clear them with the long-handled shovel, instead of driving the whim. I can slill see those throe horsomon bob bing into infinity behind the lanc.-s of tho rain, and I see myself, a lonesome, spindle shanked figure, in leggings and breeches, ?iiiil tho grey felt wide-awako wliioh still hangs on my wall -} and I do not look very happy as I stand at the door of that hut, beneath the dripping corrugated eaves ; but 1 do look a little elated and proud. I am going to spend days and nights in a hut five miles from any mortal soul, and I am youDg enough to appreciate playing Robinson Crusoe in earnest. It will be a good experience to put in the next letter home. A good experience. The raiu ceased before noon, when I had some lunch (for there was plenty to eat in Wylie's ration-bags), and then turned 'out with a long-handled-shovel. My spirits rose in the open air. My own actions were less noisy and nerve-diefcurbing than I found them in the lonely hut and I could look around me as I worked, without con stantly foreseeing the fiut door darkened by some apparition that might be welcome enough, but which must certainly startle me when it came. The events which I have already cnrouicled lay heavy on my nerves. I was only 19 years of age, aud I was cursed with an imagination. Nothing, therefore, could have been better for me than the play I made during the next few hours with the long- handled Bhove!. Now and then I knocked off to rest my back and smoke a pipe; but, once started, 1 stuck to my work pratty closely un to five o'clock by the old Waltham watch in the leather pouch on my belt. And it punished every muscle in my body ; the shoulders felt it as I plunged the shovel into the wet sand, the arms and shoulders as I swung it out loaded, while the strain upon back and legs was continuous. My task was the harder owing to the shovel having been bent and blunted by some mis use ; yet, so far from loathing it, I was never prouder of anything than of the five and-twenty yards of submerged trough: which I uncovered and cleared that January - afternoon. To tire the body is the surest way of oteansing and purifying the mind, and I can honestly say that I returned to the but without any morbid fancy in my head, in deed with no anxiety ebout anything but the fire, which I had foolishly forgotten. Judge, then, of the sensations with which I stood still on the threshold. The but had no windows, but the afternoon had turned out very fine, the sun shone merrily through a hundred crevicas, and there, on the foot of tho sumo bunk, sat tbe lost - rabbiter, precisaly as I had seen him sitting ' the night before. How long I stood, how long he remained, I do not know. I remember, a hollow voice calling his name. I remember the pattering of , my own tottering feet, my nerveless fingerB clutching the empty air, '- my trembling body flung headlong on the other bunk, and the sobs that shook it as' I, r, lay. For then I knew that Henry Powell was already dead, and for the second time I had seen his ghost. Not a particle of doubt remained in my mind. I could not be mistaken twice — I was perfectly certain that I had never been mistaken at all. This time, however, th^re was no dull red glow to play conceivable' tricks in the darkness, for the fire was out, and it was almost as light in the hut as it was outside. Yet there I had seen him, iu the self-same attitude, on the self-same spot, his hands covering his face, his beard show ing between his wris.s, his elbows planted on hia thighs. I could havn counted tho checks in bis Crimean shirt, and this time tho glasses were still upon my noso. Yes, I was absolutely certuiu of what I had seen, and that very certainty was now my consolation. The worst is vvor.st of all bofort? it happons ; aud the knowledge that I had seen a ghost was much more sup portable that the doubt as to whether I had seen one or not. The ghost could nofi barm, after all ; instead of sytnpathiuing with myaelf I should grieve for tho poor fellow who was already beyond the reach of succour. ? * ' Had they found him yot ? Had they found tho body1? And if so, would the whim-driver return to his post at ODce and set me free ? My heart beat fast with the hope, in d'-ttanca of my head. I might reaaou with myself that a poor ghost was no fit companion, but how I longed to got away! Even then, however, my courage failed me in another place. Who would ; believe my yarn? So I stayed where I was — and havo held my tongue till now. Sundown roused me, for I must havo my tea, ghost or no ghost, and to make tea I must relight tho fire. Horo an obstacle confronted and ultimately vanquished me. There was a wood-hoap outside, but of courso, the wood was damp, aud though I looked for the axe to chop to tho dry heart of tho wet lofjs I had not found it when night foil hastily, forcing mo to abuudon the Boarcli. Su I went without my tea, but ate wUU what appetite I had, and washed down the mutton and damper with pannikins of water from the 900gal. tank outside. I had lighted the ' slu&h-lttinp; ' (moleskin wick in tin of mutton fat), and I sat watch iug the foot of the dead man's bank as I ate, but no farther vision interrupted my meal. And afterwards, when I was smok ing my pipe in the open air, I would look in every few minutes, aud past where tlio light was burning, for I had an odd idea that I' mast see the apparition thrice. And I wish I had.. Yet of what I saw twice I am as positive now as I was then. It was a magnificent night ; tha rain had drawn the fever from the sun-baked plains, and left even that clear air clearer than I hud known it before.- Every star was a diamond in the dark-blue vault, and my little pipe made the only clouds be tween earth and heaven. Often as I filled it, ' I had to light it still oftener at the fhme which I had left burning in the hut, for I was wrapt in thought. . You are nowhere nearer to God than when alone in tho buah beneath the un dimmed tropic stars. I cannot say what brought it home to me, or;by wlut chain of thought I chanced on the conclusion, but all at onca I stood still and knew that the hand of God was in the apparition which I had seen. It meant something. What did it mean ? There must ba some reason why I alone and not Wylie, for txaaiple, had been made to s«e the lost man sitting on his bunk. Tnen what con Id that reason be 1 I thought, and thought, and thought, sauntering round and round the hut the while. At; last, I entered, bub not to light mv pipe. I do not know what I meant to do ; I ouly km-w what I di 1. I walked to the foot of Powell's bunk, and sat down w hero I had seeti Pjwell sitting, with a v.igue f- eling, I bslievo, that iu that spot nod his own .-''.'attitude my 'spirit might re c'-ive: some subtle comma ideation from that df tho rab biter. 'Waat I did receive was a ?tumble.; for the foot of the bunk gave way bt-aoath ?mo, and I found myself deposited on the ground instead. Yot he, whom 1 had se?n sitting there, bal been in* life a much heavier man thaa myself ! These bunks, or bush bedsteads. rather, &re; c 'instructed upon universal and very si mp'e lines. Four uprights are driven iulb'llie rarth fiior of the hut or. tent, and thon ecnutcted by horizontal pole3 with naok-oluth slung across. The result com bines the merits of both bed and hammock; but the uprights must- be firmly rooted in the ground,, and I soon saw the explana tion of the present downfall ; the grjund was all loose at the foot of the lost man's bud, and the outer upright had gone down like a ninepin beneath my weight. For the moment I was merely puzzled. The ground had worn so, hard elsewhere in the hut, that I could not imagine why it should begin to crumble in this particular corner. I reached the slush lamp, and pesred. under the bed. There it was the same— as suit as a sandhill — but recently flattened with a shovel. I saw (he concave marks. And suddenly I leant back and got up quietly, but with the perspiration i tinning1 from every pore, for now I knew why the visible form of Henry Powell had appeared to me twice upon the loot of his bed. It was to tell me that his murdered remains lay buried beneath. Now I knew why Wylie had pretended to be behindhand in bringing in his news ; it was that we might think his mate really lost, nnd be ourselves so lull of blame for an error of judgment that there should bo no room in our minds for deadlier sus picions. Now .1 understood his rae;e and horror when I cried out that there was Powell come back — his subsequent anxiety to explain away my vision. And the miss ing axe — what had it done that ho should hide it ? And the long-handled shovel — . 1 knew what had blunted and bent it now! I remember mechanically looking at my Watoh, and yot hot seeing tho time. I re member looking a^itin, and it was not quite half-past moo. The time goes so slowly whon one is alone, and midnight begins ao soon; bub I was thaukful it waa earlier than I had thought. Now I could make sure — it would nil bo loss ghastly than in tho veritable dond of night — and thon to the station with my n'ows before anybody was in bed. Tho m\8croant Wylie 1 How well ho h-id acted id-j diabolical putt — in there at the men's but — out. horo before the owni-r and the manager! Indignation nt hia Moody villainy became my first omotion, aud it nerved me mightily. I tore away tho polos and tho sicking, and tho aott; HU'lh rosse in a mound— it hud till boon put back I I inn for Iho jiyng-hnndlod shovol, md, urged on by my boiling blood, I began so dig., God knows how I went on ! A boot stuck out first, and when Ij felt it there was i foot inside. It was scarce eighteen inches below the ground. Next I uncovered the Crimean shirt. Tnat was enough for me. As I bent over it with the light, and blew away the sand, I saw here and thsre the red checks (no plainer thaa in my vision, however), but the most of them were blotted out by a dark stiff stain. I delved no. deeper; this was indeed enough. I turned away, deadly sick, without rising from my knees — and there was Wylie hinxselt watching me from the door I I set the light down on the table-— that, at any rate, was between us— and I looked up at him from my knees. He was glaring down on me with the most ferocious ex pression, every wrinkle writhing1, and that loose pouch at his throat swelling as if with venom for spitting in uiy face. But, so far aa I could see, he was. unarmed ? his bony right hand rested ou what I took to be the handle of a stickj and, luckily, the long-handled shovel lay within reach of mine. I was the first to speak. ' I have found him/' said I. ' More fool'you.' ' Why so ? I am not frightened of you.' 'Not frightened to die?' -. ' Not particularly ; you'll fMlow me soon enough. Oae murder you could only con ceal a diy, and how long »ra'- you going to conceal two 1 Besides, you've got to kill me first I' Aod I was on my legs with the long shovel in both hands. '' ' Tnat's soon done,' he answered, with a lan^h, and then I saw my mistake. What I had taken for a mere stick was the missing axe ; he must bavi bidden it somewhere ou'side, and after first catching mi at work, stolon a-vay and come back with it on tip toe. N -w he took two strides into the hut, and, aa the axe came up over his shoulder and huntr there, I saw bloodstains on the blade. The. sight of them delayed me at the critical instant; yet I lunged as he struck, thon started back, and the axehead split through the table as though it bad been a cigar- box. With a- curse he wrenched it free, but I was on him first* and round and round we went, and over and over, until I had the wretch at my mercy in the/very grave which his own hands had dug. At my ranrtfy because he lay as on=- paralysed when he found his body -^retched out on that of his victim ; but how long that would have lasted I do not care to conjecture. He was stronger than I, though le3S active, and I think that his strength musb soon have come back tenfold. I5; had not dono s.» when I caught the b^.at of the sweetest music I have ever heard — the rnuaic of e ght cantering hoofs drawing nearer and neartr to the* hut. The slush lamp had failen and gono out when the axe Ml, but my eyos wore search ing for that villuiu's eyes in the darkness, and I would have given s^mathing to see them as the music fell on hu ears too — as the horseman's spues jinked on tho' ground unhide and then in the hut. ? ' Is Wylie here, Forrester?' cried the manager's voice. ' - 'He is.' , \\. ,'.. V ' We suspect him. of having murdered Powell, himself.' . ??? ' He has done so. Strike a light, and you shall see them both.' ? But at the trial I said nolhing of my two visions, for, as I have stated, I had not then the moral courage, and the case was complete without that. My story began whim the bed collapsed beneath me— that wag all— so terrified was I of making myself a discredited laughing-stock.; Now I do not care, nor do I think there will be so many disbelievers. At all events I bavo relieved my mind by tolling tho whole truth at laBt— so holp my God. This I think irrelevant, but those who are interested, and who do not know it, may be gla 1 to learn that Wylie the whim drivor lived to die as he deserved. 