REMEMBER ;9l ! Every protectionist; candidate and every recreant freetrader should be. rejected as a menace to the Federal cansc anil a disguised apostle of restriction. This is why '01. should ho remembered. Mr. Barton, In 1S91, sank the fiscal issue for Federation, but when lie got into Parlia ment lie sank Federation for protection. Listen to these ghosts of the past for proof:— Mr. Burton at. the hustings nomination in 1891:— "tie was a protectionist, but lie set Fede ration above the fiscal policy." Four months later lie was in a protection ist Government. He never afterwards se riously attempted to deal with Federation. Mr. Barton in 181)1:— "Any man whom lie supported in a Minis try must lie a Federationist lirst." It was only four months afterwards that lie was Attorney-General under Sir George Dibits, whom be bad stigmatised as an auti- Fcdcratlouist Mr. Barton in 1891:— "His liearl; was in this work (Federation)." In four months lie threw it over, and em braced protection. Mr. Barton in .1S9.1:— "lie was in a perfectly independent posi tion in this contest, having come out solely in support of Federation." Ho joined a protectionist Government in four months, and bcyotiil proposing some visionary resolutions (and uot proceeding .Willi them) he did nothing for Federation. Mr. Barton, after ids election in 181)1:— "Disagreeing as lie did on the liscal ques- tion with many of the electors, lie bad been chosen as the friend of peace, and uot of discord, the friend of union anil not of dis union." It took him exactly four 'months to ally himself with .a Government that absolutely discarded Federation. . Mr. Barton, in 1891:— . "They hail conferred upon liini the no blest position in their power, the election of him, a protectionist, in so strong a freotrudo constituency." This is precisely what lie is aiming at to day. The freetrade eoustit'ueuc.y elected liiin because lie had promised to stand to Fede ration. 1-Ic stood to it for four months. Mr. Barton, at. the declaration of the poll in 1S91:— > . ; " "For anything that lie could do iu the fu ture tliey had only the hare word of an hon est man; but if that hare word had not been, broken in the past, lie would take care that it was uot broken in the future." 1-Ie nobly anil resolutely kept to his word— for four mouths. Mr. Barton in 1801:— "Ho was a protectionist, 'hut the destiny of Australia was a. greater question than any other that could come upon the political sky." I /, ' sv.)> . In 1 'ii Minister for '.'on tlihvinro- grann j Department | J... > -ri-rv-T-rry.W. portions ,Mr. Barton at flie" decia., p.q) . in 1S01:— . "Above all petty questions, above nil tilings else, they now saw the iirst dawn of the fair day of Australian union." It is coming only now. seven years later. It did not come iu .1.89.1, because four months after this hurst of eloquence Mr. Barton abandoned Federation for protection. Mr. Barton after election iu 1S91:— "The question of Federation will he seen now in its true light." But it never was seen. Mr. Barton turned over to protection four months lator, and then threw Federation aside until it was made a live issue some years later by Mr. Iteid. Mr. Barton after the poll in 1S91:— "It was the nobility with which they had answered to the call of Australia llrst.". Mr. Barton proved false to ills pledges, and went ' over to protection within only four inon tils. Mr. Barton, Interviewed after his election In .1891:— "During the election I made 110 secret of my intention to give no vote' which would place' In power any enemy of tlio national cause." Precisely within- four mouths lie was At torney- General in a protectionist Adminis tration, proposing and lighting for protec tion. Mr. Bnrtdh iu.tlio same interview:— "I shall act with the single object of fur- therlug the achievement of Federation." All that lie did was to propose a few odd resolutions late one night, and discard the subject, lie was too earnestly engaged iu beatiug off attacks on' his protectionist policy to risk office for Federation. Air. Barton on the hill of 1891:— "There was not a Constitution more', 'libe ral anil democratic that that one." He said tlio same of the bill of 1S9S. About 00 per cent, of the Conservatives are protectionists. \ v Ninety per cent.! Tile remaining 10 per cent., which includes Air. Wise, Mr. B. Smith, Air. D. Thomson, and Air. P. Morton, are more dangerous still. Every freetrader who is running with tlip protectionists is in alliance Willi a party whose leader, Air. Lyne, openly declares that lie will not. sink the iisctil issue. Air. Lyne Is candid, straightforward, and positive, lie tolil the electors of Darlington tlmt all lie would do would he to allow the liscal question to "remain in abeyance" until lie saw what became of Federal Ion. As there is no hope of New South Wales accepting such an anti- Liberal, anti-demo- eratie Federation as Mr. Barton and ills Tory allies will secure, Hie liscal question must come to tlio front if the protectionist reactionaries are returned to power. The present Premier has had the audacity to succeed where envious tongues predicted disaster. Here we hare oue secret of tlio combina tion against him. The freetrade supporters of the protection ist reactionaries are seeking to hurl tlio Government, from office out of revenge for tin 3rd of June. Tiffs is done under the thin disguise of .Federation 