We are not Hnrprlsetl at tlie exclama tion which canto from Mr Peacock last night »h ttmtnlicr nfter member of the AsHemlily told Htorius of wtmt hud hap- pened under the I'uridcntlon of itollK Act. "Oh, we have iintl enough of- these InHtnticcs," exclaimed Uie Minister, with u «iuf to cotiiprehotialhle Impatience. "Do 3'ou want to pass the bill?" This scows to have hud Uie desired effect, uud the Hourc, inntnad of continuing to rcKcniblo a Salvatloa Army testimony meeting, be came once more a deliberative Assembly, Is it too much to irnk membera to main tain tliut role? We have passed the mid dle of November, tho Leader of tho Op position has UHkod tho uhuiiI (picstJou as to wluit Pills the Government Intends to persevere wltfi, and ho on. Already, too, there Ih talk of Kriihty HlltlngH and of gome daylight legislation. If nolhlngeise have effect upon tho persist cut tglkers, men who waste Utnc in deluging "Han- surd"/ with maudlin words, embodied In which is rarely ever the ghost of an Idea, a more cullghlened seHlsbuess might operate. Then they would assist, instead of retarding, the course of public busl- iiosh. "Thoy also survo who only HUiiid ami wait," might be thus paralleled lu our huge legislative Asseinhly; Best service Is not necessarily Up service. Tlio referendum idea upiwura to grow. Australia's one experience— that in connection witii the Commonwealth 11IU— was quite as satisfactory us uuy- body could doslre. 11 stunds as a nega tive to tho Idea that the Intelligence of the majority of the people Is not us sound us Unit of the majority of Parliament— a liody which can only at best represent tho average Intelligence of those who create It Hero ami there a nmu of ex ceptional jkiwer is chosen; for the most part mere mediocre men are; In u few Instances the staiulard of the "member for Uie district" is far below mediocre. The duy bus gone by for that distrust of the people which lies at tho root of ob jections to the mulu principle of the re ferendum. The dltllcult quustlou— one admitting of very wide differences of opinion— Is to determine lu what condition the referendum is an expedient which may wisely bo resorted to. All will oh-, servd then with interest that a proposed koutttitutlonul cluingc In South Australia U to to votod upon by. thoptbple. A I bi en sure before Parliament provides that : every householder nnd his wife shall have a vote for the Legislative Council, Increasing the munlier of voters from 45,000 to 100,000. The operation of this , measure in rondc subject to the aflirmn- . tlou of the people at a referendum vote to he taken nt the gcuerul elections next year. ! We are glad to learn on so good an au thority us Professor Morris that "tlicre Is no reason why the examination sys tem should not he conducted humane ly." We like the word "huumuely," and know what Professor Morris lu- tends to convey, yet offer the observa tion that it is not so much in the way the system Is conducted as it Is In the K3stem Itself that the "inhuman- j Ity" Is found. Professor Morris pro ceeds to comment upon a phase of the I question which we touched briefly In I this column on Wednesday evening, | "We have no oral exniulnullons here i for the arts course," he says, "although wc lutve tlicni for the medical course. It might be possible to urrnugc a sys tem of contingent oral examinations In such a way that a candidate who wrote a good paper would pass 'Ipso fucto,' while if the examiner had any doubt about thu ellleleuey of the paper work he might be allowed a supplementary vlva voce. " Precisely. And is there any reason why oral examination might not with advantage largely supersede written in almost every department of tests undertaken with the propumcd view of ascertaining how much kuow- ledge and Intelligence n candldutu iwb- susses. We are .just on the eve of tho period of school speech days. Our meu of light aud learning who will give nil- dresses on these occasions ought to use I heir opportunities this year for tho better enlightenment of all who interest themselves lu the cxuuilmitiou question. Is not a direction contuiued In this week's "Police Gazette" a wilful defi ance of the Supreme Court V Con stables are commanded to use the pro visions of the third sub-section of sec tion 40 of the Police Offcuccs Act, so as to the more effectually deal with habitual drunkards. Here ore the words of the sub-section:— Any habitual drunkard having been thrice convicted of drunkenness within the preceding twelve months, :uid any common prostitute who in any street or public highway, or being in any place of public resort, shall behave in a riotous or Indecent manner. As "The Ilerald" has previously pointed out, thu Supremo Court holds that the last purtof tlic sub-section applies equal ly to habitual drunkards and prostitutes. That Is to hu>', no conviction for habit ual druukmmess Is sustainable unless Lhu person charged, In udditiou to hav ing beou convicted tlit'leu within twelve months, has also behaved In a riotous or ludeceul manner in a place of public resort. Parliament did not Intend to declare anything of the kind; the Su preme Court says that that Is what Parliament has succeeded lu dcclariug. And there you are. A plensuut surprise Is afforded to Vic torian cricket enthusiasts by thercsultof the first Intercolonial match of the sen- sou. It cati hardly be so gratifying to South Australians. Before play com menced the chances of u wlu for this col ony were not appraised very highly, and at one time, when It wus believed that Trmnhlu would not be able to take part, defeat wus' regarded by muuy us inevi table, even though it was kuowu that our adversaries would be without the ser vices of so sterling a plnyor as Darling. Happily Tor Victorian prospects, Trumblu recovered in time, and must have bowted wonderfully well even for him in the first Inulngs of the South Aus tralians. Ab to the Victorian bowling, however, Ciller's splendid success on the lust day of Uie match is Die most strik ing feature. It indicates how useful he is likely to prove in big erlekcl during the coming season lu the department of the game lu which it was supposed our cric keters wcro weak just now. "Willi Trmuble, C. M'Lcod and Glllcr as thu backbone of our bowling, wc may .hope lo contend successfully lu later contests. In banting Victoria is strong enough; tak ing tiie team altogether, though lioth South Australia aud New South Wales possess u few very brilliant willow wlcl- dors. It (s no proof that tills colony is nil It ought to be to show that things aro very much worse elsewhere. But as ugulust those who arc frequently suy- lug In effect that we are thu most shameless lot of gamblers arid profli gates thu world possesses It Is occasion ally useful to quote some of the old country "records." We recently gave some from .what we believe to lie a re liable source lu regard to East Loudon. This, now, is what is being said about tho gambllug mania in the North of England:— Newcastle - on - Tync, Sunderland, Stockton-on-Tees, and Middlesbrough have been veritable gambling hells. During the last ycur or two the authori ties have made a strenuous effort to put the practice down; but It Is still flagrant and unblushlngly open. Back streets In Newcastle arc sown, at no very dis tant Intervals, with bookmakers. Walk ing along, tho passer-by hears men ac costing others with invitations to "have et bit on So- and-so." Women seem to be their chief customers. ... At Stockton, on tho quay, there is a place known among the people ns the "Uot- tlng Ground." Crowds of women Jostle the men and laugh nt the police. Near by arc streets of lodging- houses, whero most of these women live, spending Uiulr time in drinking and discussing " thu odds." A good strong picture, with the colors laid on thick and slab. Our readers will bo prepared, therefore, to learn t hat It Is a picture prepared by the head of the Balvattou Army, whose relative and llciftcunnt here 1ms denounced Mel bourne us the most wicked city In the world. 