NTH. MELBOURNE WESLEYAN CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. THE 39th anniversary of the North Melbourne Wesleyan Church was held on Sunday last, when special services were held. In the morning the Rev. A. R. Edgar, of the Central Mission, preached, taking for his text St. John, xvi., 7, "It is expedient for you that I go away, for if I go not away the Comforter will not come unto you." The sermon was on the descent of the Holy Ghost to fit men for the work of soul saving. The church needed this to-day, and it was also necessary to do good, that we should have the spirit of sympathy for our fellow man. Without this our work would lose much of its power, even if it were done with the best intentions. The preacher delivered an eloquent dis course, which was most attentively listened to. A Pleasant Sunday Afternoon was held at 3 p.m., when the Rev. A. McCallum, of Brunswick, delivered an address on the subject, "Turning the world right side up." He stated that the great predominating spirit of the present day was selfishness. Reference was made to the Socialists, who imagined that they had got hold of the right thing which would remedy the greater portion of hunman distress, but their views had been tried in South America by an ex pedition from Australia, and it had failed. The only way to set the world right was Christ to get into the heart of man, and then all selfishness would flee away. Christianity was the only thing to set the world right. Get a man con rerted and his selfishness would be exorcised, and his heart would go out as the Master's, towards the poor and needy. During the afternoon Mr. Armes Beaumont sang "If with all your heart," and "The Light of the World," and also "Star of Bethlehem" by special request. These were given in his usual talented manner, his voice appearing to have as fine a compass as ever. Miss Ruddock, of Ballarat, sang "The Gift of Rest." This lady has a superior voice, and ought to make her mark in the musical world.. In the evening the Rev. Professor Rentoul preached, the church being packed to its very utmost. His text was from the II. Kings. xvii, 15: " And they rejected His statutes and His covenant that He made with their fathers, and His testimonies which He testified against them, and they followed vanity and became vain, and went after the heathen that were round about them, concerning whom the Lord had charged them, they should not do like them." The preacher drew a graphic picture of the miserable con dition of the people of Israel consequent on their national spostasy. Endowed with the highest privileges of a direct theocratic government, they time after time threw off its salutary control and plunged into the gross animalism of the various heathen nations with whom they came in contact. "All the day long have I stretched out my hand to a disobedient and gainsaying people" be cause the burden of Jehovah's charge against the faithless people of his choice until they consummated their list of iniquities by crucifying their Messiah. Israel's conduct of old was a warning for us of to-day. If the nations of the present forgot that to be truly established, they must take righteousness as their basis, they would fall away like the decayed civilisation of the past. Despite the modern advances and scientific achievements, men's hearts were as prone to evil as in the old time. Now, as then, it was necessary that the grace of God should be shed abroad in their souls, or a spiritual and moral col lapse of the individual, the family, and the nation would ensue. The sermon was most attentively listened to by the large congregration present. The knife and fork tea was held on Tuesday evening in the Schoolroom, Howard-street, a number sitting down at 6.30 to an excellent repast. As in former years there was a departure from the ordinary " bun and tart" order of things, and substasntial joints and tasty salads were provided. After the tea a public meeting was held in the church, Mr. J. Jamison presiding. The build ing was fairly well filled, but the attend ance did not come up to that witnessed at some previous Sunday- school anni versaries. The proceedings were opened by a selection from an oratorio by the choir, "The Wilderness and the Solitary Place shall be Glad for Them," follow ing on which the chairman, after being introduced as an old and staunch church member to the congregation, delivered a few remarks. Mr. Jamison said another year had passed away, and they should praise God for what had been done and take courage for the future. They should be glad and happy to know that in that church souls had been saved and conversions wrought, and on Sundays they had the privilege of listening to earnest sermons setting forth to them clearly the way of salvation. He con gratulated them on their progress and byped the work of God would still pros per in their midst, so that they might grow in grace and in the knowledge of God until they finally joined the church above. (Applause.) Mr. W. H. Fuller then read the treasurer's report, which disclosed a fairly satisfactory state of things, but this gentleman urged on the congregation the necessity of liberal and systematic do nations towards tele working expenses fund of the church. Certain liabilities had to be met and certain agencies of effort supported, and hard cash was re qlisite for this. Some people might think these questions of finance dull and routine business, but he could assure them that while they were not so pleasing to talk about as other matters they were highly important; and if the funds of the church became crippled the work of the church would become seriously, if not irretrievably, hampered, and be therefore appealed to them all to put their shoulder to the wheel and give liberally " as God had prospered them." (Applause.) The Rev. W. Presley said that he did not intend to say much, as they heard quite enough fron him on Sundays. He was glad to see such large congregations last Sunday, and Dr. Rentoul, the even ing preacher, expressed his surprise and said " Where do all the people come from ? " Of course large crowds in a church might mean very little--no real spiritual awakening or gathering in souls to God--but at the same time no one liked to preach to empty pews. The year that had passed had been one of spiritual blessings and progress he humbly believed. The congregations had been good, especially in the evening, and conversions had taken place. He hoped the North Melbourne Methodist Church would neverr have to relax her efforts to evangelise the people because of half-heartedess and want of faith among her members. He thanked God or the past, and trusted Him for the future, believing it was His divine will that the work in North Melbourne should go forward and progress. The Rev. A. Edgar was to have ad dressed the meeting conditionally on his not being called away to fulfil a long standing country engagement, and as he was not present it is presumed he had to leave Melbourne to do so. The Rev. W. J. Crisp said he was very glad to he present that night to see the happy faces before him and hear such good accounts of the church's progress. As one who had been formerly minister of the North Melbourne circuit he took a great interest in it, and was always glad to hear of its spiritual and material progress. He hoped the good work would go on and prosper, and all Divine blessings attend pastor and people. During the evening the choir sang anthems under the conductorship of Mr. G. H. Prout, Mr. A. Dangerfield offi ciating at the organ, and both gentlenmen acquitted themselves admirably, and the sacred harmony was most enjoyable. The following rendered solo numbers Mr. Manks, "Dream of Bethlehem"; Miss Ruddock, " Golden Promise": Mr. Jones, "Jerusalem." Votes of thanks were accorded to the ladies presiding at the tables, the speak ers, singers, chairman, choir, and all who helped to make the annivarsary such a success, on the motion of Mr. A. Fenton seconded by Mr. W. Hill. The following are the names of the ladies who presided at the tables --Mes dames Hill, Warren, Whitaker, Prout, Butler, Fuller, Davis, Snook, Livingstone, Roberts, Simpson, Bartram. The Boys Gymnasium also gave a table. Great credit is due to the ladies who decorated the church, and who were in cluded in the vote of thanks. 