BOGOKC HIGH PLAINS A VICTORIAS ALP-HE HOLIDAY. BY B. J. j The traveller whose appreciation of the vast and beautiful prompts him to journey to the Bogong High Plains will find it im possible to convey to those who have not seen for themselves an idea of the grand and beautiful Alpine panoramas presented to the view. From the heavily timbered mountain bases to the barren and here and there moss grown summits of Bogong, Cope and Fainter, each new turn in the track affords subject matter for the artist. To the energetic nomad, who is not afraid to give a day's exertion for a week's pleasure, a trip to the Bogong High Plains will be found to be one of the most exhilarating and charming excursions in the Australian continent. Towards the end of Jauuarv of this year several small parties from Mel bourne, Kyabram, Yackandandali, Barna- wartha, Kergunyati and Gundowring started before daybreak for an appointed rendezvous near the foot of Mount Bogong, arriving at Mr. Black's hospitable home stead at Tawonga in the afternoon. After a brief halt and refreshments, the final stretch of the first day's journey was com pleted, and what is locally known as "The Island" — tho junction of the right and left hand branches of the Kiewa River — was reached at sundown on horseback. Through the in strumentality of one of our guides, who had preceded us, a much needed repast was ready for attack. Supper over, the roll call showed the party to consist of three ladies and nine of the "sterner" sex, a tent being pitched for the accommodation of the for mer, the gentlemen bivouacking in tlieir blankets, with saddles for pillows. At 4 o'clock a.m. dawn was breaking, horses had to he caught, and pack saddles filled. The morning's ablutions were per formed in the cold clearwatcia of tlicKiewa, and with the "edge of appetite" dulled for the nonce through the medium of clfops, to matoes and home made bread and billy tea, the ascent of Mount Fainter was begun. Thanks to the progressive policy of the present Minister of Mines, the old route to Mount Fainter (with the exception of one section) has been converted into a very fair sideling bush track, over which the pack horses travelled with apparent ease. The road is wide enough in most places to admit of two horsemen riding abreast. After a plea sant ride of some four hours' duration, a halt was made in an exquisite glade of sweet clover and grass, shaded by monster moun tain ash, known as "the Springs," from the small stream of clear, cold water which trickles down the mountain side. Here the guides warned us not to imbibe too freely, lest eoUc symptoms should ensue. The jour ney was resumed, and as we left behind the vegetation of the lower slopes of mountain ash, peppermint and wild hop scrub, the view became dearer and grander. Here the effect of the winter snow is plainly visible. Nearly all the stunted gums which had reached maturity were dead; the trunks and branches bleached to a bouelike whiteness, standing out in the evening sunlight like skeletons portending the fate of their younger relations when the shallowness of the soil will prove insufficient to give them suf ficient sustenance to withstand the nipping frosts and snows of the winters. In the next stage, the only vegetation was the mountain goree, intermixed with diminu tive many Rued flowers, snow daisies, and everlastings; a clearly defined line of demar cation being discernible between the snow gum region and the higher mountain slopes. An irrepressible clieer broke from our party, when a turn in the track disclosed the stupendous mass of Mount Fainter along its western slope, winding the sideling track known as the "Blow Hard," leading to the summit. .The track lias a gradient of one in three for a distance of several hundred yards, and is strewn throughout with large boulders, a significant indication that frock maintenance contracts would be a still greater credit to the Mines department and a boon to the prospector. . At the suggestion of the guides, on account of the stiff breeze and roughness of the track, we dismounted, and plodded slowly on and upwards, the saddle horses being driven be fore us. A sharp look out was kept for cast shoes, for there were rocky defiles still to be encountered, nnd any horse other than a "warrigal" minus a shoe iu such a country might as well be short of a leg. At length the ascent was accomplished, and the sum- j rait of Mount Fainter reached, lo _ the north, bathed in roseate evening tints ot the Alpine atmosphere, rose the vast Bogong, with Cope and Feathertop to the south, making a marvellous picture of mountain elorv and majosjr. One of the guides sug gested that camp be pitched on tlie Fainter, as one paei; horse was hardly likely to last out tlie rest of tiie journey — it being our in tention to reach a hut built a few years ago ny Air. J. Black, one of the guides", midway between Mount Fainter and G'.eii Wilis. Gould tlie pack horses last out the trip? To solve the question the guides' dog was told on to 'heel" the lagging brute, and if the latter did not send both heels at least a yard high, tlie verdict wad to lie "done up." Si multaneously with the "heeling" applica tion, a pair of hind shoes gleamed mctcorliko in mid air, with a promptitude and vigor which showed unmistakably the presence of a reserve of go iu Rosinantc, and we pressed on. Following the Government track to wards Glen Wills, indicated bv snow poles placed at intervals along the entire route, tho country throughout being of" emerald greenness, splendidly fertile, and watered by innumerable rivulets, tributaries of the Kiewa, we were nearly C000 feet above the level of Hobson's Bay, and had passed seve ral alluvial claims outside the auriferous area, some of which are yielding, it is said, £1 per day per man for five or six months during the year. Payable gold has also been discovered at the root of Mount Bogong, arid along its higher slopes are huge out crops of apparently "buck" quartz— a fair indication that by prospecting an unseen treasurcmaybefound. Thereis seldom much smoke without fire, and experienced miners hold that from Omeo ana Glen Wills to Harrietville and Freeburg is one great belt of auriferous country. So far some 100,000 acres of good grazing land between Mounts Bogong, Cope and Fainter remain part of the country's unsold heritage. It is partly leased, and partly open under the 119th sec tion of the Land Act. The department liave willed that tlie "yellow" (or aurifer ous) area shall cease on its maps some two miles west of Mount Fainter, so miners interested in that locality should see that something is done to have the area con siderably extended; and the evolution from a licence to graze to the right to attain fee simple may be surprisingly rapid. _ The track from the Fainter to Wallace's hut runs through ever-clianging country, now rocky and barren, th.cn undulating, with far reaching valleys of exceptional fer tility, and occasional steep rises and de scents, dotted here and there with herds of cattle and liorses. Leaving Mount Cope to our right, we passed close to the "Nigger's Head," a clearly delineated 'outcrop of ba- salt'ic rock. Here local history reports that the last Parliamentary party that journeyed this way to Omeo came to sad grief. So in tent were tliey on the examination of the geological features of the country that the pack liovse (carrying the Parliamentary medicine cliest) was allowed to stray away, and was only recovered some few days after wards — minus the medicine chest. There was consequently whisky famine in the land. Ascending and descending a number of minor ranges, we struck a picturesque stretch of country, which we called the "Vallev of Caanau," and here, for the first time since leaving the island, a gallop was indulged in. Tlie sun was going down, and a heavy mist moved quickly lover the land scape. Darker and mistier it grew, and the rear gnaai needed the intermittent husky "coo-ee" from the guides in front to keep thera on the right track. An enthusiastic hurrah told the lagging ones that the hut had been reached. Horses were hobbled, tents pitched, and the ladies installed in the hut. A hearty supper ensued, followed by the deep dreamless sleep earned by vigorous physical exertion. . ... Breakfast over "in. the appetising mountain morning air, onr week of camp life, sport- and invigorating enjoyment was fairlv and delightfully inaugurated. . The programme of pleasure included pienie ex cursions from the hut, shooting, exploring, sketching end gathering entomological, bo- | tanicnl and geological specimens .in the day time and singing, reciting and relating ghost and other stories from the family editions liy ! the camp fire at night. Then came the good- I night; when the men retired to their tents, for an hour to vie with each other in the re flation of parables and ancient stories' 'vex- j ing the drowsy ear of night" with uncon trolled laughter. Each morning saw us ris- I ing 'earlier than heretofore," the causes in- l variably being unforeseen. On one occasion the tent was.lilown down, and on another our slumbers were rudely awakened by anathemas launched against a sociable centipede, which had wandered into the tent in search of change of diet, and found out a sensitivesnot in the anatomy of one of the sleepers. For the first two days prior to each menl the whole of- the men were converted into cooks and stewards. Curries, stews and epicurean dishes were cunningly concoted by our amateur Soyers, nnd it was only when the over thoughtful "Squire," with a view to conserving a diminished supply of bread, had made some "slap Jacks" (a compound of flour, baking powder, grease and water) that the ladies took matters culinary into their own hands. The '/slap-Jacks" supplied the necessary indigestion to convert us into dreamers of dreams; hut the Josephine of our party placed only one interpretation on these visions, viz.: that the chief butler and baker should oedepos0d forthwith. Then came a gastronomic mutiny. In secret con clave we appointed a new chief baker, but, alas! flour and water under his manipula tion were but as "clay in tlie hands ot the potter," nnd what was intended for a start ling surprise in tlie pastry line found a place amongst the geological specimens in the camp museum, and wus subsequently sold as a terra-eotta plaque, made in Gel- many, to a travelling artist. Many places of interest were visjted, the most notable of which wc-re Mount M'Kaj, the Giant's Causeway and the Iiocky Valley, lhe summit of Afount M'Kay commands a complete cycloramic view of Mounts Feat hertop, Fainter, Nelse, and the picturesque Kiewa Valley, and many distant villages and towns. The Rocky Valley is a portion . of the right branch of the Kiewa River, and ' except for its stunted and different vegeta- tion, the spectator would have no difficulty in fancying himself looking at Dovcdale, and other scenes in the Peak country. A most enjoyable day was spent, sketching, bathing and .playing "follow my leaders' down a declivity of several hundred feet of terraced rock to the bed of the river. The Giant3 Causeway is a huge outcrop of geo< metrically shaped blocks of columnar basalt, so called from its resemblance to that strange geological formation near Portrush, in the north of Ireland. Any comparison, however, is decidedly in favor of the Irish Causeway, which hears about the same rela tion to the Victorian one as a perfectly, carved structure of civilised art does to thq rude creation of aboriginal workmanship. i A week passed, and the order was reluc tantly given for the homeward march. The hobbled horses were utilised for "running in" their companions, some of wliicli had strayed away with wild mountain acquaint ances. The return journey was made by a differ ent route, via the Tawanga but; each defile proving to be the portal to new picturesque panoramas beyond. Near the Tawanga but the young cavaliers alighted, dismounted to chisel their own and the names of the fair on the autograph rock close by. And so with mirth and laughter and some minor acci dents, we again arrived at the summit of Mount Fainter, where a eairu was erected by willing bands, wherein one of the ladies. ' amidst cheers, deposited therein a "dead marine," well corked, and containing tlie names of each one of the party and an ode to an emu. The reading of the latter, before burial, caused one guide to venture tlie opinion that the author was "another Sliak- speare." A lingering fareweU view from Mount Fainter of the rugged and awe-inspiring be yond was fondly taken. As we sat on the : rocks and mused o'er crag and fell, the mystic sunlight and fitful shadows creep ing over the rugged and stupendous rocks seemed as the golden happy ho®s of the springtide of youth — mingled with later years of doubt— falling softly upon the altar of Time. Then, as by magic, the sombre shadows melted away, leaving behind as.it were only the richly tinted hues or pro mise. _ ....... A parting salute, dissipating, moralising and philosophising, was fired, nnd a huge rock weighing some" 3 tons was toppled over the cliff, and then the descent began. ; bronzed, weather-beaten and begrimed, but withal happy as sand boys, we reached the island an hour before sunset. Front the island to Tawanga a race ensued. ®)jen, .fie rearmost straggler reaching Air. Blacks homestead in time to do ample jus tice to his hospitable board. On the follow ing day we bade adieu to the guides (Black and Weldon), and scattering on widely di vergent routes reached home with the plea- santest nnd most enduring of memories of the Bogong High Plains and our holiday sojourn there. , 