Sports at Jflalgoa. One of the most enjoyablo events of Princo of "Wales' birthday was the sports meeting1 at Mulgoa, which celebrated the fourth anniversary ia con neotion with St James Church. The drive to Mulgoa from Penrith, is perhaps'tlie most beauti ful in the district, and tho over varying scenery which meets tho eye ut every turn of the serpentine road woll repays tho traveller, oven though • ho may get an occasional mouthful of dust. Winbourno House in whoso grounds the sports were held is delightfully situuted overlooking tho Mulgoa-Valley, while tho grounds themselves aro rioh in vegetation and trees, Chinese Elm, Bunya Bunyn, English Elm, Cabbage tree, Kauri and other pmes, Kurra jong, Cyprus, Flame treo, Duto palm (in bloom), Mock Orange, English Bay, Myall and numberless other varieties of trees vines and shrubs making the soenemost picturesque. The attendance at the sports was not as large ns might have beon anticipated) at no time there being more thin 200 piesent. This was a little disappointing to the Secretary, Mr Wrench, who lias had the principal directing of the work, and to the other members of the Committee, Messrs Jim Carpenter, J Scutt, C H Hudson, K J Turnbull, Redhead, L Wallace, Hallaran, Russell, aad Baines. The Ltdies' Com mittee Included Mrs Turnbull. Mrs Barrow, Misses Williams, Cranny, Riley, Eisenhuth, Green, Smith, and otherd who had provided tucker for about 400, a large quantity of ta9ty eatables having to be disposed of at the close of the day by Bruce auction. The Mayor of Mulgoa, Alderman Outridgp, was present a good part of the day, also the Bav C Blaoket.t Hill and White's string band had been engaged and there was plenty of good music for the dancing on the lawn, tho programme including the march '■ Oxford," Fairest of the Fair waltz, Jessica quadiilles, Old Plantation schottische, Village Wedding lancer?, Loch Lomond waltz, Cynthia quadrille, Lotusblume waltz, Huntsm-m lancers, ami other selections. Mrs Williams, Who had kindly allowed th use nf the giounda, also 1 nt her piano. Tennis and other games were kept goin'/, an>l the. following are the results of: the sports proper. ■ B.ys under'12—Nine entries and ;an exciting race, resulting B Eisenhuth i; B Hallaran 2. Boys 16 and ander—Sis entries. R Scott 1, B Crannie 2. Girls undor 12—Twelve entries. H Hinks 1, M Eisenhuth 2, Girls tinder 16—Four entries. R Hallaran 1, H Bowe 2, U Hallaran 3. - *, t,; ■ Tilting at the ring—Nine entries. • W Abeam 1, R G Wallace 2. - v : All-comers—Eleven entries. First dviiion, H Gibson 1, ,\V Orron 2 ; second division,. J..Williams 1, L Wallace 2 ; final, Orton 1, Gibson 2: (Mr R G Wallace intended to 8'art from scratch but his running snoea didn't com • in time.) Throwing at Wicke'—27 entries. W H Wrench and E J Turnbull tied for first place and agreed to divide first and sncond prizes. Qu it. Match six entries. W Rush ton. 1, • J Hutchison 2. Throwing Cricket Ball. E Scott 1, S~ Leggo2 ; the winner threw 90 yards Gent's Si ogles—Tennis Match, Bev 0 Blacket 1, A L Pitt 2. The prizes were worth having.and were donated by Messrs Player, Aynsley, Col'ess, Orth, Fulton, Tennant, Judges Bros, Greeves, Blacket,'Bedhead, Small, and Mrs Carpenter. THE GOKCEBT at night, held in the Mulgoa Hall in aid of the Hall Piano Fund, was a great success.' The Hall . was literally packed with a most attentive and appreciative audience, who bestowed rounds of . applause on m- st of the performers. The' first part of the programme consisted of a Christy Minstrel Ci'cle'. Mr W H Wrench being Interlocutor ; Mr M •'ainsbury, Bones; Mr A L Pitt, Tnmhouri" ; the other elixirs being filled by Messrs Redhead, Hutchison, Williams, Carpenter, and Turnbull. "i The ball was startel with a splendid onenine chorus, ''The Old Log C*bin- in ihe Dell; Mr Sainsbury carae_ next with a splendid nigger ?one, "Ring de Btnjo," which was well given and at once "c-ught; on " with the audience and he hid to repeat tho.;last, verse as an.,encore ;..Mr Pitt followed with"'Brighton,'' which was'well rendered And, in response to hn encore,' he repeated the last verse ; Mr J William* was next with " One o' the' Family,." and-the audience were not satisfied until he had given them the last verse over again. . Mr J Hutchison cave a good rendering of " Mol!y?and ■I and the Baby;" which was'-well received and encored ; a splendid song,' well rendored, - •-.A Sailor's Life," by 'Mr S yy> Bedhead,'-, was next, which was well, received ; and then.Mr (jJajpenter faced the andieooe'with a eorig " Hark Me- Banjo Sound," and when the applause'hid subsided1 Mr Mat Sainsbury' appeared for the second tim? iu a song "O l. George, don't be so forwaid". this wai ' a first class item and was much applauded, and as a result, he repeated the last v«rse. The next item was by Mr Turnbull. a song. "The Crocodile." which amused the audience and he had to' give them some more ; Mr Pitt gained a well-merited encore for a splendid com'c " What could thp poor girl do," the last verse of which he rep-aled. ' The aopga were interspersed with: gag's and jokes by-the niggerp, some of which were very amusine. A finale. " Playing at Soldiers," in which a corps wa* formed on the stage and Mr Sainsbury (Bones) ,w»s appointed captain, and. went through " a Wughahle drilling performance with his men, brought the . first part to a close. After, an interval of a few minutes the second .part orened with a pianoforte : duet Ijy Misa Colwell and Miss Ranrr, the. latter being one of Mi«s Col well's'pupils. This was very nicely played and much appreciated. Miss B. Williams followed with a pretty song, «' Love's Proving," very nicely rendored and. hnartily applhud- d, Mits Williams havine to respond to an encore, when she'was again v>>r.v well received.- Mr White next gave the audience a treat wi'h a violin solo, which was iiery sweet, and the audience wis riot satisfied until he had given them a second one, which.was equally good.' Mr Pitt' came next,' and was much applauded for hlB rendering of " The , Midxhlpmite," and then Sir Mat. ^ainsburv hroueh' down the house with a'splendid comic.." Could Yon Lend My Mother a 8aucepan 1 " for which h« was encored, bis rem\nnBe being -be repetition of the la4tver*e. Mr JHutohinon gave a gn"d rendering of that good song,"The Little Heio," the last verse , being repeated as an encore. A series of short pianoforre duets by Miss Colwell and three of her pupils. Mi*s Hilda Turnbull, Miss Ettie Harrison, and Mnster Stanley McKoii>ht came next, md were uery tiic^ly playd, the- audience applauding "the , pupils for their efforts. Seigeant Parker then gave .thd andiem-e a few minutes good fun in a song, '« The; • Englishman, the IriHhman, and the , Scotchman," S'ltrie of the beys in the audience tnking up the chorus with him. A. violin and pinnn duet bv. Mr Sainsbury and Miss Colwell, -' The Old Arid NeW," gavoite, :wa* a pretty piece" and was nicely played. ; Mr W H Wrench then,."thanked the audience' for their attendance, and said.,he would like to ma^o a few remarks ahoiit the piano, which was the 'obj«ot of th- night's entertainmei^.; ' Mr Wrenoh announced that tho takiugs at tho dobnwould practioally wipe out the existing debt on the piano (upplauso),' It would bo well for hiin at this stage to say a few words about tho purohaso of and payment for tho instrument. it was bought on May 16, 1894, for £52 and it was arranged that a-£10 doposit be paid and the balunce within twelvo months without interost. This was found impossible and the payments extended ovor. a number of voars. ..Qnaocount of this with intorest'ttiid other ch&rgos; an 'oxtra £12 had beon added bringing tho total .cost to £01. On Novombor 0 twelvo months ago it was deoided to borrow and : pay Paling and Co , tho amount j Mossrs Turnbull, Stephons, Carpenter and Wrenoh signed a guarantee to be responsible ' for payment. By tho end of the year thn indebted ness had been reduced by prooeoda of ooncerts to £42, and this' umo'unt the guarantor!" borrowed from Messra !W and E Fulton, good s'eourity being irivon. By tho end of May last £0 had boon paid off, and the days takings would wipo off tho balanoo". So on the who o they had done fairly well in cloaring off so largo, an amount (oheora) Hq would now line to thank' tho publio for tlioir generous .patronage and ulso tho minstrels who had assisted ' at the concert and now that tho instrument was. paid for he congratulated tho pu lio of Mulgoa on the posseasion of such a splendid piano free of debt, Ho had* very pleasing duty to perform; <• As thoy all kncrtr,-> MiBS Colwell bad assisted very greatly }n their concerto ni)d had gone to oonfldcnblt), trouble in. attending rehoaranls and in> other direction?, and it had been decided to show in'some .small way their recognition of her services. On behalf of. tho/'Minstrels ho had much pleasure in. handing AlissColwell n music case (cheers). (The music case was of crocodile skin and silver mounted ' •'•n' Mfs OoU\cU, wlio. was tiken. altogethrr by surprise, not h iviiig known""" anything nboat the presentation beforehand, was much affected. She thanked the Minstrels, for their .beautiful present, and .would be ooly too plowed toassistat any time in any conccrt got up in AIul|:oa. Mr Redhead, one of the Churchwardens, then took the opportunity-of thanking ihe people on .; belmlf of the Rev'C Uladkett, who was unavoidably ' absent, for the splendid manner in which they had worked-to-make the day a success, and for "the' liberal, donations--and-.trophies "which had been ' given. \ ;V V;. ' - . ;■ I'ne programme was then brought to a clcse with a laughable Tarce, " Th'-'lJoctoi's Boy." The leading parts were played by Mr Pitt, the doctor; Mr Mat. Hainsbury, the tired boy ; Mr J Williams, the smart boy j and Mr ,Ourpent«r, tlio'ghost. Mr Pittlaoted the part of the do'tor-very well, and Air Sainsbury was excellent as the tired boy. After the concert dancing was entered into by the young people, and kept up till^he early hours. Every thing passed off r splendidly arid everybody' was thoroughly satisfied ; with the evening'a entertainment. • ' . 1 f. 