CHGSTLAfrO, district* are rich iti gliOJSt'S— i)li't»L-?At) piHT"^, you under*'ffEd. In lloundMiicli 1 c.uiic acros-s tlws'traeeif nf <wo trifit were ftm;!y br- licvc?:? M f>y. th<^ inh;il.it nms yf tho loe:ility. Ofef lia<l licr hoi 'M 1 in a.Vfiao alley in a ^ery' knv quarter, and ns tiie ylacs otf t'i^f npp;ii itio!: ; o disffsed pump wlftcl* si-:.tKl up in the east cerHey. fTraditi©«i> ran' that iu days 1 of yore as German Jew ord«?ed illegal plunder ^ar the spot. He cs&ftc.; back froSi one frequent absences to find that his dutiful inn:imorula liad hetrSVed hhf secrets to her Ge-fiSiite lover. K4hd wj® fuiy, he chased fc»?r from her isOme in§y the corner by t j.*»* pnmp, whc¥t* he mercilessly murdered Ssr. From Qiat tinHr to the present da^:- if a Germ;fci Jew fafees up his abode ir? this aHey, she can fe seen Fon certain rffjMs in a liiiSglSng; ^Iftude [iofi the spot w!4ere she wa3- killed, -SFbile |j eerie n<jjses aite-supposed &>-"lie her' aobs gaKd shrieks for' iiielp. Be this as It lAay, pacGerman Jew Will live thu5feTjy cli0feie! ! —t&e; moment seen, If ifttii zSiffi, oi' cliild, he'Is made to &k;'e tip life houseboid goods atid depart 'fibe other ^plhittfai celebrity" of the Hotindsditclit region its not so methodical in In habits-, and' che- meaning- of f Ms visits caiMot tracda;. He has no -Ifead; -and trunk. 1 Is sWiCthed in gloora iHther than'ih 1 anything more JistinetiT^. He appears at' erratii'' iistcrvals, and 'fellows wHOih hfr' choose. He will follow for a loag distance, m>t o«ly into tbs? street, but'into your very hwuse; and frotei his Mouehlngr' gait lie is* Intown as tlie""saIlor ghost." It is usefess 1 Do ti^r and put an end to his peripatetic' rambles wifcS ' gunpowders You shoot'iWiiiewigh space, Said—he walks" on just the sarae. He never overtakeft you, and has an exasperating trick- of- Vanishing: if oi?e attempts touch him, 5 He lias left'no 1 legend, and can be identified with 'nothing. He may be lookirig for "his litwivl, or he ma?" have lost his way iff Spini-land. Anyfiow, he fcM the most melancholy, unsatisfactory ghost that erer trod this eartiR It is next tb-iinipossible to follow link by link any cfne; df you get li«M of it: the population changes so quiokrly, • and the iiicliiia tiofi Beitrg to scoff at the marvellous; details-veceive little attention. I only met with one case that bad a beginning and an eim'. My informant was a local policeman; whose beat included the spot 'where - tire- haunted house had stood. The Ibcalerwas Spitalfields, and the dwelling ttpscHJtJoreyed and tumble;- down. Foiinerly it had been a tavern, but as newer ones-sprang up in the vf- : cluity it becaJfiv wlittt. would be called ; now" a shelter for tramps. At the top ol : the house was-a garret, which, as the roof lev 'hi abe-rain, was only u^ecE when there was an- overflow of -guests.-* Gradually it catae-Mvlje whispered that' the gairet was haunted. Sleepers there - were reticent aWout'what they saw exactly, but, coming dOwn with bloodshot* eyes aud liaggard'face-, refused to spend' another night "at any- cost in the same - quarters. At length two bold and roystering fellows undentuok to pierce the mystery. Provided' with plenty of liquor and a revolver-each, they merrily started their night's watch. In the morning one was found In a fit, whilethe other had a wtmdrons talie to tell of a creature, half "woman half ape, that came at midnight poking and peeringabout the floor as if ih search of something. Their description of the weird figure, with it hairless head and skinny claws, was uncanny indeed, and from that night the chamber was shunned by the inmates, even; wict a shrinking terror. As the tale was repeated, custom gradually failed, and'tt£e house changed owners. The new proprietor was of upto-date ideas, and logically concluded that if the creature was in search j of somethiiis, there was something to bfr found. With imagination full of a hidden treasure he waited for her appearand?. and was found at dawn Stretched on the hearth, dead, with one long ted hair twined round liis Ifeft hand. That finished the house: its-reputation became such that It had" to be pulled down, and in digging- fijundatious for the present erection, a- copper vessel was found containing coins and a clievelure of red-gold'hail:!: Kveu more ghasfly is the tale attached to a certan court, where an old woman once lived'who* received babies that nobody owned. It was an understood tliiujr that they were to die or disappear within a givtMr tiine. Her infamous trade prospered almost to inconvenience, for it bfecaine difficult to dispose of the infants 30» quickly without exciting suspicion: Sv> Plie conceived the liciidisli idea of setting fire to her house, and getting rivf of a batch at ouce. The plan ^ufeeedetl. The house was burned, tbe-ctiillh-en too; and thecriminal vanished: no-doubt to continue her crimes somewhere else. But to this. day, so it is asserted, on the anniversary the cries of those babies can be heard far and near by those gifted with, an occult sense: and 1 have questioned many who are-firm hi their testimony that they have-lieard the sounds themselves, though when pressed they own that they could 1 no£ swear as to children erving—it-waft more like a smoth- ered choke.-" nal." Cavil's Saturday Jour- ? 