THE . BITER . BIT, \COHTLBTE STORY. J BY RICHARD DOWLINQ, Author of "Twice Lost," "Lilian Fano," "A Baffling Quest," "Tho Mystery of i Killard," "Tho Hidden Flamo," Sco, ' COPYBIQHT. bye for ever to tlio firm by which I had heen employed tor fivo yours. Tho night boforo I had mado final arrangomonts with Tossio for our marriage next day. Mondayjinorning she and I wero to sail in tho ateamor Eclipse from the East. India dock for Rio do Junoiro, where I had sccnrad un exeellont situation. Although Mr. Jacob Strougford, London partner of the firm, had hcon a close friend of my dead father's, and always spoke of him in terms of groat praiao and liking, I was not sorry to bo dono with the Vindnet. Mr. Strangford had not tho best temper in the world, and Fred Barrows had not spoken to ,mn beyond business sinco tho quarrol between him and mo when Tessio Langley, tho typist in onr office, refused his offer of marringo'and uccoptod mine. Tessic lind resigned early in Novombor, and as yot no substitute had been Engaged. The now clerk to occupy my place was coming in next week. On that memorable Saturday tlio great Burslcm pottory liouso of Strangford and Co. was ropresontcd in town by Jacob Strang ford, partner, Fred Barrows (my senior follow-olork), myself (Thomas I-Iarivood), and Martin Grain, tho porter, whom I detested for his oily smilo und ovor-oivil ways. Barrows had arrived at, tho offieo before mo. Ab I wont to my plnco a sinister cx- iression passed over his weak, wliito face, ait I was then too full of my happiness to givo it moro than a passing thought, though afterwards it camo back to mo with un pleasant persistency, and I counted myself a fool for not taking it as a signal of danger. Barrows wus less than tho average height, had a low, retreating forehead, a beardless, retreating chin, a thin Roman nose, dark, furtivo oyes too oloso togothcr, and washed- out floshless lips. "Morrow," said he, with n nod. "Good morning," Buid I, taken aback. Not ovou a greeting hud passed hotween us for months. Porliaps in honour of the last day ho wished to inako up tho quarrel. Very well; If he hold out his hand I would not refuso it. "I have just had a lottor from tho governor. Ho will not ho in town to-day," said Burrows, as I mounted my stool opposite him. This was a damper. Though I did not love Jacob Strougford, tho notion of leaving 'him without bidding him goodbye nuido mo feel raw and uncomfortable. I did not then know the fall contents of tho governor's letter. I hud then no suspicion Barrows was hutching a seliemo for my destruction. This half-day folt longer than the longest whole ono I laid ever known. I spent most of it tidying up. Barrows stuok doggedly to his account hooks. The clatter of Martin Grain arranging samples could be heard from the show-rooin on the other side of u muffled glass door lit Burrows's hack. At. last St. Andrew's clock stm-'- the third quarter after one. Burrows started, threw down his pen, aiid drew Mr. Strangford's letter from his pocket, exclaiming : " By Jove, I was near forgetting ! Tho govornor says you aro to got a ono hundred pound unto ut tlio hank for this ohequc, and then I am to loavo tlio money at. his private house on my way homo. Tako a hansom to Lombard street aud.don't loso a moment or von will he late." As I drovo up Cheapside tlirco tilings struck 1110 as peculiar. First, down to this hour I had never been intrusted with any of Strangford and Co.'s hanking business. Second, was it credible, tlmt Barrows lind all hut forgotten cushing tlio cheque ? Third, what on uarth could Mr. Strangford want with a one hundred pound note at Hainpstcad of a Saturday afternnoji ? t could Hud a satisfactory answer to none of those questions. Having renchcd Lombard street just in lime, I was snrutiiiised Bhnrpiy for a couple el' seconds by tlio teller, and then handed one note for a hundred pounds. " That mini will be able to identify me," thought. I, with a ehuoklo. AYiion I got hack to tho Viadunt Barrows was striding up and down tlio offieo in great excitement. " Confound my stupidity!" ho nried, "I havo raud tlio governor's letter again, uud I find ho wants llie hundred iu gold, and now tlio hank is shut. Would you mind running across to Green and Wliellon's and asking lliom if thoy could givo you gold for that lioto P We often obligo tliem." I darted off. I hud novor known Barrows fo nitiko u mistake of this kind before. Tho cashier of Graon and Whcllon gavo mn eighty in gold and a twenty pound note. I ran hack to Burrows. "Thank you vory umoli," said lio in- a oiiiok, tremulous voice, us ho ran his fingers through tho littlo pool of sovoroigns. " Now if wo oould molt tho tivonty." Ho paused a moinont and then cxoiaimcd, hammering the desk oxoitodly with his fist and makiug the coins jinglo, , " I havo it, my dear Harwood." "My dour Hurwood !" I repeated mentally iu amuzoment. " You and I lind a row," lio wont on. "I thought you took her uwuy from mo. Later I found sho nover cared for mo. at all. I think sho oven disliked mo — hated mo, because I'm smull and ugly, not a ftuo, stulwurt, handsome fellow like you. Well, I havo found n girl who does not despise mo, who says she is in lovo with ine. Dnn't laugh. Ay, iu lovo with a puper-faeed, dwarfish- ghost liko mo " " I did not laugh, and it is unjust of you to say I did." I was sliookcd at tho suddon outburst in a man usually so solf-contuincd. I pitied him boforo ; now I felt uneasy ubout him. Was ho going mad P "Tlioro, lot that pasB, I nm oxoited ; so oxoitcd that I bungle tho smallest things- Yon liavo already dono two fuvours for mo to day i do a third and lot -us part frionds," said ho, witli a nervous smilo. "If lean do what you want I will, and nothing oould givo me greater satisfuction than that wo should pnrt frionds." " Good. I want to innko my littlo girl a prosont. It ih hor hirthduy. If I wont into, a shop new I should muko a fool of mysolf. Will you go to Hindloy und Gordon's, that fancy shop in Floot street, and buy me u ludy'a handbill? and u lady's umbrella ?" I stared ut him incredulously. "Aro you joking . ' " Do I look liko it ?" ho askod, testily. " Well, no. ' I'll do it on tho condition that wo shako liunda at purtlng." " Get tho hug nud umbrella ins.ido a fiver, and I will ho much obliged," Ho pulled fivo sovoroigns out of his pookot and flung tliem on the desk. Iu u moinont lio took them iuiuk, Buying, "Stop. We can kill two birds with tlio one stono. Tnko tho note to Hindlcy und Gordon's and got eliungo in gold. That will make it nil right for the govornor." . I crossed tho raum to tho dcor. As I turned tho handle I looked hack. Burrows lmd folded his urms on tho desk boforo him and lomit his face on tlioni. I saw on tho muffled glass of tlio door bohind hint tho shadow of Martin Grain. No doubt Grain hud heard all ,wo said. I folt my f uco flunli witli indignation. An ouvosdroppor is ut best; an inoipicnt traitor. 1 restrained an impulse tn fling tho showroom doer open and kioK tho 'sleek' body - of Martin Grain, and only that I waslcuviug Strangford und Co. for good I should havo yielded to the impulse. When I had returned from Hilldlcy and Gordon's I should show Barrows how friendly I felt towards him by putting him on his guard against this contemptible spy. . Away I hastened to Floet street and mado my purohuses, getting gold for tho balunco of tho twenty-pound note. On regaining tho Vinduot I bounded upstairs two steps at u timo. I found Barrows standing in tho lobby. "I'm in a desperate hurry," ho said, taking tlio bug, tho umbrollu, and the oliango. " Sco you uguin, soon," ho addod, with tho samo sinister smilo of tho morning, ending now with a harsh, sly, bittor laugh. He sprang past mo and down tho stairs without further word or gesturo. Ho had forgotten tho handshake ! He had said "Seo you again soon," not even remembering "that wo wero novor moro to meet! I sot out for Charterhouse squaro, wlioro Tessio lodged. "Heaven liolp tho girl who marries Fredoriok Burrows!" said I to myself, mid with a shrug dismissed him from my thoughts. I found Tessio in her tiny sitting-room busy stitoliing. Alico Frasor, hor bridesmaid of to-morrow, was with her, and for u whilo tho threo of ns kopt up snoh a clatter of tongues, I never oneo thought of Barrows or his strange behaviour. Presently enmo a lull in the conversation. Tessio looked up at mo saying, "And how did you and Mr. Barrows nartP" "Oh, I must toll you, " I said, and I began tlio story, making nothing of it. As I went on tho light faded out of my dear girl's face, and when I ended she looked vory serious. " I don't liko it at- all, Tom," said sho : " I mn sure he in a spiteful man. Why did lie run away without shaking hands ?" " Forgot it in his hurry," I answered, off hand. Sho dropped hor needle, letting it hang by tlio thread, and shook hor head. "Was tliore anything wrong in your buying tilings for him out of tlmt twonty-ponnd note?" " No. Ho is rosponsihlo for tlio monoy. Ho is my boss whon Mr. Strangford is not at hand. I was only the messenger, and he hod fivo pounds of his own to pay back tho money I spent for him." " What did ho mean by saying ho hoped to seo you again soon ?" " Oh, it's so common a speech at parting that it slippod out of him unn wares." " How could tho words slip out ironwares whon you und ho woro thinking so much of your going a long voyngo ? And then his inistako about . getting tho hundred-pound note. Could tiioro bo anything wrong in your changing that note ?" "No," said I, hut not quite so firmly as: lieforo. '"-To was in charge of the office, and I was bound to do what ho told rae, unless I was suro what ho told mo was wrong." "As to his having a swoothoart, I don't beliovo a word of it," said Alice Frasor, " Wiy ?" I asked. " Beeauso ho's too ugly and too horrid." I laughed, hut the laugh wus half-hearted. Tcssio's words and her gravo face began to muko mo unensy. Could Barrows havo boon acting a part mid lying right through tho picoo? If so, with' what object ? "lain boring you two girls and stopping your work," I said. " I know whore Barrows lunohos. I'll drop in thcro and get that sliiiko hands, anyway." I left Ohartorhouso squuro with a mind full of misgivings. As I entered tho Cheap- side restaurant which Barrows frequented I caught a glimpso of Martin Grain at tho opposite sido of tlio street. Ho was watch ing tlio door of tho restaurant. I did not liko this. Tho porter was plainly waiting for Burrows. What could Burrows want witli him after offieo hours ? Only threo or four moil woro in tlio dining- room when I ontored it. Barrows was sitting in tlu darkest corner with his buck towards mo. I went up to him lightly, und put my bunds on his sliouldors. Ho glunccd round with u violent start. "I have come," I said, trying to appoar at nnao. fni thnf liJtiiilnliiilrn Ho turned ghastly, fumbled with his nupkin, looked at the ground right and left, and finding no way out of tho difficulty gavo mo his hand. I lind no soonor _ touched it than ha smitohcd it away us if miuo was red hot. I took u chair licsido him. "I did not think there wus timo for you to get to Humpstoad and back sinco " said lie, looking into his pinto. " I ! to Humpstoad !" A ohill passed through my whole body. "Yes; to Seven Oak House, with that hundred-pound note for tho govornor." I tried to laugh, hut no sound oinno._ " You seo I received a lottor from him this morning enclosing a ohequo for a hundred, and asking mn to send you out with a ono hundred pound note under cover." He tilted his head and fixed his dark mean oyes on mo. " But " Ho raised his hand for siloneo. "I guess tho huudred ia intended as a wedding and a goodbyo prosont for you. For tlio first timo yon go to tlio hank and got ono note for tho cheque. I seal up the note,' hand it to you, and toll you to tuko it to Mr. Strang ford, Sovon On'lc House, Hnmpstoiid." "You- " "Hush! Tho people will overhear, and if they understand your words you risk arrest on t-lin spot." "Arrest!" " Listen. Yon aro nbout to lenvo Strang ford and Co., and to start for somo plnco whore it might ho difficult to follow yon. Not dreaming that tho monoy is for yonrself, a wedding present for tho son of his old' and beloved friond, you olosc on it, holioving you will ho at sou before tho tlioft 1b dotooted." "You internal " " I advise you not to ninko a disturbance. If yon attract attention the police will lily you by the heels boforo your timo. "Well, you bronk open tho oovcr when you havo put a safe distanco hotweomtyau and tho oflicc, and you change the hundred-pound note at Grcon nnd WheHon's. Thoy givo you eighty in gold and a twciity-pouud note. This twonty you ohnngo ut Hindloy and Gordon's iu Fleet street, buying u handbag und an umbrella for tho lady who is to be your wife." " But tho bag and umbrella " "Aro. now with your landludy, Mrs. Grovor, at your lodgings in Hubort street, Tottenhnm Court road. Thoy wore sont open and in your nmno, so that tho lundludy nuty be ublo to identify them. It is qnito impossible for you to oscapo the conscquonces of your embezzlement." . Barrows rose knocking somo orumbs off his waistcoat, with his feeble transparent bauds. "Willie you woro buying tho bug und umbrella I wroto to Mr. Strangford : ' Dear sir, — I am aorry 1 0911I1I not go to tho hank for tlio cash, as I ''whs vory busy with the , books. I sent Harwood, I handed him tho hundred-pound note scaled up, tolling him to ho careful of tho pnokot, and to deliver it into your own bund, iis-tlio hundred-pound note wus in it. You will have received tho money before this reaohos you. I writo now moroly to let you know that I did not go to tlio bank inysoli.— Yours rospootfiiliy, F. Barrows.' " That lottor I posted us I eamo along lioro. No doubt' tlio polioo will ho in possession of tho faots of your misorublo cuso to-moyrow morning, if not to-night. I do not think I havo yot offered you my oongratnhitions on your appronohing mnrringo to Miss Langloy. Permit mo to do so. : I set motionless, petrified. " Yon woro vory anxious, to olnsp my hand a nouplo of hours ago, und now you soem indifferent to tho privilege. But really, Mr. Hnrwood, I liavo no more than got ovou with you. .1 would bo only too glad to spend a few months, ay, a tow years, in gaol if I oould ho suro of finding so ohnrmltig a lady waiting for mo 011 my release. I wish you a pleasant afternoon." , Ho turned on Mh licol and strode slowly away. I wus bereft of -nil my powers. The uudaaityjfof Burrows's plot overwhelmed ine. I could not bolievo myself awitko and iu my right mind. I looked round rao, half expect ing to hoar 11 shout of laughter uud voices declaring that I lmd been tlio vlotim of a pruotloul jolto. I staggered to my feet and rushod into the street with tho wild hope of overtaking Burrows and oxtrnoting from him 1111 admission that liis whole story wus an inven tion. I felt alternately frantic with con flicting emotions and paralysed by dread. Up and down deserted Ohcupsido I glanced for sight or truce of Barrows. I recognised 110 one. Grain was no lougor visible. Porhaps Barrows had invented tlio duibolio story to frighten mo. Perhaps thut, was his wuy_ of revenging himsolf for tho wrong he tonoicd I lmd done him. Ono pnrt of his statement I could anil would immediately tost. J umping into a hansom, I told the driver to take mo with all speed to Hubert street. I aliglitod at tho door of my lodgings and oponod it with my key. Tho landlady was coming downstairs. "Mrs. Grovor," I eried, " havo any tilings come for mo ?" "Yes, sir; a lady's umbrella and handbag. I put thom in your room." I staggered uguinst tho wall. " There's nothing wrong sir, I liopo? You weren't expecting anything elso ?" "No; thoy nro quite enough!" said I, bitterly. I went back to tho linnsom and drovo to Charterhouse, squaro. It was dark now. Alico Frasor hnd left. I found Tessio ulonn stitching still. Sho laid down hor work. I told hor of my interviow with Barrows and my visit to Iluhort street, winding up with, " You sen tho cvidenco against mo is con clusive. This villain will go into tho witness- box and sivour to his story with tho face of un lionost man. Tho tollur of tho bank and tlio pcoplo who changed tho notes will identify me, and Mrs. Graver will swear to tho bag und umbrella. Oh, what am I to do ? And think of to-morrow !" " "And you woro us far as Hubert stroet, and turned back ?" "Turnod back from where ?" " Turned buck on your wuy to Soven Oak Houso." "Eh?" I oriod. "If I wont there I should como awuy from it in obarge of tho polico." " If you don't go thero at onco nnd givo your vorsion of tho affair, you will certainly iiud yourself iu ehurgo of tho polioo." Distraught I walked up und down tho littlo room. Tossie took up hor work mid resumed her stitching as if nothing particular wus tlio matter. Her calmness maddened me. "Tessio," I cried, pulling up in front of hor, "You trout this uifiiir as a trifling matter. Our marriage, our going to South America, my position, my very liberty, uvo all ut stake. In pity's uumo tell mo what I am to do ?" , " I havo implied already. Go at onco to Sovon Oak Houso. Every minuto you loso is making the danger greater. So suro urn I of this tnat I will not opon my lips to you uguin until you eomo hack from Humnstcad." " But I Hhull ho arrested thoro !" Sho mudo no reply. Sho folded up hor work uud put it awuy. Rising from her chair she straightened tho window ourtains. Sho pushed up tho gnsalior. Sho put tho chair 011 whioii I had heen sitting with its back to tho wall, ignoring my presenco. Sho was pretending I had alroady set off to Mr. Strangford's. She moved nbout us - though nothing of inoro consequence oeoupicd iter mind than getting tho tea. But her hands trembled us bIio touched tho ourtains, and ns sho crossed over tho floor sho stumbled ovor nothing. I wont to her, and winding my arms round her said, "You are right, dearest. I will go at once." I kissed hor, and then' set out for Hmnpstcnd. IVhon I entered tho library of Seven Oak Houso, I found Mr. Strangford, a short, purple-faced, plain-looking buoholor of sixty, Btunding on tlio lieurthrug. Ho scowled ut me. "Nice timo for you, air, to turn up," pull ing outliis watch. " Twenty minutes to soven, and I've boon expecting you since throe. When I hcurd you wore hero now I was 011 tho point of saying I would not sco you.' You liavo been philandering sir, instead of attending to business, as if tlio romnindor of your lite will not ho long enough for the society of tho young'lndy. I wished to see you, sir, not to make any profit out of you, but to toll you I thought vory highly of you, to assure you I wished you well, to say good byo and to make yon a little present. Now for two pins I'd refuse to say goodbyo." Ilis face grow a dccpor pinplo ns ho delivered this spccoh in vchomcnt tones and witli angry gestures. " It. was, I may say, by accident I learned yon wished to see mo," I said, not knowing how to boghi my story. "By accident!" I10 shouted, furiously. " Why, sir, only a tow minutes ago I hud a lotter from Barrows informing me that he lmd givon you a sealed paokot, witli instriiutions to tako it to mo. I presume ho handed you tho pueket heforo tlio offieo shut, that is beforo ' two o'olook, and it's now twenty to sqvon." "Ho did not givo mo any sealed paokot or any instructions to como out hore." Mr. Strangford's mouth foil open, and lie stood glaring ut mo as if ho thought me mud. After u'momciit his mouth oloscil, he drew down his brow and muttered in a tono of perplexity, " I oan't have misroud Burrows's note." lie drew it out of his pookot und mumbled it ovor. As far us I could cutoh tho words it was in effect what Burrows hud repeated. " Why, what do you mean, sir !" Mr. Struiigford eried, savagely. " Road that for yoursolf." Ho flung the note ou the table. \- 1 took it up and ran ray oyo ovor it to gain time. "Woll, sir, isn't that plain? Thoro I" dropping his voice ha said with a sigh, us though ho was tiring of this mutter. ." And now I want an explanation of why you wont phiiundoring for four hours instead of coming here, und I want tho paokot." "So fur from umusing mysolf siiioo I left tho office, I novor spent so unxioiiH .a timo in all my lite." Tlio expression of ungor loft his fueo to bo sucoooded by 0110 of mingled ouriosity und pitin. "Young Hnrwood, I know your doud futlior well and likod him well. Ho wns us straight u man lis breathed." I folt the words wore an imputation on mysolf. ' "Mr. Strangford, may I ask you to holiove that tlio quality of Btrnightnoss is hereditary ? May I ask you for fair play? May I.usk you to hold mo innocont until I am proved guilty?" , " Guilty P Bless my soul, guilty is a big word for suoli a ease! Thoro, don't mind about your boiug a littlo lute. I'm glad to see you ovon now. Young Harwood, I'd ask you to stay for dinner, only considering what is to como off to-morrow, 1 know it would ho a French oompiiment. You nro in a hurry to ho off oron now. 3ivo me tho paokot or lottor, nnd let us ho dono with it." " Will you lot mo toll you what occurred to-duy? I pledge you my word of honour for tho truth of ovory word I Bhull soy." Ho motioned mo to sit down, und dropped into u chair himsolf. I told my tale, omitting Barrow's supposition us to tho purpose for which tlio hundred-pound note wus intended. Wliilo I was spooking Mr. Strangford novor oneo interrupted, novor 01100 moved. When I finished, lie sprang to his feet and began pacing up and down tho room in groat ex- uitomont. You givo me your word of honour for the truth of whut you Bay ?" "Yos." " Woll, I am bound to accept your word of honour. I havo novor yet found ouuso to question your veracity . But a man muy bo mistaken. He may havo heard imperfectly ; ho way have put u wrong construction on words or notions, and wo all know the saying that one story is good until tho otlior is told. I did not know until now that Barrows hnd been an admirer of Miss Laugloy's. This affair mast not stop hore. I suppose you havo no objeotion to submit your vorsion to a test?" "I am willing it Bhould be aubjeotod to ar.y tost." "You liavo been in my employment for fivo yanrs, and I never hnd anything against you. Burrows has boon with mo twelve years, and I novor yot found him out in a lio or a dishonest notion. Ho has a sulky temper, hnt I snpposo" — with a grim smile at his own fiery infirmity — "others of ns have what would not bo cnilod angolic tempers. I can not bolievo Barrows has turned villain iu 11 day ; although, to bo sure, thoro is a woman in tlio caso. However, wo had bettor not go further into tho matter at prosont. My hundred pounds is somowhoro it has no busi ness to be, nnd whoovcr is detaining it shall Rtiffor fltnf T ttrrmiinn vaii " I bowed, and Mr. Strangford continued ; " Barrows, as you no doubt know, lives a few hundred yards further out ou this road. I daresay " — with a hard smilo — "ho soicotcd the neighbourhood thinking tho air would givo him strength for a good berth in tho works ut Burslcm," with a ohucklo. "I'll send tho groom for him. You havo no ob jection to mooting Barrows ?" " I desire nothing moro than to meot him fueo to fueo iu your prosonco." Mr. Strangford rang tho bell and bado tho groom he sent in. "Hoskins," said ho when tho man ap peared, " go to Mr. Barrows und ask him to he good enough to como to mo. You aro not to say Mr. Hurwood is hero." Hoskius loft tho room. Thero was not timo for him to huvo reaohod tho guto when wo heard erics und shouts, und, piercing shrilly through tho liuinun voices, a pohcomun's whistle. Mr. Strangford and I jumped up. Ho hastened out of tho library up tho hull and out iuto tho grounds. I followed at his heels. "Help, help!" cried the voice of a man in physical distress. We shouted und ran out through tho gate way. Twonty yurds further out than Soven Oak Houso we dimly desoried u group iu the middlo of tho road. As well us wo could seo, threo men woro on tho ground, ono quite still, two struggling fiercely, uud u fourth man wus bending over the struggling pair. I hcurd Hoskins, the man on his legs, say, "What is it?" The voieo of one of tho combatants answered, in gusps : ' " I am a — policeman; und — I call ou you — for help to hold this muii." "What is it?" Hoskins repented us he bent low and seized ouo of tho struggling men. "Robbery, nndperhapB murdor!" gasped tho policeman. Mr. Strangford and I ran up. "Don't lot him go," cried tho officer, gotting on his feet, ivhilo Mr. Strangford and I held the prisoner down. . Tho third' pros trate man noircr stirred. He was insensible — or (lead. "I'll givo no trouble," said tho man we wero holding. " Let me get up, uud I'll go quiet." "Hold him tight. Hold him tight, gentlemen," said the policeman. TI1011 lie blew his whistle again. "I'll havo assist ance in less than no time. I heard tho blow. It sounded ns though ho smnshed in tho man's skull, nnd I crept up undor tho wall. I heard tho jinirlc of money. Here are somo of my pals. We can sco what lie's liko now. My own lantern's smashed." Three policemen darted into view. "Show a light hero," said tlio one who had nuido tho capture. A hnllsnya flushed into t.hn face of tho prisoner. Mr. Strangford nnd I uttered cries of astonishment. "Know tlio man, gentlomcn?" asked policomun number one. "Yes," answered Mr. Strangford. " Ho is Martin Grain, my porter in tho city." " I don't think lio'tl do inuch portoriiig for soino timo, Mr. Strangford,". said tho polico- miui, recognising tho govornor in tho light of tlio lantern. " Now lot us liavo a look ut the otlior man. Show a light liore." Tho injured men wus lying prono. The policeman turned him ou his buck. Tho light flashed across his face. "Merciful poivora!" orioil Mr. Strang ford, starting bnok. I could not uttor 11 sound. Amuzoment struck mo dumb. "Know this man too, Mr. Strangford?" "Yes. This is Mr. Frederick Barrows, a olork of mino." "I know him too," said policouiun mimbor 0110\. " Ho lives at Ivy Cottugo, a couple of hundred yurds further out 011 tills road. Is lio dead ? I am afraid it louks liko a hud job for hiin. , Ho's brcuthing, but uut much more." ' ."Tako him into my houso and lot tlio quiokest of you fotcli Dr. Hurrison," suid tho governor. When Dr. Harrison hnd oxamined tho wouuded man ho looked vory grave. Thcro was u had fraoturo of tho skull, and at tho best a considerable timo must clapHO boforo tho putiont oould bu up und ubuut again, and u still longer timo beforo ho would he fit for business. , Noxt morning, as I was about to sot off for '.tho ahumh, Mr. Strangford culled. Barrows had roaorored consciousness during tlio night, and whon ' ho learned that his lite was in dungor ho contossod all. Tortured by gnuwing jealousy arid thirst ing for vongeauee, tlio ubseiico of Mr. Struiig ford from tlio uity ou Sutiirdsy, uud tlio possession of Mr. Stuugford's cheque, togctlior with tlio oiroumstaneos connected with tlio cheque uud my approaching emigra tion, seemed to liavo put tho means for my ruiu in his bunds, uud ho desiguod a plot whioh ho boliovcd would onsuro my destruc tion. By u series of oeeurronocs whioh I10 could not havo foreseen, tho weapons whioh I10 had takon up for annihilation nud turned against his own bosom. It was tho caso of the biter hit. . As soon us Mr. Strangford hnd finished his recital of tlio unhappy Burrows's history, lio said, "Wlion do you propose going aboard, to morrow ?" "At threo," I nnsworod. . . " Vory good. I want a fow minutes with you on business, so I'll look in at noon. And now,!' he added, rising, " it's timo for you to sturt. It won't do to keep tlio brido waiting. As I am here, Hurwood, I should like, to see tlio coremony, thut is, if you huvo no objeo tion." Tho sky was dry nnd olear, woather .in strong contrast to tlmt of yestorduy. Tho ehuroli was duly 0110 street off, so Ml'. Strang ford, Ned Brewster (iny best man), and I walked to tho pluoo of my last assignation with Tossio Langloy. and in less than un hour. Tossio Langley iiud censed to oxist. Mr. Strangford nud shaken hands with ns and turned his fueo towards his own homo, and Mrs. Tessio Hurwood nnd I, sho with my. round gold ring on hor fingor, wero driving to my lodgings. At noon on tho morrow Mr. Strangford eamo. After somo general conversation, ho 1 . : . broaohed tho matter in his mind, .fie sail that carrying on the firm's London business would bo next to impossible if he were de prived of his two clerks and his porter at tha samo timo. Could not I abandon my in tention of loaving the oountry and stand hy ; him in his difficulty ? If I did, be would muko my position bettor than tho one I was j going to in Brazil, and pay any penalty that ' might bo imposed upon mo for broaoh of engagement. After nn hour's canvassing of tho offer, TcbsIo and I made up our minas to stay, in Englund, and in England wo havo Btuy'ed over since. It appeared that on that momorable Satur day the sight and sound of tho gold in tho possession of a puny man like Barrown tempted Murtin Grain beyond bis feoblo moral strength, already weakened by previoue lapses from rectitude. Ho dogged tho senior olerk tlmt wholo afternoon, and nttaoked him with 11 lito-prcsorvor at tho loneliost part of Burrows's homoward way. Grain was tried und found guilty, and two previous convic tions having been shown against him, ho was sentenced to a long period of imprison ment. No proceedings wero taken eithor by Mr. Strangford or mysolf against Barrows. He returned tho hundred pounds to Mr. Strang ford, making up out of his own pocket a tew pounds that had been lost in tho souffle between him nnd Grain on the road. Boyond making that lust Saturday of Novombor the day of my greatest excitement und fcurs, he hud dono mo 110 harm. Then ho hud suffered so terribly at the hands of Grain that Mr. Strangford and I agreed to let him off with whut 110 lmd got. Ho hud a long illness nnd eonvulcsconco, and when I10 was fit for work again, by a strnngo turn of fortune I was ahlo to secure for him tho vory situation in Rio do Janeiro which I10 was the cause of my not ocoupying. I got tho hundred pounds from Mr. Strangford, and with it Tessio und I bought furniture for our modest little homo. It is fivo years sinco that anxious Novombor day. I lrnvo never sinco regretted stuying in the old country. I um still with Strangford and Co. Mr. Jacob Strangford has determined to, rotiro next year, when ho does I am to got tho management of tho London house and II partnership. If I um to judgo of other partnerships by my experience of one beguu 011 tho last Sunday of November fivo years ago, my business futuro is stiro to be as satis factory as any man could wish for, und moro satisfactory than any man could deserve. 