Members of Trloudly soctotlcH every where will watch with Interest the movement maile sit RrunHwick for the purpose of nMidJuKllnj? the terms on which local medical men serve the dis- trict iKJUeflt orders. It wus said nt the conference, last evening, that the sum of LI 100 a year Is paid in medical fees at RrtuiKwIek by hocIoUch the bencllt nieiuliers of which arc, for the most part, small wuge-eaniers. The money is at present divided over many doctors, anil, in return, there Is atteiuiance given to 3000 mem bers, aud (If they have miy) their families, Tlio.su promoliug the new movement are of opinion that their money would iki better employed In securing llie exclusive service of two doctors, at, say, .1,500 a year each, than It Is by dividing the total up, ami get ting the partial services of what we may as well call an Indellnlte number of doctors, for it is not a dltiicult thing for any medical mau to have himself placed on a Ilst of hxlge surgeons. Ellher course easily (lenionslmtes the imper fection of human expedients, us there are advantages and disadvantages in luluptlng either. The only thing hi which we are entitled to look for absolute perfcctiou is the Iederation Bill! If llie lodges get two men's exclusive services, not only is there given a better nssiirance than exists at present that u due ullcntlmi will Ih paid to thoste who fall sick, but a new possiliiiity Is created, 'llie lodge doctors might he in vilcd to iinderotaiid tiiat they would nerve the members best of all by acting as household advisers, and keeping die iwoplc under ttiulr care well. Prevention is better than cure. If their main pur pose were to prevent disease, the beno- llclal elTecL of the doctors' work on the sick funds of the lodges would soon be felt. Furthermore, the ex clusive employment of a couple of inetlleal men, at a fair salary, would negative the statements of lho3o who say that the lodges "sweat" their doc tors. On the other hnud, the adoption or the proposal made lust evening would j mean that'tlie choice of members, and j —more Important still— members' wives, j, Instead of being exeixdsable in resp?cl ! to a considerable number of dociors, would be limited to two. It is an In teresting and Important question. What I do Hie doctors— wlui have -a point of view— suy nlKJUt ItV Another promising "ghost" seems to have "gone wrong"— or whatever the proper term Is U> indicate u mxi-fuifd- meat of eerie expectations. A "pwm- llarly colored llglit" bus been "sweep ing acroa4 the paddocks at a terrltic puce" n t Cororooke, in the Cokuf dis trict.. The dread Thing is said to have described "most erratic courses," and to have terrified the whole anhmti life, human and brute, in that lovely dis trict. We fnuikiy admit Out! ghosts do not usually carry on iu tlw way des cribed. Most ghosts you meet tire wont to "swiftly slide," and both the ; pace and conduct of the CcrortrOkc . visitor wen suspicious. Five daring inen undertook to lay this Unqulit Spirit mid appear to hnvi? succeeded. They found it to he n large binl— ap parently li tame one— with ii Chinese lantern nttxiefced to IL We slutl! bo glad to read yarly Unit the jiersoii re sponsible for these pyrotechnics has heirii placiHl under the local pump and | then scourged witli dlsh-clotitn. What now uliout the luminous apparition at LllleurV , We a,ppe»r to luive Imhri In spired wheu'sn'ying ir l'ew days ago thiit salt was wanted for that ghost's tall. .'it Is lilting Ituit a foremost eHcketcr, ijf one of llie greatest cricketing couu- i lies of ISfighutiJ sliouhl undertake tlm I advocacy of a reform in the, .arrange-' inenl and conduct of iiitenuitloimi test iaatclies in llu; old country . Lord Ihiwke, the captain of'Mbe Yorkshire eleven, Is not only a prominent, and prac- 1 Ileal cricketer, but Is uulveiKtlly es- 1 tceincil nsageiiuinetitHirtsuuiii. ' When j hu pro|»osus tluit test juatches played In Kngiuml should be arrauged by, and be under the supervision of, the Mnryle- Inme Club, It may lie Hiifely ncceptcd us a fact tluit tliere are substantial argu ments In favor of tile alteration. On tho face of It, there Is unUilug hut couiuioii sensi! Ui thu pnijioslUtni tluit when irn- Uoual supremacy lu a national pas time is at stake, the array of forces and the selection of the scenes of liatlle should bo left to Die uutlounl council of the game, which, Iu Kngliuul, is Uie SIar>icl>one Club. In Australia the Crbiiel Council lias not beep u success, probably because It has uoL sufllcleut l>ower. The MiiO'ltHiiie Club Is supreme In cricketing matters la the old country, und may bo safely trusted toinake the best selectlou uud the tiest unnuigemeut of niatelies. Ill any case, the next Aus- trallon Eleven will \w confronUal by the , Htrongest coniblnntloiiH Kugland has ever placed In thu field, for no elTorl will | bo spared to avenge the defeat of Stud- 1 dart's Dauiu The Austiuibus, tbcn.'fore, must 1m: the best men we can wwl, iuid lo guard agjUast accidents, there should not |m; less than fourteen of them. When out here, Stoddart hiul hitter cause for regret that ho had not a fourteenth man. A filed stage iu the Arthur Orion phase of the; Ticbbome drama was reached last montii when the remains of the Clalmaut were placed ill Uielr last resting place. a "Hendd" para- gniph has already stiued that tin? collln pL'ite Iwry tlm inscription "Sir Roger Tlehborne." 'Jljnt there were at tiie end some who still believed in the notorious Claimant tlm following ac count of the scene In the cemetery indi cates:— Among those present moot were there from pure curiosity, but among the mld- dle-ugetj und the old were a. few who strongly held that the man was a bare- net, to whom justice had been denied. The feelings of two old fellows would not be denied, and they quickly had nn audience. "People talk about Arthur Orton," said one, "and they don't know nothing. This here friend of mine knowed the whole Orton family, ' and not one of 'em had half the brains of him us you cull Uie Claimant." "That they hadn't," assented the friend. "They was ignonimuses," pursued the first speaker. ' "Talk about Arthur Orton. He was a cannibal. Jle wus a worse cxtnnlbal than you could get In FIJI. This man what's died he muyliavebeenun Im porter, and lie mayn't— I'm not saying— but he was a shrewd fellow, lie wus." Then another old man, one apparently In good position, chimed In with the re mark that "the Ciuimant had not had Justice." "Of course ho hadn't," said the friend of tho whole Orton family, "how could he? Tliere was it quarter of a million to prosecute him with, und no money on the other side. Aye, and Gladstone wus at the bottom of It all." The last assertion being receivcd/doubt- fully, the old fellow who had made it udded, "Well, he wus the head of the Go vernment, and could do wtuit he liked. Ho now." Looking at ills companions, und finding Lhern dumb, Uie old boy thrust both hands into his pockets and smoked ills short clay %plpc .triumph antly. Who will say, after this, that men are of little faith lu these practical times! 