The Editor invites contributions to this column, Accepted paragraphs vl!| be Paid for at usual rates. 'I'n kki: is an average of 25,000,000 cigars and >V),000,01 IK cigarettes smoked in Victoria yearly. IT is hinted tliat Tasmania is looking abroad for a Chief Justice, ami J5. K. Wise, the Kydney lawvei' and politician, has a big chance of gelling the appointment. MAOKILAND is promised another lady lawyer. JMIHS Stella Henderson, M.A., who has just passed the Bachelor of Laws exam., threatens to set up biz in ilie Jinwiiv city. PKNNVI'ATJIKK, temporarily appoint ed to the New Zealand lieiich, is likely to prove a permanent fixture. Mr. .Justice Williams, who takes a year's holiday, has been on the Bench years, and will likely retire when he returns from : Ome. J'IIKMIKK KINGSTON, in spile of his size and his bli.fl manner, is of all prominent Australian politicians the easiest cajoled bv blarney. Says a !S.A. Oppositionist ; " You can frighten Kingston into nothing ; you could flatter him into (iehenna Cimcr JrsTicv WAY, of Adelaide, is as Jongwinded in his sentences as our own White Kuight, which provoked the complaint from a personage at a re'jent social function : " Are we criminals that he should impose these long sentences up on us?" A itKf'ENTi.v - DII'LOMAKI) Collins-street doctor hail the other day to write his first certificate of death. His wording of it was not particularly happy, it ran thus:—"This is to certify thai I attended .Mrs. in her last illness, and that she died in consequence thereof,'"' Tin-: member for West Melbourne signs himself W. Malonev, which has been expanded into "Water-cure" Malonev. Aproiios of this, if was years ago predicted that the Utile Doctor would lie member for West Melbourne, by a prophet who pointed out that the first four letters of his initial and name, W.M.A.L., could be tilled out into " William Maloney, West Melbourne, member Legislative Assembly."' The tip, strange and sad to say, came oil'! TnKin; is a lady in Melbourne who, for absentmindedness, has no living eijual. The other day, when sitting in her own drawingroom with a visitor, she rang for a servant, and said: "If Mrs. (giving the name of the lady visitor sitting opposite her) " calls to-day, remember I am not at home. THE He V. A. Turnbull prides himself on being the only clergyman in Melbourne opposed to Federation. Says he: "The recognition of the Almighty God in the Hill is a piece of duplicity." It is reassuring to know, on Mr. Turnbull's authority, that there is one righteous mail in Melbourne—his name is Turnbull. PUNCH is glad to learn that in selecting recruits for the new (Scotch regiment an applicant will 1)3 refused admission if he cannot exhibit a decent calf. This is as it should be ; a regiment of spindleshanked, duck-footed recruits in kilts would be an insult to herring—"caller herring"—on which so many braw Scots are fed. No standard size for legs has yet been set, but it is well understood that for the credit of Old Scotland the regiment-is nev?r to be without visible (very vis'b'.i) means of support. HONK HKKK, M.H.R., who was lately instrumental in inducing the Maori rebels to desist from bloodshed when the troops were on the march against them, is the chief of the tribe, and has immense influence over the natives in that part of the country. He rode day and night to reach the disaffected natives in time, and now stands out as the hero of the whole affair. Hone Heke is a very young man ; tall, of pleasing appearance; always smiling ; fashionably nressed, and lias a passionate love for horse-racing. He is seldom seen way back in the wilds where he has just shone so conspicuously, but his name there commands respect. THE spread of civilisation! A Queensland aboriginal has interviewed his confidential family solicitor with a view to obtaining a divorce froin his faithless " Mary." Co-respondent is a Kanaka. EENSLAND has tliree judges who stand over six feet in their boots. Queensland has also in Judge Cooper the most " splendacious '' judicial dude iu Australia. Ax insurance man tells of a city man—not a Melbournian—who has insured the life of his cook for a very large sum. " When she goes it will take a lot to console me," he said. FRANCE'S attitude towards America, may realise Emerson's great desire—the desire that his country would be more self-contained, that his people would not rush off to Paris as soon as they got hold of a little money. His cry was : "Can we never extract this tapeworm of Europe from the brain of our countrymen ?" A GERMAN chemist has made the discovery that alcohol is one of the bye-products that can lie obtained from coke-oven gases. But this is a clumsy and expensive method compared with others much .more direct. For instance, the breath of well-seasoned topers is far more readily obtainable. It could be collected at the hospitals and lock-up, and, if carefully distilled, would produce enormous quantities of raw alcohol suitable for chemical purposes. There is real scope here for an inventive genius to exercise his faculties. ALTHOUGH Labour Leader Treuwith has been for years in Parliament as Lygon-street represen- Utive-in-chief, he has consistently refused to be bound down to the party's pledge, which he has invariably refused to sign. His reason was that signing the platform would be to tacitly admit that his sincerity was properly doubted. On the other hand, his refusal was construed as evidence of insincerity on his part, and the never-forgotten incident accounts to some extent for the bitterness with which Trenwith is now pursued by his onetime ardent adherents. JUSTICE HOOD made what strikes us as a most erroneous point in addressing the jury on the peculiar Hobby bigamy case. His Honour believed that Hobby was not drunk when he married the girl. "Is this the signature of a drunken man?" he asked. The signature was evenly written, and did not resemble the promenade of an inky fly across the document. Evidently Judge Hood has not had much experience of a character that would justify linn in posing as an authority on the caligraphy of boozy men. Had he served a few years in journalism, lie would know that there are those who can write firmly and legibly when stocked so full of whiskey that they do not know an office cat from a blue griffin ; whilst others, after half-adozen nobblers, produce a sign.ture that looks like nothing but a drawing of a dog- leg fence covered with black cats. Miss ETHEL I'„. barrister, has becom,. '^J™. writing to the pre ^ effusion on worn,,,/, have a right to sit -. tfi ,lHS, *«ffiwhen the law perm l;. it^**- Mi*]^ it also by thesamea il, „ 2? l ^ S to sit on the bene)) • • * 11 practice in New Zwd .-'f 1 ftv *'Jiar : U fair Ethel, "their : "' • Seven ,I • V"-' 1 ' beingap poi.,te<U^i if in time any of oiV u, imtn fcZr-Kr' selves worthy of -li^^P^. New Zealand will , 'function, ji appoint some proud Bravo! '' "«»* tafeeV 'Mnamaji^ • THEY have a ghnsi spook that has gtnvi( ' ^ywa. the most W- described as a "bodi country so glides over the ground • 01 sha<Wv W light" is good. Th.- miW rapid " .Smeaton was haunt, .' | 1V , 'r"™"* this Avoca ghost. Tin/slU,''*^ appear upon the wid, ^ ^ Ef facing the township, and ^arwl 1 fits. It was often Ucn at twelve at night, and o ^ s i S S for. miles round. Parti- Wl.„ ' 6 • ® the goblin, but it n,n-;,\ e S hunters were on tho warpath A, captured by an intrepid vouV exhibited m a darkened room auhm^ TheSmeatoughostwa.a lai-g, L'Jffg with phosphorus. l'rvrna,ivi Sn fitheAv^ to hunt their .goblin with a hunch of ^ FREDERICK REAVER, of Kenmg, HA, mw ; for the common hog oi commei cc than fc have. Frederick attacked a ttranm h® met in the bush, taking it f or a Imdl hog that was defeuecle.ss and alone | j0 t j t on him and, being three feet high.it tte fitted with tusks like a mastodon, be™, tr, all his clothes oil' and prud hole? in hie s At this stage Reaper's dog distracted V hanging on to his tail and chewiug; ihen began to chase the dog. and the dog, ret® 1 grip, chii«cd"ilic hog ; so,. lca\\-ing lJi'em to enjoyment of their cimit,, Frederick Keaper to the nearest- hospital, when; he is nor refitted and recovered. The moral of all Never monkey with a strange, raxcr-basi,' toothed hog when you meet him alone in t" or you may find him au awful hoar, asilr, did. MAYOR MSJPAOHARSIP making his , uu upon the City-Council, vjtli the result ancient institution Is getting up af«r?ehak" and opening its eyes to tbe necessities of the In undertaking to doal with the th diphtheria epidemic by the gratuitous! anti-toxin, the Council is accepting a res; which a few months back it would have" entirely outside its province. The a municipal council," like the provincecS ment, is very hard 10 define, although !i» glibly used. In fact., the province of a city is as wide as the needs of the ratepayers, be as narrow as the narrowest iniud could But no narrow body ever won tbe i people, and narrowness and stupidity term Alderman one of derision for years, a new order coming, however. Councils in and elsewhere have demonstrated that fathers need not necessarily confine their the sweeping of gutters: and the ?piril Glasgow councillors is making itself felt Melbourne, where tiie ciiy fathers, ia recently, gave no indication of everinr t le old rut. JUDGING BY EXPERIENCE. Visitor.—" DID YOU SEE THAT ASTONISHING BROABRR CASE IN THE TAPEES ? THE WOMAN, 11' APPFAE^, MARRIED THE MAN FOR BKYENGT," Mr. N. Peck (Jointly).—"Do THEY EVEB ITAREY J EM FOR ANYTHING EI.SE?" 