A BURIAL OF BOGEYS. I ? If Mr. Reid, in his Goiilburn speech, did not show himself to be ah enthnsias tic federalist, at least he did somo small service to the cause by finally disposing of several bogeys with which -the anti federalists, during the last electors', have been _ t r y mfu t r eadyb e e n effectually ?iTJt\?f'by tbe simple process of confronting ' them with the ? bill ; but the anti federalists were making frantic efforts to resuscitate them until Mr. Reid per formed the last friendly offices by de cently interring them. One of these wap : the bounty bogey, of which the Sydney Daily Telegraph had said that ' New South Wales will pay a larger amount of the Victorian bounties than Victoria herself. Victoria is arranging to take ... every advantage of these ' provisions.' These statements were proved - to be absolutely untrue, firstly by the produc tion of the bounty clauses of the consti tution, and secondly by an explicit denial from Sir George Turner,- and the matter is dismissed by Mr. Reid in these words : — ' If some of our friends in the other colonies were as capable as I know them to be incapable of trying to take any advantage of us in this way, their common sense would tell them that we still have an opportunity, even after tho bill has been assented to by the people, of declining their closer acquaintance.' Then- there was the bogey that after five years, ' wheri the book-keeping system came to an end, the other states, in their character as ' wolves,' would scramble tip for the New South Wales surplus. On that point Mr. Reid is equally emphatic. He says : ' I regret to notice ' that ' one of the members of tbe convention is reported to have said that after seven years, there -would be a ficratable for the surplus. 'There was a clear understanding, in the convention that) the return to thp sbatps. should be ''absolutely on the principle of- the money contributed by the respective states. The only reason that these ' vague terms were used . in the bill was this :? Sir George Turner strongly advocated in the finance committee that we should pro vide at once that at the end of the seven yearBthe distribution shouldboper capita, that is to say, according to the popula tion. The only reason that was not adopted was because we thought it pos aible that at the end of the fire years the facta as ascertained would show that fuch a distribution might not bo fair. We therefore left it over. We decided not to distribute per capita, not in order that New. South Wales should bo plun dered, but in order that the federation should give back to each colony every penny of the surplus it was entitled to. On this Question I think that the people of Australia have sufficient confidence in the honesty of their representatives to believe that no such thing will take place.' Then there waB the military bogey, that 'New South Wales must pay exorbitantly to provide the other states with military defence.' It was pbo-wu, in. anBwer to this, that New South Wales would pay her share of military expenditure in proportion to population ; and Mr. Reid adds : ' A great deal of strong language has been used regarding the amount which must be spant by the Federal Government under the head of defence ; bub no one can tell what the Federal Treasurer will spend, or what the Federal Parliament will rote. All that we can do is to assume that the expenditure will be on a reasonable basis. 'Remember this, too, that each colony, excepting ourselves, lias an overwhelming iniereab in getting back as much of its revenue as it can, and that facb will form one of the strongest safeguards against federal extravagance.' Of these bogeys then, we shall hear no more ; but it is instructive to look back ab their history. A ghost, if enquired ioto, ia usually capable of explanation ; and these ghosts are no exception. The anti-federalists, finding thab their attack on the principles of the bill was nob making headway, started a marauding expedition againBb its details, in the hope of getting the public to believe thab the' bill was carelessly, and eron dishonestly framed, leaving loop-holes for all kinds of abuse. These tactics have failed signally \ we are .now free from the bogey nuisance; and. our attention is concentrated again,' -as ib should-be, on the main principles of bbe constitution. 