Cornish Legends. . At a Temóte comer of the British Isles a narro\ peninsula juts into the the; stormy western sea Cornwall was well named In ita , own anclen tongue, "tho land'of the horned coast," for its iroi cliffs, with their outposts of long reefs running sea uranie, stand resolutely against the march of th devouring Atlantic. It ,Is the country, of a peopl of ancient origin, for lt was the last refuge of th ilefeated Celtic tribes'of Ancient Britain. In thi "ultima Thule" they made their final stand agalns the invading Saxon, and there for/.many" genera tions they lived, differing In language and customi from the modern English so late as the early par of tho nineteenth century." Even to- day there li a strongly marked contrast between the Cornlsl peasant and his immediate neighbor east of thi .Tamar, but the language which so long kept thi advancing waves of clvlJSs^itlön', as the granit* rocks withstand the'Atlantjci-has now disappearec from among Hying tongues" Only a strange dia lect, with many queeriwprds that^puzzle the "fur, rin" tourist, still remains. This old language was more akin to Breton than iWelsh, and probably old er than either. With lt many legends and super stitions have died out, .bint some remain to this day Besides the history of the Britten champion, King Arthur, there Is a vast folk-lore, sometimes qualnl and humorous, often ghastly and horrible. Saints ami devils, giants and dwarfs; spectre ships, which sail across the land through the dusky twilight; demon hounds, whose cry ia heard on lonely moors at midnight; mermaids, whose so-ng mingles with the roar of the breakers-all'these figure in the countryside tales. ' ' - , . Nat tho least fascinating group of stojries is that which tells of the "Small People in Greffen," whose name it is still considered it ls unlucky to mention moro directly. Cornish fairies have distinct char acteristics., They are of a wilder, .often more malignant, disposition, and possess distinctive names. Their-three, chief classes are the Piskies, the Sprlggans, and the Buceas or Knockers. The Plskiea are the last survivors of a prehistoric race which inhabited the land in ages, so remote thai all traces,of their real name or. origin have long since been lost. In the course of 'centuries theji have gradually shrunk bath in size and numbers, urotil at the present day. few remain, and those are fast changing to mulyans (ants), and will shortly vanish completely from the earth. 'They are a gay, cheerful race, often, performing »'kindly acts towards mortals,for whom they take à fancy, bul sometimes mischievous. Their gardens may ofter be seen in nooks" and crannies of the great. Cornish cliffs. By day these are known by. their soft, emerald turf, though they appear to produce onls sea-pinks and samphire, with perhaps a sprinkling of red or yellow toad- stools. But on moonlit mid summer nights all this is changed/ The Httk gardens aire filled with flowers more beautiful thai any which grow by mortal husbandry, and theil scent, floating out aereas the charmed waves, reaches ships far out at sea. Ravishing strains ol plsky music may also be heards and little colored lights be seen on the face of ; the cliff, in placee inaccessible to a human' foot. Pisk'ies wdllnevei désert any mortal they chance to favor, and wir do many a good turn for such a one, though-theil friend may wander far away from the. kindly Wesl Country to foreign lands or .crowded cities; . Sprlggans are a m^clous tribe of sprites. Thes are the ghosts of the^gíautít who once, dwelt , in tht land, and they haunt, rc^lo, c^ne^-colts, crom lechs, barrows, and~£l«tèe . stoneâàôn íhe loñelj moors.. Their wrath f^ilé upon anyone darin? cnough'^to meddle with ti)çetei'pPoperty,\a;iwianiini 'vbich may be oommehd^È^o;thé?notice .of .thos< Interested- in archaeological research/-The /Sprig gana have. also, charge of all .buried 'treasures. I :s they who by night ride burses to death aid twis elf-knots- - in their manes;vwhile aa Wiilwj'-the W'isp, these. malignant sgrites.^telead'.'f'únwan travellers .by false lights¿;.1\£|Ió\^g^£1...in¿ order t< be proof .against their enohantmehis, -nothing mer« ls necessary than for the béwlíderedfwanderer tx turn his coat,v'.or any other garment, inside out when their power over him will cease. They cai also cause storms, fogs, and bad weather. A thirc class of imps are the Buceas or Knockers. Thea« lurk in the gloomy depths of tin or copper mines where the belated or solitary miner hears the tai of their ghostly pickaxes. ThJs is a satisfactory sound, for where, the Knockers work the ore ic always plentiful, and of excellent quality. Some times they will do a kindness to a mortal tinner who WD3 worked side by side with them for years unless he does anything which chances to hurl their sensitive feelings. Then- their vengeanc« will be swift and sudden. There are many wayi to which tho Knockers can cause-accidents to hap pen in the deep mines, some of which run far oui under the sea. These Buceas are the souls of Jew ish slaves formerly sent by the Carthaginians ' tc work In the Cornish mines. . Because of their ne farious practices as tinners their spirits are nol pormitted to rest, and they must work under ground as they did in life, until the end > of ai things. ' ..' . - One of the many quaint legends "concern lng th( Devil, relates the reason, why his. Satanic Majestj never entered Cornwall. Qn the other hand, s: many places are called after him that it seems probable he must occasionally pay the county e visit. It was on account; of a universali habit which Cornish people stiir have, cf making every - tiling into pies and pasties, and the story fices that one evening leng ago the Devil had taken pne ni his customary strolls r. und his snug little, farm, thc Earth, to.see how his crops went on. , He had buen- busy in. Devonshire, so walked across Dart mi cr to rest himself, population being abs-lutely ni/'in. that, wild region. - On the summit cf ,Vcs Tor, a lofty peak overlooking the Cornish country, hs sat down on à rock. ' The salt wind blew kéeü over the narrow land from the North Sea to the south; Satan shivered, and tucked his tail round his cloven hoofs, for the evenings were getting chilly, and he was accustomed to a warm climate, Theu he turned himself to'survey C?. ru wall" from hts high cciga»cf vantage.. Telescopes ha'd.notVet bJOH invented, but that was cf no importance tc the Devil. He who' can detect every weak, point in a human heart did riot need glasses to sec through -the rugged granite masses of the Cornish mountains, Rowtcracd Brown Willey, which rcs« before'him a few miles away. At the first glance the country seemed a pleasant one, and a profit able, for it was well peopled iii these days, and by folks with'no less original sin than their neigh bors. But as he watched their occupations* he wus struck by the fact that they made everything iuto- pies; There was rooky pie, herby pie, ccnget .,a,U(l ,tatie pastry, stargàzey pie, wlth..the-heads ci pilchards.sticking up through the crust. His Sa tanic Majesty grew thoughtful; he was hali afraid to risk himself among a people possessed ol this strango mania. What If they took a fancy to' "deyily pie?" The Idea was alarming;.he felt he could not bé spared. What would become of the world without him? He shook/his head regret-' fully and turned away' Crossing*'Chärimere Bog Iii a single stride, he returned to Devon as the shades of night were falling. That is the true history why the Devil never came Into Cqrnwall. i ... ?-- -?- ' '_,_ . 