Sermon. The Riches of Christ. Br the Late Rev. C. H. Spubqeoit. Unto me, who am leas than the least ot all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ.—Ephcsians iii. 6. The apostle Paul felt it a great privilege to be allowed to preach the gospel. He did not look upon his calling as a drudgery or a servitude, but lie entered upon it with intense . delight. All God's truly - sent servants have experienced much delight in thedeclaration of the gospel oi Jesus; and it is natural that they should, for their message is one of mercy and love. "When Dr. Carey was labouring in India, and his son Felix had accepted the office of am bassador to the King of Burraab, Carey said, | "Felix has drivelled into au am bassador "—as he looked upon the highest earthly office as an utter de gradation- if for it the minister of the Gospel forsook his lofty vocation. Paul blesses God that this great grace was given to him, that he might preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ; he looked upon it, not as toil, but as a grace. He was never perplexed as to the subject of his ministry. I do not find the apostle in all his writings proposing to himself the question, "What shall I preach?" * No, my brethren; he had been taught in the college of Christ, and had thoroughly learned his one subject, so that, preferring it beyond all else, he said, with solemn decision, "I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and Him'crucified." irom his first sermon to his last, wbeu he laid down his uock upon the block to seal his testi mony with his blood, Paul preached Christ, tinfl nothing but Christ. Ho lifted up the cross, and extolled the Son of God, who bled thereon. His one and only calling here below was to cry, "Behold the Lamb! Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the wprld!" 1\. First, the glorious Person of the text. The Lord "Jesus Christ was the first promise of God to the sons of men after the fall. When our first parents had been banished from the garden, all was dark before them. There was not a star to gild the cheerier . midnight of their guilty and despairing I souls until their God. J *""1 them, and said in mercy, "The Seed of the woman shall bruise the serpent's I head." Seek ye Him ! Behold, in Bethle hem^ manger Emmanuel is born—God is with us. Before your eyes He lies who was both the Son of Mary and the Sou of the Blessed; an infant, and yet infinite; of a span loug, and yet filling all eternity; wrapped in swaddling bands, and yet too great for space to hold Him. Thirty and more years He lived on earth; the latter part of His life was spent in a minislry full of suffering to Himself, but fraught with good toothers. " We beheld His glory, the glory as of the Only-begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth." Never man spake" like that Han. He was a man on fire with love. He was seized by His enemies, one night when wrestling in prayer, be trayed by the man who had eaten bread with Him; He was dragged before tribunal after tribunal through that long and sorrowful night, and wrongfully accused of blasphemy and sedition. They scourged Him ; though none of His works deserved a blow, yet the plonghers made deep furrows on His back. They mocked Him; though He merited the homage of all intelligent beings, yet thoy spat in His face, and smote Him with their mailed fists, and said, "Prophesy, who is he that smote Thee?" He was made lower than a slave; even the abject* opened their mouths with laughter at Him, and the slaves scoffed at him. To end the scene, they took Him through the streets of the Jerusalem over which He had wept; they honuded Him along the Via Dolorosa, out through the gate to the mount of doom, and tbey drove the cruel iron through His hands and feet! Can you bear to see the spectacle of blood and anguish us they lift Him up between heaven and earth, made a sacrifice for the sin of His people ? He bleeds, He thirsts, He groans, He cries; at last He dies —a death whose unknown griefs are not to be imagined, and which, were they known, wonld be beyoiid expression by human tongue. Now, it was the history of tbecrucifixion which , Paul delighted to preach—Christ crucified i was his theme—this old, *old story which ye have heard from your childhood, the wtory of the Son of God, who loved us and gave Him self for us. Ye all know that our Lord, after He had been taken down from the cross and laid in the tomb, remained thtre but a few short hours, and then on the third day rose again from the dead ; the same, yet not the same—a Man, but no more despised and re jected. He communed with His servants in a familiar and yet glorious manner for forty days, and cheered and comforted their hearts, ana then, from the top of Olivet, in the sight of the company, He ascended to His Father's throne. Follow Him with your hearts if ye cannot with your eyes, and see Him by faith. 2\. Secondly, Paul preached the unsearch able riches of Christ. Paul bad no stinted Saviour to present to a few, no narrow hearted Christ to be the head of a clique, no weak Redeemer who could pardon only those little offenders who scarcely needed it, but preached a great Saviour to the great mosses—a great Saviour to-great sinners ; he preached the Conqueror with dyed I garments, travelling in tne greatness of His ' strength, whose name is " Mighty to Save." Let as inquire in what respects wo may ascribe, to our Lord Jesus the • possession of' unsearchable riches.? Our answer is,'first, He haw uinscarchirfjle riches ; of love; to sinners as tiicy are, Jesus so loves men. that we can only use the " so," -but wo cannot find tho word to match with it. In the French revolution there was a young man condemned to the guillotine^ and shut up in one of the prisons. He was greatly loved-by many, but there was one who 'loved him more than all put together. How know we this ? It was his own father ; and the love he bore his son was proved in this way: When the lists were called,-the father, whose name was exactly the same as his son's, answered to the name, and the father rode in the gloomy tumbril out to the place of execu tion, and his head rolled beneath the axo instead of his son's—a victim to mighty love. See here an image of the love of Christ to sinners; for thus Jesus died for the un godly, viewed as such. If they had not been ungodly, neither they nor He needed to have died; if they had not sinned, there would have been no need for a suffering Saviour; but Jesus proved His boundless love "in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Your name was in tho condemned li«t, my fellow-sinner; but if you believe in Jesus your namo is there no longer, for Christ's name is pat in your stead, and you shall learn that He suffered for you, the Just for the unjust, that He might bring you to God. Is not this the greatest wonder of divine love, that it should be set upon us as sinners ? I can understand God's loving reformed sinners and repenting sinners; but here ia the glory of it: " God commendeth His love towards us, in that, while wo were yet sinners—yet sinners!—Christ died for us.'' Oh, I pray that this boundless wealth of love on the part of Jesus to those who were rebels and enemies may win your hearts to love tho heavenly Lover in return. In the next place, Jesus has riches of pardon for thoso who repent of their sins. My Lord Je3us, by His death, has become immensely rich in pardoning power. If thou desirest pardon, sinner, thero is no reason why thou shouidst not have it, and have it now. The blood of Christ can wash our blasphemy, adultery, fornication, lying, slander, perjury, theft, murder. Though thou hast raked in the very kennels of hell till thou bast blackened thyself to tho oolour of a devil, yet if thon wilt como to Christ and ask mercy, He will absolve thee from all sin. Do but wash in the bath which He has filled with blood, and " though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shalTbe as wool." Again, Christ hag riches of comfort for all that mourn. "What is the cause of your weeping ? Is it your sin f Christ has a handkerchief that can wipe away such tears. - He can blot out your sins like a clond, and like a thick cloud your iniquities. Do bat come to Him, and your deepest sorrow shall disappear beneath His sympathetic love. Are you sorrowful because you have lost a friend ? He will be a friend to you. Have you been deceived and betrayed ? My Master can meet that craving of your nature after friendship and sympathy. Confide in Him, and Ho will never forsake you. Oh I I cannot tell you how rich He is in consolation, but the Holy Ghost can tell you. If yon do bnt got Jesus, you shall find, as Bernard used to say, that He is " honey to tho mouth, musio to the car, and heaven to the heart." Win Christ, and; you shall want nothing beyond Him; lay bold of Him, and you shall say with the apostle, " I hare learned in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content," for Ho hath said, "I will never1 leave thee nor forsake thee." My Master has riches of happiness to bestow upon yon. I have had more joy in half an hoar's com munion with Christ than I have found in months of other comforts. I have had much to moke rao happy—divers successes and j smiles of Providence which have cheered and I comforted my heart • bat thoy are all froth J on tho cup, mere bubbles—the foam of life, i and not its true depth erf bliss. To know! Christ and to be found in Him—oh ! this is life, this is joy, this is marrow and fatness, wine on the lees well refined i My Master does not treat Bis servants churlishly; He gives to them as • a king givcth to a king; He gives them twd heavens —a heaven below in serving Him here, and a heaven above in delighting Him for ever. The unsearchable riches of Christ will be best known in eternity. The riches of Christ are not so much to be enjoyed here as there. He will give you by the road and on the way to heaven all you need; your place of defence shall be the munitions of rocks, your bread shall be given you, and your water Bbull be sure ; but it is'there, there, there, where you shall hear the song of them that triumph, the shout of them that feast. My Master has such riches that you cannot count them; you can not guess them, much leas can you convey their fullness in words. They are unsearch able ! You may look, and search and weigh, but Christ is a greater Christ than you think Him to bo when your thoughts ore at the greatest. My Master is more able to pardon than you to sin, more able to forgive than you to transgress. My Master is more ready to supply than you are to ask, and ten thousand times moro prepared to save than you arc to be saved. Hover tolerate low thoughts of my Lord Jesus. Your highest estimates will dishonour Him ; when you put the crown on His head, you will only crown Him with silver when Ho deserves gold; when you sing the best of your songs, you will only give Him poor, discordant music oompared with what ho deserves; but, oh I do you believe in Him, that He is a great Christ, a mighty Saviour. Great sinner, como and do Him honour by trusting in Him ns a great Saviour. Como with your great sins, and your great cares, and your great wants 1 Como and welcome ! King Menelek of Abyssinia claims to be directly descended from the Queen of Sheba, being, he asserts, the 97th in descent from the | famous queen. 