THRIFTWEli'S AMBITION. ‘'There is no he1.]) lor it, Oswald, tile -Old place must, go— not that I mini) so much for myself,” the. girl said, strug gling to restrain her emotion, "hut the blow will be dreadful tor father.” The tears stood in her large, sympathetic blue eyes. ‘Tf only my people had not had such .foolish class prejudices, Nora,” replied the young man. “and had placed me iu commerce, who knows, perhaps I should not have- been such a useless adviserV As at is, a struggling barrister, to whom briefs are like the angel's visits of the Xioef—few and far between—with a ■wretched yearly pitiauee of EfiOO, what can 1 do? Hah, poverty, believe me, not trade, is the lowering factor in tlm sum ■wf daily life.” “Don't Oswald, talk like that; there 5s t he pride of race, the fact of being a jjontlemau. which surely is something. "If you think so. Nora, 1 am content; yet the feeling of my helplessness is very galling.” ”\Ve must bear our troubles” she re turned. Father lias, perhaps, been im jH- ovident; but it seems a curse in tLie family, and for generations the estates have been diminishing, while the style of living find expenditure have known uo decrease. My brother objected to breaking the entail on the hail when he was ill, but my father's embarrass ments admitted of no compromise. Mr Thrift well would not advance money unless the entail was broken. “My mother gave way, but he and my father quarrelled over the matter, and -Emph lelt England to make money, he said, to save the old place front going out of the family. 1 know my father bas never forgiven him, never will hear his name. 1 believe my brother has ■written to Mr Thriftwcll. 1 :im sure it xvas from him father heard that ltalph bad disgraced himself bv taking a store hi California—at least, father insists thjtt it is disgracing himself. We have never hoard from him; you know 1 was u. baby in arms when he left. 'Yes, it close on twenty years ago. “bather at. the lime borrowed money ■on mortgage; he always fancied,, or tried to fancy, there Would be some Way -of saving to pay oil' the money, but you ■know landed property lias dopre m value, and Mr Thriftwcll has -given notice of foreclosing. To-da.y is inc last day of the notice. To-morrow Moor Hall will no longer be ours, and we shall have to leave here.” N'ora Eaey aud her lover were talkiug on the oldl'ashioued terrace, that ran along in front of the hall. House and | gardens had a. sadly mournful air of old-time grandeur, which conjured up to the mind’s eye visions of a prosper ous past. “I must go in to my father. Oswald’ I ought not to have left him so long.” ’ When the girl entered the library where she had left her father pondering -over old deeds aud settlements, she found that the old man had fallen to sleep fn>m sheer weariness. He started ■up disturbed as she entered. “Nora,” he ejaculated, excitedly, “ 1 have just been dreaming that, ltalph had returned to save us; l saw him so -distinctly..'" This was Hie first time for twenty years Mr Eaey had mentioned his son’s name. Who can tell to what extent our lives and characters are influenced by'fortui tous circumstances? Had not Mr Thriftwcll been brought up under the shadow of Moor Hall, with all the temptations to exorbitant gain which the extravagances of Mr Eacy threw in his way, perhaps his mind, content with his ordinary busi ness avocat ion,. _n’j.uld_noL—gradually ioe:l of. Jus existence OC came to be himself master of Moor llall ami to leave to his son the position of a •country gentleman. While Nora and Oswald were talking on Urn ten-ace the old lawyer was bus ily engrossed in going over business papers in his house, which stood in the village at a little distance from the hall gates. Tins afternoon lie had sent out both clerks on errands which would delay Diem for some hours, aud even the maid-of-all-work had been despatched To the country town on some household business which her master had sudden ly discovered to be imperative. The lawyer was alone in the house where the Tliriftwells—as solicitors and agents to the. Eacys—had resided for four generations. The house was old. but Mr Thriftwcll •determined that no property of his should deteriorate hi value; lie had had it partly rebuilt, and as the ground lay low, he had a low subterranean cellar excavated under the whole place, with ventilators for tlie circulation of air. 'The cellar was very low. so low that a man could scarcely crawl along it on all fours. By this improvement he fun -eied that, for a time, lie could defy the very rot which seemed inherent to the place, and produced a mouldy, decaying -smell. 'Hiis afternoon flic lawyer re ferred constantly to a lime-tabic, aud then, glancing at the dock, opened a cupboard, where a decanter of port and some glasses were arranged on a tray. His hard, determined face showed that even lie was at times subject to eino Tirne passed rapidly, the ambition of bis life was at the point of being fulfill ed. Moor Hall—of which in reality he was Hie sole mortgagee, though iii the actual papers several other names fig ured would at last he his. AVas lie in his excitement going to unbend and ac tually drink his own health? Who can tell? for a ring at the office bell caused liim■ quickly to close the cupboard;.and -as he was alone in the house he had to answer the summons. IE Mr Tjiicy was not an early riser. His -daughter, who slept in the room next to his, had heard him moving about sev eral times in tlie night which followed Ihe above narrated incidents, and was pleased when she opened his door, as ■she was going downstairs the next morning, to notice that lie was sound asleep. This morning would, probably, bring the news that Moor Hall had passed from his to other hands. The servants had an appearance of respect ful sympathy. In a country place there is no secrecy, aud Nora fidt that her father's misfortunes were everybody’s property. 'The housekeeper, who, with the license of a very old retain er, still almost considered' Nora as a child, seemed purposely waiting about for her. ■‘Strange news, is it not, miss,” she commenced. To Nora, thinking of nothing but the change in her father’s position, this ad dress appeared cruelly uufeeling. She was passing on with a “Good morning, Mrs Stow,” when the old lady con tinned: ’’Perhaps, miss, your maid did not fell you the news. We have, in fact, only just heard that Mr Thriftwcll was j found dead in his bed this morning.” The first announcement was soon sup plemented with further startling intel ligence. A decanter of port wine, about half empty, was discovered, strongly drugged with laudanum, in liis office. The inquest, however, proved that the ■ old lawyer had died of apoplexy, and il’.at lie lia.il uoc touched the drugged 1 wine. ■ frer his funeral it was proved by Ills will that he was himself the owner of Moor Hall. ' The Lacys. father and daughter, left: t he home of the childhood of both, and Ernest Tliriftwell succeed ed to liis father’s property. The old man, in country parlance, bad always been looked upon as a warm man; but his wealth exceeded even his sou’s expectations. Besides the Moor Hall estate, which had been mortgaged for LI 2.000. were several other small properties, money in the funds to the tune of over L6000. and L12.r.OO in new P.ank of England notes Stowed away in the safe. Ernest Thriftwell could now start his | role as country gentleinann under fav orable auspices. Me had always been j steady: this was oue of the hereditary j dualities of the Thrift wells, and more-1 over, from inclination or policy, he was) proiesseilly religious—oue ol’.'his -first! acts being to present to the church a j tine new clock as a respectful tribute) to his father's memory. j In country places holiness and money I are the best substitutes for birth, anil Ernest Thriftwell fought hard for popu larity. llis father's house remained tin-J teuanted for over a year, and it was not i till December of the year following his | father’s death (it was early in October ) the old man had died) that the house! ’became,again inhabited—a man .wirii a j small income and a large family taking it. K.v a strange coincidence Oswald, tin: barrister, who had now sprung up sev eral rungs of the ladder of fame, and was already beiug talked of as a rising young barrister, and was working early and late in the hope of soon beiug in a position to make Kora Lacy his wife, j was slightly related to this newcomer, and, as godfather to one of the chil- i dren. had promised to eat his Christ mas dinner in the house where formerly Mr Thriftwell had plodded at money\ making. Oswald was fond of children, and af-j ter dinner consented to Join in a game of hide-and-seek with the younger members of the family. The house was old and had many outhouses at tached. A daring young scamp of 10 was nowhere to be found. j Mr Rowfon. I think I know where he i is.” said a little maiden of 8. “ Come with me.” j She led Oswald through the kitchen to ! the pantry, where a narrow door which I could be lifted or lowered, dependent on J tbe ventilation required, led to the ex- i cava ted cellaring. "He is. I think, in there, but don’t go in. 1 am sure there are ghosts." •‘i’ll fetch him out.” said Oswald. ‘T am not afraid of the ghosts.” and re gardless of the knees of his nether gar ments the young barrister crept in. He soon regretted the adventure. Kaugh! How damp and unwholesome (lie place felt. "But. at any rate T have you. you young rascal.” he exclaimed, as he chanced on some obstacle. It was clothes—yes, and bones—and even—Oswald felt inclined to utter a cry. Croat Bowers! What was it? Itats. alarmed, scampered away, some even passing over the intruder. Oswald fell: instinctively in his pocket for his matchbox, and struck a light ; the draft almost immediately extin guished the match, hut Oswald shrank back horrified. Tie had caught a dread ful glimpse of what months ago had been a man. The children were anxiously gathered at the opening waiting his return, among them the hoy, who had been found in the outhouses. Oswald hur ried them ofl’, and having obtained a lantern, returned with tlieir father to complete his investigations. The body was carefully brought-tonm., *“-w,,'”'*'S’'T^''-'^~-~-«^vroflcrrTyScitcinent ran high iu that quiet village this Christmas. What could the mystery mean? Little evidence remained to identify the remains. A gold watch with the initials “R.L.” was all that was at iirst discovered; but on a suit sequent search of the cavern, a card case in ivory, which had defied the rats’ ravages was found, containing cards inscribed "Ralph Lacy, San ITaneisco.” Light was coming at last. The clue was followed up. it was found that this Ralph Lacy mid left California sud denly alleging family affairs in Eng land. with a letter of credit on an Eng lish bank for over L12,000. This sum it was proved lie liad drawn in Bank of England notes. Yes, and subsequent investigations and comparisons showed these’ were the very notes found in old ThriftweU’s safe a fter liis death. Corroborative evidence showed a stranger had passed through the village on the day of the lawyer's death. Some one even saw him ring at old Tliri t't well’s door. Medical analysis was able to' assert that the dead man liad boon drugged with laudanum, and evidence iu the cel lar showed that after he had been drag ged there, probably insensible, a sharp weapon despatched him. Was the old lawyer to be baulked of liis great ambition? Had lie news that the son was.coming to save his father’s home? Had the dream of his life promp ted the old man to lose even liis soul rather than Moor Hall? And did that night the avenging spirit of liis victim claim in return revenge before the fruits of the crime could be enjoyed? The evidence was considered suffici ent to reinstate old Mr Lacy in his an cestral home. The large fortune he in herited from his son enabled the Lacy's to live as Lacys should at .Moor Hall, which had the spur that urged Ralph to exertion and fortune. It is necessary to add that Kora mar ried Oswald Row ton, who is now a Q.C. and whose briefs are no longer marked with two figures only; and that their el dest son proudly bears the name of his .dead uncle, Ralph Lacy.—“Spare Mo ments.” 