¶ The Tower Chamber. ¶ A CHRISTMAS STORY. ¶ By W. Sapte, Jun., ¶ Author of “ A Lucky Dog, ” “ A Century's Sen- satians, ” “ Uncle's Ghost, ” &c;, &c.; ¶ [ COPYRIGHT. ] ¶ “ Awfully glad you can come, old chap. And I hope we shall give you a good time. There won't be many of us, only my two sisters, and a friend of theirs, a Miss Hunter, and Bod° Ogleby. ” ¶ “ Bob Ogleby ! The Bart —— why —— ” ¶ “ Oh yes, I know it's funny, with his own place so close ; but he finds it rather lonely, you know, all by himself, and now he's engaged to my sis- ter —— ” ¶ “ Engaged to your sister ! ” ¶ The speakers, it may be well to state before proceeding any farther, were two young men, both about twenty-three years of age, who had been at college together, and who were now arti- cled to the same firm of solicitors in London. Christmas was at hand, and for the second year running Dick Haytor had invited his friend, George Oswald, to spend it with him and his people, and for the second year running George had found himself able to accept the invitation. In fact, on this latter occasion, it would have taken a great deal to make him refuse it ; for all through the intervening twelvemonth he had been haunted by the vision of the pretty brown-haired and dark-eyed girl whose acquaintance he had made on the previous visit — Dick's sister, Ethel. ¶ And now, just when he was looking forward to meeting her once more, with feelings which need not be described to those who have been similarly situated and cannot be to those who have not, he gathered the chilling intelligence from his friend's lips that she was engaged. And engaged to a rich baronet, whom he, an average person with average prospects, could scarcely hope to cut out, even if it would be honourable of him, under the circum- stances, which it would not, to try and do so. ¶ He regretted now that he had accepted the invi- tation, but it was too late to think of excuses ; he ¶ ————— ¶ “ What's the matter with you, old chap ? ” Dick asked. ¶ ————— had accepted, and with pleasure, and had assured Dick that nothing could prevent his going down, and so, he felt, nothing could. ¶ But he could hardly be very cheerful under the circumstances. Dick Haytor wondered at the change that came over him, and not perceiving any cause to which he could attribute it, became inquisitive on the point as their talk proceeded. ¶ “ What's the matter with you, old chap ? ” he asked. “ You seem awfully dumpy all of a sud- den. ” ¶ “ Oh, I'm all right, ” answered George, feebly, his tone utterly belying his words. “ Sometimes one does feel a bit run down, you know, ” he added, contradictorily. ¶ “ Well, a few days in the country 'll do you good, then ; and if the frost keeps on and we get a bit of skating, you'll be as fit as a fiddle before you're back again. There's a rare good pond at Pollington ; in fact, I think you'll like the place altogether. It's a great improvement on our old shanty at Dorking. ” ¶ “ Got a haunted room, too, haven't you ? ” asked George, with a desperate attempt to appear interested. ¶ “ Rather ! Haunted by a girl in a white dress — a bride I think she was. But Ethel shall tell you the story when we get down there ; she tells it awfully well. Makes you quite believe it, don't you know, and feel beastly creepy, especially if you're just going to roost. ” ¶ “ I should like to sleep in the haunted room, ” said George. “ Not that I believe in anything of the kind, but it's adding to one's experience. ” ¶ “ Oh, I daresay you can, if you'd like to, ” an- swered Dick. “ We don't use it ourselves, it's so out of the way for one thing, in an old tower at the end of the house. But if you're not afraid, I expect my mother won't mind fixing you up there. ” ¶ “ Afraid ! ” laughed George. “ Not much ! I think I should enjoy a visit from a ghost — es- pecially a girl ghost, you know. ” ¶ “ Oh, well, she's never been on view since we've had the place, ” said Dick, “ so I'm afraid your prospects are not encouraging. Still, it's Christmas, you know ; if she walks at all, that should be the time. ” ¶ The prospect of encountering a female spectre seemed to exercise a cheering effect on George Oswald, at any rate, for a time ; though when the two friends met at Euston on the following after- noon to take the journey to Pollington together he was once again very visibly depressed — the re- sult of much brooding during the night hours on the wrong unwittingly done him by Sir Robert Ogleby. ¶ “ You are a lively companion, I must say, ” declared Dick, after many futile attempts at start- ing a conversation in which the talk should not be altogether on one side. ¶ “ I do feel a bid down, old chap, and that's a fact, ” admitted the miserable George, who could not very well confide to her brother the real cause of his trouble. ¶ “ Well, ” said Dick, finally, “ I shall leave it to the mater and the girls to buck you up. I'm going to read the ‘ Pink 'Un. ’ Must do some- thing, or you'll get me in the blues, too. ” ¶ By the time they reached the station for Pol- lington, however, George had, by an effort, “ pul- led himself together, ” and the drive thence to the Grange, some four miles distant, in the keen frosty air, contributed not a little to exhilarate him. And then, the party that welcomed the travellers, when at length they pulled up before the stone steps of the old mansion ! Ethel might be engaged, but all the same George's heart beat faster when he saw her standing there with a pleasant smile of greeting, and he thought she looked prettier and more charming than ever. ¶ “ It is very good of you to come to us, Mr. Oswald, ” said Mrs. Haytor, a handsome middle- aged lady on whose countenance good humour and good nature were writ large, “ and I do hope you won't find it dull, so far from everywhere. ” ¶ George didn't think it could possibly be dull where Ethel was, but he didn't, of course, say so. He assured Mrs. Haytor of the genuine pleasure it gave him to visit her, and said that of all things Christmas at an old country house was, in his opinion, about the most enjoyable. ¶ “ And we mean, ” put in Ethel briskly, “ to keep it in the real old-fashioned way. We're going to have a tree for the village children, and snap-dragon, and —— ” ¶ “ And mistletoe, ” put in her brother, wag- gishly, with a wink at his friend. ¶ “ I didn't say so, sir, ” said Ethel, with mock severity ; “ but since you mention it, we are. So you be careful, Louie, dear, ” she added to her friend Miss Hunter, a young lady with blonde hair and smiling face, who had blushed percepti- bly at Dick's remark, “ and keep a sharp look-out against Master Dick there. ” ¶ “ Against me, ” quoth Dick, looking a little confused in his turn ; “ oh, I assure you, I wasn't thinking of myself. ” ¶ “ Oh, no, we know who you were thinking of, ” put in Mabel, his youngest sister, a demure, but mischievous young; person of sixteen or so. And once again Dick and Miss Hunter looked just a trifle self-conscious. ¶ But Ethel came to their relief. ¶ “ Here comes Bob, ” she cried, looking through the long French window across the lawn ; “ he's been skating. How handsome he looks ! ” ¶ Poor George's heart sank within him once more. Feasting his eyes on Ethel's beauty, and his ears with the music of her voice, he had quite forgotten the baronet, and her last words brought him down from heaven with a thud. ¶ “ How handsome he looks ! ” Yes, confound him, thought George, Sir Robert was handsome, in a way ; not a way that he liked himself, it was altogether too trim, too arranged ! Those waxed moustaches, always irreproachably in line, those exaggeratedly well-fitting clothes — too much like a Bond-street tailor's fashion plate George considered. But as nobody knew what was pas sing in his mind, nobody's equanimity was dis- turbed ; and when the baronet entered, he shook hands with the young man with the greatest cordiality, quite unconscious of the hot and un- kind feelings he had been the means of arousing in him. ¶ George, relapsing personally into a state of silence, listened moodily to the conversation which ensued, and in which the baronet and Ethel took a chief part ; the girl vivacious and witty, Sir Robert a polished man of the world to whom no topic came amiss, and who was never either bois- terous or confused, unduly familiar or gauche. ¶ As he watched them bitterly, his heart suffer- ing a fresh pang every time they uttered each other's Christian names, he came to the conclusion that Ethel was ridiculously fond of Robert, Robert quite unworthy of Ethel, and he himself the most miserable of beings. ¶ A brisk walk about the grounds, however, with Dick, Mabel, and Miss Hunter, Ethel and Sir Robert staving indoors, gradually dissipated his moodiness, at any rate to a great extent. Mabel's bright chatter, and the wintry air again, had their effect upon him, and when an hour or two later they sat down to dinner in the large oak-panelled dining-room, he was less worthy of the appellation Sir Robert had mentally bestowed upon him, that of a dull and awkward young bore. ¶ At that festive meal, George learnt that his friend's third sister, Maud, whom he knew but slightly, was for the time being in the South of France, and was expected home in about a month's time. Ethel had heard from her that very morning, and she had sent besides her love to the family, her kind remembrance to her brother's chum, George, who, she knew, was about to visit the Grange. ¶ “ Which reminds me, ” put in Dick, “ that when you write you can tell her George here is no end of a sceptic, and he's been ridiculing her haunted room like anything. ” ¶ Maud, it should be explained, was the member of the family who took the greatest interest in this apartment, with its time-honoured legend, which at Dick's request Ethel now proceeded to narrate. ¶ “ The ghost, ” she said, “ which none of us has yet seen, is supposed to be that of a young lady who was about to be married to a neighbouring baron. This should interest you, Bob, particu- larly ! Well, the wedding hour was fixed, and the bride was arrayed for the ceremony, when a per- son in the employ of the bridegroom persuaded her to go up to a certain chamber in the tower at the end of the house, where she would find prepared for her an agreeable surprise. She went up, all unsuspectingly, but no sooner had she entered than the key of the door was turned upon her and she found herself a prisoner. ¶ “ Of course, it would not have been for long, for some of her people would surely have found her ; but none thought of looking for her at the time, and her cries could not be heard through the thick walls and door. So, after calling and knock- ing in vain, she went to the window and looked out to see if anyone could be got at that way. While she was looking out, what should she see but her faithless bridegroom galloping off, bear- ing in his arms her cousin — a wicked and treach- erous young lady, who was to have been in at- tendance, as bridesmaid, on herself. The poor prisoner, in an agony of fear and rage, beat her hands so violently on the casement that she opened the veins in her wrist and bled to death there and then, her corpse being found, arrayed in the bloodstained bridal dress, late on the evening of what should have been her wedding day. ” ¶ “ Poor thing, ” exclaimed Sir Robert, at the close of this narrative. “ No wonder she haunts the room after that. ” ¶ “ George wants you to let him sleep there, mother, ” said Dick. “ He's got a fancy for seeing a girl-ghost, he says. ” ¶ “ A queer kind of flirtation that might lead to, ” laughed the baronet. “ For my part, I prefer girls in the flesh. ” ¶ “ It's very courageous of Mr. Oswald, I'm sure, ” said Mrs. Haytor, “ but the fact is, we never use the room, and I'm afraid it might be too damp to be safe. I must own that, to my mind, the damp is more to be dreaded than the ghost. ” ¶ “ All the same, ” remarked Ethel, “ I wouldn't sleep there for worlds, under any circumstances. ” ¶ “ Nor I, ” echoed Mabel and Miss Hunter simultaneously. ¶ “ It could surely be aired, mother, ” persisted Dick. “ I promised George the chance, you know, and I've no doubt it could soon be got all right. Have a big fire there all day to-morrow and let him sleep there to-morrow night. I want to see how he'd face a spectre. ” ¶ “ If your friend would really like it, though I'm afraid he'll be disappointed as regards the spectre — ” ¶ George interrupted his hostess. ¶ “ I really should like it above all things, ” he said. “ Of course, I don't believe in ghosts, but I think there is very seldom an old superstition or legend of this kind without some sort of founda- tion for it. Besides, I should like to say I had slept in a haunted room, you know. ”° ¶ “ Very well then, ” said Mrs. Haytor. “ We'll get it aired and ready for you. ” ¶ And so it was settled ; and as one who was about to face unknown perils, George found him- self quite the hero of the occasion, and his heart swelled with pride when Ethel told him she thought he was very brave. ¶ The evening, in fact, in spite of the presence of Sir Robert, passed very agreeably indeed for our young friend, who had the pleasure of Ethel's partnership in a four-handed game of billiards, in which they beat the baronet and Miss Hunter very easily indeed. ¶ The next day, Christmas Eve, was also delight fully spent, a long walk in the afternoon, in which the whole party joined, making everybody brisk and merry, though George had again the mortifi- cation of seeing Ethel's society largely monopo- lised by the baronet. Still, now and again, he got a chat with her, and thrusting from his mind the fact that she was pledged to another, he let her delightful conversation raise him to the seventh heaven of happiness. Poor George ! After all, he was only human, and Ethel Haytor was both fascinating° and beautiful. ¶ There was a good deal of pleasant chaff that evening when the time came to part for the night. The ladies renewed their protestations of admira- tion for George's heroism, and later on, in the smoking-room, Sir Robert and Dick were both complimentary and waggishly inclined to alarm ; Sir Robert especially coming out with one or two gruesome anecdotes calculated to shake the nerves, even if one hadn't got to sleep in a room reputed to be haunted. ¶ But George laughed at it all. He certainly wasn't in the least alarmed, and when the two others escorted him to the Tower Chamber and left him there to his meditations, these were far more of Ethel Haytor than of the spectral bride. ¶ Nevertheless, he examined the old room care- fully and with some interest, it striking him as just possible that his lively friend Dick might have prepared some practical joke to test his courage. ¶ But there was no sign of anything of the kind. The room was large and lofty, square in shape, and panneled from floor to ceiling with dark oak. It had three tall narrow windows on one side, and a large old-fashioned fireplace on another, where a merry blaze van now at its best and brightest. The bed, a huge wooden four-poster, stood against one wall, and opposite to it was a tall and ancient wooden press, in which, however, was nothing mysterious, for its various drawers and cupboards all stood open, inviting George to use them as he wished for the storage of his own belongings. Tapping the panels revealed nothing — in fact, our friend was soon convinced that there was nothing to reveal, and prepared to pass as comfortable a night as his heart, tortured about the fair Ethel, would permit. ¶ As a matter of fact, he slept well, absolutely nothing happening to disturb his repose. When he awoke the light was streaming through the nar- row windows, and Tomkins, the footman, was knocking at the door with hot water and a cup of welcome tea. The man expressed a hope that he hadn't been disturbed, and vowed that he per- sonally wouldn't pass a night in the room for a hundred pounds, in spite of George's assurances that it was most comfortable. ¶ “ There is something uncanny about the place, sir, ” he declared, “ and if it don't happen to come one time it will another. Take my advice, sir, and move back to your old quarters. ” ¶ But George scouted the notion, naturally. At breakfast he rather disappointed Mabel and Miss Hunter at least by having no adventures to re- late, but Sir Robert, like the footman, was en- couraging as regards the future. ¶ “ You can't expect a spectral bride to show her- self every night, ” he said, laughing. ¶ Christmas day passed as it is wont to do in “ old-fashioned ” families. Church and a walk in the morning, skating — for the frost had held nobly — in the afternoon, and the proverbial turkey and plum pudding in the evening. What more could anyone desire ? Except, perhaps, the snapdragon and the round games, and the carol singing and the Christmas tree — and all of these things fell to the portion of the lucky circle at Pollington. ¶ It was well past midnight when George Oswald retired for the second time to his lonely chamber in the Tower, but that apartment had not been ne- glected, and, with a cheerful log fire sharing with the candles in its illumination, it presented a most attractive appearance to anyone who could appre- ciate solid English comfort. ¶ George was not in the least sleepy, so he flung himself into a cosy arm-chair and cogitated. He was puzzled ; there was something in the relation- ship of Ethel Haytor and Sir. Robert Ogleby which he could not understand. Although engaged, their manner towards each other was more friendly than affectionate ; certainly it was by no means loving. Could it be that the social advantages of the match had reconciled Ethel to it regardless of the state of her feelings ? Was she, in fact, sel- ing herself, practically, to the wealthy baronet ? Perish the thought ! She was not that sort of girl. Still —— ¶ But if that were the case, why should Sir Robert desire to link himself with a person with whom he did not appear to be the least little bit in love, as George understood the term ? She would not bring him any great fortune even if he had needed it. ¶ There was certainly a mystery, and George de- bated with himself whether he should ask Dick about it or speak to Ethel herself. He could not help fancying — there is always a language of the eyes which assist in these matters — that she was not indifferent to him in spite of her engagement elsewhere ; and after all, she could but rebuff him if he spoke unwelcomely. Surely a man who was not afraid of a haunted room could find sufficient courage to speak to a girl, even on so delicate a subject ! ¶ It was full of this bold idea that he at length undressed and retired to the warm and comfortable fourposter, the fire by this time having died down to a dull glow which, when he had extinguished the candles, combated with the moonlight most in- effectually for supremacy. The silver rays of the Queen of Night suffused the dark chamber with a soft and gentle radiance, in which everything it fell upon was plainly visible ; and this, with the busy thoughts in his mind, prevented George from falling off to sleep immediately. ¶ He was just dozing a little when a cold breath of air, as of some passing body causing a draught, passed over his face, and woke him with a start. And then, brave as he was, he would have been more than mortal if he had not quailed at the sight which met his eyes. ¶ A tall figure, clad from head to foot in white, with features pale as death itself, was gliding to- wards the central window, noisless° as a shadow. Now it pressed its thin bony hands to its fore- head ; now it wrung them as if in despair. Beyond a doubt it was the spectral bride, the spirit of the lady who, in the flesh, had beheld the treachery of her lord, centuries before, from that very window. ¶ George Oswald lay silent and trembling. He did not cry out ; perhaps he could not have done so, for his mouth felt parched with the shock of fear. Meanwhile the figure bent towards the glass of the window and then beat its hands towards it wildly. Whether it actually struck the panes George could not see ; if it did, there was no fracture, or even noise, as the result. ¶ Suddenly an idea struck the young man, and with its advent his courage quickly returned. There was, after all, something strangely solid about this particular ghost. He had always heard that you could see through beings of this class. This one, however, obscured the masonry behind her very definitely, and what is more, threw as good and black a shadow as any mortal young woman might have done. ¶ Quietly George raised himself in the bed and looked around. Ah ! the door was open ! This ghost then, at any rate, came “ through ” doors in the ordinary way ! Yes — George Oswald thought he was perfectly well able to deal with this spectre, in spite of its bony hands and pallid face. ¶ If only he could get out of his bed without its creaking ! He did not want to interrupt that handbeating performance by any sudden noise, if possible. Luckily the frame of the four-poster was too solid to yield one jot to his weight, and so, without the slightest sound to give warning to the apparition, he soon stood on the floor — an un- romantic figure in grey pyjamas. ¶ Stealthily and noiselessly he, too, made for the ¶ “ Mr. Oswald, ” she began, “ I have come to apologise — ” window, until he was within an arm's length of the spectral bride, and then with one determined movement, he clasped her bodily in his arms. So far from melting in them, so that he should have embraced but empty nothingness — which any well- regulated spectre would have done, of course — this particular ghost commenced a very solid struggle and gave a very human scream simul- taneously. But all in vain — she was fairly caught, and George Oswald, at length able to see her whitened face plainly, recognised beneath the chalk the pretty features of Ethel Haytor. ¶ “ Oh, Mr. Oswald, ” she began, realising that the joke was recoiling on herself, “ please, please let me go ! ” ¶ But George wasn't going to have an adventure like this for nothing. ¶ “ I don't know your name, mediæval madam, ” he began, politely, but not relaxing the firmness of his embrace in the slightest degree, “ but I must first apologise for occupying your apartment, and then I must take my usual toll. ” ¶ “ You — what ? ” stammered poor Ethel. ¶ “ I always make a point of kissing every female ghost I catch, ” George said, solemnly. And suit- ing the action to the word, he succeeded in im- planting a hearty kiss upon, her lips. Then he re- leased her. ¶ “ Oh, you wretch ! You wretch ! ” she cried, as she fled swiftly through the door. “ I'll never forgive you — never. Never ! ” ¶ But regardless of this dire threat, George re- turned to his four-poster highly elated. In the first place, he had baffled a practical joke, possibly instigated, he thought, “ by that beast of a baronet, ” and, secondly, he had kissed Ethel ! Whatever the future might have in store, that alone was a fact — a glorious fact in the present, the recollection of which could never be taken away from him. ¶ The next morning he was up betimes ; there might be a chance of a word with the “° spectral bride, ” even if it were no more than an apology on his part, before the others assembled for break- fast. But he was disappointed. Ethel did not appear at all, sending word by Mabel that she had a headache. ¶ George was much concerned, but even in his own disappointment he could not help noticing that Sir Robert received the news of the girl's indisposition very calmly, and went on eating ham and eggs as if nothing was the matter. ¶ Then Dick came blustering in, late as usual, and his first question°, after the morning greetings, was addressed to George. ¶ “ Well, old man, any ghost last night ? ” ¶ Before he could reply George received a kick under the table. It was from Mabel, who also looked at him meaningly. Luckily he understood the signals. ¶ “ Nothing to alarm a sound sleeper like I am, ” be replied. “ No, I passed another very pleasant night, thanks. In fact, Mrs. Haytor, ” he added, turning to his hostess, “ I think your haunted room is about the most comfortable I've ever slept in. ” ¶ Mabel looked at him gratefully, and the conver- sation becoming general, no further risk was run of his letting out the secret. After breakfast the girl took him aside and said : ¶ “ Thanks, awfully. I'll tell Ethel how kind you were about it. ” ¶ Sir Robert, without so much as sending up to ask how Ethel was — heartless brute, George dubbed him mentally — started off about an hour after break- fast to walk over to his own place, accompanied by Dick and Miss Hunter. George was invited, cordially enough, but pleaded letters to write, and begged to be excused. He did not wish to contem- plate the splendid possessions of his hated rival. Besides, if he stayed behind it was quite possible he would get a chance of asking Ethel for that forgiveness which, in the excitement of the mo- ment, she had vowed last night should never be his. ¶ And so it happened. Ethel, reassured by her sister, and knowing that the others were for the time being out of earshot, deemed the oppor- tunity favourable for dispensing with her head- ache, and descending to brave the valiant George himself. She felt she was in duty bound to make him a small apology for the joke she had played upon him, as well as morally entitled to receive a big one herself for his perfectly outrageous con- duct. ¶ She entered the drawing- room, where he stood gazing out of the window, somewhat sheepishly, and blushed deeply as she turned to greet her. ¶ “ Mr. Oswald, ” she began, “ I have come to apologise ? ” ¶ “ Forgive me, ” he interrupted. “ I own it was very wrong of me, But, you see, it is seldom one sees a ghost ? ” ¶ “ Don't, please don't. It was only a little joke Mabel and I concocted to — to —— ” ¶ “ To frighten me ? ” ¶ “ Well, to try your courage, and we never thought it would — that you would —— ” ¶ “ Look here, Miss Haytor, ” said George, tak- ing her hand, which she did not immediately withdraw, “ don't worry yourself any more about it. Nobody knows about it except ourselves, and you may be sure nobody ever shall from me. ” ¶ “ Thank you so much. ” ¶ “ All the same, ” he went on, looking keenly at her, “ it is a little episode in my life which I shall never forget — a taste of happiness never to be en joyed again ? ” ¶ “ Mr. Oswald ! ” ¶ “ Forgive me. I did not mean to say quite so much. I could not help it. Miss Haytor — Ethel. I must speak, wrong, dishonourable, though it be. ” ¶ “ Dishonourable, ” repeated the girl in sur- prise. ¶ “ Yes, I mean because you are engaged, and I have therefore —— ” ¶ “ Who told you I was engaged ? ” ¶ “ Your brother. Why, surely you —— ” ¶ “ And whom did he say I was engaged to ? ” ¶ “ To Sir Robert Ogleby, of course. Is it not so ? ” ¶ But Ethel had burst into a fit of merry laugh- ter. ¶ “ Mr. Oswald, ” she said, “ either George has told you wrong for a joke, or else you have mis- understood him. Sir Robert is engaged to my sister Maud, who is coming home to be married to him next month. ” ¶ “ Good heavens, ” exclaimed George, “ what a fool I've been. Ethel— ” he used her Christian name a second time since she had not rebuked him for it before — “ I have done Sir Robert a wrong. What an ass he must have thought me. ” ¶ “ It was such a funny mistake, ” was all Ethel could find to say. ¶ “ But you, dear, ” George went on, again tak- ing her hand and this time retaining it in his own, “ you will forgive me for my stupidity ? Ethel — may I — dare I hope that you will be my wife ? ” ¶ As to what Ethel's reply was, and concerning the rest of their conversation, it is allowable to be silent. The reader will have already guessed the issue as between these two young persons, and Sir Robert, on his return, was perfectly amazed at the difference in young Oswald's tone towards himself. ¶ “ What a fool you were, George, ” said Dick, when he heard the news of his sister's engage- ment, and of the mistaken impression under which his friend had been labouring. “ I never told you Ethel was engaged. I said, and I re- member it distinctly, that my sister was. Why you should have thought I meant Ethel, I can't conceive. ” ¶ “ Besides, ” put in Mabel, “ I'm sure Bob and Ethel haven't behaved at all like an engaged couple. ” ¶ “ I noticed that, ” answered George, “ and it was one of the things that made me venture to speak. But it's all right now ? ” ¶ “ More than you deserve, old man, ” observed Dick. ¶ “ No, ” put in Ethel quietly, “ he deserves all that I or anyone else can do for him, for the courage he showed in the Tower Chamber. I'm sure you'd have been frightened to death, Dick. ” ¶ Dick laughed. ¶ “ Better that, perhaps, ” he said, “ than al- lured into matrimony. ” ¶ But the remark was too cynical to be genuine, and when Mabel said she would repeat it to Louie Hunter, he earnestly begged her not to. ¶ And the last that one hears is that a double wedding is likely in the near future to be the di- rect outcome of that happy Christmas at Polling- ton Grange. ¶ [ The End. ] 