$ mntitit & Wirfiil, MYSTERIES OF SOUND. ?Some curious experiences with regard to the trickery of sound occurred to me dur ing undergraduate days at Cambridge, to which T attribute an early predilection for the science and study of acoustics. While yet an out-college man, I was unexpectedly offered a set of rooms in the Old Court of Trinity, which rooms had been somewhat hurriedly vacated by a man of uncertain health and nervous temperament, who as signed no satisfactory reasons for suddenly going into lodgings. It was the commence ment of a dull October term, and I rcinem well how the bedmaker warned me against tho rooms, wliich she characterised as ' dreadful dismal.' The cause, however, of this forbidding description was not re vealed to me till some weeks afterwards, when boisterous winds cnanced to set in with gloomy November weather, about which period, when sitting up reading, I used frequently to hear low',, moaning sounds, as if some creature were in dis tress somewhere in the lane outside. No me could explain the phenomenon, and it was not until months afterwards that 1 myself searched for the cause, and after some little difficulty discovered it. It was -*ontnioiiplace enough. In a side room a iiiecc of wall-paper pasted across a chink 'iad developed a crack, leaving two jagged jr tooth edges wliich. under certain con ditions of draught, vibrated rapidly to gether, forming, as it were, a reed, and thus producing the sound above described. That ghost, like all oU»ers in my esperi enco, wiiH readily laid : but another un canny and more noteworthy occurrence shortly afterwards taught me yet more clearly how capricious sounds may become, ind liow hard to locate or explain. In a neighbouring staircase there lived (I beg pardon, 'kept') another friend of mine, t man of much tougher fibre, who was reading — and over-reading — for a medical examination, and once, through a sleepless night, he was driven to distraction by what, in the morning, he described as mysterious voices apparently in the court outside, ac companied by rappings on a tin tray, or the like : yet, often as he rose and went to the window, there was nothing to be seen, and at last his over-wrought nerves gave way. and were not to be relieved until some of his friends succeeded in finding ' the cause of his disturbance, which was (his : — Over the way, in Caius College, where building was going on, an engine bad broken down srnd workmen had been employed through the night in tinkering it up. This was the sole and sufficient ex planation. It satisfactorily accounted for the existence of midnight voices, and for the weird tapping's, excited imagination supplying all the rest. The. instructive fact, however, brought home to my own mind was how unaccountably sounds may seem to behave themselves when the mind fails to interpret them aright, and how strangely different even a familiar noise may sound when beard amid dead silence. It has been my good fortune more than once since then to dispel idle imaginings that had been causing real disturbance and distress.* Occasions also have arisen which have stimulated me to construct sound instru ments which, in performing certain novel functions, should attain object* of prac ticaf value. For example, on the occasion of an «nm*al ? flower --show held in my grounds, it has been necessary to summon visitors, many hundreds in number, and acattered over a large area, to certain side shows. A horn or bell conveyed nothing in particular, but a specially made trumpet rigged on a scaffold thirty feet high, com manded the whole ground, and a. polite in vitation gently spoken to the four winds has been, easily heard by all. Some ten years ago my attention was accidentally ? Once iri 1806, in the cast of the famous tijm xhtxt near Hungerfdrd. ? . ^ « directed towards kindred acoustical pro Merns by circumstances which ngain may be considered as outside common experi ence. By the kindness and courtesy of the late Dean Church, I had been granted the privilege of making use of St Paul's Cathedral for carrying out certain experi ments dealing with terrestrial magnetism. I had chosen for my purpose a quiet sum mer's night, and all due arrangements hav ing been made, I commenced a long vigil, sitting alone for hours in the loftiest cham ber of the building watching the readings of an instrument while a colleague also v atched a similar instrument in the crypt 400 feet below. It was while occupying this elevated position, with attention well braced, and in that night silence which f;ills even over our great metropolis, that 1 learned how remarkable certain sounds can be recorded over vast distances. The measured tramp of the policeman rang as sharp or sharper than if I had been on the pavement beside him. The fog-horn of tho bicycle — then in vogue— could be heard streets away, and railway whistles on dis tant lines and hooters on the shipping far down the river seemed unearthly in their carrying power and clearness. The experiences of that night were con firmed on yet another occasion when, about the same period, I chanced to make my first balloon voyage, and when, by rare fortune, our halioon drifted over the very heart of Tendon, and almost directly over St. Paul's Cathedral., at an elevation of !i000 feet above its golden cross. It was a noteworthy voyage, and deeply impressed upon my mind afterwards by the fact that it was one of the last conducted by the late Captain Dale, who shortly afterwards lost his life while ascending from the Crystal Palace Grounds. It was while we made out Kennington Oval immediately below us ami wo could from that dis tance actually watch a game of cricket in progress. Soon, however, it became apparent that play was suspended, and then, manifestly in our honour, a ringing cheer came up with a distinctness that 1 was wholly unprepared for. I learned, then, that an English cheer is a very arous ing. and may become a very astonishing sound : but my wonder grew as we swept on, and presently caught the gathering rattle of the streets below, which soon in creased and grew to a deafening roar, posi tively painful by its harshness and inten sity. So far, these experiences were but proofs of the great carrying power aloft of loud and familar natural noises, but I was now to be impressed quite equally with the penetration into upper air of Nature'* softer music. It was squally weather that day, and, as evening approached, the wind grew rough with gathering storm. We were at that time scudding fast over Hert fordshire, where the country was well tim bored, and ever as we passed high over woods, then in full foliage, a soft murmur would fill our ears, and it seemed almost incredible that this was but the tossing trees singing to us half a mile below. There were other sounds, of course. Anor would come the bark of a dog from — where ? Or the whistle of a train scarcely yet visible in the distance deep down. Altogether it was firmly impressed upon me from that time onwards that a balloon ascent properly arranged would offer an exceptional opportunity for studying many problems in sound which could not fail to repay fresh investigation and experi ment ; and it is not a little curious that, although acoustics have .occupied the special attention of many scientists, no one hns come forward to systematically utilise tho balloon in the service of that allim portant branch of science. 