Topics. ihft Mayor of this town availed himself of an opportunity on Tuesday last of visiting Bundale r, and in course of con versation with the Resident Engineer — who, by the way, is almost as courteous as Uc 1ft ,ic— — . Ulu illiUl liKttlUU that it was his intention as far as he possibly could, to employ local labor, that is residents of the north. Mr. Mann has among a certain class achieved for himself the distinction of being a bard master, but those who know him best speak very differently and assert that next to his desire to do justice to the Government is that of assisting in every possible way the honest worker. His great aversion, however, is a loafer, and bis long experi ence together with a keen knowledge of human nature enables him in a very few minutes to discover what manner of man he is dealing with — hence the " bad name." We have no hesitation in saying that any man who is prepared to do a fair day's work for a fair day's pay may be assured of Mr. Mann's practical sympathy if pos sible, but — no loafers need apply, and quar relsome men are cautioued to settle their quarrels elsewhere than at Bundaleer. About 100 men and a number of teams are employed at present, but a much larger number will Vie required at an early date. The District Council of Georgetown has declared a rate of ninepenee in the £ fi r the ensuing year. From the Surveyor-General we have re ceived a list of the unallotted lands of the Crown up to d ito. The winning numbers in r.onn»ction with the Charity Carnival will b<> pub lislted in the Adelaide duties 0:1 Tees a' j next. I Messrs Jh«. Martin and Co , of this town, put a bare dovnin their yard on Tuesday and struck a good supply of water at 30 feet. Tiie Commissioner of Public Worl s notifies that any further applications for the extension of the Beetaloo mains will rr i be entertained at present. of ! :si- ni rating of the ! C ibb:;;:!' A SS'Vb'.th.'Ii, at : . '( ; ' "><; At Port Pirie, on Saturday last, Thomas Roberts was sent to gaol for six months for stealing and on another charge was committed for trial at Gladstone Circuit Court. We have received from the Govern ment Statistician of New S nitili Wales an interesting pamphlet, being the statistics of the seven colonies of Australasia from 1861 to 1897. By notification elsewhere it will be seen that the supply of water to eich consumer in the B-ietaloi district wiii lie greatly re duced, and that n ) water rates will be levied during November and December. The Daily Chronicle , a leading London paper, says that the German Emperor in honoring a barbarian whose crimes against humanity are as notorious as they are hor rible, constitutes a scandal unparalleled in recent history. On October the 14th it was reported to the police at Waukaringa that a boy named Henry Edward Pascoe, aged 14 years, of Nillinghoo, had been lost in the bush Search parties were formed and theservices of a tracker secured. After about- 40 hours from the time he was lost the wanderer, was found very little worse for his adven- ture. All the efforts of the police to secure the identification of the man who was found dead at Canowie on the 9th inst. have failed. Two receipted accounts were found on him, one from Messrs Marshall & Co., of Melrose, made out to " Smith," and one from Mr. Cor.tle, of For!: Pino, made out to " Herringtou," but neither of these firms know anything of him. Some people deserve success and don't get it ; others get it and don't deserve it, while others both deserve and get it. Miss Oehlmann, of this town, belongs to the last-named class — at least she did last week when at the Petersburg show her two paintings were awarded first and second prizes against all comers, ©ur con gratulations, Miss Oehlmann ! The Brisbane correspondent to the Adceriiser says — A deputation waited on the Home Secretary and Minister of Education to- dav on behalf of the wife and children of the man who was recently pronounced to be a leper and removed to the lazarette. It was urged that by reisoa of the dread of contagion no one would give the woman employment, and it was requested that her children might ho t.ronfcerl nn State nrnhans and the mother allowed payment for their maintenance. The Ministers are inclined to grant some assistance. An extraordinary letter, giving the reasons for suicide, was .. produced at an inquest held on the body of Hilda Hecht, a single woman, aged twenty.four which was fotiud floating at Manly yesterday , (says the Sydney correspondent to the Register.) The deceased with the other members of her family curio to the colony some eighteen months ago. They, how ever, suffered much misfortune and re turned to Europe with the exception of the deceased. She determined to fight on here, and went into service, but the life was so repellent that she determined to drown herself. Prior to committing this act she sent a letter in German to a friend by whom it was handed to the Coroner. In it were the following sentences: — " How many will you not find who will say ' I would have helped her and others would have helped her V But tell them all I had a pleasant death. When. I left your house this afternoon you were of opinion that I would get information of what time I might be able to obtain the position I sought, but T took m.y way to Manly ferry and came here. The passage was splendid. The steamer rolled a good deal because it was very rough, but I did n >t mind it, for I was full of other though cs. I looked foi the place £>f-_ my last performance. The sea was too rough where I looked first, so I looked for an other place, -and fouud it calmer, foi- I.in- t-nded to die quietly, as I had dived quietly. 1 picked out the place where I s lould do it near where the boats land. To-morrow the morning papers will have ad about it, and tell of my body being f >und. Tf you knew in writing this letter that I laughed, you would not pity me 1 I a 11 writing this letter, and the people 1c »k at uie while. I am eating my last meal go isisting of an egg and a cup of tea. If they knew I am eating it with these thoughts of death whet would they say all those good people ! I write this letter half an hour before I die. I had even taken a book with me to read '-efore I die, but ray thoughts are not collected, for T cannot un i'-rsraiH >" comprehend what I v-r-ad,.. Tile .1 orys-oco: a WT'i'C:!. >( f.'-i' 2 uk:. The London eoivesp u.tfenfc to the A loertiser of Tuesday last says — In au article on the remarkable dicta of Sir | William Brookes on the' ' Unseen World" : at- the British Association Mr. Davil : Oiirirtie kin! ray devotes a paragraph to fho rminenl scientist's eWir various, and ' c of how lie inter- viewed the spirit of Robert Louis Steven son. This is quite u novelty in ghost stories and should deeply interest even those of you who never met R. L. S. Mr Murray himself did not know the seigneur of Valium, but the latter, like most of us, thought a lot of " Joseph's Coat" and " Rainbow Gold," and had wiilten to the author praising them. When Stevenson died Christie Murray was in America, and presided at the memorial meeting in honor of the deceased romanciat at Carnegie Hall, New York. A few nights later he was up country at a lonely little accommo dation-house in Canada wrestling with a new poem, and not thinking of R. L. S. "When," declares Mr. Murray, " I went t ) bedand put out my c-m lie Stevenson was miles away from my thoughts, and I was wrapped in the contemplation of the one stubborn verse in my poein. On a sudden, as I lay my face to the wall, I was aware, in some strange way, of a figure behind me. I said nothing and heard nothing, but the impression was entirely clear. The figure advanced with a certain willowy grace — -it was as distinct me as if I had seen it — - reached the chair at . the bedside, seemed to remove the shallow candlestick from chair to table and to sit down. Thenj the face became visible — to ' my imagination alone—and I recognised it as that of Rob ert Louis Stevenson. When you knew a facejfrom photography only it is not easy for the imagination to set its features in motion, but here they sparkled with a brighten d affectionate animation. ' Now, Fi) tell you what I should do with, hat verse if I were writing it.' There was no sound, . and yet the words were in my mind as clearly as if a voice had spoken them, and not .only that, they had a csrtaiii characteristic tone, an individuality, not to be defined but real. And then, without the faintest conscious efforts of my own, came the verse : — With looks like any devil's grim He poured the b re wage till it ran With fetid horror at the brim. ' Now drink, ';he gibed, ' and play the man.' He reached the chalice forth ; it stank That my soul Failed me and I drank. " Now, whether that bears anything of Stevenson's hall mark or no I cannot tell. But the thing happened, and whether it were a factor a fancy in its inward essen tial it is a fact from the historical point of view." 