SOCIAL TO THE REV. J. LYALL. PRESENTATIONS TO MR. AND MRS. LYALL. On Thursday ovening a social was tendered to the Itev. J. Lyall, who has rolinquished the position of minister to the Fliuders-titreet Presbyterian Church, which be had held for forty years, and Mrs. Jj.vall. Tho Lecture Hall, in which the gathering was held, was well tilled. Mr. W. 1-. Wc-ller. President of tbo congregation, was in tho chair. After tho singing of a hymn, and prayer by the Itev. W. F. Main, Tbo C ha I it max eaid only those who had been long acquainted with Mr. aud Mrs. Lyall know ttiuir true worth. In Mr. Lyall they had a conscientious man, and* in Mrs. Lyall thoy had an ideal pastor's wife. It was plcaiiug for them to roincmlwr that the ties of fwtoom and affection which had been built up during long years would not ho xovored, but after a few months thoy would be back again in tho Church to give thorn the benudt of their valuablo advice. (Applause.) Air. T. \V~. Fleming stated that a lettor of apjiogy for his aimonco had bcon received from tho Right Hon. the Chief Justice, in which he wrote—'* I am sorry indeed uot to be ablo to bo present at tho meeting to do you honour and not to have iho opportunity of buariiig my tustitnouy to your great services to tho community as a minister and as a citizen. Your naino will always be honourably associated with tbe history of the University.' Dr. Paton wroto— 'Thcro is no ra.iu among un who nerved hie congregation and his denomination with more comtpicuouii fidelity, earnestness, and devotion than he, not to spoak of his services to the great causes of philanthropy and morality and religion in general. It u only tha barest justice, uioro ovor, to siy that in all his otforts he has been ably and otHciuntl; seconded aud supported by Mrs. Lyall. 1 am but uttering tho fi'nti monu of hundreds uf outsido friwiidn ubon I pray tba*. thoy may bo:h bo spared for many days to come to accomplish — under now con ditions,' it may bo — noblo and abiding worlc for that Master whom they loyo i-o well.' At tho last niectintr of the sessional congre- gatiun a coxmittoo \v.vt appointed to draw up a minuto oxiircsing their fenling*. and tho miuuto was a» foliows:— 'The mombers of tho session who foul honoured in having been associated with Mr. Lvall as their Moderator for so many year* iu view of bis retirement from tho pastorato of tho congregation desire to rocord their profound esteem for his personal character aud work, their high appreciation of his long and faithful servico m minister, their admiration of his wise, consistent, and sympathetic dealing with its members in tboir individual and family relationship!!, and thoir gratitude to God for tint succom which hna attended hi* Ubours iu ifctcuring that peaeo and harmony aud progress which n&3 cbar.ictomod tbo congregation. Thoy desiro to assure him ot the dcop-scated affection of his peoplo, who recoguiso that hi has ever been with thorn an one who rejoiced with those who do ivjoioo and wept with those who wept, sharing with them his sym pathy, counsel, and help in their earthly trials and directing them to the suro source of hope and only object of faith. In his retirement they vory cordially wish him and Ins dear wifo.*for whom they desiro to express tho very warmest esteem, tho best of blessings, and pray that it may be tboir privilege to enjoy In thoir declining yoara tho seusiblo tokens of tho presence of tho Divino Master they have so long aud faithidlly served, that their latter days may provu tho brightest and hap* piest of their livos, mid that thoir con tinued connection with thu congregation, whose interests they havo so much at heart, may be to them a sourco of joy in soeing its continued prosperity and increasing usefulness in all departments of tor vice.' Mr. Lyall'a long honourable career had mado him a con Hpiciuus citixen of tbo colony. When it was announced that Mr. Lyal! intended to rexign, it w.ts folt that the declining yours uliould be made as comfortablo and happy as thu congro gation could make it. Thanks to thu genero sity of some of the mumbcRi that do«ire had been accomplished, and bo now had tho plea Mire of handing Mr. Lyall trust-deeds of tho Retiring Allowance Fund, which would show him th.U his material interests had not been uncarod for, and that he might look forward with unconcern for soino years of comfort and prosperity. (Applause.) Mr. D. Mcrkay xaid ho bad been askod to make a presentation of an address and a tea and coiToo servico to Mrs. Lyall from tho con creiration. They owed an iufinito debt of gratitude to Mm. Lyall, who had l-con a wonderful helpmate to Mr. Lyall, and who tor tbo last forty years had been untiring in her efforts to help tho congregation. Tho address, which was signed on bobalf of all tho or£amr.-itious connected with the Church, was. as follows:— 'Dear Mrs. Lyall— In view of tho approaching retirement of Mr. Lyall from tho {Mitorato of tbe Fiiuriorri-ttrvct* Prosby tcrian congregation we, its members and adherents, cannot allow you to leavo tho Manso— alwavx tho bceno of kindly welcomes and generous hospitalities— without testifying to you tho warm alfcction and high regard we fool for and hold vou in. Word* fail us adequately to express all wo would, but pet mi t us to say that in ovory good work and lnliour of love you havo been the true and eQioient holjier of your beloved husband during all the long years that aro past, and have desorvedly won and will always retain tho kindliest placo in our affections. In all possible way*, alike in season and out of season, you havo oud-*avoured to promote the best intoro*Uof tho congregation, and in connection with iu ditlcrent organiza tions havo beon a most carnext and indefati gable worker. May wo especially testify to tho succcsH of your efforts in tho canto of mis nions which has. wo know, always t-ecn very dear to you. Wo rejoice that, although tho scmi-ollicial tic betwocti us is about to erase, you will continvo to bo one of us, and we a*ik your kindly accoptanoe of tbo accompanying gifts, which hare boon moat willingly and cordially contributed, as indicating in tantciblo form our desire to pcrpetuato the long link of connec tion which hits exisced so harmoniously be tween you anil us. To them wo would add a small memento for Miss Lyall, or ' Bc*s*it-.' as we havu been accustomed familiarly to call her. and, at tho snuio time, express the hopo that hr-r long and patiently borno mitfering may in tho good providtneo of God soon bo a thing of tht* paxt. We pray that you and Mr. Lyall may long bo iiparod to enjoy your well-earned rest that God will continue to blew you b)th and your family wilh rich and manifold blotsines, and that when tho time oomus for yon to leave earth for Heavou an entrance shall be mini«tcrcd unto you abund..!itly into tho overlaying Kingdom of our l/inl and Saviour Jesus Chn«t.' Thu Rev. J. Lvai.U received with applaum. nfter alluding with fooling to thu |-arting from his congregation and tbo I'resl.ytnry, riiid it wa« not always ithat sonarattont of that kind wero charactorixml bv »uch kindbnosH, and he liad reason to lie thankful that ho parted from the congregation with feelings of mutual re jpect aud atfection. (Hear, near.) Tho har usony Itotwccn pastor antl ponplo bad boon un broken throughout, and had been maintained to tho lau. liu had long intended that he would not ho a burden to his congregation, ind that tho moment he fait he wan jn.iblc- to effectively carry out his work be nrouM Mt them Imn. Ho had thought that then hu might tm able to take a small country Jhurch. Now thvro wu no thought of such a thing. Ho bad no oxpoctation w»ien the final itop wax muln nnarly two yvarh afru that such k handNomo |-rovi«:un would be oiadi* for him. Ele wax indeed thaukful that tho testimonial tad ukii the form it diii, «o that it prevented liin being a pcruianeut burden on the con rregation. by wuom he hoc! always been reau-d wilh respect aud atfection. lie never :ould have agreed t-- that. (Applau-o.) What :o him had always been a gratifying feature )f his work was tbo fact that ho'was allowed icrfcct frc,*dom in bis pulpit utterance*, vbich. of course, bo kopt within tho limits of ho doctrines uf tho Church. (Hear, inar.) His wife deserved all that had jeen naid of her. She was the best woman n tho world. (Auplau-u.j She had dona rood work by stealth, aud sho had blushed to ind it famed. It had cost her a lot to leave lor home, but tho had never regretted it. Cheer*.} His wifo l.id duuo much tinong tho poor and tunVring, an I she had x.---n griMtly aided in this work by tbe iborality of kind frii*ni!» who ba'l su'pplicl it with aif-at:*. Tl:er«* woro so«i-! '.tber n-uter* out.-ilo tha (Miurch to winch he ri«li**d to refi-r. On* thing dealt with the »*er««t h:«'«»ry «?? the l.*nn«*Mty. and bis ion K-ctiou with i'. Wli..-n Sir W. l|i)ifK--«i in»'in no w.-altii li-.-a-t--! ins a'lvicu .-.s t.i how to nako u-.-j of hi* grva: wealth. Ar. that timr hi-ro was n.'it t':ie pn*««*n£ iK«rf«*ct i-ysti!m of ?tlucMi'.n. and -;r Waitor was at a lew* «-ji«tlur tu ?-I1-J-.W ?ob'«i!.s or rtart ai jiiversity. 1J.. a lvi.i-;l him that tho! i'li'v-.'p-ity wo-.i;.l »k« the rii;h: tlunc. In! .*?'??- a r.!:ai--.-r of tlioji wi*r« «*nB'ai,'e-l in 'ita(';:s!r.:u thi* l'ii!i»n l.''i'frjft*. u::-\ Dr. '??iT«ti« an-l ho wi»it*-d ii|x-a .'^ir W. *.V, l:t «ho- for a grant la :\xf I 'n:--!i - ??i!!i*r-«. and I h.«t ~«-ntlt-mati «.:»?. I !ha: in a lit:!.? w!ii!o hoi vo'ild giv.- th»*:n 1 1 ?-,''?* to i1..* what he lik-d. | \fn-r tin* int'-r. iow U* c-M lir. .icffirrM that j t woul.l l» ^ iinx-.a-:.- to *:ike a-i'-!i a !«ri;-* ?'?mi j or a ti-np-'fary in-:i-.-:;i--n, and h-.» wouM .i:h-T »??-? i: ij^.-l f.-r a l'nivi*r*ity. l-r. Icff^riM h»d th» h-ir.-jiir of wtrlcing mit th«- d^a. i'iT In- w«.-n: aw.iv throupli ill-h»'.i!th. »i.d vh~n ':.- r.-tuni'.-.! '.in- thai; iu i:i train. Ho j !a«l bad a iT'-at di*a! lu do witli IS' city I ni--i ^n*-. and he fo'ind Mr. IL-rrj »?» r-.«:i:« r.e«'t j ni*-i--n*iry hv had -*vor nn'.. *Ho bad a!«nl r-irkt: ! *C Tanna. and n--'.hsnr had t.-uch-*d i urn niof o!» t!«e provio-i* Tu-*«day than tho [ l«v. T. Mi.-M:!!:in'»-ti-:c!iirnt that tbor.ativcx ? '??neBiU»r»-d h:tn with s.'footion. 'Aj.p!au*-i-. i ' lo lo ?-;:?*! forwir-i wr.li ereal intf-rc'l to tin*! ,-riv^l uf hi* -?.! r ?-« t. H- tru«ti-J I,.- wou!-l | :^vi» a warm v.-. ;.-^m»*. an! wu*iM tne--t with :cr.eri)'J- r.-i;: i :? -. Hr briievcil I.i* w.wl i *m ,l.!e \n .:.-»n-l :'??? cri:ic:-ai. They had thi» ic*'t rc\«o:i to »-.\p-*c: a !ir?t-e!a-s'tr.an. II-» ran a ini-.- man. who woul-1 maintain the icntty of a Christian ps»tor. and who would itiild up it con?f*;»:ion. He hoped his pasto a:o wuuld b« one of great success, and tbo congregation, walking in the fear of tho Lord and the comfort of the Holy Ghost, would be multiplied. He thanked them for the recog nition of his daughter. (Applause.) The Rov. F. W. Cox, M.A., spoko appre ciatively of tho valuable services Mr. Lyall had rendered to the cause of Christianity and for the moral welfare of the colony. Hu was in absolute harmony with tho sentiment and spirit with what had taken place, and ho wished Mr., Mrs., and Mias Lyail godnpecd iu the rest of thoir lifo. The Rev. J. D. Sutherland hoped that the remaining years of the lifo of Mr., Mrs., and Muss Lyall would bo beautiful and chastenod and tho harbinger of aatill moro glorious life. The Rev. R. 3. Casklt spoke of tho respect and esteem which the Methodist Church bad for Mr. and Mrs. Lyall. The Rev. C. Manthorpe rejoicod in tho spirit in which the separation had taken place. The Rov. J. T. RoiERTsos said Mr. Lyall left the Church with the respect and esteem Dt tho wholu Christian community and tbe dcc-peit affection of those who knew him best. During the evoning tho choir, under Mr. W. R. Pvbus. rendered several sacred selec tions. Miss Wall sang 'Ave Maria.' Re freshments wore banded round during an interval. 