Review. Lit Dawn and Dash. Poems. By Victor S. Dales', Sydney : Angus and Robertson. We recogni-e the author of this volume as one of the bright brotherhood of bards who have charmed the world by their song and added a new joy to life. Mr. Daley has drunk deeply of the Castalian fount, nas held high converse with tbe spirits who dwell on the slopes and in tha grove3 of Helicon, and he uttera forth his soul in melodious and delicate fancies ; clothes happy thought? in graphic and apt wards ; has dreamed the poet's varied dreams, has surprised tho spirit of beauty in her secret haunts j and sings in many notes, but all of them sweet and graceful. Although a bard all of whose work has appeared in Australian prints, he is not an Australian, but an universal bard. His song concerns itself with themes of general interest, of world-wide experience, and takes no special aspect from the locality in which it has been produced. There is in ono or two instances a local colouring, indeed, but it is colouring which the subject demands. Mr. Daley wields language and rhyme with a mastery very conspicuous ; hia command of epithet is vast ; his tuneful verse has thought in it. Wa place him in the category of poets of which Shalley and Keatj stand at the head — poets possessed of a splendid share of the vision and faeu'ty divine, aud who also excelled in setting forth sweet thoughts in musical diction. Though we also see traces in this volume of that inspiration to which we owe some of Eigar AUnn Poa's and Coleridge's most grim imaginings. As a creator oE beauty in verbal expression Mr. Yictor Daley ia far ia advance of those who have preceded him in this series oE Australian poets; bus from the nature of the product of his muse, his audience, though fit, will be fewer than theirs. It is the fate of singers who have no Bpeciil story to tell, but are content to rest their claim to favour on the delicacy and beauty of their thoughts and the finish] and melody of their verse. The store of gems before us is so great that we have a difficulty ia choosing. But we shall make an attempt to choose, by way of justifying what has baen written above. Take, for an example of fan ciful thought clothed in dulcet phrase, the3e stanzas from,' A Vision of Youth' : A horseman on a hilltop green Drew rein and wound his horn; So bright he looked, he might have been The Herald of the Morn, # # * * # » #-# ..^The rider's eyes like jewels glowed— The world was in his hand — As down tbe woodland way he rode When Spring was ia the land. 5 ' From gi.lden hour to golden hour For him the woodland sang, And from tbe haart of every fiiwsr A singing fairy sprang. 'The Rajah's Sapphires' is a love dream inspired by a pomegranate tree, beneath. which the amorous poet lies, thinking of his fair one's eyes. He sees that '' Within each red sun-cloven Gljssy globe, like little roBy Heart? within a great heart glowing Glow translucent seeds of crimson ; And he has a vision of a Rajah who with vast wealth in his treasury — Tragic-stn-ied splendid jewels — Flashing diamonds, like fillen Stars for whose bright evil beauty Blood ia old days had been spilt that Should have made Yif.em barn like rubies j Emeralds greener til, an Spring's garments, Pearls like unto tears of Peris, . Weeping by the gafceB of Eden ; Opals with their fateful lustre, And many a worldly possession haB no delight in life. For He had dreamt a dream enchanting Of twin-Bappbires blue as Heaven, And his heart was filled with hunger And with yearning to possess them. And the poet, awakening from the vision of the splendours of the palace, finds tho Rajah's sapphires to be his dear one's blue eyes. Of a differing cost is 'The Cruise of tha 'In Memoriam,' ' upon a Euourning trip. Wild wave? were on the windward bow, And breakers on the le» ; And through her sides the women heard The seething of the sea. The ship is practioally in the control of the First Mate, who Bneers in his black beard, whose eyes burn in bis bead, and who brings the vessel within sight of the harbour lights of hel-1. Then we have these lurid stanzas: On flew the ship; to every lip An QBhen pallor came, For alt might see that suddenly The seii had turned to flame. 'The lights were near ; the Sea of Fear Amid the Bilence dire 'On that shore broke ever more Id soundless foam of fire. ' ©h, what are yon grey ghost j and wan,-' Tbe parson cricd, ' who seem With coloured strings of beads to play ' As in a dreadful dream P' ' Damned souls,' the First Mate said, ' they sit, And count, through endless years, Theaioment* of eternity On beads of burning tears.' Then, ' who are you,' tho parson said, 'That talk so free of Hell?' . ; ' My name ia Satan,' he replied, ?' ' Bstrro I ndfsteered you well?' Are there not touches of Coleridge there-P But this drear and dread note is seldom struck by Mr. Daley ; his Btrags are more often of love and -hope and spring. Hera is a sweet verse from a set entitled ' Years Ago' : i But scorn has died upon your lips, and through you Shines out stsrbright an immortal graoe, As though God theu to Hid heaven drew you. And Bent on angel to take your place. In ' Tho Voice of theJSoul ' wo read — In Youth, when through our veins .tuns fast The bright red Btream of life, The Soul's Voice is a trumpet blast That calls us to tho strifp. * * * * * * Youth posses ; like a dungeon glows7- i The Spirit's house of clay : . ; ; The voice that once in muBic rose In murmars dieB away. But in tho dayB when sickneBB sore N Smiles on the body's walls. The Soul's Voice through tho breach once more Like to a trumpet calls. Well shall it be to him who heeds The myBtic summons then ! His after life with loving deeds Shall blossom among men. Among? batch of sonnets wo select the following r for quotation j - * 