OUTWARO BOUND. — HOW HE GOT AWAY. Not very long ago an enterprising young man dwelt in Kalgoorlie In the good lime; he not only made money, but squandered it with both hands, doubtless thinking that the milk and honey would flow 011 for ever, but it did not, and when hard times began to camp upon every man's doorstep he found that the only constant visitor he could rely upon was the bailiff. He was a hustler—a man who did not believe in lying down meekly whilst his enemies walked upon him, so he pawned his best clothes and went forth dryblowing, and did better than the average digger, and his spirit waxed fat and he paid a few of his debts, and would have gone along paying them if his creditors would have given him the ghost of a chance, but they would not; the limbs of the law liuuted him from the dawning to the going down of the sun, and evtn in the stilly hours of the night they were with him, until his nature rebelled, aud he decided that it his 'shaker' brought him any luck he would gather it in and quit the gilded West. He was not a man of many prayers as a rule, but he did pray for a smile from fortune, and at last it came, in the shape of a big healthy nugget. It was morn when he unearthed . the welcome stranger, and at nightfall he was on his way to Fremantle carrying his treasure with him. When he arrived at the coast he soon discovered that he was shadowed, but he determined not to beTjaffled. He bought some nitrate of. silver and dyed himself black, rigged himself out as an Afghan of the lesser class and took a steerage passage to Adelaide under the name of Mahomet Islam, and so boarded the steamer. There he squatted on the forward part of the ocean greyhound placidly smok. ing his pipe, whilst the detectives tumbled ovei' his very feet looking for him, and looking in vain. Six hours after the vessel cleared the port he arose and cast his Afghan garments into Neptune's'bosom and walked forth a free and a merry man, and it is very doubtful if the gilded Westlaud will ever again behold his smiling face, and his creditors, will gather in nothing .more substantial than his blessing. 