MR. M'MILLAN AT BURWOOD. IN SUPPORT OF THE BILL. . A MOST LIBERAL CONSTITU TION. Mr. M'Mlilan, M.P., one of the Federation delegates, delivered Ills first address since the Convention at Burwood last night. The Mayor (Alderman Cardow) presided, and on the platform, besides local aldermen, was Mr. J. T. Walker, another delegate. Apologies were received from Mr. Barton and Mr. R. E. O'Connor. Mr. "M'Mlilan, who was received with cheers, said' he spoke in a dual capacity — first as a citi zen like themselves. By a mass vote of the people he was elected to tho Convention, and whatever might be the result of the great work the delegates had undertaken and done honestly and well, he would always feel it a higfh honor to have sat in the Convention. On his return from Melbourne he desired as early as possible to publicly express his views, but he thought it only -right to wait for a pronouncement from the '-two loaders, Messrs. Barton and Reid. (Cheers.) He did not appear in any parochial capacity, but as member tor this Important dis trict he had to tell them that he would have to go away temporarily at any rate from this country on account of ill-health. He would not have "gone away in face of such important de velopments — with this Federal campaign ahead, and the Impending general election — unless be had been seriously advised to do so by his medical men. It was possible that when he came DacK lie might not he the member for Burwood, but if be remained and became the member, that district might bo represented by a ghost. A GREAT AND NOBLE WORK. Now about Federation. Whatever one might bellove, they must allow that this was a great and noblo work, which called forth the highest national endeavor that our politicians had jel attempted. He would endeavor to state what he believed to bo the honest position, because an attempt had been made to blind the peop't - to tho real results of the Convention s vork- There wcro four kinds of peopfa with whom one had to reckon. First, the earnest and practically convinced lrpilr- rationist whom one could understand , se. . rend the earnest nnd convinced and possibly honest autl-Fcdcratloulst, who could also be do- pended on. Next came the largo body Peob!c who had studied this question very llUle. hut were anxious to know about it; and .there was j great danger that if Federation was not pu be fore that class of electors, many would fail to, go to the poll. Tliut was what be feared— not the verdict of the majority who would otc- There was a fourth class of peoplo to_ be con sidered, who wero antl-Federationists of a pecu-. . liar type. He would go no f.ir as to include some journals, and say that they were willing to allow, and had allowed in the most pronounced terms within tho last two years, that sooner than- not have Federation at all, they would take the bqi. bam. ivLiHrw liow determined tho foo. of the present movement, it would not bo dftnied- for a moment that as an Instrument for domocra- cv as an Instrument or government and a liberal measure; the bill that had just been perfected In. Melbourne far exceeded In liberal tendencies th(j bill of 1891. (Cheers.) Now, why did this somer- sault.take place? It seemed to him absolutely in- explicable. T1IE plSGAIj qUESTI0N- A great many people who wero ardent Fcdcra- tionists, oven far the bill of 1891, had recently taken up the cry that frcotrade would lie in dan ger, nnd lhat it was impossible to federate un less we had seme kind of assurance that frootrada would be continued 111 this colony. They had also asserted that, tills Constitution was subversive ot the principle of majority rule— that the peoples vote would not be properly recorded. He .had always been or opinion that, if tliey were going to place this Constitution before tlie peoplo, thn first necessity was to be honest. Now, wero they going to give way to the rule of tlie majori ty? Wero tliey going to trust themselves to n Parliament In which the House of Representa tives would shape tlie fiscal policy of the coun try more or less, as practically representing tho mass of tho people? Nobody would deny that the 'House of Representatives represented tlie great mass of the people, because tlie representatives were oleoted according to numbers. But it was rather late In tlio day for one lo turn round now. Had there been any change in the picture? Wero there not four colonies outside New South Wales III which thorn was a distinct tendency towards protective principles, and there had been no diminution of that principle during the Inst few years In which tills Federal campaign had boon carried on, and was It likely that we were going to retain absolutfc freetrado against a voto re. presenting throe and a half millions? PLEDGED TO FEDERATION. Now lie would show how unfair was tho antago. nlsm to tho bill. He remembered some time ago Mr. Reid, fallowing up tho policy adopted by a meeting of Premiers at Ilobnrt, bringing up a Federal Enabling Hill. It was n 1)111 to create a Convention, with a mandate to form a Constitu tion for all Australia. Who passed that, bill? Tho ropresenlnllvro of the people, and did not this mean lhat the Parliament of this country gave In Us adhesion lo tho principle of Federa tion? (Cheers.) Surely It did. And yet the members of t hat. House had boon the bitterest, op ponents at all stages that this principle lind had tn meel. Would anyone doubt t lint we were ripo for Federation? Surely with a population of three anil a hal" or four millions in this island ponti ne!., with the question of war almost plunging ' the civilised, nations of the world Into conflict. .surely It was tlnie we should arlso to I'm full dignity of a nation to defend otirsclvos, no longer - remnlning la swatjdllug clo'thes and depondqut; tipon other people, but taking our place among Anglo-Saxon people, among clvlltaod nations. (Loud cheers.) TWO MAIN OBJECTIONS. r There was no machinery of government which could possibly be perfect, but the two main objec tions to the bill were, first, that It was unfair to the larger States, and sccoud, that It was too conser vative.! Now, as far as the unfairness to the larger 'States was concerned, it must be clear that no matter- how liberal- the Constitution it' must not destroy the Federal idea. It was conceded by every "constitutional authority that ffhero could .not bo a Federal form of govern ment without two Houses, and yet underlying a great deal of the objection to the bill, and under lying, a great deal of what bo called dishonest criticism, was a desire to have only one Chamber, and failing that, to so emasculate the second Chamber as to render it impotent. If one did not give to one Chamber sufficient power to exercise the functions for which it was formed, it would bo better to sweep it out of existence. In every system of responsible government with two Chambers, one must preponderate, and that one must represent tho popular voico of tho people/ The Convention had tried to frame two Chambers, ono of which represented tho (Federal Idea in tho Senate, which would safe guard tho rights of tho States, and tho other, elected according to numbers, which would prac tically bo on tho lines of our Lcgi&Iativo; As sembly. This Constitution, if it ends in any thing, goes beyond the present conditions of our lenown constitutional experience, and he would say further, that wc had no right in (framing a Constitution for the people to go be yond our present conditions. What ono had to do was to framo a (Institution which, while (keeping alive tho Federal idea on tho most advanced ideas of tho present time, allowed of amendment according to newer conditions, and was sufficiently elastic to meet varying condi tions. "Now, take tho American Constitution and tho Federal Constitution, and he would ask . -whether tho mode of amendment was not 10 times "more liberal' and flexible In ours. THE SENATE. One of tho best ways of dealing with the Consti tution In tho midst of tho enormous amount of censure, that had been levelled against tho work of tho Convention was to try aiuLeompare it with the Constitution of the United States of America. The Senate In that country was elected by the Parliaments of the different States, and when they ,v» paw, as they had seen, tlio unfortunate log-roiling :! . that had gone on in this country in arranging for tho Public Works Commltteo, when they knew that.pvcry local Parliament would ho dominated "more-QC-less by local views, they would see that rpssr-ss.;-. - - when tho Convention had resorted to tho expe dient of the people of a colony voting as a whole. It was "a more honest expedient, and was as democratic as any man could contrive. The whole elcctlous were to ho on tho one-man-one- . . V A vote principle for tho Senate and the House of Representatives alike. There was another dif- xorence DCiween mo aenai.o uere miu u»u ui America. In America the Senate was decidedly the more powerful of the two Houses. Here the \- Senate would have no right to amend money hills, < / -and, -again-, there was a provision in this Consti- ' < tutioA that in tho last resort the two Houses 'Of tho'LeglSlat.ure must meet and decide their differ- ; . nnces if- they could not be adjusted in any other . ' . 'way. Again, it was said tbey bad in the framing of the Constitution so framed it that the House of Representatives was shorn of its rights: that in- < stead of tho voice of the people being heard, as (< it should be, the vote would be carried by tho imlnorlty of-the poople. \- V.- -'i":.--. .. .MONEY BILLS. / No money bill could be originated except in . . '-.the "House of Reoresentatlves, and the Senate "could not amend a money bill. It could either % accept or reject It, or it could suggest amernl- ':h' \ xrieuts. If these suggestions were adopted they -i . . 7 . became the amendments of the House of Reprc- sentatives. This was a very different thing ; from givipg the Senate power to amend money ; : hills; for one thing it gave the Lower House tho control of! the public funds. The representatives of tho people, in other words, had the control ' of the purse. The Upper House was part of the system of bicameral government, a system that > was defensible on every ground. Mr. M'MUlan ' . then defended the Uppfr House at some length, : his chief point being that it acted as, a check up on a Lower House that might ho disposed to be corrupt. ,r . THE REFERENDUM. Then they were told that tho bill was not demo cratic enough, because the referendum had not been introduced into it. He believed that jf a provision of that nature had been introduced into ' . . % the measure a great deal of the opposition- with which it had been assailed would have ceased, but it was purely a question whether the people of this country believed in it or not. A Voice: Are you in favor of it? \ Mr. M'Millan: No, -he was not. He,, however, drew a distinct line, botween tho referendum as laid down in this bill and the referendum which" they would soon have on the bill. He held ' v'that-tho genius -of our people was for industry and peace, and one of the greatest and most , difficult things In the government of the commu- nity was to get at the real opinion of the people. It was only when some .great material question \ ' was touched, cno that went right down to the hearts of tho people,' that they could be got to. the polling -booth; therefore lie said that a re- v : ferendum on any but the greatest of public ques- tions was a sham, and the vote upon it would not represent the people of the country. There had, however, been put into this Constitution an elastic clause, by which if a national referendum v were determined on -It could be taken by a very simple process, and without great expenso. ' / .." THE FINANCES. As regarded the finances, they had had the most pertinacious opposition from a largo section of the community, and if there was anything that would strengthen tho opinion which ho expressed v, when the Convention first opened in Adelaide, it . - had been more than strengthened during the last few months. He held that there was no solution of the financial problem until they met the now conditions which would he found in the A."/;- ' Federal Parliament; therefore, it was better to ' remit the question to that Parliament to settle. : . - Tho first principle of finance in this Federal 'A cbmpact was (hat there should be freetrade be- . s - V tween the- colonies. Tho different States would gjve up their Customs duties. A tariff for tho . : „ r ! 4 whole of Australia must be uniform, and that uni- tormity must be made by the Federal Parliament. The tariff would not be framed for Victoria, . / - South Australia, or New South Wales; it would " be framed for tho whole country, and he was 'hopeful that' the tariff would be more in accord with tho nrineiDles lie himself favored than any tariff outside that of New South Wales, f THE FEDERAL REVENUE. v -The. Federal Parliament could frame a tariff .'"that would bring in a revenue of, say, ' £6,000,000."' Out of that sum the expenses of Go- . vernmont would amount to, say, a million and a half; the remainder would be distributed among the States. It wojild be manifestly unfair to distribute it on a per capita basis, because the > ' differences in tho fiscal systems of the colonies WPJild operate to the disadvantage of New South \- 'Wales, owing to the fact that she had been for , v » years iinder a freetrade tariff, while the other colonies, notably Victoria, wore more or less pro tective in their character. In any case, whatever vthe future might be, they had so to arrange V "their .finances as to deal with an absolutely 3tinknPwn "quantity. They did not know ,/wbat the tariff might be — whether a .revenue or a protective ono. With a tariff, of six '"'millions, Sir Edward Braddon calculated that one and a half millions would go for Federal ex penditure and to cover the services taken over \- by tho Federal Parliament, and that four and a ;half millions would have to be divided .among 'tho States; But that was taking for granted a state- of affairs which nobody could foresee. He looked upon that as an enormous blot in the bill, rendering it absoluto nonsense. But it was nonsenso on the side of Federal economy, and it might make a Federal Minister resort to. ques- 'tionable ways for raising Federal revenue. It Blmply showed that tho Convention raado a mis- . take in fixing any mechanical operation with re gard to these finances. Tho delegates ought to bavo said, "Wc aro dealing with an unknown > - . quantity, and we will leave that matter to bo decided by the Federal Parliament." For, after all, what would this Federal Parliament be? It would be elected by the people themselves. Thus we were simply confiding our own rights and privileges to our own people. THE RAILWAYS. Certain critics had said that we ought to have \--.given over our railways to the Federal Parlia- ment. He belioved tho time would corao when our. railway system would become a great na- '."V tidnal network, and then the systems should bo consolidated, but the time was not ripe yet. But on the other hand, what did wo retain, as against what wo gave up? In tho first place, ..there was tho land. Wo had not given up an inch of our territory, and wo still had two-thirds of tho colony's area unalienated. Next came : our mines. Wo still retained aU our: great mines and tlieir mineral wealth. Also our rivers. On this point it had been laid down as an es sential condition that the State owned the waters for irrigation and conservation. Tho only re servation was that wo wero not allowed to play tho pirate over tho waters, to the detriment of / navigation and the rights of others, but prac tically we retained all tho rights over our great waterways. Besides tho waters, we still had the railways, and iu face of all these facts It was absolute falsification of tho Convention's ' work to say It liad given away tho rights of New South Wales. (Cheers.) Ho had heard that a great many of tho wealthy men of the. country wero opposed to Federation; but if we wero now so prosperous by reason of our freetrado policy, and stood bead and shoulders above every other colony, should wo not bo' twice as prospe rous- with the whole of Australia open to our markets, and all theso artificial boundaries knock ed down? (Cheers.) DEADLOCKS. There was a provision In the bill for- deadlocks. : .- Now, it was a mistako to look upon deadlocks ,r: as absolute calamities.- I-Io was perfectly cer- tain' that/when a deadlock occurred States would \- N not be found taking sidos. On the other hand, tho same differences of views would occur, such as made Liberals and Conservatives, or free traders ' and protectionists. Tbeso would act and re-act until a deadlock would simply be like a fight between freetrade and protection. Now, what was the solution of a deadlock? Simply the common sense of tho people who dealt with our laws. (Cheers.) Was there any fear that tho power of public opinion would not be felt within a reasonable period in a country like this? But it had been decided that there should be a safety valve in the simultaneous dissolution of both Houses. If they don't then agree, thoy meet together, and a certain majority decides the issuo. That wan surely as rcasonablo a solution as anyone could hope for. With such a liberal Cci-stitution — surely tho most liberal tho world had ever seen — the onus of proving that it would be a failure must rest with the opponents of the bill. Even if it were a loss liberal measure, it was a slander upon the character, the heritage, and the experience of British people to say that it gave aw?;y the principles of popular gov ernment. If we wanted Federation, it was not- an honest position to say (hat this was wrong and that was wrong, ignoring the other side alto gether. These critics either ignored the frame work of the bill altogether, or they did uof. want a Federal Constitution at all. THE JUDICIARY. There would be a Federal Supreme Court to con serve the rights or the people and the rights «of the Constitution. It was provided' that there should be a High Court of Judicature, aud that would have two great functions. In the first place any bill passed by Parliament would, if not founded on the principles of the Constitution, be declared absolutely invalid. The Supreme Court would be composed of judges absolutely independent of political life. Another great func tion of this Court" would be to prevent interneclno warfare. It would arbitrate between individuals and States, and between State and State. There was a similar Court In America, and the Judges composing that Court were looked upon as annag tlio most eminent lawyers in the world; their integrity had never been impugned. THE CAPITAL. He was sorry that the Premier In bis speech on the preceding night snid that the capital wovild not likely be In New South Wales unless Queens land joined the Federation. He did not: think they could lake that for granted, even if Queens land did not join. In his opinion thero was a strong feeling in the Convention, which would probably be re-echoed in tiie Federal Parliament, thai, (ho capital: in Federal territory, should bo In the colony of New South Wales. And it should be in this country. He trusted that It would bo situated on one of our table-lands, in a de cent climate, where the work of legislation could be carried on in comfort. They had bceu told that Queensland, so far as its people wero con cerned. was quite willing to come in; that it was only the Government that blocked the way. He for his own part felt perfectly certain that Queensland would come in before long. THE PREMIER'S ATTITUDE. It was a matter of gratification to tho friends of Federation that the Premier, on the preceding night had announced that ho was going to vote in favor of the bill, and that he would not at all events oppose it, nor would the Government do so. He had no wish to say anything against tho Premier, but he must say that this great na tional question was not one merely for tho dele gates; it was one that must bo put in the very forefront of our politics. And to do that the Government must not stand still; it must take sides. If tbe bill was a bad one, then it ought to bo opposed by every Government; but if it was a good one it ought to be supported by every Government. There could be no standing stiYh The Constitution was framed by a Convention that was more democratic than conservative. Was it expected that they wero going to get a bill that would be all in favor of Now South Wales as against tho other colonics? Was that what tho manhood and fairness of this colony demanded? When ho saw that men who wero prepared to accept the draft bill. of 1S91, which was far more conservative than this one, wero not now pre pared to accept this ono because it was too con- servatrve ho felt that tho opposition was not ail honest. A PERSONAL MATTER. Ho was sorry to say that he found it n/ecessary for Reasons of health to go away, and that ho would not bo here through the Federal campaign. It was also impossible for him to bo here at tho next general election, and he had already called his friends together, and taken counsel with them. It liad entered his head that he ought to resign hts place in Parliament, but he felt that it would not be right to place the electorate in the posi tion of having to choose a representative so short a time before the general election, therefore ho had determined not to resign. His friends thought ho ought to stand for rc-electiou. All ho could say was that he placed himself in the hands of his constituents. It was certainly rather hard to ask them to work for hira in his absence, but his friends thought he ought to come forward j again, and ho would place hlipself unreservedly in their bands. (Cheers.) 