NEW YEAR'S EVE IN PERTH. If, as the Bard of Avon puts it, all the world's a stage, and' mankind its players, surely every period of 365 days may be regarded as one act in the great drama which began with the Creation and has been continuing ever since. Last night witnessed the termination of the latest act, the death of the old year, and as the hour of midnight counted out its last second, the stars beheld the birth of the now. Both events were taken quietly the French always say the English take their pleasures sadly, And if while the old year lay a-dying but few regrets were felt for the twelve months whose last moments were dropping from the hour-glass of Time, the pleasure which heralded the springing of the new year into birth was certainly mild. The beauty of the night, as much as the late closing of the shops and the desire to see 1897 out and lSnS in, tempted a large number into the streets, but it was noticeable that large at. the gathering was it fall far short of the numbers which were in the streets when 1880 became a year that is past. 0? course the number of places of amusement are greater. With the Theatre Royal, Cremorne Gardens, the Olde Englyshe Fayre and the Flying Jordans all vieing with each other in the entertainment presented to the people, and reaping abundant success for the enterprise of their proprietors, it is hardly to be wondered at that the frequenters of the streets were not so numerous as on previous similar occasions. The crowd, though a quiet one, was not, however, wanting in animation. Holidays again, and with the necessary hampers for the races to-day not yet Cumulated, and the stores full of the very things most appreciated when attending the sport of kings," and bright with the varied hues of their multitudinous wares, it sometimes appeared as though the greater portion of the people in the streets were distinguished by two characteristics-the people who went into the shops to buy, and those who issued thence laden with purchases. Of the others, there were the young men who were proof against the charms of feminine company, when the chance of the favourite for to-day's Derby were to be discussed; there were the young women and girls who displayed quite as strong a predilection for each other'! society as the members of the opposite sea showed for that of their own kind ; and there were also the young of both sexes who found in association with each other pleasure transcending even a discussion of the probable Derby winner. All these, together with the street sellers of fruit fish and sweets, the mounted guardians of the peace, whose duty seemed almost a sinecure amongst such a well-behaved gathering, the 'Ims and cab drivers, who seemed almost governed by the law of perpetual motion, made up the rest of the throng of living, moving, chattering humanity. And to give additional variety to the scene, here and there were to be heard the strains of the itinerant street musicians, this band at a corner, that in a public house playing a merry jig for dancing feet or an accompaniment for a gentleman who sang an alleged comic song-" In Brighturn," with a world of emphasis on the " turn. In another place, a man, apparently of extortionate character, was selling ordinary envelopes for a shilling, while in reality he suffered from occasional spasmodic generosity which caused in to give a considerable money prize to the lucky individual who happened at the same time to draw a number which entitled him to it, Further on another extremely benevolent person, dressed in the highest altitudes of fashion, and desirous of '. Fostering the speculative industry," as one of his assistants put it, bestowed a prize on everyone who ventured to wore the " fickle jade " by doing business with him. These certain guardians of the peace watched with in- quisitorial eye, but were evidently unable to find anything contrary, to the gaming laws, which caused one of them when re- suming his beat to leave a prodigious sigh, apparently of disappointment. The evening wore on, and at ten o'clock " the streets began to grow somewhat clear, as the shops commenced to close. It was, not, however, yet closing time, as many people had to complete their purchases and among them could be seen one of the strongest supporters in the Assembly of the Early Closing Bill, which failed to become law. By degrees the shops emptied of buyers, and the great majority of the people found their way home. There remained, nevertheless, large numbers in the streets. Some retook them to the watchnight services in St. , George's Cathedral and Wesley Church ; others followed the hands which, in obedience to custom, played the old year out and the new year in, with varying degrees of musical proficiency, and in divers stage: of merriment, induced by grievous- pora tions. Others gave vent to their feelings in snatches of song, while occasionally a cab full of roysterers drove rapidly through the streets, to the accompaniment of loud hurrahs and the singing of the song which always brings to mind the worm that never dies, viz., " 'The Miner's Dream."' A few, less law-abiding, bred them hither and thither, and operated magnates and knockers in quiet places with a pers*air:ucy deserving-' of a better cause, or a large and hungry bull-dog. And in the midst of all this, the old year went out into that realm of the past whence only the ghosts of the acts of humanity ever return, and his successor, 1893, appeared bearing promises of a prosperous future, as to the lips of all then sprang the greeting of the season-A Happy New Year. WATCH NIGHT SERVICES. A very large congregation attended the watch-night service at the Anglican Cathedral last night. The service was conducted by the Dean of Perth, who preached an appropriate sermon. Mr Edward Letch officiated at the organ. alter the pronunciation of the Benedic- tion the congregation dispersed, wishing one another good wishes for the coming year as they passed the threshold of the church. In Wesley Church the Rev. G. E. Rowe officiated. The service commenced at 11.43 and was continued till shortly after mid- night. A large congregation was present, the church being filled. Mr. Letcher, of) Melbourne, delivered an address appropriate to the occasion. A few minutes before midnight the congregation engaged in silent prayer, and in this manner the old year was ushered out and the new year introduced. The worshippers then joined in singing the hymn " Come let its anew" a hymn which has been sung in all Wesley Churches throughout the world at similar services during the past 15 years. The service was concluded by officiating clergyman pronouncing the Benediction. 