-literary- notes. " fFRbii' 6dE BPfiCIAt CORRESPONDENT. . LONDON, 28th January. The' "Academy" has crowned the two foremost books of 1897, and after much diffi culty in making up its mind has awarded 100 guineas to Mr. Stephen Phillips for his "Poems," and 50 guineas to Mr. William Ernest Henley for liis "Essay on the Life, Genius and Achievement of Burns." The purpose of. the awards was to select two of tiie best books of tlie year irrespective of the age or standing of the authors, "excel lence .. of performance" being preferred above "richness of promise." The rivals of Phillips in the eyes of the- "Academy" were Francis Thompson, whose work it considered "a scries "of magnificent experi ments"; William Watson, whose Hope of the World showed a decline from his previous poems, and Henry Newbolt, whose Admirals All were not held quite worthy of tho. honor of ."coronation." Henley's essay more than held' its . own against W. P. Ker's "Epic and Romance," Walter Raleigh's "Style," and Arthur Symons's "Studies in Litera ture." Other works worthy of considera tion were Joseph Conrad's "Nigger of the Narcissus," "too slight and episodic"; Ben jamin Swift's "The Tormentor," Kipling's "Captains Courageous," W. W. Jacob's "Tlie Skipper's Wooing," Miss Coleridge's "The King with T.tvo Faces," Madame. Dar- mesteter's "Life of Renau," and Mrs. Con stance Gnrnett's translation of Turgenev.'s novels. "The author of St. Ives," says the , "Academy," "is, . nlns, dead," while Mrs. Craigie, who, by the way, states that she adopted the name of John Oliver Hobbes to keep her. from being too. sentimental, did not wish her "School for Saints," a copy of which has been accepted by the Queen, to he entered for competition. However divergent may be the opinions of litterateurs on tlie qualities of the various hooks of tlie year, it must be gene rally admitted that the "Academy" has chosen two books of signal merit. Phillips's poems, in addition to tho grandeur of achievement, exhibit to a. marked degree the "richness of promise." Henley's essay, on the other hand, probably represents this veteran's high water mark. Mr. Phillips, who is quite a young man, finding prepara tion for tho civil service deadening to liis muse, took up acting, and played several Shakspearian parts with his cousin, Frank Benson. Poetry then claimed liim for her own, and ho became a frequent contributor to the "Spectator," at the same time lectur ing on English poetry at Messrs. Wolfram and Necdham's army classes at Lee. With tlie appearance of his Christ in Hades, "a wonderful dream which stirs tlie heart in every line," he was hailed as a true poet. While taking Tennyson us his model, he has struck a full, original and melodious note of his own. Dignity of thought, piclur- esqueness of imagery, a wonderful know ledge of love of humanity and nature mark his two classics, Marpessa and Christ in Hades. .Marpessa is the beautiful tale of a maiden, given her choice between the god Apollo and the mortal Idas. Each in turn ivoos her, Apollo offering her tho glory of immortality, Idas only tlie varied joy and gloom of mortal love. Marpessa would not forego the doom, the place — Whither in v poets and. my hemes went . . before me. .'/Immortality without one sigh" is alien to lier, for she declares — . Yet I, being human, human sorrows miss. The halt of mu-ie, I have heard men say, Is to Mvfc gHcvcd. r She and Idas will live together and . . . . . grow old Together; and he shall not greatly miss My hlpom faded and. waning light of eyes, Too deeply gazed in ever to seem dim. Christ in .Hades pictures with impressive simplicity the visit of the Saviour to the "excluded ghosts in hades," Who in the sudden cessation of their torments gather round Him, imploring Him to lead them . only to look Upon the- wonderful-sunlight, and to' smell Earth- in the rain.' ( But with the sight of unredeemed Prome theus' on liis crag, Christ knows "that for a time the great advauee He must delay." The dead wander off — -tim uucci nixn mk>h ms pciuracG up periiaps Less easily from tmch an interval; The vault closed buck; woe upon woo, the wheel Hevolved, the stone rebounded ; for I? from that liiiiti. .' . Iladcs her interrupted life resumed. These two / poeuis will stand as classics. There are 15 others in tho little volume, the most striking of which deal with the realistic; tragedies of modern life. Grim and gliaBtly are The Woman with the Dead Soul, upon which Dismally as rain on ocean blear the davs e-vistence lean, in sky dead grcv, . Withholding steadily, starved it'away. and The Wife, the terrible story of it wife who, going forth into the city's garish streets to-got in the one way possible food for her. starving husband, returns to find him dead. But Mr. Phillips's realistic tra gedies and lighter lyrics, though full of beautiful, verse, show but the promise of the poet. The stately blank verse of liis Marpessa and Christ in Hades will crown his head with the true poetic laurels. Amidst the large crop of biographies and. travels that lias sprung up in tlie lust fort night but few novels have made their ap pearance like poppies to brighten the heavier liteTary grain. And those few have been sombre in hue. Of them the most powerful is "The Confession of Stephen Whapslinre," by Emma Brooke, the author of "A Superfluous Woman." It is a tragedy, enacted by four characters, with but one supreme sin and one transcendent act of self-negation. Stephen Wltapsharc, the son of Devoii fisher parents, a "big, red blooded man," of tho stuff that makes its mark in the world; "weds with inilk and water." That' is. the tragedy of it. From the time he is bound to Ida Dowsou by a bondage that becomes a lingering torment their "pDiwliinl D!irf« turiinrl IliG sttiA fpAm other, and began their separate journeys, nor once again met or touched until the hour of tlieirlgreat catastrophe." His wife is a good woman and an invalid, and she loves and. trusts him; - but brought up on narrow lines she is always 'resigning herself to her afflic tion, and fearing that she or her husband should stray from the "narrow way." She can never bear, liini out of her sight; she cannot enter into liis thoughts and aspira tions, and so the strong mail, instead of expending his energies on work for the world, finds liis life rotting with the "duty, of dragging liis burden up hill and down dale, and of listening to the perpetual chat ter of a soul'6 advance that never changed." Through all those years of -deathly routine liis wife never gave one hint of understand ing of the asphyxiating influence on her companion soul. The man's whole man hood was broken, and so came about the crime that killed tlie body of his wife, but startled the one fine action of lier life from lier. The other characters are a faithful, taciturn woman, Mary, who thoroughly un derstands her master and the pity of liis life, and Eleanor Blakemore, the sympathetic, broad minded woman whom he loves too late, and. who, though banished from bim by liis crime, runs always on the path to meet him." The characters are developed with an artist's hand, and the book is full of strange, mystic images that raise its style far above that of tlie ordinary novel. . Mr. Stead's "Modern Maid," Miss Etheline Morris, committed suicide last week by throwing herself from the window of, her flat. She was only 24, but bad twice suffered from attacks of brain fever, and it was tlie combined effect of over work and influenza that led to her death. Of, French origin, she married at 17, and almost immediately separated from her husband in sad circumstances. Coming to: London, she had a hard struggle for exis tence until Mr. Stead took her up and in troduced her to journalism. Her best' known work was' the record ' of the life of "Charlie Wilson," the woman painter ip man's garb. The tale of her trials and' temptations in "Modern Babylon" she re lated in a novel "A Modem Maid," which Mr. Stoad wss about to publish when he discovered her parentage, andwasdissuaded from" making Ihe story of her life public. The manuscript is still extant, and may yet see the light. . Mr. Henley.'s essay, which is now re printed from the "Centenary Burns," and published by Wliittakcr and Go. for Is., in robust and vigorous in style. With 111# firm toueli of a Rembrandt of tlie pen, Mr. Henley makes the portrait of Burns stand out from the canvas, Burns the man as he was "first and last a peasant, and first and last n peasant in revolt ngainst tlie kirk, a peasant resolute to he a buck" .... (not tho tame imaginary Burns, the sentimental ists would make him out), and Burns the poet of the Vernacular Folk Song. Both for its keen conception of the real Hums, and for its clear slashing style colonial readers should oitler this little volume. It is said by the way that 50 guineas will not come amiss to the author, ' whose ill-licalth has miide his literary career one long struggle, and has compelled him to relinquish much of his work. There is some talk of a civil list pension for him, and certainly as much for the encouragement he has given to a brilliant hand of young writers in tlieir first upward flight, ns for liis own literary la bors, the lute editor of the "New Review" deserves well of tlie nation. Rennell ltoild's Ballads of the Fleet have perhaps not quite so much terse strength as Newbblt's Admirals All, but tliey car ried me away — past Sloane-square, where T should have left the grimy sulphurous un derground, to realms where A breeze came perfume laden from tho heart of the tropic zone, And crinkling waves tossed round them tlie drift of a shore unknown, and where The sip of the trees ran white like milk, the wounds in tho hnrk rail blood; Tlie fruit hung luscious on every hougli, and the rfiie fruit grew by tho hud. "It's Westward Ho! once more" is tlie keynote of the ballads, which narrate in gallant virile verse full of the "go" of Eng land's heroes in the vivid atmosphere of the tropics, tlio exploits of our old friends the "Little pirate," Francis Drake; his kinsman, JohnJIliwkins, "Farson Fletcher, Humphry Gilbert, Oxcnliam and l'cake, they Who first dared 'dream, and dreaming dared — while all wns yet to do; To roll the bounds of empire hack beyond the hounds they knew; To hind the winds their bondsmen, and hold the tide their slave; And claim for island England dominion o'er the wave. Mr. Rennell Rodd I will not say lias caught tho dauntless Elizabethan spirit, for it is clearly in liis blood, and our regret that his occupations as a diplomatist have al lowed liim so far to only partially realise liis projected scries of ballads on the great Elizabethan mariners is counterbalanced by our pride that. England on her missions to Mcnclik and other savage potentates is represented by a man of such chivalrous instincts, mnidy gallantry and dauntless daring. The brave ballad of Richard l'eakc, who with no other weapon than his quar- terstaff defeated three hidalgos "steel armored cap-a-pie" was given audience of the King of Spain, and sent to his home by Tavyside and "Quiberon"— the tale of the dying captnin, who when a round shot car ried off the three-cornered hat of Bruns wick's duke, the figurehead of his ship, had liis own cocked lint nailed on instead, that it . might never be said that the duke un covered to any Frenchman — should he favorites with reciters in search of some thing new. Of the numerous biographies of tlie past fortnight the three principal are those of living men. Tlie Prince of Wales, Mr. Glad- stone and Joseph Arch. The Prince's life is by an anonymous author, who is announced precisely ill one paper and denied even more precisely' in another, to he Alius Marie Belloe (Mrs. Lowndes) , 'formerly one of Mr. Stead's staff oil the "Review of Reviews." For those who like to know what the Prince cats, and drinks and smokes, how he shoots, and works, anil travels incognito, 'and such facts as that "in his half century of existence, his Royal Highness must have been prayed for aloud in Anglican churches alone, at least a hundred million times!" this is tho sort of book they will like. It doesn't profess to be more than a com plete and somewhat bald record of the Prince's rather uninteresting existence. The usual stories of the Prince's courtesy and bonhomie arc scat- tered through it. Tins one shows what, ac cording to London tradition, Mr. Harry Trott should have done with his famous cigar. On one occasion when attending a big Arc, his Royal Highness asked a reporter for somo details, which were instantly given. At tlie conclusion ot the conversation tlie Prince offered liis informant a cigar, which the latter immediately wrapped "up in u page «f liis note-hook, and placed in ids pocket. "Don't you smoke?" asked tlie Prince. "Oh, yes," said tlie reporter, "hut I nm not likely ever- to get another cigar from the Prince -'of Wales." The Prince laughed, and once more pro ducing Ills cigar case, said, "You had hotter have another one, tills time to smoke." One of the anecdotes dates hack to the time of the war between Denmark and Prussia, when, of course, tlie sympathies of the Prin cess Of Wales were all in favor of her native land. It was said that a Royal visitor at Windsor at tiiis time asked Princess Beatrice what she would like for a present. The Princess stood in doubt, and begged tlie Princess of Wales to advise lier. The result' of' a whispered conversation between tho two was that tlie little princess declared aloud that she would like to have Bismarck's head on a charger! Mr. Justin M'Cartliy's "Story of Glad stone's Life " is an eminently readable one. Mr. 'M'Cartliy is in thorough sympathy with his subjects, and a hero worshipper, but yet he lias the power — possessed by so few who write of their own times — of stand ing as it were on 'one side aud recording the impressions of an onlooker unmoved by any bias or partisanship. As a fellow worker of Mr. Gladstone and a considerable factor in the conversion of the Grand Old Man to Home Rule for Irelnnd, Mr. M'Cnrthy is able to sketch the character of his hero very largely -from personal knowledge, and to bring strong evidence against the popular idea that Mr. Gladstone changed his faith on tiie questions oi irec-trauc, tue uisestaii- lishmcnt oi tlie Irish church, the enlarge ment of the suffrage, and Home Rule, to gain votes. Two thousand copies of Mrs. Bishop's "Korea" were sold by the day following publication, an achievement very largely due to the increased interest in the East. 