CHAPTER XXXI.--THE WARNING HEEDED. ColonelFerrls sat in his warm quarters with his adjutant,. Captain Guy Noland, and his niece, EtheL. Willis, watching the terrlfic storm that was ragtng-rith out. "I was wrong to let them venture, but who would have thought such a blizzard would have kept up so long this early in the winter?" said the colo nel, anxiously. "I have such faith in Cody, sir, that I feel they will come through all right," Captain Nolan remarked. "Then he has' with him Surgeon Powell, uncle, and'le is a host in l?im self; while both Sedford- and Enmory are good officers, and the'whole cm mand are picked men," remarked Ethel Willis' a beautiful girl of eighteen,;the belle of the post, who had won the heart of every man, woman, and child in the garrison. 'I admit all.thgt you say, Ethel, ¢6 to the seont; officers; and men ;'fbut.they have Nature to subdue in fighting.this storm, aid: the contest is.too unequal, for.we have had three' days of it now.". "See,' uncle,' the snow has ceased, the wind is losing Its strength, and there is a break of iunshline in the cloud,'. cried Ethel. The colonel and Captaln Nolan sprang to the window where she stood, and saw thart it was as the young lady had said. "The storm is certalnly over, ard it has doubtless ended with them'in the mountains sooner than here. Yes, and we shall have a clear sunset," the colo nel said. The sun did set in a clear sky, and the next day it was a beautiful one, and the snow began to melt. The colonel and Ethel had just risen from dinner - for cl?e was his housekeeper, having- been left to his care when she was an orphan child, and had been the joy of his bscthe lor life ever since-when Captain Noland came in hastily, and:said i "Pardeon me, co!onel, but Scout Brad ford has just come-on-from the command which he left twenty miles from here at noon, and has -this note- from Seaford for you."' ,. The colonel eagerly.-took' the ,letter and r~ad.aloud: "We pushed on to Cody's Cap and found there a Land of about two hundred Indians, and gave them battle-will re port fully upon return-and next night were guided to outlaw camp in storm by Cody's Ghost Guide, who left us a warning that the Indians would attack the fort and settlements as soon as the thaw came. We have reason to feel that the information is correct, and in sending this Information to you I also despatch scouts .long the' stage-line to the "settlements'. ad' in?niig.-c iamps to give warning, as from here they can get the news far quicker than from the post. "We expect to be in about nightfall; and I would urge, sir, that the Ghost Guide's warning be regarded with full confidence. Cody just reports that our bands of Indians sheltering in the moun talns from the storm." "Good for Seaford!" exclaimed the co lonel, when he had finished reading the lleutenant'a' letter; ' "It is now."thriee o'clock, and they willlbechere by' six, doubtless.' They went to the.outlawrs' ratrea1t; 'ten, and had a bri-ushaliith the red-skins. It"is hiard to believe that this Ghost Guide can be-right albout the In dians- but I will heed the w-arning, and all must be prepared at once to resist at' tack,' Noland, while couriers must be sent to the camps, settlements, and along the stage-lines in case Seaford's men fall to get through. Send Scout Brad ford here, and I wall talk with him, for we must learn more of the expedition." The scout came in, looking haggard and hard worked. He was a fine-look ing fellow, and in a few words told his story of the expedition, and added, in his frank way : S-"Them red-skins is going to hit us, co lonel, and hit us hard; and without the warning we got of their coming, they would have swept us clean off the earth." The colonel and his adjutant waited to hear no more, but visited every part of the post, put: the officers and men on their mettle, strengthened weak places, and left noth ing undone to give the red-skins a sur prise, where they expected to have all their own way by striking a blow with a large force when they were supposed to be harmless and gone into winter quar ters. It was just nightfall when the com mand marched In, and they were looked upon as heroes every one of them, if only for facing.the fury of such'a storm .. Without delay the two officers,. Sur geon Powell and Cody, went to head quarters and' had a long talk wlthl Colonel Ferris, the chief of scouts re marking: "I am glad, colonel, that the warning was heeded so promptly, for Irom what I sa? I am sure that the foot-hills are sheltering large bands of Indians waiting for a swoop upon the post, camps, and settlements, sir." ' : 