THE GENERAL'S STORY. Was I ever really frightened? Well,yes, though not in the field. -1 have seen some hard fighting, as you know, but I think the affair I allude to was the closest shave I ever ha3. I was studying law in New York at the time* One day as I sat in my office writing, the post man brought me a neatly-folded envelope bear ing my address. As I tore it open a faint odour of perfume filled the room. The contents of the letter, as near as I can remember, were u follows : Dear Friend,-Call this evening at eight o'clock. I wish to see you on some vary particular business. Do not fail me. M. A. S. To say that I was much surprised at the in vitation is a mild description of my feelings. " I had known the writer only a few weeks. As she was what Dickens would call a mature young lady, and I was a mere boy, our inter course had naturally been yery limited. What " particular business " she wished to see me about passed my comprehension. I thought of the matter all the afternoon without coming to any reasonable conclusion. However, I was young and curious, and at the appointed time sot out for tbe place indicated in the letter, and with a nervous hand pulled the door-bell. After waiting for a few moments I heard foot* steps approaching. The door was noiselessly opened, and Miss Sandys stood before me, making a gesture to indicate silence. Beaching out her hand sho led me through the ball to a small room which was enshroudeda as was the hall itself, in the deepest darkness. In a whisper she told me why she wished to consult me. " My sister," she said, " is about to run away . to-night to get married. Father is bitterly opposed to the match ; he is a very violent man, and keeps a pistol on his table before him in tbe next room vowing to shoot my sister's lover il he dares to enter the. house. We think ho sus pects that this is tho night appointed for the marriage, and is prepared to execute his pur Ipose, . W<jf have done all *e coulil to pacifj Ithimi but in vain.. He is iu -?-iitllu joge." " But, my dear Miss Sandys," I said in some perturbation, "what has'all this to dp with me." " We may need your protection ; I told sistei I felt sure we could rely upon you." " You are very complimentary. It seems to me, however, that iu family matters, a stranger should not interfere." " Ob, we don't consider you a stranger, Mr. Stanton ! I am sure you will not refuse to oblige us. Hush-I hear papa moving. Keep perfectly still in this room uutil I call you." Thus saying she noiselessly disappeared, leaving mo to my own reflations, which weft not, as may well b»e supposed, very pleasing. I could hear the heavy footsteps of the bead of tbe family as he paced unceasingly about Hie next room. I could hear the deep mutter, ing of his wrath as he called down malediction! on the head of his prospective son-in- law. At the time passed his words became blended to gether, indicating that he had been drinking heavily, and once or twice he staggered violent, ly against the door, almost breaking into the room in which I sat. ; " He will certainly burst the door open," ]. said to myself ; "he will mistake me for Brown.; and before he discovers his error I shall be slain, and then it will be too late for me to prove mj identity. I shall have died the death of a sup posed burglar." Several times I made up mymindtoste) out of the room and escape ; but tho footstep! of the infuriated father sounded dangerousl] near ; I was unacquainted with the bolts anc and lock by which the front door was fastened, and did not think it was possible to remove theo without making noise enough to start my vigil ant neighbour on my track. How long I continued wrapped in my own un comfortable reflections I do not know. II seemed to be an age. I could almost hear raj heart beat in the sombre stillness of that dari room, but the ceaseless tramp continued, anc the hours rolled on until I was in despair, auc tbe conviction forced itself on my mind that 1 should never get out of that house alive. A.' last I heard the rustling of a woman's dresi near me, and the noise in the street of a pass ing carriage, which appeared to stop near. Thei a female voice said : " We are all ready. Make no noise, an< follow me." Silently, and as qoick as possible, she led me tu tbe hall door,where the younger Miss Sandyi tremblingly stood. The bolts were drawn, thi key was turned in the lock, and in a second w< were in the street, where Mr. Brown's carriag' awaited us. For a man weighing two hundred and fift; pounds Brown displayed a wonderful amount o! activity. In lass than two seconds he had jump ed from his seat, kissed his prospective wifi fifty times at least, lifted her bodily from thi sidewalk and placed her on the scat beside him. Miss Sandys and I quickly followed, and m time was lost in leaving the dangerous vicinity Presently Mr. Brown, who seemed to be of i facctiou3 turn of mind, introduced a new pbasi in the elopement. Addressing himself pointed ly to me, whose acquaintanceship he ha.d jus formed, he remarked : "Come, Stanton, Sarah and myself are going to get married, and it is a good time for yoi and May to followsuit. What do you think o' the idea ?" " Oh, Dick, don't!" giggled Miss Sandys " We never dreamed of such a thing when wi started. We only want to see you and Saral safely through. Isn't that all, Mr. Stanton ?' she coquetlishly added. Here was a predicament for a bashful boy ol 19 ! How could I affront the young lady bj refusing ber hand p And yet I felt I could no' marry her ; better the revolver from which ) had just escaped than that | Fortunately for me. Brown did all the talkinj and now ceased urging the matter until thi. carriage stopped at the minister's residence where we all alighted. Just before we ascend ed the steps he turned aronnd and delivered bit parting admonition: " Now as soon as the minister completes thi ceremonies in our case, you and May can stej forward and take our places, and in a fow mo ments yon will both be made happy for life Don't be afraid ; jt will be ajl right !" I suppose the man was joking ; ho saw m< trepidation, and wished to have a little fnn al my expense. But to mo the matter was a grin reality. I have never been sentenced to capita! punishment, but I know I experienced, whiU ascending those steps, tbe exact sensations of - man who is about to mount the scaffold, am' sees, for the first time, the rope by which lie ii to be executed. I remember how my limb: trembled, and feel convinced I looked as white as ghosts are said to look,although I have nev-.r seen one. Side by side Miss May and I followed Brown and his prospective brido to the minister's study. Tho solemn words wero pronounced which united them for ever, and ere they were ended I made up my mind to escape before it was too late. The door being left open I retreated in haste without the formality of a farewell, and never stopped running until I reached my owu door. What Miss Sandys thought of my flight 1 dc not know, as 1 never saw her afterwards; neither can I divine her motive in placing ode who was olmost a stranger to her in sjch a try ing position. Yes, I plead guilty to having made a cowardly retreat at least oncc in mv life; and yet-would any of you have been braver ? 