' MASKS AND FACES. (By Emily Wisdom.) The Artists' Bail. Hearing that tho Artists' Ball in Sydney was to be patronised by a couole of Wollongong ladies and gentlemen Mr. Elitorsent inn off with an hour's warning. What a spocae'e awaited me ! I thought all tho ladies in Mr Somer's illustrations in The Bulletin ha.l taken life and walked forth into the ball room. Great stiff skirts, coverod all over with diabolical emblems lilto tho monstera that disfigure Gothic architecturo. Tho long sweep of Baardsley's pencil hid tho paddedhips and raninbysterical black curves over sugggestions of green carnation. The demon of the decadenco hung over all tho extraordinary dresse*, and the ha:r fell from a straight white line in the middle of the head like penny rolls ovor waxen shoulders and coral ears. Ooriolopsus was the Dredominant nerfume. and the Eastern sug^ostiveness of its odor harmonised with the semi-Japanese appearance of the costumes. The fashion nBcess'tating pale faces and blickhiir; carmine and ammonia were little patronised. The gentlemen, too, wore fancy dresses. I danced with a very virtuous Mephistophele3 dressed in crimson velvet all slashed with little pufft of black satin. A WHongOng gentleman went appropriately aresieo as ? Jimmy from the back fence,' and one of the ladies from Illawarra who did not adopt the Beardsley costume looked very natural as ' A country maiden,' in a Swiss bodice and pink satin skirt upholstered with creion panniers decorated with red chrysanthe mums and blue poppies — a vory simple and quiet costume. ^ * * * This old relic of ' tho 11, George II., days of the shackle and Chapter 10. gyve,' when a m an was hangod for stealing a loaf of bread, and drawn and quartKred for attending Mass, etill haunts our Statute Book like the ghost of the convict system. On Monday last, in the Wollongong Police Court, George Stratum, a respectablelook ing man, was charged under the above pre posterous enaotment for removing his few miserable sticks of furniture in order to prevent his landlord for distraining for rent thereon. For doing this Colonel Chisholm had no alternative but to fine him double the value of the furniture, court costs, pro fessional costs and witnesses' expenses, amounting in all to £10j and in default of payment six months' imprisonment in Wollongong gaol, ifte Act leaving the magistrate no alternative, to take into con sideration the mitigating circumstances of the case. * * ? * ?- Sir ' Jiilian - Salamons Morality once said, in. addressing and the Upper House upon Law. the Dean case, that law and morality run hand in hand — in other words, that law is the abstract ideal of juBtioe ; that it only deems an act a crime which moraliiy teaches to be a crime. Is not the record of George Stratton's case a brilliant evidence of the inaccuracy of his remark ? What system of ethics ; what moral reasoning, indepen dently of the law, can ever teach a man that it is a sin to remove from ono place to an other that which he has always considered as his own ? And yet here is a principle of law by which an old man of unimpeach able charactor and absolutoly devoid of criminal intent may be sent to for six months 1 .. „ .* * .... * \- ' A Supposing Strotton hn-3 \- The.. Lords owed the :money to his op butcher or his tailor, The Land. they would have had no oriminal remedy agaimt him for removing his furniture ; but that pet of the Legislature, tho landlord, he who has the first piece out of every cake, is provided by this ancient and corrupt Act with this oruel weapon for defeating other creditors of their rights and effectually stopping them from getting anything by putting the debtor in prison. The mero act uf removing the furniture cannot be con sidered as a orime. A moment's rpfleotion will show t^at Stratton is punished for owing money to his landlord and for nothing else. * ? # * .11, George II, and all Ghosts . ouch hoary enactments OP should be obliterated Botany Bay. from the Statute Book, or at any rate a magis trate. should be permitted power to dis criminate and lessen the punishment in peculiar cases, ft is a wooden barbarous law passed in a time when a man's liberty was a precarious possession ; ong of the fangs manufactured by the rich, to scourge the shoulders of the poor ; an effective brand of cruelly to the individual and injustice to the oommunity, which finds its parallel only in the piges of our Criminal Law Amendment Act, where the lash scourgeB nearly every page, and the rope dangleB from the blood-stiined gibbet in at least nine different places. For it may not be generally known that, though there is only one offence for which a man may bo hanged in England, there are nine chances of being choked to death in sunny Now South Wales. . * «. # |. The bonos of tertiary Floods man have been dragged and forthfeomtheircaveaand Fancies. the sere and yellow records of Chaldea ex hibited in these columns of lata ta disprove the theory of an universal flood. ' Mr. Noah and his wife and family have received some verv hard knocks from the scientific gentle men who don't believe that tha world was a waste, of water whereon the above- named gentleman had the hardihood, to venture without even insuring his ship. While learned gentlemen are busily engaged in their paleolithio and prehistoric researches I wish some ot them would tell me what has always worried me more than anything else about the deluge ; How did the Polar bear from the northernmost sea and the equatorial lion laugh and grow fat in the same climate tor 4U days and mgnts ; and, further, did Noah precede Herr Andreo and go to the Polar Sea in a baloon to catoh the said bear, or did the boar come galumphing down voluntarily and make a personal application for a passage in the ark 1 At Shellharbor on Wednesday evoniug Miss A. Allen, who is shortly to be married to Mr. Staoey, of Singleton, was presented with an Illuminated address aud a beautiful silver tea and coffin service, by R.ev. J. Stephens, on behalf of the congregation of St. Paul's Church. Rev. J. Stephens, Messrs. E.. R. Bigg, D. Horniman, H. Hioks, J.P., James, Beattie and Bursill referred in eulogistic ' terms to the valuable services so cheerfully rendered by Miss Allen in conne.tion with the choir and other departments of ohurch work, as well as to her many estimable qualities whioh had so endeared her to every one in tha locality. Mr; E. Allen appropriately re sponded on behalf 9( hifi sister. 