Letter from Aunt Eilt. Mr Deab Chilueen—You might think that with euoh encouraging signs as a steadily increasing membership and a lengthening list of associates, a most creditable competition lately concluded and decided, and practical sympathy from the grown-ups, that I ought to be satisfied. "VVell, I am not yet satisfied; at least, not quite. I don't know if you have heard that funny little song, which says— " Some folks are never content, They don't know what to do, For if you were to give them a boat They are sure to ask a shoe. Now, that just 'deB&ibSs; Aunt Eily to a T. You have given me the boots, that is the new members, hew associates, nice competition letters, donations, &c.; Now, I want all that is represented by "the shoes." 1 want you to write your very best even when there are no competitions. Nay, more, I want you to write me good letters, even though they may not always appear in print. 1 want you—oh, I do want you, to cultivate your intelligence in seeing, hearing, and doing, and then to write and tell me all about it. It certainly is not a fault generally attributed to young Australians that they are at all dull or stupid, but if you will allow me just to whisper one word that I think they are inclined to be addicted to " Oh! bother; what's the good ? " But take notice, my dears, that this is not pointed so much at my nephews and nieces of the present as my nephews and nieces of the future. I understand that some young folks read the children's column, but there their interest ends. Now, there is nothing so wholesome for young folks as keeping their minds alert and interested in intelligent ways and to keep their hands usefully employed. Indeed, I think there are some grown-ups who might well take the lesson to heart. "What precious time we fritter away with nothing to show for it. Empty- handed •when the day is done. It is for this reason, amongst others, that I have been so especially pleased with thoBe little gifts which have been sent to me for the orphans by some of my nieces, and in this I must, I think, give the precedence to my nieces at Hornsdale, who were the very first to send me gifts, the work of their own hands. But, perhaps, my nephews think they are not included in this. Not so, dear boys. Just read to the end of this letter before you run away with that idea. I was reading the other day of a certain school where the children were told to bring every imaginable sort of rubbish, waste paper, leather, bits of metal, wood, broken dishes, &c.; These were all sorted out and made into the most wonderful nick-nacks, and the sum they brought when sold for charity was quite marvellous. But more interesting still is the account given by a gentleman of how he made it his business to search the whole counfry through for interesting little specimens of ingenious work done entirely by children, both boys and girls, and certainly he has managed to give a delightfully interesting account. Empty match-boxes, bon-bon and choco late boxes, empty cotton reels, old card board boxes, soap boxes, old postcards, scraps of tin and wire, such were the materials mostly used by these bright boys and girls. The boys seem to have excelled in the mechanical contrivances, windmills (made to work), steam engines; but, curious to say, the model engine made by a girl of fifteen surpassed them all. Let me give this girl's account in her own words—" My engine is made of card board, wood, and paper. It its painted green, picked Out with black and red, and is quite complete with spring buffers, lamps, taps, pistons, boiler, dome, and funnel. I constructed it secretly in the winter evenings. My secret was well kept, however, and none of the family suspected what I was doing until I placed my model complete in the middle of' the dining-room table on Christmas Day." One boy had neatly carved and cut the Lord's Prayer in wood with a fret-work saW; while another constructed a bicycle with the cyclist ready to mount with no other materials than empty match-boxes, the very coloring for the man's face and eyes being obtained by peeling the colored paper off and using the colors as required. There is much more that I would like to tell you, but I have told you enough, both boys and girls, to give you an idea for your spare moments or for your winter evenings. With regard to the little literary task I would exact from yoh, we could not do bet'er than begin it on the eve of such a great and such an appropriate feast as the feast of PentecoBt, for you all know that above All saints and patrons it is the Holy Spirit Himself who " teacheB little oneB to speak an# understand," and I do apeak seriously when I say that a boy or girl who either of his or her own predilection, or from waht oi teaching, has hoth jggBgifl dependence .on and a particular devotion to, the Holy Spirit, has, Suffered in Tiis or her school-life a distinot ioss Which it will he difficult to. make up for in after years. I knowbf ho mofe beautiful hymns than the hymns to the Holy Ghost, and yet I am doubtful if school children cotrid etty them off by heart. Wise yOung folks of young folks who wiBh to be wise, will include ih their morning prayers one or other of these grand liturgical nymns to the Holy Spirit, and even when lesson days are past ana gone, and perhaps dangerous and difficult; yes, and weary paths have to he trod, that short but powerful ejaculation, "Holy Spirit, ;guard and guide me," will surely make the rough ways smooth and be to yon that "refreshment" which the hymn tells of. Well, then, children, as you were all— well, nearly all—so backward in coming forward with literary selections and. mottoeB, I will turn the tables on you now; I will give the selections, and you, dear boys and girls, must tell me where I get them from. A prize will be offered to the boy or girl, junior or senior, who has sent in the greatest number of answers in a given time, which I will specify in my next, for, my dears, I am quite certain that, what ever you think, the printers certainly think I ought to be coming to a close. I have only to add a line to congratulate Niece Snowdrop on her pleasant little letter, and hope she and her companions will be regular contributors; while for Niece Annie Lynch, my other correspondent of last week, I can put it all in one word by saying she is one of my alert and interested members, and quite different from the "O ! bother" kind. With love, AUNT EILY. 