BOOMDS'S BlJOGET'.; (FOR THE 'KEPEBEE.'!-' ? ^^S^^^vUNCH (of London) is \m£s\h€m\lmt ib o^sionaliy PS frKflVleviatoa into -sonso. I r^Sn^ I Frinstans: In a ro [ME tWM «'«t thoro are oleven BSfA&fR;, BXSm*^ reasons why our cric 1^,^^ keting cl.ampions ^TCflV~ beat the Britisliors, ®f-a\ tllB elovenfch roason being p|A 'because the Australian team jlPj had thebest men.' ..;... ..,;?:. \jy If tho peoploncross tbohoriing 1/ pond wore wisn they would Jut their trouble rest at that, out they aro not wiso, and so wo find a fino fat- hmuled fool (described as ' ono of England's best athletaa and most honorable sportsmen ') writing to the papurs' in v the following foolish fashions— 'My contoution is.'lhat the tost. matches aro nrrangud 'by tho'Aus'^ rrnlians (of coursn I do'not for a inqnionfc Buggest that tho B n gl is huieii are cogn isan'6 of this nvriuigoihent), hotioii thu' principlo of ? lee tho bflsfsido win,' but on tho prin ciple of settling tho scores to suit tho gate.'-'. ?.'.??;? ',...-. .. '..'?:. ;*'. ? ' It is further explained (and this is nice novel HHws lo us) that the. Knglish teams aro selected by tho bosses of tho Austral inn 'Cricket Associations, tho great 'considera- tion being, not tiio player's cricketing abilities, but their gatu-d rawing capacity. In Australia thn only fixture of any. impor- tance on a crickot ground is tho gate,' and tho only. man worth watching is the man who takes tho. inonoy. When S'tciddnrc proposed to form hia. present t«nni tho omnipotent 'Australian's said to him (in-cording to tho British. ..Mun chnusen): ' You must bring Kanjitbinhji, becausii ho will draw biggur crowds than', uny ochor English cricketer. You must nlso incluilo Mason in your teniu, because ho is ;t)ie.typu of cricketer 1111 Auotiiiliiui crowd likes. Of courso you will ' bii no account oiuit.Iiichurdson ; and Jack Uearno had better como too.' . : 'What Australians aro eager to soo now is a team of British liars, captained by tho artist -'who punned tlio nbovo.' Tlisro is 11 splendid oiioniiig for such a, team just nis prosnnt — in. a. Blue Moiintnin gorgo or at tlm bottom 'of our lovely harbor. Out of evil eomtith good, however, and the abovo, spleunUc Rimrling may have led tn Iho recently-cabled suggestion thnt in future English teams bu s'ulocted by tho M:iryle boii«Club: Thou we'll whip them again, nnd thu British lion will havo to swallow his gruel iu silence*. Also the British liar. ; The shoomnker should not invostigato above the ankle,- und tho lawyer should not inoildto with such a fair gumo us cricket— at least, not iu the capacity of umpire. Ouo of tho ?'?Devil's Brigado,' n-keeii, ai'giinienlativn sort of sharper, .with six iiiid-oighfpouce stamped on ; every feature, took vliiit billet at .n, .'country ..nv.itch fcho other day, null boforo long 11 batsman .w'ns. caught iu tho nlius nud someono shouted : 'How's that?' ' '.'.;..; ? - -,; . ;..,,?; .-?? Immediatolv tho JiinrTor-u'mp'ii-e formed hiiiisc-lf into a Piitl Court, aiid facing tho bonier sternly asked : 'Did you deliver that bull wuU and truly and fiiirly, ncjord ing lo tho .established laws of cricket?' ' I did,'- replied the bowler. '.-Very good. Stand down,' said tho: legal loonoy, and tuen iiiiniug 10 tlm uatsiuaii no iiruou : 'Did you hit that ball ?— bo careful now, for your roply 'may bo tnkim down in evi don'co ugainiib you.' ''I did,' rutuvneiVt'lie batsmnn; ' Call tho noxfc witness,' shouted Mr. Umpire, and when tho man iu tho slips camo up ho ? wii'b ask mi . 'Did vou catch that ball?' 'I did,' said tho wit ness, and then, hoisting his umbrella us a: 'substitute -for tho jiulgo's black cap, tho limb of tho law giavoly suid .- ' Prisoner at, the wicket, you aro our. Go buck to the ; place from whence you camo.and may the Lord havo mercy 011. your soul.' That, match, liko tho niggers' ball, is 'still a-gwino on,' and unless someone Julia the umpire with a clout of a bat it will pro bably last till the Day of Judgment. ' A scribe ayont tho Murray declares that during tho heat wave in Melbourne tho scorched', cricketers cooled their piu-ched thronts with 'champagne cup in a big crystal jug.' Possibly that is Victorian for iced swankey in a pewter, but anyway, .when bho fieldtfis began to drop catches as they would fizzing bombshells, a teetotal enthusiast shouted: 'Behold tho evils of tho ' nccur-r- seil drink! No man can swal low grog and still retain 11 clear oye and a stoudy baud.' Presently, however, Howoll mulled nn easy one, and then a man, who ovidently knew the. ways of tho Punrith plugger, shouted scornfully at the cold water champion : ' Where doosyor teetotal rot come in now ? Howoll lives down a well whou he's at homo, and drinks nothing melons, and yet ho drops '0111 wns than a feller that's got tho blind staggers.' Then the tcototaller said ho was standing on sin ful ground, and so he'd go where glory (and something in a ginger-beer bottle) waited. 'Rnoexnf ('AtiAtYiAtif.a fm |-.1\A «eert-*i«f.$*\r\ «\P pugilists with the drama, remind mo that our own Mr. LauroncePoloy once sparkled ou the stngo as Oil ar lea the Wrestlor iu 'As You Like It,' and if the managemout had only turned tholiino light on him he would have boon the star of the soason. This practice of giv ing the wrestler's part to a professional athlete is sometimes a dangerous ono to pursue. InNowYork Jonol Sullivan wbb cast for tho charac ter, nnd all went well until ono fatal night, when John, who had been 'kis- sing the baby' nt the bar, and perhaps getting himself in toxicated with the bivrmaid'a beauty nlso, camo on, and got so worked up with excitoment that ho revised Shakes peare, and domed . noar killod Orlando by gripping tho lat ter fore and aft and slinging him into the orchoBtra ns easily ns ho would a dead rat. Tho 'ghost' didn't; walk noxfc day, but ' Charles '?' Sullivan did. And this re zuiuds mo that aomo inspired cuss suggests, that Wilson Burretl' ought to stage '' A s You Like It,' and worli 1 Orlando ami i-'n .select crowd of- 'Pirates* into 11 -rattling good football matfih on tin ' stage 1. .instead of the usual . wrestling game.' There is something good in that, And-whnt aVhuiip of goodness (not to inoi: tion' 'no-standing room' business) tbero ' would bo in Itosalihd's doublet and hosa sported -by Miss Maud ? Jeffries.' Biz. i* mighty good oven now, but that doubles/ garb would doublo it for certain. In regard to those professional punfcei'B,! rise to say tliat the worst Feature about bet ting is losing. -Aud-t Ins recalls a story told ol ? 11 bushio, pure and simple— especially sinipU * — witlistraw in his huh- and burrs on hii ? breeches,, who strayed on to tho Randwic» 1 '' flat', one DerbyDay, and on hearing 0 bull-voiced bookiu bellowing ' two .to one',.. bar oiie' alouchod ovor with a shilling 'in' ? hia Horny hand and said:. 'I'll put a ;, bob on -Bar Ouo'-} I'm froui.tbe Barwda ''?'?! meself'.'.* ... ' ? : -i ; ? ?'./--- . . ='.-.:?.'? ?; '.:li ;-Pdr'a monientfthbinan .011 . tho ^.box waa v? pariilysod by' the .pefsbriificati6ii.;of daui.';? pboolishnoss beforo.-hiDi, but : ho soon'ro*;- : covered, and 8iiidy ' Yer '-.friiin tho Bilrwon, '. are yerP/Welli' you'd -hotter blauky well': go back to tho Biuwon, «.nd get yer nibthoi .;.. to ,buy,.a.,!bag p'.'brah ;and. poultice, youi ,;' bloomin' fat hi'iid with-it for a week oe two. Gerrout of this, any way. You're so i bhinky gi-eHn that bust' me if the nanny.' gouts won't bat 'yur'!';' ; .:'. Just beforo the last, race. was. run, iioir.'. ever, tliB.grooif galoot was niopchiiig round'; tho buck of the course when .]ho ;caught sight of hia kind udvisor -hoing lobtballed ,., till over tho plnco by a crowd of-infuruitbd ' victims ho hud ?? we-shed,' and who,' after they liud grown tired bashing tho poor ponciller, caught him by the sag of tli9; pants and fired him over 'the fonce: into a '-.'.??' puddle. Justns tlio batteiwl a'nd bleedinff '.'. wreck crawled out tho -bu'nyip from the Bnrwon poked hia fool ' ? liend' ovor '?? tlio ' palings and drawled : 'I suy, rhiater, you - ought to lu-v copped thnt bob this lnornin'. It 'ud eomo in handy now ter get a bran poultice for yerself.' ' .':' '?'.-.,' In the Riverine Giuzief. a few days ago: ' I saw a challunge from 11 pcd. named Par-' sons to run another pod named Itossitter, This set ran thinking of the good old days , whiju pediistniuiiiwii was :i genuine, manly r sport— thu dnys when long Bill Preeinan,' ;: of Biithurst, rim over gumo little Billy/ Kobinson, of Canowiiidi-ii, and when the -,-.' Northern '-Qoordies' tliruutetiud'to wreck tho M-iitland and Newcastle -telegraph - offioe3 becauso word bad been Hashed''' along that thoir iiest-footod god, ' Scone '/ AVntsou, had been 'dowuud' by Applett.' of.Porbes. . . Furthennoi-6, theEivsrina 'dofy 'lend* 1110 to ask; cannot nomethiiig ho done to ? revive pedestrinmeiii and bring buck tlm palmy days of. Botany and tiio Carring ton ? , I don't, sco any grait difficulties in 'tlio. way'. myself, and whmi honestly carried out fbot- riicitig is next to liursa-r'iu-inc',: Aud in times, liko the present, wheu- wui' - 111ny.be declared any dny, it is, u miglit.v fine thing to know how to do ' iivou time' with your iauo turned to tha Blno Moun. tains and yonr. bnnvny bnelc pointeC defiantly at thofoe... ???-.-. OE course, I know how tlio sporh waj «'' spoilod.. how tin.- owl-eyed pod'rkillnatthe/ ': goose that laid such Involy 'clutchc's ' 61 golden eges, and how well they merited-' I'Yank Smith's taunt: 'I know .pe'ds whii at ona timo turned up tlioir snouts in disgust if I asked thorn to enter for a .£50 flutter ab Botany. Mow I en 11 -gel; fiftj of them to run for a dose of sails— and run straight, too I' But wo havo plonty 01 V mou hero who are too onto to bo fooled, and. who aru strong enough to enforce honesty on tbo cinder track, so I throw out a hint to-day that 'something should bo ? done to give the peds a chniico to atouo for their utter stupidity in the past,' and mako pedi'striauism one of tho moat popular snorts of tho future. Think it , over, brother sporlo. There's millions in ic. ? ? ' . ?.?'??'?''.?'.'??'.? Sonia of the uishes servod up at Botany and the Cairington were red hot beyond' all doubt. I l-euioiuber on ono 'occasion- -' seoing the winner of a biu- .'Cnri-lhirhnn ' walk into his drGsing-rooin with a face as baro of hair as ,1 boarding-school girl's and come cautiously out with a .flowing' beard as long as Father ' Abraham's. Half au hour later poor Douglas Young wiis making ; very pertinonfc r6iharks about tho way ho could lift his right boot when- iv suitable opportunity offered; .Tnclc Tlfompson was breathing blood and slaughtor, nnd Tommy Kolly was waving tho gong-stlck in . »'.. style that meant mischief to somebody if that party ovor camo within bolting range. On another occasion Joo Konn had tlirea beautiful 'stiffs' to start for a ' fihul.' Nothing could persuade thorn to leave their uuu-ks, until at lust Joo dropped n fistful of gravol down his pistol-barrof and plainly' said :,' If you beggars don't scoot this time I'll lot ouo of you have the '?''? contents of this gun in a style that'll make him sleep on his belly fora month;' They went all right then, but half-way on' the ' journey ono jokor fell down, another atdpped to pick hiia up, and the. third ' coiled himself on the track with the : '. spasms,' ns he said, until Jack TliomDSoo caught him a kick that lifted him higher ' than the price of Inger bier in drought, time. ' '.' ' ??' '' ;. 