Batter making. A SERMON. (By the Rev. P. Anton.) Surely the churning of milk brlngeth forth butter Prov. xxx. 33. ? > The Saviour lived much in the country, and is profitable to visit in HJs companyjthe scenes country life. To-day Ave will go with Him whp we have never gone before. We will cross/tl portals of the dairy. We will enter the po sweet atmosphere that is there. We will mai the busy scene-the coming and going-the def ness and purposefulness of the skilled hand And we will list the spilling of tnt* water, tl song of the révolving churn, the sharp repercu slons of the wooden platters on trie masses butter. And we will lay it all to heart, for \- IT IS FULL, OF SPIRITUAL INSTRUCTION AND CORRECTION; much fuller indeed than I shall be able to show : tbis quickly passing hour. And standing thei with the basins and vats and pitchers and press* and churns all round us our eyes are much occt pied and charmed. How white and spotless tt mille-how luscious the cream-and the butter i1 self, what a creature of God! Its primrose tin what a delight to the eye! Its fragrance, ho grateful to the sense! And its substance, mel' ing away on the tongue, how generous and d< lightful to"the palate! What does butter want Êood should have? It is a rich nourishment woi thy the table of a king, and it satisfies the sens« of sight and touch, of taste and smell. Have AA ' been grateful as we ought to have been for th milk and the cream, the cheese\an»l the butte: those precious gifts of God? Have we thanke Him for them? Have we bethought us of thei spiritual symbolism? Have we appropriated thei I teaching? Have we estimated their religion I value? IN THE "SONG OF THE CHURN" what scenes come to us!-scenes so dewy an green, landscapes so fresh and fair. They com and go. The quiet farm, its white walls shinin in the sun; the broad acres where the plove pipes; the green parks prankt AV!th marguerites the bi'own kine, with their mild and gentle eyes broAvsing in the lush meadoAvs'amid the clove purple and Avhite, or waiting expectant at th gateway with distended udders; or, again, wit! the declining day-the coming of the gloaming Avinding sloAvly o'er the lea. And then far back in the past, amid other mei and days and things, we see Abraham settirij milk and butter before the angels, and Israe seeking through the desert the land that flowe< Avith milk; and when Sisera asked water, Jael that she might 'the better accomplish her purpose giving him instead '.'milk with butter in a lordl; dish." And how agreeable was the speech of th Beloved, for His Avords were like milk; and wha wonder His eyes shone as they did when they ha< been Avashed in that cooling salve. And bethinl you what you have come into this church-youri and your fathers-to do. Is it not this? Tc drink Avine with your milk; and this, to buy win« I and milk without money and without price. 'Thc truth is, to-day our feet are amid the wild mint i and the daisies, the grass and the buttercups, and i Jesus is Avith us as-He Avas in the cornfields. Surely the churning of milk brlngeth forth butter. There is a thought in the first place of CHRISTIAN NURTURE. The "Song of the Churn" takes us back to the day! of helpless infancy, when full of milk and 9! sleep, in a mother's arms enfolden, we nuzzled ai the breast. Shame on us if we ever forget th( care, the love, that encompassed us then. Milli contains many elements. The babe needs no thing else; will take nothing else. And what milk is to the babe the Savioui is to the Believer. There is everything in Him. And He is enough. The Believer'will have nothing else. As a new-born babe he desires the sincere milk of the Word that he may groAV thereby. When Jesus said, "Except ye be con verted and become as little children, ye shall not enter the kingdom of heaven," He "meant that unless a man would humble himself and become as a babe that sucked the milk from his mother's breast he would notjae able to enter into the re ligious life. "The sincere milk of the Word" like milk, how easily it is assimilated, how.grate ful and satisfying, how generous and nourishing. We know noAv Avhat the apostle meant when he Avanted us to be' babes in Christ. The child hath need of milk and not of strong meat; but when we cease to be children-not neglecting the milk we shall also have the other fare. The Christian life is a development. The milk now, the strong meat then. The milk for the child, the cheese for the man. We groAV, and by and by there come-flesh and wine with the milk. But if we are fed with milk and not with meat we. know it is^because we I are not able to bear, j There is a thought also of THE GAIN OF LABOR AND SORROW. ' The churing of the milk implies its active disturb ¡ ance, so that each creanay*"sac may be broken an* thus surrender its yellow treasure. To rupture j the globules of cream, that is the design of the j churn. The/cTTtrrn of Abraham was a skin. It was suspended by ropes to a bar, and was oscil lated this way and that like the bob of a pendu lum. ' The churn to-day is' different, as you know. And the butter is different. In Scripture days there was a mixture of curd, doubtless to meet the exigencies of a warmer temperature. But Avhat we feel is, that if the milk could speak it Avould protest loudly against the cruelty to which it is subjectetd through the agency of the churn. And how the curd would cry if it could when it was put in the press and the great screw began to turn and the weight to fall. Now, this churning process is a something that is very pre I valent in many spheres. Labor is the churning ot the body. Thinking is the churning of the j "brain. Sorrow is the churning of the heart. I None of the higher and finer material and spiritual ' substances are to be had without the churn and J : the press. No chastisement for the .present 'I scemeth to be joyous, but to them who are exer cised thereby there is the golden yield. When I see the tears running down the face I think pf s the cheese under the psess. There was One who *sgJ said-"I am poured- out like milk, I am curdled like cheese;" and you know who'He was, and ¿J now you know what He. meant. Labor, of course, . ' ,:| must always be well directed. Surely the churn ing of milk bringeth forth butter; but surely the *'JSfi. churning of water wilj.. never bring . forth any- /"^ tiling at all. There is, again,. À THOUGHT OF SEPARATION, » "find a very mysterious thought it is. The teach-; ing of Jesus ie full of the thought of separation. _ There are the wise virgins and the foolish; the "¡^ »: good fleh and the bad; the tares and the wheat; the sheep and the goats". And here it is.in the churn again. And the separation auggested'-,ÎSv-o4 two kinds. The separation of the - butter from T^Sfe the watery elements of the milk is brought about '¿'.~f¡ by the agency of the churn, and is purely meehan- ¿, ical, as purely mechanical as the separating of the husk from the grain.' The milk may, however, ? : be differently treated. - If you.put into the mille. ;;v ' a little yearning, then another kind of separation î.. takei3 place. When the yearning ls put in the. .milk there ie no splashing, no, tumult. The . 4* yearning also does its work silently. . You do riot ^ f|, hear anything; you do not see anything» '? At'.-h least, not for a time. But the resulte, the opera tiens of the yearning soon become apparent. . Thar yearning diffuses an Influence through the whole ?..h basin and the rich particles of the milk comento- ,|. gether, so that the aqueous fluids and washes are |< * easily drained away. The first kind of separation t( % speaks of the separation of the good men from the evil. The second is different. The yearning in the milk is_the Holy Spirit in the soul, a silent, noiseless, hidden, potent, but unseen influence, ! dividing between the good and the evil, bringing \ " up the pure unalloyed 'manhood of Christ out;of ¡ the sourness and grossness, of his nature. < This > \ is the work of the Holy Ghost, to bring together j -j -to compact and condense in us the sweeter ele- . j . .ments of our nature-so that the bitterer readily, i spill away. - v J HOW PRACTICAL. AR'S THESE THOUGHTS. j ; How readily does the best butter become corrup- ,¡ ted through the formation of caséine. And how, , S easily Mt is adulterated with various animal fats, : and how readily dyed with arnotto to hide the de ception. And how easily, again, it can be wholly, counterfeited-that appearing tó be butter which - is not butter at all. The believer knowing how serious these thoughts are, through ;the salt of j God's grace preserves himself from the corruption) ??...> of his nature. And a substance setting up to be ; .* butter when it is only margarine speaks of that ¡ Pharisaism which is éverywhere only too preva lent-men giving themselves out to be the cream ; . of-the creaim of Christian life .without a trace of ,J Christ in them-making pretence of being butter, : the while being only some rancid oleo. Not then; _> dc-alin-g in things too great for us may our spirita become quiet and mild like weaned , children de- !? ' siring only to be fed with the sincere Milk of the Word, that they may grow thereby. ' 