1THE LIGHT THAT CA8T NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers pos sessed by certnin natives of India, who live ap among the Himalaya mountains These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as those queer IInldul are called, for the purpose of finding' one the secret of their remarkable performances,: They treated him rather scur. ily, behot interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some anclent Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. "I cant see to read, here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light,", was the re. 1 ply, and immedlately(the professersays) a'soft 'Pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but henoticed that It had t- one strange quality-it cart not the sliyhtest shadowe -. This Is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the light you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parrallel with one's own e experience. 'Dr. Johnson sniffed at the ac count of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. "In the spring of: 1818" writes our corres pondent, " I fell into a low,' weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited add out of sorts. At firstim) stomach was deranged my nppetite poor, and after eating I had a pain and weight )at the ehost.-_ L was much troubled-with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depresion of spirits. I kept up with tay work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I contiuued in' this way for two years, nothing that I took reliovin?r me. At last I heard of Mother Selge's Syrop, and pro cnred a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found. relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel'any confidence In this medicine, never having usneed it or seen it used, I now g!adly admit its value, and its power'over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Motheor Seigel's Curative Syrup I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of sdfferiug hurhanity.:I deem it is a duty to send this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths.,151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, ii June eight 1803." . There is a deal of difference between Mr. Grifllth's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may' be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is .vorth. On the other h hand we have a trustworthy. witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are ,but symptoms, forms or 'phases of that universal disease- indigestion and dypepsia; it cures that and throws the light of health and happl. b over hearts and homes where illness and pain T had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. .7 And that Is why people believe all that is told di of its success by eager, witnesses. 