THE ENTERTAINMENT. In the evening the Magpie MinBtrels, beaded by Son. Coleman, gave au enter tainment in the Sobool of Arts. There was only a moderate attendance, but those who were present were loud in their praise of the performance. The first part of Hie programme took tfie port of a nigger circle, with Son. Cole man and Dave Sharp (tarn bos, J. John son and Rod. Wilding (boneo), and O. Sewell (interlocutor), and Meson. J. Healey, G. A Clark, P. Williams, and N. Jamieeon. Aftee the nana! opening chorus, Boa Coleman sang "Good-bye My Honey," and later in the evening Save a descriptive song, "That's how e Carries On," for which he received well-merited applause. Mr. Henley's' "Last Farewell" and akippiog-ropu. dance were both appreciated, and Mr. J. Johnson's comto songs, «' Trinity. Church," and "Spanish Irishman," caogbt on immensely, he having to re spend to an eneoro in both cases. Mr. Q. A. Clsrkx although safferieg from a cold, gave a good account of.' himself in " Nauriuo Msurine," tbo cottpsnj join ing in the churns. &lr.; D.j Sharp sang "I no go back to China,". «id also gave ft pl&ntitiou; song end damp, the letter item being repeated qwing.to a vocifer ous encore. Mr. (I. William gave "Tell me that yon eaw me " and! " Divorced," for both of whioh he wss/recallod, end Bod. Wilding gained ffvnur fur hU rendition of " We've beWtoachlogthem ap a bih" and 11 1 livo' underneath." Mr. Nell Jamieeon sang in a masterly manner, " A Soldier and a Man," ana woe recalled, and In "Romany Loss" he showed himself to be a vocal Ut of no mean order. The first part was Inter spersed with funny gegvand was con cluded with a comic iketcb, entitled " llrsve Soldiers from Soiden, and "The Suburban Ghost," the! characters of which were taken by Son. Coleman, Mr. J. Johnsoo, and Mr. IK. II. Beers, proved a laughsblo tenoiostlon to the second half. Tbo performance con cluded with a eide ipliltiog farce, en titled " The Doctor's Shop," in which Sou. Coleman sud Mr.' J. Johnson were tho leading spirits. The performance ww gmua wuo roars OI i«agnwr. nr. F. VI. Beers presided at the piano, ood Mr. JobosoD, st the close of the per formsnoe, thanked the audience for their attendance, and raid that on their next appearance they would put forth a longer and better programme. AH those present expressed their sutprise st tha talent dUpU/ed, owl on their next ap- petranca thrire' ia no doubt the Magpie will be greeted with a full houae. 