EARLY RECORDS OF EXPLORATION. HOW WESTERN AUSTRALIA WAS OPENED UP. Abridged by Trant Chambers from offi cial records, and published by ar rangement with the Government. (All Rights Reserved.) No. 18. CHAPTER X.— 1836. A Mr. Joseph Harris journeyed "from the farm of Mr. Solomon, near Beverley, on the Avon, in February, 1836," and the records contain an account of this trip, which, however, gave rise to few interesting incidents. He started on February 9, and pursued a marked course to the south-west, over patchy country, and reached "very rich country" next day, followed, however, quickly by thickly-wooded hills. Having crossed the Hotham River on the 12th, the ap proach to the Williams River was found "too difficult for carts." Mr. Harris struck the latter stream on the 15th (the 14th, a Sunday, having been spent in rest), and examined the lands on either side, which he found "bad as far as we could see.'' He travelled down the right bank of the Williams River some little distance, but was then obliged, by shortness of provisions, to return home. The principal object of this short expe dition was to mark a line of road from Beverley to the intended new settlement on the Williams River; and Mr. Harris reports that the country is "safe" for driving sheep and cattle, and that the route he followed "as a carriage road is unexceptionable." In this year attention was first directed on any appreciable scale, to the country north of the Swan River, Mr. George Fletcher Moore, the Advocate General, having the honor of being the first to thoroughly investigate that region with the view of finding "some drain for the waters of that district," as they did not fall into the Swan River. No date is appended to the account Mr. Moore gives of this expedition; but he states that he limited himself to ten days for carrying out his purpose. His only companions were a mounted police man and the native "Weenat," of whom we have before heard. "Little persua sion and still less preparation did he re quire to accompany us," says Mr. Moore of the latter; ''a word of explanation of the object of our expedition, a piece of bread in one hand, and a fire-stick in the other, and he was ready." The blackfellow is described as "a lad of in telligence and good humor, as well as of an inquiring and a communicative disposition." Having crossed the Swan at Coulston, the small party of three proceeded north wards along the plain at the base of the Darling Range. "Our native guide soon perceived, by the smoking embers of a fire, that we were following in the wake of some other party; and we had not gone many miles before we overtook 'Coondebung' and his pretty wife, Tood yeep,' celebrated as 'the fairest of the fair,' and another native, 'Waytung,' on their way to the valley of 'Gabbia Yan dirt.'" As this was the very course he proposed to take, Mr. Moore joined this party of the wonderful nomenclature. The combined forces struck into the ranges "a little beyond the conspicuous hill of 'Mambup,' and halted for the first time at Moyolanup, on the banks of a small stream. "Before disposing of our selves to rest," writes Mr. Moore, "my conduct exposed me to the raillery of my fair friend. 'Where stall we make a house?' said I to my assistant. 'What for house make? said she, pointing laugh ingly to the blue sky and the bright moon. I felt ashamed of my effemin acy, so followed their example in lay ing myself down on the ground, with my feet to the fire." In like chatty vein Mr. Moore tells his simple story. The merry young matron, Toodyeep, found cause of great amuse ment in his attempt to upset one of the native superstitions regarding a stand ing stone supposed to represent a man who had died unburied. He argued that a man was not, and could not be, a stone, and she afterwards mimicked him and his logic to her young companions, to their huge amusement also. Then there was the skill of Coondebung to ad mire constantly. He never missed his aim with his spear, and could climb trees after opossums like a monkey. Mr. Moore had an interesting style of writ ing, far different from the mere dry-as- dust official reports of the Government surveyors, so many of which go to fill up the bulk of these records. Mr. Moore could appreciate this skilful, agile black fellow, and show his apreciation (sic) in pleasant fashion. "We were now pass ing through his country, over his native soil; and, as he bounded along with buoyant look and elastic step, he ap peared as if glorifying in his vigor and exulting in his independence." Having reached the Gabbia Yandirt valley, the party were joined by other natives, including the wife of Waytung. Rain came on, and caused the irrepres sible Toodyeep to ask, "What for you bush too much walk, Midyer Moore?" "But it soon cleared up, and we had a lovely evening." A large lake, teeming with wild fowl, and surrounded by luxu riant but swampy ground occupied the centre of the valley, on the banks of which the horses revelled in the abound ing herbage. Coondebung had need to be a skilful hunter of game, for his vora city at meal-time astonished Mr. Moore even more than his agility in the field had done. The evening meal of this child of the wilds consisted of a few trifles, to wit, "a bandicoot, an opossum, two kangaroo rats, a young swan, and a musk duck quickly disap peared before him; and considering that scarcely any part from head to foot, inside or outside, is rejected, the allow ance appeared a pretty good one." That is putting it very mildly. "Poor Tood yeep's share was not a Benjamin's por tion" continues Mr. Moore; and "after all this, he baked and demolished a good-sized damper of flour, and then came to our fire to pick up scraps and beg for morsels." Truly a marvellous maw had the good Coondebung; and one wonders how, with this abnormal capacity for stowing away all sorts of food in such quantities he could have been so active and agile. Fancy a 'Varsity athlete or professional gymnast training on fare like this! From his aboriginal friends Mr. Moore obtained the first intimation he had of a branch of the Swan River coming from the north. Mr. Moore appears to have been half inclined to share in the belief generally prevalent in the early days that there existed a great central lake or sea in the Australian continent; for he says that, after fur ther questioning the natives, "the infer ence from which (their use of the word meaning; 'the other side') would be, either that they have, from, communi cation with tribes in the interior, an idea of the eastern side of Australia, or (and these quoted words following are underlined) that there exists in the in terior a water so broad that they can not see across it, and so speak of its western margin as the other side." It is interesting to endeavor to transport oneself in thought back to the times when such a belief existed, and adven turous explorers were fascinated with the notion of discovering a great inland sea in Australia. Alas! if we except the Darling River, we now know only too well that there is no great inland water in the centre of the continent. In justice to Mr. Moore, it should be men tioned that he concludes thus : — "I would not be understood as desiring to build any theory upon this or indulging any visionary speculations; but as merely mentioning what the natives have said, leaving it to time to ascertain the truth." A curious description is given of the approach of two aboriginal messengers with the news of a death. This sad intelligence was communicated, it ap peared, by the fashion in which one of the strangers embraced one of the na tives with Mr. Moore, "breast to breast and cheek to cheek." When the stranger at last rose and spoke he an nounced that a relative of the man he had embraced had that day been killed by another tribe. "This gave occasion to Weenat to explain their law, that when one dies or is killed the relative of a certain degree is bound to avenge the death, by killing one of the same age and sex belonging to the offending tribe or another." Weenat also men tioned that he had an old account of this kind to settle for the death of a brother, which he would avenge on a child of the enemy's tribe when he could find one. A dense fog in the valley next morn ing drove the whole party up on to the hills, the course being north by east, and traces of fire having recently passed over all this country were abundantly evident. Reaching a pool some 20ft. deep, Mr. Moore brought his fishing tackle into requisition, and "the bait was scarcely in the water when it was seized, and up came a fine 'cobbler,' of nearly 2Ib. — the first, perhaps, that was ever drawn out of that pool since its crea tion." "In my hurry to recover my hook from the fish, I fancied," relates Mr. Moore, "I learned the reason of the name, by getting a deep probe in my finger from an awl-shaped sort of spike, which it seemed to wield at each of its fins. Warned by the natives that the sting was poisonous, and would cause in flammation up the arm, I sucked my fin ger, and drew blood copiously from it, and, perhaps, to this precaution owe the comparative immunity from mere pain." These pools were too deep for the native methods of fishing, by sweeping out the shallows with brushwood, but Mr. Moore was able, by his rod, to keep his sable friends well supplied with an appreciat ed edible. Anxious ever to find a river to the north, the object of his search, Mr. Moore, by his persistent inquiries, elicit ed the curious information from a com municative and gesticulative native, "there the river runs, runs till it runs head foremost under a hill; by-and-bye it runs again, and goes past Garbanup to the sea." The superstition of the natives was shown by Weenat starting up in the night and exclaiming in his own vernacular, "Ho! Who is there?" As no reply was vouchsafed, it was decided by the natives that the camp was being visited by "a Bolia or a Cheirgah — a wizard or a ghost." The "spook" was then to ascend in the shape of a white cockatoo, and the company, thus reas sured, renewed their rest in peace. Learning that the river he was in search of was distant but one day's march, Mr. Moore, after presenting his friends with a few more cobblers, and the fascinating Toodyeep with a hook and line, parted with them and went on his way, the direction indicated to him being north- north-east. But though he adhered closely to the instructions he had received from the natives, "the sun set, the twilight failed, and no river." Worse still, no water was to be found, but the "cobbler," fish the small party, now reduced again to the original three (Mr. Moore, the policeman, and Weenat), had brought with, them proved so deliciously juicy that they did not suffer from want of moisture. Next morning, the much-desired dis covery was made. Before the party had proceeded 200 yards on their way, they came unexpectedly upon a stream in size between the Swan and the Helena. The horses plunged eagerly into the stream to quench their thirst, and Trooper Hefferon exclaimed to his leader, 'Sir! You are the first to see this river here. I think you have a right to name it. I'll chris ten it, if you please, sir, the River Moore.' " And so saying the trooper made his libation. The travellers then ascended the stream, which flowed from the north-east; and, as they proceeded up its course, "he hills became more gentle, the river flats or plains more ex tensive, the grass fine wherever it had not been burned." Thus was the Moore River discovered. On this water ducks abounded, and the birds were converted into a much appreciated article of diet. Presently was met a native of this new district. His name turned out to be Bingal; and, although he had never seen Europeans before, and was naturally shy at first meeting them, he soon re gained his confidence on perceiving that the strangers were friendly, and hospi tably invited them to dine with, him off a kangaroo he had killed that morning. The invitation was accepted, but Bin gal was liberally compensated in return for a portion of his kangaroo with two cockatoos, some "cobblers," and some biscuit. His two wives ran off in alarm at first sight of the white strangers. Questioned as to the existence of any other river besides the Moore in this dis trict, Bingal could only give a negative reply. (To be continued.) 