OVENS DISTRICT HOSPITAL. The ordinary meeting of the board of management of tho above institution was held on Tuesday evening. Present : Mr. Billson (in the chair) and Messrs. Cun ningham. Rowe, Sand ham, Fiddes, Arm strong, Ingram, Dodd. and an aDolosrv was received from Mr. Mateer for his non-attendance. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Correspondence was read from C. H. Creeth and Thomas Thomas, acknow ledging the kindness and attention they had received as patients in the hospital. Also from the shire of Wodonga, forward ing annual donation of £1 Is. The House Committee's report stated that the resignations of the cook, assistant cook, and wardsinaid had been received and accepted, and Nurse Irapey, probationer nurse, wished to resign on account of ill-health. Mr. T. Drenen, oE the " Rutherglen Sun," offered his account for advertising as a donation. A letter from the collector was read, complaining of the action of Mr. Ingram in preventing him from making collect-ions among the Chinese, and it was decided to arrauge a meeting of the presidents and collectors of the two institutions to settle the matter. Tenders were recommended to be called for supply of bedsteads and spring-mattresses, also for some printing. The .usual monthly accounts were passed for payment. The resignations were accepted, to be reconsidered if withdrawn. The collector's letter of complaint was read, stating that as a consequence of Mr. Ingram and Mr. ChannonV. visit to Ru therglen and Wahgunyah, he had been unable to collect subscriptions from the Chinese, as arrangements had been made to send the total and divide it equally be tween tho two institutions, which would mean a large annual loss to the Hospital. Mr. INGRAM, in reply, gave a lengthy explanation of the reasons for the visit by himself and Mr. Channon to that district, and the arrangements made for future contributions by the Chinese, which he believed would result in a larger amount being colleated with increased benefit to both institutions. He forciblo disclaimed any intention to further tlie interests of one institution to the detriment of the other. He considered the equal division of contributions perfectly reasonable, and that the collector's letter was likely to be productive of harm to welfare of the hos pital. A long and somewhat aorimonious dis cussion ensued, several of the members condemning tho action of Mr. Ingram and the asylum collector, and it was ultimately decided that the presidents and collectors should meet and arrange a plan for visit ing the various localities, at different periods. . The patients' committee's report stated that there were 71. in-patients, fiO males and 11 females ; 12 had been admitted since the previous week and 9 discharged or cured. The names of new out-patients were read and approved. The collector's report showed that £115 5s. had been collected for August and September, as compared with £109 2s. 3d. for the corresponding period last year, and that valuable assistance had been rendered by Alex. Hedley and Sun YVah Cheong. Mr. Hedley was elected an annual go vernor and Sun Cheong a life go vernor. '1 lie hon. treasurer reported that after paying the monthly accounts, their total indebtedness would amount to £1175 3s. 4d. Accounts amounting to £'238 9s. 2d. were passod for payment as money became available, and the meeting then adjourned. As there is no prospect of an amend ment of the Local Government Act this session, the Municipal Association of Victoria, which sat in conference on Thursday, decided that nothing would be gained by a deputation to the Minister of Public Works, and a proposed interview was postponed indefinitely. . A claim for public sympathy is put forward on behalf of Archbishops who live in palaces and have five-figure incomes. They are obliged to spend so much on garden parties and such like entertainments that, big as their salaries are there is no money in the business. It is stated that the leading Archbishop rics of England are run at a loss to those whom the uninitiated regard, as having the good fortune to be in possession of them. Hence, without a man has private means he cannot accept arch-episeopate office. Likely enough- that is all true (says a Sydney writerj. for even on a mitre it is not necessarily all gold that glitters. It is a fortunate thing for the Church, therefore, tnat did not exist when the Holy Ghost came down in fiery tongues, for if it had He would not hare found a man eligible for aDDointment. It is not on record that Peter or any of the Gallilee fishermen had big private incomes from money invested in gilt-edged securities, nor was there a man amongst the apostles who had a rent- roll amounting to shucks. The only they could make it work was by doing without fat-calved flunkeys to hand them things on silver salvers, and not being over-solicitous about what they should eat or what they should drink, or wherewith they might be clothed. Howwould lit be if Instead of complaining about the in adequacy of their ten and fifteen thouwnd \- mttances. their successors tried to jget over the difficulty by similar means. 