Perth Letter. (BY BUXGARRA.) The session is closed ; the benches erstwhile tilled with the wisdom and forensic force of all that was best and wisest and noisiest (also most garrulous) in our suffering country, are now covered with dust cloth till the Talkeries re-opens and the flood of pent-up language once more linds vent, and sturls to perpetrate more Hansard ; the Speaker's wig and the Sergeant's continuations have been laid aside ; the bauble from the foot of the table is being furbished up with emery powder and knife polish ; the reporters' gallery, especally the part lately occupied by the representative of the Kalgoorlie Miner, is being disinfected with carbolic and water the ladies' dress circle over the clock has been dry-blowed for hairpins, gloves, stray lollies, and other feminine accessories spilt overboard during the divorce and female franchise debates; the ushers find time to play " two up" in the deserted dining hall, and the Minister %er Tucker can replenish his depleted stock of whisky and " two for" smokes ready for a call upon the various brands of Fremantle firewater that stimulate the brains of our legislators to oratorical eruption in the House. Let us pull down the blinds. While Sydney has been sweltering at 95 degrees in the waterbag, Perth has been dressed in great coats, waterproofs and umbrellas for weeks past. What we want now is less weather and more climate. The 90 per cent of sand we have always with us, in our boots, our tucker and our whiskers ; the 10 per cent climate, which the Land of Promise and other literary romances glows about, has so far been in evidence by its absence. Spring still hides coyly, waiting foi the chill frown of winter to fade from the landscape, before smiling on our dry goods merchants and tailors whose light summer dress stuffs and clothes displayed in their windows entice the tardy shekels from the unwilling pocket in vain. The Perth Amateur Orchestral Society has suffered from stress of weather too. Their first concert a few Saturdays ago announced for Creinorne Gardens, had to be given indoors in the theatre where the fleas watch and prey, and the ghosts of many Perth smells haunt the comfortless seats. The repetition of the concert, which as a"musical exhibition was one of the best that ever tickled the metropolitan tympanum, was announced for the following Thursday in the gardens, but Jupiter Pluvias upset the applecart once more and a postponement was announced till the next Saturday, when it poured again, and bust up the show ifor the third time. The smellful hall was resorted to, as the gardens were uninhabitable, and Perth mostly stayed at home and blasphemed the weather. The clouds still lower overhead as I write, and we have no alternative except to " wait till the clouds roll by," Things theatrical in the capital are booming, We are getting the best of the Eastern successes sent over by Williamson & Musgrove. The Sign of the Cross, the Prisoner of Zenda, the Silver King, and others, are all drawing crowded audiences. A native of the colony was overheard talking to the leaning actor whom he tolcl that he had seen the Sign of the Cross in Westralia twenty years ago. The actor disputed it, and asked who took the leading parts. u The hero," said the native, " was a white sheep herder, the heroine was a black gin, and the Sign of the Cross was a piebald pickaninny. Mine's a whisky, please miss." The actor shouted and left suddenly to keep an important engagement. Geraldtonians will be pleased to know that their member, Mr. Simpson, reappeared in the House a few minutes before prorogation on Friday afternoon. Many friends welcomed him back once more, and many congratulations were offered on his access to health once more. Looking well and fit he looks good for many a brilliant speech and smart criticism on the misdeeds of the jurrah biockade on the Government benches. Country constituencies are hereby warned to keep a look-out for the approaching incursioR, not of rabbits, but of members oL : Parliament with large rolls of Hansard protruding from their coat tail pockets, who contemplate an invasion of their electorates for the purpose of convincing the deluded voter by extracts eulled at convenient intervals that they voted the straight griffin every time, and talked straignt for tiieir districts right through. You can prove anything by Hansard, it can be r ead and construed so many ways while it is a fact that much of the speechi fying during the session was delivered at censure of the Forrest incubus, and are diametrically opposed to the votes which followed on division when principle and expressed conviction were thrown to the winds to prevent the defeat of the Ministry. When a man quotes Hansard to prove what he said, ask him on which side he voted to make sure of him. Yeib. sap. 31st October, 98. 