LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM DID NOT LAST. LADY SUES FOR DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF PROMISE. PLAINTIFFS EVIDENCE. FURTHER CROSS-EXAMINATION. INTERESTING DETAILS. The hearing of the Fuller v. Johnston breach of promise ease was continued this afternoon, after our report was closed on Page 2. Mr Forlonge pur sued his erusH-exumlnutlon of the plain- tiff. The next letter read was from defen dant, and taid : "Your kisses will bo most acceptable when you meet me. Thei'o's over a week to lavish them on me. Seventeen days after you get this will Anil my own Flor- rle In Bert's arms; Burt's Ann and loving embrace. You won't he cross again will you. dear? Bert's good girl ; you said you would be Bert's good girl, and we will live to please each other. Your Bert is all yours; If you let Bert feel you are his entirely you will be as Jealous us ever, but be quite unconscious of It, for I will never rouse the feeling; If we cannot agree together, why quarrel with the letters? Cannot w«- hear with each other. nd prove 'no Hps of man can canker love.' " Plaintiff replied: 31 Lennox street. Richmond, May 3rd. 1&97. My Dear Bert.— I was pleased to get your letter this morning, and reply at once, In case It might be too htle on Thursday. 1 wonder how long It will be till you are relieved. I don't want my own way In everything. Bert; I want to please you In every little way I can. You know I do, so don't be cross. 1 am not Indifferent to you. It Is only you moke mo so when you worry me. You wilt love me nicely when you come down, won't you, Bert? And not teusc me, eh? Then I'll be,- oh! so good! I can't, unless 1 am loved. 1 did look after the train, but 1 could not see you. I dreamt last night tlmt you and I both had scarlet fever, und Ethel dreamt that she and Sis had IL Wasn't it funny, both In the same night? . . Sis and I went to tho Cathedral yester day morning. Lord und Lady Brassey were there, nnd Lord Richard Neville, and he Is the same man I painted out to you ut Christmas, so 1 am afraid It won his ghost at St, Peter's that day. 1 have a bad, sore foot; my heel Is nil skinned. I have not finished Martin Chuzzlewlt yet. Dickens' books take such a long time to read. 1 am glad that the socks are comfortable, and that 1 can really do something useful for you. Bert, did yau see tho death of Dick Kelly's mother In' the papers? She died rather suddenly. You remember 1 told you about Nellie Smith, Mabel King's sister, going out to South Africa to l>u married. 1 hoar she sprung a surprise on them, for she married the fellow before she left Melbourne, more than a year ago. And only her mother knew about it. She is going out' this month, I believe. . , . I am'- not a naughty £lrl. urn I? Bert's own good girl. You are going to love me nicely, eh? 1 want to bo loved "awful lots." Now,' good-night, dear. Mother and 3h> Join In love, anil kisses from your loving Florrle. Mr Forlonge: Were things pretty rough between' you at that lime? Witness: We were on good terms. Now, look here:— » May 13, 1S97. My Dear Bert.— t feel very unlit for writing to - night, but as you said you should especially go in for it, 1 feel I must catlsfy you so far. The stamp (you did not owe me 2d) I am sending It hack' on tho outside of the envelope. Instead of Inside, as 1 Intend ed. As It happens, it was a good Job you sent It. or I fear you would not have got this letter. Sis has a sore throat, and I am on the sluk list. 1 tried everyone In the house, and no one luui a 2d stamp, so I overcame my pride out of considera tion for you. I am using yours on the understanding, please, that l atn nhle to return it to you again. 1 suppose, Bert. I am discontented, but. I think, unynne would think I have some cause. You ask me to think of you at your best. When I do so I think of "My Bert" as he was before September, 1854. I hnte act ing a farce, and our engagement seems to have been that since. My last letter certainly cost me a good cry, as prob ably you saw the truces, although I wnn not aware they were visible. But sooner than go on In this style, feeling always so dissatisfied. I would sooner wc parted What lr. a few months' pain to a life T long misery? 1 would do anything pvslhle to please you. and have really tried by my action lo do so. Can't you be your own self, Bert, Just as you used lo be. Oh! I do wish yuu would. It makes me miser able to reel that there Is always a har rier between us. Will you try and talk R over with me when you come down, there's a dear. I'd give anything for your entire eonddeiieti and love. The latter Is the oue thing worth getting in this world, and the thing I most prize. If I am well enough I go to the Depart ment on Saturday, and nsk the question.' I don't particularly cure about It. but I'll do It for you. Should you get re lieved to-tnorrow try and let me have a wire, will you? I should not care to ask and be told you wen- relieved. It would look as If you had tried to deceive me about It. so you will comply If possible,' won't ynu. . . . Ynu huvc been very kind and good to me. That's what I feel more than anything thut anything shuuld have made u difference In you. Bert. Perhaps when you see me oftuner I may not feel It s«. Don't make your self unhappy over mc. Bert; I never wnnt you to be thut. If 1 get an answer on Saturday I'll post a letter or P.C. to you on Sunday. Now, good night, Bert, Excuse all mistakes. I long to get to hud.— From your loving Florrle. Mr Forlonge: Were you 'discontented at that time ? Witness: In some things— about , his family. How could your engagement be a farce?— I say It seemed u furi-e on his purl that lie did not do all he could with i-esqa-it to the family and me. He knew the fumily were a great annoyance to That was all he didn't do for you?— Yes. You thought of parting?— I said so there. You say he hud hceq very kind and good lo you?— lie had, In days gone by. When?— In the llrst part of our en gagement. ' / And after that he' was very .nasty?— Not always. About this time?— He seemed un settled. and said l»e didn't know what to do ur how things wore going. How what things were going?— Our engagement. I HUpjwse. The next letter put In wus dated 23th May, 1S57:- My Dear Bur.— Many thnnks for your kind queries re my health. T am much better since, hut I foel ihe pressure of work at present. To-night I realty could sit or stand and go to sleep. I have not the slightest Inclination for nork of any kind, and that's not like myself. I did not go to the <h-pjixtnK.nl on Saturday, as you hud written. That ought to wake thetn up; there is nothing like letting them know you are still alive, but! do not believe In worrying thcrn. Should you not hear before a fortnight. I will go und rouse Un-m. but i think uud hope you will be down lung before that. ! hope you will not be disappointed that I did not go, Bert. We have had a wedding In the house since I last wrote, or rather out of the house. You hoard tnc- speak of Miss Tzack. who was staying with Miss Sinclair at Eos- ter. Shu went away Ins) Thursday, walked Into town, and wus there mar ried. The only ones who knew about it were Mr and Miss Sinclair. It has caused quite an exc-ltr-ment. They catnc back here In the evening to see us all, und have been since staying ut the Fed eral Coffee Faluce till to-day, when they left for Stuwcit. Sorry your teeth are troublesome. I know a young jnau who bus had all his teeth drawn (In front) to please his lady lovo. I think 1 must persuude S'ou likewise. ... I was going to write to you Sunday evening, but my cry over- the book made my head so had I could not lM.-ur U. I never dreamt the department would keep you waiting up there so long. Bert, I hope you are down soon now. I think your letter will wake them up. They are a . sleepy- headed lot. It seems longer than Ave weeks since I said Good bye. I want you down, for I want to be loved desperately bad. . . . You must read John Italifux, Bert, and see what you think of It. Such devotion nnd faith fulness ure certain' to bo aimed nt, but I fear nre rarely attained. I do not think there is any other news to interest you, Bert, so I must close. I hope you are down by Sunduy, Bert. I suppose when you do get down you will get out at Richmond. If I can I will come and meet you. Now Good-night, dear. With fond love, from your loving Florrle." June 14, 1897. My dear Bert,— Your letter Just to hand. You usk mc to take It with my clu Bert's kindest feeling. If there's a person on all this world I would Uo any thing, for it is none other than he., I feel, perhaps, at the present time he Is feeling miserable, hence this letter, 1 suppose this will reach you nt Rust on Friday, If not before, so I am going to chance It. 1 feel so disgusted to think of yesterday's proceedings. No one even made me feel so desperate as you did yesterday. I would give anything to be able to have the day over again. But. ulna, 'tis gone. Honestly. Bert. I believe I should be better If I went to rhurch us I used to. Next Sunday I hope to do so. J thlnk'l am weak, and not able to bear things :im well. I was more ljkc a wild creature than anything. You know I always Hhow what I feel, and If I am put out I cnu'l act the amiable. I could not help being cool last night; my hand disgusts me to look at. It Is bla?k all over thepalin to-day. and ho tender It .Is a constant reminder to me.' 1 urn disgusted at myself, however don't you fret yourself. Don't you worry. We will talk the mutter over on Friday, and I will meet you ul thu 9.12 train, if I can. I shall come Lennox street, not the hack way. Good night, Bert. Try to forget II ulh I know you have tried to he good. I don't know whut jxjssc.ssed me, I feel so quiet to-dny. Just like calm, uftcr a storm. I do hope you are well, und fairly cnmfortnblc. 1 would kiss you If you were here to-night. I feel I can't write that-usual ending, for I am not a very loving Florrle, so 1 merely ray I remain, your disappointed Florrle. I'll try to lie good. Bert, hut everything goes against mc. I raw Gun Miller to-duy. hut not to speak to. . Perhaps It would be belter If you. dropped him a P.C. about the poetry book. I would Just as soon not, nsk him, unless you very much wish I;. Try to be happy, there's a good boy. Good night." Mr Forlonge: I Indit-vc defendant 'used to come down from One Tree H1U to see you every Friday?— Yes. Is It no: possible thut in June he might have broached thu subject of marrying you at Christmas time?— lie did at Jubilee lime. What did he ray?— He said he would like to be innrrlcd at Christmas. Where was It 'said?— In the railway train coming from Flemlngton. Were you agreeable to that?— I would not answer the question at'the time! ' Why not?— I didn't consider the train u fit 'place to discuss the subject. When you got out of the .train whut (lid you oay?— I suhl I'd discuss it some other time, - ' Was he pressing?— Not that night. _ How long did you take to consider?—! think wc discussed the question next day. I said 1 would murry him before the year was nut— Easter If 'possible. ! ' " But you couldn't see your way to marry at Christmas— what for?— I wished to pass my competency examina tion. ' And till ynu hnd pusscd ynu could not gel your certtiAcate?— 1 Thut Is so. And you would have to give an exhi bition of teaching?— Yes. And' wouldn't you require a school to practice?— No. Were ynu teaching a school Inst year? — Yes. at Richmond. . . ' Had you the faintest chance of pass ing in music last year?— No. Could yuu have pasAud in drawing?— 1 had ii faint chnneu. . , Tho examinations were no good lo you?— Yes; they meant promotion, / But .you can't teuoh after you are married?— No. t What good was it to you?— It Is al ways good .to have a certiorate, , Be sides, there are some married women in the department. . .. Doesn't It come Lo this, that you were desirous of passing your examinations , before yon were marrlud ?— Yes. If you could not pass In music, had you a. chance of getting some other bil let?— The. department would class me as 8th class usslstaut, without passing in music.- In June you n greed to marry him within twelve months' time?— Yes. But you did not wish to get married al Christmas, because -you wanted . to pass the exam.'?— Yes; and 1 had an other reason. - . . What 'was thnt?— ' I did. not 'want to leave home at Christmas. Weren't you thu main support. of your mother?— 1 paid, my board. Then you distinctly refused to murry in December?— Yes. Mr Forlonge read the following let- nth July, 1897. 1 hnd. a very pleasant time with you hist Sunday night, but I wish to show I had iHH-n thinking of our hnrnc. In 2"< ur 29 weeks I hope to see our union, nnd as you sue from the time there's cer tainly a lot to be done tu further that end. And us you nre so anxious, to 1 make something for me. I shall ask yuu to do something for us now time Is short. I think wo might Just u.s well .i villi ourselves of thu winter sales, und save a few shillings by buying our blankets (couple of pqlrs) tlnd sheeting lids month. Tills Is my idea, and of course tho shooting will require hem ming, and I thought you would like to And you were working for your home, i It is ns v. ell t« purehuse at once, as It Is sale time. If you wish. I know there are other things which ought to receive consideration, us curtains, oilcloth, etc., hut there Is no disadvantage storing some things. Now if ynu mean business there is little time to spare. I am ready nnd willing to put tny shoulder tu lite wheel to promote my future hopes and as soon as the spring excursions,, und that probably will be about next. month, you shall come tip with in for un In troduction to wimt Is to lie our home for a short pcrlou, . . When 1 am all l ought to be 1 will be on my dying bed, for theu faults are .hushed. Till then my faults are there, and death uloue will measure them. In the love (which you question) borne for you when my spirit , shall arise und fully witness the Impres- 1 alon made on h girl I will seek as my J wife. "There's many a gem of purest 1 ruy serene, the dark unfuthomed caves nf ocean bear." Lot us try hand in hand nnd heart In heart to face every thing before us, and at the close of our J march we-may feel the thrilling strains >ee «h'- conquering hero comes" to sti mulate us, and to show us thai we may overcome all, "and nothing succeeds like success. Just an I ,;|o«e I reiterate, if I am not ail, J care not to bo at all. Th«> union of our hearts will r»-pulse every shadow of opposition, und Anally lead to u home where I shall strive my utmost and the love sincere Is marked In every action, so writes one who would strive I to do his duty, with a feeling of deep love always pouring over his future wife. Then, this poor man wus under a de lusion alt this time V— I told him what I meant Did he ever speak to you about taking up. household work?— Yes. he said that 1 might study things that would be of You see. he speaks of the wedding be ing at Christmas time. Thul was a de lusion. Did you write back und tell him so?— :To the best of.iny remember- once I did not. I told him so at the week end. After lie came from One Tree IBH did you have any words?— Yes. He wanted everything his own way. What about— money, money, money?— I wanted my marriage settlements. Hut he wanted hlx own way?— And lie had It. Were, there rows about the family ?— Yes. Anything snltl -about marrying the fumily?— No, not then. .When was the inolher-ln-law men tioned? — The September previous to that. Had you oesed loving him then?— No. Did you really love him?— I did. Was he still urging you to marry ut Christmas time?— He kept mentioning It. . Every time?— Very often. What used you to say to him? — That It wan Impossible. Why?— Things were unsettled at home. . How?— My mother would have Just Well, she knew she must do that sootier or later?— Yes. What w:i» going to take place between Christmas and Easter to reconcile your mother to your going?— She might take somebody' into the house In my pice. Did you see Bert at Cup time?— Yes. Did he still harp on Chrlstmus? — I don't remember. Did h<riwrlte lo the effect that If you continued to treat him with Indifference the game was over?— I don't remember to have seen such a lctter. If It is sworn that. It was actually handed to you, what will you say?— It might have been handed to me. Defen dant often handed me letters, and I .handed them hack aguin.' ' Didn't care to trouble about reading them. I suppose?— He was there, and could say what he wanted to say Instead of writing. . In October was he still asking you to marry him at Christmas?— He had given up.uskltig. He si>oke to iny mother about It, and that seemed to settle him. . Did- you ever say It was no good mar rying' him on account of his relations?— I said I hoped our relations would, he better. Did he ever tell you that he 'would try and smooth down his relations?— Not till I usked him. : In November did his mother write and nsk you. to call and see her?— Yes , Did you cull?— No, 'Did you think she wanted to make pence?— I thought she might. - Then, w'hy didn't j-ou go?— Because the letter was not sufficiently inviting. How?— She might have addressed me in some other may than "MIbh Fuller." Did you go ut ull?— Yes, I went next Sunday. How did. she receive you? — Very cold- ly. -What else?— She said I had ipade her son a very had boy. What did you say?— Nothing. Why?— She never gave me a chance. Did she do all the talking?— She did. (Laughter). Did you offer to make.it up?— No. Why?— Because she never gave me u chance. ' Did you stop?— No; 1 went away. It was no good stopping If shq was going to talk to me .like thut. Yoii didn't care for her?— I wasn't particularly fond of her. Did Dert In December say It was no ubc to't come down to wrangle?— Not at that time. : Were there not rows up, to the finish? —I say. It was not so.' ' ; Well, | how Jong bufori that?— The week before 1 went to sec-hlx mother. Did he ever'say to you, "Let me know what. you mean".?— lie often sold things of that sort. Did it jnnnoy you Uiat the defendant kept talking about getting married af ter you. had told him It wan Impossible? —That nnd- other things. Did he, ever tell you that lic'd marry you as soon as .he could?—! don't re member, , .Did you ever tell the defendant you'd wait, till he was ready?— Yiy. 1 told him that. . He wrote to you stating that you must either set him free or marry lUm ut any time?— Yes. - i.- Did you write back to him?— No. be cause I saw him oh the Frlduy. Did you ever ask him what Be meant by constantly alluding to this matter?— Yes I did. \ Did he. ever speak to you about pre paring .'linen and things for the houne?— Yes . . I said U wus no use, storing; things. Did it ever occur to you to get sheet ing or domestic articles for the house?— No; that wus his place, . Did you a. week or so before the pmash up speak to him about your -hoard money?— No; I don't think so. Did he tjnk ynu to murry ut Chrlstmus, and did you say, "No. my inoihtv will lose my board money?"—! don't reinem- ber It..' I. didn't say that. | : What was said?— Defendunt said that he'd he willing to help tny. mother.- ' When?— When he'd married me. j Then he was to marry the family?— I never said so. Did you usk hlin?— No; I was sur prised. Whnt did you tell him ?-I Bald I wouldn't marry him If he had to do tlat. Was this a week 'or so before the smash?— It was the Sunduy before. : And he was promising you oil sorts of thlngH to get you- to marry .him?— Yes; Did he say' "I'll make up to your mather whatever shev loses?"— No. Did you mention anything ubout hit muther to anyone about December?— f may have mentioned his mother. Anything to her disparagement? — I told him that she lived opposite lo some friends of ours uo years ago. Did he ever ray anything to you about your Inbultlng his mother?— No. Did you. In :i leller Of December IS. suy. "Trusting thut we shall Iw married this year?"— Yes. I wrote It In a great hurry before going Into town. 