AT VESPERS. Sermon by Father Vincent. The cathedral was crowded in the even ing when the new prelate officiated at Pontifical vespers, and pronounced the Papal benediction. The sermon was preached by the Very Rev. Father Vincent, C.P., wno took ior nis next, - u-o ye nneretore and teach all nations ; baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you ; and behold I am with you all days to the consummation of the'world" nn.of. rtlia.rif.rtr /if' IVToffVifliv 1 TVio troi'ir votr J. Vi -hU.lv uuuviny I VJ.J V I » preacher said :— These words — the last words our Divine Lord spoke upon earth — were uttered under circumstances most impressive and solemn. When He . had spoken them He ascended into Heaven. They contain a commission and a command, and were addressed to the Apostles and their lawful successors. For if not to their successors the Word of God would come to naught, and there would be no meaning in the expression, " And behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world." Christ could not be with His Apostles all days, for they died soon, but He could be with their lawful successors ; therefore the Apostles were only the first link in the chain of apostolic succession that was to extend to the end of the world. There is no past, there is no future with Ged : all to Him .is as nresent. When He uttered these solemn words "Go ye therefore " etc.,- His divine eyes not only fell upon the apostles who surrounded him, but also upon, their lawful successors. And hence the authority and powers of those who succeed the apostles are practically the same in origin and institution as those given to the apostles themselves. Now it has been defined as an sfrticle of faith at the Council of Florence, and afterwards affirmed and redefined by the General Council of Trent, that the . bishops and priests of the Catholic Church are the true a.nd only successors of the apostles. To each bishop, then, Our Divine Lord delivers this commission and issues the same com mand as that delivered to the apostles. The bishop consecrated to-day is but another link in the chain that binds him to the chair of Peter on earth and to the invisible head of the Church in heaven. Hence the conseci'ating prelate asked him : " Have you the mandate ?" (i.e., the com mission, the authority of Leo XIII., the vicar, of Christ, in a word of Christ Him self). When the assistant bishop speaking for him answered in the affirmative, he said, " Let it be read," and in the words of Leo XIII. the mandate was read for the public. The consecrating prelate could not raise a finger over him until this document ' from the lawful successor of Peter was assured. The greatest saint that ever lived, the brightest luminary in the Church, has not a feather-weight of authority unless he has this commission from Rome. Giving an explanation of the emblems of the episcopal office, the preacher said: The crozier was the emblem of his pastoral charge, the crook of the Good Shepherd, the ring told him he was to be a faithful spouse of Christ, and the massive gold cross gathered from the dust of his own golden West by the hands of his own faithful children among whom he laboured so well, will ever remind him that he should follow in the footsteps of his n.mmfifid Master. Referring to the newly consecrated, he said : What a joy to our beloved Arch bishop — for it was from him he received his elementary training — to see him this day raised to the dignity of the episcopate in the Church of which he is the metro politan ! What glad tidings to the people of Western Australia to have one of their own — a child of the soil — elevated to this high dignity and placed over tlnpn as their chief pastor! What hope for the Church in Australia to see another of her sons crowned with the mitre. For no country can be recognised as strong in the faith until she is able to produce a native clergy. And now another has been added to the glorious galaxy of piety, learning, and zeal that shines so brightly in the episcopate of Australia. The prophet of old said, " I will place watchmen upon the walls, and they will watch night and day," etc. That prophecy is being fulfilled in this country. Go round the coasts of Australia and be hold these watchmen. What can escape their vigilance? What can resist their zeal ? Come down from the tropical suns of Cooktown, by Brisbane. Come to the metropolitan see of Sydney, graced by our- Cardinal Archbishop, who is ever on the alert in the cause of Holy Church. Come round to Melbourne, where another giant in learning and zeal presides with such grace and dignity. Take his very latest utterances reported to us from the historic college of Maynooth. They would be sufficient of themselves to immortalise him. Come unto Adelaide and see your be loved Archbishop. As he is not presiding on his throne I may speak more freely. You know how he is bearing1 the burden placed upon him a few years ago. The' letter appearing the other day in the Southern Cross upon the " Adoration of the Cross/' shows his vigilance as a watchman and as an erudite and masterful exponent of Catholic truth ; and to- day has been placed another watchman upon the walls in Western Australia. His vigorous pen has already made him a power there. To day he has grasped in his strong right hand the first crozier of Geialdton. Let us hope that the cares and anxieties of the pastoral office may not prevent him from still wielding his powerful pen in the sacred cause of Catholic truth. ' Such writings will in some way serve to counteract the erroneous doctrines which unfortunately from time to time appear in print. And it is a deplorable sign " that the days are evil" when the Press can be prostituted for such evil purposes. It is a bright and happy augury that his first episcopal act was to preside at the .first vespers of the Assumption of Our Lady, and that his first Mass will be that of the Assumption. Let us, when the Blessed Sacrament is exposed for our adoration during Benediction, pray that God may protect and strengthen him, that his mitre may not be for him a crown of thorns, and also implore the Blessed Mother of God to be a mother to him, to his priests and people, and to help him in the formation of the diocese over which he has been ap pointed to rule. 