:Stf*&&BARE70;$..TnM..KBl£E.*\ ... .Shakespeare, .'it_wouid -seemr- must have known something about' the bicycle, for throughout- his plays'he makes-frequent refer ences to the wheel." It must be that Hamlet's father had visited a bicycle academy, where beginners on the wheel were plenty, for his Ghost said : " What a failing off was there ! " This most excellent description is paralleled by another in the same play, in which refer ence is made to an accident, the new woman of the early sixteenth century being evidently the greatest sufferer. The first player says :— ''Break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel." Then the'Fool in '"Lear" gives advice to coasters, of the merits of which the modern rider may judge for himself. He says :— " Let go thy hold when a great wheel runs down hill, lest it break thy neck with following it." Even Cleopatra had her wheel. Antony ad vises her to mount it and seek C:t_>sar, when he says - " Of C.~esar|seek your honor, with your 'safety.'-' There were evidently bicycle thieves in those days, and owners had to carefully guard their precious wheels. In the li Tempest " Alonza says to the Bang :— ' We, too, my lord, Will guard your person while you take your rest, And watch your ' safety.'" In that same play, Ariel undoubtedly heard the king and his attendants coming on their wheels when she sang :— '• Hark ! Now I hear them : ding-dong bell." There is no doubt that Achilles, in "Troilus and ^Cressida," travelled on a bicycle, for he says to his myrmidons :— "Attend me while I wheel." It is safe to assume that, as to-day the wheel is a never-ending source of conversation, so was it at the time of Titus Andronicus, though the listener was more patient then. Aaron says to Demetrius : — " w talk at pleasure of your ' safety.'' It appears from a quotation made by the king in "All's Well that Ends Well" that the law required lamps to be carried at night, and that a violation of it was followed by death. He says :— " Let me live after my flame lacks oil.1' Chains were not noiseless, and bells were used in the days of the " Comedy of Errors," as is shown by a conversation between the Dromio of Syracuse and Adriana, which runs thus :— "A chain, a chain, do you not hear iti" " What, the chain V " Xo, no ; the bell." The availability of wheels in dangerous ser" vice is illustrated in " Coriolanus," when the winged messenger says to Cominius :— " Spies of the Volsces Held mt in chase, that I was forced to wheel Three or four miles about ; else had, Eir, Half an hour since brought my report." The tire of which Shakspeare wrote was evi dently filled with hair instead of air, and even its color was of importance. In " Much Ado About Nothing," Margaretsays :— "I like the new tire within excellently, if the hair were a thought browner." Puck's prophetic remarks about placing a girdle round the world in forty minutes is fully equalled by that of Launce in the "Two Gentlemen of Verona." He says:— " Then, may I set the world on wheels." Surely this prophecy has been fulfilled.— Invention. 