,; A Mystery in White. ' ; ' It's not more than a year agoj' said the veteran dotoctive when asked for a story,' ' that ;I had the strangest experience in ray career.? That's saying something, for, while I'm not one of these men in novels who can put on half a dozen disguises in an evening or look at a little heap of cigar ashes and identify the man who smoked the cigar. I've seen a great deal that way out o£ tho common : 'An old gentleman named Denzil called at my office one afternoon to employ my profes sional services. I know him by reputation as a stern,* grasping, money-making man who loved, nothing but his possessions and his beautiful daughter. On hor ho had lavished wealth,', but had saddened her lifo by prevent ing hpr'marriago to a manly young chap who was a fitting match ,for hor in appearance, attainments, and disposition. Ho was fast making a record in tho world of business, but it was a rich old baoholor who had passed the years of romance and enjoymont that Douvril had elected to have as a son-in- law. Evon under tho throat of disinheritance tho girl would not yield to this mercenary arrange ment, tho result being' a strained stato of neutrality which loft both aspirants for hor hand without any apparent hopo ot getting it. ' My caller wont direot to business. ' I'm a constant and heavy losor becauso of tho thoft of money and jewels from my own house,' lfo told mo. ' Things that are of tho most valuo constantly and mysteriously dis appuar. Now don't start off with tho usual questions about tho servants. I havo taken pains to teat their honesty for years and they aro above suspioion. I am completely in the tho dark without *any theories to embarrass you or any explanations to help. You have tho whole job without a ray of light thrown upon it, and if you find tho thief there will bo no haggling over the foo. It will bo worth much to mo to got this worry off my mind,, Burglars that make no noiso or marks and leave oiio'b Iioubo shut up, as tight as a drum tend to shatter a man's norveB.' ' I 'wont at once into the country and neighbourhood whoro Denzil lived, protonding to look for a bit of land where I could bnild within easy roach of tho oity. I put up at a Httlo roadsido tavern much frequontod in tho evening by farm hands. I was soon inter ested in their gossip about a ghost which thoy deolared had boon soon at different times and by difforpnt. pooplo. Thoir awed tones and Beared faces fitted tho subjoot, and thoro seemed to bo Bpmo substantial foundation for tho uncanny story, Ono husky young follow who did not look as though ho would bo easily frightened told of his encounter : ? [' 'I war a gittin' homo kinder late of a ?Sunday night, an' jist as I kirn to th' woods ayond ole Dorizils, I.mighty noar had a cor lission with th' ghos*. It warn't no whito cow er gray hosB or eboop or nothin' olso as war floBh an' blood. It, whizzod/by mo jist like it war flyin' low, an' orful/awif on a broomstiok. A follor's 'got tor believe his ?own oyeB, hain't he ? I war never. Boboror in mv life an' novor so flkeered. I bet my foot prints war twenty foot apart th'' ros' of tho way homo,.fnr I had a idoo that thar pesky thing was a sailin' 'long jist ahiud my coat tails.' ' I heard lileo oxporioncos from several others, and in Homo way connoctod tho' ghost' with tho Donnil robboriea. For two nights I stood a dreary watch in tho woods roforrcd to without making any disoovory. Tho third nighty I rocoived a shook. It was intonsoly dark in tho shadows of tho troos, mid as I sat at tho root of a big oak somo whito objoet glidod swiftly and noiBolosBlv iust above 'tho oontro of tho road. It. mado tho cold chills run ovor mo, though I havo no pationco with thoso who toll of visits or communications with tho departed. ' I was dotermined to cnlighton myself and Huourod a good saddlo horso as companion of my vigilH. Tho second night tho ' ghoBt' flow by and I galloped in its walco at all tho Hpood my horso could command. A milo ahead tho ' apparition' swerved to tho right of tho road andonded our mad race. Tying my horso iu n fenco corner I oropt noaror. Slowly I mado out that tho ' ghost' was a woman ot otately proportion!) wearing nothing but a daintly rufllod night robo. Sho loanod for a brief timo ovor tho hollow stump that had boon hor ovidont destination and then turning mounted hor Hying miiohino, which was a niodarn bioyolo, and wont acorohing back ovor tho courfjo aho -had couto. Again I followoil and did not stop until I Bttw hor disappear in the aide door of tho Denzil house. Hastening back to tho hollow Btump I explored tho interior.' ' And found the stolon property, of course,' interrupted a listener. ' jtfot a sign of it. I could discover noth ing that did not naturally belong there. Falling to find tho thief in the ' ghost,' I became a member of tho Denzil household, ostensibly as his privato secretary. My first discovery was that tbo ' ghost ' was tho beautiful MisB Donzil. Sho was a somnam bulist, and in utter ignoranco of the weird night rides she had taken. But when told of them tho explanation ' was an easy ono. When she and hor young lover were children, that hollow stump had been tho post oflico whero their ardent missives wero mailed, and called for. Tho memory of thoso days was a delightful ono to her and tho strange mentor nf hnr iiimnnRfiiniiR notion ni'omntod hor visits to tho old spot. ' My next important discovery oxplaincd tho mystery I was employed to solve. Watching secretly in -the hallways, I saw old Den/.il, with eyes wido open and set, coino out of his chamber, climb tho stairs and the attic, unlock an old desk stored there, opon a secret drawer and deposit money as well as, jowels. His action showed mo that his daughter's habit of moving about at night was an in herited ono. The next morning ho gave mo a terrific blowing up as a carolesB, incom petent and worthless detective who could not catch a thief whon in tho house with him. I was more interested in that charming daughter of his than in ray case, and a schome flashed into my mind as if inspired. ? ' ' Mr. Donzil,' I said, ' can you stand tho shock of knowing that your daughter is seriously threatened with the Iosb of her mind because of brooding over separation -from tho man whom you say sho shall never marry, and that becauso of her mental infirmity sho is innocently robbing you under a delusion that iii no other way can Bhe provide for tho future happiness of herself, and that young chap sho honestly thinks, poor girl, she is going to marry ?' . ? , ; ' 'It's a lie,' he roared, ' a miserablo plot. You'ro discharged.' ' I did not take Miss Donzil into my plans, I secretly transferred all the stolon wealth to the old stump, had a trustod officer on guard and then told the old gontloman that 1 could prove all I had said and insisted on the right to vindicate myself. Ho and I watched at the primitive post-office till his daughter came and repeated tho conduct I dosoribed. Thon wo brought out tho con cealed treasures. Donzil was beside hitnsolf for fear ho might act too lato. Ho sent post hasto for tho young lpver, mado a handsome sottlement, insisted on an immediate wedding and had mo as ono of the guests. Did ovor matchmaker do a slicker iob than I did ?', 