the novelist. "UNDER A CLOUD." FROLOGUE. Scathing and vibrating with scorn though tho words woro, they seemed to touch a chord in tho boy's heart, not of humiliation, but of righteous anger. He sprang to his feet, and hold himself for n moment as proudly as any of his arm oured ancestors who looked down from tho walls upon father and son. ' I will go, thon,' he cried, firmly. ' Tt is all right that I should go. But, after "all, it is false to say that I have disgraced your namo. It is Rupert who has done 'this.' Ho turned and walked steadily away, without a backward glanco. Out of the awing doors on to the broad staircase, he passed along noble corridors, between rows of marble statues, down into the mighty dome-liko hall, and out of the house which he had loved so well. And tho servants who would have pressed forward to welcome him, hung back in fear, for there was that in his face which they shrunk from looking upon. Out into tho soft summor night he stopped, heedless of their wondering glances, and down the broad avenue he hurried, never pausing once to breathe in the balmy night wind, heavy with the odour of sweet-smelling flowers, or to listen to the nightingale singing in tho low copso which bordered tho gardens. Through a low iron goto ho stopped into the park, and walked swiftly along, nevor glancing to tho right or to tho loft at the strange shadows cast by the mighty oak- trees on the velvety turf, or at the startled door, who sprang up on every side of him and bounded gracefully away, or at the rabbits who were scampering all around in desporate alarm ; once he loved to watch and listen to all these things ; but now ho felt only a burning desire to escape from thorn, and to find himself outside tho confines of the homo which lie was leaving for ever. And not until he had reached the last paling, and had vaulted into tho broad, white road, did his strength desort him. Thon, faint and weary, and heart- sick, he sank down in a heap on the roadside, and prayed that he might die. A cloudless summer morning, with the freshness of dawn still lingering in the air. A morning which .seemed about to herald in ono of nature's perfect days, on which to be sad were a crime, and to have troubles absurd. Already the dreamy humming of bees was floating in the atmosphere , and the lurk had given placo to noiser, if less musical, songsters. It was a glorious morning. . Over tho low, iron gate of an old- fasliioncd garden a girl was leaning, her head resting lightly upon her hands, gazing across the pleasant meadows to the dark woods beyond, with a soft, far away look ,in lier eyes — for she was thinking of Tier lover. She was dressed in a blue print gown, which hung in simple folds around her straight, slim figure, and she had carelessly passed the stalk of a full-blown red rose within her waistband. It was a vory pleasant view that she was admiring ; hut any casual spectator would have declared that she was the most charming object in it. And there was a spectator, although not a casual one. Suddenly, like a ghost, tho figure of her dreams stood before her. Pale, haggard, and dislievolled-looking, lie seemed to have risen out of the very ground ; and it was very little to be wondered at that, at first, she shrunk back alarmed. 1 Herbert ! Herbert ! can it really be you 1' He nffvor answered her ; but, as the first surprise began to fade away, she moved forward, und would have thrown herself into his anus. But he stopped her. ' Keep back, Marian,' he cried hoarsely, ' I have come to hid you good- bye.' A swift, sudden fear drove the colour from her cheeks, and chilled her through and through ; hut she faltered out un answer. 'Good-bye, Herbert. What do you mean ? Oh, toll mo wlmt has happened, quick.' ' The only thing worse than death, Marian — disgrace.' And then, with his face turned away, und his eyes resting wearily on the picturesque landscape, he told his story. The last word had left his quivering lips, and lie stood us though in a dream. The worst was over. He had told his father, and he hod told her. It seemed like the end of all things to him. Suddenly a pair of white arms were thrown round his neck, and a red nose was crushed against his waistcoat. 'Herbert how dreadful. Don't look like that, you frighten inc.' He was trying to freo himself, but she would not let him go. ' Dearest, you don't understand. This is ruin to me. My father lias turned me from the house, commanded me to hear another name, disowned me. Be brave, Marian, for we must part. I ain here only to tell you this, and to hid you fare well.' Still sho would not let liim go. 'You will do nothing of the sort, sir. I will not he thrown over in that fashion,' sho said, trying to smile through her tears. ' And Herbert, how ill you look. You have been out all night.' Ho did not deny it, hut again lie tried to disengage himself. But sho would have none of it. ' Bertie,' she said cheerfully, though her eyes wore still swimming with tears, ' you must not tliink you are going to get rid of us in that way. You just come wo will tell grunnio about it. Come along sir, I insist. He braced himself up for resistance, but he had still to learn that against a woman's love a man's will can prevail notliing. At first lie was firm, then wavering, and finally he was led in triumph aoross the smooth lawn and along the winding path to the French windows of tho morning-room. But when he found liimself face to face with the kind old lady who had loved him as her own son, una saw the tears trickle down her withered, apple-red cheeks, as she listened to the tale which Marian poured out,; he felt he had passed the limits of self-endurance. For more than 24 hours he had neither eaten nor drunk, and he ww at heart, Gradually Marian felt tho arm, which sho had drawn tightly through hers, grow heavier and heavier until at last as sho finished her tale with a little bursting of indignation, ho sank back in the arm-chair and slowly fainted. But through the mist which closed in upon him ho saw nothing hut kindly, pitying faces bending over his, and hoard grannie's gentle whisper— ' I believe you, Horbert,' and more emphatic but none the less earnest were lior words, whose sweet, tear- stained face, so close to his, was the last ho saw when unconsciousness was closing in upon him. ' So do I, Bertie, I hate Rupert,' and sweeter than the most heart-stirring music, were the faltering words she added — ' And I love von better than ever. Oil, Grannie, lie has fainted ! ' CHAPTER I. my apolouv Foiitun'k is the strangost mistress a man over wooed. Who courts lior shuns, who deserves her she passes over, and on him who defies her and takes 110 pains to secure her she lavishes her favours. 1 am one of those to whom she has shown herself most kind. Many years ago vowed my life away to one purpose, and that partly an immoral one. R has a purpose which hold my life. I swore to seek 110 end apart from it, and T put away from my thoughts all joys that were not included in its accomplishment. And yet, having kept my oath, I still possess in tho prime of life everything which a man could wish for. I am rich, and well thought of amongst my fellows. I am married to a woman whom I love, and life is flowing 011 with me as calmly and peacefully us the murmuring waters of a woodland stream in the middle of summer. And, above all, my heart is at ease, for have kept my vow. She is a strange mistress, indeed ! Notliing have I sought or deserved of her yet everything 1 have. Whilst I10 who was far above me in descrvings, and whose sufferings none save myself thoroughly understood, passed through a gloomy life, buffeted by every wind, stranded by every tide of fortune ; mis understood, wronged, falsely accused, and narrowly escaped remaining in men's minds only as a prototype of a passionate, unforgiving, Quixotic man. That the world may know him as he was, and form a better judgment as to his character, I have gathered together the threads of my life indissoluble connected with his, -and have turned them inside out. I have never indulged myself with the feminine luxury of a diary, hut with a surer process than of pen over paper has the record of mv strange life been written into my mind : and so tell it just as it all comes hack to me, not as a professed story-teller, with harmonious dates and regular evolution of plot, and neatly paged ehnptcrs, but in n bolder way, leaving much to he guessed at, and some tilings untold. If there he any of whom I have occasion to speak still amongst the living (my life has so con tracted of late that many have passed out of its horizon), let them remember for what purpose 1 write, and for his sake forbear to complain. If the sword were the pen, then would mine In the pen of a ready writer, and I might he able to touch lightly 011 their shortcomings, ntul glide over the black spots on my own life. But enough of excuses. 1 take up my pen a blunt 'Englishman, ati athlete rather than a scholar, to write a plain storv which shall serve not as a eulogy, but as a justification of the man to whom mativ years of my life have been ungrudg ingly given. Let all those who may feel disposed to cavil at the disconnectedness of my loosely jointed story, remember this, and he silent. CHAPTER II. Tin: first clol'l>. Aliocr a mile seaward from Porlock, separated from it by a narrow strip of the most luxuriant ineadowhmd in Devonshire lies the village of Bossington. Perhaps it were better called a hamlet, for at the time when .1 knew anything about it (which, let the tourist remember, is many years ago) it consisted hut of six or seven cottages, a farmhouse, and a half- ruined old manor house, for the privilege of living in which my father paid ten pounds u year, or some trilling sum, to the neighbouring clergyman whose property it was. But what the place lacked in size was certainly atoned for -and more than atoned for -by the beauty of its situation. High above it, like a mighty protecting giant, rose Bossington Jle.ulland, covered always with a soft, springy turf, and glowing in midsummer with the brilliant colouring of rich purple heather and yellow gorse. Often have I stood on its highest point, and with my head bared to the strong fresh breeze, watched the sun rise over the Dartmoor Hills and Dunkerry Beacon, and waited until it shed its lirst warm gleams on the white cottages and queer old church-tower of Porloek, which lay clustered together in picturesque irregularity at the head of the little bay. And almost as often have I gazed upon the saine scene from the same spot by the Less distinct hut more harmonious light of the full harvest moon, und have wondered in which guise it seemed the fairest. Behind Bossington lay Allerconihe Woods, great tree covered hills sloping on one side down to the road which connected and still connects, Porloek with Minehead and the outside world, and on the other descending precipitously to the sea ; sc., precipitously indeed that is seemed always a wonder to ine how thickly growing hut stunted iir trees could preserve their shape and regularity. The descent from Bossington Headland into Porloek was by a steep winding path _ through Aller- conihe Woods, and many a time J have looked through the thin routing of green leaves upon the fields which stretched like a patchwork below down to the sea, and wondered whether any other country in the world (I had never been out of Devonshire then) could he more beautiful tlmn this. Within a stone's throw of where the blue sea of our English Bay of Naples rippled in on to the firm white sands, was the tumble-down old buildings in which we lived. What there had been of walls had long before our time been hidden by climbing plants and ivy, and in summer time the place from a distance .somewhat resembled a gigantic nosegay of cottage roses, jessamine, and other creeping flowers. Thero was but a small garden and 110 ground, for Bossington Headland rose preciptously close to tho hack of the house, and in front there was 110 space for any. A shed served as a stable for one or two Exmoor ponies, and also as a sleeping place for tho lanky, raw-honed Devonshire lad whom wo kept to look after them. They were hut few habitable rooms in our mansion, hut they were suflicent, for Our household was a small one. My father, mother, sister, myself, and a country servants comprised it. We never hnd a visitor, save occasionally the clergyman from Porlock. Wo never went anywhere. We knew no one, and at seventeen years of age an idea which had been developing in me for a long time, took itself tho tangible shape of words. ' Father,' T said to him one evening when we were sitting out upon our little strip of lawn together, lie smoking, I envying him for being able to smoke, 'do you know that T have never been out of Devonshire — never been further than Exeter even, and I am eighteen years old r It was long before he answered me, and when, at last, lie turned round and did so, 1 was distressed to see the look of deep anxiety in his worn, handsome face, and the troubled light in his clear eyes. ' I know it, my boy,' he said, pityingly. 'I have been expecting this. You are weary of the country.' I stood up, with my hands in my pockets, and my hack against the latticed wall of the house, gazing over the spark ling, dancing sea, to where on the horizon, the stars seem to stoop and meet it. Was T tired of this quiet home. I scarcely knew ; country sports and country sights were dear to me, and I had no desire to leave them for ever. I thought of the fat trout in the Oxford streams, and tho huntsman's rallying call from ' t'other side of the Dunkerry,' and she wild birds that needed so much getting at and such quick firing, and of the deep sea fishing, and the shooting up the coombs from Farmer Pulsford's boat, and of delight of stripping on a hot summer's day and diving deep down into the cool bracing water. Why should I wish to leave all this- What should I he likely to find pleasanter in the world of which, as yet, I know nothing. For a moment or two I hesitated — but it was only for a moment or two. The restlessness which had been growing up within me for years was built upon a solid foundation, and would not be silenced. 'No, I'm not tired of the country, father,' I answered, slowly. ' I love it too much ever to lie tired of it. But men don't generally live all their lives in one place, do they, without having any work or anything to do except enjoy them selves ?' ' And what should you like to he,' my father asked, quickly. 1 had long ago made up my mind upon that point, and was not slow to answer — ' I should like to he 11 soldier,' I declared, emphatically. I was very little prepared for the result of my words. A spasm of what seemed to be the most acute pain passed across my father's face, and he covered it for a moment with his hands. When lie with- drew them lie looked like a ghost, deathly pale in the golden moonlight, and when lie spoke his voice trembled with emotion. 'God forbid that you should wish it seriously,' lie said, 'for it is the one thing which you can never he.' ' Oh, Hugh, you do not mean it really, you do not wish to go awav from us.' I turned round, for the voice, a soft and gentle one, was my mother's. She was standing in the open window with a fleecy white shawl around her head, and her eves, the sweetest I ever saw, fixed appealingly upon me. I glanced from one to the other blankly, for my dis appointment was great. Then, like a Hash, a sudden conviction laid hold of me. There was some great and mysterious reason why we had lived so long apart from the world. CHAPTER III. "Tin; hoy must hi; toi.h." That was quite an eventful night in our quiet life. Whilst we three stood looking at one another half fearfully — 1 full of this strange, new idea which had just occurred to me— wc heard the latch of our garden gate lifted, and Mr. Cox, the vicar of Porlock and my instructor in tic classics, followed by no fewer than four large-limbed, broad -shouldered, Porloek men, entered. They made their way up the steep garden path, and my father, in no little surprise, rose to greet them. With Mr. Cox he shook hands and then glanced inquiringly at his followers, who, after touching their hats respectfully, stood in a row looking supremely uncomfortable, and each betraying a strong disposition to retire a little behind the others. Mr. Cox proceeded to explain matters. ' You are pleased to look upon us as a deputation,' he said, pleasantly, waving his hand towards the others, 'of which 1 am the spokesman. We come from the Porlock Working Men's Conservative Club.' My father bowed, and bidding me bring forward a garden seat, requested the deputation to be seated. Then lie called into the house for Jane to bring out some jugs of eider and glasses, and a decided smile appeared 011 the somewhat wooden faces of the deputation. 1 was vastly interested, and not a little curious. When the eider had been brought and distributed, and a raid made upon the tobacco j a r, M r. Cox proceeded with his explanation. ' We have come to ask you a favour, Mr. Arbutlmot,' he said. ' We are going to hold a political meeting in the school room at Porloek next week. A gent Io nian from Minehcud is going to give us 1111 address 011 the laud question which promises to he very interesting, and Mr. Bowles here has kindly promised to say a few words.' The end man 011 tho seat here twirled his hat, and, being nudged by his neigh bour, betrayed his personality by a broad grin. Finally, to relieve his modesty, he buried his face in tho mug of eider which stood by his side. ' The difficulty we ure in is this,' con tinued Mr. Cox ; 'wo want a chairman, i have most unfortunately promised to he in Exter on that day and shall not he able to return in time for the meeting, or else we would not have troubled you. But as I shall not bo available, wo thought that porhaps you might bo induced to accept tho ollico. That is what wo have coino to ask you.' My father shook his head. ' It is vory unkind of you to think of me,' lie said, hesitatingly, ' hut I fear tlwt I must decline your oiler. Politics have lost most of their interest for mo — and — and, in short, I think I would rather not.' ' I hope you will reconsider that,' Mr. Cox said, pleasantly. ' Tt will ho a very slight tax upon you after all. You need onlv say a very few words. Come, think over it again. Wo really aro at our wit's end or wo would not have troubled you.' ' There is M r. Sotliern,' my father pro tested. ' He is in hod ill. An attack of pleurisy I think.' ' Mr. Brown, then i ' ' A rank Radical.' ' Mr. J ephcotc ? ' ' Away.' 'Mr. Hot ton?' ' Gone to London for a week.' ' Mr. Smith, then ? ' 'Will be at Exter cattle fair.' My father was silent for a moment or two. Then he suggested some more names, to each of which there was some objection. ' You do seem to have been unfortunate,' he declared, at livs. 'To tell you the truth, Mr. Cox,' lie added, thoughtfully, ' I scarcely know what to say. I had made up my mind, for certain private reasons, never to have anything to do with public life in any shape or form.' ' This isn't, a very formidable under taking, is it ? ' Mr. Cox urged smiling. 'It isn't. But the principle is the same,' my father answered. ' Howev er, leave it in this way if you like. Give. 1110 until to-morrow evening to think the matter over, and in the meantime see if you can't find some one else. I'm afraid I can't say more than that.' The deputation thought that nothing could he fairer than this, and notliing more satisfactory except an unqualified assent. T think my father imagined that having promised so much they would take their departure. But nothing of the sort happened. Perhaps they found the eider too good, or perhaps they were tired after their day's work and the walk from Porlock. At any rate, there they sat for more than an hour, taking occasional gulps at their cider, and pulling incessantly at their blackened pipes with a stolid vacuous look 011 their honest faces, whilst my father and Mr. Cox talked a little aside in low tone. I fancied that T was the subject of their conversation, hut though I strained my ears in the attempt to catch some part of it, T was unsuccess ful. Once or twice the sound of my name reached me, but directly I leaned forward t ! icy dropped their voices, so that I could not hear 110 more. I have always believed, however, that my father was asking advice from Mr. Cox con cerning me, and that Mr. Cox was urging him to send me to the University. But. I never knew for - ertain, for events were soon to occur which swept out of my mind all minor curiosity. (to iik continued.) 