Another ? Comforter. SERMON FOR WHITSUNDAY. By the Rev. P. B. Meyer, M.A., Christ Church, "Westminster. . And I -will pray the Father, and Ile shall give you another Comforter.-John 14, 16. "Another Comforter," or Paraclete the Mainer said. The Church has two advocates, the one with the Father in heaven; the other in her midst, "fer we have been huildéd together as an habitation of God through the Spirit." "Ye," saidnhe Apostle, speaking of the Church collectively, "are the temple bf the Holy Ghost." When the one advocate 1 wont up, the ofher came down to be to each be liever, and to the whole Church, all that the Lord Jesus would have been had the ministry of the 40 days been indefinitely prolonged. THIS IS THE SECRET OF PRAYER. By the Spirit in the heart, we are brought into living sympathy with the Saviour on the throne, and we naturally aslc for those things which it -is the will of God to give. Of course, as the Church is made up of indi vidual believers, the immanence of the Divine Sphit in the whole depends on His immanence in each. And His indwelling in any individual spirit is necessarily productive of all manner of Christ-forming, sin-destroying, grace-producing results. Holiness is the inevitable outcome qi the indwelling of the Holy Ghost when He is permitted entire and undisputed supremacy. Of these our space forbidB more than this mere men tion, as we wish only to enumerate the special functions of the Spirit of God in respect of the Church's mission in the world. THE ANOINTING FUNCTION. Here, too, there is a remarkable parallel between the experiences of Christ and of His Church. Not only was He conceived of the Holy Ghost, but when the long preparatory period had passed, He was anointed for His work as the great Servant of God. He stooped to associate Himself with sinners by submitting to baptism In the waters of Jordan, and immediately the Spirit of God, who had been in Him, descended upon Him, and He was able to say, "The Spirit of the Lord is upon Me, because He hath anointed Me to preach." . This was our Saviour's Pentecost, the hour in which He was endued with power, and was filled hy the Spirit, not by measure, but in illimitable abundance. Similarly, when the Church was essaying to undertake her great mission to the world, to preach the Gospel to the poor, to proclaim liberty to the captive, the opening of the prison to the bound, she, too, was anointed for her work. Not a step might she Btir, though the world was knocking at her doors, till she had been thus en dued with power from on high. Ever since then, the Risen Christ has been ANOINTING AND ENDUING MEN. Tho oil which has been so copiously poured on the head of our Aaron descends to each fragment of His sacred dress that claims the sacred chrism. The Lord received the Holy Ghost as an individual at the Jordan, but He received Him again, so Peter tells us, when He ascended up on high, and this time as our Head and Representative (Acts ii. 33). Ho bas been infilled that He may innl; anointed that He may anoint; endued that He may endue. Though in all this it must be remembered that we are not now touching on His Divine Nature, but on His office as the High Priest of His Church. As a river pouring over a mountain-side fills the large tarns and lakes below, so the nature of God pours into the Divine human nature of the Son, and so by the Spirit into all hearts that by faith claim His infilling. HIS ADMINISTERING FUNCTION. Throughout the Book of the Acts, we And that thc Holy Ghost is the prime mover and adminis trator. He said to Peter, "Three men seek for thee, go with them, I have sent them"; He said, "Separate me Barnabas and Saul"; He controlled the movements of the Apostle, "the Spirit of Jesus suffered them not"; He was so evidently present in the Church, that the first official do cument ran thus: "It seems good to the Holy Ghost, and to us." He struck down those that . lied against His Divine Majesty. These are in stances out of many. Indeed, there is not a chapter in the Acts which does not contain some reference to tho administrative function of the Holy Ghost. And what was true of ibo early Church has been true in the history of the universal Church in every age, and might be true of each separate one. My beloved friend, the late Dr. Gordon, to long talks with whom on this subject I owe so much, once told me that in his earlier ministry he was more anxious to administer and guide his church than in later years. He found that , ho was attempting work which the Holy Spirit could do better. It was enough, therefore, to preach perpetually on the work of the Holy Spirit, to keep his people's minds directed toward« it, and to believe that the Spirit Himself would energise through the church to the perfect realising of all its possibilities. THE CO-OPERATING FUNCTION. A scientific lecturer often employs the services of a demonstrator, who, by the experiments he performs, or tho figures he chalks on the black board, presents to the eye what the speaker is presenting to the ear. This co- operation is like the double Jens of the binocular glass, and the impression of the conjoint witness is proportion ately great. So, ever since the day of Pentecost, whon a servant of Christ has stood up in the right condition of soul, and in believing fellowship with tho Divine Spirit, he has been a fellow-wit ness to the Gospel. "We are witnesses of these things, and so ÍB also the Holy Ghost." Whilst the servant of God is elaborating and enforcing the. truth disclosed to him through the Bible, at the moment that he ls speaking the Spult of God ia at work, convicting of , sin; righteousness, and judgment; demonstrating the truth/of what is advanced, aird driving the arrowï home in the joints of the harness. It is a mis-; take, therefore, to argue for the Gospel; it ls better fur to bear witness to it. This is our'fune- "i tion. "Ye shall be witnesses unto Me." .But 1t iii highly important that we present Christ in His Cospel. Tho Spirit is not bound to add His teetfí' mony to aught else. Not to bursts of eloquence! nor to reams of essays on the last strike, nor td philosophy and science, but to the truth aa it if» in Jesus, is the Spirit responsive. If once a man learns to rely on this, it makes*' him wonderfully calm and still." His fury arid? I passion will not effect his purpose, but if he ., really knows "the communion," or partnership. ' "of the Holy Spirit," that will answer all. . .. } . HIS UPBUILDING FUNCTION. ?.'-'??? »» ?%&!.: Between the fi ret and second Advente God ia form* .i&Üii lng a new humanity. Tho Head waa constituted!' .? }':' to in the Incarnation, but especially In the death andi -resurrection of the Second Adam/ : The body .'it< ??'^¿j&. boing added, soul by «oui. It is worth, our- v?hi)ei -SkvÉ¡ to give full meaning to the phrase, "Believers werëj the more added to th© Lord" (Acts v., 14). They] were, of conree, added to the Church, but belora . that they had been added to the" Lord. They ..werej -iffi! added to the Church because they had been added tn - ''.'^i the Lord. " ' ; \ .§&£!?,, This Is a special function of the Holy Spirit attract and draw men to the Head. He does 'th's through the Church. Thus the Body of Christ In*-'-'""'. being built up. Ir. the purpose of God we may say,;'; as David did ot his natural body» "In Thy' booh.'all; my mein bore were written, which in continuance/ were faisihkued." That is the point; the membera of the Lord's mystical body' are being fashioned inj. continuance; and aa each new fragment is added, iti\ . ,4 becomes the vehicle or channel through which the; energy- of the Holy Ghost passes to. incorporate still more. , .'fi?; HIS REVEALING FUNCTION. 'ï-&%. The one aim of the Biassed Spirit ie to glorify, ;=* ':'. ? th« Saviour, as (tte aim of" the Saviour was tot glorify the Father. The very expressions that wera' applicable in thia oonnoctkra to tho Lord aro equally, so to the Spirit Compare, for instance, theed twa,..';' remarkable ei:tences: "I have not spoken from. My-: salf,"' and "He shall not spaak from Himself." If we may so speak, the Holy Spirit shrinks from! drawing attention to Hlmiself. He is gladdest when all the light that He can focus shines full aol the face of Jeens, end men are taken up_with Him. All that detracts from tho pre-emlnence""d Christi in the heart-life and thought-life of His people i« ,:. an immensB grief to Him whose mission is to glorify;-¡ Him by taking of the things that are His, and re- ? ; : veal'ng them to those who love. Tfce life which) is most pervaded by the Spirit of Jesus will have; moat of the beauty of Hia character reflected in it. .. And the spirit which is really Spirit-filled, will taUo ' .s more of the Lord Jesus than of the Gracious A»e»V whose joy is to reveal Him, and to be himself un.- . , seen. -.II -' OUR INDIVIDUAL PARACLBTISM, through thms priceless functions, will be in propor tion as we l'arn the meaning of St. Paul's wordeyr,;. . "That we might receive the promise of the SpJrit$>r by faith" (Galatians iii., 14). Not by long vigils,^ y. nor by prolonged fasting» and prayers; nov with) a storm of emotion, and the witness of sense; but calmly, quietly, end through faith we may receive all God intends in any of these directions-not onço - or twice, but repeatedly; not spasmodically, but con-* . tinuously; not omotirnally, but by tñe adjusted at- ,.:.,/ , titude of the consecrated will. ; 