OMDURMAN. THE battle of Om- durman is by this time old news. The cables con- cerning it were full, and subse- quently to those there were mail details telegraph- ed to the "Even- ing News" at great length from Albany and Auckland; there have also been mail accounts. But these antici- patory dispatch- es do not detract from the follow- ing graphic nar- rative written by Mr. G. W. Steev- ens, the well- known correspon- dent of the London "Daily Mail," after he had re- turned to England, and was clear alike of the mili- tary censorship and telegraphic limitations. Here is the narrative: Our camp for the night of September 1 was in the village of Agaiga, a mile south of Kerreri Hill. On our left front was another hill, higher, but single-peaked and rounder— Gebel Suxgham. In front the ground was open for five miles or so — sand and grass broken by only a few folds — with a group of hills beyond The force had formed up to good position in the afternoon, when the Dervishes followed the cav- alry home, and had remained under arms all night ; at half-past 5 in the morning, when the first how- itzer shell from opposite Omdurman opened the day's work, every man was in his place. The line formed an obtuse angle; the order of brigades and battalions, counting from the left, was the follow- ing: Second British (Rifle Brigade, Lancashire Fu- siliers, Northumberland Fusiliers. Grenadier Guards); First British (Warwicks, Seaforths, Cam- erons, Lincolns); Second Egyptian (14th, 12th, 13th Sudanese, and 8th Egyptian in support). Here came the point of the angle; to the right of it were: First Egyptian Brigade (11th, 10th; 9th Sudanese, 2nd Egyptian supporting); Third Egyptian (4th, 15th, and 3rd and 7th Egyptian, in column on the right flank). The Fourth Egyptian Brigade (1st, 6th, 17th, and 18th Egyptian) was in reserve, in the village. All the Egyptian battalions in the front were to their usual formation, with four com- panies in line and two in support. The British had six in line and two in support. On the extreme left was the 32nd Field Battery; the Maxims and Egyptian field- guns were mount- ed at intervals in the infantry line. The cavalry had gone out at the first streak of grey, British on the left, as usual, Egyptian with camel corps and horse battery from the right moving across our front. The gunboats lay with steam up off the village. Light stole quietly into the sky behind us; there was no sound from the plain or the hills before us, there was hardly a sound from our own line. Everybody was very silent, but very curious, Would they be so mad as to come out and run their heads into our fire? It seemed beyond hoping for; yet certainly they had been full of war the day before. But most of us were expecting instantly ; the order to advance on Omdurman. A trooper rose out of the dimness from behind the shoulder of Gebel Surgham, grew larger and plainer, spurred violently up to the line and in- side. A couple more were silhouetted across our front. Then the electric whisper came racing down the line; they were coming. The Lancers came in on the left; the Egyptian mounted troops drew like a curtain across us from left to right. As they passed a flicker of white flags began to extend, and fill the front in their place. The noise of something began to creep in upon us; it cleared and divided into the tap of drums and the faraway surf of raucous war-cries. A shiver of expectancy thrilled along our army, and then a sigh of content. They were coming on. Allah help them; they were coming on. It was now half-past six. The flags seemed still very distant, the roar very feint, and the thud of our first gun was almost startling. It may have startled them too, but it startled them into life. The line of flags swung forward, and a mass of white, flying linen swung forward with it too. They came very fast, and they came very straight; and then presently they came no further. With a crash the bullets leaped out of the British rifles. It began with the Guards and Warwicks — section volleys at 2000 yards; then as the Dervishes edged rightward it ran along to the Highlanders, the Lin- colns, and to Maxwell's Brigade. The British stood up in double rank behind their zareba; the blacks lay flown in their shelter-trench; both pour- ed out death as fast as they could load and press trigger. Shrapnel whistled and Maxims growled savagely. From all the line came perpetual fire, fire, fire, and shrieked forth in great gusts of de- struction. And the enemy? No white trooper would have faced that torrent of death for five minutes, but the Baggara and the blacks came on. The torrent swept into them and hurled them down in whole companies. You saw a rigid line gather itself up and rush on evenly; then before a shrapnel shell or a Maxim the line suddenly quivered and stop- ped. The line was yet unbroken, but it was quite still. But other lines gathered up again, again and yet again ; they went down, and yet others rush- ed on. Sometimes they came near enough to see single figures quite plainly. One old man with a white flag started with five comrades ; all dropped, but he alone came bounding forward to within 200 yards of the 14th Sudanese. Then he folded his arms across his face and his limbs loosened and he dropped sprawling to earth beside his flag. It was the last day of Mahdism, and the greatest. They could never get near, and they refused to hold back. By now the ground before us was all white with dead men's drapery. Rifles grew red-hot; the soldiers seized them by the slings and dragged them back to the reserve to change for cool ones. It was not a battle, but an execution. In the middle of it all you were surprised to find that we were losing men. The crash of our own fire was so prodigious that could not hear their bullets whistle; yet they came and swooped down and found victims. The Dervishes were firing at their extreme range, and their bullets were many of them almost spent: but as they always fire high they often hit. So that while you might have thought you were at a shoot of rabbits, you sud- denly heard the sharp cry, ''Bearer party there, quick!" and a man was being borne rearward. Few went down, but there was a steady trickle to hospital. Bullets may have been spent, and Cap- tain Caldecott, of the Warwicks, was one of the strongest men in the army; but that helped him nothing when the dropping ball took him in the temple and came out through the jugular. He lay an hour unconscious, then opened his eyes with, "For God's sake, give me water!" and died as he drank. Most of all the two Highland battalions dropped men. The zareba behind which they were unwisely posted obliged them to stand, besides hampering them both in fire and when it came to movement; a little clump of enemy gathered in a hole in front of them, and by the time guns came up to shell them out the Camerons had lost some twenty-five, and the Seaforths above a dozen. But loss on this scale was not to be considered beside the awful slaughter of the Dervishes. If they still came on our men needed only time and ammunition and strength to point a rifle to kill them off to the very last man. Only by now — small wonder— they were not coming on. They were not driven back; they were all killed in com- ing on. One section of fire after another hushed, and at 8 o'clock the village and the plain were still again. The last shell had burst over the last visible group of Dervishes ; now there was no- thing but the unbending grimly-expectant line before Agaiga and the still carpet of white in front. We waited half an hour or so, and then the sud- den bugle called us to our feet. ''Advance," it cried "to Omdurman !" added we. Slowly the force broke up, and expanded. The evident in- tention was to march in brigades in echelon — the Second British leading along the river, the First British on their right rear, then Max- well's, Lewis's, and Macdonald's, with Collinson's still supporting. Lewis and Macdonald had changed places, the lat- ter being now outermost and rearmost; at the time few noticed that. The moment the Dervish attack had died down the 21st Lancers had slipped out, and pushed straight for the Khalifa's capi- tal. Movement was slow, since the leading brigades had to wait till the others had gone far enough inland to take their positions. We passed over a corner of the field of fire, and saw for certain what awful slaughter we had done. The bodies were not in heaps ; bodies hardly ever are ; but they spread evenly over acres and acres. And it was very remarkable, if you remembered the At- bara, that you hardly saw a black ; nearly all the dead had the high forehead and taper cheeks of the Arab. the Baggara had been met at last, and he was worth meeting. Some lay very com- posedly, with their slippers placed under theirr heads for a last pillow; some knelt, cut short in the middle of a last prayer. Others were torn to pieces, vermilion blood already drying on brown skin, killed instantly beyond doubt. Others, again, seemingly as dead as these, sprang up as we approached, and rushed savagely, hurling spears at the nearest enemy. They were bay- oneted or shot. Once again the plain seemed empty, but for the advancing masses and the car- pet of reddened white and broken bodies under- foot. It was now twenty minutes to 10. The British had crested a low ridge between Gebel Surgham and the Nile; Maxwell's brigade was just ascend- ing it, Lewis's just coming up under the hill. Men who could go where they liked were up with the British, staring hungrily at Omdurman. Sud- denly from rearward broke out a heavy crackle of fire. We thought perhaps a dozen men or so had been shamming dead;: we went on staring at Omdurman. But next instant we had to turn and galloped hot-heeled back again. For the crackle became a crashing, and the crashing waxed to a roar. Dervishes were firing at us from the top of Gebel Surgham, Dervishes were firing behind and to the right of it. The 13th Soudanese were bounding up the hill, Lewis's bri- gade had hastily faced to its right westward, and was volleying for life; Macdonald's beyond, still facing northward, was a sheet of flashes and a roll of smoke. What was it? Had they come to life again? No time to ask; reinforcements or ghosts, they were on us, and the battle was begun all again. To understand, you must hear now what we only heard afterwards. The Dervish army, it ap- peared, had not returned to Omdurman on the night of the 1st, but had bivouacked — 40,000 to 50,000 of them — behind Gebel Surgham, south- westward from Agaiga. The Khalifa had doubt- less expected a sudden attack at daybreak, as at Firket, at Abu Hamed, on the Atbara; as we marched by night to our positions before Omdur- man he must have designed to spring upon our right flank. When day broke and no enemy ap- peared he divided his army into three corps. The first under Osman Azrak attacked the village; the second, with the green banner of Ali Wad Helu— with him Abdullahi'e eldest son, the Sheik- ed- Din — moved towards Kerrari Heights to en- velop our right; the third, under Ahdullahi him- self and his brother Yakub, remained behind Sur- gham ready, as need might be, to envelop our left, or to act as reserve and bar our road to Omdur- man. What befel the first, you know; Osman Azrak died with them. The second spread out towards our right, and there it fell in with the Egyptian cavalry, horse-battery, and camel corps. When Broadwood Bey fell back before the attack, he sent word of its coming to the Sirdar, and receiv- ed orders to remain outside the trench and keep the enemy in front instead of letting them get round the right. Accordingly he occupied the Heights of Kerreri. But the moment he got to the top he found himself in face of Wad Helu's unsuspected army-corps — 12,000 to 16,000 men against less than 2000 — and the moment he saw them they began swarming up the hill. There was just a moment for decision, but one moment is all that a born cavalry general needs. The next his galloper was flying with the news to the Sirdar, and the mounted troops were retreating northward. The choice lay between isolation, annihilation, or retreat on Agaiga and envelop- ment of the right. Broadwood chose the first, but even for that the time was short enough. The camels floundered on the rocky hillside; the guns dragged; the whole mass of Dervishes pursued them with a pelting fire. Two guns lost all their horses and were abandoned; the camel corps alone had over sixty men hit. As for the cav- alry, they went back very hard pressed covering their comrade's retreat and their own by carbine fire. If the Egyptian army but gave Victoria Crosses, there were many earned that day. Man after man rode back to bring in dismounted offi- cers, and would hardly be dissuaded from their endeavor when it was seen the rescued were plainly dead. It was the great day of trial — the day the pick of our cavalry officers have worked for through a weary decade and more — and the Fayum fellah fought like a hero and died like a man. One or two short of forty killed and wound- ed was the day's loss; but they came off hand- somely. The army of the green flag was now on Kerreri Heights, between them and the camp; but with Broadwood's force unbroken behind it, it paused from the meditated attack on the Egyp- tian right; in the pause three of the four gunboats caught it, and pepper-castored it over with shell and Maxim fire. It withdrew from the river to- wards the centre again; the instant a way was cleared the outpaced camel corps was passed back to Agaiga. The cavalry hung upon the green flag's left, till they withdrew clean southward and inland; then it moved placidly back to the infantry again. Thus much for the right; on the left the Brit- ish cavalry were in i?? stress of an engagement, less perfectly c??d, even more hardily fought out. They left the zariba, as you heard, jthe moment taemtSplfwurned out, and pricked eagerly off to Omdurman. Verging somewhat westward, to the rear of Gebel Surgham, they came on some 300 Dervishes. Their scouts had been over the ground a thousand yards ahead of them, and it was clear for a charge. Only to cut them off it was thought better to get a little west of them, then left wheel, and thus gallop down on them and drive them away from their supports. The trumpet sang out the order, the troops glided into line, and, four squadrons in column, the 21st Lancers swung into their first charge. Knee to knee, they swept on till they were but 200 yards from the enemy. Then suddenly — then in a flash— they saw the trap. Between them and the 300 there yawned suddenly a deep ravine; out of the ravine there sprang instantly a cloud of dark heads and a brandished lightning of swords, and a thunder of savage voices. Mah- mud smiled when he heard the tale in prison at Haifa, and said it was their favorite stratagem. It had succeeded. Three thousand, it there was one, to a short 600; but it was too late to check now. Must go through with it now! The blunders of British cavalry are the fertile seed of British glory. Knee to knee the lancers whirled on. One hunderd yards— fifty— knee to knee — Slap ! "It was just like that," said a captain, bringing his fist hard into his open palm. Through the swordsmen they shore without checking— and then came the khor. The colonel at their head, riding straight through everything without sword or revolver drawn, found his horse on its head, and the swords swooping about his own. He got the charger up again, and rode on straight, un- armed, through everything. The squadrons fol- lowed him down the fall. Horses plunged, blun- dered, recovered, fell; Dervishes on the ground lay for the hamstringing cut; officers pistolled them in passing over, as one drops a stone into a bucket; troopers thrust till lances broke, then cut;, everybody went on straight, through every- thing. And through everything clean out the other side they came — those that kept up or got up in time. The others were on the ground — in pieces by now, for the cruel swords shore through shoul- der and thigh, and carved the dead.into fillets. Twenty-four of these, and of those that came out seventy-four had felt sword or bullet or spear. Few horses stayed behind among the swords, but nearly 130 were wounded. Lieutenant Robert Grenfell's troop came on a place with a jump out as well as a jump in; it lost officer, centre guide, and both flank guide, ten killed, and eleven wounded. Yet, when they burst straggling out their only thought was to rally and go in again. "Rally, No. 21" yelled a sergeant, so mangled across the face that his body was a cascade of blood, and nose and cheeks flapped hideously as he yelled. "Fall out, sergeant, you're wounded," said the subaltern of his troop. "No, no, sir; fall in!" came the hoarse answer; and the man reeled in his saddle. "Fall in, No. 2; fall in. Where are the devils? Show me the devils !" — And No. 2 fell in— four whole men out of thirty. They chafed and stamped and blasphemed to go through them again, though the colonel wisely forbade them to face the pit anew. There were gnashings of teeth and howls of speechless rage— things half theatrical, half brutal to tell of when blood has cooled, yet things to rejoice over, in that they show fhe fighting devil has not, after all, been civilised out of Britons, Also, there were many and many deeds of self-abandoning heroism; of which tale the half will never be told. Take only one. Lieutenant de Montmorency missed his troop-sergeant, and rode back among the slashes to look for him. There he found the hacked body of Lieutenant Grenfell. He dis- mounted, and put it up on his horse, not seeing, in his heat, that life had drained out long since by a dozen channels. The horse bolted under the slackened muscles, and de Montmorency was left alone with his revolver and 3000 screaming fiends. Captain Kenna and Corporal Swarbrick rode out, caught his horse, and brought it back ; the three answered the fire of the 3000 at fifty yards, and get quietly back to their own line un- touched. Forbearing a second charge the Lancers dis- mounted and opened fire; the carbines at short range took an opulent vengeance for the lost. Back, back, back they drove them, till they came into the fire of the 32nd Battery, Then shrapnel flew shrieking over them; the 3000 fell all ways, and died. All this from hearsay; now go back to what we saw. When the Sirdar moved his brigades south- ward he knew what he was doing, He was giv- ing his right to an unbeaten enemy ; with his usual daring he made it so. His game now was to get between the Dervishes and Omdurman. Perhaps he did not guess what a bellyful of beat- ing the unbeaten enemy would take ; but he trust- ed to his generals and his star, and, as always, they bore him to victory. The blacks of the 18th Battalion were storming Gebel Surgham. Lewis and Macdonald, facing west and south, had stormed a right angle. They were receiving the fire of the Khalifa's division, and the charge of the Khalifa's horsemem ; be- hind these the Khalifa's huge black standard was flapping raven-like, The Baggara horsemen were few and ill-mounted — perhaps 200 altogether — but they they rode to get home or die. They died. There was a time when one galloping Baggara would have chased a thousand Egyptians ; but that time is very long past. The fellaheen stood like a wall, and aimed steadily, at the word, the chargers swerved, towards Macdonald. The blacks, as cool as any Scotchmen, stood and aimed likewise; the last Baggara fell at the muzzles of the rifles. Our fire went on, steady, remorse- less. The Remington bullets piped more and more rarely overhead, and the black heads thin- ned out in front. A second time. the attack gut- tered and flickered out. It was just past 10: once more to Omdurman! Two minutes' silence. Then once more the howl- ing storm rushed down upon us; once more clash- ed forth the answering tempest. This time it burst upon Macdonald alone — from the north-westward upon his right flank, spreading and gathering to his right rear. For all their sudden swiftness of movement the Dervishes throughout this day never lost their formation; their lines drove on as rigidly as ours, regiment alongside regiment in lines at six and eight and a dozen ranks till you might have fancied the Macedonian phalanx was alive again. Left and front and right and rear the masses ate up the desert— 12,000 unbroken fast and fearless warriors leaping round 3000. Now began the fiercest fight of that fierce day. The Khalifa brought up his own black banner again; his staunchest die-hards drove it into the earth and locked their ranks about it. The green flag danced encouragement to the Allah-intoxi- cated battalions of Wad Helu and the Sheikh-ed- Din. It was victory or paradise now. For us it was victory or shredded flesh and bones, unburied, crackling under the red slippers of Baggara victors. It was the very crux and crisis of the fight. If Macdouald went, Lewis on his left and Collinson and the supporting camel corps and the newly returned cavalry, all on his right or rear, must all go too. The second Bri- tish and Second Egyptian Brigades were far off by now. advancing by the left of Surgham hill ; if they had to be recalled the Khalifa could walk back into his stronghold and then all our fighting was to begin anew. But Hunter Pasha was there and Mardonald Bey was there, born fighting men both, whom no danger can flurry and no sudden shift in the kaleidoscope of battle disconcert. Hunter sent for Wauchope's First British Bri- gade to fill the gap between Mac- donald and Lewis. The order went to General Gatacre first instead of to the Sirdar ; with the soldier's instinct he set the brigade moving on the instant. The khaki columns faced round and edged rightward, rightward till the fighting line was backed with 3000 Lee-Metfords, which no man on earth could face and live. Later the Lincolns were moved further still on to Mac- donald's right. They dispute with the Warwicks the title of the best shooting regiment in the Bri- tish Army; the men they shoot at will dispute no claim of the Lincolns forever. But the cockpit of the fight was Micdonald's. The British might avenge his brigade; it was his to keep it and to kill off the attack. To meet it he turned his front through a complete half-circle, facing successive- ly south, west, and north. Every tactician in the army was delirious in his praise; the ignor- ant correspondent was content to watch the man and his blacks. "Cool as on parade" is an old phrase; Macdonald Bey was very much cooler. Beneath his strong, square-hewn face you could tell that the brain was working, as if packed in ice. He sat solid on his horse, and bent his black brows towards the green flag and the Rem- ingtons. Then he turned to a galloper with an order, and cantered easily up to a battalion com- mander. Magically the rifles hushed, the sting- ing powder smoke wisped away, and the bat- talions were rapidly threading back and forward, round and round, in and out, as if it were a figure of a dance. In two minutes the brigade was to- gether again in a new place. The field in front was hastening towards us in a whitey-brown cloud ot Dervishes. An order. Macdonald's jaws gripped and hardened as the flame spurted out again, and the whitey-brown cloud quivered and stood still. He saw everything: knew what to do; knew how to do it; did it. At the fire he was ever brooding watchfully behind his firing line; at the cease fire he was instantly in front of it; all saw him, and knew that they were being nursed to triumph. His blacks of the 9th, 10th, and 22th, the his- toric fighting regiments of the Egyptian army, were worthy of their chief. The 2nd Egyptian, brigaded with them and fighting in the line, were worthy of their comrades, and of their own repu- tation as the best disciplined battalion in the world. A few had feared that the blacks would be too forward, the yellows too backward; except that the blacks, as always, looked happier, there was no difference at all between them. The Egyptians sprang to the advance at the bugle; the Soudanese ceased fire in an instant silence at the bugle. They were losing men too, for, though eyes were clamped on the Dervish charges, the Dervish fire was brisk. Man after man dropped out behind the firing line. Here was a white officer with a red-lathered charger; there a black stretched straight bare-headed in the sun, dry-lipped, uncomplaining, a bullet through his liver; two yards away a dead driver by a dead battery mule, his whip still glued in hand. The table of loss had topped 100 — 160 — neared 200. Still they stood, fired, advanced, fired, changed front, fired — firing, firing always, deaf in the din, blind in the smarting smoke, hot, dry, bleeding, bloodthirsty, enduring the devilish fight to the end. And the Dervishes? The honor of the fight must still go with the men who died. Our men were perfect, but the Dervishes were superb — be- yond perfection. It was their largest, best, and bravest army that ever fought against us for Mahdism, and it died worthily of the huge em- pire that Mahdism won and kept so long. Their riflemen, mangled by every kind of death and tor- ment that man can devise, clung round the black flag and the green, emptying their poor, rotten, home-made cartridges dauntlessly. Their spear- men charged death at every minute hopelessly. Their horsemen led each attack, riding into the bullets till nothing was left but three horses trot- ting up to our line, heads down, saying, "For goodness' sake, let us in out of this." Not one rush, or two, or ten — but rush on rush, company on company, never stopping, though all their view that was not unshaken enemy was the bo- dies of the men who had rushed before them. A dusky line got up and stormed forward; it bent, broke up, fell apart, and disappeared. Before the smoke had cleared another line was bending and storming forward in the same track. It was over. The avenging squadrons of the Egyptian cavalry swept over the field. The Khalifa and the Sheikh-ed-Din had galloped back to Omdurman. Ali Wad Helu was borne away on an angareb with a bullet through bis thigh- bone. Yakub lay dead under his brother's ban- ner. From the green army there now came only death-enamored desperadoes, strolling one by one towards the rifles, pausing to shake a spear, turning aside to recognise a corpse, then caught by a sudden jet of fury, bounding forward, checking, sinking limply to the ground. Now under the black flag in a ring of bodies stood only three men facing the three thousand of the 3rd Brigade, they folded their arms about the staff and gazed steadily forward. Two fell. The last Dervish stood up and filled his chest ; he shouted the name of his god and hurled his spear. Then he stood quite still, waiting. It took him full; be quivered, gave at the knees, and toppled with his bead on his arms and his face towards the legions of his conquerors. Oambnd: ^rWelli Jthahk ^eav«&7 you've* never iseemne run alter people -who have money ' Des mond: 'No; but I've seen people run after you be cause you didn't have mbney.»--.-''L.ife.*' , The list of unsuccessful attempts iat assassina tion made during recent years on Royalties is not a small t-ne. ©ur own Queen was attacked on March 2, 1882; May IS, 1849; July Z, 1842- May 30, 1842; and June 10, 1840. William L of Ger many had three attempts made upon bis Afe; Na poleon m., three also; Napoleon I...o-e- T^nte Philippe, six; Isabella U. of Spain, ihree; Hum bert I* of Italy, two; George iv., when fteguat one; George HL,. two; st-ands Joseph ^j Aas trla, one; AmadeuB trf Spain, one; Alfonso Sat. of Spain, two; Alexander HL of Russia, many. Accofd^to; the latest statistics, it is in iPraaee 'where the fewest marriages are contracted anfl the greatest number of divorces are pronounced For 1000. marriageable persons of both sexes, there are Ja France 45 marriages; ia Ha£a&d;, 49- ih Italy, 60; in Austria, £1; in England ?aaa Denmark, 62; andJa Germany, £3. On the ofberlmnfl, the number ot divorces fcreneuneea in Swuace is 3n1 ereaeifcg with «rtraorainary rapidity. &. i&giB; toe ..courts released from their marri&fee; -vowb 2925 -couples. In i«96 no fewer than 3T&51 TSivotCes were pronounced, and according to the results,, which are fetill incompletely known, tor 1897, ft ie stated tbatcgie number ot tiivorges last ^eat will be shown to bave exceeded' W&. Unflef these circumstances, it is not asteni&biBg; ihat She number of births la Stance should be inferior 'to those of'atiy other ttsuntry. On sh .fevetosge, da Ffaⅇ, there are 1«3 births per 1000 martieu wi-- fiien from twenty*six to fifty years & age, where as there are 270 la Gfermaby, 269 la ScotMtbd, 261 In Belgium, 261 16 Italy* 260 in -finglafea 4na A^ tlts, Mb ia SwedeTi fena If elafift, &6A 886 Vo. Sw\te= erlesd. Th* feveftge satiAallty in Frant*, hfo*r ts?m ii lewef CB&a; m *ay ethif co&nlry.; ft ir &ut; flown at S&Vt; V» l&to.; wbfetttB tt H SB pe* Mb lft H«Ss«, E8 In tt&r;, k little bvBr St% ia «w««*i, *«* ««?? ©& «8 la -3*ftiitey, ' ? 