CHAPTER III. TIIE MAN WITH A REMARKABLE COUGH. OW-, Fin me, we are going to my little homo. If you were a young woman in stead of a great awkward boy, you could go to my room and seo all my art ist work.” “Great big, and awkward?” said tho slender youth, “ I thoughts! was not Miss Lainont laugh ed heartily ns Pinnie cast his eyes down upon his loose sleeves, and undertook to “modulate” his walk to the graceful movement of his companion. But her laugh -was hushed to silence as she realized that tho boy had never yet had oc ■casion to penetrate the depths of a joko. “We will take a cab,” said neien. “If it is not too far, Miss Helen, I would like to walk.” ; “Oh yes, it is but a mile or two.” “I am sure it would not bo much to walk that,” mused tho youth, looking at the thou sand objects around him with an unconscious interest. • The young girl smiled, and her eyes beam ed as they rested upon the strange boy. She had never seen a person so simple-minded and innocent of the world. She thought to ' rouse him to something like gaiety by her merry manner and sprightly conversation. It was a failure. His sober eyes sought hers in silence, without question. His effort to conform his actions to her own was a trifle painful, but in the matter of merriment he 'made no attempts. He had seen it in others —-the faculty may have been omitted in his nature. In this walk Pinnie told his story, little recking that its single chapter was to prove of profound and tragic interest to Helen iXamont. All that he could tell was that hia [parents hod been lost at sea while ho was an infant, and that he was saved by being picked from tho deck and tossed into a boat Into the midst of sailors. He had heard that &q; was a.year old at the time. Where hia [infant life had been passed he never iknew. His ‘earliest recollection was of a "huge stone building, and of being taken through the streets therefrom by Leon. He had been told many times by when angry, that he bad taktfi brat." Even his name was unknown to him. No one had ever told him why ho was called Finnio—he had no other name—unless it wore Spanero; and Spanero had knocked him down once for using that title on an occasion 1 where a second name seemed desirable. “And have you never worked anyw’hero else?” asked the girl, who had listened to the story with great interest. “No, because Spanero always told me about it. Sometimes bo speaks to mo kind “Told you about what?” asked the young woman. “About how ‘cubs’ were worked to death as soon as possible to make. way for new “And you believed this?” said Helen, looking into his face in profound wonder. “He knocked me down if he thought I did not believe what he told me.” “And have you nover talked with the other painters during all these years?” asked the astonished girl. “I heard one of the men say once that Spanero told him that I was a little daft once and had never recovered. I asked Spanero what he meant by ‘daft’ afterward, and he flew at mo with his knife. So I never asked Helen looked at tho boy for a moment and for an instant it occurred to her that possibly he was not of strong mind. But of all tho toilers at the school, she had found this boy the most intelligent within a limited range, and she determined to know more of* him. Then Finnic recalled her to the topic, “Is it not true?” “‘What, Pinnie?” <?That men kill boys by working them to death if they Have no parents?” “No,” said the girl, indignantly. “Finnic, did you really never have any one to love you?” ' I “To what?” he asked with a curious look ; on his face. j | “To love you—like you?” | “Ob, yes," he said sadly, “I think your ’ I pictures love mo. I stay bj' them after yo,u go at night. ” The girl turned upon him in the street, and a pallor spread over her face—followed by deep crimson flushes, even to her snowy neck. What did this childish talk mean— what iniquity had there been hero that this mystery of life should .appear in tho very heart of a city? “Finnic!” “Yes, Miss Lamont.” But she did not continue. Was it possible, after all, that tho boy was of unsound mind? ' She changed tho subject. i And so they -walked and talked until they ; reached the outskirts of the city. j “Piimio,” she said, “I am doing all tho talk- | ing—do you never chat?” j “No, I think not.” j “But I know there is a deep thought In you : somewhere?” * He turned his eyes away, and slowly whis pered, “Thero may havo been, once, but I have lost it.” ^ ‘ « for all these years, and we will find it.” “Miss Lamont,” tho boy replied with a heavy heart, “I sometimes think so. Rather tho feeling is pro sent when I do not think.” Helen had seen a like expression on his face —once when ho looked upon a painting, of ! himself, which she had quickly put on canvas j for amusement. The intellectuality had been I painfully magnified, but from that picture : Finnio bad caught an inspiration. : She said nothing to him. Ho dropped the j hand that he had taken and continued, : I speaking slowly and carefully: “There arc times when tho dream life you ! have spoken of goes away—and a big door opens wide, and I see that I have lived in prison—and when I want to go out I—I— ; dare not.” j Still she uttered not a word. She was not : j sure of her footing in such depths. Tho j dream of life of which she had spoken was i made up of pleasant hopes playing hide-and seek with the common facts of life. “Then I dare not—I—” j He broke off, and began again. “I dare not step beyond—but I think, some times, very, very hard—of what, I hardly Still Helen kept silenco—wiso unto the ! moment. ■‘I think of those who have seen and talked with the children, and the flowers, and tho woods, which we paint. And I think that j perhaps if I bad seen the great sea, and tho ships, and the life you and others talk of— then I might have thought—is that the sea, Miss Lamont? Is it? That is tho sea!” j He had lifted his eyes—and they rested upon the waters of the bay, in sight of which they had come by tho turning of a corner. They stopped. Ho stood motionless and speechless, ami with fixed stare and hands to his eyes, shut out the other world—and gazed upon the realm of waters—unconscious of her presence. Oh, sad'awakening \ In all the upheavals : and overturnings of after life, when the electric impulse aroused fear, love or passion, Helen Lamont never felt such a thrilling « of profound sympathy, anger, surprise and mystery as at this discovery of human wrong. The facts revealed were still in the shadow—but her. soul revolted against the I outline—representing the dwarf age of this I life. She stood by him for a moment and . caught her breath. “ Pinnie, Pinnie, my poor boy, what does it mcjiu ?” she cried. “It is tho «e».,. tho ^preat ZsctU’J;-rXjiko < th« revelations of the lightning m the darkness I was tlie sudden change from sadness to joy upon his face. “And why do you say this?" asked Helen, suppressing her own feelings. “Of course it Is the sea.” But within her breast there nawned a fuller conception of tho awful I crime ngoinst this waxen-faced youth. Pinnie turned his faco and plodded on, bent over and-thoughtful. He had gazed upou the ocean, and his soul was filled as with the realization of a dream. He was un conscious of the girl by bis sido. Siie walked on, deeply mystified. At last he spoke to her without lifting his “And, Miss Lamont, this is the green grass —and this is the country of our paintings?” “No, Pinnie, this is not tho country; see here are buildings!” “A few, so far apart,” he muttered, look ing at the residences within the large suburb an lots. “And there are flowers—not paint ed, are they? I can smell them!” And he leaned over a fence in transport to catch the rich perfume he had never known before I The time bad corno when Helen could bear the uncertainty no logger. She put her white band on bis arm and said earnestly: “I do not understand you, Pinnie. Do you mean that you havo never seen the sea be “I have of ten beard of it. My life be gan on the sea—it was my birth-place, I suppose.” “And you have not seen it for a long time?” \- “I never remember to have'seen it.” “How? And lived in this city for years." “I have lived at the school,” Pinnie re “And you have not seen the flowers mid the woods?" “Oh, yeS, indeed; I see them every day -^you know," said he, looking at her ear ‘'Then why have you not seen the sen. “Oh,” he responded, with somo hesitation, “You mean these, tho living trees and flow ers! I—I—have seen the—the painted flowers.” Tho tone and the look- out into the world be fore him—would have touched a stony heart u iin pity. To the melting heart of the loveiy girl, herself battling for life in tho open world, it was crushing. She wept. Tho shadows of evening were gathering about them, and no one was near. She had open ed the door of a prison house, of tho exis tence of which she was unconscious, and still to some extent unbelieving. Tho reality was beyond immediate relief. Oh, of man’s sad want—this was the most touching she had ever known or dreamed. It was the starvation of a soul. “Miss Larnont,” ho said, after her tears were dried. “I think I know something of '“hy you cry. But your life must be happy with all these riches!” “I have no riches, child,” she replied. “These are the riches of others,” .pointing to the houses and gardens, “I have nothing but my hands and thoughts.” “Riches,” ho muttered. “I have seen the woods and flowers and the sea—what are riches, Miss Helen, that others have and wo do not? Where are they ?” “I cannot tell you now, Pinnie. Rut all these things that you see are not ours.” “God does not give them away, I suppose,’1 said the young man with tho simplicity of a little child. “Why, Pinnie, you must lmvo read of these things,” exclaimed the girl suddenly. “No, I cannot read.” “You? You cannot read?” she asked in astonishment. “No ma’am,” Pinnie answered, hanging his head. “You never told me this. I would have taught you.” “I was going to tell you. Arc wo near your home. Miss Lamentf1 “Yes. Pinnie, it is close by.” “May 1 not rest here a little? This is a great ways. I did not know tho miles were Tho boy sat down on the edge of the pave ment, under the oak tree, which still remain ed of the primeval wood, within a few reds of tiie house whither they were going. Ho looked again upon the sea and the woods, over which darkness was slowly gathering. Then up rose the moon, in its full, silvery splendor. The glory of the scene swept over him with an incomprehensible power. Ho had seen its beauty oft before, sot round with brick walls, but now, rising from the water with its sheeny banner trailing over the broad waters, -was a picture for which thero was no language within his powers. He was glorified, and spread his arms over tho vista, as if the sublim ity might in somo degreo escape him. Truly, the grandeur of the universe was poured into his soul, and all the infinite pos sibilities of a mysterious nature overwhelm ed him. He sauk down upon tho walk, cov ered his face with his bauds aud wept, for what he knew not. In tho presence of this new and wonderful revelation to tho. soul of the youth, Miss Larnont withdrew a distance—and witnessed that of which philosophy can furnish no counterpart—the overpowering sense of the majesty of God filling a soul for the first But an end must come—and any descent from such bights of contemplation, on the part of either tho enthralled youth ortho silent witness, must be painful. Sho came to him, touched his arm, and said: “Como, it is night; we must go.” Ho roso mechanically—aud walked by her side ns an automaton. Ho looked neither to tAio right himit nor tho hut trutlK«l on. They reached tho gate. As he stood by to let her enter and lead tho way, a long hollow cough startled him from reverie. Looking. up he saw an aged, bont, thin, gray-haired man about to pass. With an unaccountable instinct, which is a part of our bettor nature, tho old man lifted his eyes to nod a passing recognition—and immediately brought his shambling feet to a dead halt. Ho riveted acold, gray, cunning pair of stony eyes on the youth, but’ not a muscle moved on his pallid, yet ashen face. The youth returned the steely stare with tho unflinching look of innoconce, and ignorance, and wonder. What was the fascination in those livid features? A sickly faintness camo over him—ho swayed to one side, and would havo fallen had not the old man with sudden energy grasped the youth with unnatural strength. Takiug him by both shoulders he gasped, with a hoarso whisper: “I havo you Helen, who had gone before to the door, shrieked at the sight of this sudden assault, and rushed to th.e gateway. But the old man had fled, aud Pinnie lay upon the ground. As the apparition took wings in tho gathering gloom, ho left as the only legacy of mystory tho oxclamation: ‘‘My God, it is not a ghost—not a vision!” and a hollow cough echoed back as be passed into tho gloom. • 