ECHOES FROM LONDON. . - . [By -Ab-Original".] LONDON, September 30. IVAITS'S TERRACOTTA RECORDS. .Mr. Gr. F. Watts, R.A., is eighty-three ystirs of age, and yet liie vigour and philan thropy are unabated. His work for the refining and uplifting of the people will live after him, and its influence will be even proater than that of his pictures and statuary. He lives near Guildford, and the condition of the villagers about there is an object of much solicitation with him-he is always evolving plans for the betterment of their lives. Hia latest undertaking is the establishment of a series of memorials, to be comprehensive and national in their character, illustrative of the deeds of heroism performed by persons in the humble walks of life. This is an old idea of his; as long aB eleven years ago he gave it expression. "The material prosperity of a nation is not an abiding poscession ; the deeds of its people are," he said, and Mr. Pasemoro Edwards was so taken with this proposed plan bf recording the value of the masses in private life, that he was ready to provide an open public gallery, where such memorials might be placed. But time elapsed, { and nothing was done until Mr. Watts again moved in the matter, with the result that a j gallery is being erected in the Ghurohyard of St. Botolph's, Aldersgate. This spot, which j adjoins the new post-offjoo bdildings, is popu- i larly known as Postmen's Park-a little strip of green in the very heart of the roaring, bustling city, Tlio intention is to place representations in terracotta, which shall act as records of the deeds they represent. The great artist gives the first memorial, which will immortalize Alice Ayres, who lost her life in 1885 in saving the inmates of & burning house. Three times alio went back into the smoke and flames, each time bringing out a ohild, and when-her work being accom plished-she attempted to jump from the high window she had not .strength left for the necessary leap, and was impaled below. She died, but WattB is going to- keep her memory alive. The idea is unique and most valuable. The artist is going to have the records of the Vic torian era searched, and it is his intention to record as many similar deeds as he can. It?is hoped that other galleries will be opened all over the Kingdom, so that the visitor may be familiarized, from his infancy almost, with honourable names and stories of heroio deeds the recollection of which the nation will not allow to die. A ROYAL FIRE-EXTINGUISHER. The Duke of Uonnaught has keen distin guishing himself as a fireman. At Alderehot recently some bushes caught alight, and the Duke, who was cycling by, promptly got otf, and, laying his bicyole on the road, got a bough and threshed at the burning shrub. A passer-by, attraoted to the scene, never ex pected to discover royalty in a burning bush, but his luck being in he recognised Hia High ness, and asked if he might assist, and having obtained the necessary permission he received the royal bough, while the Prince got another for himself. Then at it they went, and pre sently some labourers arriving on the spot the Dukes gave certain directions, and the tire was got under. He thanked' the party of helpers, and rode away covered with grime, and feel ing like a red herring.. He is now covered with glory. IMPECUNIOUS HEUOES. A Victoria Cross was sold by public auction this week. It belonged to Private Murphy, who distinguished himself, with Private Morley, by resouing Adjutant Hamilton, who was unhorsed and surrounded whilst pursuing Koer Singh's army at Azinghur in 1858. The Cross, with a two-clasp medal, brought £44. Some other naval and military medals were sold. The East India Company's gold medal for services in Ceylon, 1795-G,. realized £37; the same Company's silver medal for K'helat i-Ghilzio, and the medal inscribed Ghurznee Cabul, 1842 (within two wreaths), £37; a group of three naval medals, including the medal for Benin, 1897, £10 10s.; and a West African medal for Mivele 1895. £7. THE NAVY AND l'HB CAT. . But the uniform ia not always worn with reapeoe. A man ia now under remand for parading in a N&val; Reserve uniform, carry ing * ward, and towing . harmless but un necessary oat "by a string. The board adver tised the following Ibgend" Dick Whitting ton and his oat, Six years'travelling from town to town, and have done 6,000 nliles. Thftiathe Sixth'tinie to Portsmouth and Gos port, and not made Lord Mayor yet. , Please to help it oh. ' It ia true." This original genius paid 8s. 6d. for his outfit, and begged from the passers-by. The Magistrate hardly knew what to do. Clearly if an organ grinder may lead a monkey, this elderly than of un known name was entitled to like liberty in regard to. the cat. It is usual with Magis trates to award this kind of thing rather than to deprive one of the right to it. So the elderly naval man is awaiting their deoision, and they are trying to discover his identity. CURIOUS CASES OF MISFORTUNE. A. man named Thomas Bushtoa has had bis legs broken twenty-four-times. What knotty ossifications they must be now! He is quite , afraid of the frosty weather, as he slips about so, and if he goes down they break. He is fifty-eight years old, and fifty-two years ago he had his first accident. The lege took it m turns to break for along while with surprising regularity, as though each were zealous of his right, or afraid of getting left. Rushton, who is a clogger living at Walkden, muBt have spent several years of his life in bed. The doctors are proud of him as a curiosity. I read an account lately of another unfortunate who for. many years met with an accident on a oortain anniversary. He began to dread the approach 'of the month and the day, but it always came round in. time, "and down he went-run over or something. This anniver sary ha deoidedto stay at home all day, and a man came hurriedly arqftndthe corner of his home, and colliding with him flattened him out once more. > - A YOUNG TRAIN'-WRECKER. A boy aged nine years was seen by a lady to place some stoneB on a railway line the other day. The lady removed them, but as soon as she had left the boy replaced them. Before she could displace them a second time, the London and Brighton train passed over them, bumping badly. The train was only doing twenty-five miles an hour at the time, or the consequences might have been serious. The Magistrate ordered the boy half-a-dozen strokes with the birch and a few hours' deten tion, which seems pretty lenient treatment. He would probably get as much under the domestic roof for being' caught with his hands in the sugar-basin or his mouth smeared with jam and the far-away, piously- uncon sciously look of deceit in his eye. An authority among railway meu says, anent the large number of similar deeds which have been dis covered lately-" The effect of these continual attempts to wreck trains is serious. ? They make drivers nervous, and nothing can be more injurious to a driver than to lose his nerve. . . . Fast train services will be impossible-goods or passenger-if the men running them lose their nerve." A BIKE RIDE TO KHIVA. A young cvolist, named R. L. Jefferson, undertook to ride to Khiva, aoross the deserts of Turkestan, as an advertisement for the publication called the "Cyole." Ho was a long way behind time, and great anxiety was felt regarding his fate, but he hiis reached his destination, broken in health, and with an exciting story to tell. He had been pros trated by dysentery and fever, consequent on soarcity of food and bad water, and in his despatch he says that ho had every night " to sleep in the open with scorpions and taran tulas as his nearest companions, while close at hand could be heard the roaring of tigerB anl other disagreeable, neighbours." _ He turned up in a fringed suit of rags, drooping in grace ful festoons a la tatterdemalion, looking weary and wan. ' He has had enough cycling for some time. It is ola.imed that the "dangers and difficulties he under went were suoh as to make the passage of the two deserts of the Kara lvum and Rizil Kum rank as the biggest bicycle achievement ever yet accomplished." Has not the man who rode from l'ort Darwin to Adelaide any cycle Company to adveitise him on the reciprocity plan? The dangers of de Rougemont are good enough to fill tho newspapers hers with their "clouds of wombats rising at sunset," and scorpions, snakes, and tarantujas must abound in the interior in plant v. I'm afraid the tigers have no parallol in Australia, though a few good upstanding bunyips with seven heads and ten horns apiece ought to give them a shaking for place. THE INEBRIATE PROBLEM. The confirmed inebriate ib an object to be pitied. And the Government, looking at him m this light, are legislating for him, in the desire to reclaim him as a valuable quota ia the life of the body politio. Many good meu are found in these ranks; too often the adage that "beer and brains go together" is true. In some statistical figures supplied by the Dalryiuplo Home at Rickmansworth, out of 475 caseB under treatment there 248 are soli down as due to "sociability." The genial, social, kindly-hearted man is too often,his own worst enemv, while the narrow curmudgeoD, with thought for nobody but himself, and with never a word of encouragement or cheer for his follows,' seems to have learned ths valuable lesson of keeping his own little unresponsive personality safe. These figures are sad reading. Over 400 cases are those of educated people, 111 of them col legians and 112 gentlemen of no occupation. The higheBt totals are-merchants 55, clerks 44, and medioal men 33. This Home detains the inmates for from three to twelve months on their voluntary application. Enquiries about the subsequent welfare of 400 of them showed 1CI as "doing Wei!," though 176 were "not improved." The Government now go for compulsion, and last session they passed an Act providing for this. Such a reform may aaem to some to Interfere unduly with per gonal liberty, but if ever the end can justify the means it must in this matter. CANADIAN ANTI-DRINKING POLL. A correspondent of * London daily aays the contest of the, Canadian Prohibitionists has produced some extraordinary verae. This is from ft " Temperanc<* Rallying Song | it u 6ung to the tune of "One mors rive* to oross"- . . Good temperance people, pray attend To what we've got to say; We rally round the temperance flag And hope to win the day. Chorus. O ne more effort, and that for prohibition; One more effort, there's one more effort to make. In the name of everything that's good United we assemble; King Alcohol upon his throne Begins to fear and tremble. One more effort, &c.; Sere is part of another, which is very depres sing, The gallows and the rum- slain dead are enough to create a necessity for a drop oE Something to pull one together Write it. on the Churchyard mound Where the rum-slain dead are found. Write it on the gallows high, Write for all the passers-ljy; .' Where there's drink there's danger. Also where tliero are tramcars there's danger, and luoifers and kiokiug horses and tinned fish have none too good a record. If all the dangerous things are to be written on the Churchyard mound it will have to be done after the manner of the Lord's Prayer on a threepenny-bit; and even then they would have to enlarge the mound from time to time as human progress moves along. This Bong, by the process of elimination, leaves the oitizen but little choice A pledge we make, No wine to take. No brandy red, That turns the head, Nor whisky hot, That makes the sotj Nor fiery rum. That ruins home: Nor brewer's beer. For that W6 fear; And cider, too, Will never do. To quench our thirst We'll always bring Cold water from the well or spring. But there is no interdict against "a drop of white satin," as the London ooster calls his gin. It is said to mis; well with spring water. THE ARMY AND HOOLIGAN. That up-to-date militant body, the Salva tion Army, is attempting to deal in London with Hooliganism, which 16 after all Marri kinism" under another name. The contract is a heavy one, but the officers seem quite confident that they can do some good. A night or two ago a man died in a hospital, kicked to death in the public street-Edg ware road by the ruffians aforesaid. The method of dealing with them would seem to be to hang them by the neck, and speak a word of hope with regard to their souls. The Army says this is not the way; there is good in thorn if you can get at it, and, they are going to get at it via the pork sausages, the pies, and the plum pudding. At 11 o'clock on Wednesday night the boards at Kennington lane croaked with the succulent viands for Hooligan. He partook, and the meoting closed with prayer. Another sausage meet ing will be held next week. VERSES AND VICE. The "Times" publishes a letter which gives an account of a visit to a London musio hall in one of the rough parts by a manager of a Board school. This gentleman has read the remark of a Magistrate that these halls of harmony were responsible for much of the vicious inclinations in the young, and as a result of his investigation he agrees with the statement. Specimens of the songs provided as entertainment are given. After the over ture, the first, entitled "Our family, described the points of its various members. "Father plavs billiards, billiards with mugs all day," tho sisters Nelly and Polly are shop lifters, the brother is a three card-trick man, and tho singer gives tips for the races. The chorus goes We know-how many beans make five. None of us work, aud yet we are alive! ahve! alive I Another song announces in its first lino that Last night I went out upon the booze. And another, after desoribmg a visit to the Olympia, states that the singer and his pals eaw the night out. Chorus Seeing it out, seeing it out, At eyery pub we stop'd, And whisky, brandy, gin, and beer Everywhere we mop'd; Cannon'd at the lampposts, Knocked against the wall. Seeing it out, seeing it out, Till we could't see at all. Then two performers stated that they repre presontod working-men'8 candidates for Par liament, aud that they favoured Six hours' work and twelve hours' pay, And beer and 'bacca free each day. " Auother comedian's third song described wi evening party in which the guests were chief!v occupied with eating and drinking, ho himself especially with drinking. Indeod, lie was careful to explain that all the time he was there,he was 'movinghis elbow.' Not that ho always limits himself to elbow aotion; on Sundays he goes down upon his knees, for that enables him to got nearer 'the bung hole.' The next singer was a 'lydy,'who3e third song was about another 'Ivdy' who worked at bottling gingerbeer. The idea of j this song is sufficiently indicated by the chorus: Woa Charlotte ! ain't yer goin' strong, Whit with your dress an>t ycr fancy bonnet And all yer stylish ribbons upon it. I can't make out why you look to sublime. But she can't kid me she's been doin' some overtime. Tho next song begins with tho appetising an nouncement that A stone's throw from here there's a nice little pub and is embellished with a chorus set to the tuna of a popular Sunday-Bchool hymn, which runs: Oil! the tiddley at the fountain "l'is beautiful the tiddley at the fountain, Come and have a tiddley at the fountain, And you'll never want a tiddley any more. Tlio letter closes thus:-"It seems poor policy to spend millions on elementary educa tion, and allow these 'night' or 'continuation' schools, under the name of music-halls, to propagate tho worst forms of immorality. Such a programme as that I have dealt with goes far to prove the truth of tho Magistrate's strictures with which I started this enquiry." A GOOD SHOUT STORY. A little time ago I happened upon a volume of short tales entitled "Stories and Play Stories," published by Chapman and Hall. One of these, "Harling's Destiny," by Bulkeley Creswell, caught my eye, and being familiar with tho surname, I read it. As the short story is not generally worth more than the mere time expended in reading it, 1 am pleased to bear testimony to the excellence of this one. It is a vivid pourtrayal of the ex traordinary reality with which fear or a sense of impending disaster registers passing events that, though trivial in themselves, seem to beat powerfully upon a consciousness that recognises them as havinsr happened before. There is an atmosphere of doom enveloping the story-indeed, it* depends for its intense interest upon the psychological analysis in Which the reader assists before he is aware how fully his sympathy is captured. The itory is the old familiar one of a man and a maid ; they are separated for ever, in accord 1074 with their strange premonitions, by the acci- ' dental death of the man. The author-who is well known in London literary circles-is a cousin of Captain Creswell, of Largs Bay. A LIBELLED CLASS. A " Minor Clerk" is much disgusted with George Gissing's last book, "The Town Traveller." He complains that his class is held up to unjust ridicule, and he says he and his fellows are not in the habit of dropping their aitohes, nor do they pronounce "rain" as "rine," become overawed by the waiter and in consequence eat large quantities of dry bread, nor seek their wives from barmaids and programme sellers. He states that mauy of them subscribe their guinea to Mudie, and live in homes of a high standard of refinement and culture. All this because he happens to belong to a class which Gissing uses as apeg on which to hang his character's ooat upon. The same kind of conscientious objector turned up in Dickens's day,, but it was pointed out that every schoolmaster was not necessarily a Squeers, nor was every nurse a Sarah Gamp, or every Harris a person who had no existenoe save as a vinous figment of the brain. The correspondent finished up on his haunches in prancing style, by object ing to "finding ourselves thoobjective of the glib pens of almost the whole noble army of 'new humorists,'in whose ranks Mr. Gissing is apparently the latest recruit," and enclosing his card. REMINISCENCES OF LOCKWOOD. A charming book has been published during the week under tho title of "Sir Frank Lock wood-A Biographical Sketch." The. writer, Augustine Birrell, gives a most entertaining account of tho uoted lawyer, politician, and caricaturist. Here is an anecdote which is worth repeating1:-"In 18!)G ho visited America with tho Lord Chief J ustice and Mr. Montague Crackenthorpe as -guests of the American Bar Association-Lady Lockwood and their.cldest daughter accompanying them. It was before this learned assembly-presump tively on a convivial occasion-that he told the following story, which is so amusing that possibly some may think it a -pity that it should be a mere oxerciso of his humorous fancy :-' I remember on one occasion defend ing an innocent man-it has not often fallen to my lot to defend so innocent a man. When I asked the solicitor who instructed me about the case to tell me what the defence was, he said-"It is an alibi." Said I-"No bettor defence can bo proffered to any Judge; tell it to me." He said-"It was on the 15th of March, as you are aware, that this innocent manischargedwiththisoffonco at York." York is my own constituency, and I defend my con stituents on reasonablo terms. He said-" On March 15 our clicnt, so tar from beiug in York, was in Manchester attending a race meeting." I said-"I don't like it. It may offend the Nonconformist conscience." "Well,"sayslie, "let that pass. He was at Blackpool." " Where?" I said. " Drinking at the bar of a public-house, and I have got the barmaid to prove it." This I rejected on the ground that the publio-house might be a sturabling-blook to some. "Well, what do you think of this?' says he-"Wolverhampton, in a second-hand furniture dealer's shop, buying a coffin for bis mother-in-law, and I have got the book to prove it." I said-"That is the alibi for our innocent mail." Well, we tried that man and he was convicted, and on the conclusion of the trial I had the opportunity of conversing *, :th the learned Judge who tried the case. faj,id he-"That was a goodish alibi." Said I "It ought to be, my Lord, it was the best of three.'"" AT GBAT'S GRAVE. Last Sunday was a perfect day, and every body seemed to be taking advantage of it. London on Sunday afternoon is a oheerless place, and to escape it I went on a cycling pilgrimage to the shrino of Thomas Gray at Stoke Pogis, near Windsor. The ride waa exhilarating, and after some refreshment 'at a village iilu, I loafed along the gentle undula tions of the lanes, in exquisite solitude. Ghosts of the knightly old heroes, who were familiar with those parts in the stirring days of old Windsor, waited upon the road, and Harrison Ainsworth's creations peopled the woods. All this, because of certain black lines of print,- which conjure up the imagina tion. And because one is going to Gray's country churchyard the Sabbath afternoon bell chimes sweeter. If we were on the way to a brickworks, or a clothmill, the image would change, and the air become suggestive of Lowell's low-browed, stunted artisan, per haps. The birds were in melodious form around the old, ivy-covered Church. The churohyard seems to "have become more popu ; lar as a burial ground since my la9t visit; i there were many tombstones of recent date, 1 and a general air of attention and renovation . in the surroundings. The old yew-tree still j casts a shadow where the turf "heaves with | many a mouldering heap"-that, at lehst, is | the same. An avenue of rose-trees leads up | to the Church porch, giving rather an idea of j the modernity of a villa garden. The day i was calm and still, everything, like tlie dead, | reposed in a Sunday afternoon peace. I was : half-ashamed of a bicycle in such a spot-it j socmed so inharmonious. | THE CONFESSIONS OF A FASTING WOMAN. Mrs. Christiansen is not going to eat any thing for thirty days. Whether she will suc | ceod in abstaining or not is the question that i is of importance to those persons who care for this kind of entertainment, and she says she 1 will, or die in the attempt. The lady is at the , Royal Aquarium, where she has been for some 1 fifteon days. The sport is not new-Succi and j . Tanner and others have done enough of it to j ; prove that it can be done. But no loss an i 1 authority than Shakspeare tolls us that a ! ! tanner will last longer than other men after I death, and it is perhaps reasonable to suppose i that he will fast longer than others during I life. The lady may, however, put even aim j in the shade, for she says hunger pro i seats no difficulties to her. She be i gan this "fast" life in Schleswig ! in 1896, when she abstained from food for 1 ; fifteen days. She was allowed tea and coffee j i unsugared, but that was all. At the end she i ' was in better health than before. She gets j i neither hungry or thirsty, but feels exhila- ' ; rated. The benefits of her system as a cheap 1 stimulant for the poor or in strike times must i surely have been overlooked by science. She | calculates to lose about 12 oz. a day in weight-, i smokes an occasional cigarette "to keep her j head cool and clear," and is enjoying herself. She says the longer alio fasts thegreaterintereat she feels in herself. And, of course, the publio -or those of them who cars about the matter feel likewise. In London there ia a large number of those who care about any subject one could name; just as Sir George Lewis says they will believe anything. Witness Arthur Orton and de Rougemont. So she will probably make it pay. A FOOLISH VIRGIN. A lady, whose age is cruelly given as thirty two, refused to light the lamp on her bicycle at 11 o'clock the other night. When the policeman said she must ehe answered with one word-"Shant!" and got up steam and { pedalled away. The man in blue, being fleet of foot, gave chase, and caught her-a perfor mance in which the odds were against him. He politely caught the bicycle by the handle and the Beat, for the force have been aooused latelyof unnecessary roughness in cycle dealings with the fair sex. _ Anna Hanson, that was her name, having alighted-though not in the sense desired by 2G3E-hauled off. and struck the constable in the mouth, cutting his lips. A woman of mind, this, and muscle also. She was fined 40s., which amount would have bought a lob of lucifera, and kept her name and age out of the papers, though it was only a very "light" sentence. It would be inte resting to consider how a man would have fared with the police after such an assault. He would probably have got hammered to a palp with theofficia! truncheon, imprisoned for thonight, and fined heavily into the bargain. SUND11IES. A Captain Count F. 0. Metaxa is appointed to the command of a battleship at Alexandria. This is a good name for a warrior; there is butchery suggested even in an introduction. There may T>e something in names; for instance, if you want to draw as an acrobat or sucoeed as a restauraut-keeper you must adopt something Italian. In the Strand there is an eating-house-probably kept by an Aus tralian-with the name of " A Ballarati" over the door. Possibly the idea was copied from Mrs. Armstrong's adoption of " Melba." Magistrate Plowden exhibited much com mon-sense in the case of a woman who came to ask advice about dealing with her brother, who pestered her with insulting lotters. " Have you a wastepapor- basket?" he asked. "No, Sir," said the lady. "Then buy one, and put the letters in it and forgive him." This did not appear to satisfy the lady at all. No opportunity for the last word. Thrift, thrift, Horatio! The wreath which adorned the statue of Mr. Gladstone at his death is reported to have done duty on that of General Gordon in the Guildhall lately during the Oindurman rejoicings. The new Lyddite shell was first used during the reccnt Egyptian campaign. It is an English invention, and much interest was evinced in the way it would answer. Neufeld, the German who wasjmprisoned for so long by the Khalifa, says ho saw one of these shells blow to atoms 108 persons out of 118. It leaves hardly a wrack behind. LONDON, October 7. SOLDIERS HOME AGAIN. The Grenadier Guards received a great reception from tlie people yesterday on their return from Omdurman. The uiarch through the streets was one long clamour ot' glad welcome. Flags fluttered gaily on high across the roadways, and ever and anon the soldier-loving Londoners raised chcer after cheer. Tlio enthusiastic crowd was so greatj that I could get a glimpse of a man only here and there as they passed through iSt. .James's Park, and these looked fine and bronzed-niore like the typical lean Australian. They were proudly inarched to barracks by the bands of the Grenadiers, Coldstrea.ms, and Scots Guards. I wish I had space to attempt to describe the scene. London was ?almost mad with joyful hero worship. There are many touching scenes recorded, though the men seemed sternly to repress the inclination to let themselves go, and kept eyes in front most oE the time. It was a sight worth see ing, and not to be easily forgotten, It is rot much to the credit of the authorities liiat the gallant fellows were kept waiting at Portsmouth for several hours while their kits were beiug examined by Customs officers. SIRDAR RITOHEKEir, A sketch of Sirdar Kitchener-01' as he v.-ill he. Lord Kitchener of Khartoum in a London paper aces not give the idea that he is a very lovable man. Pie lias no soft place about him lor weakness or in capacity; if a man is sick he dismisses him; if he makes a mistake lie is deposed *and another serves in his stead at once. The Sirdar amply rewards success. He has no more truck with failure. He is silent and ?without confidants or personal friends-a self-contained, Lard, lonely man, who never thrills with pleasure nor bows his head in grief. He is "unfettered by any personal ties," brave, strong, "careless of his per ioral appearance," and apparently, from ti'ifi writer's point of view, aii iron man Wi.lL cut a heart, 1'he sketch ends with these verses: One may fall-and lie falls by lnmself. Falls by liimsclf with himself to blame: One may succeed, and to liirn be the pelf, Loot of the City in gold or fame, Plunder of Earth will be all lib own. He travels tlie fastest who travels Alone. Vi'hii.e bands ciin? 1o tlie tightened vein, Or ilvag the spur Iron) the booted heel: Tenderest voices civ "turn again," Sal!: tears sully the scabbarded sieei. Down to Gehenna-or up to the Throne, lie travels the fastest who travels ALONti A LADY DOCTOR WANTED. The police of both America and tins country have 'for some time wanted the perpetrators of what is known as the Yel low Mill Pond Mystery, and they think they ha.ve found her at last at Hampstead road. The gruesome story is briefly this: -Dismembered portions of a human body were found in tlie Yellow Mill Pond at Bridgeport, in the United-States. These re mains have since been identified as those of a domestic servant, who was known to be in trouble, and to have gone to a cer tain "Dr." Nancy Guildford to procure abortion. A number of persons were ar rested in connection with the case; includ ing Harry Oxley, the young woman's sweet heart, and the son and daughter of Nancy Guildford, as well as" a former sweetheart of the dead girl, named Foster, and a con fidante of Oxlev's, named Guernsey. But Doctor Nancy could liot be found. A member . of the London Detective Force bad his sus picious, however, of a sliort woman, with grey hair, and of about middle height, and he put a few questionc to he1" bearing upon her identity. She told liim her name was McAllister, and that she came from Chi cago six months ago, direct to tire apart ments she then occupied in Harrington srjuare. The detective listened, and then coldly told her she was not speaking the truth; that she was Kanc.y Guildford, and forthwith arrested her on a charge of man slaughter. The surprise was so great that the short grey-haired lady said, "This is an outrage: can I see my counsel?"' She refused her name and address at Row-street, and was remanded pending the arrival of extradition documents from tlie States. Among her effects were found several articles, from which the name had been cut, including pocket-handkerchiefs, but'some spoons bore the marks "Dr. G." A sound, and some powders and drugs were also found. This "Dr. Guildford" was at first- supposed to he connected with the case from the fact that the severed head of the poor victim was found in a piece of wearing apparel bearing the laundry mark "G. 51," and this was iris. Guildford's num ber at a Bridgeport laundry. A chaired fragment of an envelope was also found 011 Sirs. Guildford's premises by the repor ters after the detectives had been over them minutely, and this piece of paper disclosed the fact that the envelope had conveyed money from Oxley to Guildford. Tlie police are aware of tlie leading facts of the case; the girl is known to have died at Nancy Guildford's on a certain date: and that her body was cut up in a bath tub iihe next-day. It is also known that her head and legs were placed in a hired conveyance; and that Nancy Guildford's son rode on his bicycle as advance courier to the horrible heaise on its way to the Pond. But is this the woman who is wanted? And, if she be, can she lie extradited 011 the charge of murder in the second degree, to which the original indictment has been altered'! 1 he American attorney who represented her savs death from abortion, is not murder, and. therefore, the charge being illegal, she cannot be. He thinks-if she be the woman -he can prevent her extradition. The case is exciting much interest, fllie extiadinon variant was granted.-Ed.l THE WATUR FAMINE. The complaints against the Abater Com ijnnv ij> the Fast End of London still cc.n tiii'ie. The County Council is considering the water supply question, and some of tlia facts brought to light in their debate the othc-r dav show an alarming condition ot tilings It was stated that the Company alwavs refused to allow the Council to visit" their works or inspect their mams. One speaker said it would be difficult to exaggerate the misery and suffering of jnanv of the poorer citizens through the scarcity of water, and another anticipated the worst complications when the rain came and stirred up the accumulations of 1ilth. He further guaranteed typhoid to any Councillor in a single day who would place himself under his guidance One speaker produced figures, by which he shoved that instead of 200 million gallons .being allow ed to flow over Teddiugtcn weir after the Companies have takm their supplies (as re auired bv. Lord Balfour s C omnnssioii) the quantity' had fallen from 169 millions in July to 50 millions 011 a day m September. "TABLK DELICACIES." Several weeks have passed since by order of the Magistrate some thirteen tons or diseased and putrid livers of various ani mals which had bsen seized at Soutluvaik, were destroyed, but for some reason or other the persons oil whose premises the -fiithv and abominable' stuft was found -were onlv proceeded against yeste^daj. In The course of the case the sickening fact , disclosed that at ibe time of the se -/m e similar articles were ben^ nianu faetured into extract of meat 111 est.ihh>li ments which professed to turn out difteienfc kinds of table delicacies The evidence d the Chief Inspector was to the effect that when lie called the attention of the ^laiia ger for Mr. Falle Geary, one of the do fend ant?, who has been trading uiulei the «tvle of lluffen & Co.. to tl^ loathsome contents of forty-four barrels tnenon his premises, the reply was lle>e »>' rMilWitness said, -But looL. at tlie elfme upon them," and the Manager answered. "Oh, we always wasl^theni h^ fore making them into extract. 1I«mc were it was further alleged, some emptj barrels, which were also shiny and smelt badlv. Witness saw a quantity of bottles containing extract, and "Bouvinus," which was described as pure extract of meat-." The witness produced a Tiennv bottle, and Mr Avoir observed that "everything bovine liad become sa common that a new departure was niade by the word "Bouvinus. It was further shown that tile livers were steeped m $ solution of borax and which served to conceal decomposition, but actu ally helped to make the _ stuff poison ous. Under cross-examination «ic accused, who declared that the barrels contained pigs' livers, announced that tlie product of the manufacture was to l\e;«se(I as a flavouring for "Australian, Cht<**.H0; and Argentine extract, in order to makv a perfect blend." Tlie Magistrate expressed the opinion that the case was a had one, declared that to make an article of tooa from such absolute filth was an offence ie quiring tlie severest punishment, iandM1",' flitted a fire of £50, irith £50 costs. Had the law allowed it, he would have .*!," the penalty £5 per barrel, hut the. Jjsgis.a ture had fixed the maximum at £50. It is shrewdly suspected, that there will be a slump in the market for meat extracte ajid ! Kuchlike table delicacies, the composition and quality of which cannot be absolutely vouched for. NOISY LONDON. Many of the ear-spiitting noises of Lon-; don" are the more vexatious from the fact that they are unnecessary. The Society for the Suppression of Street Noises was hailed with satisfaction, but mow that it has come into existence, and has persuaded the London County Council to adopt new by laws, it is doubtful whether much relief from the distracting sounds in the city will be felt. These by-laws came into force on "October 1, but they provide for the suppres sion of "steam organs or other musical in struments worked Dy mechanical means," which instruments are not found in Lon don. But the neighttbur's whining doe. whose heart-broken howling continues all through the night, cannot be dealt .with until after the expiry of a fortnight's notice, and the plaintiff must get two others who live "within hearing of the animal," to sign the complaint. Obviously this ren ders the by-law almost a dead letter, -as neighbours who must remain such will not risk amicable relations, . but I as a last resource, and your two residents ' "within hearing of the animal" may be ; sound sleepers, and have dogs of their own, and then the cook, who, according to John Wilton, scatters the rear of thin dark- j ness with his lively din, may crow over you, until you palpitate and twist with ner- j vous agony. but his neck remains unwrung, i while you liunt for your two allies. There is something to be said for the owner of the bird, of course, as he might otherwise j become the helpless victim «f the spiteful ' old maid next door, who wilTnot have such things about her own yard; and objects to j them on principle in yours. It is, however, very hard to be told, as a man was by the Magistrates recently, that; you had better buy up offending animals. Owners could make a revenue by continuing a supply of fresh ones. THE BIGHTS OF "THE ARMY/' A matter of importance to a good many lieoule came before Mr. Hopkins at Lam beth Police Court recently. Two shop keeper." proceeded against the Salvation Army for unlawfully singing in a public place. The Army people declined to adopt the suggestion tliat they should undertake to desist, in tjhe future, as they felt it their duty to hold their meetings in the streets. They had, however, moved further away. The Magistrate, in dismissing the informa tion, said this course was best under the circumstances, but he did not want to be .misunderstood. "All that people who ob jected to tiie singing had to do was to go cjuietly and without excitement and make it plain to the captain, or whoever it was conducting the service, that the proceedings were unpleasant to them for some reason sufficient to themselves. They should take a police constable with them to request the Army to go away. Then they should apply ' for a summons if necessary. A householder should be the person wiio took out the summons. If that were done,,and if a case were put iiropc-rly before the Court, lie would be obliged to convict if tbs case were proved to his satisfaction. After what had taken place, and the matter having, he supposed, been considered at the Salvation Army liead- quarters, he should inflict the highest penalty he could. He would be justified in considering the Salvation Army contumacious."' TRIAL or BLOODHOl'NDS. At a trial of bloodhounds this week at Scarborough some interesting work was , done; but the distances set do not seem to have been long enough to. demonstrate more than the possibilities of this class of dog. The trial for single hounds in leash was for a little over half a mile, and the man lay ; down in the heather. The first dog quickly picked up the scent, and finished his trial by running from sight. The second animal was very slow in getting on the trail; but when he did, he went straight to his object at a good pace. The third bloodhound turned off about a hundred yards from his man, and did not get the scent again; and two others could not get going at all. In the tests with loose hounds, the two first dogs ran straight and fast oil getting the scent, which again took a long while; one failed to pick it up at all; and two others, . after going well from the start, turned, and came back in their own tracks. Then a bitch did the best work of the day by cleverly picking up the scent at starting, and , regaining after losing it. Her work is de- | scribed as remarkable. THE SAME BOY AND THE SAME SNAKE. The "Wide "World Magazine" owes the "Daily Chronicle"' O»p already for its atti tude, towards Louis De Rougeniont. The -latter paper now publishes a letter headed "A. Literary Coincidence/"' in which it is pointed out that a beautiful and touching story published recently^by the "Magazine" is almost identical with the idea, of a poem | by Charles and Mary Lamb, published in 1&09\. It is about a boy who divided his morning porridge with suake. Tlje writer j says:-"In both pictures the boy is lifting : his spoon in a threatening attitude. In the poem by the Lambs, the horror-stricken mother sees ... the child lift up its spoon, And tap the snake upon its head, Fearless of harm; and then lie said, As speaking' to a familiar mate, 'Keep your own side, do, Grev Pete;' The snake then to the other side, As one rebuked, seems to glide. In the prose story in the. "Magazine," the mother sees the snake raise its head, and .the boy "struck it with the spoon, saying at the same time, 'No, no! Bom Slong, my turn now.' . . . . The reptile only cowered down in the leaves, watching the child out of its tiny bright eyes." The "World Wide Magazine," will want.to say "Bom Slong" to- the writer after this, if they do not get in some worse French be forehand. FINE-PAYING MONEY-LENDERS, There are" many ways of making a living in London which are unfamiliar to people in the antipodes, but one of the mostf novel 5s that of paying lines for delinquents in tjhe Courts. A solicitor contributes an item on this to "Cassell's Sa turday Journal," in which he sfjates that a comfortable income can be made by this means. He says:-'"The fine ayer has a small army of assistants, who aunt tihe different Courts of Law in quest <C>f clients. If a man-is unable to pay the fine imposed on him, and has to face the alternative of going to prison, a benevolent stranger comes to liis rescue, pays the fine and frees him from his dilemma. This gentleman is one of the fine-payer's touts, who finds little difficulty in arranging for llie repayment of the loan by instalments with substantial interest." ON PAIN.. Dr. Spnes Thompson, M.l)., lecturing at Greshaiii College on "The Borderland be tween Health and Disease," defines the mystery of pain as either excess of blood, or lack of blood, or it is caused by impurity of the blood. He considers the use of narcotics for its allevia tion as the employment of the devil in angelic disguise. He advised the bearing of i pain without complaint. Good advice- for the other man; but it depends somewhat upon t'ie kind of pain you've got yourself. WHOLESALE BANKNOTE FORGING FACTORY. The police have arrested two men and a woman, all foreigners, on a charge of forg ing Bank notes. The case is regarded as of great importance. Foreign Banks have been victimised on several occasions by the presentation of forged notes, and the Soot land Yard authorities have endeavoured to trace the culprits-it seems with conspicu ous success-as they found on the premises engraving tools, photographic apparatus, water-marked paper, and etceteras. One of ' the rooms was fitted up as a printing office, ivith a litho and a copperplate pi-ess. Under the floor were discovered copper plates for printing Russian rouble notes, Austrian 100-gulden notes, and Bolivia 20-dollar notes. The Treasury will prosecute. SEEING GLADSTONE. Mr. Augustine BirrelFs biography of Sir Frank Lockwood is very interesting read ing, with its good stories of the genial Queen's Counsel's innocent mirthfulness and kindly nature. But there is one going around which it omitted to secure. A lady was speaking in high terms of the greatness of Gladstone, when Lockwood-for mischief only-as lie ivas one of the Grand Old Man's chief admirers, affected to dissent. "Ah, Mr. Lockwood, when you have seen as much of all sides of him as I have, you will agree with me," said the ladv. "Why, my dear madam, I count my knowledge as very full. I believe I have seen more of him than you have. I have, I think I can say without boasting, seen a great deal more." The lady was rather inclined to be an noyed. Her idol could not be better known to any one. She had been an intimate ac quaintance for many years. She found out some time afterwards that Gladstone and Lockwood had once occupied the same bathing machine. THE TIPPIKG NUISANCE.. The tipping system in England is nothing short of an abominable-not- to say expensive - nuisance. You must tip at every turn, and if you omit- to do so each expectant person lias a method - the pro duet of years of study-of making you feel your indebtedness. The railway authorities have had the matter again brought- under their notice, and they say there is a regu lation against it already in existence. If passengers are foolish enough to tip they have only themselves to blame. Also, they aver that porters are paid without any re duction for possible tips, many of them thus getting good wages and often as much as £1 a week extra. There is roum for Anti-tipping as well as Anti- tippling Socie ties. AN OFFICER'S REPLY. A story was told at a medical dinner the other evening by Surgeon-General Jameson, Director-General of the Army. He was speaking on the immunity of the troops from septic disease, and of the care taken to secure proper aseptic treatment. An officer had been wounded in the chest at the battle of Omdurmau, but he turned up again soinc_ time later, looking fit and hearty. "You ought to apologise for being alive," the doctor remarked to the officer. "You might have been shot through the heart/' "I should have been," was the reply, "but during the battle my heart must have been in my boots."' LORD CHARLES BERESFORD ON THE SEA. ''There is something in a sea. life, some tinge of romance, which appeals to even those who have had no experience," says Lord Charles Beresford, in liis introduction to "A Gun-room Ditty Box,"' by Stewart Bowles, formerly of the navy. How true! You notice it on each ocean journey, though the ladies with most experience seem to get the most romance. What is the ?"something?7' Many people change tlieir individuality completely on the sea, and regain its Quakerish soberness with an added touch of grey as soon as they step on shore again. THE LOST POEMS BY SHELLEY. Mr. John Lane, the publisher, received a letter last week from a Mr. V. E. G. Husjsev, which ran:-'"] am writing to ask if you would be inclined to undertake the republication of some early original poems by .Shelley, of which my mother, Mrs. J." F. Hussey, is in possession, and of which her copy is, so far as can be ascertained, the only one now extant. The work in question is entitled 'Original Poetrv, bv Victor and Cazire,' the production of P. B. Shelley and an anonymous collaborator. The book was published at Horsham in 1810, and consists of about sixty octavo pa^es.' Mr. Lane did not repiy by j-oi-t; he went in person. He obtained possession of the book referred to, and in a day or two it will be republished; It is the miss ing Shelley, for which the literary world has been searching for many years. The history of it i» 1 nil ni interest.' Its exist ence was made known to Shelley-lovers by Dr. Richard Gamett, of the British Museum, in 18G0, when he found a refer ence to it in a periodical called "Stock dale's Budget," published in 1827. But no thing other than this reference had-been discovered until last- June. The reason of its disappearance from the world of letters is interesting after this lapse of years. It is comparatively certain that" "Cazire" was Shelley's sister-"Victor" was Shelley himself. "Victor" had left 1,480 copies of the work with Stockdale, who was helping him out of a difficulty with his publisher, and Stockdale discovered a poem in the book wliieh he knew to be the production of M. G. Lewis. He told Shelley this, and the latter "expressed the warmest resent ment at the imposition practised upon him by his coadjutor," and entreated Stockdale to destroy every copy. Mrs. Hussev, the owner of this precious volume, was the daughter of Henry Grove, who was the brother of Shelley's first sweetheart, Har riet. It is probable, that Harriet Grove re ceived a copy of the book, and that it found its way into the possession of her brother. It is said there is no great lite rary merit in the poems, but some of them are Shelley's, which fact is sufficient. NEW BOOKS. Among the books produced during the past few days is Sir Walter Besant's "The Changeling," which touches heredity, so unsatisfactory a problem to liandle, but so alluring to novelists. With it all things are possible, and the true artist's, law of improbability is driven through with coach ana horses too frequently, to the dismay of the law-abiding scientist. The romajnee, which portrays the character of a child of a selfish, sensualist-, who is adopted by. a. lady of title, and goes through Eton and Cambridge, is not considered up to Besant's best work, but both he and Kipling have set their own standards, and these are very high. "A Crowned Queen," by Sydney Grier, continues the stirring story, "An Uncrowned King." It js a tale of a. man's ambition and a woman's development in moral force and nobility of character, and it should become popular among readers of the best romance. "In the' Forbidden Land," an account of his travels, imprison ment, and torture in Thibet, by A. Hen it Savage Landor, is full of stirring incident, and has all. the thrill and movement of the personal story of adventure. _ It is in two volumes. . In verse, Mr. Wilfred Blunt, politician and horse-breeder, publishes, a volume, with a note by W. E. Henlev, who, says the,poet, "has put more of himself and his sole experience into his verse than any writer of his time." Some of Mr. Blunt's sonnets are good, though he makes the restriction imposed by this form some what less difficult by breaking the lines. Here is one: I did not. clioosc thee, dearest. It was Love That made the choice, not I. Mine e.ves were blind ' As a rude shepherd's, who to some lone grove His offering brings, and cares not at what shrine He bends his knee. The gifts alone were mine; The rest was Love's. He took me by the hand, And fired the sacrifice, and poured the wine. And spoke the words I might not understand. I was unwise in all but the dear chance Which was my fortune, and the blind desire Which led my foolish stops to Love's abode. And Youth's" sublime, unreasoned prescience, Which raised an altar, and inscribed in file Its dedication, "To the Unknown God." "Rhymes and Rhapsodies," by Oliver Grey, is evidently the production, of one young in years, in sentiment a pretty trifler, with that elusive touch of pseudo-earnest ness, that spurious grief about nothing, which is the mark of the youthful poet. But some of his songs are pleasing to the ear, as thus: Among the balmy willow buds, The bees are murmuring low; Bird music all the welkin floods; Tile Spring winds come olid go, " Only aiy heart is sad to-d;*-; Sweet April charm my griw away. A lady of talent with a nice sense of proportion is the authoress of "'The Last Poems of Susan K. Phillips"-a poet of the eea. The natural melody of this is refresh ing as a west wind: The land-locked air is warm and sweet, The land-locked breeze is soft to meet; The land-locked path lies smooth and green, Where golden sunlights fleck between The foliage of the elm and asli; And bright the land-locked waters flash Past ferny bank and mossy-.grot, All blue with the forget-me-not. But T, amid the daisied leas, And the cool shade of spreading trees. While in sweet chorus finch and thrush Make music in the scented bush I want the wild wind, fresh and free, That sweeps across the Northern Seji The keen, strong wind that blows to give The room to breathe, the strength to live. "George Marlcham: A Romance of tJie West," is the title of a new novel by Mrs. Mayne.Reid, relict of Captain Mayue Reid. to be published shortly. The scene is laid in Western America-a region familiarized to -us by her late husband. Mrs. Reid was until lately a resident of London, and is Etili in one of tjhe country districts, THE FASTING WOMAN, Madame Christensen. the fasting, woman at the Aquarium, has failed in her attempt to abstain from food tor thirty days. After; going hungry for 17 days 18 hours, her medical advisers decided against a further abstinence, as they did not. care to allow her to run the risk of permanently injuring Iter health. The lady was pale, but cheer ful, at the finish; and to prove that"she is not exhausted, she is singing, regularly at the Aquarium concerts. THE KITCUENKR MOUST>>r^r..' The Kitchener mousfnt-he is fiishiouable since the Battle of Omduiman. City stock brokers, military men, policemeu, atyd noi} descript men, are all said to hare caught the craze, and are changing the long, droop ing species, or the waxen-tipped kind, for the "Kitchener." It is thus described by an authority ill the "Daily Mail":-"lh colour a dark-reddish brown, with the slightest, tinge of grey, it is full-grown, straight-haired, and an exact counterpart of the famous 'Cardigan.' This is a perfect moustache for a bold, stern, fearless face, and i.t suits it as 110 other style would do. The bains in Sir Herbert Kitchener's mous tache are very strong and hard, starting right up close against the nostril. Some of them actually reach the extreme ends on either side. There is also a very strong un | dergiowth; but the Sirdar uses no artificial means for emphasizing the striking charac teristics of his moustache." LONDON, October 14. A GENUINE WATER FAMINE. I "In a good many localities in Esses there are people who for weeks past have been able to keel) themselves and their children, their sheep and their cattle, their horses and dogs and poultry from dying of thirst only by efforts such as many of us can hardly realize or understand."' It is a surprise to an Australian to read such a statement about England, but it is appa rently true enough. There is a water famine here. Even school cliildren cry for water, and have to go without a drink for hours together. The ponds and wells are drying up everywhere. A Railway Company lias been supplying a famished district with 6,000 gallons a week just to enable the people to scramble along. ?? Un less rain comes soon England will be in a terrible cleft stick. A SECTION OF UNDERGROUND LONDON. The "Daily Mail" publishes a plan of a section of underground London at Slaugh ter Comer. It reveals at a. glance the mar vellous engineering feats that are so fami liar to the old Londoner as to have earned his satisfied contempt. Where else in the world would you find such utilization of space as here? *he picture plan I refer to there is, overhead, the Loudon, Chat ham, and Dover Railway Line; next the road level, with its ? ordinary open-air traffic; next the "electric conduits and gas and water mains;" then twenty feet below the road level is the Underground Railway; under this again is the large main sever: and below this still is the City and Waterloo Railway. A rough shock of earthquake would make some confusion here. . CROMWELL'S HEAD. It is more than 200 years since Oliver Cromwell crossed the bar, and one would have thought that his mortal remains had turned to clay long since. But a gentle man. named Wilkinson says he has got the Protector's head, and another gentleman, namedArthur Doody, Says he has seen it. The history of the relic is that the body I was dug up after the Restoration and gibbeted at the famous Tyburn gallows tree. This trifling indignity not being suffi cient for a person of such degraded instincts as Oliver, they chopped off his head anc(. stuck it on a pole at Westminster Hall. From this elevation it frowned upon the h passing, multitude for twenty-five years, j until it: was blown down one stormy night. A sentinel shock the gravel out of its hair and took it home. On his death bed lie wheezed out the ghastly secret to his wife and daughter, and they found it up the chimney, or on the roof, or .wherever the sentinel said it was. Not having any im mediate use for it, and feeling it was not nice to have it always loo-king at thet when they went into the room, they put a I price upon it. Mr. Russell, of Cambridge shire, thought it rather high (in a financial sense), but he bought it all_ the same, be cause he was connected with the Crom wells. When he died it belonged to his heir, and so on down to the family who now own it-ill whose possession it has been for nearly a hundred years. It shows two axe marks on the neck, and the iron spike attached to an oaken staff is em bedded in the skull. It is embalmed, and the moustache, beard, and eyebrows, as well as the hair on top, still remain. A mole is noticeable in tiie right eyebrow, the underjaw is short, and the nose turns to the left. Experts think it is Crom well's, without doubt. His great terror of death seems-in the light of this fact to have been j-casonable. Oiie's head were better in chancery than bequeathed as an heir loom thus. SIJAKSPE.4 RE'S LAST HOUR. Old manuscripts are much in evidence just now. Lawyers are ransacking the eccle siastical archives in connection with the fa mous Shinway case, of which I wrote last week, and recent papers contain a reference to some fifteen volumes of notes by the Bev. John Ward, M.A., who was Vicar of Stratford-on- Avon from 1662 to 1681. These notes were the subject of discussion at a meeting of the Medical Society of London in whose library they are-on Monday even ing by Mr. Owen, of St. Mary's Hospital. This gentleman interested his hearers by stating the fact that the Vicar was also a student of medicine. He went to Shaks peare's village about forty-six years after the great poet's death, and there are re corded. among his notes some hearsay about theDiviue William, which notes are already published in Halliwell Phillipps' "Life of Shakspeare." One of the entries says:-"I have heard that Mr. Shakspear was a natu ral, without any art at all; hee frequented the plays all his younger time, but in his elder days Jived at Stratford, and supplied the stage with two plays every year, and for that had an allowance so large that >hee silent at the rate of £1,000 a year." Shaks pears was evidently held in remembrance by his neighbours, not as a. niggard, but as one who, liaving the means, was not afraid to disburse. This sum might be multiplied by four to represent its value to-day. And what vermillion iimes his gueste must have had! With his "natural wit" moving as the bottle passed, .his companions--if ihey were of a capacity to appreciate -,> must . have bathed their senses in nectar. For the bottle did pass, in witness whereof this further entry: -"Shakspear, Drayton, and Ben Johnson .had a merry meeting, and, it j seems, drank too Jiard, foe .Shakspear died i of a feavour there contracted." . What a ; trio! Aud what a death io die! Whea thr 