WIT A.D =HOUO. This is what a Russian proverbl has to say on woman's rights: "If you be a cock, crow; if a hen, lay eggs." Visitor, in restaurant at the Zoological Gardens. (commandingly): "I say, waiter, when do they feed the a?imnals P" Waiter: "Excuse me, sir, a1.,: have you ordered ?" 'A French gentleman, who had heard rum called spirits, went into an hotel and called for a glass of punch, requesting that it should be made of "ghost from the Vest Indies." She: ."Why does that piano sound first loud and then soft when your sister plays it ". He : " Well, you see, she is learning to ride a bike, and uses the pedals alternately from force of habit." Papa ".So Emily now stands at the head of her class in French 7" Mamma: " Yes. She and another girl were exactly even in the written examinations, but it was decided that Emily shrugged her shoulders the more correctly." The following extremely novel adver tisement lately appeared in a Fench pro. vincial newspaper :-" For Sale : One monkey, two poodle dogs, and a parrot. Tho owner, Mademoiselle L.; being about to marry, has no further use for these animals." In 'a certain country Court-room one jay there had been such a chattering among the spectators that the judge ex claimed : "Silence I Usher, let us have' deborum in court I" The officer, a native of the Emera'd Isle, at once rushed to t?he door, 'calliank out: "Richard Orum I 'Richard Orsin'l" It was some time before "d dorum"`was secured. N. P. 'Willid, the American writer, was usually the life of the company he hap pened to be in. His repartee at Mrs Gales's dinner in Washington is famous. Mrs Gales wrote on a card to her niece, at the other end of the table: "Don't flirt so with Nat Willis." She herself was talking vivaciously to a Mr Campbell. Willis wrote the niece's reply: "Dear aunt, don't attempt my young feelings to trannmel, Nor.strain at a Nat while you swallow a Campbell !" Best Suggestion Yet.- She (at the theatre):," So you don't like that hat just in front of us ? How would you like it trimmed ?" He (savagely): " With a lawn. mower!' And lobby Naturally Agreed.--Visi tor: " Whom do you take after, Bobby -your papa or your mammal" Bobby Craggs: "That depends. When Aunt Sarah's here nma says I take after her folk ; and when Uncle James Craggs is here ma says I'm a regular Craggs. They're both rich." Irrepressible in Every Way.-1f.: " My dear boy, how did you manage to cut your face like that?" J,.: " Well, you see, I can't stand a barber's chatter, so I hired a dumb one to come in and shave me every morning." B.': "And he didn't know how to shave-eh " .1. " Oh, yes; he could shave all right, but he persisted in talking to me on his fin ger all the while : Not .Overwhelmed by the Honor. A Scotch hotelkeeper, at whose house Tennyson had stayed, was asked: "Do you ken who you had wi' you t'other night r' "Na," was the hotelkeeper's reply; " but he was a pleesant shentleo man." "'It was Tennyson, the poet l" "An' wlia' may he be?' "Oh, he's a writer of verses, sich as ye see i' the papers a". "NIoo, to think o that ! Jccst a pooblic writer, and I gied him ma best bedroom I" Cloth and :Brush.- A venerable and pompous bishop wasahaving his portrait painted, and, after sitting for an h ur in silence, thought' he 'would -breaE the monotopy " How are you getting along " lie enquired. To his astonish. sneuttihb artist, absorbed in his work, re plied:' " Move your head a little to the right andsliut .OeU mouth." Not being accustomed to such a form of add.-,, his lordship asked : "May I ask you why" you address me in that manner t" The artist, still absorbed in his work, said : "I want to take a little off your cheek." Sausages for Tea.-An old lady en gaged a new setrvant girl, who came from Ireland. On the first day of her service the mistress went to the railway station in the afternoon to meet some friends who were coming to tea. As she left she called to Mary, the new girl, and told her they would have sausages for tea. When the time came she set the table. The company assembled and sat down. The mistress told Mary to bring in the sausages. Mary replied: "If ye plaze, ma'am, I've brought them in; they are in the" tsypot." "In the teapot I' ex claimed the mistress. "Whatever have you done " " "Well, if ye plaze, ma'am, ye said ye would have sausages for tay.:" She had '"infused" the sausages in the teapot. 