MILLIOENT. (From our own Correspondent.) September 23. The weather since Saturday baa been the moat boisterous we have experienced for many yeais. Oa Saturday a gale waa blow ing from the south-west, accompanied by heavy showers. Oa Sanday the wind was not aa high, and thero were hopea tbe gale had blown itself ou».; but in this we were deceived, for on Monday the wind blew with almost hurricane force, and continued all day. A large amount of damage has been done to the orops, especially on the peat landa. On the Wyrie the land was in a state of commotion all the day, the wind lifting np the peat and whirling it all over the country. For hours the Wyrie waa enveloped in a dense cloud of peat. The drainB alongside are nearly fall of peat again. The peat lands at Rsndelsham did not escape the wind, which did a lot of damage to the orops and drains. I have been told that the atmosphere was BO thick with the blowing peat that it was quite dark indoors. I can believe this. Drain 21B, which is made through the peat land, is again filled to the top. Oa this drain the Distriot Council of Mount Muirhead expended over £20 last month in removing the peat, and | it is now bb bad aB ever. If I were a ratepayer of the district I would strongly objsot to the Gounail expendiog any more money removing peat from the drains until the adjaoent land holders succeed in preventing the peat blowing away. The Mayuira Council expended aboat £200 this year removing peat from the drains, and now theBe drains are nearly as bad again. The stability of our roofs and chimneys was well tried by Monday'* gile, but I have not beard of any damBge. Yesterday waB pretty j rough and very cold; to-day ib mild, with ! promise of settled weatber. The prioe of rabbits at the factory has been raised to 4d. per pair. ThiB should indnce a i larger supply than haB been obtained fot the past month or so. The Show Committee meet to-morrow, when the prize-list will be formally settled. I have not heard how the Seotional Oommitteea are getting on, but it ia to be hoped that those appointed will do their beat for their respective sections. A meeting of ladieB will be held to-morrow to make arrangements for providing the refreshments on show days in aid of the funds. The Mayarra Council ait to-morrow to reaeive the assessment made by Mr. T. Mo Court. A mild aaare is being circulated here through someone playing the ghost. Attempts have been made to lay out his ghostship wivhout avail. The readiest way to do this wonld be with a charge of rough salt. I have Been this very effectual in a similar oaae. There were no more ghosts! The Mayurra Council has decided to have distriot constables, aa the pcoteotion now given us is not enough, and the Government has time after time refused to increase tbe police here. At next meeting (10th pros) the OonnoU will appoint three constables. 