Terrible Burning Accident. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYING-PAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a batli in Pitt-street, a Mr. Juris had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr. Javis, and for a number of .veurs after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr. Javis was getting round again, and that he had had a most tnarvellouB recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a spccial re porter from the Sydney Worker was des patched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon be made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane Ultimo. Mr. Thoe. Javis was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest nu'ii in Sydney. lie was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he vas an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary question lie said:-"You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facte muy be of value to those who are stricken us I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bnd that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago nest Christmas I met with nn accident; I was badly scalded while taking a lintli in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet ut the Glebe Islands." " Wluit were the symptoms?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much us I could beur. They were for all the world like as it a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. Un the 23rd March last I saw u well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. How ever, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Iustitutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" " No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed over since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then Unit it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would c've up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium und tnophiu pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomoter ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord characterized hy pcrculiar distubances of pait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told mc that I might last for <cn years, and that I might never get tho use of my lege. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise ment describing the oure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to giro the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as mavellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there' They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was to weak to use them, and I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jnvis, who had come in and taken the babv on her knees. "The Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, for Pale People have saved his lite, and made another man of liim." A friend who called in at this point said that Javis looked ten years younger that: day tlmn lie did a fortnight previous. "lean now," continued Juris, " linvc a cold bath, and nil the feelings has conic buck into my legs. I nscribe ull the clianm1 mid benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink I'il!.-. They have saved my life. 1 uric in no p;iin now, whatever, and feel like a new mtin. On the mantlepiece there is n box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they ure, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me litis been amazed at the change in me. l'liey cun hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, mid it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing curcB wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, nleo the many disorders which arise from an impover ished Btate of the blood, such us anosmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, short ness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr T. 8. T. M'Gowen, leadcrof the Labor Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in conncction with the remarkablo case of Thomas Javis. Mr. M'G-owen Bays he lius known Javis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at G-lebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Javis ' was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his reeovery. He understood Javis was refused admission to 8ydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced in curable. Mr. M'G-owen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Javis. These wonderful pilU are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Darragli's Buildings, Queen street Brisbane, who will forward, post, paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s. 9d., or half a dozen for 15s. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 