Difference in Clives. Anyone: who has had; much experience in raiding calves has undoubtedly seen a vast differ ence in 'them. Soma ore dain ty, and) need coaxing in order ta get them to eat. They never seem to be hungry. If these calves; 'Live they do not amount to much, says a writer in "Hoard's Dairyman," and not infrequently they mope around with- cia appetite, until final ly they give up the ghost en tirely. The other and1 more de sirable kind of calf is always hungry. No matter how often you go to ber stall, she is al ways looking' for something to eat, always trying tö oatohi hold of your clothing or your finger. Unless one is exceptionally .wise, this calif is apt to get an over feeding of milk, om account, of ' her vigorous appetite, andi bowel troubles ©neue. I've got such a calf at present, and it re quires considerable Annnora to prevent hier getting mora milk than' is good for her. She seemed! so hungry when, a) very ^ little thing that the customary amount of milk was increased for her benefit, but it was mistaken' kflnduees, for excessive looeeneaa of the bowels set in, wMctil was hard to check. We succeeded] in bring'nig her out all ' right, however, om bolled milk ira small quantities and plroity of raw eggs. I would like ta know what Is oonsidei ed the best remedy for scours, caused, of course, by indiges tion, usually due to over-feed lng. It'daquibe a nie»matter to decide, juiit the amoun t gradually, as they can bear it. Over-feeding is more injurious than under-feeding, and when we sell a calf we always warn the purchaser against feeding too much milk at a time. Those accus tomed to shorthorns are most apt to err in feeding the little Jerseys. Hay should be given as soon as the animal will pick at it, and ground oats and bran, in small quantities, can be fed to good ad vantage almost from the first. A cow is the last creature one would expect to see with earrings, yet every cow in Belgium has to wear them. The Director-General of Agri culture has issued a regulation that all animals of the bovine species are to wear earrings as soon as they have attained the age of 3 months. This is a hygienic measure, intended to prevent the introduction into Belgium of animals suffering from tuberculosis. The fruitgrowers of California have begun to build, canneries in order to provide against a great waste of fruit which takes place every year and which is a dead loss except where the surplus goes to feed pigs. This is a wise move, and one which orchardists here will in a short time have ,to consider. Much fruit is wasted every year by carelessness, where a little capital judiciously in vested would pay well for the men who furnish it. 