THE HEIRESS. BY Mrs. ANNE S. STEPHENS. CHAPTER XLYI1.— Continued. MY LOST FRIEND AND MY LOST HOME. In these old walls, Zana, should your ' court have hern ; these great oaks cloth inp; the nplands, should have sheltered a thousand tents. Oh, Zana, we would . have built up a little kingdom here in ? -'the midst of onr enemies. Why did you not have that will signed Zana? It was lor this we brought you back to England ; '—for this you ;have- been left among her destroyers so' long.' ' Hush !' I sitid, sliuddering — ' hush! I dare pot think of it. Great heavens, '-were all his estates mine at this moment, I would give them to forget the death ;8&iD.e.;, , Thank God, he did not sign ftlAfl Will .1' ' ? ' Bah ! it was a bad move — but let that drop. Granada is still open, and Papita!s gold w.ill do wonders among onr people there I' 'But they are ignorant, . rude un taught. 1 My poor mother pined among them, even before Lot d Glare came to tui;n her discontent into aversion.' ' ' ' But they are capable of learning — thpy will follow Pepita's child in all things. She has but to will it, and the young ones of her tribe can be wise and , deeply leajd as their queen.' This idea filled me with a new life. Yes, I might be the means of improving , this 'wild race. Perhaps God had permitted me to ba spurned and cast forth like a rabid dog from among the gentiles, that I might become a bene factor to the Caloes. Surely they coald not deal more treacherously by me than ' my father's people had .done. These thoughts were succeeded by a remem brance of; Cora, aiid: they gave way before tbe great duty that I had; imposed on myself. ' Chaleso,' I said, with energy and ddcision, ' there iB yet something for me to do.here,, I had a friend ' ? j- rr He interrupted me. ' I kn'ow the parson's daughter, a little golden-haired, blue-eyed thing, that will always do a cnua. , xou win nna ner — for what 1' . i . ' ' That she may return to her father — that she may be saved,' I answered. 'Nay, nay, let her go. What has Papita's child ' in common, with this . traitress? -What is there worth loving in one who would become the victim of wily boy like' that?' i f felt the blood rush to my forehead at tbis scornful mention of the man. I had loved with all the fervor of my mother's \- ? ritce, and all the pride of his. But w'aB he not a traitor ? How could [ resent it, though the swarthy ..gipsy did revile him? ' Bat the amger I dared not form in; words broke out in decision of purpose. 'Stay with ma— help me till I find Cora— till I send an assurance of her marriage back to that broken-hearted : man,' and I will then go with you to Granada.' ... Heart ^'and soul?' questioned the . g«p«y- . ' Heart and soul !'' I replied, ' You will abandon these people ?' ' If you insist, I will.' . . ' Then let u« linger.' ' But) where — how ?'' I questioned. ' What course can we take 1' That which they took— the way to Scotland.' ' Let us start at once,' I cried, fired vitk a thouaand conflicting feelings, in . which there was jealousy, doubt, and a generous dssire to rescue my friend ; but m/ limbs gave; way beneath all his eager ness, and I fell back gasping for breath. 'Not now — you must have rest, poor child,' said the gipsy, smoothing my hair with his palms. I dre w bpek, recoiling from a repetition of, the mysterious influence which had possessed me the last time I was in that room. 'Do you fear me — me, Chaleco.?' he ?aid, -with saddened eyes. ' No j but let me act independently — let my brain be clear, my limbs free— let ' my own will control me— none other . shall 1' ? He ; smiled quietly, and kept his \- softened eyes fixed on mine. I began to ' struggle against 'the drowsiness that 'pbtses8ed. me ; my eyelashes fell together, and I could muster neither strength nor wish , to open them. A languid repose ' stole over my limbs — I did not awake, till morning, and . then Chaleco stood before 910,' holding an aniiiaue chin- cup ?nd saucer in his band full of smoking chocolate. t 'Drink!' he said, raking open the Ambers ; . ' htre ate roasted eggs and bread— they will give you strength.' I . ttiok ' the- cup. ' ' Wb.eii shall we . ,start?' I iksldtd, eager to commence my ?earch for. Cora.. 'Not till after nightfall,'' was the ?' reply ; ' one day of entire rest you must ? have. Besides, it will not do for us to v travel so near Gfreenborst by daylight.' -My heart fell. at the thought that no one would trouble themselves about us —no one would except old Turner, and secrecy' was the only kindness I could render him. After I had breakfasted, Chaleco left me, and all day long I wandered through tbe vast desolation of that, old building, as a ghost might haunt the vaulted pis* sages of a catacomb. -The reaqtion of all the exciting scenes I had passed through was upon me, and with dull apathy I strolled through those desolated chambers, regardless of all that would, in another state of mind,, have filled my brain with the keenest! emotions. Everything was so still in! the old houae— the sunbeams . that came; through .the windows were so dulled1 with accumulated dust upon the glass, that, I seemed gliding through a cloudy twilight, quietly as a shadow, and almost as lifeless. T literally cared for nothing; my heart beat so sluggishly that I could hardly feel life within me. Now I re fflembered every object in the old house with perfect distinctness. Then every thing ran together like an incoherent dream. Night came, and then I began to won der about Chaleco, who bad been absent all day. I had no apprehension, and but little anxiety ; nothing jasb then seemed important enough for me to care about. I thought even of my father's death-bed with a Bort of solid gloom. . ljiicea nign- up among cne oia trees, and opening both to the east and west, tbe turret in which t sat took the last sunbeams in a perfecb deluge, as they broke against the tall windows and shed their golden wealth ull around me. I knew that these bright flashes came from behind Greenhurst, and that I might never see it more. This saddened me a little, and a throb of pain was gathering in my bosom when Cbaleco came in. I did not know him at first, so completely was he changed. The broad sombrero, the tarnished gold and embroidery of his gipsy habliments were all gone. A suit of quiet brown, with knee-buckles of gold and leggings of drab cloth, such as the better classes of England wore on their, journeys at that time, had quite trans figured him. : His coal-black beard was neatly trimmed, and though his flashing eyes and peculiar features bespoke foreign blood, no one would have suspected him of being the picturesque vagrant he had appeared in the morning. ' Well,' he said, cheerfully, 'are you rested and quite ready to start ? I have been making inquiries.' ' Do you still intend going to Scot land ?' I naked. ' What have you found out 1' f To be Continued.) 