A Retrograde Intention. Mr. Copeland seems bent upon the re opening of public houses on the Lord's Day, and has already given notice in Parliament of the introduction of a bill to give effect to his intentions. Whether he will succeed or not remains to be seen. One thing, however, is very evident, and that is, that publicans and brewers appear to be unusually hopeful of success. With such ardent cham pions of the drink traffic to lead them as Messrs. Copeland and Reid have shown themselves to be, they count upon a speedy return to Sunday grog-selling, regardless of every consideration of religion or morality. Mr. Copeland, of course, would have the community believe that there is a public need for the measure he is so anxious to pass. It is the poor ' working man 'he ia so concerned about — the man who cannot bridge the hiatus between Saturday night and Monday morning without the help of astimulant! His 'poor man' has no cellar in which to keep a barrel of beer, and Mr. Copeland cannot endure the thought of the special object of his sympathy having to carry home a bottle on Saturday night if he wants one for his Sunday dinner 1 Nothing will meet the views of this broad-minded, enlightened statesman but an open public house at every corner, on the Sabbath, in which, free from the cares and responsibilities of family and home, his type of ' poor man ' may enrich the publican by his own degradation and ruin. Now, it is high time that the com munity taught a politician of Mr. Copeland's type to understand that such a thin veneering of professed regard for the working man over so palpable an effort to serve the brewer and the publican will not deceive anybody. Mr. Copeland's bill is nothing more nor less than an attempt to serve a class of men who can succeed only in pro portion to the degree in which their victims are impoverished and im bruted. If Mr. Copeland feels called upon to champion the cause of the publican, let him be open and honest enough to say so, and not attempt to hide the godlessness of his proposed measure behind a feigned regard for the working man. His attempt will un doubtedly secure for him the publican's vote, but not the vote of a working man worthy of the name. If he succeeds in his intentions he will more than counter balance the service he lias in other ways rendered to the country, and will win for himself the unenviable distinction of having replaced upon our Statute Book a provision for the encouragement of combined drunkenness and Sabbath desecration. Mr. Copeland's attempt to legalize public grog- selling on the Sabbath, brands him either as a reckless, time-serving politician, or as utterly short-sighted and incompetent. If it be assumed that he is honestly desirous of conferring some supposed benefit upon the working man — that is upon the working man who loves public-houses and Sabbath-drinking, where does con sideration come in for those who regard the Sabbath as a sacred day, and whose Sabbath rest and worship are jeopardised by the traffic in strong drink? On which horn of the dilemma does Mr. Copeland elect to be impaled? Is he really hoping to serve his own political purposes by serving the publican ? Or does he suppose that the sober, church going part of the community has no rights or interests to be conserved ? However, we are not so much con cerned with Mr. Copeland's political motives as with the welfare of the community as a whole ; and we are confident that the opening of public-houses on the Sabbath would be a retrograde step which would obstruct the Christian religion and lower public morality. We are well aware that the law as it now stands is repeatedly violated, and that this violation of the law has been winked at by legislators who pose as the saviours of the country. But it is a thousand times better that it should be even thus than that a crime against Heaven should be embodied and authorized by Act of Parliament. Though legislators wink at the viola tion of the present law against Sunday trading in drink, so long as it is on our Statute Book it is law and is a perpetual condemnation if not a pun ishment of the evil doer. It is better that law-breakers should have to skulk into back doors and up un* frequented allies to get drink, if a Government recreant to its trust permits them to do so, than that the publican should boldly open his frontdoor and in the name of law invite men and women to besot themselves on the Sabbath day. And it is time for the Christian public to speak with united voice on this question. Members of Parlia ment who have any regard for the highest ? welfare of the country ought to block this measure at every stage, and the Christian public, by corres pondence in the daily press, by petition, and by public demonstration, and depu tations, should make Parliament wary of accepting this vile proposal. In the July number of the A Successful Wesleyan Methodist Maga Year. ^»lci there is a lengthy article from the pen of the Rev. J. Telford entitled 'A Year's Work.' In briefest form the many and marvellous energies of British Metho dism are recounted, and the results for the year gathered up. ' Old tasks,'* says Mr. Telford, ' are being done with fresh zeal and courage ; new enterprises are being faced with a confidence kindled not only by faith and prayer, but nerved by success won in other fields.' Foreign Missions hold the pride of place in this recital, and an increase of income is reported, the result of the deepening throughout the Connexion of the mis sionary spirit. Then came Home Mis sions, a department in which notable successes have been won. The Central Missions — London, Liverpool, Manches ter, Leeds, Edinburgh, and the other great towns — have splendid tales to tell ; the Chapel Committee, Children's Home, Educational Department, Theological Institution, and other Connexional en terprises — parts of a machinery neces sary to a living, active, and growing Church — present reports that tell o£ unabated energy, increased support, and encouraging success. . „ , Concerning the Manches * Sai'JIe ter Mission, this is Mr. from tne Teiford's summing up for the year : ' Every year has been marked by rapid increase and consolidation, but the last year surpasses all that preceded it in growth of mem bership, spiritual life, and aggressive work. There are now seven centres where services are held every Sunday, four shelters and homes, with labour yard* a cheap food depot, omces lor advising and helping the destitute in connection with the Labour Bureau, and systematic effort for the rescue of fallen women, maternity home, and prison-gate mission. It would be diffi cult to name a district in the city which the mission workers do not influence, or any kind of rescue, preventive, or evan gelistic work in which they are not engaged. In workhouse, hospital, mill, warehouse, foundry, lodging-house, pub lic thoroughfare and back street, Sunday School, ragged school, hall, and chapel there are organised efforts to save the people.' Christly work of this kind is bound to tell for good anywhere. We commend this report to the considera tion of the committee on Methodist Aggression in Sydney. No- better illustration of New ' the need of a federated Guinea. Australia could b? given than that furnished by the position of the proposed New Guinea 'land grab.' The Premiers of the Eastern colonies have cabled to England a joint protest against the ratification of the proposed concession, and the senti ment of Australia is unquestionably at the back of the action they have takeni Even in the ample area of New South Wales we have illustrations of the baneful effect of land monopoly. Huge blocks are held to the exclusion of popu lation, and broad acres are given over as sheep walks that ought to be put under cultivation — lands than which, perhaps, there are none more fertile in all Aus tralia. Better by far that the develop ment of New Guinea should be slow, and its colonization be left to the next century, than that a small syndicate of monopolists should be granted a legal right to appropriate the material advan tages of the devotion of the missionary and the heroism of the explorer. There need be no hurry. New Guinea will be opened up and settled as soon as natural necessity arises. Time may safely be trusted to take care of itself. The conclusion to which Wanted— each writer in our recent More Fire I symposium on City Methodism arrives, is that whatever differences of opinion there may be amongst us as to Church methods, we are all at one that our greatest need after all is a general spiritual awakening. 'Whether or no we are to see Missions or Circuits to the fore in the city centres, falls before the higher question, 'Shall we have a baptism of the Holy Ghost ?' Theo retically, we all admit that to be the present pressing need of New South Wales Methodism. But, can we get it ? if not, why not ? If it be possible, then on what ^lines ? We beg very respect fully to suggest to the Methodist Aggression Committee the consideration of this as by far the most important problem that can come before it for solution. Oh for wise heads in that Committee to show us how the Church can be led straight up to the place of fire! God n ever creates any thing Deliverance by halves. If the generally Coming. expressed dissatisfaction with things as they are, comes from God, then we may trust Him for speedy light and leading as to our method of deliverance. That such deliverance is coming we are as certain as that the sun shines. We are not anxious as to the how or the where. In all probability it will come in a way never dreamt of in our Committees or Synods. One thing is certain, we 'must go to our knees. We shall 'have a widespread sweeping revival when we are prepared to pay the price. And not until then. If we may venture to advise the important Com mittee on Aggression, we hope that this most important of facts will tie faced, and at once. Many of our ministers and people are restless and anxious about our future. Let them be called together for prayer. An old-fashioned Methodist watch-night such as was frequently held by Wesley himself, an ' all night spent upon the mountain ' : real self sacri ficing, pleading, wrestling, continued prayer, will mean the coming of a wave of blessing to our Circuits that will lift our connexion as no reports of Com mittees or votes of Conferences can ever raise them. The present call of God, we feel certain, is a call to prayer. 