;'SUMMER SCHOOL AT MORNINGTOI{ The first embodiment of the Ameriosn summer scdhdol idea in Australasia has taken place, and i? -morrow will see. its close; and apart from any commercial benefii which "nyjie derived. from- its presence, the people of the peninsula should feel hig'hlp honored-first; as Victorians. that this colony-was cho-en arthv one in whibchto hold the school and secondly, tliat E:-Mornington Should" he 'chosen out of all the beauty spots in all. the colonies as the rendezvous for .this gatheriiig:' The'Point has been. a veritab'e seat of earning during the 'week, and the very atmosphere 'should by now ble steeped by the influence' of gems from dead limgages and such a highly mioral tone as will make, emula tion the despair of sister towns in the colony. The tuccess of the ,summer school " marks an epoch in the religious life of the students of Australasia, and we.can. have little doubt. buotthat the institution will extend in .its. ramifica tions and become an annual necessity 'of. all those who are qualifying in our -univrsities--o ndo?ther - centres '-of learning, for future citizenship of Australia Felix. THE RECEPTION. .Whoen it was decided that the "summer school ", should meet there, the residents of Mornington determined to show their appreciation of the value df the movement by. according its members a welcome. A representative committee, consisting of the Revs. J. Caldwell, W. EI. Holtbtam; Crs. Nunn (president of the shire), Irvine, J.P.. Walker, Holcomb and Worrell, and Messrs. Crooks, Moors, C.E.,' Grover, Sherlock, Hicks, and McLellan, with the Rev. J. S. Woods as secretary, was appointed to arrange the welcome, and the result of their efforts must have been 'very gratifying to the recipients. Bright and multi-coloured bunting was hung across the railway gates and the main street at the Mechanics' Institute, and was also dis played from other vantage grounds in the vicinity, giving the town quite a holiday appearance. "TEE WELCOME TEA" was the piece de resistance of the com mittee's efforts, however, and the success of this event was, as might be readily supposed, very largely con tributed to by the ladies of the town and district. This was held on Friday evening, and the hall prior to the seating of the guests presented a very artistic appearance. Flags were hung transversely across the building, whilst the tables, laden with the delicate confections of the pastrycook, were prettily decorated, chiefly with white marguerites and maiden hair fern. We do 'not say, however, that this wkas a case " Where every prospect pleases, And only man is vile.'" . --.----- But the influx o¬- the- guests;-marred 'the symmetrical beauty of the repast whilst imparting to it fresh charms of another kind. The ladies predominated without a doubt, and although the word "man" might, so far as their scholastic training had 'ben concernel,he a point of littlejmportance in the curriculum, we could not but feel sorry that the proprieties did not see that there was a little more judicious mingling of the sexes. However; the tea was very enjoyable, and the tables' were grace. fully presided over by Meadames Nounn, Hepburn. Walker, Kerr, Stooke, Worrell, Cook, McLellan, Kirkpatrick, Everard; Misses Nounn. Kirkpatick, .Caldwell, McLellan. Crooks, McRae, McRoberts ami others. It was an nounced that everything at the conven tion was to be run " on time," and even the tea was conducted on this principle, the longing looks of certain disciples of Epicurus (of course of the masculine gender) at the dainties being in some cases quite pathetic. It devolved upoe' Mr; W. Crooks to welcome the unlon to Mornington. This he did with graceful tact and ability. He was sure that the institu tion of the summer school would result in great permanent ,good to all the students who were'connected with the movement, as well as the people of Mornington and the surrounding dis tricts who participated in the meetings which would be held throughout the session. The school comprised repre sentatives froim all the important'seats of learning in the colonies. and even the Dominion of Canada was repre sented. He hoped they would one and all have their highest and brightest anticipations fully realised, and on behalf of the people of Mornington heartily welcomed them to their midst. (Applause). - Mr. Downward, 1.L.A.,' also wel comed the students. He was pleased to know that the seats of learning were endeavouring by the' establishment of christian centres to turn out citizens of the highest and noblest calibre: When he looked .round and saw the large number of. lady studentspresent and considered how they were' advancing in all' dep trtments' of -learning, it· was evident that the restrictions which had benr placed upon them: in regard to the exercise of the franchise ;should be removed. (Applause)': K?owledge was the power which had. ddmtnated the human race since the' beginning of 'the world's hitory; ~ind he~ felt that 'the result of the simmer school would bhe a great gain to those who took part :ini it. (Appnsuse). The [:R'r. ev . S. ':Woods. wh'o .wai= received with sBstmttned applaute, th~eh read the following address of welcome:' To toe members of the AS C.U. Ladies and gentlemeine On behalf oif the: residents l of IMornington- we - desire .to 'express-ob.r piensure at your having'-chosen thistowa: as the meeting plae of.the first Ausi.r al asian Summer Shool.'. :..:: sWe recognise tLa importaonee and.,ih-' rique interest of this gathering, offering.'. as it des, to students' frdomidelydifferent piarts of kthese so ut?.er colones., o et amnnated by kindred purposes, an oppor. Itnmty of l seat ra~;spitit~~oiru.Si&i5; conferring, together upon some of those subjects that deeply affect the intellectual and spiritual life. :We 'sincerely trust that each one will be much invigorated by his short stay amone-us; and that all:will .gain, the strength .'nd stimulus that comes from the association in such :agood cause as that for which' your union is established. We trust also you willhave a very happy week; that pleasant weather` may contribute to your enjoyment of the natural beauties of the district, and that in days to come your memories of Mornington will be altogether agree able. We wish in anticipation to thank you for the benefit which we ar~sure will result to our town and its neighbourhood from your visit, and especially for the courtesy shown in throwing open your daily meetings to all who mats wish to attend them. - Assuring you of our very cordial wel "come.and desire to promote. ii every possible way the object of your visit. we are, ladies and gentlemen, very sincerely yours. Signed on behalf of residints of Mornington-Tas. Celdwell. Prestyterian minister'; W. H, Holtham, 'esleyan minister; J. S. Woods, Church of England minister. . Mr. H. B. Barraclough (Sy -ey), president of the Australasin Chrian Students' Union, replied, and expr-sed the deep sense 'of apprecia;ion ?i ch the members felt toward' the eon.of ?Mortliugtori for t&-Wiiinsomed in which 'they had been received and the kind sentiments expressed ln the artistic address presented toF them. With respect to the homage paid to the ladies, he felt that if any sf them desired to usurp his position 1st that time he would got be at all jealous. (Laughter). Regarding the nvsit of this first summer school at Mornington. he might say, that Mr, Salmon and himself had travelled all 'ever the colonies looking for a place which would suit their requirements, and were almost in despair when it was suggested that they should look at Mornington, and he wasipleased to say that after seeing. Mornigton they had not thought of anyieother place. (Applause). There were' people who no.doubt wondered who aid what they were. It was an age of specialization in christian as well as in other work. This movement had originated in America some 20 years agu. Christian unions which were "the centre of every good influence were established in con nection with the various universities; but it was not until 3 years ago that the idea was given effect .to in any way in Australia. when the movement was started in Victoria by Mr. J. R. Mott. Since then it had advanced rapidly. It was of the highest impo'tance .to students, and the establishment of ' summer schools " were to show the value of having a sound mind in a sound body. On behalf of the union he again thanked the people of Mor nipgton very sincerely for the great kindness shown them in the magnificent' welcome provided. (Applause). THE AFT* MEETING was crowded to the doors by the students and toinspeople. who could kgo armission,s rofessor -Hairpe' presided, and' the. inging was led by an impromptu ch r. The chairman pressed the great pleasure which it g.ve him to open the frst summer school of the Australasian Students' Union. ' It was but a small plant, but he hoped it would grow and fill the whole land. The Rev. W. H. Holtham gave' a short and forceful address (the speakers, indeed, were limited to ten minutes) on the subject of Consecration of the Body. Though the aim of the union was intensely spiritual, it was not intended that the summer school should be a gloomy holiday, but that all would be drawn nearer together 'and imbibe new views of truth and be 'the better for their coming. He commended the value of healthy recreative exercise. There were those who considered all such pastimes as of the devil, but he hoped they would show manly and womanly character in all their sport and recreation. In the students' days there were possibilities of making great mistakes which would mar future use fulness. There were natural laws which they could not break with impunity. They might offend against God or their fellow men and he for given, but nature never fory.,wv. though they offended perhaps in irnorance. The body was the instru,,.+nn of the mind, and the key or t l,.g and useful life lay in the pono.,,'.-, of a 'sound frame. The mind ahd body were united in the fall, and they should be joined together in the great work of redeup ton. "' I beseech you, therefore,, that ye present your bodies, a lividg sacrifice," said the apostle Pa il. Keep pure, follow temperance, sobriety and chastity, and. remember that 'yoni bodies are the temples of the Hol Ghost. One of the' best' thligs aloi. this line was to have plenty of exercis' Asceticism was not enjoined by Chri and if' they allowed Him 'into :ever department of life, eveni their. pl, would be worship. The Rev. J. Caldwell prefaceda fa remarks on the subject ot the Codse nraton of the Intellect by a furlier welcome to the students, Morningion had entertained spme very distinguihied visitors; almost every governor nho had served his time in Victorki (lauht~er)--had visited the plae.but there nad never. been a visit which had excited half the enthqsiasm tl]. the advent of the .summer schqof had cieated emonget the residents. In tbhen they repognised the discifies rof learniing :which had enriched thehuman iace far more: ti'an gold or silvr." But learnmg must have some corretive, or giide: and they shonid- first woek the wisdomh whigh came froi .higher q"uarter: than ii.mer. huan' devices. The professors had not come with a rod to correct them; atnd- thlere would b'e a fair slirde of arnid pleasere; which was to be commended. ButlIe truested thdeir progress gin learning y'uld lead them7 to aspr rf ns o? ari:ther and a bietter. World : Th?b ?resent mi~oementi shovwe.d: thte .reltgoi-on shoild not , be alieniated a frd; ~ ilearnaihg, :andisthat -i o btatesshould s'hUit? out from its public word' f God provided .examples of this, and- Jesus Christ was the highest example which they could follow.. TheRaev. J. S. Woods spoke on the Consecration of the Spiritual Faculties. In his young days he had learned from a gratimar tlat a wise-and' good man was a perfect man. . " Crowns and thrones might perish, Kingdoms rise and wane," but Christ remained, and in christianity gave a power to combat the forces ao the world. They should set before others` the principle that holiness was greater than learning. It was not by physical force or intellectual genuis, but bh holiness that the Kingdom of Christ was advanced, and whilst the learned Apollos is almost lost to us, Paul stands out as a champion of Jesus Christ. If ever therewas a man who united bodily powers :with intellectual ability and piety it was W. .E. Gladstone. (Applause). He rejoiced in the good. work which the union iwas doing throughout the, land.. They should begin their lives well, nail their colors ro the mast, and not give God the dregs of their lives. By consecrating their lives to him they were bound to be bles'?ed. Archdeacon .LaUley.. said _if.:he Christian life meant anything it meant cohsecration-nothing less than a per feet consecration, and entire submission to the will of God. It was well to.be. gin wish the body, which could be seen. A man's soul could not be seen, but his body-the garment of the soul could. They were perhaps all ready to be heroes by and by, but what was wanted wai the consecration of every day life, in the commercial life, in the professional life, in the legislative life. The great snare to men of great genius was intellectual pride and they were apt to say "I know everything" and the shores of history were covered with these intellectual wrecks. The body possessed wonderful power, and as to theachievements of the mind they might well wonder what was coming next, but both needed to be bronught under the power of Christ to be useful in the l'igi!lmt sense. If this were done there would be none of that unsymmetrical christianity which was so much spoken of, The gathering chlosed with the bene diction. The summer school continued in session during the week, and will close to-morrow. NMeetings of various kinds were held every morning and in the evening. Special addresses were given by the various professors end divines present, The afternoon was devoted to sport ef all available kinds-tennis, cricket, boating. cycling, fishing, walk ing, etc, and the township was rendered very lively by their presence. The school breaks up to-morrow, when the members depar. by train and boat for their homes. On Sunday a special service was held In the park after the ordinary church services, being. con ducted hby Archdeacon L.angley.. . 