Rory Lynch. BY JOSEPH SMITH. Rory Lynch was born in the little fishing village of Duncleary , that straggles along Clew Bay , in the Country of Mayo, in Ireland . The Irish peasantry are as fond of nicknames as the Latins, and Rory was better known as Rory the Rover, Red Rory , Rory the Fox, than he was by the name he inherited from his Hosidrs : r- Ms • ),-, Wory rovHMN od father and received at the baptismal font, the variants being tributes to his vagrant, seafaring life and the brilliant hue of his hair. Beside his name, Rory recieved from his father a heritage of hate — a fierce feud with the Rich Hamiltons, whose lands touched the starveling farm of the The original Hamilton and Lynchs. founder of the family was an ex-drummer of a Scotch marching regiment, who first appeared in Duncleary a few years before the '98. This Hamilton— he was called Alpin— acquired a competence by thrift and other less admirable means : and during the Rebellion, while he was Lord Duncleary's land agent succeeded,the 1! amil{oiis man a li > send ma 11 v a I A'lieh over the and a captain of yeomanry , he sent many a man to the gallows at Castlebar, and, among the rest, Condon Lynch, Rory's great-grand- father. In the generations that succeeded, the Hamiltons managed to send many a Lynch over the sea — either a fugitive to America or a convict to Botany Bay. And while the fires of hatred burned briskly as the years went on, the Hamiltons went on thriving, and the Lynchs grew poorer and more desperate, The long record of wrongs done to his kin was dinned into Rory's ears, and he drank in hatred for the Hamiltons with his mothers's milk. He hated them cordially , and as a lad he had vigorously thrashed Alpin and Walter, the two sons of old " Black" John Hamilton. Anxious to be rid of such pestilent and uncomfortable neighbors, the Hamiltons offered to buy the Lvnch farm for a good price, but Rory rejected their offer with scorn and insult. But rid of the Lynchs, by fair means on foul, the Hamiltons swore to be ; and as they were rich and politically influential, and Providence is usually on the side of the heaviest artillery, the outcome of the struggle was not doubtful. Rory Lynch, with true Irish conservatism, followed the ways of his father ; but, being shrewder and more industrious, he acquired in time a half ownership in the fishing smack Blackbird, which had the reputation of being the smartest craft of her kind from the Bloody Foreland to Dingle. Gossip had it that the Blackbird went to the French coast oftener than she did to the mackerei- grounds, and the excisemen were very anxious to overhaul her cargoes ; but as the smack came and went back at unseasonable hours the custom—house men were never able to fix a charge of smuggling against the boat. Time and again, under the urgings of Squire Hamilton, the " guagers" spread a net for the feet of the smuggler ; but the Red Fox was awake, and not to be caught. But though balked, the snarers were not beaten, and Lanty Latinigan, Hamilton's water bailiff, spent many an hour racking his sly train to arrange baits to trap Rory. At last Lannigan found a man in Castebar who was willing to help the Hamiltons te land Rory in the clutches of the law ; and this rogue struck a bargain with the owners of ties Blackbird for the delivery of a few kegs of French brardy in the cove a few miles below Duncleary . When the appointed night came, Walter Hamilton, a squad of police, a couple of excsemen, Lanty Lannigan, and the man from Castlebar were in waiting near the cove, like spiders for their flies. But in some way the thing leaked out, and while Rory's friends could not reach htm to warn him of the trap, they went down to the landing, unknown to the officers, to take a hand in the light that was inevitable. Near midnight the Blackbird came gliding up the bay like a ghost, and slipped into the cove (o the j landing place ; but her anchor was j hardly in the weeds when there j was a rush by the officers to get j aboard, L Ft by Walter 1 lamilton. Lory's friends too went for the | Blackbird with a roar, and a very j pretty light was the result, heads j being cracked with zeal and thr | silence being broken by oalhs and | pistol shots. When over and a inventory was taken, it was Hamilton's face was jelly, Lynch had es< the fight was , oi damages found una shed that to n aped Lo the lulls, and Sergeant Clancy, of the constabulary was lying dead on the landing. Willi astonishing assurance Lannigan volunteered the information that Lynch had shot Clancy, though evervbody knew Lore never carried a. more deadly weapon tlm 11 a salnum -A irk. ; The dead man was carried (,>: .1 )unelear\, and ( hnrc wa* a hueiUid-evy !«• iU)V\ (.vne.h. Iiii.,.:. ! man took t<: tw • -mi u :(; j heather,, a ,d "uii lii-i jw.^inV' > no I uaekbird wa Liu amis 1, 1 tkeauthonties, and oi > of IHT crew, a, p,„, > r ( . a l] r( l (hvi'an. under t lie judiemms c ''• 1 '«'tnngati, was ready > to swear (daney's murder on Korv Lynch, l»'"Vidrd he conld save ' his ' neck > :mi! liberty. As he was guaranteed h"lh, and money (Miougii to carry , l " > 11 to America, a warrant for 11!l| , 'der was, issued, alter the coroner's > inquest had duly iixed theernno on Korv. When (his M ; ' NV;; renened him in > bis hidingbp" H • he b'sri:ed that a price hundred pomsjs was on hi* head. > Kory realised that the sooner he was out of Ireland the better, !"»'. us be > put; it himself, " Wance in the clutches of the law in Connemara, I'd as > soon thrust me sowl lo (he keepin' av the divil as n;e lu'ck to > CounscllorCoffey an' a Castle ha,)' jury." So be slipped across country one, > dark night and went aboard a boat bound for Fristol ; and the day he landed > there he had the Oueen's shilling in his list, the recruiting sergeant > snapping him up as a pike does a worm. Wnen bis beard was shaved and his > hair cut and he had donned a red coat, there was hardly a man in Dun- deary would have reeogni&ed; the hshermaii in Private Cronin of the •F.tii toot. Inside of a month his regiment sailed from Portsmouth on the Croodile, bound for India; and when the oceans rolled between him and the land of his birth, Kory began to breathe freely. Tho loss of his prey deeply chagrined John .Hamilton, who eased his feelings hy sending full account of the affair to his son, the gallant Major Alpin 1 humlfon, theni Lanty Lannigan In.moaned his ill luck and wondered what bole the Led Fox had crawled into; while Walter Hamilton kept the house lor a month, when he came out with his face, permanently disfigured and his heart full of'wrath and hate Meanwhile the drill sergeant had licked the fall fisherman into a straight fine-looking soldier, and one that Captain Markham looked on with special favor. Then tho F>th was pushed up north and west, and sent to broil and stew in the cantonments of Feshawur, where Kory grew homesick and longed for the green lulls of Duneleary. I bit longing did little good, for hot, swelteringFeshawur was always before bis door, and in his minds',s eye were Walter I lamilton, the. Queen's counsellor, Flo bewigged fudge and the packed jury ; so he put away all thoughts <•1 home and cursed behind' his teeth. ( days giew into weeks and | months, and then came thesecond stage m I lory's wanderings, and that is best told in bis own way. " The hate an' the (lies wor dhnvm' us to dislh faction an' murdher in that divil's hole av a eaiitoonment, whin along kem adhrove of commissioners an' naygurs an' elepleui's an' camels an' the devil's own roost of cravchures;an' out we marched bag an' baggage into the hills, where iL_ was cool, thankin' the devil at bis mercy. Three hundhred av the loth worsint as a guard, meself T among the rest, to guard the O commissioners, an' we wor boun' E for Candahar or some other such place, to have a collogtiin' match with a king or a lajah, an' to lave him know that av he didn't sbtop fightin' for the Kooshuns we'd be a ft her cuttm' his black throat. Sorra much cared I for the Looshuns or the rajah, for glad I was to git out av the hot hole an' into the mountains, where I could breathe God's air an' life, " Well, four days out we wor reinforced by two squadhrons of naygur lancers tinder command av Major Alpin Hamilton, the W M brother of Walther, an' the son of ouId black John. Me heart w?s m me mouth : but thin i thought that changed as I was an' the longyears since he seen me, sbtire he'd never know me. He rode along our line, cockin' his eye at us ; but I didn't thrust him, an' I shlipped in among the camels out av his way. "Well, for days I dodged him, playin' hide and seek but at last he foun' me. " We wor camped be the side av a brook wan day, an' I had pone out undher a big three back av the camels to be be meself and smoke, an' as I was lukkin' out at the blue;mountains an' dhramin' av me poor ould father an' mother j back in Mayo, a ban' was laid on me showldher, an' him that owned the ban' said, ' So I've foun' ye. at last, have I, Lory Lwieh?' " An' lie lafled as eowld an' cruel as the bastes in the hills. I knew it was Alphin Hamilton, an' though me face paled an' me heart stud still, I d have died there in me thfacks rather than lot wan av his black breed see the sign of the craven in me, or have it to say that a Lynch flinched him. 1 faced right about like a sojer. saluted him stiff an' proud, an' hikkin' him in the eye, j sez 1 to him, ' Av it's lukkin' 'for ! me ye wor, so!, I'm found ; for i ! ' u Lo nin, was a Re i (• a. a it, a isw ' »; 1;;; •: i'-e luck ! \\\ hell I : k in Dimclearv.' : Ijyneli, scy. iaj. II en-si^e ye'll 'y soon enouu'ii, \\\ ai i'Miil a warm v/elcoup; lVuin Liu. luu,"iiian.' T F I kep' me timper, for be wa* a Major, an' Kory Lynch a private sojer ; but 1 knew'I'd be under his black bide before we wor done eolloguin\ " ' Well, sor,' so/, 1, talkin' slow an' aisy,' there's been hangmen and I la.mill.ons in Mayo ibis many a, day, and Lynches have swung on the gallows-three, but there's naiher hemp nor hangmen in Castlebar for me. I know there's wan law for tlu Lynches an' anol.be ( ) r the drummer's get ; but ark me, Major 11 amilton, av 1 die he the. perjury av a Hamilton <>i" wan of their dirty followin', me debt will bo paid in fuil av there's powdhcr an' ball in Ireland. But 1 think sor, I'll die a nacheral death, like any sojer, ayther in bed or battle.' Yer a loose-tongued blaggard Lynch,' sez the major, his face white with passion.' FBut kape yer Irish tongue back av yer teeth here Yell need all your breath when Jack Ketch puts the rope on ye in Castlebar.' " ' Time enough to bid the divil good-morrow when ye meet him, sor,' se/, I, me lingers itehin' to squeeze his throat. ' But whether it's here or beyant the say, be 1 sure I'll die as we always died, a man, as becomes the son av an honest woman.' " Then his eyes blazed, for he knew I was talkin' back to Dundeary's lav ins that married the first Hamilton; an' dhrawin' backbe struck me in the mouth with his ndm' whip, sayin' as he did, ' Take that, ye scoundhrcl, an' mark my words, back ye'U go to Ireland to hang for the murder of Clancy.' " Cod only knows how I kept me ban's off'him ; but I wiped me mouth with me ban' slow an' quiet, an thin I said, 'A sojer may not strike back at ins shuperior officer, even whin lie's a cowardly dog; but plaze God the day is comin' whin I'll wear another coat, an' then ye'll answer to me for that blow.' " His face got wdiite, an' he turned an' loft me.I laned against the three, (it to ^ry, I was" that wake, an' only kem to meself when [ heard Captain Markham sayin', " So yer name is Lynch, is it, an' not Cronin? That's me name, sor, sez I ' It wasn't eonvanient to have me own on the rigimintal rosther.' "'Quite so,' sez he, smilin\ ' I didn't intind to listen to yer talk with Major .Hamilton; but the fact is I was asleep there under the bushes whin yez woke me up with yer Connemarra riminiseenees. Yer a tenant av his I. take it?' "'No! Glory be to God, I'm not!' sez I. 'Wo don't own much, but we'd own more av no thievin' Hamiltons had ever set fut in Duneleary.' " ' Ye have had some throuble at home '?' he went on. " ' Throuble enough, sor,' sez I. ' 1 broke bis brother's bead in a scrimmage with the gangers, an' somebody shot a peeler ; an' now tho Hamiltons are swearin' the murdher on to me, though the Lord knows a blackthorn was the only weapon I ever carried until I put on a red coat. It's an ould score they're thryin' to pay in their own dirty way. It's what .ye might expect from a man that wears a sojer's coat and strikes a Bandy's blow.' The captain looked me over from head to fut, an' sez be, ' Are ye any soort av a walker, Lynch?' "'Well, yer honor,' sez I, 'I can walk the legs off anv man, camel, or divil in this expedition on hill or dale, or in desert or bog The Lord gev me a party good pair av legs.' "Thin Captain Markham looked out av the sides av his eyes, an', spakin' kind of slow, sez he: 'Lynch, it's about 50 days' good walkin' from here to the say, over the mountains, marchm' due south into the sun. It's a hard road an' a bad coimthry ; it's full of wild bastes an' wildher min, an' maybe ye'll never git ten miles from here But I'm thinkin' ye'd bettlier thrust yerself to the naygurs an' the jackals than wait on the mercy av Major Hamilton.' "'I'm thinkin' that same meself, yer honor,' sez I, 'for wolves an' Pandies have as much tindherness as an Irish judge an' jury with Hamilton and Lanty Lanigan in the witness box.' " ' Well, me man,' sez the Captain, kind of brisk, ' if ye wor to take yer rifle an ammunition and something to ate, and walk away this very night, I don't think that ayther meself or Major Hamilton would find it out for a week.' And away he wint, as aisy an' unconsarned as ye plaze. " Faith I wasn't long in makin' up me mind. An' to make a long story short, I gev the sojers the slip that night an' began me thramp orer the mountains into the face av the sun." (To be continued.) 