the cnmc. TVLocin nnlaantfli brave tiha Critic's race? Or aote uumoved his nieutlon in tbe Oritio's page Parade his errors Ju tlie public eye? An4 Mother G-rnn 5 v'j rage 'lef r ? A Wavorley fowl merchant has a big sign stuck out whioli reads : 'No frames sold here!' Mr. Richer, Q..C., lias surely some thin:; better to do than accept the A^ent Geiieju! ship pro tcm. The man who Bays he is 'going out of his mind ' rarely has much of a journey to mako to accomplish his purpose. Detective Ferrett recently -;avo evi dence in a criminal prosecution in Lon don. Sounds like a par from a penur dreadful. A country road surveyor says ' he saw the river, travelling down from Jjoorlio, nothing but waterho'ec.' That river will be had up under the Vagrancy Act, aB well as for indecent exposure. The susceptibility of the pig to most of the peculiar diseases that afflict man kind, is a curious commentary on many people the ' Critic1 knews, and on many more that ho has met in public places. Bain is so badly wanted all over the place that Temperance societies are con sidering whether water hasn't ceased to be an e ement in the economics of nature. The wish may be father to the thought. A well-known member of tho legisla tive Council says oE the Port Kembla Harbor Bill that it is the work of an organised gang of boodlers anxious to get half a million of public money to work on. Water and Stinksrage Board are as mad as wet hens because somebody has been malting nasty remarlis about them in tbe 'Uuse. They'll have to stand a good deal more of that before they come up to public standard. Llamas are the chief freight-carriers in Oentrial . Peru. ? Th« usual load for an a&imsl; is about lQUib. If you put upon his hack bore tlwn he can easily carry, the | quietly kueels anrf 'will not budge until the load is reduced. Last week under the heading 'Solitary,' reference was made to a man named Wilson, serving a life sentence in Darling burf.t gaol, and who. being insane, was callously treated by his keepers. This poor wretch died laBt Friday week. The big church prelates of all denomi nations have been pricked into saying nasty things, because Cardinal Moran Bpofce of the seeming inefficiency of ossential Christianity as professed by tbe dissenting bodies. It is a long lane to get into. The case of Captain Jloore, of the sieve ehip Republic, ought to be pasted in the hat of every Yankee skipper sailing the seas, so as to let them know in good time that they musn't draw beads on sensible Bailors, at least in Australian waters, without excellent reason. ? Don Carlos, the Pretender to the Spanish throne, owns something which the Qneen-Regent thinks should be in ber keeping. This is the insignia of. the Golden Fleece worn by the Duke i'hilip, founder of tbe order. It is a superbly jewelled affair of high intrinsic value. Lord Salisbury (with an eye possibly onjosephus, whose surname is Cham berlain) holds to the opinion that politicians . should cleave to the axioma tic truth of silence being golden. If he oould only hear George ]{,oid spouting, he'd be still more cock sure about it, Lord 'Salisbury says he would tell his countrymen a heap of secrets if the other nations didn't also hear. His best plan is to hire some extensive tract of country, in the remote wilds of nowhere, and to hold a mass mcctiug of the British nation, admission to be only by ticket. Now that they have got the electric light powerfully installed at the Sydney Cricket Ground, intercolonial and inter national cricket matches ougbt to be played straight out, with only neoessary intervals for tbe ball to get breath; It ' weald knock ' a bit of the gate-money ' jcheme askew.. ? ? The city ie rapidly filling with coun try folk, who have temporarily abandoned the baked-ont west and north, to gain a little respite where water is more plentiful, though less popular, than swankey. The * spielers ' and ' guns ' are looking forward to a rare and lucrative seson. . Warning is hereby given. A member asked in the House whether steps would be taken 'to prevent men from working seven hours, a day for eleven day. a week., 'Certainly! ' was the Minister's oheerfnl response, which was accompanied' by a loud guffaw. Late sittings and refreshments are responsible foi-a great deal A cool customer at the police court was ' asked by tbe beak why lie didn't take his wife, who was prosecuting him for deser tion, back te his bosom and thus save any further unpleasantness. He replied that 'he wasn't takin' any.' But he was. He took three months hard. Man proposes, but tbe beak disposes. Cardinal Moran spoke a few solid words of eonnd wisdom, when he inontioned the evils that are multiplying around us through tbe carelessness of parents to wards their obildren. . It may be broadly said that practically all the larrikinism, and consequently, most of the subsequent crime, arise from this cause. Sir Eeester Fawell Buxton, Governor of South Australia, has also resigned from hia excellent billet. There seems to be a eort of, gubernatorial strike among the govs, of these colonies. What ia the ! point in dispute? Are they striking for shorter hours and more pay, or do they want to. have all pay and no work ? One thousand cases of fruit, imported from Italy, haye been seized and con demned in Brisbane, as being infected with scale and other lovely diteases. Serves Australia right if her whole orchards are ruined. Instead of packing thousands of tons of our own fruit to the Continent, we actually buy the foreign article, It seems absurd for the 'Christmas un employed' to strike for an increase of wages, but it was unjust to pay men 5s a day for euoh nice clean work as rail scraping, and then order one gang into that fout University pond to clean it out, ruin their clothes and risk their health, at tbe same figure. The dirty job is worth 10s a day. Bad reports continue to ilow in from that godforsaken 1'nkon place, where hundreds of deluded miaerB have found a lonely grave amid tho cold rigors of a killing climate. Mining in such a place isn't worth the gold or the candle. Westralia's bad enough, and quite un civilised eneugh too, to fit most require ments. Three Afghans at Bourke have been sent te quod for having no lawful visible. The result is that the white taxpayer is saddled with the keep ef the lazy lum berers for two weeks, and the huge penal establishments of: tbe colony, and their great cost, are being maintained to house tbe olfoasts ef the whole universe. Grand oountry this. 'TRUTH'S' PROPHECY. 'You may strain and heave on chain and sheave, Till the thrice- laid cables crack, But the ghosts of the drowned Atacama men Are dragging the Hereward back,' has been justified by the final smash. And yet Truth was told it was a fool to so prophesy! Poultry are Buffering from ihe ' falling ' sickness very badly just now. Indeed it has taken quite an epidemic form. Sttangely enough, whenevar Christmas 1 aoaies round the eauie malady always ; attacks the feathered bipeds. Warily ifl| were as easy for a rich man to sneak lotr^T Heaven ru fer a plump rooster to dod^e the Christmas etulhng. j It is a pity that, in the Early Closing Bill, no lieed is paid to the claims of thB unfortunate biiB driver, who has to work j fourteen hours every day, Sunday in cluded, without as much us a minute's epell. The work itself ia killing enough, I but whon uiude worse by the weather, it , is a cruel occupation. Here is a chance for genuine hnmasitarianism. The municipality of Lambton ia clean bust, bung 1 and bagged. A strange official has been appointed to grab all oat standing debts, and to scoop in all due rates. Tho very dogs in the streets have a melancholy unfinancial aspect about them, and the wind wont blow there without getting its screw ia advance. It ought to be re-christened 'i'olitician Town.' . While the military and o^her esti mates wer$ being rushed through early on Tuesday morning, the Premier was urged to take copious notes of tho j grievances of lion, members. He did so — carefully. Then when he'd got his estimates through ho still more carefully tore his notes up, saying, as he threw them on tho floor, ' So much for that little lot 1' Tbe railing painters round all the parks, and on every available spike within cannon shot of the Benevolent Asylum and the Soup House, ougbt to pay a bard to com pose a national ditty, which they ought to sing while brushing away at their cheer ful job. It is a reflective sort ef work, and it is to be hoped that they will stumble upon a politioal truth or two dnring the time. Multi- millionaire Tyson took such a time to make up his mind how tp portion out hie huge hoardings that he was caught on Ihe hop with the job undone. .Perhaps tbe idea of deliberately carving his estates I up for tbe benefit of otherB grated on tbe big squatter's fine appreciation of the secret joys of possession, and he was never really able to screw himself up to tbe heartbreaking task. The Critic has heard of no Australian movement to further' the proposal bf*rais iag a national memorial to Hori Grey. Though the fine old statesman passed the flower of his life in ilaoriiand, yet bis early pioneering in this continent, and the incalculable benefits his statecraft con ferred on tbe Sontbern hemisphere gener ally. richly entitle him to the gratitude of all people beneath the Southern Oresa. The 'speech-day* has been flourishing with deadly vigor during the past week. It is about the only day that Johnny doesn't feel a truculent desire to reduce his teaoher to an equation ef one un known quantity. Like Tom Bowling, vho swore because he had nothing else to say, Johnny, on speech days, keeps good because he has nothing else to do. It'-s an awesome function, is ' speech-day.' The number of people who havo seen carts, furtively conveying square boxes similar to that in wbioh the dead body ef tbat chloroformed woman was found in the Yarra, is more numerous than Abraham's posterity, which was promised to outnumber the sands on the sea shore. The marvellous efforts of memory that some people go through la remember what never happened are worthy of a better cause. MajaJrbono Meild, whon asked if he would not prefer to go to the Paris rather than the Greater Britain Exhibi tion, replied, 'Not 1. ..There's nothing hanging on to the French affair, J-;iv :i utlo: there's a hundred uuviu? s^ecs j 7 ' and ; commissions, independent of the Government salary, sticking out for the conimissiouer of the Grovevament affair/ And tiiis is a sample of New South 'Wales patriotism I All Civil Service increases on sorows over four hundred per anuum met with a sudden and violent death at the hands of Parliament I hiB week. Though these aro hard times (and four hundred sovereigns every year are far more than an average good whack), yet those men who are worthy of their hire must be liberally paid, else the service will decline. Dis crimination, rather than wholesale reduc* tion, is what is wanted. Sydney 1 IVJV has been forced by Mayor Harris to eat the leek over the publication of that letter of Sir. ltfce, in which serious allegations against the Mayor, and grave impugniags of his veracity, were contained. The Mayor complains that the publication of the letter has had tho effeot of damaging him in the public estimation, and calls upon tbe CD.T.' to promptly crawl dowa. Which it promptly does. 'Wavorley Council baa struck a new ides. The streets are watered by night instead of by day. Whatever tho object is o&nnet; bo said, unless it is to give tbe roadways plenty time to dry before the next day's traffic commences. Tbe P^d dingtoa Council has eotne original ways in this regard too. Its streets are watered in nice, instalments, one street one drop— meat streets no drop. Great affairs are these suburban councils. That horse that 'did a Garrlngton' down Pitt-street on Wednesday must have a keen eye for epaoo. He kept nnder the shade of the veranda?:s as much as pos eible, and dodged in and out of verandah posts as neatly as a fleeing politician with a six-shooter at his heols. It was not until he misjudged the distance between the sulky and a stubborn poet, by half an inch, that he came to griof. Oh what a fali was there, my friends ! Tft-o Wellington N.tf, J.'sP. (let os hand their infamous names down to pos terity—they aro John Young and H. J. i Williams) the other day sentenced a poor !f;irl,^vvho was quite * unknown to tho I j police,' to 1 J- day b' Jiird labor tor using j bad language under extreme provocation. Pity their -own daughters couldn't also ! ; sample 14 days .among loot women in a female ward, at tho instance of two more ogres like Young and Williams. i t that Cousin Hayseed has come to j the city in multitudinous quantity for a ! Christmas bust, aud in view of the Forty | Thieves being openly at work at Her Majesty's, and the other ten thousand I nine hundred and sixty doing lair work in the thoroughfares, 6ome of our lazy, lumbering detectives might eschew pri vate bars, poker-machines, and other spell time diversions, to keep an eye'' on the geueral security of the populace, j . The chances of there ever being a Panama Canal now seem very remote, j The U.S. Senate is taking up a new ; Nicaragua Caual Bill. This measure ! proposes repeal of the Asyton- j Bulorer treaty1 the cancellation of exist ing concessions at a cost of 5,000,0i)0jol. I the purchase of now territorial rjghts at : a cost of 1,000, ODOdol, and the cousfcruc ! tion of a cauul at an estimated cost of | 140,000,000 dollars (£28,000,000). I There's a rumpus in Samoa because ' they can't make tip thoir minds about who is to be king. Kven the Consuls are at loggerheads over the thing, and the dusky Samoan damsels are in keen suspense, and in a great way lest their last new dress of 1 one- tig I'esf trimmed with autumn tints should get moth eaten during the delay. It is a national injustice to the girls, and it wili certainly end in tbe formation of a ( Woman's Xlights League* over there, which will mean mischief. The 'Daily Telegraph' is nothing if ?not precise and particular as to detail. For instance, in the 'Summary ' column the other day it summarised a cable as follows Through a g-anpowder explosion at Havana, Cuba, 40 persons were killed, 18 canen tennimUiBg fatally. Which is reminisceut of tho historical Manxman who averred, when he fell six stories onto a heap of bricks, that 'he was killed fatally doad. .Mie 'Lower Orders' in Englai3^eoui io have queer ideas of questions of relationship. At a recent inqup&t;^on a horse-coper, in London, a man' named Stocker. identified the body as that of his brother-in-law, and when a«ked how the relationship came about, replied off' handedly : 'Oh, he lived with my wife's mother for some years, so I suppose I may class him as my brother-in-law* (Laughter) The Coroner: 'You call him a relation?' Witness: * Well, it's near enough, sir,' (Loud Laughter.) We have not all the champion police courfc con nc tees. ? A * poet 1 nauied Wil liam Onion, locally affectionately famous as 'Spring Onions/ has been convioted ho less than one thousand times in London and its province^ chiefly on charges ot drunkenness and window breaking. And tho point of this grim joke is that ^Spring Onions 'is a temper ance poet, the chief constable saying that he wrote tomporance rhymes, and got putrid on the proceeds of their sate. Something like a * horrible example V That awful incubus on the chest of the British nation, 'the Nonconformist Conscience,' has lately instigated virulent prosecutions against persons selling works on physical and social science, in London* Amongst the journals who have commented sarcastically upou tho Urs Grundyish action is the 'Sketch/ which ridicules tho notion oE 'the tinker, the tailor nnd candlostick maker — most worthy citizeus. no douDt, who will sit: ud^uicnt upon a soieiitilic work * which' has been welcomed and com mended by scientists in France, Ger many and America, as well aB by the English medical journals.1 'In my opinion bad steering had a lot to 3o with the disaster/- — (Extract from engineer's cvidcnco re loss of Little Nell.) i?he'd'jast been put in order, She shone like any bell, Afi the ffkipper stepped aboard Her, ? Aud steered hie Little Nell. Hor screw threw foam behind her, As np and down she foil, No linrrow dock confined nor, The gallant Little Nell. Tho skipper steered her blindly, (Her port to make was HelJj, She took the channel kiudly, And rang hia 'little knell.' Archbishop Dunne, in speaking at tbe opening of a new Hotnan Catholic church &t; liosalie (Q) a few days ago on tbe eternal reward which followed liberality towards the cburcb, related this fact * About ten years ago James Tyson camt into my house in Brisbane. He said, 'You are building- a sew church at Toewoo mba/ * Tes,' said 1. * Have you got anything from me for it?' eaid he. 'No,' 1 said. * What do yon expect from me ? * he asked, I said, 'Anything yon can give —if it is only Od.' He sat down and wrete a cheque for C50, and ' eaid the Archbishop, 'I say that £50 is of greater bleBsing to-day to James Tyson than his five millions of money,' Bnt he forgot to say that his few millions will be a great blessing to the Devil's own on earth I Bcferring to tho recent shrifekful pro secutions of booksellers for disposing of a work on physical science $.nd the relations of the sexes, 'Iieynoid's News paper * says : — Mrs Grundy's Huebsnd — the 'Duly Chronicle '—shakes its Noneonformist head in a gha Oy, paralytic sort of a way over the evil doings of -Or Ifavelock EUl. 'For one I part,* it 6iys, * we cannot take the view that | the book has any scientific valu: vrhatevet/ Aad who the dickeas is 4 we ' / rVobahlv fomebody who knows as muoh as. 1 .'rf-i.i 'a the Moon about the subjoct of -.'hi 'h. u.-. - writing. Will tbe 1 Chronic!' 1 t*:l whether or not it would'pl&c;^tb .. j ? Tyu men t :n tbe\b9&08 of the cidldo n rj/.M.h'j romance of Lst aud bis daughter and oiiiM * savoury stories to read? W« *ainu iue 1 Gbroniclo 1 for its news. Its ojuiioui? .da not worth a brass fathiog. The Russian Emperor's in ' his brother mouavchs to disav* - : Us a curious passage from Macaui , . :i .'-o ?- lory of 3£ngland. The £Ven?h Louis XIV., sent the Count of' Tallatsd to William IIL as Ambassador. 'I if. the original draft oE the irurN'Sonsk was a curious paragraph, whicis, 'n& second thoughts, it was i i.?» omit. The Ambassador was to take proper opportunities of cautioi- J ing the English against a standing 1 as the only thing which could i-csilv ^ fatal to their laws and liberties. This passage was suppressed no doubt be cause it occurred to Pomponne and Torcy that with whatever approbation the English mi^ht listen to such lan« guago when uttered by a demagogue of . - their own race, they might be very differently affected by hearing it . from, a ! French diplomatist, aud might think | that thero could not be a bettor reason-, for arming than that Louis and his.4 ; emissaries earnestly invited thetn to \ disarm.' ?; The gathering of tho Tyson family to discuss the best ways and mean? ;.r of cutting and carving up the dear departed, reminds the student of Dickens ' of the gathering of the .. Chuzzlcwitt'clan, when Martin of that ; ilk was supposed to be sick unto death, at the Blue' Dragon Inn, kept by Mrs Lupin, All ihe Tysons were repre* . ; sented There was the Tyson who : : never got married, bccauso ho was afraid ; to run counter to the wishes of his :: venerable uncle, the Tyson who did get married and who made up for his mistake by trying for a divorce on discreditable - grounds, the Tyson who never (well, hardly ever) drank for fear tale-bearers ') would carry the yarn to the old man, aud' the Tyson who never smoked, unless jie could get. hi? 'baccy on the no(L _Qa. J the 'whole a worthy gathering, truly. ^ representative of the great faculty © holdup on to things^. Beid is said ^ be t&Ywkihg; of calling a Tyson or' two to; the Upper House. By the way, how ® Parkes would have revelled in the ?J chance of borrowing a few quid from the J family! THE WAIL OF THE EAILIKGB. ' 5 Is that you male on the eelf-samo job, A-painting tboae rails deep red P - It ain't as jolly and fat as wfiea With a cheque wo lett the shed ! But .the shed's eat oat, the .wool's away, All the rouseabeuti paid off, The water and grasu have wilted but, And the sheen have nought to 6C0S. ,. \ j ThA boss regards with an angry soowl V;' The traveller on the traok, :/ There isn't a stand to earn a mag For the hord-up man out back. There wob a time when a woro-cot bloke Could follow aflookof *t.oop» Wire-fencing has put an euJl «o all that, A boundary rider's cheap. ' Five bob a day with a fortnigbt'o graft | Don't tend to muoh of a spree, The like amount oa two thousand men I Five hundred gives Eeid as fee. And yet if matters wereTeckoned tip, ; And a tilly fair waB kept, i ^ It inigbt be neither yon nor I 1 So muoh in the lurch were left. . If we'd but got the gitt of the ?*b, : With a seat among theae coves,. ; .? v- Thcie'd be, I fanoy, a fairer whack ? \- Of the fishea find the loaves. - Kb more should the Morgue be filled with-' I dead, ' ? Driven by want their doom, ^ No more tire life of the work girl led - ' ? -is | ^In dire penury and gloom. M 1 ! No more should tho ghouls of social lifo '' 'V--' Devour unprotected poor. Mo lougofr two Tiu-u*aad orieu for wor* v i^ot poverty uutlare. \ - ?' - 't 