WhOSO FINDETH A WIFE. CHAPTER XXIII.—A TERRIBLE TRUTH. Being ‘The Strange Story of England's Peril, Man’s Betrayal, and Woman’s Love;’ related by Geoffrey Deedes, of the Foreign Office, London. BY WILLIAM LE QUEUX, Author of ‘ Devil's Dioe,’ 1 The Great White Queen,’ ‘A Seoret Service,’ ‘The Great War in England in 1897,’ ‘ Zoraida,’ &c.; Ella's cold, formal adieu stunned me, I stood open-mouthed, petrified. We had parted on the best of terms, she kissing me affectionately, and with wifely solicitude bidding me hasten bask; yetin my absence she had departed evidently carrying out seme pre-arranged plan. Her maid, Heberts, had noticed her packing her trunks three days before; therefore, it was certain tluit she meant te desert ms as soon as oppor tunity offered. Unaccountable and astounding as was her sndden flight, the discovery I bad made among the papers in her escritoire wasevin more amazing. Xb held me stupefied and sghaBt. The paper I held in my band was the original of the secret convention between England Bnd Germany; the document that had been stolen from me, transmitted by telegraph to the RuBsian Foreign Office and bad nearly caused a terrible and disastrous Earopean war. When I took it bom among the letters and saw its neat, formal writing and -sprawly signatures, I gazed upon it in blank amaze ment, nnable at firBt to realise the startling truth. There was, however, no room for doubt. It was the aotual document bad been eo ingeniously purloined, for it re posed in the escritoire still in its official envelope. The great black eeal affixed by the Earl of Warnham had been broken, and both envelope'and document had the appear ance of ha'ving at eome time or other been folded small, besides being Badly crumpled. Beneath the ehaded light I examined the envelope carefully, and deteoted a faint car mine streak upon it; then, placing it to ray nostrils, found that it exuded a Stale odor of sampagnita. In an instant the troth was plain. Tbe pink discoloration had been caused by rouge; the scent was Ella’s favo rite perfnme that ehe always procured from PariB. No doubt the document bad.been carried for a considerable period in her pocket for safety, and becoming crumpled, aB papers will if oarried in a woman s dress. While the envelope might easily have ab sorbed the odor of that unmistakable per fume from her handkerohief, the streak of rouge puzzled me, for I bad never suspected her of an artificial complexion, nor had I ever Been the hare’s foot and carmine among her toilet articlee. ‘Tell Roberts I wish to speak to her,’ I said, turning to Jnokes, who had Blood by in silence, puzzled at my strange action ot breaking the top of the eBcritoire. He obeyed, and in a few moments the neat dark*eyed maid entered. * Roberts. 1 I exclaimed, *1 want you- to tell me something. Doea my wife use any carmine to give artificial color to her cheeke. •Oh, no, eir,’ the girl assured me. ‘ Madam is very averse to the nee of such things. Once or twice, when aba has been going ont at night and looked nnnBually pale 1 h »VO suggested a little additional color, but she has refused.* : n,'?‘ d i B s ?B L have any roD ?a or anything of that sort m her poßoeßsion ?’ I enquired. Wo, air, I am quite certain she hadn’t.* Why are you so confident?’ ill „,!h“ U '- 8 . ? n ' y H’ 6 °‘ h « day when I was ill with a siok headache madam urged me to use some color, as my face was so pale. Visitors were coming, she said, and' she didn t waqt me to look like a ghost. I told her that!had no carmine, and she remarked hT done’ n ° ne ’ therefore nothing could When did my wife pack these two trunks she took with her this evening ?' Last Monday, sir,' the girl answered, Blowly twisting her befrilled apron in her bands. ‘ She received a note by boy-mes senger and immediately set- absub paokiog the boxeß.’ ‘Did she tßll you anything?' I* asked, adding confidentially, ‘I have.reason to be lieve that my wife has loft us, therefore any thing you tell me may aßsißt me in tracing her.’ a -Che girl glanced at me in genuine sur prise. 1 Do you mean, 3ir, that madam has—has run away ?' she gasped, _* No—well, not exactly,’ I stammered. But did she tell you anything?' With eyes downcast .the girl paused in hesitation, answering at last— * She didn’t actually tell me anything.’ ‘But what do. you know about her in tentions ?' * Nothing,’ ahe answered. Then, after a pause, she added, ‘Well, to tell you the truth, sir, I had suspicions.’ Of what ? Do not fear to Bpeak because .I am her husband,’ X said reassuringly, ‘I may as well know the worst at once.’-: She used frequently to receive-noteefrom a gentleman. They,were brought by a com missionaire, or by a man servant,--who-waited fior the answer. When they oatno I always knew that on the following day she would be absent many hoars,’ ‘_Y<m believe that she met this mysterious individual—eh ?' I asked hnskily, ‘ Yes, for she always told me never to admit to you that she had been long absent. Therefore I had euspioion that she met Same- Body clandestinely,' * What was his name T ‘I hare never been able to ascertain. Once I glanced at a note lying on madam’s dressing-table. It merely announced the writer s intention to attend Dady Dearson’s “ at home,” and was Bigned “ X,” ’ _ ‘ Well,’ I eaid hoarsely, after a long silence. ‘ What else ?' ‘ Nothing,’ Bhe replied: • That is all I know, sir.’ ‘ Has my wife taken her jewels ?' I en quired. * No. She has left her jewel-erse unlocked, but everything !b there. She has even left behind her wedding risg.’ ‘Her wedding ring,’ I eohoed, astounded and dismayed. ‘Theft Bhe has discarded me completely.’ ‘ Unfortunately it appears so, sir,’ the girl observed, gravely. ‘ Very well, Roberts,’ I said in a broken voice. ‘Thank you. You may go.’ The girl glanced at me for an instant, with a sad pitying look, then turned and left, closing the door noiselessly behind her. Alone, I sank into the chair utterly broken down, still holding in my nerveue, trembling fingers the secret document that secured the peace and welfare of the two most powerful nations on earth. I had at last discovered the hideous truth. Ella, the woman whose grace and beauty had held me enmeshed, and whom I had loved with an intensity of pas sion that was all consuming, was, after all, base and worthless. Although making a hollow pretence to love me Bhe had cast me aside for this mysterious man who signed himself with Bn initial, and who met her secretly almoet daily. I had been a blind, devoted idiot. I knew, bat until I had watched her in Kensington Gardena X had never suspected her of infamy. It seemed, however, that ehe had no sense of shame, ana oared nought for my dishonor or despair. Her perfidy was now revealed in all its pain fnl reality. Ella, whom I had always re garded as pars, honest and trusting, was a woman of tarnished repnte. The fact that she bad the secret convention in her possee eion was, in itself, sufficient evidence that the.mystery earrounding her was deep, and of no ordinary character. Sonia had warned me that Bhe was my enemy, and this fact was now indeed vividly apparent. How she had become' possessed of the stolen treaty was inexplicable. Fall well Bhe knew all the terrible anxiety its loss had caused me, and the sensation that its revela tion had created throughout Europe. Times without number X had mentioned to her how anxious my chief w-ae to recover the original, so that our enterprising friends in St. Petersburg could have no tangible proof that it bad actually existed, yet ehe bad given no sign that Bhe knew anything of it, much leas that It actually reposed in my own drawingroom. I did not fail in those moments of my despair, to recollect that she had been on the moßt intimate terms with Dudley Ogle, the man BUBpected to have been in the service of the Czar’s Government, and as I sat in wonderment it became gradually impressed upon me that through thoße many months I had been basely tricked, and that Ella herself, charming and ingenious as ehe seemed, was actually a secret agent of the enemies of England. Several facte that I recollected combined to produce this startling belief. Beoanse of my confidential position as secretary to thß Earl of Warnham it was apparent that Ella, with the assistance of my whilom friend Dudley and the enaouragement of her mother, had conspired to hold me beneath her spell. She had become my wife, not because ehe had over loved me, but beoanse ahe could feign affection or hatred with equal impunity, and had some ulterior motive in obtaining my oonfidenoj. Her firm resolve to ascartain the true faota re garding Dudley’s mysterious end showed plainly that if they were not lovers they had acted in complete accord, and what waa more likely than that he, having atolßn the secret convention, had on that memorable night at the Nook haoded it to her, the instigator of the ingenions theft. Yet an hour or so later he died from some cause that neither doctors nor police had been able to determine. To her, the tragic occurrence was a mys tery as to all, and her refusal to render me any explanation of h ß r suspicious actions was I now saw, quite natural. Held be neath the iron thraldom of her masters in Petersburg. she dared not utter one word- benue I had remained in the outer darkness of doubt and ignorance. However it might be, one thing was car tain She had been unexpectedly parted from me, eithor by choice or compulsion. Perhaps it was that to pose as my wife was no longer necessary; yot if she were actually a spy, was it not curious that in departing sho should overlook thin documfnt, of which the Ministry at St. Petersburg wero so anxious to posßesß themselves. Again, as I sat alone before the cheerless grate, I reflected that if aha were in the pay of Rußßia, surely M. Grodokoflf, the Ambas sador, would have been acquainted with her. Besides,- what reason aould Rennuf have had in making such cireful enquiries, or why did Paul Verblinudovitch discredit the truths uttered by Sonia and urge me to marry the woman I loved ? Nevertheless if, or I supposed, my position in the Foreign Offioe had caused me to bs the victim of a clever and deeply conceived oonepiraoy, it was scarcely surprising that the Gzac’s repre sentative should disclaim all knowledge of the sweet-facod agent, or that Paul had praised her and cast obloquy upon Sonia in order that their plans, whatever they were, should be achieved. Of the actions of Renouf, and hiß strange disregard for detec tion, I could form no satisfactory conclusion. All I knew was that Ella's oaroer had been ‘ an unscrupulous and inglorious one, and that Bhe had cist mo aside as soon as her infamous ends had been attained. The only person who could elucidate the mystery wbb Sonia, the pretty girl who had been denounced by Renouf as a murderess, and who was now in hiding in far-off Russia, in Borne out-of*the-w.orld place where I could never hope to find her. If Bhe was clever enough to elude the combined vigilance of the detective force of Europe, as undoubtedly she had done, there waß but little hops that I could ever run her to earth. x The mystery had, by Ella's flight, been increased rather than explained, for the more I pondered the more deeply- rooted became the oonviotion that she bad decamped be cause she had cause to fear some strange development that would lead to her exposure and shame. After a time I roused myself, and taking from the broken escritoire the other letters it contained, five in number, examined them eagerly beneath the light. All were in the Bame hand, a heavy mascu line onn, written evidently with a quill. One by one I read them, finding that they con tained appointments which fully bore out her maid’s suspicions. 'My dear Ella,’ ono ran. ‘To-morrow I shall he on the departure platform at King’s Cross Station at 11.30. I have good news for you. Come.—X.' Another regretted the writer’s inability to keep an appointment as he had been cilled unexpectedly to Paris and was compelled to leave by the night mail from Charing Cross. He, however, promised to return in three days, and gave her the Grand hotel as his address if she found it necessary to tele graph.. Strangely enough the letters contained no endearing terms either at their commence ment or conclusion. Formal and brief, they all related to appointments at various plnceß In London where two persons might meet unnoticed by the crowd, and all were signed by the single mysterious initial, I stood with them in my hand for a long time, puzsled and hesitating, then placing them carefully in my pocket, together with the secret doanment I had so unexpectedly un earthed, I orammed on my hat and hastily drove to Pont street. The house was in darkness, save for a light in the basement, and in answer to my sum mons, after a lapse of some minuteß, a tall gaunt woman in rusty black appeared in the area below, I was surprised at being thus mot by a stranger, but enquired for Mrs Laing, 'MrsLaing ain’t at 'ome, sir, 1 ' answered the woman, looking up and speaking with a Btrong Cockney twang. ‘Not at homo?’ I exclaimed, surprised. ' Where is she ?’ ‘ She’s gone abroad Bomewheres, but I don't know where,’ the womnn answered. ' She’s sold all her valuables, discharged the Bervantß, and left me ’ere as ’ousekeeper.’ ' When did she go ?' I asked, ‘ This morning. I answered an advertise ment in the Chronicle yesterday, and entered on my duties 'ere to-day. Qaick, ain't it.’ The rapidity of her engagement I was compelled to admit, but proceeded to make further ' enquiry whether Mrs Laiog’s daughter had been there. ' No, sir. No one's bsen 'ere to-day, ex cept a foreign-looking gentleman who asked if madam had left, and when I said that she had, he went away quite satisfied.’ ‘ What kind of man was bs Y * Tall and thin, with a longieh dark beard.’ The description did not correspond with anyone of my acquaintance; therefore, after some farther questions regarding MrsLaing’a mysterious departure, I was compelled to wish the worthy woman good evening. She knew nothing of Mrs Laing’s movements, not even the name of the terminus to which she bad driven, such pains had Ella’s mother taken to conceal the direciion in whloh she intended to travel. Some secret undoubtedly existed between mother and daughter; its nature held me perplexed and bewildered. (To be continued.) 