THE MEASURING OF EARTHQUAKES. A CHAT WITH PROFESSOR JOHN 1 \- . MILNE. In Pcu son's Jlanazinc, CIpv eland Moffett, writes ot Professor John Millie, the man who measures earthquakeb —"At the \eiy centra oE the Isle of Wight, m a little place called blndc, that moat people m England never heard of, li\es a scientist who probably knows more about earthquakes than anyone m the world, John Milne, member of learned socie ties, late professor of seismology at the Uni versity of Tokio, and a charming m m into the bargain His house looks down | upon the ro ids wheie the Queen drives dam w hilo at Obbonip, and not fai distant me the] tow era <u Carisbrooke Castle, where Charles I. was a prisoner Here, on a quiet hill, grown | over with old tiees and banks, of ivy, awa> from all rush and noise, Professor JYJ line m 1} be I found, as 1 found him, worling amone strange | instruments of his own devising, optiat d b> clocku ork and electricity and possessing such sensitiveneas that an earthquake shock in Borneo vv ill set them sw mging for hours With Uiese wonderiul pendulums, o£ which I sh ill speak presently, the profes'-or witches throb bmgs and quiverings of the earth that are j unlelt by our unaiaed senses and draws con e'usions to serve the needs of men. . . . My first view of the instruments was at night, and perhaps the darkness and the silence added to^tho lmpressiveness of the moment Professor Milne walked beside me carrying a lantern, and lus Japanese assistant, bhmobo Hirota, who is nicknamed "bnow" on the lale of Wight, went ahead to open the doors of the strong walled little houses where the pendulums w ere guarded. 'I here are two ot theso pendulums both constructed on the same principle, but the one more sensitive than the other, "bnow showed 110 the senai tive one first, and w hen I aaw it I saw only a little lamp burning 011 a red bov with steps to it. Ihe do\ covered tie pendulum The whole place suggested some silent altir with 1 undying flame I could he ir a slock ticking inside the bo\\. ' What is the lamp for ' I asked. "To photograph tne end of toe boom," said the protos^oi. 'flt lets a point of light down through that slit. Vt lien the earth moves the I boom sw lugs ' ' Oil," s-wl 1 "And what is the clock j for ' "Ilie clock wo ks tie machines I'll e\ j lain it 111 the morning and show you hov ' bnow develops the feeisinogiams " "bnow" laokea plcastd, ana led the way to | tueothei little house lieu we found a pen duluiu that was not coveied up It restPd on a heav v column 01 m isoiny and one end 01 it pi e«ted a tmj sihei needle against a vex tual bana of smoked paper that moved slowly be tween two rollcib i'lierewas a clock ticking heie also, but no little lamp " f hi- ' said the piote^ur, "is an everyday pendula'n to let us know if anything la happening If there is, tlierf we look at the other pendulum for fuller details. The other one is not so easy to get at Just glance along thifr paper band and you can see^ if there ha& Deen an earthaualce anywhere lu the last 24 hours No, there has been nothing, tne I111.2 is straight, sae—that long white line, the needle makes it as the band turns " "Suppose there had been an earthquake '' "I'P show you what would have happened Come rcund here, that's right Now pres<~ j against the column, not hard, just with your j hand There is goes, bee ' It was like piessmg against a chimney, but j the ooom of the pendulum responded instantly, and the needle swerved out on the paper and j then back again, marking a narrow loop "You tipped tne column and altered its leve1 just as an earthquake wave fiom. Japan or Borneo would have done. That is the | w hole purpose of these instruments to indi cate slight changes of level They are sensi tive to a, difference in level of 1 m in ten | ninec That's not a very st^ep grade, is it ' And then he went on to tell how a pan of I there pei dulums, placed on two buildings at opposite sides of a city thoroughfaie, woulu 1 show that the buildings literally lean towa'd each other duimg the heavy trafiic nenod of j the day, dragged ovei from their lev el by the load of vehicles aua people piessmg down | upun the pavcmcut' ihe professor gave some amusing re mi mscences of then troubles in getting the in strimicnts proper!> set up To begin with, thero vveie 11 loprceptible air curients tint | would set the booms swinging in a most per plexing way, and when these were disposed of I thero came the ghost of Charles I out of its | dungeon and blew the little lamp out, being displeased, so the neighbor^ declared, at their invacung old Carisbrooke Castle (as thev did) with such unholy contrivances After mucn vain conjectuie ovei this lamp incident "Snow' finally discovered that it was the doing of a small beetle, which had managed to drop down the tmy glass chimney trom the castle ceilmg and get himself burned to ashes before extinguishing the flame. Next there appeared upon the scene — or rather made himself felt—a little" grey " Money spinner," that managed to hide inside the red box and would come out at night for experiments of his- own. This little spider knew nothing about eai thquakes, but took the greatest interest m the swinging of the boom, and soon began to join in the game himself He would catch the end of the boom with his feelers and tug it ov er to one side as far as ever hecould. T1 en he w ould anchor himself theie and hold on like gran death until the boom slipped away. Then he would run after it and tug tt over to the other side and hold it theie until his strength failed igam And so he would keep on for an hour or two until quite exhausted, enjoying the fun immensely, and never dreimmg that he was manufae turmg wonderful seismograms to upset the I scientific woild, since they seemed to indicate | shocking earthquake disasters 111 all dnectiona This was oad business and went on for w eeks, some of these spider seismograms being pub lished and puzzled over by learned men in vanous cities. And v. hat made the matter worse Wi's the behaviour of a certain wood louse which got m the habit of douching uuder the little lamp on cold winter nights to warm itself rl here he would sit in all comfoit diiecfcly over the slit through which the ray of light w is supposed to go down to 1 the photographic apparatus, and of courae this | stopped all records One night the louse dis cov ered the spider playing w ith the boom, and | from that moment he became an absoibed spectator of the fun He could not play with I it himself becauae the slit a as too small to let | him through, but he encouraged the spider 011 j all occasions, and at last is believed to have | urged thp spider to tie the boom last with his 1 web 'At anyrate, the [spider did this and one morning "Snow" found the boom lashed hrmly to the sice of the uo\, so that all Japan ] might have been shaking, and it would not | have swung from its anchorage. This, of course, led to discovery and a prompt banish ■ng of louse and spidei fiom the premises, but | while the mystery lasted it was a good one. Such yarns as these the professor spun for me that evening in Ins eliarming Japanese Lng lish home, and he showed mo photographs of earthquakes in Japan, taken by himself and his friend, Professoi Burton, and pictures of volcanoes blowing their heads off, and he told me of exciting adventures ciossmg Iceland w tu a remarkable man named Watts, who would jump across yawning chasms just to see if ne could do it Finally we went to bed. 