The Outlook. Prohibition in Canada. General interest will be felt in the result of the plebiscite in Canada on Friday last on the question of the national prohibition of the drink trade. The prohibitionists came within sight of victory, and lost it after all. Quebec alone has saved the liquor traffic from extirpation so far as the Dominion is concerned. Every other province gave a small majority to the prohibition cause, but the French Roman Catholic province polled heavily for the grog-barrel, and practically dis franchised the other provinces. But the battle will not rest here. The sturdy Canadians will fight again, and we wish them speedy victory. ® Bung and the beer-barrel have had unmistakable notice to quit. ? ' ' ?- We are glad to hear that, A Methodist immediately after the City Mission. Christian Convention to be held next week in the Centenary Hall, a great Methodist effort is to be made to reach the people of Sydney. This mission will be under the auspices of the Central Mission, and will be assisted by the Rev. John Watsford and others, and we trust that it will«be4bi^beginning of a good work throughout our whole Church. So far as we are able to judge there is nothing our Church, both in the city and in the country, so much needs at the present time as a genuine revival of religion. Gcdiess indifference prevails almost everywhere, and gambling, drunkenness and vice of almost every kind show themselves, without blush of shame, in our streets. And only the power of God can overcome and subdue and convert. If, as a Church, we would fulfil our mission to the people we must be filled with the power of the Holy Ghost. We ask our people everywhere to pray for this preparation, and that the mission shortly to be started in Sydney may be the beginning of a revival which shall shake the whole colony.' . News '^ corresPondent writing from South J»m South Australia in Australia forms us that a gentleman in that province who has already presented the Conference with some houses for the use of super numerary ministers, is likely to add two more such houses for similar use, and also proposes to build a church in a rising suburb. We publish this piece of news in the hope that it may be suggestive to some one in N. S. Wales to do likewise. Our poor super numeraries appear to have no friends amongst the well-to-do Methodists of this colony ; at any rate no one remem bers them to augment their soanty incomes or to provide a modest home for them in their declining days. Our S. A. correspondent goes on to say : 'The eeason in this colony is moat favourable. We have had fine rains ; grass is plentiful for stock, the crops are everywhere doing well, and the fruit crop is of fine promise.' Whether the two facts thus chronioled stand to each other in the relation of cause and effect we cannot say. It would not be difficult to prove from Scripture tnat it is probable it is so. But we are glad to learn that South Australia has so good a prospect before it, and we are also thankful to know that one generous soul down there remembers in & practical form the worn-out ministers of his Church. May God bless him I Tne Matters are reaching a COal critical stage in the New Crisis, castle district, and unless wise aud conciliatory counsels prevail, grave trouble is likely to ensue. The present certainly seems an opportune time for revising alike the selling price of coal and the hewing rate paid to the miners ; but so far no satis factory agreement has been arrived at between the mine-owners and the men. High words are in the air, one party talking of a lock-out and the other of a strike. We hope that no such foolish and wicked result will ensue. We have not forgotten the misery, violence and loss of former industrial struggles, and earnestly counsel moderation and con ciliation so as to secure a reasonable and righteous settlement of the points in dispute. No License ^n an admirable article and its m *ne September number Fff«»rtc °^ *ne Revieiv of Reviews, tnects. Mr- ^ K Taylorj mem. ber of the New Zealand House of Representatives, contributes some valu able information with regard to the operation of the licensing laws in that colony. It was Mr. Taylor who pro posed the ' Police Commission ' that j has recently sat in New Zealand, and in the article under notice he deals with the causes that led him to seek that thorough and searching in vestigation. Notwithstanding the de fective enforcement of the 'no license ' law in Clutha, Mr. Taylor claims that the results are wonderful in comparison with the conditions existing there prior to the hotels being closed. For three and a-half years before that event the total number of convictions recorded were 243 ; for three years and a-half subsequently, the number was 90 ! 'Not only,' says Mr. Taylor, 'has crime generally shrunk in the ratio approaching the decrease in drunken ness, but vagrancy, indecent exposure, threatening language, cruelty to animals, and obstructing the police, are offences which do uot appear in the calendar for the three and a-half years since the hotels have been closed.' The liquor party claim that more drink is con sumed in Clutha since 'no license' was voted than before ; but with the above facts in view, Mr. Taylor perti nently asks for the proof of that asser tion. As a demonstration in A Hopeful illustration of the real Sign. spiritual union existing among the Evangelical Churches of Sydney, the United Mission just held in the Centennial Park is significant. At the meeting an Monday afternoon about six hundred Christian people were present—' Enough,' said the Eev. J. W. Gillett, B,A. (Anglican), ' were we all in dead earnest, to set Sydney on fire.' Addresses were delivered by two Anglicans, two Wes leyans, a Congregationalist, and a Pres byterian. Such gatherings must have a most beneficial effect upon the Church life of the Eastern Suburbs. The evangelistic address given by a well known Presbyterian minister was full, from start to finish, of old-fashioned Methodist fire. We understand a move ment is on foot for starting a similar series of united meetings in the Western Suburbs. .. . , . , , We learn from our ex Signs of cellent contemporary the Good. Spectator that a gracious and hopeful work is going on in Maldon, Chines, and other circuits in Victoria. The General Secretary of Home Missions in that colony, the Eev. E. S. Bickford, expresses his conviction that our connexion there is 'on the eve of a general, glorious, and widespread revival.' The signs, he goes on to say, are such as cannot be mistaken. This is good reading. Our brethren there are evidently using the means that lie within their reach, and are not waiting for the Conference to formulate some great scheme to promote a revival. The same course is open to us in this colony. We are profoundly anxious to see Methodism rendering more effective service for Christ and the salvation of souls. The way to do so lies before every faithful minister and every earnest church. One of the great causes of our comparative spiritual weakness is to be found, we fear, in the general disposition to wait for some extraneous help, or to look to the Conference to appoint a committee to formulate a plan. The opportunity for earnest aggressive work lies before every minister and circuit amongst us, and the responsibility must alss primarily rest there. More faith in ourselves and our message, and above nil. rpore faith in. .the . . power of the Divine Spirit, would mean an onward move all round, and fresh victories for God in every circuit. Why may we not attain to this. St. Stephen's Presby A Prosperous terian Church, Sydney, Congregation has demonstrated that a congregation can be secured within the city proper by the use of ordinary methods. The Eev. John Ferguson is a preacher and teacher who believes in his message, and delivers it with few, if any, adventitious aids. The church of which he is the pastor celebrated its anni versary last week, and the report presented stated that the past year has been the most prosperous the church has ever enjoyed. Eemembering the pious ministry of the Eev. Adam Thomson and the halcyon days of Dr. Steel, the former pastors, the present position is one on which Mr. Ferguson and his flock are heartily to be con gratulated. Long may St. Stephen's continue to be a centre of light and blessing as the leading church of Pres byterianism in this great city. The personal element is probably (under God) the leading factor in the success thus chronicled. The annual meetings of Baptists in the Baptist Union of New Session. South Wales have just been held. The new chairman is the Eev. F. E. Harry, and his inaugural address was characterised by tne terse, vigorous, and epigrammatic style of which he is a master. Accord ing to Mr. Harry, the denominational note needs to be sounded more clearly, and Baptists are to be more emphatic in insisting upon the importance of their distinctive principles in regard to baptism. If this be done with toleration and charity, and so as not to reap the fruit of the labours of other churches, we shall not blame our Baptist brethren. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind. Like the larger denomina tions, the Baptists have to complain of a falling off in home mission income. Many calls for help have had to be declined or postponed for lack of funds. This cry has now been so common that we seriously suggest the holding of a mission or convention or something of that kind to promote a recognition on the part of Christians of all denomina tions of the duty of proportionate giving. Men dwell in ceiled houses and the house of God lieth waste. They spend pounds upon their pleasures, and begrudge their pennies to the cause of Christ. These things ought not to be 80. 