THE TYPEWRITER, \\_C0KPZETE STORY.) , :bx PERCY WHITE. commottp.l chapter i. IT RFolix Wl re doned t/ li i s oiirccr us un insurance clerk, when, on tho death of an uncle, ho suc ceeded to a modest fortune and u pleasant villa residence \ in the Lavender b road, Brixton., Havinif thus ' becomo his own inastor, ho on- listed in the great army of tf.-nveh of a publisher. ' A. suiull inuu with a hold forehead, mid a weak beard, ill-. Budd wore, by proforouoo, a lull while hut of a pooulinr mnbo, because it identified liim with an air of distinction. Otliorwiso lio bore no murks of professional cccoulricily, save that ho bolioved in liis own genius, which is tho badgo of nil Mr. Bndd's literary tribe. But ill courso of timo tlio unpublished author grow weary of tho monotonous labour of producing inunuscript, and sought an iniauuousis. Chance and proximity sont him Miss Clara Boll, lliu.il whom it woro difficult to iinugiuo u more oliurming typewriter or a inoro .sympnthetie assistant. " Till tlio ugo of forty Felix Budd had decided that Co was intended for a studious and cultured bachelor. Ho would have olioscn the muso of fiction lis his brida, lmd tlio Greeks invented tills much-micdcd literary deity. In this dofioioncy Mr. Budd, following the usual aucoiisoious process, fell, calmly and rcnsonulily enough it must ho admitted, in love with Ills typewriter, unil the hours, from ten to one, which she spent iivo times a week in his study, beenmo tho most agreeable of his life. But a certain ally rcticcnco kept Mr. Budd silent, and laid it lint boon for a somewhat humiliating misunderstanding the retiring lutlior might never huvo declared au nITcetion for which perhaps ho found consolation in tlio sentimental unturo of his romantic productions. For soino time Mr. Budd and Miss Clara . Bell continued linppy in their literary .pursuits. "But the world," us Mopliisto- phclcs says in tbn Lycoimt version, " is so ' censorious," and tho tonguo of scandal touched thorn. It commenced thus. Tlio novel laid reached a critical point. Miss Boll wns scntod before tho inachino whioh gnvo poritmnotico fo tho romuiieer's fancies ; whilst her employer, 111 tho throos of dictation, marehed restlessly up and down Ills study seeking the felicitous plirnso. " 'Heedless of nil risks,' lio dictated, inn voico full of emotion. ' Ronuld ontorod tho garden. It was tlio thrilling moment when the liiglitingalu woos tlio availing star, und tlio musk roso breathes out its soul on tho fragrant gloom.' " The typowritor sighed nt tho picture. "'Ho stood,' continued tho novelist, 'beneath tlio shadow of tho ocdur trco, and listened. Tho world seemed plunged in incifable pence. Tlio hoofs of his pursuers had faded far into tho distance.' " " You did not nay thoy were riding," observed tho typewriter, timidly. "I thought I might leave that to tlio imagination. Tho pursuers aro obviously Roundhead cavalry. Hiineo tho 'fading hoofs,'. Of courso hoofs don't fade, but then tho exigencies of pocticnl prose, in such u ease, invito tho uso of the motuphor." "Undoubtedly," said tho typowritor, " and tho picture it convoys is full of ohurm." Mr. Folix Budd complacently resumed. "'Then ns Itoiiulcl listened' — alter Ronald to 'lie,' please, if tho hero's name occur in tho paragraph — 'u graceful iiguro robbed in whito stole, like u warm-blooded ghost, across the fragrant garden. Tho nightingale King sweetly to his liiuto, the orb of lovo palpitated iu tho loader sky, and his ' — or 'Ronald's,' us thocuso may bo — 'heart swung lilco 11 pendulous omotion balanced in a dauntless breast.' " ("My lovo !" sho cried, seeing his war worn figure beneath tlio shudow of the funereal tree. "Sylvia, my beloved !" ho exclaimed. "And how do wo moasuro kisitos?"'" " I linvo no idea," said tho typowritor, blushing. . , " You understand," Sir, Budd explained. "'How do wo moasuro kisses?' follows 'beloved.'" " Oh, I bog your pardon." Oliefc, click, click went the machine. How do wo mcasuro kisses F' All right, i've got that." But hero tho author paused for a roply. " ' It isn't by timo,' " 1m continued. " " ' Is not ?' " inquired his uimuiuciiNis. "Of courso. 'Nor by number; but br passion's tumultuous iiritlimotio — passion's tumultuous arithmetic— 1 " "'Tumultuous iiritlimotio ' only onco?" she asked. "Yes. But it's a strong plirnso, so I Inudvcrtoutly dwelt upon it." "Naturally," said Miss Bell. "What author would not ?" '"And so wrapt in caoli other's arms,' resumed tho author, they stood for a bliss ful, tranced moment nndor the murmuring hemlock — I mean eyprcss— whilst tho wost wind, with odorous wftig, sighed in t.ho fore most houghs. Lovo permeated tho atmos phere film 11 giis. Entranced tlioy stood, exchanging kisses balmior than April buds, and Ronald heard tho lips ho loved murmur ing words wild and sweot.' " "Wild aad sweet," clicked tlio inaohino, ns it cauulit the oliinax. " How beautiful and now," added the typewriter. "Tho phrase ooeurrod to me whilst dressing, ' ' explained Mr. Budd, modostl v. " 1 But un envious and malignant eye hud , dogged-' — ' " "Wouldn't 'followed' bo hotter?" interposed Miss Boll. "No, I prefer 'dogged,' it's more BuggcB- tivo und ominous. ' Ills stops, and swift ns tho brindled lightning a tall dnrk figure stood' before tho lovers, who started apart. Before Ronald could lay his liund on .his sword tho dagger descended ' " . But tho typewriter could honr 110 more. "It's too torriblo !" sho oxolnimed, " do stop." Aud Mr. Felix Budd, in doubt liow to continue, obeyed, with tlio light of successful achievement in his oyo. "Was it that awful, avenging friar?" sho asked. . "Yes." " Four Ronald ! docs lio die?" "No, the wound.uood not, ho mortal." "In that oasc," sho siiid, "I'm, ready to goon," ' ; But tlio novelist whs not. ' ' "I -think wo might break oil there," ho said. " Tho ; mood is leaving ino. Besides, It. .is ton ininutos to one. You look .perturbed. Miss Boll, - Lot us go round tlio ' gardon. Tlio uir will oulm iis both." ' And so thoy walked sido by: Bldo round tho garden; ' pioklug flowors, heedless of tho neighbours' onvlous byes, ' . chapter ; ii. Miss Boll lodged with 1 a rospootuhlo family in tho, noighbourlioodbf Lavomlor road. Of , tho young gontlomon ' of hor ucquaintuuoo . .. . soveral, admired her nearly ns mnoli us alio . - deserved, , but nono more thaii Mr. Algornon ". Thompson, wlioso uoauaintnhoo she lind mndo at tho Brixton und Olnphum Sohool of Typo- ' writers.' . : Mr. '1 liompson's duties led him ones or twlco a wook to the city,, and it was whilst ho i','' 'was riding on tho gardon seat of an omnibuB ; that ho overheard a convorsation that rouBed . his jealous Indignation. Tho speakers were tho tousnts of 19 and 21 Lavondsr road. "That chap at No. 20 is a regulur dog,", said tho first speaker." Ho was at it again yesterday. The pretty little girl comes to sco' nim ovory'morning. He trots hor round tlio garden when he's done philandering in the' liouso. put my wifo's oyo's on him 1" : "Mino calls it 11 chnmoful scandal," answered his companion, laughing. 1 , . Tho senndul offered llioni tho . satisfaction usually folt for all compromising incidents which do not disturb our own comfort whilst they npxical to our non-morul sonso of humour. .'' Mr. Thompson, already joalous of Miss Boll's intimaoy with Mr. Budd, now' becaino convinced that tbo uutlior was a literary Bon Juan and lho typewriting a special voil,. Tho innooont young lady must he rosouod, ovon if it wore against hor own will. It chuucod 011 that ovoning that Miss Bell, who wns lcarniiij-; to rido tho bicycle, u more capricious macluuo ovon tlinn a typowritor, strained hor onlclo in tho porformunco of an involuntary iicrobatic feat. Finding licrsalf unable to fulfil hor engagement, sho unsus pectingly cnllcd Mr. Thompson to lior aid. Ho, darkly listening, undertook to convoy lior inossago to liis rival, mid if need ho " typo " at his dictation in lior pluoo. "This," thought Mr. Thompson, who had a tiisto for phrases, "is tlio long arm of coiuoidenco. Determined to dissoihblo his purposo bo dolivored Miss Boll's mdssngo. It' considcr- nbly agitated tlio novelist, who, howovor, nccoptod tho suggostiou that Mr'. Thompson should "oomo round and do liis 'typfug' till Miss Boll was woll again." , Whan his visitor lind gone Mr. Budd pluokod tho most' lavish nosoguy liis flower beds could produao mid despatched it, accom panied by a doficnto lioto of sympntliy, to tlio Kuiferor, by tho roluotnnt hand of tlio 'onvious housemaid. Tli 11s it camo to pass that tho viudictive Mr. Thompson, whoso aggressive uprightness of character had been iiceentiuitod by a conrso of oiilturo at tho polytechnic, appeared, in Miss ' Boll's placb, and sat down. with. . a truculent look in his ay e, .which meant, "I will unravel this plot." . Mr'. Budd, although the change of secre taries' weighed upon him with a keen scuso of discomfort.' wiir unconscious of lho gathering storm, although nwitvo of tlio flight of his inspiration. Assuming a practical und husiuoss-liko manner, lie said, " Kindly road tlio last paragraphs, mid I will rcsiimo tho dictntion." Sir. Thompson, having fluttered tlio lenvns in 11 contemptuous manner, obeyed in a grating voice, "'Thou us Ronald listened a graceful figure robed in whito sloln across tlio fragrant garden lilco a warm-blooded ghost. Tho nightingale sang swdetly to bis mute, tlio hob of lovo ' " "Orb!" corrected tlio author. "Orb." " All right, ' Orb,' but sho wrote ' Hob' — ' palpitated in tho sky, mid Ronald's heart swnug litcb a ponderous emotion',' " " l'endulous, my good sir, pondulous," corrected tho ntithor. " ' Fondnlous emotion,' llicn, 'iii his daunt less breast.' " Here tlio rendor slopped and shrugged his shoulders disapprovingly. After a pause, lio continued in a voico of inorcnsiiig exaspera tion : " ' "My lovo ! My lovo !" sho cried, sco ing liis raw-worm ' — I suppose yon menn ' war-worn ' — ' figure bcnoatli tlio shadow of tho funereal Ireo. " Sylvia," lio exclaimed, " my beloved Sylvia, aud how do wo measure kisscB?'"" Hero Mr. Thompson's indignation could endure 110 more. " 'That's a nice question to ask a rospcotahlo- young woman," ho said, turning a frowning faoo at tlio author of it. "You nro not hero ns 11 critic, sir, but a typowritor," snid tho deeply offended mun of lot I era. But Mr. Thompson's virtuo hud now takon thn bit between its tooth, uud could not bo pullod up. "It seems your meAsuro is 'passion's tumultuous arithmetic, " lio continued. "But tuko my advice mid drop it. Tlio gamo's up. Tho neighbours are all talking. It's tho common scandal of tlio U.3U 'bus." " What d'you mean ?" cried Mr. Budd in bewildered ntiger. " Simply that I've foiiud you out. You'vo beou trying to uudormino Miss Boll's moral character witli all this lioiisenso about kissing und ' tumultuous passion.'. Look here, I'm 11 friend ot hers. It's my duty to Btop it. Slio's all right, hut ovcryuue ill the street knows whut you arc. Ask tho ' oulsidcs ' 011 tho 9.30 'bus if you want to know." But tlio author of "Tho Heart of My Lovo " could fiud 110 soul-relieving expletive to reliovo his wrath. " So this is what yon liavo como Iioi'e to toll me," ho said ill last. "Leave my liouso at onoo, sir." Ho Bprang from liis scat and confronted tlio burly defender of innocence, but - 011 second thoughts rotreulod and added : " It' you don't go I'll call a policeman mid bring mi action against you for dofnmutiou of character." "If you'ro under tho delusion thut your clmractor'll boar inspection, do so by all moans," suid Thompson. "You'd hotter include tho wliolo street, in tlio indiolinoiit. Keep your lmir oil, though ; it's 110 good blustering, J list understand that Miss Boll isn't going to do your typing any more." " Did sho tell you so ?" "No, but I kuow my duty." " I shall go tuid soo hor at onco, and ask for mi oxplimntioit," cried tlio much ugitatod nam of letters. - Mr. Thompson was not prepared for this hokl measure, but was rather dismayed to find his rival exhibited no signs of tho con fusion wo associate with guilt. Then Mr. Budd, olosoly followed by tho now somewhat discomfited Mr, Thompson, hurried out of tho liouso in his slippers uud garden lint. At tho end of U10 road, by a happy inspiration lilco ono of his own characters, lie hailed a hansom mid, leaving his companion hosituling 011 tlio pavement, sprang in aud drovo to tho lodgings of tho pretty typewriter. Ho found lior rcudiug "Tit- bits" ou tho horsehair sofa. "Pray bo seated," alio said, with it winning smile, thrusting hor paper out of sight, ' ' mid oxouso mo rising." But Folix Budd, refusing tlio oliair, in au oxoitcd voioo told his story. IVhon bo had finished, ho said, " I must bog you to givo au explanation of tills extraordinary ennduut," "Thuro is 110110," sho said, " oxcopl; thut ho lias behaved lilco a lunatic. But lio shall ox-, plulii und upologiso himsolf." "It must bo tlio jealousy of madness," said Mr. Budd nervously. "lio has tio more right tobo joalous than importiuout to - my best and kindest of friends," said Miss Boll, with 11 scaircoly p'er- coptiblo break in hor voioo. "Who shall fathom tlio motives of the liiimmi heart?" uskcil Mr. Budd. " Who, indeed ?" ussontcd tho charming invalid. " At tliis point tlio boll rang, and Mr. Thompson ontorod tho littlo sitting-room. , ' : "And now, Mr. Thompson, snid Miss Boll, "what is tho' inclining of your un warrantable and idiotio behaviour ?" - Mr. 'IliompHon fumbled his luit uneasily. "Tho truth is, Miss Boll, you'ro too young nnd innooont to uudorstand those things, hut. 110 ono with knowledge of tlio world could mistake tho iutoiitions of this mau." "Prny do not mind," interposed Miss Boll, soothingly, to tlio nugry und flustered novelist, " but lot us hear what ho has to ouy." " Woll, then," said Mr.- Thompson Bullouly, "going up to town yesterday by tho 9.30.- 'bus,. i overheard tlio two gontlomon who occupy Nos. 19 and 21 Lavender rood talking, about you. The windows of thoir residencies overlook tlio gardon of No. .20, in wliioli, it liooiiis, there are strango goings on ! visiblo to tho naked oyo." r1 ' 1 " What sohndalous imputations I" inter rupted tlio author. ; . , i ; . "Woll," continued Thompson, prepared to phjoy his innings, "0110 says to tho other, whilst I bent over to listen, us iii duty bound, and not ns a oommon eavesdropper, ' What d'vou think of that oliup at No. 20 ?' Tho otlior replies, 'Why, lio's a regular ditwg.' A pretty littlo girl ooinos to boo him ovory morning, and no trots lior round tlio garclon whon thoy'vo doho plillandoring - in tho house.'" "That's enough I" oxolnimed Miss Boll | anil Mr. Budd simultaneously, with soarlat fanes. "Yob, and so I thought," continued Thompson. ."And. whon I perooivod thu wiokou nouvotiu BtufI with wliioli your niorul character was boltig liiiilerpiinod, Miss Boll, I 'deoided it was my duty to'put a stop' to Ibis intrigue." "You idiot!" cried Miss Boll. "Novor aponk to mo, or oven look at mo again." "And I ondorso ovory word Miss Boll, in hci' anger, lias said," helix Budd chimed in. But, sonso uf virtuo still buoyed Mr. Thompson up. "In that case I shall writo to your papa nr.d lay tho oiibo before him." "Do so by ail menns," retorted Miss Bell. " I havo nothing to be ashamed of." "Certainly not," said Mr.'Budcl, "nor I." " What, yon ? Why, they say you are a 'scandal to tlio street,' " retorted Thompson. "Whoever says bo shall bo .miod for defamation of character, and inado to pay hnavy damages," shouted Mr. Budd. "And now I coma to think of it, your own conduct is actionable. I eholl consult my logal adviser, and you shall hear from him shortly." Tlio threat of logal irbeccdiiigs damped Mr. Thompson's zeal, for ho had a friend who was a solicitor's clerk. "My conduct lias boon actuated by tho highest and purest of motives," ho said, be ginning to licdgo. "Wo shall sco what the judge thinks of it," said tlio novelist.' In tlio solemn silonco whioh followed, Mr. 'Thompson decided to consult his logal friond before continuing tlio unequal contest. "I may linvo Coon inistaicoii, of course, " lio sniil. ' But Miss Boll roso from her sofa in spito of lior sprained foot, wliioli, in' tho excitement of the moment, sho forgot, and pointing to tlio, duor, snid : "Lcnvo this room directly. I will submit to 110 further insult, sir." "Sho looks iiiugnifieont," thought, tlio novolist, with u professional oyo to tho dramatio effects. "I shall liiost certainly write to yonr pupa," replied tho now' baffled Thompson. " This matter is 110 longer in my hands." "No; you'll find it's 111 my lawyer's,", sniil All'. Budd, with a threatening cyo. Then, with a witlioring glance, Mr. Thompson strode -from tbo'roum with as much dignity. ns ho could ussuuia. . Whon lio was gone, tlio iuovituble explana tion oiiinoi ' " "I huvo," said Air. Budd; "beou tho uu- conoious moans of exposing you to. tho calumnies of my neighbours. Thoro is but ono oxouso, dear Alius Bull." " What is that?" sho usked cngorly. " Tlio Jovo wliioli runs through my romanco is but tho palo reflex of tho pussloiiryou have inspired." " "An-. Budd, this — this declaration— is un expected " ' " Afy inline is ' Felix. Surely you sus- .pouted " " I suspected nothing." "But you know now. What I3 your answer?" "To what, Fo-Fo-Felix ?" " Will you marry mo ?" : "Yos, k-lix." . "' And do my typewriting all tho saino ?" "Yes, Folix, only more carefully." "Thon wo will writo our hooks in col laboration." "Yos, Folix: safo from scandal. And as for llioso logal proceedings, wo will drop them." "Certainly, my durliiig, if you consider your character has been vindicated." Aud so onco again "Lovo was tlio con queror." . \ 