WILD EELIN. HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES AND BITTER SORROWS. BY WILLIAM BLACK. OI1APTBR XXVII.— A WILD TLUNGE. The moonlight night, wns gradually aud silently unfolding itself like a flower; and something like the perfnmc of a flower came stealing In from the ghostly grey meadows and from the cltiiups of older down by the stream. On the terraced portion of the tennis lawn, under the wide branching trees, Eellu was slowly pacing up aud down, listening. In the perfect stillness Bounds seemed to come from great dlstnnccs; aud amidst the vague murmur that told of the towu, she thought she could detect the hushed, remote, continuous rattle of car riages drlvlug up to the Assembly rooms. Of course, that was but a fancy: and It was a faucy that left no envious sting behind It; she was well content to be where she was— free from apprehension— her own mistress —with all the witchery of this solitude around her. Lady Helmsdale's little scheme had worked admirably. At the last mo ment she had sent a note to her dearest Mary, saying she was In despair; not for worlds would she have disappointed Eellu; but here, before her eyes, was her clinical thermometer registering 102.8; It would be mnduess to venture out; who, then, could be found as a substitute to take the dear child under her wing? And at first the Bean-an- tighearn's imagination went frantically seeking for some such substitute, nud she would have sent oft the servants to this one or thnt among her friends; until Eelin had demonstrated the futility, of these efforts, and assured her mother that she would In finitely prefer to be left alone. Indeed, the poor woman did not . make much of- a Struggle; the fatigues of the day had given her a sick headache of a desperate charac ter; aud eventually sho was persuaded to betake herself to bed. And thus It was thnt Eelin came to be walking all by herself on the terrace above the mysteriously moving river; and far away was the dull golden glow sbed by the lamps of the town; and out here above the dim grey fields nud the dnrkor woods the white moonlight Increased fn its soft radiance, and there was a glory over the land. Then, from the other side of the wide current, came the voices of some young men and maidens, who were most likely going in to have a look at the festivities; and presently their laughing and talking gave place to musical notes, for one of them had begun A Boat, 11 Boat,, Haste to the Ferry, and very well they sang. Nny, Miss Eelin, at tracted by the measured cadence thnt came faintly across the water, herself joined In— in a low alto that could not have been henrd half a dozen yards from where 6he stood though sho used the version Lily Neilc and sho were accustomed to slug together: A boat, a boat, liasto to the ferry, For wo are going to Altnalicrry. The next moment a wild project sprang into her head. Were these lads aud lasses really going in to Union-street, to watch the arrival of the Illustrious chiefs anil chieftains, nud their still more resplendent wives and daughters? And could not she also, with a sufficient disguise, join In the crowd and become an unobserved onlooker, recognising one after another as cnch successive car riage drove up? Would she be in time to see how Lily Nolle was looking, dud how her dress boenme her? Surely a tartan shawl over her head' nnd shoulders, and brought well round her face, would ennhle her to avoid detection? It would be an adventure, anyway; and she might pick up some of the "voces popull," for the subsequent amuse ment of her girl companions. . , Now the tartan of the Macdonalds of Kln- valg consists mainly of deep purples, blues and greens, so thnt this was a very sombre figure that -presently went away along the banks of the silver trembling Nlsh. And In process of time the moonlit world was ex changed for the world of gnB; though, to be sure, when she had crossed the Suspension- bridge, and entered the main thoroughfare there, she was nearly on the point of aban doning her undertaking. For the whole town was In an uproar; nrm-llukcd youths lolled along the pavements, vainly endeavor ing to slug choruses in tune; pipers skirled at random, regardless of audiences, In nny convenient corner of lane or alley; now and again the convergence of the mob threatened to block the way; but all the same the slow string of cabs and carriages crawled on ward, depositing party after party nt the glowing entrance to the Assembly rooms. And although Miss Eelin had never before been in the streets of Invcrnish on such an occasion and nt such an hour; and although the rough-nnd-ready conduct of her neigh bors from time to time rather frightened her, still she was by nature tenacious of purpose; she kept edging herself along; courteously yielding one second, gently In sinuating herself the next; until at Inst she had obtained a position from which she could very well survey the drawlng-up of the carriages, nnd the stepping out of the gay throng, nnd their crossing the strip of red baize that led to the brilllautly-llt door way. And within the safe concealment of this voluminous shawl she ' found herself very merry nnd light-hearted. She laughed to her self to think that now she could spy upon her various friends nnd ucqunlntauccs, aud criti cise their appearance and expression and cos tume, without herself being subjected to any similar ordeal; It seemed to her that she had all the fun of the fair without nny of Its serious entanglements. Unhappily she ap peared to have missed Lily Nelle. Perhaps that young lady had come early, to'liavo her pick of partners; but here were plenty of others whom she knew, descending one by one to crosB the pavement, and forming very pretty groups In the liall-way, their pnlo- liued attire appearing all the more effective because of the, rich background of military uniforms and full Highland costume. And did no sense of Injury, no jealous grudging, stir within the bosom of this hooded specta tor? Not one bit. She hoped nil the girls would find excellent dancers. She knew that the chaperons would prove considerate. She trusted there were bowers and alcoves for the sitters out. She wished the whole cora- puny of them happiness and delight, aud the girls especially — the consciousness of looking their best. For "nowhere beats the heart so kindly as beneath the tartan plaid"; nnd sure enough this was a Highland shawl that wrapped her round. Her friendly reveries were rudely Inter rupted. There stopped forth from a cab two young men— both of them In ordinary even ing dress — one of whom she recognised only too easily. Burly and beaming and shining nnd polished he was, luughlng und joking loudly with his companion, his clean-sliaven,, potboy face showing a rolllcklug good liu-, mor. Mountmahon did not sec her — indeed, could not sec her; but all the same, and with au indescribable loathing, sho Btartcd back to get away, aud In doing so touched tho foot of someone immediately behind licr. in stantly she turned to apologise. "I beg your pnrdonl— I'm sure I beg your pardon!" she said, nnd nt the same moment Bho found that Archie Clllcbrist was looking down upon her, nnd Btnring at her, In pro found amusement. Ho was not to bo de ceived by any closo drawn head covering; ho had seen her eyes— he had heard hor voice; tho eyes nnd the voice of tlio woman he loved; it was not likely that ho could be deceived. "Oh, how do you do, Mr. Gilchrist?" Bhe said In rather an Incoherent fashion. "I I walled to see one or two of them pass In. But now I'm oft home. Good-night." "You must let me see you through the crowd," he said— though he hnd clearly not got over his astonishment nt finding her In such a place and in such a guise. "The other sldo of the street will be better." And with that, nnd slightly preceding her, he piloted hor across to the opposite pavement, where there wore fewer passors by.; the' straggling populace of Invcrnish had concen- trated itself round tho entrance to the rooms. "But," she snld to him presently, "are you not going to tho ball?" "Oh, no," he answered licr. "I thought you meant to write an article on all the amusements of the week?" "Yes, nnd so I may," he snld, "from the point of view of an outsider. But I could not go to the bnll. I dared not risk the - chance of seeing you dancing with- the man who crossed the pavement when you turned awny just uow." "You mean Lord Mountuiahon," she said cnltuly. "Well, yes, If I bad gone, I sup pose I must have danced with hint." "And the devil himself never invented a more ghastly profnuatlon!" he said, with an Intensity of feeling that startled her. She did not look up, to gntber the expres sion of bis face. And as she remained silent he went -on: "I had witnessed enough lo- duy. 1 saw him at tho games. I was tborc, within the enclosure. I saw him paying court to you — before ull the known families in the Highlands. I saw him give you flow ers— a man like thnt! And perhaps— per haps I heard something of the common talk; anyway, I could not stny ; nor did I venture to go near that ballroom to- night, except as a reporter watching the arrivals. There ate some things that provoke only Indignation and pity— nud indignation and pity that aro of no avail ; and it Is better to keep away." Well, It was no part of her duty to. defend herself against any accusation, however ob scurely Implied, brought forward by this young man. He was not much more than an acquaintance; interesting In himself, no doubt, nnd still more Interesting with re gard to his literary schemes and dreams and aspirations; yet hardly so intimate, with her as to entitle him to assume the position 'of monitor and judge. Nevertheless, thcro was a ring of slucerlty In bis voice; and bis man ner, was not presumptuous, but quite tho re- , verse of that; and thus it was that Wild Eellu, Instead of hotly resenting his Inter ference, found herself meekly replying; "If I were you, Mr. Gilchrist, I think I would not pay so much attention to. what people say. As for the bunch of . roses — well, refusing them would probably have . attracted more notice than accepting thein; and Indeed I thought so little about them, one. way .or the other, that us soon as' wo got outside I threw them into the street. Then, about this ball, and my dancing with Lord Mountmahon, or sitting- out dances with him; suppose for a moment that I re mained "away for tho very purpose of avoid ing uny such possibility? Why otherwise . - should I be here, walking homeward, with a Bbawi round iny houd?" - \ He could not find words to express his re morse nud self reproach. "Will you ever forgive me?"- be pleaded. "I had no right to say what I did, even if the worst were true. It was not uiy place. Only — only— there Is this. It may not be much of an excuse; but there is this; that when one has found — even with a great distance separating— when one. has i found one's ideal of all that Is' beautiful and honorable and pure and Bwcet In womnn- hood, then — then one dreads tho npproach of anything likely to contaminate it. 1 And so there may be causeless apprehensions und fears; yes, nnd there may bo prosump- - tlon, too. But if you will forglvo me -this time, I will not presume again.",-. He had so humbled himself that sho was sorry for him; and she wont out of her way to be kind to him; and would lend the- talk towards his immediate occupations hnd af fairs, and to the (volumc on Tnnnnhlll and Hector Mncnclll that ho nud Bhe' were to brlug out together. By this time they had got away from the dlnsomc town, nud were out in the moonlit solitudes; but there was no suggestion on the part of cither that- he should relinquish ids charge of her; they con tinued their leisurely walk by the whlte- glluting stream. Not that they were the sole occupants of this phantom world. Far on the other side of the river a drunken sol dier was seated on the, bank, most mournfully singing My Nannie's, Awa". He, was not a. ferocious"' warrior, but a peaceful ;"hls plain tive ditty meant no burnt to auy one; he was merely commiserating himself on the nbsuuee of Nunule. Two dillicultles he had to cou- teud -with: the one was a 'recalcitrant memory, so that every now und again he would stop altogether aud hark back;' the other was the presence of grace notes at the beginning of the repetition of each lust line. They mind ntc o' Nannie, but Nannie's awa'— The . . . . y mind mo o' Nauiuc, but Nannie's awa. It was tbe second "The . . y' that bothered hint so fearfully; but he wus a conscientious performer; lie would attack those proUmi-, nary nourishes, aud wrestle with them, and heroically strive to. overcome them, until he appeitred to get sick-tired of the whole affair; he stretched out his legs on the buuk, and turned over on his side, and no doubt was immediately fast asleep. Aud meanwhile around the two wanderers the enchanted world had grown hushed and still— ns Blicnt ns their ebouy-hlack shadows on the silver-grey road; so that every tone, and modulation, perhaps even an occasional tremor, of their speech could he heard by each of tbciu, for recalling nnd remem brance. And Archie Gilchrist wns In n con fidential mood— into which she had led him unawares; in particular he was telling her of the joy and pride with which his mother, the poor old woman tip In Dingwall, had be held his first appearances In the columus of a newspuper; and how convinced, how bravely convinced, she was of his ultimate success; and how she would be more than ever confirmed In her prognostications It once he could show her his namo on the title-page of an actual, tangible, printed hook. Of the perfect nnd beautiful devo tion of these two, mother and son, to each other, there could he no doubt In' the mind of uuyoue who listened to these recollec tions; and Eelin liked to hear him talk in this way— It was so huilau, and tender, and true; she felt that she was drawu closer anil closer to him In sympathy; she followed these confessions with little gratified ex pressions of assent; hers was a nature to un derstand this mnu nud his humble surround ings and his hopes, aud she paid htm the tri bute of somcthlug more than respect. -' Then he was emboldened to reveal to her his great immediate ambition, which was nothing less than this— that the old woman In Dingwall should come for a day to Invcr nish for tbe purpose of being Introduced : to Miss Muodouald of Kluvnlg— that her eyes might behold her for a moment or two', and perhaps a few words be exchanged; where upon the girl, in tbe audacious franknoss ot her generosity, Imincdlntely.oxclulincd— "No, Indeed. Why should she bo put to the trouble of travelling? 1 will go through to Dingwall nnd call on her." .'" "Thnt would hardly do," he said, hurriedly. "If you were to he so kind as that, she— she might make a mistake. She Is it' great, reader. She lives a good denl In the world of romance, und she might think that wild and Impossible things were going to happen — — " "What things?" she asked. He hod need of nil his self-control. The cry of his heart wns very near to his Hps. "Impossible tilings," lie said curtly. "No. Some ilny l will go through to D'lngwall nud bring back iny mother with mo, because— because I wish her to see you for even a minute. That day will record my hlgh-watoi; mark. Thereafter " "Yes?" "Thereafter tho old mother will go home again to Dingwall, where the few people slir knows live. And as far myself, I shall re sume my solitary work, glvlug up— hut surely not without gratitude— associations and! friendships I am not entitled to " ' "And why solitary work?" Bhe asked, again. "Is that good for you— or for nny- liody?" "Perliups not," he Bald? absently. "Soli tariness Is apt to chill one's sanguine enthu siasms. Being alone Ib a disheartening kind of thing. One's fulth lu one's Holf Is so npt to give way. It Isn't thinking of tlio 'mighty poets In their misery dead'; it's thinking of tho millions of competitors who aro alive, and blocking every avenue. Never mind, ; success Isn't everything. My fight through the world may. be long, and dreary, aud n failure, but It need not be Ignoble. My pen shall not be a venal one. I will never de base my calling. And there Is nothing dis honorable In poverty — If that Is to be tho end-—" "But why should you talk In that way?" she answered him, gently. "And why should you voluntarily give up friendships that you yourself appear to value? Do you think that It Is only the proud old lady In Dingwall who looks forward to a groat future for her son? There muy be others who believe In you; who know what you will do; nnd who are only too willing to offer you comradeship and goodfellowshlp nnd syinpnthy and help. 'And why should yon refuse? — why should you turn nwny .?" Then the delirium of the moonlight night leapt to" his brain. "Eelln," ho said, "In that future, what ever it may have In store, will you be at my Bide? Eelln, will you be my wife?" And who can tell what sudden "Impulses ot soul and sense" mny not nt this same mo ment have swept nwny her renson from her? She turned her eyes full on lilin; she exten ded both bands; she said, with a fine cour age "Yes, I will!— I will!" 'And then he would have drawn her to- kvards him to kiss her as n sign and sealing V>f the compact; but she shrank away from blm; nnd got free. "Oh, no— not that!" she said In mingled alarm 'and distress. "I — I will explain — I (will write and explain. Good night!" For by this time they had reached the gate bf Glengarva House. "But I have your promise!" ho said, breathlessly, "Oh, yes, yes, you have my promise," she answered hlra, as she opened the gate", and again and noiselessly bade him farewell. Morag the Mull lass was in the hall, sitting bp for bcr young mistress. "Oh, Miss Eelln," she said, In grant con cern, "whnt- for linvo yon stayed so late In- the garden. There are fearful beings about— and they nre the most treacherous when the moon Is clear " "Toots, blethers!" snid Miss Eelln, In good-natured scorn. "Lock the door, and put put tho lights, and get to bed." As for bcr, she went upstairs to her room In rather a gny and gnllnnt mood. She had not In the least realised as yet what she had done. .CHAPTER XXVIII ENGAGED LOVERS. ' At each end of Eclln's dresslng-tnblc there was a lighted candle; between these wns placed her writing desk; and now In tho early hours of tho morning she was labor iously trying to compose a letter. But on this occnslon the ready pen nnd readier wit of "White Cockade" had forsaken her; she had made - ninny efforts, nud as many fail ures; and these had not been torn up nnd thrown Into the waste paper basket — they had been carefully put aside for some safer form of destruction. After all, It Is not an easy thing for a proud-spirited nnd sensitive young woman to explain to tho man she has just promised to marry .that she would rather be safeguarded from endearments and demonstrations of affection; somehow the phrases would not come right; they were cold, unsympathetic, unmannerly, tuimaldcn- y. The tragic humor of the situation was that she should consider It necessary to write lu this strain to Archie Gilchrist of all persons in the world. It Is true tbnt when she promised to be his wife he had offered to kiss her, as was but natural lu the cir cumstances; but the Blight Involuntary ges ture with which she had shrunk back wns for blm ns a wall of Iron between tbcin. Did she fear his Insisting on his rights of posses sion? Then It wns little she knew of the man to whom she hnd pledged lior life. And nt last she abnndoned the hopeless task; she threw herself back In the cushioned clinlr; nud stared blankly before her, nt the twin blinds of the partitioned wiudow. At first she did not notice any change; her eyes had grown, nccustonicd to tho yellow glare thrown upward by the candles, and to the dull reflection of It opaquely returned by those vertical lengths of linen-; but- of a sud den it occurred to her that this opacity had pnrtly disappeared and that a certain trans parency had taken Its place. The blinds were no longer yellow, but more nearly their natu ral color of bluish-white. And then she under stood. If tho now dny was not yet here, nt Icnst there were Indications of Its approach; nnd so she got up, and extinguished the cnu- dles, and went Into tbe little windowed recess from which she could look out on the awakening world. ' But not yet awakened. Sleep hushed and profound dwelt over the banging woods; tho cold, stoel-grcy surface of the stream was undisturbed by any breath ot morning air; not a leaf stirred; (he night still seemed to claim Its own. Nevertheless above the foll- aged heights across the river— those brooding heights that had become a bank of solid, dark, rich olive-green— wore premonitions of the, wonders of the dawn; here and there a touch of ineffable rose— n transparent swathe of faintest saffron— a mystic glow' that enme stealing Into the heavens, waxing warmer and clearer minute by minute. Were they still nt their dancing In yonder town? Or was It not time for the last of the carriages to be summoned, lest maidens' checks should look pale In confronting the splendor now mounting Into the skies? But was the world Indeed so empty? It appenred to her that for the briefest second her absently gazing eyes hnd caught sight of a figure crossing an open glade In the bushes opposite the distant weir. Aud If this wore not a ghost— If this were an actual human being— very well she knew who It must be. iWbo but a demented poet would be haunt ing the Islands at such an hour? And then she looked at tho pile of unfinished letters, suggestive of an Impossible, endeavor; and she thought the explanation would be over so much enslcr If she could seo him face to face; and If there Wore any chance of moot ing blm, what more auspicious moment than the present, when there would be no passers by to Intrude? It wns a prospect that nt once filled her with n sense of'Joyous deliver ance. She forthwith locked up the dis carded correspondence, to he dealt with by- and-bye; she finished her dressing— but enro- fully enough; and then she got nwny down stairs nnd out of doors. If she were to he missed, no one would express tnuch surprise; the household were familiar with Wild Eelln's ways. By this time the dawn hnd declared Itself right royally; the zenith wns a wonder and glory of lustrous orange cloud, with Inter stices of deep purple; and so nll-porvadlug was' the flame that the smoother breadths ofthc current, no longer of a cold steel grey, had cnught a warm bronze hue, under the soft- green of the rowans nnd alders. As she passed through the wicket, and followed the pathway. lending between the fields and .the shingly banks of the stream, she noticed .that the mists were slowly drawing up the hill sides; but the darker mountains In the south did not seem ns yet to bnve emerged from tho night. At first she walked quickly; but when she . came to the well of sweet water, and turned to cross the first of tlic small bridges, she knew that now she must Intercept the stranger, whoever he may he, If he were anywhere about those Islands. And so (with affected carelessness of observation) she wandered along the winding avenues, 'under the branches. of heecli nud lime and . .elm; and now and again she got a glimpse of her own home, far away on the other side of the river, with no sign of life about It yet. Next she came upon Archie Gil christ.' He was seated on a wooden bench, with two or three books by him, an open "one on his knee, nnd a pencil In bis hand. .When' the slight sound of her footsteps caused, hiin to look up, he was as ouc para lysed, and he grew very pale. "Oh, no," she said, shilling, In reply to lils affrighted stare— only, ns she ndvnuccd to wards him, she was as rose-red as lie' was white — "I am myself. 1 am not a spectre. Do you ever see spectres— spectres of me, I mean— when you come about the islands at these unholy hours? — for I hope I don't -walk' in that wny " 'The small gloved hand she gave him was certainly not the hand of a phantom; but w;as still startled. (To' be Continued.) . . 