DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING AN A OTOIOonRAPHy. (Reprinted from "The Australasian" of I 1887 by Special Permission.) CIIAPTER XXIX.-(Contiunud) "After I had been in the once a ,cv days, Mr. Sawyer hlid obtained through nme at least half a dozen payable cases, and in recognition of my zeal lie sent me in a stock of flannels and socks and Milton's 'Paradise Lost.' Mr. Palmer, too. soon urged me on to business. One afternoon, when we were inl the Iflice by ourseldcc, lie carelessly said, 'The turn key's cok is going out in a day or two, has anyone applied for the billet?" 'I tal not aware, sir. I answered, ' but I'll inquire.' He then asked me if there was much money in the gaol among the prisoners, and I told him thallt there was. He made no, other remark ; but I under stood him, and shortly afterwards I made my appearance in the labor yard I soon found a moneyed applicant for the billet, and the next imorning I Ilaced £5 upon Mr. Palmer's desk, iinned to a piece ,f paper upon which was written, ' Samuel Lcewis for turnkey's cook, and Samuel Lewis, I need hardly ray, with such a recommendation, obtainted the appoint ment. "The nextmorningapound note witl tile words ' James Donaldason-interview with wife, who will call to-day.' The wife called, and the interview was grant d. It would be utterly imptossible for me to recollect a tithe of the cases in which I thus introduced men to billets, or wives ; to men, and the caaes that I lmeintion are only in illustration of the system. The 'billets were in tlemselves worth about '£5 a-week, and two or three pounds aliavs found their way to Mr. Pahner's de.k for interviews in atlitios. " But the business tr.tsactions of T pton G ol ramified into far more profitable directions. Let me cite one particular case which I well remem ber, because there was stomi inquiry mlde shabout it afterwards but without eny effect. 'A prisoner named tlilllmas Jalrleson w\as convicted of hirse-stranuig, and si!letnc.d to seven yrars on the roads. he iild in the handl of tile galer when cu.i ,teid the sult of £-40, hich ell su was dult ,inttered in thie ' Pritoners' Unasbooki Son neuu.l have Lsen, rtter conviction, handued over to the sltettif for hlia d judloation. Instead, however, of this being dolne, I have all itterview with the uuu, aitd expalain 'o him that his money is toletted to t he tGoverutllllt, but Otat if he likes to sign all order tur its pay mIent, ns it given before llis tri:al, lie all have '£10. The man. jumps at the offiler, and rhe oldert written itl tie followig form: "Tipton Gaol, November, 10. 18-. "To the uuveruur ut the i.lul. " Sir.--l'. a?t pa.y to my Itrend, Mr. Simont Edwards, iue ?oun of £O, being lmioney ut mine in " yoar atits. " Ttout.ts JAMtIESON. Witness.-David G teen, turnkey. " As the iman was convicted on tiheliilh No?ivetuer, tins ante-dat.d older is god authouriry to pay crary tle itooiey ; lnd thu, to l lta all sure, ndlll to p.toe tLat tLe money as really paid, the rec?Cpt is cni td.,red upon the order. " Soletioslll these ordeli were minad payable toud r. Sawyer, ai.td Mr. Sawyer \-- asa;;c?os?uatedstignugeto -ree.ii pthe-tet pro ftirm.• In cisdes i thiis kind, about hadn tuie tIIamount tnamed in the order was leo. tee me on .Mlr. Pahner's desk to hand i, to e prisoner. The ordercsystent was a miact prliitable source of income ; but a ietllnes losses were incurred through the dishonlttrable conuuct of the roguies wholm \ir. I'.limer's discipline failed to inbui o w5ti correct principlcs. I recollect well OUte heavy loss that occurred. There was a nlil in tile gaol named Fenton, who -wa.in the : comlillitted' yird awaiting triaL At th e lhouse where he had been lodging le had leit his box. and in this b,,x there was n:arly a hundred pounds. At my suggestito Fenton gave the gaoler ani order to obrtat the box and bring it to the gaol. Every precaction was adopted to give the attair tile appearance of a lsquare ' tran?ractio'i. The sheriff was incidentally informed of the circumstance, awl tie order to obtain the box ewas duly w\iitnessed by the free clerk of Tipton Gaul. The box having bern brought, and the c-eh safely di,osiiid-irr Mr•. +'aimer' s hands, Mr. Sawyer was then sent for, and obtained, le'gitimately enough, £30 for the man's defence. Mr. Sawyer's per. u:asive eloquence had so operated upon the mindl of Fenton that he never thought for a moment there was any danger of his bIeing convictcd, and consequently he left tlh money which remained with MIr. Palihne. I prepared the instructions for counsel muyself, and after consider ing all the pro and cons of the case, I certainly was inclined to think that Fenton, tnt ugh undolubtedly guilty, would manage to escape. The sequel proved that tmy vlogic and Fenton's expecta trinst ere equally false ; for tile jury found him guilty wtlhciet any hcsitation, and the judge wais e tualiy prompt in pro llollcing ull:lt tit thU seCtence of ten years o:r the roads. The I:man had nearly 40D remtalin tt i M1r. Palmer's hands, I 1 for this, Iwhrich really, after lis con. vcititti, It,.oged?fl to the Crown, I gave 1.ii live £7 ntites, Ihe of course signing tile au. date.l order for the payment of the irhiole amonllllt to some itllgilary person. 1 reai" talotk I hare a genius for business. \'h.et 'a pit) thalt cattot pretvail IIpJni solttebh-dy tet mdul ie ; I'm sure I shouldi :dtre a fortIune uattalthjply qIuick. Here is anl einstrce of llty keeicls iji teeing all Op n'ig fer the ,ixteunsion of MSr. iIh,:ltus" p.,, s, no~ t? I nctre a tlonopoly of ,t. The u irisitlers tsho-t oIlOIey ti.ra ir ie li :tiatod uonl such very liberal tcr.? in\es; I theI reater p:iit of the suci i,: I uvoys ''te acituoly handed to aI. it._h tiui.': 1. Fur this lIuxuryi they p't it i- or e l"nl pI-ta rctating frtit the monke?r. t oir. P id r's golitdt'tial ':rceuld i , lly dear reaher, sec t'Ii. iutr: teous iarong emnl ittvcd atd be s ir? Coull I lienstrel'y Iehtull every ttirtlkey in the ipi ,e moetaudaciuoslya ii tuie'rttcirlolyai pript'iitting proft whicht wrr the lwfut iaes of tily ovin worthy listthr I No, nit; itt a regitue, 'tic true, but it was nt ii te to sta nd cahtly by and so this griat wrong dtto0. No wllvuter, then, that v nle evuting ctli ptiio soI gl.atu otpened tio atttit a cart, and then i fott that cart wece lransferred two koli s ,, the very ir.t Ameriett tobacco. No witt.er that I packed it away carefully (3Mr. ahnler looking on witii benevolent ciip!jc.'noey) ii the lower part of one of the ellise bok- presses. No iuonder that I by rellitg it at 11s. a pound I very soon obtaitid the whole custom of the gaol, so *et a' evtntually, for an order for £20, h \r. 'Pahieir did really and truly give a?bout 50. But ererprise begets completirion, and originality leads to imita'ion. Thus it was that a fellow nmned Rolih, under sontenceo to two years, took it ii'n his head to do a little aeniey business for more ordinary turnoke, and was fast pocketing all Fenton's eitih ; and what w:as lore ellnarrassing still, was getting quite familiar with the 'mvsterie s' of the esta ilishment. It therefore became im p rative to remove RItoth, and ough was accordingly removed to another gatd. Solue few days after Rough's removal, very early one moruing a letter was brought to the gaol gates, addressed to the sheriff. Tile letter was brought into the gaol oflice. I took it from the turnkey who handed it in, and as soon as I glanced at the superscription I walked over with it to Mr. Pahnler's lesk and said-' Rough's writing dangerous.' Mr. Palmer made no reply. Ho looked at the letter for a minute or two, and then, placing it before me, walked out of the oltice. I knew well enou, h without being told what I had to do. and so, with am any hesitation. I opened the letter and read it. As I expected, it contained a tirade of abuse agailnst myself, and a long statement in reference to FenIton's money. I copied the heads of the letter, and then enclosed it again quite artistically. Mr. Pinlmer shortly returned to the ofilice, and I placed my extracts before him. Ho w;as quite bewildered as to the steps to be taken, and suggested the adv'sability of burning the letter. I saw this would not nuswer, for if Rough heard nothing morn ,f his communication lie would be apt to speak to the sherilff on is ia first visit, and this mlitght leii to awkward inquiries. I thereflore advis.d that the letter should be left at the sheriffs ltlice, along with is lot of other papers, before the sheriff arrived, .snd then the sherifflr would not lie in the least aware that it had ever been seen in gaol at 11l. As I always pretended to the prisoners in making bargains with them that thle mneay was kept in an iron safe in the tttlice, of which I possessed a dupli cate key, and that it was I who was run ning e desp, arte risk in taking it out, Mr. Pailller's vIuIe was never menitioned in nmy baraniin that I male with Fenton. If, then, Fenton shtoul be called and ex munined by the sheriff, I saw clearly enough that if even he told the truth (as the truth seemed to htu), thle sheriff would detect a lie upon the very face of the story. The balance of money pro parly doe to the m.an was entered in the prisoners' cashllbook, and Mr. Pallner would of course say that hlie still held ;t, to be disposed of as the Governmenti msight direct. Just what I had anti cipated really happened. The sheriff, ill the course of the mornillg. came down to the oflice, and tiold me to go out for a few minutes, as lie wanted to speak to the gaoler Out I walked accordingly, and in a few linlltes Fenton was sent for. IHe was in with the sheriff for somne minutes, and then the sheriff went himself away, and Fenton was locked up. Fenton' a statement was (to all appearance) so evi. dently a fabrication that the sherifl wouldn't listen to it. I iam not sure, but I believe lhough was punished for inaking a malicious statlement. The' only evil re sulting from this fellow's ofliciousness was the loss of the money. " I am happy, however, to be able tc assure the reader that, through my admirable arr.,ntgements and very judi. cious management that these losses occurred but seldomi. Pardon this self. lanudation ; it is really my due. " I believe Charles atimib was not only a very good author, but a very good clerk into the bargain. But, neverthelese.s, a rule, literary aspirations and c.rical duties don't very well harmonise. I do not assert that a lit, rary clerk has of necessity a tend,-ney ' to pen a stants when lihe should engross,' but I ktnw from my olwn experieisce that it is very ddtlienlt to be currect' irr'imaiking outaecintrrfisheirnthieret exists in the miud oiny tendency to the poetic. Everybody knows that I have mnathematics enough to pass an exami nation, and yet sumehlow li that Tipton Gaol I never could be correct. " It was the practice of the gaoler to purchase on behalf of the Government, for the use of the establishment, wood, lime, &c.; The vendors of these com modities, so long as they gut the money for whlic theay sold, were perfectly willing to sign anything. lcafnnotsayhoi it happlened that I was always extremely busy when over any purchase of this kind was made, and when the vendors entered the oflice to sign the voucher which had to be for warded to the treasury, I used (being in a hurry) to say, l Here, just sign it blank ; I'll fill it in afterwards.' " What fatal mtistakes I utsed afterward to make, to be sure. If it was a commimon cart-load of wood thatcost thirty shillings, when I came to make out the account I wits almost certain to remember it as a w-aggn-ii aI fi r which three pounds had been ptlid. If twenty bushels of litlme were purchased at five shillings a bushel, under the influence of somie chronic dis order of the mind the transac ion ligured in tlme a,:.ount as thirty bushels at seven and sixpence. The receipts appended to these accounts had to be witnessed, but as it was so very troublesome to be calling someone into the ollie every now and then for the purpose I allowed them to re main until there were several which re quired witnessing, and tltn i r. Palmter introdluced a turnikey, who was unable to read, but who could write his own name, to witness the payment of the money not the actual payment, but just what happened to be written down, and thou, after obtaining the sheriffs signature to the acountsl Mr. Paimnew'alkeyd offtothet treasury and received the money. "All Overnment business, as far as I am acqunaited with it, appears to heo done in a mtanner rwhich seems to dclu lare plainly enough that every oflicer in thle service hlas a tendency to ie dishionest. What a vast amtount of clerical detail, lwhat duplicate and triplicate returns, ewhat signing and counter-signing, iwhat aidititng in this oflice and checking again in that, and yet hirow really impotent are all these expen. nive safeguards to guard agIainst rascality tyllcn rascality is resolved iupon. I shoultd like to ketw wlho, alollg the host of 1ofit cials through 'lihsp I)atds ylr. Palmer's accouits passed, eover discor?Qe4 the fact tihat Mr. Palmer was doing theo Oovern inelit brown. " Another profitable sourc ofincoCme rasthetoransfer of prisoiers to othler estab lishmients. There were some places to iylgiph the prisoners liked to be sent, and others wtitwl thely were anxious to be kept awray from. Th16 poioer b. Selecting thle melt Wts ilt a great measure in IMr. Pal mer's IanlsE, and I must say that thlis power wv alwaysw exercised witll tlhe nicest discritiination, for the right man was sure to go to the right place, which assertion simiply signiifies that the man wnho could p lav ,senit to the place deemed good, and the man wlio elco4l not pay to the pa;no repluted to be bad. "In connection with these payments I lhave to declare a fact and to relate an aieedoto. "' Firstfor the fact. It was often asserted by certain malorolent-minded persons that Mr. Palmer was a prould mian,. This I deny. It is true that he had an air of dignity peculiar to himself in the manner in which he trlu?afqrred to his lwaitcoat pooket tlt9 i5-notes which 1 wag accustlned to place upon his desk ; but I declare most solemnly, that si, humble rasn he in the estinmate he formed if his own value, that hl always received with a thalkful spirit the modest olleringoif halt a-criwn. It was with fear andl tremblin thlt I ;t first ven tured to present so insignifil'a.t a mira i)r his acceptance; but the great good man smiled benignly upon the gift, and proved his merit by his modesty. Am I nut right, then, in declaring that Mr. Palmer was not a proud ent ? '" Now for the anecdote. There was a irw estallishmlent to be: open ci in the vicinity of Tipton, atnd Tip:on Ga:ul was to transfer to it stome thirty or forty pri soIert's. Through mly agent, tche alrber, this news was very quii'kly dissemitt ted through Ihe prison ; and on the day aft.r its promulgationa I presented myself in the labor-yard for the purpose of receiving tenders. I asked one if he couhl iooIk, an other if lie could louk after a irse, it thild if lie understood waitilng at table, and tihus, without auy direct assertini of llille, it was understood that I was ti-eking for men to till the billets in thie ne p. i.in. Candid:itcs innumerrable pries ted theim selves, but 1 toldl thetan tloy -re it . take ; all I could trnaise wa:~ that they should be sent, ald ita to hbeing placed in a billet, why they mustun take their alnice, though, as ita ltter of couerse, thios,: who went lirst would doubless be sehectd. I was in tile yari something less than ni hour, and on leaving it i ti d the in-aes of twenty applicants, and the sun of £l16 in my pocket. The mie: wi.re all sent, and tell other ilnaleis weru als., ill r;d ii tile list. Atmong thesu test n:au!ls agie tlhe a?mle of Aaron Dutch. This nItelll was seenl by the barber, wlci used t .: l.ep liel office out, ar.d he very natur.lly told the uman lie was going. Aaro: was;t a cute fellowv, and so he thought hle might he able to work a dodge. He sentt to tile to s8y that lie wished to speak to Ime. I iaccuril in-ly went to the iron railel gatre f the yarl in which le was confinied. anl calling himi to it asked him whiti:t ie wa ledl. .lie said he wanted mle to sc.d himi with the other mIno to the Iother lplace, antd that hIe would give tme £3. lie took a £5-note ott of his pocket and asked tmi if i had three sovereigns to give him. I directed him to wait a minute ancd back I went ti the oflice anl obtained the mnney. On re turning to ith gate Aaron still had in his hand the £5, and as I pIassed tIhe three sovereigns to him he pa:sstd the note to me. Without looking at the note I placed it before Sir. Palnl.r, who was sitting at his desk, but when lie cane to look at it lie found it was only a tworthless flash note. I was terribly vexed at being out witted, and although Aaron's name was in the returns, I iletermincd tom nake them out again aind subsitute anothern:itue for his. I first went to him tnild tld him that stontes were being broken at a shilling a yard in the gail.and tl:at unless he handed me back the money lie tmhuld be detained in Tipton G?,ol until lt hai1en broken six*, yards if stone. Ile only laughed at me, and said lie knew very well that his name was second on the list, anid that he was going without payment at all." Tilhe balance of my friend's Tipton Gaol xap -rieonces I mlust reserve for another chapter. CHAPTER XXX. PRISON MYSTERIES (CONTINUEDo.) "I returned to .Mr. Palmer, and re lated to him what the fellow had said, and I represented that it wouldl, in a busiiess point of view, he very iiiplitic to alfrer Aaron to go, tas it vwould lead other men to think that, after all, ipying didn't seem in the lc-ast necessary. With Mr. Palmers' concurrence I sat up thl t night and made out a fre.h return, in which the name of Aaron Dutch did not appear. t~'h- very day the iienii were c:lled limt it so happened coat the sheri; visitu I the yard, and Aaron, exosis; rated at his dis appointment, coimpltined to the sheiri that I had threatened to keep him in the gaol unless he paid me £5 to be seoi else where. Mr. Palmer was prestint and he informed the sheriff that I had nothlng to do with the selection of the men, as ihe always made the list out himself. The sheriff took no notice of the complaint, and Dutch was not sent away for some weeks. - " I have now tospeak of an event which grieved me very much. It soon becalme know to the pIrisoners that all business had to be done through the 'clark.' If a man wanted a visit from a friend, the 'clark' was appealed to. If a billet was required it was the • elark ' woe was fee'd. If there was any money in tthe utiiae it was the clark' who was spoken to about it. In brief, every kind of crosswork that was required to be done had to pass through the hands of the 'clark.' "One day a inmesag camn to- me- frour a man named Batty, rtforming me that lie would give me five pounds to send him to another station. I immediately went to the man and assured him that on receipt of the money he should be tran?ferred. He told me that hie had no money with him in the prison, but that he would senid word out and get it. lie accordingly sent a note to some girl with whomn he had been living, directing her to give the 'cliak' of the gaol £3 to have hitm (Ilattr) sent to some bettor place. This note was delivered by adischa god prisoner;and the house at which it was delivered was a brothel. The girl, after reading the note, throw it down upon tle table. A few minutes afterwards the detective police had occasion to pay a visit to the brtlhel, ahqd oj oL thcnt took un the snote anti read it, Seeing in it 'that the gaol Sclark' had to be bribed, they determinied to make the experiment themsulve.c With this view they got a person who was not known at the gaol to stop the free clerk of Tipton Gaol as he was leavini for home, and manne hun the olfer of £5 if he would send Batty to another ea tablishment. " The next morning the free clerk asked me (he knew very little of the business himself) it there was a man of the naume of Arthur Batty in the gail. I told him that there was, and he then asked me if I could oblige him by inserting his name in the next list of transfers. 1 an swereC that I could easily do it if lihe wish it. - "No more was said. I thoutght in nmy own mind that Batty' friends had arrangedl with the free clerk in the matter, and I was really glad, as the man had a large family, that he had the opportunity of obtaining a trifle. lie was a very gentle manly .lan, and was not in any way con ceirned iil lueo 4oings of Messrs. E.lmeir, Sawyer, and Co., although, being shrewd; iiejjudged that things ieruerteutxactly mrt the squaro. The next mornintg the free clerk eontered the gaol oflices as pl as a ghost. He was very much exeitel, iand walked backwards and forwards ii the office without speaking a twrd. At lad, turning to me, he said-' I1 ae Cutomp! ol ruined I what nmypuorlamily rill I I t,,' know. God help ime I'm a: aru.; ,,: man.' TO BD CONTItNUED What's t-e extremte pear.:: i1 asked a man of an eminent leta Cr, .a.. irLew1f .Tro sPlnnrf ind.os" 