THE ITALIAN RIOTS. In the Ion<r category of bloody encounters between rival nations and factions two have been singled out as beii)» specially glorious and far-reaching in their results. We refer to the American civil war and the liberation of Ttaly bv Garibaldi. Tn one the object was (ostensibly) the liberation of tehe slaves; in the other, the welding of Italy into one solid nation, to be governed on liberal lines. Both succeeded—primarily. The wheels were set in mot.ion, but the rust of years have brought them to a standstill. The glorious fruit, pricked with agonised effort, has turned to ashes in the mouths of the "liberators." Iu America, the uigger is rapidly being disfranchised. In many parts of the Southern States he is shot on attempting to enter a polling booth. On the other hand Sambo accentuates his " obnoxiousness " by refusing to work, or to live up to the white man's code of morality; and with appalling frequency a white woman is outraged, for which Sambo is promptly tied to a tree aud burnt with green wood, to the manifest satisfaction of the whole white population. Before another generation, at the present rate of accentuation, the Southern Whites will massacre or drive out the Blacks, or else be massacred or driven out themselves. So much for the schemes of Abe Lincoln; so much for the hangiug of " Old John Brown "; so much for the Civil War, in which 1,000,000 men lost their lives. This is the result. In ttaly what do we see half a century after Garibaldi's meteoric march from Naples ? A nation in which the lower stratum is absolutely crying for bread—not for " eight hours and eight bob a day," mind you. bpt for the liberty to eat something a little mere nutritious than grass. Garibaldi freed Italy from the tyranny of the princelings who misgoverned it, and from the mild despotism of the church, for what? For a magnificent foreign policy which has made Italy a " great power" with an enormous army, and an unwieldv fleet— at a. cost of .£500,000,000 • for a vigorous '«colonial policy" which has resulted in Abyssinia; for a system of government liv the people, of the people aud for the people," which has led to the swindling and taxing to death of the said people. The octroi or gate tax (says a writer in an English magazine) is a curse to the whole land. Nothing cau pass thegates of any eitv on town without paying this odious and inquisitorial impost. Strings of cattle apd of carts wait outside from midnight to morning the poor beaBtB lying down in the winter mud arid summer dust. Half the life Of the country people is consumed in this senseless stoppage and struggle at the ;ates. A poof old woman oatinot take a Seweggsherhenhaalaid, or a bitof spinning she ha* done, through the gates withoutraying (for them.: The wretched live chicketiBand-ducks, geese arid turkeys wait halfadayand a whole night ooopBdup in stifling crates; oc bung neok downwards in a bunch on a mil. The oxen ahd oalveB are kept without food throe or four nays before their passage through the gates, that'tli ey may weigh less when put in the scales. By this insensate method of taxation all the food taken into the cities and the towns is deteriorated. But worse still are the duties on imported grain and flour, amounting to 3s 10d on the former aud 6s ou the latter. List Christmas the duty on corn was as high 5s 91, and popular clamor had already developed into riot. A man and his family, earuiug .£100 a year in Italy, is estimated to be taxed to the extent of £24 per annum, as against <£4 iu England. These taxes discourage production, which declines while imports rucrease. In 1879 the military expenses of Italy were 232,000,000f.' They are now nearly three times that sum. " It is no f . only th<j imperial but the municipal tyrannies which destroy them; they are between the devil and the deep sea ; what ihe State does not take the commune seizes. The most onerous a d absurd fines await every trifling sin of omission or commission; every insignificant unimportant little forgetlulness leads to a penalty; ridiculously disproportion ^d to the offence —a little dust swept on the pavemeut, a dog running 'oose, a cart left before a d< >or, a guitar played in the street, a siesta taken under a colonnade, a lemon or a melon sold without a permit to trade being previously purcha-ed and rearisterel.some infinitesimal trifle for which the offender is dragged before the police and the municipal clerks, and mulcted in sums ot' 3f. to 30f. Fre- quently such fine iB enough to ruin the hapless offender, and, unable to pay, he has, to go to prison. The imperial tax of richezza mobile is levied on the poorest. Often the tied has to be so'd or the t>aucepiins pawned to pay it. The pawning institutes are State affairs ; their fee is 9 per cent., and the goods are liable to i>e sold in a year. In Prance the fee is 4 per een t. awl the goods are not liable to be sold for threo years." The awful poverty of the peasantry and laboring classes has induced an epidemic form of leprosy. Twelve and. eleven per cent, of the Lombard and Venetian population are smitten, and those who are not actually struck by the plague are debilitated by the bad nourishment. The statistics of the conscription for the army give horrifving results. In 1878 the report.of Geueral Torre shows that the number of conscripts excused for constitutional infirmity was 20 per cent, in Lomhardy aud 18 per cent, in Venetia. The commission of inquiry on the subject of the pellagra says:—" The cause of this malady is extreme misery, so that uuder the medical question we find the social question." The country districts of South Italy are even iu a worse plight, and nothing is left for the peasants to do but to emigrate to the South American States. More than 80,000 men went iu one 12 mouths, leaving 300 kilometres of lovely uncultivated districts. As for the country population at Reggio, where bergamet scent is distilled, the workmen go to bed at 5 in the after- noon, arise at 10 and work all the night through, and until 3 the next afternoon. For these 15 hours hard work in the scent factories they are paid the sum of Is. per day. Their food is destitute of meat or wine, consisting of pepper foods dipped in oil, and eaten with black bread." The condition of the peasants in the Basilicata is no better. There they collect at evening in the towns or villages. living in damp cellars or caves. Often a whole family possesses but one bed, upon which men, women, children, and old yeople sleep pell mell. Such are the results of "liberation" : absolute national beggary; and starvation of the niasseiB. The condition of Italy to-dav is singularly juialagous to that of England immediately after the suppression of the monasteries by Henry VIIL Whatever the faults of the Ohurch, it was at leagt charitable, whether in England or J Italy, The monasteries were to the pj>or a refuge from physical as well ]&s; spiritual hunger. Fifty years ago Italv swarmed with beggars, but (here was no starvation. There was not much civil liberty, but there was bread. The people may have been slaves in the eveB of patriots, but their shackles hung lightly on them—they were riot industrial slaves such as they are now. As a matter of fact Garibald. fought for an Italian republic—the Sardinian King didn't enter into his calculations The movement now aims at the establishment of a federal republic, and the Pope is said to favor it. Fancy the Papal and Garibaldian ideas fraternising! Could the ghost of Italy's last hero reappear in the flesh he might rind himself iu alliance with the successor of Pio Nono against the very government he was instrU*/ mental in setting up. 