SUNDAY AT HOME. ANOTHER COMFORTER, (By the Rev. F. B. Meyer, M.A., Christ Church, Westminster.) And I will pray the Father, and He shall ;give you another Comforter.-John xiv., 16. "Another Comforter," or Paraclete the. Master said. The Church has two _dvocates, the one with the Father in heaven; the other ini her mid-ct, "for we have been builded tolgether as an habitation of God through the Spirit." "Ye," said the .Apostle, speaking of the church collectively, "are the temple of the Holy Ghost." When the one advo cate went. up, the other came down to be. to; each believer and to the -whole ;Church, all that the Lord Jesus would have been had the ministry of the 40 ,days been indefintely prolonged. This is the -Secret of Prayer. By the Spirit in the heart, we are 1 brought into living sympathy wit-.the Saviour on 'the throne, and we naturally ask for those' things which it is the will of God to give. Of course, as the Churelh is made up of individual believers. the immanence of ,the Divine Spirit in the whole depends on hi?s im manence in each. And his Indwelling in any individual spirit is necessarily productve of all manner of Chrst-form ing, sin-destroying, grace-producing results. Holiness is tlie inevitable outcome of the indwelling of the Holy Ghost when he is permitted entire and undisputed euprelmacy. Of those our space forbids more than this mere men tion, as we wish only to enumerate the special functions of the; Spirit o.f God in respect of the Church's mission in the woirld. The Anointing Function. Here,too,there is a remarkable parallel between the experiences of Christ and of his Church. Not only was he con ceived of the Holy Ghost, but when the long preparatory period had passed he was an.ointed for his work as -the great servant of God. He stooped to asso ciate himself with ,ainners by submit ting to baptism in the waters of Jor dan, and immediately 'the Spirit of God, who had been in him, descended upon him, and he was able to say, "The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach." This was our Saviour's Pentecost, the hour In which he was endued with power, and was filled by the Spirit, ndt by measure, but in illimitable abundance. Similarly, when tthe Church was essay ing to undertake her great mission to the world, to preach the Gospel to 'the poor, to proclaim liberty to, the cap tive, the opening of the prison to the bound, she, ,too, wae? anointed for her work. Not -a step might she stir, though the world was knocking at her doors, till she had been thus endued with power from on high. Ever since then, the risen Christ has been Anointing and Enduing Men. The oil which has been so copiously poured on the head of our Aaron descends to each fragment of his sacred dress that claims the sacred chrism. The Lord received the Holy Ghost as an individual ,at the Jordan, but he re ceived him again, so Peter 'tell; us, when he ascended up on high, and 'this time as our head and representative (Acts ii. 33.) He has been infilled that he may infil; anointed that he may anoint; endued that he may endue. Though in all this it must be remem bered that we are not now touching on .his divine nature, but on 'his office as the high priest of his Church. As a river pouring over a mountain-ride fills the large tarns and lakes belowv, so the nature of God pours into the divine human nature of the Son, and so by the Spirit into all hearts that by faith claim his infilling. His Administering Function. Throughout the' Book of the Acts, we find that the Holy Gho:-t is the prime mover and 'administrator. He said to Peter, "Three men seek for 'thee, go with them, I have sent 'them;" he said, "Separate me Barnabas and Slaul;" he controlled the movements of the Apostle, "the Spirit of Jesus suffered therm not;" he was so evidently present in the Church, that the first official do curment ran thus-"It seems good to the Holy Ghost, and -to us." He struck down those that lied against his divine majesty. These are instances out of many. Indeed, there is not a chapter in the Acts which does not con tain some reference to the administra tive function ocf the Holy Ghost. And what was true of the early Church has been true in the history of the uni versal Church in every age, and might be true of each separate one. My be loved friend, the late Dr. Gordon, to long -talks with whom on this subject I owe sc much, once told me that in his earlier ministry he was more anxious to administer and guide his church than In later years. He found that he was attempting work which the Holy Spirit could do better. 'I.t was enough, therefore, to preach perpetually on the work of the Holy Spirit, to keep his people's minds directed towards it, and to believe that the Spirit himself would cnergise thrdugh the church to the per fect realising of all its possibilities. The Co-operating Function. A scientific lecturer often employs thit services: of a demonstrator, who, by the experiments he performs, or the figures he chalks on the blackboard, presents to the eye what the speakeir is presenting to the ear. This co-opera tion is like the double lens of the bino cular glass, and the impres-sion of the conjoint witness is propdortionately great. So, ever since the day onf Pente cost, when a servant of Christ has stood up in the, right condition of Soul, and in believing felldwvship with the Divine Spirit, he has been a fellow-wit nesa- to the Gospel. "We are witnesses of these things, and so is also the Holy Ghort." Whilst the servant of God is elaborating and enforcing the truth dis closed to him through the Bible, at the moment that he is speaskinng the Spirit of God i?s at work, convicting of sin, righteousness,'and judgment; demon strating the truth of what is advanced, and driving the arrow home in the joints df the'harness. It is a mistake, therefore, to argue for the Gospel; it Is better far fo bear witness to it. This is our function. "Ye shall be wit nesses unto me." But it is highly im nortant that we present Christ in his Gospel. The Spirit is not bound to add his testimony to aught else. Not to bursts of eloquence, nor to reams of essays on the last strike, nor to philosophy and science, but to the truth as it is in Jesus, is the Spirit responsive. If once a man learns to rely on this, it makes him wonderfully calm and still. His fury and passion will not effect his purpose; but if he really know. "the communion," or partnershiip, "of the Holy Spirit," that will 'shswer all. His Upi' ilding Function. Between the ilrst and second Advents God is forming a new humanity. The head was constituted in the incarna tion, but especially in the death and resurrection of the second Adam. The body is being added, soul by soul. It is worth our while to give full mean ing to the phrase, "Believers were the more added to the Lord" (Acts v., 14.) They were, of course, added to the Church, but before that they had been added to the Lord. They were added to the Church because they had been added to the Lord. This is a: special function of the Holy Spirit to attract. and draw men to the head. He does this through the Church. Thus the body of Christ is being built up. In the purpose of God we may say, as David did of his natural body, "In thy book 'all my members were written, which in continuance were fashioned." That is the point; the mem bers of the Lord's mystical body are being fashioned In continuance; 'and as each new fragment is added it becomes the vehicle or channel through which the energy of the Holy Ghost passes to incorporate still more. His Revealing Function. The one aim of the' blessed spirit is to glorify the Saviour, a. the aim of the Saviour was to glorify the Father. The very expressions that were applic able in this connection to the Lord are equally so to the Spirit. Compare, for instance,. these two remarkable sen tences-"I have not p<oken from my self," and "He shall not speak from himeelf." Itf we may so speak, the Holy Spirit shrinks from drawing at tention to himself. He is gladdest when all the light that he can focus shines full on the face of Jesus, and men are taken up with him. All that detracts from the pre-eminence of Christ in the heart-life and thought life of his people is an immense griet to him whose mission is to glorify him by taking of the things that are his, and revealing them to those who love. The life which is most pervaded by the Spirit of Jesus will have most of the beauty of his character reflected in it. And the spirit which is really Spirit-filled, will talk m,nre of the Lord Jesus tnan of the Gracious Agent, whose joy is to reveal him, and to be himself unseen. Our Individual Paracletism, through these priceless functions, will be in proportion as we learn the mean ing cf St. Paul's .word.s, "That we might receive the promise of the Spirit, by faith" (Galatians iii., 14.) Not by long vigils, nor by prolonged fastings and prayers; nor with a storm of emo tion, and the witness of sense; but calmly, quietly, and through faith we may receive all God intends in any of these directions--not once or twice, but repea'edly; not spasmodically, but con tinuously; not emotionally, but by the adjusted attitude of the consecrated will. A lawyer, noted for his laconic style of expression, sent the following terse and witty note to a refractory client, who paid no attention to reiterated demands for the payment of his bills:-"Slr,-It you pay the enclosed bill you will oblige me. If you do not, I shall oblige you." Bank Clerk (scrutinising cheque) "Madam, we can't pay this unless you bring some one to identify you." Old lady (tartly)-"I should like to know why?" Bank Clerk-"Because we don't know you." Old lady-"Now, don't be silly! I don't know you either." The Sollcitor-"Did a policeman come up and take your name and that of the 'bus driver?" Plaintiff-"I no understand. I am spicking English ver' leetle." The Solicitor-"Did a copper come up and take your namicos?" Plaintiff-"Yes, two chaps come up-two coppers." Advertiser-"I wish this advertisement placed in some part of the paper where the people will be sure to see it." Country Editor-"Yes, sir-yes, sir. I can put it right alongside of an editorial, if you wish." Advertiser-"H'm! Please put it alongside of the football news." "No," she sobbed, "I do not wish to marry him." "Then why not break the engagement?" asked the mother. "If-f-f I do, he'll want back his diamond ring." 