The Storyteller, I THE TWO WABDS. ( Continued from Wednesday1* issue.) CHAPTER I. — ( Continued .) I But Mrs. Raymond would not see her hus band's appealing look. She was jealous of Milly. even while she affected to despise her for * her old-maidish ways and want of stylo w i haven't a doubt of yonr sister's abilities, Mr. Raymond. How oan I cherish one ? Haven't' I heard the tale of her good bouse irifprv over and over again 3 I mast 6ay. how ever. that I prefer attending to my domestic affairs myself ' ' Gut the children, Georgie — you were sAying only this morning how maoh they worry youf and how thankfal yoa would be for a little help in the nursery.' -? Dear roe, Mr. Raymond t do you profess to bear in mind e«ery little foolish speech I make ? The children are very good, and I have an' ex cellent nurse. I couldn't think of troubling Milly or anyone pise with my domestic difficulties I prefer to surmount them myself ' ' And wisely, too, I think,' said Millicent, gently. 4- Tou are very kind, both of you, in offering me a home here; but ray plans are made, and not even to pleage you, dear John, will I al^r them » ' Of course not,' he retorted, scarcely know ing whether to be vexed or pleased that his wife's ill-nature fell harmless ' Woman a'l over, you have already decided on your coarse, and yet come to pay me the doubtful compli ment of asking my advice without intending to take it.' ' Not your advice, bnt your help,' said Milly, with a loving sini'e. ' I intend to offer myself as companion or housekeeper, or both, to any individual who will accept ray servioes, and give rac a salary large enough to pay for my toilettes, and you must give me a recommenda tion. ' John demurred, for although heavy respon sibilities had weighed on the mind of his sister lor years past, apd robbed her of her first youth, her home had always been with her brothers ; while Mrs. Raymond elevated her hands in dismay. 'What! Go to service ! It really is nothing less. What would people say if they heard that Mrs Raymond's only sister held such -i menial position ?' ' I should not think anyone would be so im pertinent as to broach such a sahject to you,' Milly replied, with some dignity. For my own part, as long as I do right, I am indifferent to ihe opinions of indifferent persons.' ' But in our position ? ' Mrs. Raymond was beginning, when her husband broke in and silenced her. ' What does Maurice say to your independent notions, Milly ?' She brushed awav a tear ?? Both he and Gmma combated them till they saw that they were making me unhappy by their opposition. Indeed, .John, t have decided ritfhtly,' she added, with earnestness. ' Don't let your affection for me blind you to the truth [ am young, healthy, and capable of earning ray own living. While I could be of use to Maurice, [ willingly stayed with him ; now that his in irriage sets me at liberty, it is as certainly my duty to go as it was to stay.' I ' We must marry you, my dear child,' said j Mr? Raymond, patronisingly. M Girlts with no money do sometimes make excellent matches, I and you do not look your thirty years yet ' I ' I am only eight-and-twenty,' said Milly— j ?? precisely your own age. As for marrying' — | and she laughed and blushed very prettily — ' you luve often told roe that I am born to he an old inuitl, and I am quite content to accept my vocation ' ; ?? But you cannot be serious about taking a j situation, Millicent! It would be so awkward forf/c, you know My own friends are all so well connectcd that, as I often tell John, it be hoves us to be very particular.' And Mrs Raymond sighed, as if her anxieties wi-ro overwhelming. ! Milly was tempted to ask why Georgie's rich | h oMvis should object to her preferring to work ! f -r her daily bread instead of living a life of! depondenne on one or other of her relatives ; but sho cheekcd the inclination, and turned towards j her brother, who suiiled at her so kindly that ! she was reassured . I *' I II think it over, little woman. You are riylit in leaving Maurice and his bride to them selves, and equally right, I suppose, in declining to come here. But I'll not have you do any thing hastily - on Georgie's account, you know ; ami, in consideration of the fine feelings of her connections, I most take care that you are com j'oitihlv placed.' 'If Milly will bu so self-willed,' waid Geoigie, whi- did not. delect the irony *\vith which he spoko, ' had she not better go into London ? The Harford people are so very exclusive, and our own set especially, that it may make it very unpleasant to have her settled too near us ' Milly coloured high: and her brother gave vent to the annoyance this speech inflicted by a long, low whistle, which, with him, meant the displeasure many men would have expressed in a stronger fashion. -( Will you ring for tea, Georgie, and ask cook what she can send up with it for our visitor? This is a queer world, little woman,' he ex claimed, as he laid his hand on his sister's, ' and we cannot always make our way through it ju#t as we wish But never mind. You go back to Maurice's in the morning, and I'll sec what can be done.' It was rather an indefinite promise, but Milly ? knew that her brother was to be trusted, And -he obeyed him, leaving Georgie half inclined at tho last moment to regret that she had not been more conciliatory to the bright, lady-like little creature who had won the hearts of her shy children so quickly. In making preparations for the nuptials of her hro'her Maario, and then in preparing the m-ulest vicarage for the reception of the young emip'e on their return from the Isle of Wight, Mill v had been too busy to calculate how many weeks had slipped hy since her hurried visit to Uaiford. till one morning a letter from that iown wt.k put into her hands. ' I haven't forgotten ynu, little woman,' John besan, ,4 and hav9 been making inquiries far an-1 near ; with what results you had better come and hear If you can get here before to-morrow afternoon, do, as I have arranged an interview for y vj with the gentleman who is anxious to secure your services.' The 'jentlcman I Why, how could John have ?-o mi^underetood her as to imagine that she would care to act as housekeeper to one of the epp -site sex? Then Milly bethought herself '-it this obliging strange*- might be some widower overwhelmed with the cares of a large family of small children ; and, with all her sym pathies aroused by the conjecture, she prepared o obey the summons CHAPTER II. MH. ERBINGTON OF LEABANKS. ^ no railway came within fivemileuof Holton )e-M/-ors, and rapid travelling -vhs therefore impossible, the day was far advanced when Mi'!\ Raymond alighted from a fly at the door cf her brother's office, and entered without ceremony. But she hesitated on the threshold when she saw that he was not alone. A gentle man. in a riding-dress, was leaning against the mantel piece, talking to Mr. Raymond — not in the listless drawl which so many affect nowa days, but with the quick, pleasant utterance of one who bikes & ceitiin degree of interest in evprv subject he converses upon. ' Don't go, Milly,' cried her brother, catching :1r-:hi of the little figure that was noiselessly reirc-ating. '* It is of you we were talking Mr. r-rnnyton, this is the sister of whom I ppoke when you inquired if I could recommend you a housekeeper. Perhaps you will prefer to be a ^ne with her while you ask the usual ques hut Milly laid Iter hand on herbrother'6 arm. ' Stay, John. Are you not endowing me with capabilities than I possess when you i-connncnd me to a post that denMtads, I fear, £Mter knowledge of housekeeping than I can *Vu- I thought I might be usefal to an dderly iiv or invalid ; but I have lived too quiet a life ^ 'in-lertake the management of a large estab ,l»hinent.' Mr. Krriogton smiled a little sorrowfully — a 6mile, however, that was very ^becoming to features that were'still good and even youthful, though his hair was beginning to gel thin at the temples, and his forehead bore the deep lines of some great trouble ' My dear Miss Raymnod,' he said, ' your brother should have told you that for .a long time my house at Leabanks has only boasted two female servants and an old man, who Is gardener, butler, and all else. lam a widower, with an only son, who has been at college for some years past ; and when a man lives by him self, his wants are few.' Something in his tone— a melancholy ring, only audible, perhaps, to so keen a listener as Milly Raymond — made her lift her eyes to his face sympathetically, and draw a little nearer to him. But John, more matter-of-fact, inter posed, with a dry relation or the matter in question. 'Look here, Milly; Mr. Errington has just had the guardianship of two young ladies en- i trusted to him, and it is for these ladies that he requires a chaperon and companion - a sensible, dtfluesticated woman who can take the head of his table, see that there is no waste in the kitchen, and accompany his wards when they drive, or walk, or pay visits. Am I expressing your wishes correctly, sir ?' : Mr Errington bowed assent. 'Iam peculiarly situated. Miss Raymond.' he said ; ' for I have no female relative who could come to my assistance. These poor girls have been residing at Maderia for some years, with their mother, who died there a few months since ; and I am anxious that they should find in ray house a home. Do you understand me ? Ah 1 yes; I see that you do. Will you, then, come to Leabanks, and teach me how to set about it ? I have lived like an anchorite so long that I am the last man in the world who should have been selected as tbe guardian of two young creaturcs just entering upon life. Will you come, Miss Raymond ? Your brother and I are friends, and he has encouraged me to make this request, or else I should hesitate to ask you to take the supervision of such a disorderly household as mine ' ' I will come, Mr. Errington. I am cure John would not advise it unless he thought I could be of service to yen,' said Milly, simply. ?* When shall you want me?' she asked, after a few pre liminaries had been settled. 41 At as early a date as you can make con venient to yourself It has been notified to me that Mis3 Lesden and her sister are on their way to England I shall go to town to-morrow, in order to be on the spot when they arrive ; and, unless they object to the arrangement, I should tike to bring them to Leabanks directly I shall give you carte-blanchc for any alterations or additions you consider necessary.' 41 Are the Misses Lesden very young ? asked Milly, who rather shirked the responsibility of chaperoning two fashionable belles. ' They were charming children when the mother's delicate health compelled them to leave England ; but Maude must now be nearly nine teen. Her -sister Ratio is younger ' 14 Will they consider me old enough and ex perienced enough to assume any authority over them ?' Milly thoughtfully asked. Mr. Errington studied her face attentively for a few moments before replying : ' I do not think you will have any difficulty in raaking my wards comprehend the respect and obedience they will be expected to pay you. I have noticed, Miss Raymond, that it is not the loud talking and domineering oi your sex who sway those about them most thoroughly.' 41 Be satisfied, little woman,' her brother briskly added. 'I am conscientious enough not to have recommended you to Mr. Errington unless I felt tolerably sure that you would suit him.' Milly coloured with pleasure at this fraternal tribute to her good qualities, and was proceeding to state her readiness to enter upon her new duties as soon as the bride and bridegroom re turned home, when a horse's feet were heard coming quickly down the street ; and Mr. Erring ton, his face glowing with animation, turned to the window. 44 It is Rupert, my son. He agreed to call here for me, and I promised, on my part, not to keep him waiting.' With a fond, proud look, he waved his hand to tbe impatient horseman, and then turned to Milly. ' Is there anything else you would like to say to me. Miss Raymond ? You are sure ? Then I will ask you to excuse me for running away. Good-bye, Raymond. Rupert and I will do our best to make your sister comfortable at Lea banks, depend upon it ' When he left the room, the brother and sister moved towards the window to watch his depar ture. As he mounted his horse, he said some thing to his son, who immediately turned his dark, handsome face towards tho window ; gave Mr Raymond a half- saucy, half-patronising nod, and then lifted his hat and bowed low to Milly with a look that seemed to denote his readiness to be on friendly terms with her. ' The boy grows quite good-looking 1' said John Raymond, as he went back to his desk and his papers. -4 He inherits his niothcr'6 gipsy eyes and complexion. It's to be hoped he hasn't her temper as well.' 44 All ! Tell n.e something about Mr6. Erring ton,' cried his sister, eagerly. 41 How long has she been dead ?' il Years. * ren't you going in to see Georgie ?' 14 Presently ; when you have satisfied my curiosity. Is Mr. Errington as amiable as he I appears, and is he a very poor man ?' | ' Why do you want to know — eh, Milly ? It j isn't like you to pry into what doesn't concern you.' I 44 But I don't agree with yon there, John. If | 1 am to manage -Mr. Errington's domestic affairs, - I ought to have some idea of his circumstances, that my expenditure may be adjusted accord ingly.' John Raymond raiBod his eye6 up to her face as she 6tood beside him. 44 Look here, little woman : you are too pru dent to repeat anything I tell you — even to Georgie— so I will not mind letting you into a secret or two. Mr. Errington's income would have enabled him to keep up his estate and live respectably, but for a foolish act he committed soon after his marriage. His wife would have inherited a large 'fortune, had she dived to the age of twenty-one ; and, knowing this, he per mitted her to spend what she pleased. Her early death left him saddled with debts ; and it has been to clear these off, and place his son in a better position than his own, that he has economised to the verge of meanness.' 14 Then Mrs. Errington died very young ? Of what did she die ?' John Raymond hesitated perceptibly, and lowered his voice, as he made reply : v ' Mr. Errington would tell you that it was the saddest of sad accidents that robbed hira of tbe best, the most affectionate of wives. Olympia Errington was an Italian by birth ; and she was fond of rowing herself up and down the little stream that runs through^ the grounds. One evening she was missing there was a search made; and the boat was found floating down the river, bottom upwards, with her veil twisted in one of the thwarts. Some weeks afterwards, some miserable remains were fished up, which could only be identified by the rich silken robes still clinging to them ; and the distracted hus band, who, till then, had hoped against hope, buried his dead, and has, I fully believe, mourned for her ever since.' *' Yours is a sad tale, John, and you prefaced it strangely. Why did you say that Mr. Erring ton would tell me that the occurrence was an accident ? Surely, no one el?e had any suspicion of foul play?' No one. There was no cause for it. The lady was not much liked— she was too haughty and reserved ; but I do not think there was a creature in Barford who would have injured her.' ?* Then why did you speak 60 oddly ? Were not Mr. and Mrs. Errington a happy couple?' ' Yes, I believe so. He was madly in love with his young wife : and, though she may not, have appreciated his excellont qualities as thoroughly as he deserved, she could not be in sensible to his affection.' 44 Then what did you mean, John, by the doubt you implied ? Was there any mystery connected with the poor lady's death ?' *? N ? no ; everyone was satisfied that it was purely an accident, occasioned by her too rashly attempting to manage the boat herself. ^ Mr. Errington had gone that day to pay a visit to a house a few miles distant ; and it was supposed that his wife intended to meet him where a bend of the river carried it close to the road by whioh he was to return.' u Well, John?' The eyes of the.brother and sistermet: hers full ot inquiry ; his of some feeling,' to which, as yot, she could not find the clue. ' Do you not like^ne to question you, John ?' 44 It is not that, little woman. I know you are to be trusted : but, to answer you, I must reveal what I have never named to human soul, from the tirao it happened until the present moment; but, as sure as I sit here before you, Milly, I saw Mrs. Errington in the flesh, the very night after her supposed interment.' John Raymond was not given to romancing ; and there was an earnestness in his manner that made his sifter give more credence to his assertion that she would otherwise have done. ' I cannot understand this at all,' she said, thoughtfully. ' You tell me that Mrs. Erring ton was a happy -young wife, who had no cause to deceive her husband, or thrust herself out of the home hie love provided. Why, then, should she permit a report of Jier death to remain un contradicted ?' 14 1 don't know. I have looked at tbe matter in all its bearings. I have endeavoured to ascertain whether Mrs Errington had encou raged any other lover ; but no, I cannot learn anything that unravels the mystery. If I could doubt my own eyes, I should say that tbe verdict of the coroner's jury was correot, and it really is Mrs. Errington who lies under the marble monument in Barford churchyard ; but it takes a great deal to make a man ignore the evidence of his own senses, does it not?' 4i Where did you suppose that you saw Mrs. Errington ? ' 44 I'll tell you. I had not been long at Dan ston's when Mr. Errington married ; and when he came here— which he did frequently on one piece of business and another — he took such a liking to me, that as soon as his wife was lost he sent to beg me to go to him, fancying that I j should be a useful coadjutor. I was at Leabanks on and off till the day the corpse recovered from the water was buried, and that night I stayed late with the depressed mourner, trying I to cheer and comfort him. It must have been I near midnight when I left Leabanks, and a fancy seized me to go and look at the grave of the beautiful woman whom I had last seen driving through Barford, with her husband by her side and her beautiful baby lying on her knees. Instead of going round to the gate of tho /-hnrMivo.rf1 I lnnnftd tllA low wall, and took a short cut to the spot where they had laid her. It was on tho further side of a clump of ever greens, which I had to skirt before I could reach it. The night was still and starry and, as I emerged from the shadow ot the shrubs, I saw that a woman was standing by the grave. 41 One ef the servants, perhaps, who had been attached to Mrs. Errington ?' Milly suggested. 44 My own idea when I first caught sight of her ; and feeling myself an intruder, I was about to retreat, when my footstep fell on her ear, and she looked up. It was the face of Mrs. Erring ton herself that I beheld— the magnificent dark eyes I had 60 often admired that looked into m ne. You are incredulou*, but it is true for alt that I was quite sober—quite calm. No dread ot spectral appearances has ever troubled me, though I must own that I started back then with my knees knocking together; for the idea of the la.dy being in existence never entered my brain ' 44 And you still think it was Mrs. Errington you saw ?' H * ?' It was she or her ghost. I must leave you to decide which it could have been, for I have never been able myself to answer tbe question satisfactorily. In the course of my experiences, I have seen and heard some queer things, but none that have perplexed me more than this one.' 14 It is not just possible that, excited by the events ot tho day, you were deceived by a fancied resemblance to tho dead lady ?' his sister musingly inquired. Mr. Raymond acquiesced almost too promptly to satisfy the queriest. ' Yes, Milly, it is quite possible. I know that our eyesight often plays us queer tricks.' 14 And yet, though you say this, you do not think so. I could not have imagined that you, so business-like, so matter-of-fact as you are, would be impressed in this manner by such a trifling occurrence. It could not have been Mrs. Errington that you saw, John.' ' No ; I suppose it could not ; but — I scarcely care to tell you more, as you aro so incre dulous.' (To be continued iu Wednesday's issue.) 