VHE MYSTERY OF MABEL RANSFORD, XQMPLETB IN TVO I NSTALMENTS; BY VICTOR POWER Author of "A Secret of the Past," "Bonnie Dunraven," "The Mystery of Melanie," "A Seorot Bond," See,, &o;, copyright. CHAPTER I. ' An Ill-omened Return. HESE THINGS I ' |i «. x nn ')» B shall be sent for 1 \ 5 i J8K i- JS ' to- morrow, "the tall, bearded ' stranger said, f 9 , indicating, .with a sinowy, brown ' hand, tho pilo % trunks, rC" M valises, and corded boxes, which had just tf » beon removed from tho down express and de posited on the .(mall platform of the roadside station of >G . " A conveyance from Ransford Court will come here for. them. I am walk- fog to tbe court now." "Wallrin', sir," the porter echoed, lifting Yiis eyes to tho traveller's dark, bandsonie, eager face. " Why, Ransford Court is nigh eight miles from here. . I can £ot you a fly, eir, down at Farmer Glenson's, if you wish— ' I shan't be fivo minutes." " No, thank you ; I prefer to walk. I Iknow the distance to tho court well, I assure 'you,"- and a faint Brailo crossed thb dark ittoe— "I am Edgar Ransford. Kindly tremove theso things out of tho way." And, leaving the porter to digest this tuinouncement of his identity as best he inigbt, Edgar Ransford swung away out of the little station, and a moment later his tall, 'muscular figure had disappeared between the liigh, tangled banks of the winding Devon- ehire lane, Was it all a dream, he.asked himself ; or, (was the anticipation whioh he bad lived on 'during tho past lonely months abroad, actually about to be fulfilled at last P Was he once again walking upon the dear old road, every winding of which had its own cherished memories for him ? Was ho with every step approaching liis homo— the home he had, sorely against his will, tnrnod his back to, just fifteen months before — tbe home in which his young wife, had,, he weir knew, daily and hourly yearned for him, during the period of their enforoed separation ? Sixteen months before this autumn even- 'ing, Edgar Ransford had a momentous inter view with good old Doctor Blundell, the family physioian — a' man well' known in 'South Dovon at that time. Dootor Blundell examined his pationt with conscientious' thoroughness; tapped him, sounded him, stared- at him, coughed, frowned, and finally summed up the evidence nnd delivered tho sentence in one unequivocal statement : " You're a dead man, Edgar Ransford, if you don't start at onco for Australia !" After a pause ho added ; "You're not in consumption; but you're just on tho threshold, and another winter in England would see you on tho highroad to the grave, most likely. Away with yon to the bush — go at sheep farming for a bit, and this day twelvemonths writo to me and report your condition." "But doctor, doctor, how can that he managed ?" Edgar Ransford answered, with, a quiver in his voice. " I've got a young wife, you know, and she — she could not dream uf leaving home just at present. You know yourself in what a delicate state she is." " Leave her behind you, then, man !" was tho prompt rejoinder ; and Doctor Blundell took u huge pinch of snuff, scattering, as was his wont, one half of his allowanco over his ample vost and coat-collar. " Better, a year's separation than u lifolong one ; better Aus tralia than tlio tomb !" Tho end of it was, that, just three weeks afterwards, Edgar Ransford sailed from : England, leaving at the court his wife, Mabel, in charge of his grand-uuut, old Mrs. Craven ; and not choosing that his land stcwurd should havo the independent management i of his estate, in his absence,. Edgar requested . a cousin of his, Geoffrey Ransford, to reside at the uourt'for tho time being and to tuko upon himself the duties of tho position, until Edgar himself should return from. abroad. Thus wero matters arranged ; and Edgar Ransford sat out on his travels. Old Doctor Blundell's opinion turned out to be oxcellont advice indeed ;' and Edgar's "report," when tho year was up, was a glowing one. "I feel ton years younger', ho wrote; " I'm us strong us a lion. I hope to Btort for ' homo very shortly." Aud now ho was actually on tho roud to tbo court ; he hud already .covered more than half tho distance. His thoughts wero full of happy plans for the future — his future and Mabel's. He hoped— oh, how eagerly ho .hoped— that Mabel's health wus by. this timo fully restored. Aud yet— and the thought smote him painfully— whon Inst he hud heard from Mrs. Craven, Mabel was anything but well, judging from tbe old lady's ambiguous words ; for Mubcl herself had 'not written to Edgar , for a long time. She had always hated lottor writing ; she was a child in most ' ways. Mrs. Craven UBUnliy wrote for lior, and Mnbol, as u rule, enclosed a tiny note or added a tender little postsaript. Neither noto nor postscript had accompanied Mrs. Craven's lutest letter— nor, indeed, tho one before that, us Edgar new remcmborcd ! Bo a shadow began to cloud tlio rotnrncd travollor's happy dreams, and liis houyunt footsteps lugged. , Which of us lias not folt tbitt chilling presentiment of — what? — upon our return homo after an absence ? As wo draw nearer to tbe well-remombercd spot our lieurt sinks, a dismaying physioal weakness begins to overeomo us. Our bruin is besiogod with u tliousund agitating possibilities. Oh, that our suspense were over! Any certainty rather than this ! Slowor— slower, booamo Edgar Bdnsford's walk, and liis dark oy os had a now wistf ul- uess in them, as they wan'dored Over tho well known features of the landscape, the cluster ing orchards, tho holts of tiinglcd hedgerow, the deep-massed, woodlands, the oomfortabie farm-houses peepiDg forth here and there from tho yellowing uutumnal foliage.' And at last, ut last the gray , old park ivall lose before him, with tno hiajesHo timber bevond, and the rolling uplands and ferny dells, ttil bathed just now in tho amber light of tho doolining sun. ' - That melancholy glory, whioh gilded tho gnarled tree-stems and ohanged tbe crisp leaves to fairy foliage, in -Its transitory splendour, seemed somehow to deopen tbo shadowy' presentiment' that over-clouded Edgar Hansford's spirit. . Crossing the park by a footpath ho know full well, and thus avoiding tue grout front gates and the curious gszo of. the lodgo people, ho omerged' ere long just iu front of . tho "old court— a ' venerable, .ivy-clad pilo, with steep roofs aud mullionod windows, and tall old chimneys rising dark and spectral, < against the dying fires of the western skies. A sadness— a hush, u strange, tranco-liko stillness— wus over all ; no dogs barked, no aign of life, human or othorwise, lifted tho \- traveller's spirits from, their depressed atato. In the tall, discoloured urus ranged along the terrace, rank: weeds were ovor-arowding the few, shume-strjoken flowers; and, with a now misgiving at his heart, Edgar remembered thut his wife Mabel had always levcd flowors, und knew how to tend tliem, too. \- Then why, why thls'terrlble-nogleot? ' Ho paused and listened; What a relief It would have been to bin oars at this "moment !, had lio.hcurd the liquid strains of Mabel's gloriouij voice— her one great gift was sing ing— floating ' forth . upon this 'oppressive silenoo <.' But he : listened in yainfaud . so awful had , . the fltillnusa now . become thut wlion .abut' Buddenly/h'6«le4,by, in ib'o .ojciar,":' greenish1 tfrllighti tho whto of Its wings struck upon Edgar's strained nerves with a kind of shook. "Why did I .not writeor wire to them F" ho asked himself, in growing alarm. "I thought to walk in and surprise them , but this— this is unbearahlo ! How ciin I approach that liouso F It is likea houso of tho dead: ' I dm horribly iiorvous — I know there is something ahockingly.wrohg.". ' Again 'the uiidanny circling bf . the bat— tho one living oconpOht, it seemed; of this death-liko spot— and Edgar Ransford, who had a nervous antipathy towards these creatures of darkness and' solitude, roused himself violently from his gloomy rumination, add, with the . recklessness of despair, .walked . up tho terriuie . stops and knocked loudly at the door. ' . .'" The sound of that falling knookar rang drearily on tho twilight silence, and seemed to eobo and re-efcho along the gloomy ball' within; i ' ' There was no answer to the summons. . A cold dew of terror burst on Edgar's fore head, and, in u panic now, ho knocked again and again, and even struok the 'door fiercely with his stick. A window, for overhead was suddenly-, lowered, with a discordant rattle — a croaking voice demanded the name of the ihtfnder. Edgar Ransford lifted his eyes .and beheld dimly in tho growing shadows, at an open window above, tlie head and foce of a very old woman, tbe first human being he had yot seen, this evening, whom he knew. "For God's sake, Prudonce Grey, come down and let me in! Don't you know meF Don't you know 'Master Edgar !'" ' There was a quavering scream from above , and, as tho old woman oamo tottoring down to' the liall, the roll of wheels suddenly sounded on the avenue; and, as tho door was at last opened, a oarriage whirled round the hist turn of the drive and drew up below the terrace steps. CHAPTER II. Edgar Ransford is Startled. " H, Master Edgar, darling ! Wei- ' i come, welcome home i" . M w The old woman— in old world, ''liomoly fashion— drew down his bearded face with her shaking arms, und kissed bim again and again. Slie had often kissed him in child hood nnd boyhood ; so she felt privileged to do so now. "God bless my soul, Edgar! — it's never you!" Tlie ory rang from behind. The occupants of the carriugo had alighted ; and Geoffrey Ransford and old Mrs. Craven wero ascend ing hastily- to tho terrace. "We were away from- the court, for a week or two, in Cornwall;" -. Geoffrey Rans ford explained rather breathlessly and nervously, ns he wrung' his' eousin's hand. " Aunt Katherine was ordered there by tho doctor, nnd I went with her." "Edgar, how overjoyed. I am to see you again!" croaked the old lady, giving him a lean claw at the same moment, hor piercing gray- eyes, under tlioir' bushy brows, fixed searehingly, in the shadows, upon his face. " Wo didn't send word wo wore rotnrning this eveuhig, " Geoffrey said, ere Edgar had time to spoak. " So everything looks queer and gloomy. Old Prudence and a kitchen- maid and housemaid represent our staff of servants just at present. Come in, comoin, Edgar— it is dencedly cold and ghost-like out here." They entered tho gloomy hall, and, in silence, proceeded to a low-coiled, panelled room beyond. Here the first indication of civilised comfort made itself evident, in tho shape of a pleasant firo of coal and wood, piled high in the grate. Tliore was no other light iii the room, and the fitful flame as it rose mid fell illuminated tho brown oak panelling, the solid furniture of another ago, tlie dark .crimson carpet, the groat mahogany bookcase at tbe - opposite wall, then died down again, and all was: plunged in shadow. Prudenco Grey slinffled in to' light the lamp ; old Mrs. Craven stood as if in tbe attitude of expectation, with ono shaking hand rastingon the table near. Geoffrey was bustling about, superintending tho carrying in of the luggage; and Edgar, finding liis: voice at last, with an awful pain and borror at his heart, turned to his witoh-like kinswoman, just us the ruby shaded lafop cast its glow, like a stain of blood, aoross her peaked, shrinking face. ' , "Aunt Katherine, where is Mabel? :Wliy have I not seen hier yet p" - ; Tho old lady started, and desnite ' every effort to control horself, her lips trembled and her fingers began to drum mechanically upon tho table. "Wily? Didn't you get my letter, Edgar?" she asked, coughing violently, for the lump iu her throat that moment neurly choked hor ; " tho letter I. wroto to you last month?" "The letter? No. What letter? I.nevor. goto line from you since— lot me see,' yes! since last June." " How extraordinary ! I wrote a few days after Mabel left the court." "Loft the court?" ho repeated; staring in .amazement into the sinister face of bis old kiuswoman ; and- he could say uo more just then. " ' ' . " Yes, to be sure. I explained - it all in that letter." . There seemed to bcaBpurtof defiance, or rooklossness, in;old Mrs. Craven's voice. "Afew friends were here ono night. We got up a kind of masquorode ball, on u small aud modest soulo, and tho Marohmonts took a violent fancy to Mabel, and persuaded her to go away with them on tho following morning. At first it was to bo but a visit of a day or two, and sho '- took onty a handbag with , her ; hut she sent for her -things -two duys after, and wo haven't seon her since." "The Murohmonts? Do you mean the Deanstoko people, or' the Marohmonts of Forest Park?" "The Forest Park Murchmonta, Edgar; but they are not at Forest Park now ; they've shut uporsold that houso and are gono abroad." , " Gono abroad ! And Mabel with them ?" Somehow, the tone of lrnr voice, her averted glance, a numoloss instinct, inexplicable as it was unconquerable, lent to every word a faint charnotcr of treachery and falsehood, -and cost over her explanation— simple and harm- loss enough in itself— a shadow of myHtory that filled his heart with growing suspense nnd terror. "Yes, und Mabel with tliem, to bo sure. They intend travelling for somo months, I bcliovc." And what is.thoir address at present P" "Their, address; Edgar! -I really cannot tell. Maybe— maybe Geoffrey knows it." . And as though tbo strain of ihiB oross- oxamination had proved too nevoro for hor nerves, tho old lady ' tilrned rather abruptly und, in a shrill quivering voice, called to her Other nephew, who was still, it seonied, busy over tho lugguge. ;- ,- At the' same -moment Edgar . Hansford's fize chanced to rest on tho -face of old rudenoe Grey, who, having lighted (he lamp; waBhtiBy ut aside table with some thing or other, but' htid now turned arid'- was watohing Mrs. Craven with' an odd, fixed 8ture. -- " i i ; .It Was "au unfathomable staro that cllllied Edgar; and the old woman; - as if . suddenly becoming aware of his gaze, glanood'full into his face, with a scared and darkly auapiolous scrutiny, gradually changing 'to a dismal expression of distress. " Prudence Grey knows or suspeots some thing," was the unpleasant thought that smote Edgar Ransford; . and he: mentally decided to have "a word with Prudenco that very night, the moment ho could get her to himself. , . " -- - .. Iii answer to Mrs.. Craven's Shrill summons,' Geoffrey entered, - with an elaborately un conscious look that, however, failed to oun- vinoe Edgar. He siispeot'ed tha| Geoffrey hud overheard most of tho conversation that had just taken place ; lie had seen his cousin'H ftioe at the door ouco or twice during that disooucorting dialogue. Geoffrey did not know the Marohmonts' present address, but be corroborated his shut's story with a somewhat mechanical glibnoss that suggested a lesson learned by rote ; then Prudenue Grey, having no further pretext to linger, shuffled out of the . room, and Edgar turned rather ficreely to his cousin. : . ' "It seems to mea most extraordinary, a well-nigh inorediblo thing, that Mabel should leave her home in the -fashion you describe. Why, it looks us if -she wore esoaping from a S risen, or flying, from hated enemies ! And ion her 'not writing to mo and acquainting ,.me with the fnOt. ' I cumiot understand it at : :> 'I- "Mabel-had an insurmountable dislike to Writing letters," old Mrs. Craven said. i'Rven the brief notes she enclosed from timo to, time,' in ray letters to you, Edgar, were iividently an effort that one could not expcot too often! Yot. you know, she' may havo written— jiist us I wrote— and you may have started for homo before the letter reached your address." Edgar saw that it was useless to press the matter further ; and during tho remainder of that night ho made a desperate effort to talk of other matters— anything, anything but this alone. Ho oleariy perceived that his cousin Geoffrey was very ill at ease indeed; and even old Mrs. Craven, although she noted her part with far and away more skill than her nephew, was driven into a corner and forced to unmask, for a ghastly moment or two, now and then. To Edgar it wus a hideous night and it was with a sigh of unutterable relief that ho got away to his own room at last. But ho had not abandoned his resolvo to see Prudence Grey, late though it was ; and, quickly removing his boots, he opened his door and glided along the gallery, with the intontidn of making bis way to tne queer old octagonal room which, as he well remem bered, Prudence alwayB cliose to occupy. His intention, had, however, it seemed, beon anticipated. Ho hud barely turned the sharp earner of tho long corridor, on his' way to the head of the front stair, when a door communicating with the hack stair wns quickly opened, and Prudence herself, candle in hand, and looking very whito and agitated, appeared. " "Oh, Master Edgar, thank God I met you 1 I — I couldn't go to bed. I couldn't swallow bite nor sup until I seen von. Master Edgar, I've only one, word to say — Hush 1 Hush 1" ' ; And she silenced him with uplifted finger and a dark and stern frown aiid a nod. "I only suspeots it, Master Edgar ; I knows nothing, und I daren't delay here at tills hour; well be seen. Thtit old. lady's ears and eyes is all over the house at the same moment— -in every corner." .- ','Prddonoe, speak out, I implore of you. Tell ine what', you know, or suspeot, of— of my poor wife!" "Hush, dearie ! Don't breathe her name. I knows nothing — it may be all a dream. I may be mad— crazed — to tliink it. Master Edgar, one, word I'll say. You remember the hut in tho wood — tho wood-ranger's hut it used to be, in your dear father's time long ago." "Yes, yes what of it? I used to rest and smoke there, I remember, when over taken by u shower in tho wood." '"Twas struok by lightning the ; night of the thunderstorm, nigh two months ago. It's all in burnt ruins and ushes nnd broken timber and scattered stones. Master Edgar, listen to me 1" She Btooped suddenly closer to his face; her eyes dilated ; a livid huo stole ovor hor quivering lips, and her voice sank to a shuddering whisper. " Go to the hut — bring a couple of men with you ; stand by while thoy clear away the rubbish,, and see with your own eyes— what is buried under neath!" Then, whilo theso extraordinary words still rang in Edgar's ears, and ere he hnd re covered from the shook of horror that over came him, sufficiently to reply in any wise, Prudence Grey stepped back hastily through the doorway and vanished from his sight. to be concluded.' 