A Giant in Pain. It was after the medical association had adjourned tho other night (says the Vetroit Free Press) that the- gruff old doctor called several of his professional brethren into a cornorand told his story. ' Novor had a pleasanter case in mv life,' he chuckled. ' You know what a big poweu f ul fellow Soms is. Never was sick a day, and had always derided tho idea that pain was a thing to make such a fuss ovor as is mado by somo people Even his wife and children novor got any sympathy from him, ,'and ho was always ready to give them a good going-ovoi' for not displaying more stoicism. 'Tuesday morning about two o'clock thore was a torrific ringing at my telophono. On answering it I, was urgod by fin agitated voice to .hasten to Soms as quickly as possible It was a. case of lifo and death. Getting thoro post haste I found that groat big follow walking tho floor in his night robo, groaning so that ho could bo hoard anywhere ' in tho block, growling out 'orders to tho whole household, looking palo as a ghost, and stop ping overy fow minutes to hold up ono foot while he howlod. His head was enveloped in towels, and ono s'ide of it stoamod with hot poulticbs. Ho sailed into mo for not gotting thoro sooner, said that half tho pooplo died whilo waiting for a dootov, jawed his , wife booauBq sho hadn't sonso enough to toll him that ho had no slippors on, and then told hor to oall a lawyer sp ho could put his affairs into shape. I votood this until we found out whothor tboro was anything tho matter. 'Anything tho matter?' echoed Sems. ' Grpot hoavons, man, the side of' my hoadV coming off. I can't last till daylight in this torturo.1; No mortal ovor suffered such agony. If you're going to do anything do it quick. ? My opinion is that I am' done for j' and ho lot outtho loudest howl of tho night. What do you think was tho matter with the big calfP Earache, .just common; old-fashioned oaraoho. His littlo girl had had it wbrso and. gone, to school with a- piece of cotton in hor oar, I fixed him up and , thon -told him if ho. happened to prick his fingor with a pin or bump his shin against a chair not' to hositato to call mo out qf bod bvon if - thoro was a blizzard.' , / .. ? ...-?? 