The Ethics of Punting. 4 4 BOB BRIARROOT " writes :—" I am not a great admirer of Sir'John Forrest as a politician, but I thjnk he showed out well as a sensible man of the world in his reply to the antibetting clerical deputation which waited upon him the other day. He evidently is not going to tiy the Parfcingtonian feat of keeping the Atlantic out with a mop, in the shape of putting down gambling by Act of Parliament. Th^ majority of mankind will, and do, gamble—but it has different names. A man raises money to purchase a bit of land, sab-divides it, and tries to sell it at a large profit. If he fails, and loses it and all he has got, he is, according to the goodygoodies, an unsuccessful land speculator. Well, I should call him a busted gambler pure and simple. What is gambling ? Risking money on chances. Well, when the Bishop lays and blesses the foundation stone of a new church for which about onethird the funds are on hand, and the rest in an uncertain future, doesn't he encourage a gamble ? A good many guarantors for church overdrafts find they have gambled with all the odds against them • as, at the best, they could only hope to get their own money back. The people who gamble their money away don't generally go to church; or, if they do, it shows the parson's chin music is not so potent as the bookie's yell, and I consider it durned mean to try and get the law to block a successful rival. The Bishop *sai l he hated the tote. Now, putting aside the fact that he tells folks they should love their enemies, the tote-man heaps coals of fire upon his episcopal cranium by loving him, because the more stir the black-birds make the more they advertise the tote. Have the parsons ever gone in for mining speculations? I know some that have. Well, the tote is a limited liability company, the tote-man is the manager who draws a fat screw for very little work, and those who scoop the pool are the promoters who sell out early and leave the other contributing- shareholders to pay up and do the cmsing. Sir John knows gambling will be carried on with or without the sanction of the law, and sensibly determine^ that as it cannot be abolished it is best to be kept within reasonable bounds. I am not an advocate of gambling by any means, as I look upon it as a worse vice than drunkenness, inasmuch as the drunkard when sober regrets giving way to the habit, while the gambler only curses his luck, and in perfect sense and sobriety risks his last shilling in the hope of turning the tables. I sometimes put a crown into a sweep (in the hope of seeing it back) with some friends, but I invariably just kiss it and sav, 4 4 Good-bye, darling," so if it never comes back I do not grieve. Now, I ask anj' sensible man if it is not better to dispose of it in that way than putting it into a church plate, when there is not a ghost of a chance of ever seeing it back again. There are laws against drunkenness, \'et people booze up, laws against suicide, but some people 44 snap the silver cord and break the golden bow ;" laws against theft, and yet bogus land sales take place ; and let them make what laws they like against gambling, while some can make a profit out of it and others hope to do so, gambling will continue. Therefore, if we cannot abolish it let us regulate it. 