AT THE BEEHIVE. A BISHOP ON "NAGGING WIVES" AND DRUN[?] HUSBANDS. MOSQUITO. The address delivored last Monday even ing at the Mclbeurne Cathedral by Bishop Goe will come as a surprise to a good many people. The occasion was the eighth annual mooting of what purports to bo tho Ghurch of. England Temperance, Society. It Is supposed to bo, and is 1 suppose tho chief t of tho ohuroh’s jtomperanco teaching find inculcating Organisations in the colony. The churoli s temperance societ} 1 : don’t soo’m to have more members than a second -fate. country criokeb club, aiid • as for its finances wo hayo several. football clubs boro in Bendigo anyone of which collects and spends , more money on the game for throe months of the year than this sonorously named temperance society docs for the whole year on the whole of .Victoria. The society’s inoomolnst year was £35 10s 7d, thh expenditure £35 Sd and bills unpaid and for which Chore is nob a shot in the looker, £30 8s .1 Od. Pitiful! most pitiful ! Most pitiful for those thousands of Anglican parents throughout the country whoso children are growing up—whos<J sons especially will in a little whilobo exposed to all the snares and- temptations and seductions along the primrose path, of dalliance with the liquor fiend,' and none to warn and educate them as to the dangers they ax’c running. One, the Bov. Canon Watson,, was evi dently humiliated and disgusted that after 8 years work the Church of England Tem perance Society of the great city and see of Melbourne had little more to show for its year’s work than £30 SslOd of unpaid debts. -- It was a; puzzloto him that the society .held such ..irt’uiujnportant. position in the diocese.' 'Ho ■ believed . that a good deaLof tho lack of enthusiasm might bo laid at the door of the’ clergy who wore, )io said, the proper ones to xindertako the work. Canon Tuokor, another. fine and able man of the working Clergyman stamp, was also there, hut the Melbourne papers from which X am quoting evidently couldn’t spare space from the cricket match reports to lot us know something of what he said. But they gob in Bishop Goo at some little length, especially on the subject at the hoa'd hereof. He is thus reported ;—I re produce it in extonso. Oh, what comfort good Bishop Goo gives to’ poor drunken hus bands who regularly spend half and some times three-quarters of their wages'on the road homo from work and then expect their happy and fortunate and pleasantly cir cumstanced wives to, support themselves and their drunken husbands, nine young children, rent, clothes and boots, on the balance. Poor hardly dealt with men of this stamp, and of the various varying degrees of this stamp, will gain groat con solation and also strength to continue along on the good way that they have chosen by reading the good bishop’s re marks on “ nagging wives.” Ho said : — ' Ho had boon deeply impressed with a story told in the police court the other day by a man, who said, “ she nags and I drink.” That was tho history of multitudes of drunkards. The !I she ” die not know how to make homo a com fort ; how to produce tho sweet silvery voice when Uic “ ho ” comes back from his day’s work. She docs not make the homo attractive, and he has to seek attractions elsewhere—too often at tho public-house. It seemed to him that every branch of the girls’ friendly socie ties, of which tho church had many, ought to work in the direction of happy homes; that the girls should bo taught kind, gentle and persua sive ways, so that when it should fall to their lot to have homes their husbands might delight to come to them when tho day’s work was ended—(applause)—not to bo nagged at, but to bo smiled at. It had been said that many girls wore more busy in making nets than in making cages—once they had caught the men they did not know how to keep them. (Laughter.) There was a great deal in a wife’s manner on approaching a man. There was a great deal in tho voice and.iu tho mode of introducing a sub ject. As much as possible should bo done to teach wives how to make good, homos; how to bo attractive, kind and gentle to their husbands; and this, ho thought, should bo one of the aims of tho Churoh of England Temperance So ciety. (Applause.) Now don’t that all read very nicely. It’s so pretty. It’s tho sort of “ guff ” j t ou meet with in - tracts and girly-girly books written by old fossils who cair t, for the lives of thorn, get it out of their old Oriental-fed heads that the female sex were solely created to he tho servitors of the other sex. But men who know what tho working masses are—the homes of the immense majority of the people—and the circumstances under which they are con ducted would never talk such tommy-rot. I will wager tho bishop my “ offertory*” against his “ offertory ” that if this miserable drunkard who tried, like another celebrated, biblical character, to put tbo blame on his wife were hunted up that it would bo found that his boozing was tho prime cause of the woman’s nagging. Clergymen are often poor judges in arguing cause and effect and effect and cause. They take so much that they hear for granted. Then if the good bishop would place himself for just one day in tho position of many a working man’s wife that I know of or have wotted of we’d see how may smiles thero’d bo on tbo good bishop’s face and how silvery would be the cadences of bis tongue" when his (her) beloved partner came home, struck little Johnny for nothing, stumped on and sworo at and kicked tho cat, throw his tin-can into the corner with a nervo splitting bang, and swore and roared all round the house why his dinner wasn’t ready and steaming on the table for him. Then, according to the bishop, tired out all day with her work and hor washing and scrubbing and patching and cooking aiid the constant, constant, unceasing wrangle and prattle and prattle and wrangle and or}'- ing and beseeching and squabbling and laughing and shouting and yelling- and fighting of her.little “ stops-of-stairs” seven youngsters and an unwelcome eighth ex pected by tho 27th of next month—then having spent a long day like;this,, and as thousands of Victorian women have to spend from daylight to dark and from year’s end to year’s end —tho good bishop would, you hot, bo in tho right humor and just in tho right circumstances for welcoming tho old man homo, with the ; blandishments of a gushing stage lover or of a.srairking fat landlady. She (ho) would thereby'make the home so’ “ attractive,” that tho domestic male tyrant wouldn’t bo looking for barmaids and landladies olse ,.where —too often at the public-house, SBj66r fellow— tholpiihli'd-hbu&o;, wheyp” (says tho bishop) “ ho has to seek attrac tions.” , ■ “Blessings on the good bisho]) foil them kind words—(ahie). Hove, lady, fillemupagain and ratrand Jim’il be': inagain fusthingwe’repaid bn Sattudy.. Zer busliop sliaysitshore wogofc.to. sebk : attrac tions! I liksh you old landlady gal, and thish cheeky little cherry-pie of a . new, titter you’vo just got up from Melbourne!” Might I gently ask the good bishpp whore is the other partner in this (stfd to 1 say),too commonly' typical working man matrimonialunion to find her Who is to inakb home happ}'for her ? (3r for tho little ones whom between them, and totally without the iililof bies’ consent or eVeii, their' been instrumental in launching on-an ovbr shppherded world so largely made up pf : sin, greed, cowardice,. ignorance, ' anxiety, i suffering and misery ? Who' is to provide ■! that they too are to have some leisure and ’sometreasonable. * Tho. bishop doesn’t of EyPrVthihgIs; painted ? cplbur de of tho domestic heartfe. r- As blunders in with his little passage are nob yep'oS ,is; received with, u a ! amh •rnhbbd'dpwh;j^ of^fian^ picture bf-dbmpsti^ tiff assemblage fclial. : thd' gcjotl r bishbp- waB*bd-, dressing I’d haro .used ray ioqguo-to give ‘Thcr boy's” a show with mind; Ayes. hCvo seen. This is Hie way Talked; ' *• TTT . ;• *.vj* «*;•♦/. t jy “lt Rooms to me tiiafc ovbry branch . boys’ friendly Boolotioa of which,—eonfoniid .it; i Mr, Chairman, how's this—tho church ,haR scarcely any—none at nil .that Tyo eybr.Hobyq ■ of—ought-to '.work In the direction of Tiappy' homos; that tho boys should bo (aught ’kind/ goutlo and persaasit'o ways; so that whon .it should foil to .tholr lot to, have hornosThoir wivoamight delight to ooiuo to thorn when The . day’s work is ended; (Loud applause from tho young women, and a Wizened, dried up, little old woman’s voice, < Rubbish, Mister, a woman’s work’s nov'or done 1’) "Yes, when the’day’s - work is ended, not to ho nagged at, punched. and. kicked—but to bo smiled at I(A glorious out* burst of applause from all the women.) It had boon said that many boys : were-wore busy 1» making note than in making cages—once ,they had caught their girls they; didii!t know How to keep them. (Renewed applause and voices “That’s true for you, old dnap !” “My husband’s atrilmtor!” “Anamino’sa wood-eartor!” “Mine’s a shire contractor! 0 “ Mine’s a newspaper hack,” etc,etc.) Yos,di(ln’t know how to keep them (Applause,) There was a great deal In. a hus band's manner on approaching a wife, ' There was a great deal in tho voice and. in the- hiode of introduuing a subject, As much as possible should bo dono to teach husbands how to. make good homos—(applause)—how to bo attractive, kind and goutlo to their wives, and this ho thought should bo one' of the aims of society, and that whenever nny honsofatbpr Caught any of his sons bullying, .and hiill- dozing mother or sister ho should catch the young,imp suoh an olovatory rise and a smack that bis voice shall never agdin.be hoard 'disturbing Old household and that for the whole remainder of his life lie will never address nagging .words To a woman without first looking round to seo that bis fair- minded father, or bis father's ghost is not behind him, (Loud and continued applause, during which, tho above mentioned, drunkard who pleaded his wife’s nagging, sneaked in and turned out tho gas,)” ’ . ' V ;i ; - ■ ■' - If*l Ifovo inadvertently been a,bit rough on the good. bishop I havo merely -been cruel tubs kind. For there's a universal mission to bd preached. It is that women ! and children-are human beings, and as such entitled to all tho privileges, rights.and. reasonable and rat ional enjoyments of the qt(icr sex,, and that a man, whoever ho is,- never hap any defensible right to bo .whore, ho .would bo’ashamed lor his wife- dr sdn or daughter to bo seen, Sauce for-Mother Goose and her Master .and Miss Goslings, is also sauce, for Father Rooster. . • P.S. Italf-soriously I above hazarded the guess that. Bishop .Gee's reported words would bo used as an excuse by .drunken husbands. Since, writing it I see, per an indignant correspondent of tho Ago dating from St. Kildaythat it is literally so..- Says this correspondent “Poor mothers, poor wives have enough to boar Without taking tho. blamo of their Hus bands’ misdeeds on their shoulders. Then 1 again, who is to blame if tho woman drinks ? , Who over heard it was the man’s fault ? Whb would blame, tho stronger vessel for tho lapses of the weaker? The woman may bp onclosod.in a miserably insanitary street and bouse, working 12 or. 14 hours under pitiful conditions, too over borne by trouble to cultivate either “the* sweet smile or silvery, voico.” Lot us deal firmly and os tenderly as needful with our male as well a,s female inebriates, but let us bo fair in ascribing reasons for thoir inebriety. Tlioro are many men who will seize the words of Bishop Goo to use againsttheir wives, and my letter is tho out come of having heard a good wife and mother thus assailed before noon to-day (the very day of tho publication of tho bishop’s words), “it is tho women who drive mon to drink—ask Bishop Goo! —ho knows !” exclaimed tho man. Oh, that so.many of us should be writing: or talking, not understanding what ,wo are writing or talking about! 3riSCBLI>AJtEOVS. Be of.putti ng your na me to a blank or to a written document. The absence, of this caution on tho part of the. Victoria Quartz Company's minors, will, I fear/ ho the cause of no eud of future troubles and annoyance to tho directors and j managers of the district, and of anger, pain and humiliation fo the men. Why oyer did they go .and do it, without first: qoming and asking me or “ Old Peter” what con struction might be. placed upon suclr "ah act, and What tho future consequences, to others might bo? As a, thin, spate-ribbed, .clear-eyed and brainy broket mildly and impassionatoly puts it.l { .The-men-wore, very unwjso to think of suoh a thing, and having thought of it, the directors wore very unwise in taking them at then: word. It now just amquhts to . this. The.raoral obligation on both sides is broken. TFor it a piece of paper, a search warrant, stituted. It is tantamount,,to saying to the .men,-“. If you mon can now gist" away with any gold why, ;qf’course,, tho gold is yours. If wo can't stop you, That's,-our look-out. It's putting your wits against onr ■wits.” - - - Pooh! Searching miners as they; come up! And such a perfunctory search as it is sure to bo in a day, or two . after the oxcitement bas worn ofF,'and tho tlung be comes even more 'odious and 'monotonous to the searcher of searchers than To the searched. Wo know how the professional searchers in our lock-ups and gabls/areso often and often at fault, though practically they have nothing else to dp but to search', whereas the mining managor -bas to Attend to fifty things. Bosses' of - shifts, and all others are to be searched, X presume. dangerous incentive, what a chal lenge, what a plain.anddireCt suggestion for an all .found Conspiracy ! Sure|y th 6 pepple who thought qf,;andthepopplp who approved of this sort of .Thing must* be poof judges of nature, ppbf average human heart,* If you -waht to learn a few wrinkles about gold and amal gam and diamond istealing you shqntd’.sond for ..some files of the Johannesburg and Kimberly papers. • There iholawsTgainst this species of roguery are as severe and are administered by as sevoro and interes ted judges as the- British game laws were (and aye) by the country “squife and squarson ” justices. Still they get there. aU the' same. TJioir tricks are 'legion'. And so, it ipust' always ,bp whefe the moral instinct is. crushed out, where men are not placed on-honor and amity with each other. As a rule petty , vogues are poor fools, otherwise they would nob ■ he working men. But the search business, I fear, will transform ten fairly honest men. into more or less skilful and • cunning rogues, where there is now but one blun dering rogue: And mark you that the roguery of such .men will be in direct fatib To their iufcelligqhcc. If men of sbme whafcJughqr mental. development /Cud of . Jjitb. njMs?tbcqugli own «oa rob ■ warf well, any person/ wliq/'hafc .given isoruo TBbugUt to . the suhjectTof *morais and oopductr and .who has also,'/had practical experience'' in managing men. , don't mean mbfoly oxploitefing and grinding men down for all. they are rwqrthvand for allTihe men were worth/be-: fqro The .process -commenced;; Tft'bafjT/lsT anothor' phase - {of/ Men ey /Question ofily ’ /pf |y, tlijbso qf dulled degraded ' ooUscieiicjes in' thoir feverish gfbw> rich, and tlui's .sayb own; imm ediato pfbgohyj A rom lilfeT^isk f.! cpmingmhdef : Wblfibh: inbydy ophiastere ( aUd;expipiterefs;life^tfip^M^ ‘•ipb. ;tijio/--Tkdub!b.f mCtter/ : iu thbitwo fmbnv imightyjWqiY’^^awd^Cucheß^^ Arb nTt b^SroiC^qnSides/ilic l ?blpwidg Then Bptdebbdy^ Te'am; p.U<libugh;;:laWim^?^^ 22flCd ! isTeaUy^iAit^ easict-Jhau bo blapits equivalent on to the haulingpud crushing, itojnas? Or put- iI (lown.to grease for the. ongmo ? - ; r ftho of-1 the--, cock tail-,' iThpre is gee.# amongst Mio okcoplt bails ami men of straw* to .p«U tho.ro W.ith;.. lAitcr giyi ng q)oor Cuba, r to : Aind?*’" '’atojiiV Mat Uncle Sam was clean gone wi th thoihj and threatening and fuming against Spain, the cocktails have:nil hacked -dbwin. The sterns fif Uncle Sarahs ships arc ;a)l. pointed to Cuba. ■ Newspaper-made Jin-r goes—fin do - sioolo. -American.' Cocktails. Whut lms become of the . bold basso huc 'cancer- who used to.bo constantly roaring that.bis howspirib...was pointing to_ Cuba ? N.oW.tliey’ro stornon.. Some one in it;Ho * Bendigo ..Independent a few. days ago* apropos of a orickobmatoh played, In the Camp .Reserve between a club, called" the “ JFoostorers ” and another club wanted to know who the JFoosterors’’ arc and What . do ihoy moan ? Not. know what a “ fodstorbr” is. Why it's as-simple as anything, when-you-re told about it. My authority is not Professor Morris, but. Professor Joseph, Hastings—(I suspect- al so that ho both baptised and stood godfather for tho J.Foostcrors,”) Says Professor Joseph t “ Not; know what a Foostom* is—none of you follows know what.a, Foostoror. is ? I thought everyone know a Foostcrovi Well, if you don-twit’s this way, . YouJre, working on a road contract or.sompthing of, that kind;, for a municipal council or it;may be, a now railway for, the Government, You're noticing more than you can help, wo will suppose., (then the Irish ganger will come round. r He'll jopk at your work, and then he'll look, at yourself. * Thenrbehl.opon out on you, “l 8ay,.hegeb, tills'll no. be doing dowit t-his way ! Ye’ve done, nothin’ at .all since I was round herb an hour betimes. Ye’ll-pay for watchin’yb Will. Ye're noth ing but an oidlorand a" schamor, yo are! Whoy, ye’re a Foosthcror ! Yo’ro nothin’ but so yo. are, nothin’ but a dom Foostherer ! !”- Consequently' a foostoror (softened and Australianisbdjmeans'tui indolent, careless fellow who takes things easily—?a = sort of working-man Bohemian. It’s a good name for a cricket club, or for any otherorganisa-; tion whore tho game is entertainment.. The supply of material for, members is never likely to run short.: AU classes and - grades of society are ohookful of foostorers. - (This is goiiig to be sent to Professor Morris with the, compliments of Professor. Hast ings for Inclusion as a new Australianism, in the second edition of tho first-named philologist’s Australian dictionary.) Club-footed citizens—those who often go to the club. 