MESSRS. CH IS HOLM AND DOVVNES CHECKMATED. pTo the Editor of The Camden News.] Sir, — The News of the 30th ult. contains a report of speeches made by M essrs. Downes and Chisholm at the annual meet ing of the Agricultural Society, their remarks ostensibly were upon the annual report and balanee sheet, but the ghost of an absent critic haunted them. In a previous issue of your journal it was my pleasure to point out to Iur public the good tneit nad been effected, as the result of honest criticism of certain abuses last year. This was worm wood and gall to the wreckers, who for so many years had dominated affairs; and their remarks encourage this suspicion that they would rather there had been no eradi cation of abuses as the result of my criti cism. Here is a specimen of Mr, Chisholm's ?spleen^' They had managed to ..save £5 in hospitalities, which appears to have given satisfaction to an outside critic, who now thinks it is brought within reasonable limits.' Your readers are aware that what I did say was : — ' The hospitality to 'dis tinguished visitors' was. more becoming than last' year. The bill is less, and as many more visitors than hitherto were catered for, there is room for hope if not for joy.' I ' hope' for greater improvement in the future but, while (acknowledging an improvement this j ear, there is but little room ' for ' joy' over the liquor bill. With childlike sim I plicity, Mr. Chisholm mentioned that 'the i old committee had been elected without I opposition, not a single ; fresh nomination having been made.' In previous years the office holders have nominated their friends ; tins year, however, i hey themselves were afraid of being struck off the committee ; so in order to prevent the hand of retribu tion reaching thera? they for the first time in the history of the society made no fresh nominations, and their seats were saved. Mr. Downes is in a very sorry condition; he is ever ready to get down on all-fours. Just as I thought we should be, able to go arm-; iu-arm around the district pipin gfeder-tection he turns up with his old acquaintance as if they had never parted. In most stentorian tones he railed against me much to tlie astonishment of everyone present. I would commend to him the words of Ahikar, -l My son, sink thy head and look from beneath thiae eyes, make thy voice soft and be good mannered, and be not so foolish as to -raise thy voice in arrogance ; for if .a house could be built oy mean^ of a loud voice, the ass would build two Rouses every day.'- — jt.ani, etc. ? ; ?. v. : ?, HENRY WILLIS. Mahndorf, Camden, . ' ' ~ 2nd Ji^ly, 1898. ' 