PLAIN TALKS ON FEDERATION. XIII. WE all more or less want Federation ; we are told to wait awhile and get a be bill. Thia would be a first-rate idea- if world stood still. But it doesn't ; it | ahead .all the time. Slr.'Ferguson's presence in the Hill minds me of this, for in ono ot his atril speeches the member for Sturt reminded that if wc didn't hustle nlong wu should left behind and' be Conservatives in course of a few years. Sir Henry Parkes wasn't quito a rad: when he died, was he? Many were inclii to denounce the old man as a Tory; Labor party, in fact, threw him out because wouldn't carry through even modérât advanced measures. Yet less than 50 ye before that tho same Parkes had been nounccd as a violent agitator ; and he w then agitating for less radical things than advocated afterwards. Tho Chartists came into being just years ago. Their speakers were proJecuti many of those who joined in thc ngitati were "convicted, imprisoned, and treal with great severity." And yet all tl asked for wera things which arc n embodied in thc law of New South Wn with the single exception of annual Purl merits. That is thc record of CO years. Look into your own-experience of politl If you only believe to-day in what j sought 10 years ago (when they called you radical) you aro a " cast-iron Conservativ now. Well, suppose wo wait 10 years moro 1 a Constitution. It is obvious that tin will bo ns strong an argument then for years* more delny. Our ideas will be 10 yei further advanced (that is, if we don't iu t meantime develop into " old fogoys") ; c tainly some other fellows' ideas will be m< advanced. And the new Constitution, cv if improved, will be just ns much behind o ideals then as it is now, simply because c ideals will go on advancing. I want to make this very clear. Ten yoi ago we would have put up with aConstitutl far less democratic tban.wn will to-day ; i tho Labor men liad not then done their wo of leavening the community. - Ten years a we would not have had the ghost of a chat of getting a Senate elected on tho one-nm one-vote basis, or a paid Senate, or n dissol able Senate. Wc would, in fact, not lia thought of asking far those things. A hadn't even got ii paid. Assembly in thc days, or onc-man-oiic-voto of any sort. 'I day, although we have those things, wc wa more. And we nre right in wanting moi Ten years hence we could easily get tho things. They would boconee ¡cd ni most wit outastruggle. But weshould then regard tho tilings as conceded Tights, and want st other things. Those of us, in short, who a not Conservatives never will be satisfied wi a Constitution. If wc wait IO years tl advanced people of thjit day, although tbi get^il that wc want now, will bo just -; dissatisfied as we aro now. The only possible way to get a Constlt tion is to take one and bring it up to da from time to time. Abd that is why I lin' been saying all along that the most importai thing, infinitely the most important thing, fi us to consider is whether this Constitution alterable with sufficient ease. The rest isa seriously worth troubling about ; for the be of these provisions will probably be out < date in a few years. As to whether it is sufficiently pliable, « talked much on Saturday, anti cannot go ov< that ground again. AU 1 want to do now to show how foolish it would bc to reject th bill in order to wait for a better ; becausi like to- morrows, " better bills " are always i; the future. *** I lived ia a bag shanty when I came firs to Broken Hill. I wanted a botter hoiisi but I didn't stay out in thc heat and thc col until I could get it. I took what it wa possible for me to get then-and improve* afterwards. Thc unions didn't decline to meet becaus they didn't have a Trades Hall. They too] what was going, and now they're getting, no the perfected hall, but the beginnings of one Thoy'ro not walting till they can be satisfied they arc building what they can, and wll bring things up to date by-and-byc. So should we proceed in Constitution /building. *». Let us have just a few words over Josial Thomas's letter in Saturday's MlNEit. Mr. Thomas's whole fallacy lies in his last sentence : - 'f However much, Mr. Editor, yoi and I may differ as to the Convention Bill we agrco surely on this : that if it is a hard- ship to pay 2s. Od. more for au article because oí a duty, it makes no difference to us whether that 2s. Cd. is collected in Adelaide or Cockburn ni long as we have to pay it ?" My dear Thomas, I, for my part, can't agree to anything of tho sort. You might ust as well tell mo that, having a half-crown n my hand, it mnkes no difference whethet I put it Into my own pocket or Into yours. And, Mr. Thomas, it doe* matter-it makes all the difference in the world. What doesn't matter is whether the duties arc collected at Cockburn or Adelaide so long as New South Wales-that is ourselves -get the duties to spend. What we do object to is that we should pay border duties, not on ? goods which aro imported from Europo or America, but on goods, mostly household necessaries, which our South Australian neighbors cnn supply. Federation (some Federation-I don't say this sort to the exclusion of all others') will wipQ out those border duties ; and nothing elsa will. For myself, 1 don't mind paying some duty on certain foreign goods ; what I do object to is paying duty on' goods brought from our natural market in South Australia or Vic- toria. Federation will put an end to that and will give assuranco that it wilt not bc resumed. » * Again, read the bill. Judge its provisions for yourself. To soy that-they were mostly lawyers who mode it, besides being untrue, is not fair: for the people (on tho ono-man-onc vote basis) elected them. Moreover, tbls is not such a measure as they would give you if they had their own way. They knew that it had togo to the people, and they knew that it was no use putting Conservative provisions in it. Mr. Dobson candidly . admitted that he was j voting-for'something that he did nat per sonnllv nnnrnve : and so did Mr. Wiso.'' ' AUSTRALIAN. : 