‘THE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS OR, GOLONEL CODY'S SEARCH, A ROMANCE OF THE WEST. -BY COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, Author of the “Mysterious Man in Blue.” &c.; CHAPTER LXVI.—1THE SECRET OUT. The young girl had listened to the -words of her brother with deepest at tention as they rode along, and wonder ed why he was telling her the story of her own life. When his secret was known, she said, her joy and surprise were over: “You have told me, brother, of your strange life, and how you had been a rover about the world. But, after all, you remembered the home in the West we had as children with our loved par ents. We can both now recall like a: terrible dream the night our mother was j killed by the renegade chief who led the Indians, and, as we supposed, our father was murdered also. It was soon after that you and I were parted. ‘lou have said that the longing was “upon you to find me, and to do so 3*011 came again to the wild West, and be came a ranchero. A strange destin3* led our paths together again here in these mountains, and I can hardb*- believe that our father still lives and that we are also to see him.” is true, Zulita, for he was not killed, as we supposed, that awful night, and a fearful life he has had of it. Ke too, came West to And you and me. and to avenge his wrongs upon the man who iiad caused all his suffering’. That villain, let me tell you, is the Monarch, as we' two know him. He is also the road-agent chief, Captain Law less, and the renegade chief. White Eagle. Guided and aided bj* you. in 1113' Wanderings about the mountains as the Ghost of the Haunted Fort, the charac ter you pla>*ed before 1113* coming, I found out the Monarch as he is, road agent and renegade chief in an Indian tribe, but through all haunted, as we lcno3\, b3* the demons of crime conjured Up b>* his past life. He it was who killed our mother, &nd; who wrecked our father’s life, and ere long I shall bitterly avenge all his Wrongs upon us. The man I 3vounded the other day came here to hunt him down, and that man is our father. He lies wounded in his cabin home, wound ed by me, and I am taking you there to nurse him, while I go on the trail of re .venge. ‘‘I shall leave you there, and go to the Beacon Lock to meet Surgeon Low cl I to-night. I shall guide the Surgeon Scout to the cabin, and get him to see just how severe the wound is, and save our father. In return 1 shall rescue Colonel Cody and Lieutenant Seaford from the Monarch’s clutches; for he is only holding them in the Indian camp to get a big ransom for them, or keep them as hostages for his life, should he be captured by Colonel Ferris. “I can rescue them, Zulita; for you 3cno>v liow easily 3ve entered the Indian Village that night, and removed the bod ies of the three scouts they had killed. .That must have startled even Colonel C01I3- and the lieutenant to see us leave the village with the three scouts upright in the saddle and enveloped in white, for We did that trick well. “Next time I will take the two live pri soners from the village, and while they Will be free, their renegade captor shall go in irons. We have done our dut>-, Zulita. in warning the fort, and we will soon end this wild life, and our father will be with us, and, what is more, he Will be avenged.” \- The young girl was so full of all that she had heard she could hardly believe that.she was awake. But late in the afternoon they came to the Hermit’s cabin, and, dismounting, Burt Braxton—as the reader knows the “Ghost” to be—softly entered the cabin, and Zulita heard his fervent utterance: “I have returned, and thank God you are alive." 