South- Sea Newsl Island Massacre! « : Captain and Seamen Killed. The Sea; Ghost was the name .of a- r6rton cutter which was recently chartered for the Island trade (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph of Septembor 5). She was in charge of Captain KoUhorn, and the other members of her crew consisted of half a dozen natives recruited in the BismaVck Archipelago. ; A month or so ago the cutter set out from New' Britain on" a trading' cruise.' Mr. Tindal, of Shortland ; Island, was :tho charterer, mid lie :had fitted the vessel' out with the goods for bartering with the natives. The cutter sailed under, the German tricolor, nud "Cap- tnin Kolshorn, who hailed /from the Patherland, had previously heen-chief .officer in tho schooner "Welcomo; That vessel being lost, ho joined the cutter. . The Sea Ghost, on leaving her head quarters, made for. the German Solomon- Islands. 7Thcse' islands lie -just off the British Solomons, and wero annexed by : Germany, a few years ago. The natives arc described as a fine race, and of good physique, hut traders visiting the group are warned to bo on their guard against possible attack, as they are ' noted for being both cunning and treacliorous. "Whilst showing a -friondly disposition to visitors, they' have; been known to attack 'traders' vessels with sudden and remarkable daring, ' and thoro is - a long : record .- - of . horriblo'; atrocities . .agaihst- them'. - It was at one of these islands, ' called': Buka", that the Sea Gliost niade hoi;' first) call, and she had hardly reached an-: chorago before there was - an attack on: the crew. liy. -the shore natives." The attack was so sudden that' .tho .el-ew could offer no resistance, ami all.but two,- who escaped, fell an easy prey to the hatchets and spears of the savages. Th'o particulars of the horrible atrocity wero brought to Sydnoy on Saturday by the islund steamer Moresby. The steamer called at' New Britain just after' the report of the affair was received by the German, officials, .and the news cuuscd quite a sensation. .It appears that tho Sea Ghost" was coming ; to an anchor for trading, and Captain Kolshorn .was in the rigging on the lookout for reefs. Tho natives, as usual, put off from tlio shore in canoes, but in his anxiety to keep the vessel clear of the dangerous reefs the captain, had not uoticed that they were swarming /on board . the cutter. They app?»!'ed friendly, -however, and wanted to trade with copra, which is the staple product : of the group. Captain Kols horn was descending, from tho rigging whon the attack was made. It was a 'complete surprise for him, aiid, being .unarmed) he had no possible chance of dofonding himself. Ho fell mortally wounded on , deck, the body, so the story goes, being horribly butchered. Four; of thenatives made a desperate fight,- but tho odds were considerably against them, and they were soon over come. Tho other : two natives were taken prisoners, -but thoy by some moans or other managed to escape. Moan while, tlio vessel had been run ashore, aud, having been looted of every thing of value, she was subsequently destroyed. The ' euptain's body had been thrown overboard, and the remains of the four, natives (crew) were taken to tho village for a. cannibalistic feast. . A report of tho inassaero has been sent to tbe cuptain of the Gcrmuii'war- shiji Falke, now in port, and steps will be taken in duo coui-se to send a puni tive expedition to tho island. Buka, the scene of the massucre, lies off the north-east end of Bougaiin-ille. 