THE MYSTERY OF SEA-CLIFF TOWERS (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) By J. D. HENNESSEY, Author of "The Dis-Honourable," "Wynnum" "An Australian Bush Track," Gunnery of Church Concert etc CHAPTER XXII. The Rev. Christopher Beoadface Sees a Ghost It is no doubt necessary that there should be sneaks in life; but for all that we none of us like them, The private detective is one of them; the self- important, high-minded citizen, who for the public good goes about with a gimlet in his pocket to make spy holes so that he may give evidence of the ill deeds of his neighbours is an- other; the sly boy of the family who when he cannot get what he esteems to be a fair share of the plunder, goes off to tell mother that some one else is eating the jam, furnishes another example: these and others are all more or less useful in their way. But------- It is singular, too, how men of rare abiity, and in other respects of dis- tinguished qualities, will sometimes develop a habit of harbouring un- worthy suspicions, and acquire enough. of the sneak character to annoy and seriously inconvenience their acquaintances. From a public point of view the Rev. Christopher Broad face was an all- round exceptionally able man. In the pulpit he looked at least haif a head taller than be really was, his manner there was subdued and dignified, his elo- cutionary powers have already been re- ferred to, and he put an amount of heart and expression into his ministrations which caused him to be very generally popular with such of his parishioners as had no closer knowledge of him. Not that his every day mode of life in- variably met with, disfavour; with the majority of the women folk and a few old women of the masculine sex he was always and everywhere liked. He was a great disciplinarian ; at inquiries in to character, especially of young women, and the like, he was an adept. A petty scandle was meat and drink to him, and a ladies' sewing meeting a place of delights. But the broadfaced little, man had a v ery small soul, hence Grace Strong and the Doctor had never taken to him, and the reader will not be surprised to know that Beatrice Ballantyue very soon came to share their distrust. There is always some- thing in the very air of a man who habitually carries a gimlet in his coat tail pocket which puts honest thorough going unsuspicious people upon their guard, and it was so in this case. He thought himself an eligible suitor for the hand of the mistress of Sea-Cliff Towers, but Beatrice Ballantyne would no more have mated with such a man than she would with her gardener or her groom. A large hearted woman like Beatrice might have loved a scope grace, but she never could have given her heart to a man the suspected of being a sneak. It is strange, by the way, that a brother or a sister may be so dissimilar in character. Alice Broad face possessed tbe opposite qualities to her brother, which perhaps accounted for tlhe friendship which existed be- tween herself and Grace Strong; neither she nor the doctor could feel at all cordial to the clergyman, but with the sister they were thoroughly at home. It has been stated that both the detectives and certain officers of the police force had been actively searching for Mrs Dalbert for several day but without success, and yet the very night on which Bruce and Seymour brought up the body of Raymond Ba! lantyne, she was in the. vicinity of Sea Cliff Towers. She had not heard of the arrest of Seth Rosedale and only guessing that the officers of the law were following her track, she had come out to Sea Cliff in the hope of meeting witil Rosedale, there being very impor- tant reasons why she wished to see him at once. It was quite nine o'clock when pass- tng across the Common Mr. Broadface saw a woman in front of him whom he took to be Mrs. Dalbert ; he followed her for some distance to find out, if possible ; but she had hurried on to- wards Fernville. Having seen her enter the house, and knowing that the detectives were back at the Towers, he hurried there to give them information which nii^ht, he thought, lead to her arrest. There was also another in ducement, he thought that Dr. Strong ?w,bb at an unfair advantage in securing tffb good graces of Miss Ballantyne and he wanti d an excues for calling at an anupual hour to learn something if pos cil-?-! of the general progress of affairs. Hurrying across tbe sandy common he might have been heard saying to liitnself : 'Dr. Strong is evidently waking the beat of his opportunity, and will work himself into the favour of Miss Ballantyne ae ranch as he pos sibly can. It is a great pity there has been all this terrible trouble at the Towers, bat as the proverb says: 4 It's an ill wind that blows no one any good,' and it is evident Strong is making the most of it.' He walked up the avenue and across the lawn to the terrace faciDg the front of the mansion. Here to his surprise be found th? large hall door wide open. There were lights shining in numerous windows of the house, and the thought occurred to him to walk straight in to tbf ' hauuted chamber ' where he had heard the two di (f dives were quart er- \--d, and. fiive them ibn information .direct, without, in the first instance, arousing the inmates of the mansion. ^ JSO doubt tbey have left the cn ?tatice door open for the 6ake of the \- fiesh air thus hot night,' he said. There was no on« about and he stepped into the hall and oouglnd »»d waited a moment; but thers was no response. The door leading into the haunt-d room was right in front of him. He Instated a minute, but then walked across and opened it. A light burnt dimly, and ueat the window he suw a figure sitting in ft chair. ' Is that you Mr. Bruce ? ' he asked in an hesitant and arolog'-tical tone of voice. There was no response whatever. ' He must be asleep,' he whimpered to liiuiself, ' and no wonder,' ho con tinued, ' seeing the time that tln?y have bern up and tho knocking about they have had. It looks more like Bruce, than Seymour, 1 will touch him and awaken him.'1 Anyone that has placed his hand upon the long dead body of a corpse will know how different the feeling is when compared -o warm pulpitaiing flesh. On feeling the shoulder Mr. Broadface was startled and at once, turned around to look at the face. ' My God !' he exclaimed, ' Its Raymond Ballautyntv' He stood for a moment in the dim light gazing at tho fearful thing in front of him and then turned and absolutely fled. In his haste he col lided against trees and shrubs, but he staggered on morn lik« a drunken man than a liiglily-reepected clergyman. Onon outsido tlie big white gate and clear of the prounds. he breathed more freely, but his while lips were com pressed and he -quickened his pace homeward. ' That awful place !' he ejaculated, ' I'll never a^aiu cross the threshold of it. The Septimus Dorset episode waB bad enough ; then Dr. Strong die appeared for a lime, and now the de tectives are gone, and in their room there is the corpse or ghost of Ray mond Ballantyne. Mystery and hor ror upon horror.' 'Christopher, whatever is the matter with you ?' exclaimed Alice Broadface when her brothc-r staggered rather than walked into thn parlour where she sat waiting for him. ?' Brijg me some brandy, Alice,' he said. Without a word she hurried into the dining room for tho spirit. He drank half a tumbler of it at a draught. '? 1 am only a bit faint and exhnusb ed,' he said, ' don't atk me any ques tions until the morning.'1 When ihe morning came, he was juEt in reticent, however, ?' I was feeling tired and ill ' wat all that his sister could get out of him. The fact waB his previous ex perience of the mystery of Sea-Clifl Towers had been sufficient to deter mine him that in his case' theleastsaid cue soonest menaea. ana lie determined to keep hi* own counsel ; he had seen no cne, and as far as he knew had not been seen, so whether what he had Boe-.i or ft It, was ghost or corpse, he would not be drawn further into the ghastly affair. ' Good heaven !' he exclaimed to himdelf, ' to think of tbe crimes that must have been committed in that house — what an inheritance for a wo man ! ' ' [To be continued.'] 