THE MAFFRA BEET SUGAR FACTORY. TO no; reason OF THE ARGUS. SIR-I read in ' Flic Argus" of to-day a letter Digno- sober I 1 steamer, in which some emslie but misleading remarks.! are made regarding the beet sugar industry I naturally) -suppose H V ' m neither a share holder nor is greater I and both, and know something on the subject Mr A in the Veldt 's ghost is periodically trotted out, but I don't think Mr V (le V. ever grew beats in a storm, and therefore his opinion is wen til somewhat less than any MnlTri farmer with his grown beet roots for the past four or lose this HIL cotton is now limit the ni refinery is even think that e and he desired, and, though the building and at what cost some limits uuU more than the directors calls [ held on, this is not me prising, tor if I" kill our r builds a fowl-house he will find in it there will of a certainty be a few more nails and palings required that he reckoned on -till a few liiiM- ileulitions were bound to creep into Birds in immense came on, however, the factory is built and done with, (except a few alterations which ex pence has taught are required "the" oil is the land in not suitable' Mr "snichir met all the other events sis Hint in the VIGIL more! they never mow find no suitable 1 ' s in a it is well known that bells lupins well allow the soil The soil here is a soft black alluvial, winch even in its virgin state is t easily worked, and it has been proved by experience that it is a foible even on the list t dipping of growing beet of extraordinary tidiness, and his two shops at that I saw one man take oil 12 tons per acre at Upper Maffra the summer before last It 1 Alliance says there are scarcely inn far more around Maffra M last a statement- as I say with truth that most of them are comfortably off. Surely) these folks, who are comfortably off, me the veil, ones to experiment on a meat industry, HUH i w e a total failure of their best crop does not spell ruin to them. The state mi at that they would not grow a single foot if they could get out of their contracts is in a mile and a libel on the farmers I don't bein vi Unit one single farms it is growing on a compulsion, but they are doing the best fast though they are doing well now, the J see clearly that there is every prospect of a great success in the beet industry, which in HO pre- eminently muted to sell land and a starving common with 'the growing of beet at present is expensive and poor men cannot afford to list moth on it, hence the necessity of the hated old man going in for big paddocks of it I suppose. it is a pity that there should be around Malfm nth men, who are also men of push and enter prise, prepare to sink a few of their thousands to forward in inartistic wind is thee best we means for the wealth to themselves and a good livelihood for so many hundreds of workmen; but [ fail to see and pity in it in self It would, in tr says be impossible to find out (towns depending on the in dustry very fine but fast, as I said he find a man must have more to start to on pan the land to sow, owned, thin hoe, and cultivate unit linK life and cut him a cup and the c\pinniciitn! put must be el and v folks iv i rim i ford to ask a few pounds and when it has been shown to be a certain the pilot mmi e in and will come Tuffin is one rum issue for the whole railton mill business musical mee R "in court- and. (iiMinin experts are required. I declare that it is in seed is put in lia, the direction of nth i p 11 specially t»tliieiiteil in 1 mope 'He" wants reliable farmer., not mine fatters 1 leph that every man at his arrows beet must become of cattle fattened on the hills the small scale, in Else Lotte one of the most valuable features of the intestines, and the tan was rely on if not the on acts of the will' 1 mail pass on "lirV aspersions re the treatment and as most of the factory bands merely wear that time were loan credit of men employed, and I am in a poor third to six until later in the all crushed, and that thereat ia' hundreds anxious to replace, its sale at all to leave Note, as a (flower has as many acres as I could afford, I inn in that I lost money on mi Kinwinir last season but I can see any man to make improvements in every area Ihm commit Henson VP land till Lost Itaidh anathema to in re are. not! T inn cul taste it danger and h mint it cheaper I have profit) of by the t estimate of last year, and instead of planting is in October I have planted streets and instead of taking out the facts in Mr mill illina I hope to be calling in Mint li. thin situruiK fine later- and return a tiiNltad of men and mud Am I as it misfired with the prospect at last veil' was, quite, for last year was the di rest and hottest on record in Victoria, and patliriil.tiIj in (Gippsland the only thing which Kept Ileen May the sugar beet 'since the white man came here a total failure in the potato crop was unknown till last year, and probably in my life time I may never see such a fashion in mi [sowed some potatoes last year 'The only came up to beat M o i head off, and Kills' no yield Du heats remained green, and gave me half a crop What, then, is there to do heard a man with any English blood in him a case "Kohl in," the faint-hearted, had better go to Europe till five net over our artfulness, -I am etc A SHAKKHO-DlíK AND GROWER. Maffra, Aug. 19. Emil 'Brunner ' tkfrlptlnn of "An Ancient Brett of ( mills " The Aiihtmlimliiii" this week. The stock it Mr J Mitchell's Tabletop last critically described by "Usual " "The Austral asian" there were 