5k 'Staee $rt*&ds;' TUtf. ^y ^cf'er ^pasin, :n Wi^J'V 4& m rnfiit. H HERE were three of (hem — ' Toff' Simmonds, H Sam 'Williams, and Joe Rudd, better known us H ' Holy Joe.' Tlie Litter's title had been be ^^ stowed upon him partly on account of a habit lie had of quoting Scripture in a free and original way of his own. and partly in a spirit of irony. Sam Williams was no good, the 'Toff' was bad, but both were saints compared with ' Holy,' who dominated them accordingly, in virtue of his superior gifts. 'J hey called themselves 'prospectors,' but they were, in truth, nothing more than gleaners and snatchers of other men's leavings, and were content to haunt played-out diggings on the forlorn chance of dropping across some stray patch or overlooked nugget. They were partners on the ' share and share alike ' prin ciple, and it did happen occasionally that a streak of luck made the ever-present possibility of a month's idleness and debauchery at the neighbouring township, a blissful reality. It was a roasting day — the sort of day on which even industrious men, who have rates, and possibly income tax, to pay, are inclined to take things easy. Over the sterile surface of the Prince's Creek diggings the hot air shimmered and rippled as over the mouth of a furnace, and the pun gent haze which drifted lazily before the slight northerly breeze told of bush fires on the distant ranges. ' What's become of Sam ?' inquired Rudd querulously of ''Toff' Simmonds, as the two reposed under the shadow of an oak which had by some chance been spared the usual fate of gokllield trees. ' Fancy his messing about in that hole the Murphys' sank last year,' grumbled the 'Toff.' ' Much good they did in it, and much more hnll do, though somebody'!! have to do something soon, for they've stopped the tick down at the store, and Smith, the butcher, had the cheek to tell Sam that he had pigs enough of his own to feed without botherin' about the likes of us.' ' How's the tea '?' inquired Rudd again, with a faint show of interest. . ' About .half a. pannikin left, and the sugar's out,'1 answered the other. 'Stony ain't the n;une for it.' From this it will be seen that the a Hairs of the com pany were, like those of many a bigger concern, finanoklly straitened. The periodical streak of luck was long overdue, and even the daily harvest of tiny specks, which collected made a beggai ly show in the bottom of a two-ounce medicine bottle, had failed, and the appalling prospect of having to support themselves !-y regular labour was star ing the unhappy men in the face. 'There's nothing for it, 'Holy,'' continued Sim monds. ' If we don't drop on to something right away we must clear ; there ain't gold enough left in this place to plug a tooth with. JHained if I wouldn't rather take a job o' wood- carting than go on like this,' he answered des perately. 'Yes,' assented Rudd, bitterly. ?& ?£? -£? ?£? ?& ?£? Rudd was a heavily-built., slow-speaking man, with deep-set little eyes and a fat, expressionless face. He was inordinately fond of drinking, eating, and good living, and i it was a hard fate, indeed, which had driven him into his present condition. For ail his apparent s'owness, how ever, he had more than the wit of his two mates combined. Under different conditions he might have scored heavily as a labour leader and strike organiser, and as it was he man aged to work least and eat and talk most of the party. 'While the two men conversed thus sadly, a crunching step was heard on the gravel soil, and, looking up they saw the third partner, Williams, coming towards them. He walke.T. with a hurried, shambling step, different from his usual loitering gait, and his mates could see by his face that something out of the way had happened. ' Well ! What cheer, Sammy ?' crie.l the ' Toll',' banteringly. ' Did you find it too lonesome down there '? Didn't see.nothing of the ghost of old Murphy, did you '?'' Rudd did not speak atlirst, but, fixing his pig-like little eyes on the new comer, who stood . before them with a childish grin on l.isface, and his right hand half held be hind his back, he cried : ' What is it Sam ? Spit it out, man— spit it out I' For answer the other extended a great hairy paw, in the palm of which lay a piece of rusty quartz about the size of a cake of toilet soap, thickly encrusted with rough virgin gold of the quality dear to the hearts of miners. '' I've struck the reef,'1 he said, briefly. 'Where ?' gasped the other two, springing to their feet simultaneously. They were equally excited now. 'Right fvt the end ot the drive,'' said Williams; 'if they'd worked another two hours they'd have been on to it.'' 'Thank God old man Murphy turned up his toes when he did,' said Rudd, solemnly. ' Amen to that,'' assented the others, so/lo rnce. In the brains of each of the three men there wellrd up a luxurious vision of a probably near and glorious future. ' Holy' Rudd became (for the moment) a prosperous met. ropolitan hotel proprietor, for his tendencies were all in the direction of respectability. The 'Toff' conjured up a gorgeously-arrayed presentment of himself ensconced on the box seat of a four-in-hand, and driving for all he was worth to Hades, e-a the Mel- ourne Cup. Poor Sam Williams, who was deficient in imagination, and who had at one time been ashepherd on astation, gotno further than the nearest town ship and the knocking down of a colossal cheque. A ravishing suggestion of ham and eggs, co-mingled with the subtler odour of bottled liquids, seemed to pervade the atmosphere, and the sordid toil-compelling surroundings to be lost in a delirious dream of feather beds and indolence. Rudd was the first to come back to earth. ' Look here, mates,' lie said, holding up an impressive forefinger, ' this must be kept dark for a bit, if there's any thing in it. Not a licker, not so much as a taste even, till we get things fixed up, or we'll be havi.-.g the whole dis trict camped round hero. ' Where the carcass is — ' but let's have a look at Sam's find first as a sort of preliminary.' The ' find ' proved good beyond their hopes. In five days by dint of unwonted toil, they managed to drag out of the abandoned claim gold roughly valued '-y Rudd (although he did not say so) at nearly five hundred pounds. By his advice the pretence of poverty was carefully kept up. In response to the storekeeper's demand for something on account of his little bill of three pounds ten, a few penny weights of small dust were paid, and the trio walked past the open bar of the Btassey Arms in the spirit of martyr heroes. '?No blooming boards of directors or company pro moters for us,' declared the self-constituted leader of the party, as tho three, tired bub exultant, held secret con clave in their tsnt on the sixth night after the discovery. ' We've got enough now to \start the thing ourselves — engine, crushing plant and ail\; we can rough crush what we've got i:i hand, turn it intolpash, get everthing set up, and there we are — the 'Three friends Gold Mining Com pany, United,' unlimited and no liability. AVe've fallen on stony ground of the right sort, my bucks, and we're going to reap a thousandfold.' Next day, however, the hopes of the new company were doomed to receive a severe check. The reef which had commenced so well suddenly gave out. The proverbial ill-luck of the Murphys seemed loth to relax its grip on the claim. They had besn known locally as tin; ' no good Murphys,' to distinguish them from other more prosperous residents of the same name, and people who knew the family intimately did say that the luckiest thing that ever happened to them was the sudden termination of the, old man's existence by a fall of earth in the drive the year before. For a time the three men worked on feverishly, in the hope that their luck might return — for reefs are erratic things — but no glint of the yellow gold again rewarded their labours. The first to realise the full extent of the disaster and the hopelessness of it was Rudd. Ho d:d not shed tears like Williams, and lay th--- blame of the misfortune on the Murphys in particular and Irishmen in general, nor did he blaspheme like Simmonds ; but he thongh't, thought hard. Was his cherished dream of ease and independence to be snatched from him just as he had begun to feel his .grip tighten on it ? Not if he could prevent it. 'Three's into five' — so ran his thoughts as he strained at the windlass (for he had persuad d the others to work on just to keep them in hand)— three's into five, once, and two over ; into twenty it'll go six times, and two more, that's another six — about a hundred and fifty alto gether, allowing for expenses ; not enough to do any good with — not near enough.' The 'Toft' wag below breathing his curses into the bowels of the earth, while Williams wv.s helping at the windlass and unloading the bucket as it came up. All heart had gone from them, but they toiled on, hoping against hope that the reef had only taken a dip, and that thf-y might drop on to it again. Just as the loaded bucket n eared the top the voice of Simmonds was heard call ng eagerly up the shaft, but lii.s words were, unintelligible. ' What's ' Tod' holleriu' about, Sam '? ' said Rudd. 'Biowed if I can make out,' answered A\ illiams, as with another turn they brought the load to the surface, and. letting go his grip of the handle, he leaned over to lift it off the hook. Quick as a Hash, in continuation of his former train of thought, a small sum in simple subtraction passed through Rudd's mind — a sort of sum that might be given to the youngest beginner in an infant school. 'One from three,' he calculated, 'leaves two: so much the better for the two !'' and he also let go his grip William-0, knowing that his mate stood thirty feet b.-low in a direct line under the heavy bucket, made a wild, unavail ing effort to grasp the whirling invisible handle. As he clutched vainly at it, the iron struck him twice — once on the knee, bringing him to the ground, and once o-.i the top of the head. ' Phew!' exclaimed RudJ, ' both of them ! This is rather more meat than I ordered, but I suppose I'll have to take it ; it seems no more than the fulfilment of Scripture after all.'' ' He had gone down to the creek for water,' be ex plained to the coroner's jury, ' and on returning found both his mates still' — one on top near the windlass, and the other at the bottom of the shaft all smashed up by the falling bucket.' ' Ic was unusual,' he said, ' to trust poor Sammy alone at the windlass,' and added regretfully that ' bad he only been about at the time, the accident would never have happened.' '? vv hat troubled him most, ' he further confessed to one who desired to commiserate with him on the sad event, 'was the belief that neither of his late partners was pre pared. ' Let us all be prepared,' ' he quot-d, wiping away a tear, ' ' for we know not the clay nor the hour.'' Years afterwards, a rowing resident oi Prince's Creek came across him running a snug-looking pub. in a Mel bourne suburb. J I o was fat and sleek, and looked like one who slept o' nights — but possibly his slumbers might have been less easy had he known the su^ataiico. of the pooi.1 'Toff's' parting words: 'Mates, L'vi struck the reef ; the three of us are made men !'' They hatf been en joying a festive evening with another far mer, and both the bi-others 'hail done themselves remarkably well,' to use an expressive | ill wise. They had a drive of about live miles lie fore them, and it was a darkish night : but the horse knew the way. Side by; side they sat in the cart, anil it went along at a spanking pace. At length they swung round the sharp turn which led to the house in a most alarming manner, onlj- just missing the gate post by an inch or two. 'Gently. George ! Gently round the corner, old man,' murmured Hill. George grinned. 'What ! Haven't you got the reins neither :' he said. 