SOME CHRISTMAS NUMBERS. Messrs. Gordon and Gotcb have forwarded the "Imperial" Christmas number of the "Gentle woman." Ono unique featuro is that tlio contri butions are solely by authors and artists of colo- nial birth. Pride of place Is given to Mrs. Flora Annie Steel's story, "Tho Doll-Maker." for which tlio illustrations havo been drawn by Mr. Percy Spence. Australia Is represented In tho letter press by stories from tho pens of Miss Ethol Turnor and Miss Alary Gaunt. Miss Turner's contribution Is eutitled "The Blaclc Ghost," and Is accompanied by drawings for which Mr. B. E. Minns Is reponsible. Mr. Arthur Stl'eeton makes his appearance as tho illustrator of tho Victorian writor's story, Canada and South Africa are also represented, but tho prominence given to Aus tralians Is an eloquent testimony to our literary and artistic progress. There is also a charming print 011 silk, entitled "Moonlight Melody," but tlio "Imperial" Idea Is hardly supported by Mr. Streoton's allegory of "tho Crimson Thread of Kinship." From Gordon and Gotch also comes the "Sketch" Christmas number, again a model of ar tistic A typography. Tho prose Includes "Wy- marko" and the "Sea Fairies," by G. Edward H. Cooper, and stories entitled "Far Above Rubles," by Dr. Georgo Macdoimld, and "A Seafaring Philo sopher" from the pen of Mr. W. E. Norris. A couple of bailades by Mr. J. M. Bulloch also ap pear. Dudley Hardy, Oscar Wilson, and other ar tists aro represented by drawings pertinent to a joyous occasion, anil with the number go two ex cellent oolored plates. Ar, usual, tlio tliristmns number of tho "Bul letin" Is eloquent of Australia. Most of our best known writers are therein represented. Verses come from tho pens of Victor Daley, Will Ogllvle, Edward Dyson, and tho "Banjo," and from Roilerlo Quinn, Francis Konua, Randolph Bedford, Chris. Brenniiii. Arthur II. Adams, and W. T. Qoodge. Tho signatures to tho stories Include thoso of Louis Becko, Alex. Montgomery, Uoderic Quinn, J. A. Plillp, "Steele Rtldd," A. Leo Watts, Miss Louise Maek, and "Alba Dorlon," a writer with n rare gift for the short story. It would be astonishing to see so much elcvor work gathered frrfm Australian sources but for tho fact that tlio "Bulletin" set up a lino standard of excollciice In oarllor Christmas Issues. Of course, "Hop." algna several Inimitable drawings, and tho other, artists Include G. W. Lambert, B. E. Minns, F. P. Mahony, .and II. Soutor. 