C-.( J " piiwu PrejodiGS. ! rrnW ■ Correspondents are invited to submit to ( editor of Table Talk smartly written ; Lcageaphs. If accepted, payment will be ide aocording to our usual rates. The brmatton must be authentic, original iexolusiva. Correspondents should aim brevity and literary finish. !:• rp Parves' geography of Ireland is challenged Mr. C. A4. Smyth. The eminent Q C. will have it fcDdblin is in the south of Ireland." •I m * ' * til' Janlmfi Tyson, the Australian" multi-million. saoa^r. waa asked the other d»y wh? he did which he repliedDo you often find ^^K&wE;>enulation8.P ! I'- • yerex is a Wellington tradesman-whoihe States, and after thisfashion he takes ito his confidence through the>PosT n December 29. at The Wigwam/Belmont, I of Geo. M. Yerex—a lovely daughter." bia!" I » • • [q to official figures the rating values of incil show a constant decrease of from &3000 a year. The number of empty 9 than counterbalances the value of new Irected, and Hobart is fast reaching a sperity when a mortgage must be raised in roller in order to pay the mayor's tea[rarium. • | * • pes, the Attorney-General for Queens[reeently paid a visit to the " Eternal iescribed by the Roman Herald as " the Minister of Justice" and the object of n with Cardinal Rampolla and His HoliPope was "to obtain for Australian be freedom and privileges enjoyed by all Dies residing in British possessions." I * f * * IksWho wrote the following lines ? t "On the way to Kew, I By the river old and (fray, ■ "Where in the Long Ago ■ We laughed and loitered so, ■ I met a ghost to-day, ■ A ghost that told of you; K A ghost of low replies ■ And sweet insorutable eyes, 9 Coming up from Biolimond, ■ As you used to do." 1 * I # * I incentive to deeds of heroism in Yield be the knowledge that the hero is |to receive an eloquent complimentary [Chief Justice Sir John Madden. Such a received the other day by Mr. Fowler, of who heroically rescued a father and child | burnt to death in a local bush fire, am Bede Dalley died Sir John is without bhe production of these graceful episites. And Dalley was a master of the . * * * , Jellicoe, the Wellington solicitor, is a ily intimidated, but he found it necessary ristrate to bind over Frederick Herman leberg to keep the peace towards him. ie magistrate that in January, 1894, [erman threatened to kill him if he did ite Sir Robert Stout. Also, that he was fire eating Junker would do him some ^kewise, that Frederick was understood sserted that nine mnrders had been in the Wellington Asylum, and that he Jack the Ripper. . • , n Westlake, for some time connected arne newspapers, later on snb-editor and dney Olobe, and for several years past ■ Sydney Daily Telegraph, has started rn" at Wagga. Mr. Westlake had a ce with editor Short, of Melbourne. bIIs the anecdote: " The venture died »le of issues, and Short, who had done he writing, wrote the obituary for the r. ' Short was its life,' was the brief & notice. But somebody got at the copy and Short was its death.'" : • * * Wragge, the Queensland "weather r ni **• Wragge when he publishes a Clement L. Wragge when he fignres ?ty upon the " Infinite Dynamo." Here ia a specimen of Mr. Wragge's prose:—"Although in the twisting and curving isobaric lines, enclosing and encompassing as they do the high mountains and valleys of atmosphere, we can read lyrical stanzas of grand and thundering beauty, we know full well that the public cannot reasonably be expected to take a poetical view of the question, so we therefore conclude without another word." * « • Melbourne may well be proud of her FitzGibbon, who is ever ready, like the white knight he is, to set lance in rest and charge upon her enemies. Perorating at the late Sewer-Opening Banquet be said—"Despite the sneers of puny punsters and feeble wits, who directed their shallow sarcasm at • Marvellous Smellbourne,' by the influence of the Metropolitan Board of Works she would shortly become the sweetest, as she was now the healthiest city in Australia." When that happens this grateful city will probably erect a temple to Fitz and worship him with semi-divine honours as her Tutelary Genius. He should look well as a graven image. * * * Mr. H. Taperell, a native of New Zealand, who has been reporter and " smart" writer on Sydney .Daily Telegraph, goes back to edit the Neiv Zealand .7?tlnes. Taperell held up his end of the Daily Telegraph 'fuuhyN^ound table very successfully. The gay BpiHfcs^wlvp fill that portion of the paper used to be -The late Sir Henry Parkes's pet aversion. Most x, dailies \ no W give a couple of "smart" men their fling on & iide column, and it often happens that ■ thes^-gfeniuses "guy" the solemn editorial utterances felsewfihi'e. That is what Parkes persisted in calling "disgraceful editing." But while the humour is genial and the diction' not over slangy, the public take it for what it is worth, and do not seem to mind if it occasionally contradicts the leading columns. # * • Who was the high official that Mr. N. Levi, M.L.C., met at a great society reception in London t The prompt attention that he gave to a reasonable suggestion deserves the reward of his name being handed down to fame. Mr. Levi mentioned that the Board school books contained no information regarding the Australian colonies, and straightway the high official, "made a note of it" on his shirt cuff, assuring Mr. Levi that the next edition of Royal Readers should contain full particulars about Australia. But if he really wants to see young Englishmen emigrating to Victoria, he should beg that high official to print Johnny Briggs1 " alleged" interview as to how the English Eleven lost the •' rubber," on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. * # # Quite a commotion has been caused in Geraldton, West Australia, by the refusal of a nun to appear as a witness in the local police court. It seems that a little boy attending the school was discovered by the police to have stolen a copy book and some pencils from the school, and the nun was summoned to identify the property. She declared she .could not, and being one of an " enclosed " order, stated she could not leave the convent without the leave of the bishop. The police magistrate made a great fuss about his warrant for the appearance of the witness, being defied, but eventually she did appear. What the vicar-general, the Rev. Father Bourke, complains of is the refusal of the police magistrate to accept a solicitor's explanation of the nun's apparent defiance of his warrant, and her affidavit that she could not identify the stolen property. • ♦ * The President of the Braybrook Shire Council has got himself disliked by the members of tbe Council, who roundly declare that they will not sit with him any more. The reason for this revolt is not without its moral. When the President was elected an allowance of £20 was voted for him, and it was expected that, as former Presidents had done, he would spend this sum in paying for councillors' dinners on meeting-days—which occur monthly. But the President thought otherwise and sent circulars to the councillors informing them that each would have to pay for his " own dinner. The ungenial, un- English and inhospitable nature of this action aroused their spleen against him. Hence the trouble. It is safer to deprive a tigress of her whelps than a shire-councillor of his dinner when he thinks it has been paid for in advance. * * * The story goes that when the aboriginal deputation visited the Chief Secretary's office on Tuesday to complain of their being ordered from Framlingham to Corranderk station, the clerk was instructed to tell them that the Minister was out, and they must go to the office of the Board. The deputation was reluctant to leave, and while hanging round, they heard {the laugh. Instantly the deputation uttered such a responding guffaw that tbe Minister rushed out of his room to see what was the matter, and so had to receive the unwelcome natives. By the way, Justin McCarthy, in the last volume of his History of Our Own Time, says that the late Mr. Fawcett, who was Postmaster-General in several Gladstone Ministries, had a peculiar laugh, which was his greatest charm and principal element of popularity. The question now arises: Is Mr. Peacock's laugh natural or is the Victorian Minister of Edrcation merely an imitator of the English statesman. Tenor Philip Newbury seems to be as touchy as cricketer Ranjitsinhji. In the Tivoli Theatre, Sydney, on Monday night last, Miss Agnes Hazel, a new serio- comic Binger, made her first appearance, and the stage-manager asked the audience to excuse her from singing an encore song as she had been travelling all day. But the audience—or rather the rowdy portion of it—cared nothing for the physical feelings of a mere actress, and when Mr.; Newbury came on the stage to sing howled and hooted at him with all their might. He retired with a remark to the effect that he would never sing in that hall again. Ranjitsinhji made a similar remark with regard to playing in Adelaide after he had been "guyed" by the local "barrackers." Both statements were, of course, received with derision. Public performers of all classes should be pachydermatous. They should copy the callousness of the politician and calmly ignore all expressions of disapproval short of brickbats and dead cats. • • • There was, according to the Observer, much jubilation and champagne in certain Auckland circles the other flight on account of the sale of a wellknown breeding establishment and stud farm to a wealthy and distinguished visitor from one of the Australian colonies. It was a great sale entirely. The cheque for the purchase money was written out on the spot, and they say it was for no less a sum than twelve thousand guineas. But something went wrong with the works. The jubilation and the champagne were both premature. When the cheque was presented on the following morning, it was found that payment had been stopped, and that the purchaser was indisposed to complete his bargain. The cheque, it was pleaded, was given when the gentleman was in a convivial mood and after he had been wooing the rosy goddess too ardently. The vendors were not satisfied, however. They took legal advice in the matter, but it was of no avail. And now the sale of the breeding establishment for twelve thousand guineas is off. So also was the purchaser. • • * Lord William Nevill, who stayed at Government House, Melbourne, in Lord Loch's time was converted to Roman Catholicism at Richmond, under the coaching of Lord Castlerosse, one of Lord Loch's staff. It is suggested by the Saturday Review that Lord William changed his faith in order to win Miss Murrietta, the daughter of the Spanish financier. But another report states that some time before he married be had thoughts of entering a monastery. What seems probable is that if the Argentine collapse had not brought down the house of Murrietta, Lord William Nevill would have been a very rich man. The story that he received .£5000 for bringing a prince to an entertainment given in London by a wealthy Australian, of course, is not true. There are not known to beany Australians now in England making it their business to run after royalty, and the price seems extravagant. The Prince of Wales has had no occasion for several years to complain of the " dreadful" attentions which an ambitious Australian looking for a peerage used to pay him " He follows me about," once said his Royal Highness, "like a dog." All sorts of lies are just now being invented about Lord William Nevill, but his many Australian friends decline to believe everything that is put in in print by sensation mongers. • * « The Dunedin Jockey Club, the Dunedin Exhibition Committee, and the Otago Jubilee Demonstration Committee are at loggerheads over the New Zealand Governor. The Jockey Club wants Lord Ranfurley to see the Dunedin Cup run, and are willing to postpone that great national event for halfan-hour, if need be, in order that the Governor should witness this great race, before which a Melbourne Cup, a British Derby, or a Paris Grand Prix pale into insignificance. The Exhibition Committee want the Governor to open their bazaar, not so much because they want to do honour to the vice-regal visitor, but because it is thought the Governor would prove a'" draw " for the show, and assist in this way to pav,elff certain debentures on the Agricultural Hall tor .which -the .exhibition has been specially promoted.' , Meanwhile, however, to the chagrin of the Jockey .Club and Exhibition Committee Governor Ranfurley has- placed his movements during the Otago""Jubilee week entirely in the hands of Mayor CargilLjahAirman of the Otago Jubilee Demonstration .Commt^teb. That is a cute move on the part of the Gbverrfor. Lord Ranfurley does not want to offend anyone, and sniffing danger ahead he has adroitly thrown the responsibility of his movements upon Mayor Cargill. A Governor nowadays is an advertisement pure and simple and he is sought after merely because it is thought his presence will bring in money to those who succeed in getting him on view ! If anyone doubts this, let him analyse for himself why the Jockey Club and the Exhibition promoters want the Governor at their respective gatherings! 