CHILDREN'S COLUMN. BARTY. The Bchool year was nearing its close. Only a few hot, heavy days remained ; and this day, too, was drawing to a close. The hands of the clock pointed to half-past 8\. Teacher, wise beyond her threeand twenty years,: recognised that the limit of hex patience had been reached. She closed her geography, released from the black board the boy who was hopelessly scratch ing the pointer over the map of Asia in vain search for the Yang-tse- Kiang, and slid : ' Yonr first recitation to-morrow will be section one of the questions on the map of Africa. I wish every boy to devote him self to study between now and 4 o'clook. Any communication will be punished by detention after school.' When Eddy Bryant's head sank on his desk and his labored breathing was heard throughout the room ; when five-and-forty pairs of eyes looked more often at the big clock than at the map of Africa, Teacher's own eyes kept steadfastly on her book. It may have been thah Teacher herself was well on the way to join Eddy Bryant in the happy Land of Nod. Certain it is that she was unconscious that the forty-five pairs of eyes turned suddenly away from the big clock, which was not in the direc tion of Africa. A snicker from Eddy Bryant, . who had returned to the world much refreshed by his jourriey, startled her. In that unlucky moment of unconscious ness Teacher had lost her grip upon her nerves, and when it became plain to her that Barty Grogan was offender- in-chief her voice quivered with indignation. Barty Grogan was head boy and ' Teacher's pet.' For ten months he had been her devoted slave and the model pupil to be depended upon in all emergencies. But Barty's turn had come now, and for the other pupils even the big clock had no attractions compared with this interesting crisis. ' Barty Grogan !' rang out Teacher's voice, ' take your foot off your desk im mediately!' Barty's loot remained upon the desk-top ; the Bchoolrocm bristled with interest. Teacher was at her wit's end. She had heard of this stubbornness in Barty. There was a tradition in the neigh borhood that he had once spent the night in a doorway, to which he had chased Eddy Bryant for ' last . tag,' rather than leave defeated. She had heard other tales of Barty's obstinacy ; occasionally she had felt that only tactful management on her own part had spared her from collision with it. She bad, however, been victorious for 10 months, in which time Barty had been unto her a very squire of dames. And now it had come to this !' ' Barty Grogan,' began Teacher again, ' take your foot off your deak or leave the room.' When Barty was 'set' he was, indeed, impervious to every known mode of disci pline. He could be reached only at one point, and Teacher's last command had touched this. To the bewilderment of his compeers and to Teachor's almost dismayed satisfaction, the ragged boot and indescrib able stocking were removed from her view, and Barty, again himself, sat erect and Ptniling in his seat. His lips were seen to . move, and a low chuckle escaped him. The end of the battle had not come for Teacher. *' Barty Grogan, no communicating I Re peat aloud what you said to yourself.' ' I said I don't know how I could leave the room without taking my boot off of the desk,' The hands of the big clock ticked as they reached the hour. The great school gong sounded through every corner of the square brick building. There was an instant of conflict between normal-school discipline and Teacher herself. She laughed; the five-and-forty urchins laughed. \- ' Boys,' said Teacher, ' we're all glad school's over tor to-day. First row rise, file into the coat-room and down-stairs in line.' The big brick building swarmed in every story with lines of boys, orderly as the out ward men, but full of restless energy with in. As each boy reached the Btone steps outside, the inevitable explosion took place. Some whoopod with the energy of Indians in their native wilds; some leaped the length of the steps, and oue and all assisted those in front of them to hasten their descent. Behind Bsrty slouched John York, a sullen, hulking fellow, whose seat in class had been as unchanging os Barty'a own, but diametrically across the schoolroom, His heavy face indioated lack of what was fine rather than positive viciou3ness. As Barty lingered on the top step, swinging his arms, blocking the way, and declaim ing : — 'One to make ready, two to pre pare, three to go slam-bang right—' John York kicked him from behind, and Barty plunged forward among the boys below. His fall upon the pavement was broken, and in an instant he was on his feet with face full of pain and raga. ' I'll pay you for that !' he shouted ; then he tottered and fell. Instantly the dispersing crowd surrounded him. 'I'm all right, fellows,' he said, in a be wildered stammer, raising himself on his elbow. ««. Just get out of the way and let me — ' and this time Barty's face turned white, and he sank upon the bricks a limp little heap. ' Here's the cop ; cheese it, cheese it f ' pissed among the crowd, and somo of the boys flad, as red-faced Policeman Burke strode toward the steps. Carefully he lifted Barty in his arms, and escorted by a little crowd of boys, carried him towards the main thoroughfare where lay the little lad's home. ' Poor little feller ! Poor little feller !' over and over said big Policeman Barke. 'Who did it, boys? Jest let me catch him.' And the excited boys repeated, ' Who did it?' ' 'Twas Eddie Bryant. I saw him come downstairs just behind Birty.' ' 'rwasn't me, neither,' shouted outraged Eddy Bryant. ' Birty tumbled right down on top of me and knocked my cap off;' and Eddy displayed his visorless baseball cap as proof of his innocence. ' 'Twas one of the fellers that ran when the cop came,' volunteered another of the boys. ' You might know he wouldn't stay. Twas a mean trick, anyhow.' And they stopped at the door of the tall tenement whose front attic was the home of Barty and his widowed mother. ' I know where the key is,' volunteered Eddy Bryant, and with this knowledge as his warrant he accompanied the officer and his unconscious little burden up the long and narrow flights of stairs. From under the mat Eddy drew the key, unlocked the door, and preceded Policeman Burke into the empty room. With wonderful thoughtfulness Eddy Bryant stripped back the white covering of the bed. ' She thinks a lot of that,' he said. ' Barty told me so. The lady she lived with before she was married gave it to her. Barty thinks a lot of it, too, and then never sit on the bed like we do.' Po' iceman Burke laid the limp little figure on the sheets. ' Where's his mother ?' he asked, as he straightened up and looked about the room. ' I don't know,' said Eddy. ' I guees nobody knows. She don't talk much to folks.' Mary Grogan returned from her long day of toil to find her peaceful room a scene of confusion and her boy a moaning little figure stretched on the white bed of which they were so proud. Not all the efforts of the doctor and the youDg parish clergyman had availed to keep the room free from kindly-curious neighbors; but the grief stricken mother was beyond their under standing, and one by one they slipped away. A woman of few words at any time, she now stood beside the boy, and in a dull, hard tone said, ' Who did it ? Wno hurt Birty ?' Then, dropping beside the bed, she shook with paroxysms of grief, uttering one low wail after another. The clergyman touched her on the shoulder. ' Mrs. Grogan,' he said, ' you mast be brave ; Barty mast have good care, and the doctor will do his best for him.' There were a few days of moaning de lirium, and then one morning Barty gave his mother a pitiful little smile. ' Don't mind, ma,' he whispered. ' I won't soil the spread,' and he tried to hold out a weak little hand, white as it had never been before since Barty left bis cradle. ' Birty,' she implored, ' who did it 1 Tell ma.' 'i He did not answer. He seemed to go off into unconsciousness again. A faraway look, such as Teacher had seen that last hot afternoon in the schoolroom, came into his eyes, and his head settled back into the pillow. Eioh attempt on the poor mother's pavt brought the same result, and at last Mary Grogan realised that the littlo white boy who lay oa the white bed was in very truth her Birty, for sho knew that he was 'set.' The conviction thafc Barty would not toll produced an almost frantic desire to know ' who did it.' Each day the little figure on the white bed grew frailer ; each hour the white face on the pillow bore less and less likeness to merry, rosy Barty of the brick schoolhouse ; but each night the mouth took on its old, firm set, and the eyes stared far away into the distance, beyond his mother's pleading face. The young clergyman knew, and that was a comfort to Barty. Sometimes, when the day was less hot or the awful weakness of the ebbing life seemed to drag less upon him, Barty would talk the matter over with the clergyman. 'You see, I ain't going to tell because he didn't mean to hurt me. 'Twoa't do ma any good to know. She'd just jaw him, and the fellows would, too, and he never meant it.' Before school ended Teacher came to say a long good-bye to her faithful little squire. Birty'e eyes had a bit of the old twinkle as he said, ' I had to tako my boot; off the desk, didn't J, TeexherT Then he queried feebly, ' Am I going to get double promotion, Teacher ?'_ ' Yes,' said Teacher, with her eyes full of leare, ' and all the boys will be pro moted, Barty, except John York.' Barty seemed to grow more feeble after this and teacher took her leave, putting her face down close to the white cheek of the little lad so soon to be ' promoted.' Before his mother left, the room next morning he asked, with more eagerness than she had- seen for days, ' Ma, can one of the fellows come to see me to-day ?' Mrs. Grogan looked doubtful. 'The fellows ' represented to her mind the great warring powers of evil that encompassed Barty round about. But; the eager look on his face was not to be refused. ' Who do you want 1' Bhe said, doubt fully ; ' Eddy Bryant ?' 'No,' answered Birty, slowly; 'I want John York.' 'Oh, Barty, don't plague ma now. You don't want that great rough fellow. You didn't ever think anything of him.' 'I want to see John York,' repeated Barty, feebly, and his faint little v_oice had a familiar ring of determination that was like a ghost of the past. Mrs. Grogan fastened her bonnet, kissed her boy and left the room, locking the door from the outside and placing the key beneath the torn mat, from which hiding-place the doctor, the minister, and the neighbor from the back attic were accustomed to draw it. Barty lay back content, and dozed and waited. Late in the afternoon he was roused from his light slumber by the opening of the door. In the doorway stood a sullen looking boy, who leaned heavily against the door jamb, as if seeking a moral support that his hulking body failed to provide. The two looked at each other in silence for the instant in which consciousness was returning to Barty. John York had been brought thither by a power not his own — fear to disobey the com mand of the woman with the hard, agonised face who had sought him that morning — fear also of the awful thing that he had done, the awful consequences of which his dull brain dared not try to grasp. All his lifd every man's hand had been against him, and he slouched through each day and month and year in dull, unreason ing hatred of hia kind. Gaffed by his father, scolded and ridi culed by his teacher, shunned by the boye, he had unconsciously fortified himself against the world by increasing his indiffer ence and insensibility to its blows. That very morning Teacher, with tears falling down her cheeks, had told the class about poor, white little Barty, lying on bis white bed, rever again to join them in thpir Bports. ' Boys,' she said, 'you all war. t to be men. True men are never cruel. When people are cruel and brutal and wantonly injure others, they are not mon and women at all. but cowards and brutes. ' God tolls every one of you that he has got to study hard to learo to be a true man. That is the only way to save this world from dreadful things — by every boy learning to be a true man, and not cowardly and brutal. The last morning Barty was in school I wrote on the board for the . day's verse : — Evil is wrought by wont of thought Far more than by want of heart. Say it over for me, altogether boys.' And with solemn faces the four-and-forty urchins repeated the lines. All this was slowly, dully revolving in John York's mind as he stood staring at the little white boy lying on the white bed, just as Teacher had told them. ' Hullo, Johii,' said Barty, 'I'm glad you've come. Shut the door.' John closed the door awkwardly, and slouched towards the white ibed, his heavy face full of dull, scared misery. ' Say, John,' began Bavty, 'I knew you kicked me, and I wanted to see you and tell you I'm never goirg to tell, and you mustn't let on either. ... I knew you didn't mean to hurt me, and- 1 haven't told any body, and I'm not going to.' At last the sluggish soul. was stirred to its depths. Jjhn dropped by the white, bed, buried hia shaggy head: in the sheet, and sobbed till Barty cried in sympathy. To Barty, however, the explanation of John's grief lay in the terrible disgrace of being ' kept back.' ' Don't you mind, John,' he consoled. ' Teacher's awfully nice. I wouldn't mind so much if I was kept back in her room. She's awful pretty. Perhaps they'll pro mote you in February.' . ' ' I don't mind about that,' choked John. ' They don't never promote me often. But I don't mean to—' and his teacher's words forced themselves back into the dull brain, ' I didn't mean to be brutal to you.?' ' You weren't brutal,' ho said. ' That's when men kick horsas. You diin't mean to hurt me. I always knew you didn't mean anything but fun, and . that's why I won't tell on you. 'Taint as bad as you thiDk.' ; But John could not ba comforted. ' I aint been brought up well. Teacher told me I aint, one day. Nobody don't look after me any, and, and — ' here his head lifted and his eyes surveyed the white bed which Mary Grogan toiled to keep fresh for her boy, ' and nobody don't make my bed,' he groaned, letting his head grovel in ' the sheets once more. Barty -was growing very weary now. He gave John's shaggy kead a little pat. ' Don't you mind about me, John. I'm awful sorry about your bed. Ma'll let you come to see me every day. I'd rather have you than Eddy Bryant. I guess—' and poor, weak little Barty was asleep. One day the youDg minister told Barty he would not live to play among the other boys again. The boy did not seem to be much im pressed. He had grown too weak to care what came now, and the days were very hot and the nights very long. Sometimes it seemed to the young clergy man that the only tie that bound him at all to life was the determination to resist his mother's appeal — ' Tell ma who did it, Barty ! ' But later in the day Bnrty said to John, 'I want you should be good to ma, and don't you ever tell her who did it. She'll fell awful bad when she hasn't got me, and perhaps she'll like you then.' Another day and Mary Grogan did not go to work. The doctor came, and then the young minister, and the faces of both were very grave and solemn. Barty lay white and still upon his white bed. His eyes opened and fell upon bis mother sitting by the foot of the bed. Be hind her stood the doctor and the clergy man, whose face was hidden in his hand. ?' Ma,' whispered Barty, ' you don't mind, do you, because I didn't tell. He didn't mean to hurt me. You'll be good to John, won't you, ma, because he hasn't got any mother — and nobody makes his bed.' And then the little whisper stopped, and Barty got his double promotion. 