HERE AND THERE An old friend of mine sends me what he calls an anagram, over which he is obviously chuckling. I am not ashamed to 'confess that at first I was not quite certain as to what an anagram wa:;, ,. I turned to my dictionary, and then I remembered. ,: Everybody know:s the game, in which you are given a word. and told to construct another word or short sentence out of it, It seems that in former times importance was attach ed to them, by Plato amongst other people, on the ground that there was some relation of them to the character or destiny of the persons from whose names they were formed. Whethdr this is so in the case of my friend's anagram. I must leave it to others to decide, Any how, the view proved correct enough in the anagram composed upon the name of Florence Nightingale, which was. "Flit On, Cheering Angel." Having af forded this explanation for the benefit of people who are no wiser than I was at first, I may present my friend's ana gram, merely premising that it is only intended as a harmless joke, and has no offensive meaning. He has discovered that the word Federation can be ana g.-ammed (that ought to be a dictionary word. if it isn't) into "One Fat Reid." And he further preseints it as "F:at Reid Won." But I don't think either Plato or Socrates would approve of a phonetic anagram. -There is not a more kindly- natured.or j more truthful man in the "Force" than Constable Strickland. Therefore, when he says that there are flower sellers in. Swanston street who can sometimes make twelve shillings a day. it is as the dictum of the .Mikado.. Taking an aver age per week, it would probably mean about ten bob a day. Be it so. That is nearly the pay o' "Captain Jinks. of the Horse Marines." and no "horse to feed upon corn and beans." IWhy, then. should I labor and toil these hard time. with a van to keep in order and a horse to feed before I can put a penny in my own pocket, when there is such a fieild open to me? Perish the thought. No. I will dye msy moustache, . cultivate a foreign accent--not Dttch--sing "Santa Lucia" through my nose, and offer for sale the joyous jonquil. thei modest violet, and the blooming boronia in defiance of all that Ham and Co. or Chambers and Seymour may say to the contrary. So long as I keep moving Strickland will not inter fere with me. "For he himself has said It," and, what is more, "it's" greatly to his credit. Master Stanley Evans. of North Mel bourne, aged ten years, has. told the po lice a. strange stor.'. There is nothing biout Cassim Baba or a cave of jewels in it, but there is something like a giant. For. as Measter Stanley was returning from a visit'to his aunt, with the corn pas-atively large sum of twelve shillings In his pocket, ia middle - aged man of Herculean proportions suddenly advanc ed upon him. swung hint over his. shoul der, .after true bandit fashion. carried hini off to a nelghboiring cowshed, and there quietly, but firmly, deprived him of his money, adding insult to injury by -thile ferocious remark that he was sorry the boy himself was not negotiable." There is sad truth in this remark.- A boy of ten is not negotiable-I never yet heard of anybody awho wanted to adopt one. You might. if he were remarkably fat or thin. or if he had ten toes on one foot. hire him out to a waxworks or a circus. :ut if lie be an ordinary boy. as a negotiable medium he is worthless. You couldn't even raise a bath bun or a drink on him. He is neither a thing of beauty nor a joy. You can't put him up to auction. No constable would take him hi satisfaction of a distress war rant. You can "endore" him-with a cane-but he Is still of "no account." If preternaturally sharp, an A.N.A. debat ing club might do something with him. But in otdinary life he is simply a. nuis ance. too young to be told to "strip on the burning deck," and too old to be sent below to turn in witlh the babies. That fMr F. J. Sincock has no faith in our pt'sent method of dealing withl drunkenness is. to me, and many others, a matter of indifference. The problem lhtiL puzzled society for ages. and will continue to do so till the milennium. As a matter of fact. there is no man more repentant than the drunkard himself, especially when a recuperative brandy and-soda is not handy. But when Mr Sincock says that the whole staff and paraphernalia of the Mansfield Gaol are maintained to watch and look after a daily average of one prisoner, he be cormes practical, and the matter wants looknging ito. As for the statement that there are 7500 male prisoners in our ga.ols to 1900 women, well, it is credit able to the gentler sex that they are in the minority. At the same time, that a governor and five or six worders should be kept to look after one prisoner, is paying the latter too much attention. I want to meet Mr Shoppee, the ,Mayor of Ballarat, Shoppee of the umbrella, waho, side by side with the General. stood dauntless on the mullock heap when the decisive charge was made at the battle of Eallanit. He is a man of humrror. Humor of the practical kind, without doing injury to anyone. He wouldn't hurt a flea, mulch less a noisy brother councillor. Therefore, he is only humorous when he says that ie - wiill load up the beggintg Gipsies that are colning toto-n in two furniture vans, and dump them down in front of the Prelnier's house, at St. Ifilda. He knos?s that Sir George, though he is the soul of economy with Government money, is of a free and lavish disposition private ly. and that his heart will turn with warm sympathy towards the wandering rBohemians, whether they come fromnt tile cedars of Lebanon or the groves of Thesenly. He would be genial even to a Turk. Besides, there is a pretty girl of seventeen amongst them, and there is a charm to mnany men in tile dark eyes of aol Eastern beauty. Mr Shoppee prob ably rememnbers the old Egs'ptian story of the heromnif who, when tempted by such a one, passed her on to a distant brother. 'What will Sir George do? Mr Styles, of W'illiamstown, may be an excellent engineer and a fair average specimen of the genus member of Par liament. But, as one of the Stu.nding RIailvay Committee, or whatever else it -Is called, he is simply wildly hilar ious, not to say poetic. According to his idea the figures and statistics fur nished by the olfleers of the Railway de partment only show that they are not "g'ammarians." He might as well say that they are not poets. Had he said that they were not versed in the old art of "gramarynate" I could understand him, for if ever anything was ever like "white magic" it is a railway time-table, let alone the more abstruse calculations which the department occasionally fur nishes for the bewllderment of the gene ral public. B3ut why "grammar"?" The great Coker himself didn't shine much in that direction, and I defy even the ghost of Nelspn to see much liternry and grammatical style in Napier's loga rithms. The most amusing part of it is that the style of Styles himself as evinced in his statements and interrogss. tories, comes rather as a surprise upon the students of ordinary grammar if there be such. He is like a man I-know who, so long as'his "predicates"--as he calls them--are, in his opinion, right, doesn't care whether the remainder of his sentences are " tapsalteerie" or otherwise. As for the railway people, an effort to combine good grammar with arithmetical correctness- might only make matters worse than they are. Dot is getting on a bit in yearsthough you mustn't-tell her I said so, and, al though we are not wealthy people, I have a few pounds in my chest. So one day I- suggested :to Dot that it might cheer up the house if we two old people were to have a young face about the house.- That.,was my diplomacy,- you see. -Dot didn't see:1t She said: "We .have been young together, John, and we can grow old together comfortably, surely?" So, of coirse, I hadto. comd to the 'point.. You can't deceive a. good woman. .And, after talking the matter over, Dot admitted that she sometimes found the house-work a bit heavy. So we got a young girl to come in and help. Now, as you know, butter and milk have been a bit expensive this year, and care ful Dot has been economising by using both condensed and concentrated milk. And. upon the supplier of these delicacies :rriving at the house one morning, both he and Dot were somewhat taken aback on hearing the domestic remark: "We don't want no consecrated milk to-d:ey. 3Iissus says she's got plenty." It was the lack of education which made poor Bridget put The Sign of the Cross upon this milk. JOHN PrE ERYBINGLE. 