TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street a Mr. Jar-<*> vis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot-water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a ter- rible way. The shock of the burning and the fall proved to b j very disastrous fox- Mr. Jarvis, aurt for a number of yen'rß after he was a confirmed invalid, suffering terribly from locomotor aUixia and other forms of paralysis. . A few months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neigh bourhood that Mr. Jarvis waa getting round again, and that he had had a most mar vellous recovery from this apparently incur able maladfi It was ou account of those rumours that a special reporter from the Sydney " Worker" was despatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made bis way to his house, 4f> Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thomas Jarvlß was discovered nurdug a 2-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the hap piest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few oiark* of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. ' In reply to the preliminary quest lorn) ho said: —"You" want to know all about ray case ? Well, lam «lad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of vahio to those who are stricken as I was." " How loug were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and 1 have done nothing since then. About nvc years ago next Chrisimas I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath In Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I ■have been in failing health, and nftir four years of gradual development of the malady. I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. Tho palna wrre something terrible. They were Just about as much as I could bear. Ttny were for al 1. the world like as- if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of mo. I had no control over my bowels it bladder, and waa a nuisance to myself and every one els?. I was Incessantly shivering and Bhaklng. and could neither eat nor slejp. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that mV ease *~as utterly hopeless. However,lie gave tne an order to the Director of Charitable 7nstUuUo&s;!." " Did you make uae of the order ?" " No ; 'I came home and weit to bed, a:)d have been pretty well in bed over since. Five .weeks ago I^could n>t walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that It wts all over with me, and only a question of dayi when 1 would give up the ghost. My doctor vvae attending me, and did all be cou?d, by opium and morphia pills, to cane the agony I was in. I waa under him tor five it fix weeks. He came to the rjnohwnn thai I was suffering from locomoior ntaxht, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told mo that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. ?Ju»t then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at air Idea conveyed by the advertisement describ ing the cure effected in, the case of another boilermaker in England, which* I read iv the ' Australian Workman,' by Dr. Wil liame' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read In the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as It was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I bad for many a day. It waa Incredible, I imme diately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I havo never used them. They were made for me be fore I got Dr. William*' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." "He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Dr.. WUliama Pink Ptlls for Pale People have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous. " I can now," continued Jarvifl, " have A cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my lege. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They 'have staved my life. I am in no pain now' .whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me ■to deaden the excruciating pain. But they van stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has J>een «roezed at the change In me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has cau*ed quite a«enaatlon out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country or the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills /or Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, rale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetitej ah or t ness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader, of the Labour party in the N.S.W. Legislative Ab sembly, W3« seen by our reporter in connec tion with the remarkable case of Thomai» Jarrls. Mr. M'Govren says he has known Jarvin from infancy. He alao knew thet ho had to give up his work at Qlebe Island Abattoirs twelve months ago owins to a «nalady which be developed. He afterwards beard tbat Jarvls was bedridden, and that there was little chance of bis recovery. He .understood J«xvi» was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as bis case bad been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Oowen was, therefore, like every one else who knew tbe facts, astounded at tbo complete re covery of Jarvls. • These wonderful PIU« are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams (Medicine Co., Darragh's Buildings, Queen street, Brisbane, who will forward, post paid, on x'ecelpt of stamps or post order, one box for 2». B«J., or half-a-dozen for IBs. 3d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten. 