aterarp CMt-Cbat* Books for the week: "White Poppies.,'? i May Kendall; "The Coachman's Club," Geo. RstSrms; "Some Later Verses," Bret Harte; "The Pottle Papers," Raven Hill and Saul Smiff; " The Price of ai Wife," Jno. Strange Winter ; " One Crowded Hour," A. B. Ryley; "A Pink'un and. A Pelican," A.M. Binstead and Ernest Wells; "Dearer than Honour," Livingstone Prescott; " The Making of a Saint," Somerset Maugham; " Vaussore," Francis Brune; ".The Coming of Chloe," Mrs. Hungerford ; "Arachne" (two vols , • tranis.), Geo. Ebers ; A Valuable Life," Adeline Sergeant; " Wylder's Haind" and "Checkmate," Sheridan Le Fann; " Miss Rayburn's Diamonds," Mrs. J'ocelyn; and Ouida's " Silver Christ " stories in Fisher Unwin's Colonial Library. "Those picket stars, whose tranquil watch half . toothed, half shamed our sleeps What recked we. .then what beasts or men around might lurk or creep ! We lay and heard with listless ears the far- off panther's cry, The near coyote's snarling snap, the grizzly's deepdrawn sigh, • - . • , The brown bear's blundering human tread, the grey : wolves', yelping choir '••:•• Beyond the magic cirple drawn around the old camp tire." In "Some Later Verses" (from Geo. Robertson and Co.) Bret Harte twangs the same old gutstring on the same old lyre, moving" round generally in sprightly fashion. Truthful James bobs up again as an exaggerator of queerish occurrences at Angel's in CQ: with Ah Sin, Brown of Calaveras, and the rest; the Lily of Poverty Flat indites another moving epistle to Joe ; Miss Edith palpitates for the last time "from her window" concerning her elders; and there is much bardic long metre that is soulful and swingful and bullocky. The ghost of Edgar A. Poe walks abroad in "A Question of Privilege," wherein Andrew Jackson Sutter fell foul of one Mr. Cutter for " Remarks he heard him utter in debate upon the floor." A real Western slug scrimmage followed, ancl the whole blanky assemblage in the nominative plural " Waltzed in together, never sarin' to ask whether it was Sutter or was Cutter we woz try in' to abate. But we couldn't help perceivin,' when we took to inkstand heavin', that the process was relievin' to the sharpness of debate." Lastly, and in conclusion, B.H. is always clean and wholesome ; his humor, like good whisky, is undiluted ; even minus the verve of his earlier verse the rugged personality of the penman is all there in this lot, unsmirched with the grimy grit and garishness of cities. Raven Hill—rising star of the newer brood of black - and-whites—and " Saul Smiff " are responsible for the black-and-green creation, " The Pottle Papers," from E. S. Wigg & Son. Influenced by Douglas Jerrold's Curtain Lectures and- Jerome's man and woman in " Novel Notes," they have published an article out of the ordinary, in handy form, suitable for a school prize, a wedding present, or domestic projectile. The writer hints that the vol. may be found useful as a work of reference for young husbands and wives, and dialogues may be appropriated to suit almost all situations. Pottle is undersized, and Mrs. P., who is bargey and bulky, bosses the matrimonial show. A martyr to pimples, her face demanded a fresh brand of soap every week, in company with a glassworks of little bottles on her toilet table " for the complexion," which her husband greatly enjoyed sweeping on the floor in moments of excitement. On one occasion the devoted twain were in church, when wife whispered a telegram was waiting at home for hubby, which she had quite forgotten until that moment. " Better go and get it," continued she, as the congregation reached its "lost sheep" in the opening chorus. "It might be somebody dead." Then she joined in " There is no health in us." Mr. Pottle felt nervous. . . . The wire was from a facetious sharebroker, and ran " Buy Hope Deferreds for an immediate rise.—Sharkley." There are forty-six snappy sketches in the book, and the humor is of the kind that bites. Verily, a famous collection of drollery. "Trincolox," by-Dou'glas Sladfin (from Geo. Robertson & Co.), contain^ the'title" stbl^jr, together with "The Musum£," ^A ;Deceased; Wife's Sister," and " A Day Off a Yacht at Macao." Sladen has globetrotted considerably, and. is an average .writer, with a big field to . draw on for material." " The Musume" and "Deceased Wife's Sister" belong to Japan, and represent the best of. the present quartette.. " The Musume" is. a Japanese piece of feminine furniture' with a passion for an alien stranger. " Murillo never painted anything more beautiful than this dusky, little creature with the pure oval, face and true rosebud mouth." "She prattles love sayings to Eustace Hungerford, he prattled ditto, and for climax he stopped her talk with a kiss. "Her lips responded faintly, quaintly." Here it is fitting we should leave them, in the moonlight, by the priest's house and the San-nomiya, " with thie night orb showing up the red lac-, quer of the temples and penetrating the lattice of Sho-do Sho-nin's kaisando." Doctor-of-Laws Alexander Leeper has been Warden of Melb. Trinity College, the Anglican college of the three affiliated with Melb. 'Varsity, since its establishment. He is one of the " rare birds" of the world's men, inasmuch as he is not only an educated Irishman, but a classical, scholar. Dr. Leeper is one of your thin men with a largish head containing a lot, and sharp, clearly- cut features. Whenever Trinity scores, be it in the 'Varsity exams, or on' the sward or stream of sport, " Bones," as he is known to Trinity boys and men, waxes enthusiastically eloquent—he lives for Trinity. Like alljinstitutions of any importance, the college has had its little trouble. Some years ago there was a general exodus of students in one day, but like most other things in life, it didn't matter. Trinity went on and prospered under Dr. Leeper. The doctor is justly proud of the college library (a splendid collection of books) at the large table in which he takes his classical classes. Trinity's Dialectic Society has been the nursery of many men now prominently before the public—men who first learnt the art, ethics, and etiquette of debate on all sorts of subjects in the " common room " of T. C. M. Some of those men are, Bishop "Jack" Stretch, Bishop Arthur Green (Grafton and Armidale, N. S. W.), Rev. Ernest Hughes (St. Peter's, Melb.), and from among a host of others, Barristers Theyre Weigall, G. A. Maxwell, W. Sewers, A. H. Hayball. Trinity, too, has given Vic. Parliament the dapper Carty Salmon, member for Talbot and Avoca — or Tallhat and Afrocker, as some call it—and president of the A.N. A. The Dialectic Society first brought out Carty Salmon's debating qualities. In very recent times Dr. Leeper, never ostentatiously self-advertising, has been perforce prominent through the performance in Melb. Town Hall of the Alkestis of Euripides by Trinity students, and quite lately, the annual Dialectic meeting in Melb. Athenaeum, when the subject was " The Influence of Climate upon Character." A par. on Dr. Aleck Leeper can best conclude with the remark that the climate of Parkville agrees admirably with the Latest number of Strand magazine contains .an illustrated interview with Marie Corelli. A photo of the divine personage appears, but itis blobby,' and badly foeussed; consequently the ~ visajge • of' the 1 {goddess remains obscure. .The old tommyrot pf her quarrel with the Press is dished up, and adulation reeks in every column. The novelist is clever, and, her looks are clever—Some are also outr& and hysterical—and she-pockets fat cheques from her publishers. She writes books for profit and sordid gain. More power to her ! She mistakes- talent for genius, and woman like she squeals because the Press—the beastly backbiting Press—refuse to pay homage to her as a young female deity with , a, spring, fashion halo on her upper tresses who cavorts round aradius of the United Kingdom with.a pastoral crook.,. : Strong-man-Sandow. has broken out with a sixpenny magazine, Physical Culture, well got up, and should be of special interest to athletic Australia. Messrs. R. Thompson & Co. are the Aus. agent's. ' First edition lias absorbied 70,000 copies. 7 Stated that a, collection of Rolf Boldrewood's short stories is being made to be published by MacMillans. Louis Beeke and Walter Jeffery are at work on " The Naval Pioneers of Australia," beginning with Captain Phillip. Hutchinson. & |Co., publishers, announce a booklet titled, "The Modern Marriage Market," by four women writers including Corelli and Flora Annie Steele. .. . In reviewing Victor Daley's poems Melb. Argus displayed a" critical incompetence that would be a disgrace; to the columns &f; a back-block organ. The finest lyrics in Australian literature were dismissed with a few" lines of' damning praise that read like a tired reporter's statement of the fact that " the local mayor's reception was a huge success."- It;will be of interest to note how the Argusestimate 6f-Daley's importance as a poet is influenced by the English reviews when they arrive. LITERARIA. A VIC. TRINITY WARDEN. Alex. Leeper, M.A., LL.D. 