A STOLEN LIFE. By MATTHIAS M'DQNNELL BODKIN, Q.O., author of 'Lor4 Edjfrard Fitzgerald/1^ 'White Magic,' *Th6 Adventures i-f Mxi' Juggins,' etc. ? | CHAPTER IV.— THEBIBTH OF OLD AGE. i Aye, tout to die. to go We know' not -where. To He *n cold ablivfon and $p rot, Thig sensible warm motiqp to became A kneaded olod. » As the evening wore on-Eva'e anxious eyeg ivere quick to note that Ardel was in a strange I mood. She had never seen him quite like this I before. She knew him the happiest of men, whose life was all benevolence and enjoy I meut; one wbomwant knew not; one to whom all pleasant things were pleasant and beauti ful things beautifuL Once or twice before she had seen the radiance of his life dimmed, as it were by some black foreboding, ?? but it I passed in a moment, leaving all things bright as oerore its coming, isut now tne gloom I geemed to deepen as the hours went by, and vlien he roused himself his gaiety was Strained. His seat faced the window, for Eva knew his fancies, of which a love of Nature's lovely ness was the chief. The twilight was settling down softly on the quiet scene. For a mo ment the rim of the red sun touched the hori zon, turning the river to old gold, and setting tlie woods in a blaze. Then slowly the day I died away into dusk. I -Another glorious day spent and gone,' Ar I fid muttered impatiently; 'So much 4ess -life I left.' I He brightened presently, when the two I youngest children, rosy and curly, in white dresses and big blue sashes, fluttered into the room. Pickle Jeanette deserted her new friend Lucy to perch upon his knee, and prat tled to him like an equal, while he foraged for her amongst the cake and fruit on the dining-table. 'I love 'oo,' she said sweetly, regarding a huge ripe strawberry with her head on one side: and for a moment it was doubtful if it was the berry or the man so favored. 'I love 'oo 'cause 'oo gimme dawderries. Fen I go up a big lady I will mawy 'oo if 'oo'l wait for | me.' 'I wish I could, my pet,' said Ardel. 'I only wish I could wait; but I can't, you I tuow.' I ,When the children vanished, a bottle of £e wine was carried in carefully by the t, in its wicker-work cradle, and very care iy he filled the glasses with the liquid ^shine. 'Tour health, Anjel,' he cried cheerily, 'and xiiany. many happy returns of the day.' Eva's soft voice repeated the prayer, and Lucy breathed it silently in her grateful heart, But even as he spoke Trevor remembered I suddenly what Ardel had said at the Cecil about birthdays. He saw him wince and his I lips tighten and his cheeks pale as with a sudden pang. It passed in a moment, and Vivian gaily clinked glasses all round and thanked them with i a word and smile. But he put down his own wine almost untasted, and his friend's keen eye saw that he was moved be yond his wont. 'Are you in pain, Ardel?' he said, and the two women looked the same question, anxiously. 'My dear fellow! I may fairly say that I never knew what pain is — not, at least; that I can remember. A mere selfish trouble gripped me for a moment, a trouble that can not be helped or mended, that every living creature has to bear as well as I, if that were any comfort, which it is not I'll smoke this cigar in the garden, if you will let me'— he looked at Eva, who smiled and nodded — 'and come back in what ypu would can a more flhristiafllilrsi framp nf mind ' . As Ardel left the room John Trevor turned kindly to the young girl at his side, whose eyes were full of sympathy. 'Don't look so sad, Miss-^' 'Gall her Lucy, John. You may as well begin it at once. She is one of ourselves now, you know.' 'Well, Lucy, if I may,' said John Trevor Bhyly (men are shyer than women), 'you must not be so pained about Dr. Ardel. He is the happiest man upon earth, and shares his hap piness freely all round. The world has been .very good to him, and he is worthy of the best the world has to give. For ten years I have known him; I have never seen him like this but once before, That once was at the grave side of a dear friend of both, who died while Ardel was abroad, and whose life he could have saved if he had but known in time.' There was a catch in Trevor's voice as he recalled the scene, and in this little touch of sympathy quite won Lucy's heart to him. Her shyness left her, and presently they were talking freely together like old friends. Then Eva slipped unnoticed from the table, threw a light, fluffy shawl of white wool over her head, and passed through the conservatory out into the old-fashioned garden, where the flowers slept softly in the pure moonlight, making the still air sweet with their breath. Vivian Ardel, pacing the garden restlessly, was aware of a white figure in his path, and two soft brown eyes looking with tenderest sympathy into his own. He took the hand she held to him and patted It softly as an elder brother might. 'Well, Eva,' he said, smiling; 'restless, like myself? if I believed in ghosts or angels I might have tsken you for one just now.' / 'Why are you restless? Why are you sad to-night, Vivian? Tell me what your, trouble is, that I may try to comfort you.' 'The coward's trouble, Eva— fear.' 'Fear! You afraid, Vivian! Don't put me off with a jest.' 'Call it what you will, its true name is fear ?—abject fear, shrinking, horror, loathing, of the inevitable death.'. There was such misery in his deep voice that the soft brown eyes brimmed with pity ing tears. 'Oh! If I could only help or com fort you.' ;?; ? ' 'You cannot, Eva. No power in the world or out of it can help or hinder; there is no keeper back of death.' 'Except God, Vivian.' 'Gfod?'r he began impatiently, but checked himself. 'I wish I could believe like you, Eva; rightly or wrongly, it would hardly mat ter. I should at least escape despair. If I could hope as you do I should be happy.' 'Faith comes first, Vivian; hope and love follow.' 'But one cannot have faith by the longing for it I can force myself to speak, to act, to work, but to believe I cannot. My thoughts won't change by 'wishing. I think what I must Reward or punishment cannot tempt or force faith or unfaith. I. have searched the world of science, Eva; I have strained my eyes out into the vt-id after death, and I find the hope of a future life nowhere.' 'Do not deny God even in your tboqgfrts, Vivian!' she cried, vwith a thrill of religious terror. 'I deny nothing,' he answered, saflly; *'I only doubt It is the vice of my nature or the virtue. I «an take nothing on trust I accept no (other guide than my reason, and when that 'fails I floubt. Who am ^'envelop ed in mystery, that I should dare to make de nial or assertion of the unknown, 5br accept the denial ofr 'assertion of others 'who can know no more, than myself? I am no mock ing sceptic, Eva; no exultant apostle of infi delity. My doubt springs from an humble consciousness of Ignorance.' ._- 'He has revealed himself to tis, ArdeL Can you not tafce His word undoub'tlagiy?' ^Revelation] When all is said and done It rtands on Iranian evidence and assertion men's statement and men's ttrgijmen.t, I must ,iud?e the authority, weigh the-aignment, 1 must think for myself as well as they. I have tested their evidence, and it fails to convince me." "I know and feel it is true." "I would not shake your confidence for the world, Eva. Right or wrong, it makes you happy, and that is every thing. I envy your faith, but I cannot share it. In all this world death is the one thing I find certain." 'And after death a better and a brighter life, forever,' ;«?? He shook his head. -fI ci|n Jjope for uo other life thaiKhis,' he said; 'I asfc no better. What religions folk hope for in heaven— golden harps, and crowns, and thrones, and spotless robes, and jasper pavement, and eternal mu sic, and ineffable glory, do not appeal to me in the least The world we know is infinitely more delightful jn its harmony, its beauty, its infinite variety, in the.myriad enjoyments it offers to sense, and intellect, and imagination. Give me immortality, and, I should take it here. It is because the world is so delightful that death^-the end of all things— is go in tolerable,' 'Surely, Vivian, your pwn soul assures you that you can never die?' 'The greatest man that ever lived and died —save one— has said the wish is father to the thought' It is our own vain shrinking from annihilation that breeds this flattering hope of immortality. When we die, we die; and there is an end. Our birth is an accident. We issue from a void, and return to it What are we' — he spoke to himself rather than to her— 'that we should hope to have our lives prolonged through all the ages, when all things else yield place and disappear? Our lives are, after all, only in degree more won derful than the lives of the animals around us. No one claims Eternity for them. Be tween the lowest and highest of men— be- tween Shakspere, or Newtown, or Gladstone, and the Hottentot — there is a wider gap than between the Hottentot and my Newfoundland dog. Why should the life of the Hottentot— a mere bundle of blind, dull, brutal instincts be prolonged to all Eternity, and the life of the dog — patient, gentle, and affectionate — vanish utterly? No, our lives are lit and quenched like sparks, and God-^if there be a God, takes as slight heed of them.' Eva listened, her whole soul in revolt against his dismal doctrine, but could find no word to answer. They came in their walk to where the gar dener had left his spade stuck to the shoulder in the brown clay of an empty flowerbed. Ardel laid hold of the handle and turned the clod. 'This is what you and I shall be, EyaJ' he said. 'Yes, you and I, who stand here to night speaking, thinking, full of the joy of life, conscious of the beau&r; and. wonder of the universe— just a spadeful of dull, uncon scious earth like this,' But Eva's faith was in nowise troubled, hold ing her soul secure; and he knew it and, in spite of reason, drew a vague comfort from her resolute belief. He plucked a damask rose that pushed out over the pathway, jet black in the white moon light and breathing a faint delight into the calm air. Without a word Eva took it from his hand and fastened it in the bosom of her white dress. 'A murder!' said Ardel, between jest and earnest 'That rose, too, a second since had a life hardly less strange than ours— a life that drew its beauty, color, form, its green leaves, and blushing petals, and subtle perfume, from the dull, brown clay. Its life has vanished in a few hours more from color, petals, aad perfume, and will be lost forever. There is no immortality for the rose.' 'You would not compare our souls with the life of a flower, Vivian?' - 'Why not? We are all infinitely little. We foolishly flatter ourselves with the sense of our own indispensable importance. To every man, woman, and child the tiny atom of self is the great centre of this vast illimitable universe, whose wonders, we cannot strain our minds to grasp the thought of. Look at that great globe of white, ligljt, Eva; look at the stars that spangle the black sky so thick ly. We know they are worlds, m.any of them a million times larger than our own; that be yond them in, the vast void are worlds, and still more worlds away int-fc infinite, never ending space. All this we know, yet cannot realise it. I have looked through the most powerful telescope in the world, and have seen myriads of new worlds start into view—' mere pinhoies of light in the immeasurable void. My thoughts have gone out. into space seeking a limit and finding none, and returned abashed almost to annihilation. 1 have found my own littleness in this vast scheme of creation as hard to realise as ever. It is grotesque presumption to imagine that, While all other things, great and small, die and disappear, we tiny atoms should live for ever.' 'I am not frightened by that thought Vivi an. One human soul is to me infinitely high er, more wonderful, more deserving the Crea tor's care, than a whole inanimate universe, than those great globes of mere lifeless mat ter.' 'Who can tell, Eva, that they are lifeless? Why should our little earth, which is no more than a speck of dust in the universe, be spe cially distinguished? How dare we dogma tise of worlds which we see as sparks in the darkness— to which even our thoughts cannot reach? Our tiny lives have then- beginning and their end. There was no life before birth, and there is none after death. The sole wisdom is in enjoyment to ignore death, since we cannot hope to evade it.' 'I have never seen you like this before, Vivian.' 'I have seldom been like this before; until lately never. In youth death is a mere word to us— a word in which we can find no mean ing. But the thought of it has come closer to me of late. The sight of that poor girl whose life was lost and won has made death fami liar. I envied your children, Eva, to-night; envied them the long stretch of happy life they have before them in this wonderful world. I felt a wild longing for my lost youth as I. looked at them and listened to them. Let me confess all my folly. This, birthday has been a trouble and a fear to me for a long time back. Someone has said that at thirty years is the birthday of old age. I feel it is so. The best half of my life has gone. I have crossed the summit of the hill and am going down. Suddenly, just now, for one awful moment I realised what death meant The thought that' the day was com ing, and. must come, when I, that think, and speak, and feel, and live, shall be no more, gripped my shuddering heart-strings with in tolerable fear. Only for a moment, or I should have gone mad. Even now I hut faintly realise the meaning of my own words. The cold thrill of fear lias passed away. I feel I shaV Uve for ever, and shall not test the folly of the thought The warm,., unreasoning glow' of life and happiness is full upon me again, and death Is ho more than a, meaning less name. There is no death.' 'There is no death,' echoed Eva, with as sured faith to her own heart They walked together towards the house, ? and passed close to the open -window of the sitting-room. The window Itself lay in black Bhadow^across which the warm glow of the lamplight streamed 'out till It nieTted in the cold white moonshine beyond. Within the room Trevor and Lncy were talking like old friends. Looking through the'darkness into the light, they cogia see the smile upon her lips; they ooritd hear the cheerf «1 tones, of her gentle voice.' v ' 'She too, has fetgotten death,' ^aid Vivian Ardelt 'though s&£ 3nst escaped by a miracle from its grasp, aa4 her mother lies in a new made grave. BJ$w -strange is tnis oblivion, and how merciful Without it, what misery would life be!' v . fgAJg*S»rtinqe&- A B&N;^EROUS TIME). WHSNj|«£SQNS CHANtJS, * COLEMANfi'jpEUCALYFTB iBiTKAdr - PURIFIES ttatCLBABa the SL0OD.— «. 