THT MYSTERIES OP MODERN MAGIC.' ' Far baokin the shadowy paBt, before th9 building of the pyramids, manic was a re puted art in Egypt, for Egypt was the cradle of magio.' The magicians of Egypt, according to the Bible chronicle, contended against Aaron, at the court of Pharoah. The Hebrew prophet 'cast down his rod before Pharoah and before his servants, and it became a serpent. Then Pharoah also called the wise men and the sorcerers : now the magicians of Egypt, they a bo did in like manner with their enohantmentB. For they east down every man his rod and they be came serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods.' The late Robert Heller, prestidigateur, traveller in the Orient, and scientist, once told the writer, that he bad seen this feat performed in Cairo many times by the Der vishes. The rods actually were eerpents and were hypnotised to such an extent as to become perfeotly stiff and rigid. When thrown upon the earth and recalled to life by sundry mystic passes and strokes, they crawled away alive and hideous as ever. Said Hellar : — ' It wasjm the open air that I saw this strange feat performed. Trans ferred to the gloomy audience-chamber of some old palace, where the high roof is sup ported by ponderous stone columns painted with hieroglyphics, where rows of black marble sphinxes stare at you with un fathomable eyes, where the 'miss en scene' is awe-inspiring— this trick of the rods turning into serpents becomes doubly impressive, and indeed,- to the uninitiated, a true miracle.' : In the British Museum is an Egyptian papyrus, whioh contains an account of a magical seance given by a certain Tohatoha- em- ankh before King Khufu, b.o. 3756. In this manuscript it is stated of the magioian : — 'He hnoweth how to bind on a head whioh. hath been cut off, he hnoweth how to make a lion follow him as if led by a rope, and he knoweth the number of the stars of the house (constellation) of Troth,' The decapitation trick is thus no new thing, while the experiment performed with the lion ii_ presumably a hypnotic feat — perhaps, shows hypnotism to be old. i The art of natural magio, then, dates back to the remotest periods of antiquity. It was; jan art cultivated by the Egyptian", Chaldean, Jewish , - Roman , and .Hreciau priesthoods, being used by them to influence the ignorant masses. Weeping and bleeding statues, temple doors that flew open with thunderous sound and apparently by supernatural means, and perpetual lamps that flamed forever in the tombs of holy men, were some of the .-thaumat.urgio feats of the Pagan priests. Heron, a Greek mechanician and mathema tician, who lived in the second century before our era, wrote several interesting treatises on automata and magical appliances used ih the ancient temples. St. Hippoly- tus, one of the Fathers of the early Christian Church, also described and Exposed in his works many of these, wonders. Magic' is divided, according to old writers on the occclt, into 'White magio, Blaok'magio,' and 'Necromancy.' Modern magic, or conjuring, may be divided into five classes, as follows :— 1.: Feats of Dexterity. The hands and tongue being the only means used for the production of these illusions. 2\. Experiments in Natural Magio. Ex pedients derived from the soienoes, and which are worked in combination with feats of dexterity, the combined result constituting 'conjuring trioks.' 3\. Mental Conjuring. A control acquired over the will of the spectator.; seoret thought read by an ingenious system of diagnosis, and sometimes compelled to take a particular direction by certain artifioes. 4\. Pretended Mesmerism. Imitations of mesmeric phenomena, second sight; clair voyance, divination, tranoe, catalepsy. : 5\. Mediumship. Spiritism or pretended evocation of spirits, table-turning, rapping and writing mysterious cabinets, etc. In the Hiddle a gen magic was greatly in vogue, and we read 6trange stories of ghosts, goblins, and gnomes in the literature of that period. Shrivelled >old: woihen; were'.burned at the stake for the crime of witchcraft, monks in their glooimy 'cells wrestled with Satan and the powers of darkness, and grimy alchemists toiled day and night over the red fires of their furnaces, seeking in vain for the talimanic philosopher's stone and wondrous elixir of life. With the aid . of, the concave mirror, magioians of the period were able to produce very fair ghost illusions to gull a susceptible public. Benvenuto Cellini chronicles one in his fascinating, autobio graphy. Cellini, ae guileless as a child ih matters of science, desiring to study sorcery, applied to a Sioilian priest ' who ' was a professed dabbler in the ccoult art.; One dark night they repaired to the ruins, of the Coliseum, at Rome ; the monk described a circle on the ground and placed himself and the great goldsmith within its mystic outlines; a fire was built, intoxioating perfumes east on it, and soon an impenetrable smoke arose. The man of the cowl then waved his wand in the air, pronounced sundry cabalistic words,, aud legions of demons were seen dancing ih the air, to the great terror of Cellini. The story of this spirit seance reads like an Arabian tale, but it is easily explainable. The priest had a brother confederate concealed among the ruins, who manipulated a concave mir ror, by means of which painted images were thrown upon the smoke. Later on, Nostra damus conjured up the vision of the future King of Franoe for the benefit of the lovely Marie do Mediois. This illusion was accom plished by the aid of mirrors adroitly secreted amid hanging draperies. 