Why are Conversions Few? ? ? ? t By a Local Preacher. A Paper Read at the Portsmouth , Methodist Council. I am in doubt whether this subject should . be dealt with by a layman. The inquiry, / necessarily focusses its rays chiefly on the pulpit, and to criticise that seems to savour of fault-finding. Please accept my assur- ance that this is not my purpose. I dis- ; claim any . intention of throwing stones, seeing that, as a lay preacher, I also live in a glass house. I seek only to find the cause, and suggest a remedy for a state of things which, if it exists, must be a pain and perhaps a reproach to us all. But does it exist ? Are there few con versions amongst ua ? Let me cite evidence. Mr. Moody has said that last year there were three thousand churches in America, none of which recorded a single case of , conversion. A minister in a convention at Plymouth a. short time ago said: ..'Our churches are being filled with unconverted members,'.. Re ^.Andrew . Muiray has,., written a pamphlet on ' The Dearth of .Conversions,' and he says : ' It ought to be the one great sorrow of the people of God everywhere.' My own little . experience, , if it has any weight, seems to prove that this dearth really exists. Not long since I was attached to a large metropolitan church, where probably three thousand people, old and young, were found overy Sabbath. That church was talked up, and written up, as a magnificent success. Its activities made it a veritable bee-hive; its finances were buoyant, and its membership increasing. I attended its servioes eight months before I heard a sinner invited to Christ, and then only feebly. When for some months I had listened for salvation truths without hearing them, I asked the circuit steward if they ever had conversions there. He replied : ' I don't remember to have heard of any tor years. Nine years ago we had a mission, but only two or three of the converts now remain.' In all the three years of my sojourn there not a single case of conversion, so far as I could ascertain rewarded the labours of the able ..circuit, ministers. Let me summon a witness from , Cornwall, once the home of gracious revivals A godly and zealous young minister, fresh from college, was appointed to a large circuit, At his first service the chapel was - crowded. At its close he said to the stewards, 'I am disappointed.' 'Are . you?' said they, 'Why?' 'I expected conversions to-night,' 'Oh, did you?'* said they, 'we did not.' This reply so chilled the zeal and. expectation of that' minister, that after nine years' labour in three circuits there, he told his Superin tendent that the visible results of his last three years' labour were nil, and that bo had got then not to expect anything. But do we need testimony from America,, London, or Cornwall? Are we not all ., pained . and humbled by failure nearer , u home ? Do we not cry again and again, ' Who hath believed our report,' and are not our eyes dim with watching for signs of a Pentecost? We have not to mourn that there are no conversions. Thank God, it has not come to that ! God is still with us ; but something has stayed His strong arm, and conversions are sadly few. BUT OUGHT THEY TO BE FEW? I Let the early Church reply. In ActB ii. 41 we read : 'The same day there were added 1 unto them about three thousand souIs.' Again, verse 47 : The Lord added to the Church daily.' Acts iv. 4: ' Many of them that heard the Word believed, and the number of the men was about five thousand.' Acts v. 14 : ' And believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women, They had given up counting now. Acts vi. 7 : ' The num ber of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly.' They had got beyond addition and into multiplication, but we hear nothing as yet of ' ceasing to meet,' or of any kind of subtraction. Acts xiv. 1: 'They bo spake that a great multitude believed. In these few glimpseB we have the picture of the ideal Church, filled with the Holy Ghost, daily increasing and then multiply, ing. Conversions were the rule, and there were a constant flow of them. What a contrast is chis to the picture of the Church of to day. The sad difference manifested drives us to the conclusion that there is some serious maladjustment somewhere. What is the cause ? What is the poison -which being injected into the heart and arteries of the Church has paralysed sal vation, energy and power ? I respectfully submit SOME POSSIBLE SOLUTIONS of the mystery 1\. Does the church to-day aim at and expect conversions ? Is the power to prick the heart and conscience a lost art, or, at least, an art in abeyance ? Dr. E. W. Dale once asked one of our ministers the question, 'Do you, my brother, find conviction of sin of frequent occurrence to-day ? ' I do not,' he replied. ' Nor do I,' said Dr. Dale. If this experience is general — and I tear it is — may it not point 'to its own remedy ? The promise is ' He when he is come will convict the world in respect of flin.' If, therefore, there be no conviction of sin, is it not because the Holy Spirit is not present with ub ? 2\. Are the subjects chosen for present-day preaching calculated to lead to conviction and conversion ? I tread this ground with great diffidence, for I desire not to seem censorious. I am not forgetting the need of edifying the church, but surely to convert is of more importance than to edify. Did not Wesley say to his helpers, 'Your business is to save souls.' Let me cull from my own experience again what will perhaps illustrate and answer this question. In that great church in London to which I referred just now such subjects as the fol lowing were almost exclusively presented : (1) Infant baptism ; (2) marriage ; (3) war, this as the climax to a week of prayer ; (4) the eternal hope, this I heard passionately pleaded for on five different occasions, though not as the subject of the sermon ? {5) evolution of character; (6) sympathy with suffering ; (7) John iii. 16, but entirely omitting the latter half, and never hinting at the way of salvation by faith, etc. This was the kind of food prepared and offered to immortal souls hungering for salvation. . What wonder there were no conversions ! A steward of this church whom I recently met in London, and to whom I was speak ing of the dearth of conversions there, said, ' Yes, it is so, and the worst of it is, the people are quite content ; they love to have at so.' 3\. Are we afraid to-day to preaoh the sterner truths of the Gospel ; and for fear of offending do we shun to declare the whole counsel of God? Alas! yes, at least this is in part true. One great want of the times is the spirit of John the Baptist— a spirit that will fearlessly, faithfully, yet tenderly denounce sin, till for very shame it hides its head ; and so speak of the wrath to come that wicked men shall feel as if hell is moved from beneath to meet them at their coming. 4\. I have been endeavouring to show that in some degree ' the Whole head is sick,' but what of the heart ? Is that faint ? Have we now the burning desire to save souls that Whitfield, Wesley, Bramwell, and John Smith had ? Do we as they did, come down from intercourse with God and supplication for men red eyed and broken-hearted ? Do we realise that the people we are preaching to may be in eternity, perhaps in hell, before another Sabbath dawns? and 'do we tremble at the responsibility we bear with respect to them ? 5\. Has scientific criticism so dwarfed and enervated the faith of the Church that we speak of eternal punishment with bated breath and abounding euphemisms ? Are we tempted, by pride of scholarship and to show intellectual superiority, to speak with undue sympathy of the Higher Criticism, accepting its theories as demonstrated factB, and bo undermining the faith of the feeble, and indeed damaging our own ? CONFESSIONS OF FAILURE. 9\. Have we not lent too ready an ear to the cry, 'We must attract our young people ' by ornate and musical services, amusements and entertainments ? Is not this ory, and the yielding to it, a confession of failure in the pulpit. To attempt to shift the centre of attraction from the pulpit to the choir is treason to all the traditions of Methodism. It justifies the assertion made by an infidel in London not long since, ' Their Christ is played out !' 7\. What has become of our Church prayer meetings ? In many places they have died out, and in others they are poor attenuated skeletons. Can we do without God ? Our dead or dying prayer- meetings seem to say 'Yes.' Have our Wesley Guilds anything to do with this? They were meant to be useful and helpful, perhaps they are ; but if they Bupplant or enervate our prayer-meetings they are an unredeemed evil. 8\. Has God a controversy with us as a Church ? Have we grieved the Holy Spirit by Sunday concerts, entertainments, musical performances, our feeble presenta tion of truth, our comparative indifference to the perishing masses and aggressive work among them ? What is the evil ? Where is the wrong ? Will not some Daniel, wise to interpret the signs of God, tell us where it lies hidden ? When a few years since the whole Methodist Churoh bowed before God for an outpouring of the Holy Spirit, there was no response ! Why was there 'no voice nor any that heard ?' I marvel that the awful failure of that time did not keep us on our knees till the evil that shut the windows of heaven was dis covered. The interpretation of that dread miscarriage has yet to be proclaimed. Something must be sadly wrong. Is it that the world has crept into the Church ? Yes, verily, and it has not elevated it. Scepti cism, too, has invaded our papers, maga zines, reading circles, and elsewhere ; and it has paralysed faith and fervour. The outside world, generalising from observed acts, declares that we do not believe what we teach — that it is all a sham. A sceptical lady in Partsmouth not long since said, ' If I believed what you Christians say you do, I would never go out to tea. I would spend' all my time warning my friends of their danger.' Does not the resort to attractions, manifest a lack of faith in the power of the old Gospel ? Is not all such effort misdirected, and does it not justify the infidel's sneer ? It will surely end in disaster and humiliation. Are we to please, amuse and entertain the people; or— be- seech them in Christ's stead to be recon ciled to God ? Must we quench the heart's thirst with waters of Marah, or with that water which shall spring up to eternal life? Amusements can never satisfy the infinite longings of an immortal soul. The criminals, lepers and lunatics of Robben Island, South Africa, are wiser than we. Their abode is on an island off the Cape of Good Hope. It is a sort of State prison inhabitated by the three classes mentioned — except their keeper. The authorities some time since thought to bring sunshine into their lives, and to this end got up entertainments, lantern lectures, and amusements for them. The people got the idea that these amusements were intended to make them contented with their lot; and, exoept a very few (perhaps the lunatics) they all refused to come ! They yearned for liberty, love and home, and they refused to be amused. So to-day and here, men in the depths of their hearts are siokened and turn away from the well-meant but vain attempts to amuse them. Entertainments, music and pictures can never fill the aching void of men's hearts. They want liberty, love, life and nothing short of this can satisfy their infinite craving. Just one other instance, showing that attempts to cater for immortal beings by offering less than the bread and water of life all fail. A well-known and loved minister in South London, one Sabbath afternoon, went to a socialistic meeting for men, just to see and hear what was done there. About two hundred men were present, and some one was discussing a social matter from the platform. A man in the audience spied the white necktie, and shouted, ' There's a parson here. Get down, speaker, we hear socialism seven days a week until we are sick of it. Get down— for God's sake let us have a bit of Gospel for once..' And they silenced the socialist to hear the Gospeller. Come now, not a mile from this hall to another, where ten times the number of people are congregated on the same Sab bath afternoon. Why are they there : to be amused — entertained ? Oh no, but to hear words whereby they may be saved. Oh, how foolish we are. The great throb bing heart of the people wants salvation, and will come to hear of it when presented to them plainly and earnestly. They do not want — exoept the few of unsound mind — to be amused or entertained. Let us bark back to the old Gospel — to salvation truths— to an ever uplifted Jesus— to the old time prayer meetings and to a simple faith in the grand old Book. Let us bumble ourselves before God — renew our consecration, and separate ourselves from the world. Let us go to God for recom mission, and come from God — having received on our knees His message, and I venture to hope and believe manifold conversions will result. We shall return to God bringing sheaves ; while joy, in the presence of the angels of God, shall be eohoed by gladness on earth in the hearts of pastors and people everywhere. — Methodist Times. 