frHE FARMERS' DEPUTATION. The deputation from the Farmers' and Selectors' Association consisted of Messrs. J. Davis (President), T. Whiteley (Secre tary), D. Whiteley, E. R. Carpenter, and others, and among those present were Messrs. 6\. Murray* W. Kidston, and G. S. Curtis, MM.L.A. Mr, Murray, in introducing the deputa tion, said it had come there for the purpose of urging on the Minister the desirableness of utilising the block of land, consisting of 282 acres, on the Central Railway, in the vicinity of Stanwell, which, it had been noticed by that morning's paper, had been set apart for the purposes of an experimental farm.. Mr. T. Whitblev said he had first, oto behalf of the association, to congratulate Mr. Chataway on having attained to the position of Minister for Agriculture, and welcome him to the district (The Minister : ' Thank Vou.') There were several other matters besides the experimental farm that the depu tation wished to bring to the Minister's notice, but he should deal with the farm first. Some twelve months ago the association inter viewed Mr. Chataway's predecessor (the Hon. A. J. Thyune) with regard to the farm, and he promised that one should be established somewhere in the coastal districts. There had been a considerable amount of correspon dence ; but no satisfaction had been obtained. However, it appeared from a paragraph in the morning's paper that an area had been set apart, and it was desired it should be put to use as soon as possible. It was deeirable that the people in the coastal district, where most of the farming in the division was done, should have the advan tages of the teaching of the officers of the Agricultural Department. The block that been reserved was considered very suitable for the purpose for which it was intended. Several kinds of agriculture could be carried out on it. For instance, general agri culture and fruit-growing could be pur Bued there, and possibly a system of irrigation — which was a question on which the farmers wanted information — could be tried. The next subject on which it was desired to address Mr. Chataway was the matter of the bullB that the department had provided for competition. Probably Mr. Chataway was aware that at the late farmers' conference he (Mr. Whiteley) had asked that the North and the Centre should be treated in the same way as the South, and the reply was given that it would not be safe owing to the prevalence of ticks. Since then a request bad been made to the department that one bull should be inoculated and sent to the tick-infested country so as to test whether, in the case of bulls, inoculation made the animate proof against tick fever. So far, however, no satisfaction had been received. Mr. Chataway was no doubt aware that the fever carried off bulls first. The result of that had been that the district was becoming very short ot bulls ; and it was a risk for seiectora to import bulls from the south seeing that they were not assured, even after inoculation, that it would be safe. What the deputation asked was that a bull should be inoculated in the South and sent to the tick-infested localities here ; and, if it with stood the fever, to inoculate others and Bend them here for competition the same as had been done in some of the Southern dis tricts. The other question he should like to bring to Mr. Chataway's notice was the Diseases in Plants'Act. Rockhampton was the main port of entry for a large area of inland country, and it was thought ik should also be a port of entry within the meaning of the Act. At present plants from outside the colony could only be admitted at Brisbane and Cairns. The result was that plants coming to the Central Division— and there were a great many — had to be inspected in Brisbane, shipped again, and forwarded on to Rockhampton, and very often, by the time they reached the western country, they were in a very bad state. What the deputation wanted was that they should be examined bere, and allowed to go straight out into the interior. Of course if Roekhampton were made a port of entry it would be necessary to appoint an inspector ; but even if it were not made a port of entry, there should be such an officer. There were already a lot of diseases in the division that should be kept in check. There were a great number of old gardens and orchards — gardens and orchards that were never attended to, and in these places were a ot of half-dead trees that were almost smothered with disease. In fact, they were simply breeding establishments for pests, aud people who lived alongside them, and who tried to keep their orchards clean, had not a ghost of a enow of doing so. Mr. Goodman pointed out that within a radius of five miles of the land at Stanwell, which had been set aside as a reserve for an experimental farm, there were from 130 to 140 settlers, each with about 160 acres of bind, and each trying to make a living from the Boil. A farm there, managed by officers of the department, would be of great value to theBe settlers. For one thing, it would be the means of teaching them to grow plants that, at the present time, they did not know how to grow. Mr. D. Whitet.ky remarked that the tick6 had practically annihilated the male stock in the coastal districts in the vicinity of Uock hampton, and the selectors were very un certain as to whether they could import bulls from the South with any reasonable cer tainty of success. Mr. Murray said he had brought the matter of the farm at Stanwell under the notice of Mr. Thynne, who promised it should be established if the report of Mr. Benson were favourable. Mr. Benson had reported, he understood, and his report was believed to be favourable. The land, he might point out, was within fourteen miles of Rockhampton and very centrally situated. It was bounded by a permanent watercourse, by the Central Railway, aul by a public road. It would be of groat advan tage to the settlers iu the vicinity, aud a boon to the farmers generally in the coastal dis tricts. Mr. Carpenter remarked that he was with Mr. Benson when he went over the land that had been reserved for the farm. Mr. Benson said it was the only piece he had seen that was at all suitable for a farm and he would recommend it. The Ministek said that what had been stated about Mr. Benson having recommended the land at Stanwell as a site for a farm was quite true ; in fact, as that morning's paper stated, it had been reserved for the purpose. It was considered by his predecessor in office that out of the vote of £3000— he thought that was the amount — for experimental farms two new farms should be started — one for the Wide Bay district and the other for the Central Division. He imagined it was also considered by Mr. Thynne that the prospects of doing good in the Central Division were somewhat greater in the downs country than on the coast— that he felt that there was likely to be a large amount of settlement in the early future there, and especially between Spring sure and Clermont, also that he believed that, in starting an experimental farm in that part of the division, he should be not only benefiting these future settlers, but (through its back country) Rockhampton. However, he (the Minister) could assure the deputation that the matter of the Stanwell farm would not be lost Bight of, though he could not give any definite promise that anything would be done with regard to it this year — or, rather, this financial year. With the farm that bad been established in the Wide Bay district, and the farm that had been started near Emerald, the vote for farms would be used up, or, at any rate, the greater part of it, When he returned to Brisbane he should look up the report of Mr. Benson which had been referred to and do what he could towards getting a vote — that was provided, of course, the report was favourable — for it. With regard to bulls for dairy purposes being inoculated and sent up here, it seemed to be a rather expensive experiment. From what had been eaid that morning it would seem that the people here had some doubt as to the value of inoonlation ; but he (the Minister) knew, as one who had recently come from the North, that the people there— who had very considerable experience of inocula tion — had very little doubt on the point. At least two stockowners that he knew of were bringing bulls from the South. With regard to giving bulls as prizes in the Centre and North, he thought Mr. Thynne's hesitation was due to the fact that the value of inocula tion, as a preventive of tick fever, was not, at the time he was approached on the subject, proved ; but now nearly everybody connected with the department, he (the Minister) be lieved, considered it was absolutely proved. He had seen the second generation of inoculated cattle — cattle that had been inoculated from cattle that had had the fever, but which themselves had not had the disease — brought into infested country, country that was grossly infested, and though they had been there since the 4th of January last, they had not been affected. And among those cattle were two bulls and two cows, nine and ten years old respectively. That was only one of the many experiments which had been con ducteJ at Mack ay, and it led to the belief that, if conducted properly, inoculation was an absolute preventive. But no proof could be given by bringing one bull here. That bull might escape, while twenty others which might be brought here might die. As to giving bulls as prizes in dairy competitions, as had been done in some parts of the South, he thought if there were no check to the success of the inoculation experiments he should be able to promise that a bull or two should be inoculated in the South — where there were the means for conducting experiments successfully, and for keeping cattle quiet after they were inocu lated—and offered to the people of the Centre on the same terms as bulls had been offered at Gympie, Laidley, and other southern towns. It had been urged by Mr. T. Whiteley that Rockhampton should be made a port of entry under the Diseases in Plants Act, and one of the reasons he had given for it was that there was a large number of plants coming to the Central Division. He (the Minister) should make inquiries as to what plants were sent here. But the complaint that had been made by Mr. Whiteley, he might say, was not a complaint that was made by Rockhampton alone. It was one that had been made by every town along the coast with the exception of Brisbane and Cairns. The question of making ports of entry had been considered carefully by the Board of Advice that had been appointed under the Act. The Board had to work very gingerly. It felt that the first thing it should do was, as far as pos sible, to prevent diseases from coming into the colony ; and here it was met with the difficulty that most of the men it could get to act as inspectors would first have co be taught their business — that if it mode every port, iu the colony a port of on try it would require to have as iu spectnrs men who did not, say, know the Sau Jose scale from the Purplo Wax scale. Conse quently ii recommended that there should be only the uvo ports of entry — that those ports only should be proclaimed where competent inspectors were to be had. He (the Minister) had had similar requests to that made by Mr. Whiteley from other towns, and he should, on his return to Brisbane, lay the matter before the Board, pointing out that there was a large number of plants coming to the Central Division, and that, in the case of delicate plants, detention in Brisbane meant death to the plants. That he would be able to say from his own experience, for he had seen rose trees which had been brought from Sydney, and which had been detained in Brisbane, absolutely worthless by the time they reached their destination in the North. However, it was very likely that, when the inspectors, or possible inspectors, had become better acquainted with their duties, this would be altered. With regard to the ques tion of cleaning neglected orchards, the Board had been anxious to work slowly. The Board might, of course, have advised that the fullest powers of the Act should be brought into operation at once — that the inspectors should be instructed to go into a man's orchard or into a neglected orchard and say, ' Such and such a tree is dirty ; you must take steps to clean it, or stand the consequences ;' but it was not thought that this was advisable. It was thought, as in the other case, that until the orchardists had made themselves better acquainted with the means of keeping their orchards clean they should not be harassed, especially until the inspectors had learnt their business better. As those present were aware, inspectors who were removed from the seat of central government might be very annoying to every orchardist and every small farmer, for they would very often utilise their power in a way they would not do if immediate reference could be had to the Minister or the Under-Secretary. He did not think he could promise the immediate appointment of an inspector at Rockhampton ; but as the working of the Act developed and it was found out how matters really stood, stepB would be taken throughout the colony to teach people, at any rate, how to keep their orchards clean, and then, in the course of a year or two, the proprietors of really dirty orchards would either be compelled to clean them or the department would have them destroyed. Mr. Murray here thanked the Minister for his courtesy in receiving the deputation, and retired. Mr. Kidston said there was another matter the deputation wished to bring under Mr. Chataway's notice. It was not connected with his (Mr. Chataway's) department; but it was a matter in which it was thought he would be willing to assist the people here by bringing it to the attention of his colleague, the Minister for Lands. The Government had been offered an estate of some 5500 acres on the Agricultural Reserve under the Agricultural Lands Re purchase Act ; but it seemed to be very unwilling to accept the offer. The Commis sioner for Lands here (Mr. C. A. Starcke) had inspected the land and reported favourably on it. As a matter of fact, the land was the best agricultural land of any extent within a radius of twenty or thirty miles of Rock hampton. The Government did not seem to question that ; but it asked for some kind of guarantee that it would be taken up if it were bought and cut up into suitable farms. Mr. Chataway would understand that it was im possible for anyone to give a guarantee of that nature. Personally he believed the land would be selected. But he was not aware that when the Government bought land in the south under the Act it got any guarantee. It acted as it must always act in such cases — on its judgment of the circum stances and as to whether there was likely to be a demand for suitable land. Of course it must always remain an opinion as to whether land would be taken up until it was actually thrown open. With regard to this particular land, he believed, as he had already eaid, that it would be sought after. It was within easy reach of Rockhampton. It was only from seven to ten miles away. It was the best land in the district for agriculture. Indeed, he had very little doubt that if the Government bought it and subdivided it into suitable areas, and made it available on the easy terms that could be offered under the Act, the whole of it would be taken. As he had remarked at the opening of his remarks, the deputation was aware that the matter was outside Mr, Chataway's department. It ilso knew that he could not give a definite answer. But it was a matter of very consider able importance, because if the land were thrown open it would be the means of greatly encouraging agricultural settlement in a dis trict where it very badly wanted to be sucouraged. There was not a large area of good agricultural land in the vicinity of Rockhampton, and it was hoped that when Mr. Chataway returned to Brisbane he would represent to the Minister for Lands the desirableness of doing iu this district what he had already done in several of the Southern districts. Mr, Curtis said ho bclived the oflcr was one thai was entitled to the best considsi/ulion of the Government. The soil ou thu Agricul tural Reserve, he understood, was equal to almost anything in the colony. There was an excellent road to it. The access to it also was Rood. Then the whole of the reserve — of which this estate only formed part — could, he had been told, be easily irrigated from the Fitzcoy River. As he had already said, the offer was entitled to consideration, and more especially as, so far, the operation of the Act and the expenditure of funds under it had been entirely confined to the Southern Division. Not a sixpence of the funds had been expended in the Central Division yet, and he was inclined to think that if there were any land at all in the division that was worthy of being purchased under the provisions of the Act, it was this land. As to whether there would be an immediate demand for it, it was almost impossible, as Mr. Kidston had remarked, for anyone to absolutely guarantee; but he thought that if it were offered on the terms that the Act permitted— the payment being allowed to extend over twenty or twenty- five years ? it would be taken up. It was a reasonable assumption, at any rate, that it would be selected. He only wished to add that he supported what Mr. Eidston had said with regard to the matter. Mr. Carpenter said he had been living in the vicinity of this estate of Mr. Murray's for some years, and it was one of the best pieces of land in the district. The country round it was closely settled ; but this being such a large block, and the farms round it separated by such distances, there was no chance of getting a central dairy or factory established. The position was really this— Mr. Murray's estate formed a square and the people were all round it. It would be remembered that Mr. Baron Jones visited this part of the colony in 1893, and the best results he had in the district were got from the Agricultural Reserve. Selectors from all round brought their milk to the travelling dairy which Mr. Jones had charge of, and he got lib. of butter from less than two gallons of milk. There was a good demand for land on the reserve. Some time ago the Government threw open some land in the scrub beyond it, and it was all taken up. Then there had been a block of forty acres sold recently for £200. a Other sales had also been made. In his opinion there would be no difficulty at all about selling the land if it were bought at a reasonable figure and offered on reasonable terms. Water could be obtained at a reasonable depth on all parts of the reserve, and, as Mr. Curtis had pointed out, water could be brought from the river, which was only four miles distant. In fact, when the Paudora Sugar Plantation, which adjoined Mr. Murray's property, was in full swing, there was some talk of irrigating from the river. He took Mr. Benson round the country on the occasion of his first visit to the district, and he said the land on the reserve was the best he had seen in the district up till that time. As he had already said, he believed the land would be taken up Small settlers would establish themselves on it if it were cut up properly, and, he was confident, they would very soon start a central butter factory. The Minister : Is the land on the farm reserve at Stanwell typical of a large area Mr. Carpenter : Yes. The Minister: Is the soil on the settle ments in the- Stanwell district similar to the soil on the reserve there Mr. Carpenter: Very similar. It extends from Stanwell to Westwood. Then it is black soil; but beyond that again — at Gogango— the soil is gray the same as at btanwell. The Minister : Is it poor soil ? Mr. Carpenter: No. It is great lucern country. Mr. W. O. Lamond's place, which wbb recommended as a site for an experi mental farm years ago, is within a couple of miles of the Stanwell farm reserve. Alone the bank, of the creeks there the land is very nch. The land on the Agricultural Reserve is very different. It is black soil. Mr! Murray's property has been ringbarked for twenty or thirty years-or the greater part of it— and it is almost like a plain now Mr. D. Whiteley said he could with confi dence support wbat had been said concerning this estate. He had known it for years, and he had a very considerable experience in agri culture. The soil was such as was rarely met with. Practically every acre of it was arable. And he knew fora certainty that land adjoin ing bad been sold at a very high figure indeed. If the Government would accept Mr. Murray's offer, it would, he was sure, reap a good profit. Mr, Kidston said he would just like to mention that Mr. Murray offered to sell the land, with improvements, at £1 10s. per acre. So if the Government bought it, cut it up, and sold it at £2 per acre, it would receive a rent ot £7 10s. for every fifty acres. The Minister : Then I conclude the price is not the difficulty. Mr. Kidston : No. -: The Minister : Although the matter is not in my department, I know that in many cases where land has been offered to the Govern ment the difficulty was the price, for the Act precludes the Government from giving more than the Land Board says the laud is worth. So, although pressure has been brought to bear on the Government to buy estates, it has not — and it could not have — bought because of the difficulty of the price. In this case you do not think it is the price ? Mr. Kidston : Not as far as I am aware. I do not think there has been any complaint about that. So far as I know, the difficulty is that the Government wants some guarantee that the land will be taken up, and I think you will see it is absurd to ask for that. The Government must take the circumstances of the* district and the demand for agricul tural land into consideration, and judge whether it would be wise to purchase the land and subdivide it. The Minister: You said the Land Com missioner's report was favourable. In what respect was it favourable ? I conclude it was favourable as to the value of the laud. Was it favourable on the other side that there was likely to be a demand for it ? Mr. Kidston : I saw Mr. Starcke, and he seems to be doubtful. He concludes his report with the comment that it would, per haps, be as well to make sure whether the land would be taken up before buying it. He does not think there is much demand for agricultural land ; but you must remember this — and I hope you will poiut this out to your colleague — that Mr. Starcke has been iu the district only a month or two, and does not know anything about the district. All the gentlemen here — most of them at any rate — are farmers, and their judgment in such a matter is, I think, preferable to Mr. Starckc's. Mr. T. Whiteley said he was brought more into touch with the farmers generally than the ordinary run of farmers from the fact that he was secretary of the association, and from the inquiries he had received for land, he was confident there was not the shadow of a doubt of this land being taken up. So on that score the Government need not have any fear. The Minister said the deputation could rest assnred that, as far as lay in his power, he would do what Mr. Kidston asked from him. He entirely sympathised with the view Mr. Kideton took. When the Act was before Parliament he expressed the opinion that it should not apply to the southern portion of the colony alone, but that other parts should receive the un doubted benefit it would confer. The greater part of the demand which had been ex perienced in the South for repurchased land had been very largely due to the fact that the farmers who had resided there for twenty or thirty years had grown-up sons, and if there were the same class of people here — namely, farmers with grown-up sons or with sons growing up — he had not the slightest doubt, from what he could see, that this land would be taken up. If, however, it was to be purchased to be taken up by new blood — that was to say, if people had to be imported to be settled on it— the project would, as the deputation would see, stand on a somewhat different footing. Mr. Kidston: Twenty or thirty men would take up the whole thing. There are only 5500 acres. The Minister : Oh, it is small. Mr. Goodman said he would like to remark that about twelve months ago a block of about eighty acres of land at Stanwell was thrown open to selection by the Government, and it realised £7 5s. per acre. That, he thought, showed that if there was land open to selec tion it would sell freely. Mr. Gabfenteu: The land at Stanwell brought a rent of 7s. 3d. per acre. It was put up to competition. The Minister said he would speak to the Minister for Lands on the subject ; but he would ask Mr. Kidston to write him on the matter. Mr. Kidston : Very well. We are very much obliged to you, and I hope the Govern ment will get over its diffidence in the matter. 