. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. h Devil's Head BY J. 9~? era'd 7)lo((oy, Author of "An Excellent Knave," "The Life and Adventures of Peg Woington," ' How Came He Dead," "A Justified Sinner," "On Wheels of Fire," "*The Most Gorgeous Lady Bleosingtoen," &c.;, &e.; OOPYRIOHT. CIHAPTER IV.-(Contiued.) ' Some,'Oriana answered, with asmile, as she looked towards Philip, who did not conceal the fact that he was watch ing her whilst listening toher father. ' As for life' abroad,' said Rigel, 'it has its attraction for some natures in its freedom from conventions, its prompt responsiveness to impressions, its absence of that hitter, endless struggle for wealth and position, and for that quality of enjoying life under stress of circenstances which here would be considered improvident if nolt impossible. I, for instance, was quite happy when I did not know if the coming day would bring me enough to stave off starvation; or if I should find shelter at the end of the week. Our enjoymento depend upon our tempera ments rather than on our crcumstsucees.' 'Yes, the secret of happiness or misery lies within olurselves; that I have felt for yealrs. I find peace al most suffocating; my life is honrribly cramped. I long forqoovemcnt, and I feel bound hand and foot; I imagine what my existence might be under other conditions; and I 0am sure I shoulddie of ipanition if I did not live in a world of my own creation.' ' I understand,' Rigel remarked. 'I felt certain you would,' Oriana answered, a strange light illumining her oexpressive face. ' I have never met anyone to whom I could talk freely before. As I daresay you know from experience, there are some people, be they kindred or friends, who even when you wish to confide in them, repress you by their mere presence, and remain quite unconscious of the effects they produce. They seal your lips, they close your heart, they numb yourbrain, whilst there are others whom we call strangers, because they asre met for the first time, who by something in their voice or in their eyes, cause your nature to expand. They silently invite your confidence; they draw from your heart its corrodingseerets, as poison is drawn from the blood, leaving you healthful and at peace.' 'Theirs is the heaven- born gift of sympathy,' remarked Rigel. ' How little we know the effect we may-have upon each other,' she said. 'Sometimes we are conscious of it, more frequently we are not,' he replied, thinking how , little his companion suaected the impression she had given to him. 'But as to 1hose people who inder stand us, whose sympathy draws us to them, surely we cannot call them strangers, though we meet them for the first time. There must be some link of soul between them and us which is more binding than the ties of blood.' e 'Rtelationship can have small power to bind whenr sympathy is lacking,' said iligel. 'Ah, you think so? No tie could establish what does not already exist.' 'Symipathy is a thing apart from blood; it belongs to soul,' Itigel answered. He felt that her eyes were fixed upon him, but hlie purposely avoided them. 'Mine has been a lonely life,' she said, after a slight pause. ' I have always had to think for myself. I have never had anyone to help me. Even at school I never had a close friend. I always felt solitarv, apart from the other girls. Whein I epme home there was no change. My father and I are mentally as far asunlder as the poles.' 'There are soue people who, though surrounded hiy crowds, remain solitary from the cradle to the grave. Theirs is a tragic fate.' ' Yes, yes,' Oriana replied. 'I will tell you muore of myself some day, for I am certain we shall be friends; but see, l'hilip is growing restless.' The baronet, who almost uncon seiously had been st?uing at her the whole time her conversation lasted, was surprised at her apparent recovery from her headachel, and not well pleased at the animation and interest she showed. And now, after allowiung himself to be bored for wlmt rseelted an unconscion able time by his host, l'lhilip rose in the middle of a sentence, and approached Oriana. ' What are you talking of?' he asked, in an irritable tuone. 'Of foreign cities,' answered ligel, rising to give Iplace to his cousin. Though not sensitive, l'hilip was con scious of being shut out from the con versation, whilst Oriana: gladly realised that she and ltigel lhad soiething ill common that l'hililp did not sharle. Smothering a yawn, tile major aske?l ]tigel to play a game of whlist, in which their attention was soon engaged, whilstthe baronet talked to Oriana. it was close upon eleven ]when tile guests took their deleartrme. As Olia:mln shook hands with lhigel her puihn lingeIred in his a second, but when hlie sought her eyes they were lowered. It was a re lief to escape from the disturbiug in fluence of her mau;gletic uresence. They hod arranged to walk hiome. On tlhe little' lawn, P1'Lilip, who hadi recovered hlis usual placid temper, lit his cigar, RItigel his cigarette. The light of a young moon swas ill the sky, a" touch of frost in tile air, tile c;uthi was hand and fry. Both were silent, eacsh thinking out his own thoughts, whichl were centred on the samie person. 'hlnu they had walked a few hundred yards Philip said: 'If you don't mind a stiff clilmb, we will take this path which runs across the Devil's Hecad.' 'I should like to see it,' Iligel answered, Turning sharply to the left thel began an ascent, the narrow way leading them over rough, gravel soil, bordered on either side by a thick growth ot underwood, until, after twenty minutes' sharp walking, they came to a paulate on the summit of a massive boulder that lifted itself high and steep above the valley of the Mawdldacelh. Here they stood some seconds inl silence, looking at the magnificent chain of mountains that towered in silent grandeur to the starlit sky, and at the dense woods ani sombre valleys that stretched between them anl tlhoms heights. Not a soundl was heard, nO living thing othler than themselves was seen, a sense of mystery, a feeling ol loneliness, broolded over all. ' Fine, isn't it ? ' asked. Philip, ahruptly. 'Splendid. Why is thle boubl:er called the Devil's Hecad ?' Iigel in ,luired. SI don't know. Perhaps because it's so black and ugly.' ' I can't see by this light hlow high it rises above the valley,' said Rigel, looking down into the impenetrable darkness. 'This will give you some idea,' answered Philip, dropping a stone over the precipice. - As lie did, they bIeoard the cry of a frighltened bird, the flap ping of wings, ani some seconds later the dull thud of the stone rolling into the echoing depths below. 'What an abyss,' remarked ltigcl, withdrawing from the brink. Without further conversation they contijued their way, crossing a stile, enteriig a shrubbery, and vcrentually emerging in front of the castle, thIe gray outlines of whose towers were just visible in the darkness. 'I have been engaged to Miss Clay pole some time,' said Philip, abruptly, 'though we kept it secret whilst my father lived.' 'Engaged?' said Rigel, his voice conveying his surprise. 'Did your father object to your marrying her?' 'Yes,' answered Philip, briefly. 'He was anxious I should marry money. Oriana has none.' 'She is strikingly handsome,' ligel remarked. 'Isn't she,' said Philip, pleased by his cousin's discrimination. 'But you haven't congratulated me,' he added. 'I hope you both may be very happy,' said tigel. Philip was disappointed that his cousinu did not express more satisfaction at the prospect of his marriage. 'We are certain to be happy, for she is thie one woman in the world for me,' he remarked, writhl the decisive air of one who has spoken the last word on the subject. 'But is he the one man in the world for her ?' ligel asked himself as they entered thIe castle. CHAP'TEIR V. O ?Aa-A's ICSsAGoE. The morning after his meeting with Oriana, Rigel strayed away from the terrace of the castle into the gardens, when coming to a broad plateau be was suddenly confronted by a magnificent view lying beneath and beyond him, of wide-stretching valleys, with their home steads and villages backed by woodlands, the whole enriched by the Ithobell, the Snowdon, and the Cader Idris moun tains towering against the clear blue gray of the distant horizon. He looked over the land with search ing eyes. Far as he could see it all belonged to Philip; not a soel who lived in those valleys and tilled thle soil but paid him a rental' that helped to swell his income to thirty thousand a year, an immense sum surely for one indi vidual. At that moment Philip, practical and orderly as lie was in all things, was going over his accounts with the agent. Hlis morn iugs were entirely devoted to business. Rogularly as clockwork tile steward called on certain days for consultations with the new baronet, whom hie found as shrewd as his predecessorl. Riigel was therefore free to spend as he pleased the hours between breakfast and lunch. During the early days of his stay lihe had delighted in wandering about and examining the castle, traversing pas sages hung with tapestries that some times concealedl locked doors, eritering quaint suites of drawing-rooms shrouded in hollland, and containing stranigely elrved furniture, spinets that hadl given ino sound. for centuries, spindle-legged card tables whlere fortunes had ileen iClost ald won, and spotted mirrors that hid reilectcdl the beauty of tlhe women of his house. Emterig tIhese silent ipartments, thlrough wshose shutltred wilndows faint and shailowy lights g:ainedl a grudged admission, in wihose atmospherem tile ismell of dried rose leaves still linigered, it seemed to RIligel as if hlie had steppcd into bygone ages nl mingled with a piast that had little in coiumon with the Iresent. And so stroing did this iiiipiiession gain upoiii hlimu, that on open inlg one of these I,:eavs ok dIors lie would niot havle l,'n siiriliisedi to coiiime ups0i a conllp:Li if ghosts iin hoop iud poider in silken ho.iian,- saoiln breecehes, with waving ftn and st.muiilled souff box in hamiil, and fhiir high-hi-eeled shoes asd dangling swori Is ilinking on the waxed fl,oor, :s thyc (''thied pro ifoundlh or trod the stately iillieasCUC of a dauic. lThe plc thit iiit most impressled him, hlowever, was thie picture gallery, thlat ran along thie whole western sidte of tile castle,- and contained little else save family portraits. Here were statesmen and soldiCers, csiitiers that lad been favourites of a kiung, ladmirals that hlad won fanmous victories. And with them were their wives in ev'er variety of costume, belongilg to every reign.' They were all his ancestors; he h)lad sprung from Luem, their blood was in his veins. Hk could not help feeling impressed by the plride of ancestry, by the knowledge that through a long line of illustrious men hlie could trace his family until its origin was lost iu prle historic times. Nor could he help ladmitting to himnself tlhat since his arrival at Itedcliffe Castle his impres sionoable mind had undergone some change. For the first time hlie had enteredl one of the magnificent homes for whichb (reat Britain is famed; hlie lhad experi encedl its manifold comforts, and admired the sinmple dignity of its order. His love of luxury was gratifiedl by the tlatcly roomns he inhabited, by tihe miassive silver of the table service, by the surroundings that everywhere bore evidenee of an ancient splendour, by the loyalty of the service given by those ichose forbeirs hadl for generations been servants of his race. The stable with its horses was at his scrvice; the finHe oldi library invited him to explore its unkuown riches; an excllent cook add d somethling to the enjoyment of life. Andi everyone he ellicoltniterld, tenanlt or townsmen, treated him with friendly respect; for to themn he was a scion of a family con inectedl with and served by them for centuries. All this was widelydifferent roma anytlihig hlie lad expleriencehl a mionthl ago, from what he would again know in a few weeks. In a great city hlie would be one aiaongst :a crowd, for rlwhom no special consideration would be shown. There wouild be no home life for him. lie woul live in a second rate boarding-house, eat beside any man or womani who couldI pay for a meal, bhe serred by a slipshod waiter with soiled linen and dirty nails, to dishes, the pioverty of whose quality woul beh concealed under a richness of seasoning. He would ride on a tnmear or omnibus. True, he need no longer struggle for dlaily bread, as the three hundred a year hlie inherited woull support and allow him to choose what work lhe ileased. But what was three hundred a year in comparison with thirty thou sand and such a home as Redeliffe Castle ? With a smile of self-pity he remembered the idea instilled into his youthful mind by his poor foolish father, that he, Itigel, would one day inherit his uncle's title and property; and for a moment hlie allowed his inmagination to dwell on what might have been. With a phllronable pride he felt assured he would do justice to the position. Philip hardly looked the part. He had no dignity, anul he .scarcely appreciated his surroundings, perhaps because he had been used to them all his life. What a piece of ill luck it was that Sir David had married a second time, that 'lPhilip had ever keen born, in fact, that he (Iligel) was not lord and master of ltedcliffe Castle. How different he would miake the place if it were his. He pictured to himself the wainscoting of the vast hall refleeting the ruddy glow from great log fires in winter time; the drawing reooms stripped of their holland cover ings and brilliant with innumeralble wax lights; the ballroolna crowded with gay dancers; the dining table surrounded by beautiful women and distinguished men; and hlie the master of all, able to direct their pleasures, and follow his own by reason of his vast income. Alas, all this was but a dream-a dangelrous dream which had better he banished from his mind. But so forcibly had it taken possession of him this morning that, without heeding where he went, he had wandered out of the garden into the shrubberies and down into the valley. As he still mechanically took his wany along a narrow path, a shllrill sharp cry fell upon his ears, when turning to the right, from wher he be lieved itto have conime, he found himself close by the great jutting boulder which he rightly inferred was the Devil's Head. As he looked upwards hlie caught sight of a woman's figure, standing in what seemed a perilous position and waving something in her hand. In stantly he recognised the figure as that of Oriana Claypole, and remained sta tionary in his wonder at seeing and hearing her call to him. Before he could moveo she callled to himagain and then began to descend. This not only surprised, but startled him; for it seemed dangerous that she shouli rush dow n an apparncutly track less declivity. Hle shoutedndnl raised his hands by way of begging her to go back, but if she heardl or saw, she tgok no notice of him, but continued her way, now running a few stleps as if impelled forward, again pausing to grasp at shrubs, and making wide circuits as if following a path. lie hurricd forward and reachedl the point of her descent as breathless, flushed, and ino longer able to control herself she rushed into his arms, where he hels her whilst her heart beat tumultuously against his own. Then she raised her eyes to his slowly. For a second he was aware that their lpuplils dlilated with a sense of sudden, unoontrolledl joy, that hlie was conscious his own Ithlected. Then swiftly an expression of confusion and dismay spread over her face and hlie relaxed his hlold. 'P'ray forgive Ime,' she stammered, in evident cbarmrassmecnt. ' I thought it iwas Philip; I did not realise until this instant that it was you.' ' We are about tile same height and builld,' hlie answered, anxious to cover her confusion, 'and seen from a din. |?l~lCe--l 'Yes, that was it; I ought to lhaveo looked, hobut I dared not take my eyes fromi the lpath,' Oriana said. ' Was it not dangerous to run down tile side of that precipice ?' he asked, desiring to give the conversation another topic. 'Not so much as it would seem. There is a path that I know pretty well. 1 have often ruu down the Devil's ieatd before now,' she replied, laughingly. Imo a eOarEoDm. DH--4 Plan wine is a favourite beverage in all countriena where the palmnis nathve. 