CUBA AS IT IS. [By FIDEL G. PIERRA, in the Forum.] Spanish domination in Cuba, or the attempt at domination, will be a perpetual source of annoyance, of irritation, and of danger to the United States. Of danger, in so far as it may, j at any time, give rise to international compli i cations of a nature which it is not possible to foresee. At the present day, and in present circumstanues, there is not tbe slightest pro bability—whatever some subsidised newspapers of the Old World may say—that any Euro pean nation would lend its support to Spain; and the most serious consequences of a deter mined ar.u effective policy on the part of the United States, in order finally to dispose of the Cuban difficulty, would be the semblance, or perhaps the reality, of a war with Spain, either of which would be a matter of small importance. Vet conditions may change in the course of years; they might change at a critical moment; and what now does not appear even as a possibility might then become an accomplished fact. Would it not be prudent and wise, therefore, to improve I the present favorable opportunity, and decide once and for ever a question which, like Banquo's ghost, will not and never will down j until it is properly and legitimately settled S ! It is idle to expect that Spain will be able to suppress the present revolution. It is yet more idle to hope that any compromise can be effected between the Spanish Go vernment and the Cubans. There was a period in Cuban history—a long one, indeed —when a compromise was possible, and the Cubans exerted themselves to the ntmost in order to reach it; but that period is past and gone, never to return. Now there are only two issues—incessant war or independence. But let us suppose, against all probability, that Spain will be able to crush the revolution. Does anyone think that it can be accomplished in a short time? Spanish official announce-j meats of a speedy termination of the war are j nothing but empty Castilian bombast What do the facts tell ns? Even granting that hence forth everything should go against the Cubans and in favor of Spain, years will elapse before die former trill be exhausted and the struggle will come to an end. The rebellion of 1868 j continued for 10 years. The Cubans then never had more tfran 10,000 men under arms— less than one-fourth of what they have at present. They had no permanent sources of revenue, and when tbe funds which were col lected at tbe beginning of the war bad been expended they were left without pecuniary means wherewith to supply themselves with arms and ammunition. Now they have the regular contributions of tbe thousands of their countrymen living in foreign countries, who faitotully pay their monthly quota into the treasury of tbe dubs to which they belong, to be by these latter paid into the treasury of the Cuban Delegation in New York. The amount is not large, bat it has paid for 90 per cent, of the thousands of rifles and millions of cart ridges sent to Cabs since the beginning of the revolution. Daring die previous war the Cabins neg lected to provide themselves with cattle and to raise vegetables for the supply of the army. This time one of their first measures was to drive 1 all the cattle into the mountains—where they can be cared for and are beyond tbe reach of the enemy—and to establish various zones of agriculture, in which some 3,000 men are engaged in fanning: They have thus assured their supply of arms and ammunition and their supply of food. Daring the rebellion of 1888-78 the war m; confined almost entirely to tbe provinces of Santiagoiand Puerto Principe; no properly was destroyed in those of Santa Clara, Mabmm. Havana, and Pinar del Bio, and agriculture suffered no interruption in them'; and Spain was able to force from the island • revenue larger than in time of peace. Then the rebellion had its origin in tbe upper classes, the lower ones scarcely realising its meaning ; and slavery was a- great obstacle in varioo? ways. Now the uprising proceeded from the oommon people, and ithe upper classes joined them when they became convinced of tbe universality and strength of tbe movement. i If die Cubans by any chance are driven from | lie provinces of Pinar del Bio, Havana, j Matamaa, and the western part of Santa Clara, they have the means to withstand the power of Spain for many years in die provinces of Santiago. Puerto Principe and the eastern part of Santa Clara—a | territory which represents more than five-J eighths of the area of the island, and from I which they can continue to raid the other pro-1 vinces and to prevent die in-gathering of the j crops. To set fire to tbe largest cane field nothing more is necessary than a match, half a pint pf kuxsine, and a Uye snake; and the latter harmless' creatures—for none of the Cuban species is poisonous—abound through oat tbe ?"F?*?*^ Indeed £ nave no doubt tfiirt the Cubans can hold out in those provinces long enough entirely to exhaust the power of Sgain. Bat should {they finally desist it would be merely a suspension of hostilities until the next generation grows up. Should they be exterminated—as Spain wills and threatens, but is powerless to effect—she must keep the island wholly unpeopled, for there are no worse rebels against her role than the im mediate offspring of the Spaniards. So long as Spain has a foothold on the island Cuba will be a running sore in tbe Bide of the United States. Tbe only •way to heal it is by complete cauterisation; which, in the case under con sideration, means the utter separation of Spain from the country. This alone will relieve tbe United States from any further care and annoy ance—caro and annoyance which it would be unjust to charge to the Cubans, for it is not their fault They are human beings; they are crashed by oppression and galled by tyranny; and they rise in self-defence. Not they, bat those who goad {them to rebellion should be blamed. But if, from a political point of view, it is to the interest of the United States that Spain should withdraw from Cuba, from an economic standpoint it is still more so. There are some 60,000,000 dollars (some esti mate the amount at 70,000,000 dollars) of American capital now in jeopardy in Cuba. Of it some 30,000,000 dollars are invested in sugar estates, some 20,000,000 dollars in mort gages on various kinds of property, and the balance represents debts due by Cuban planters and merchants to banters, mer chants, and manufacturers of the United: States. So long as the war continues that mast of capital will remain entirely unpro ductive ; while if it is much prolonged it may be utterly lost ■ 4 We have already seen that previous to dip war die taxes wen so heavy that tbe country was unable to bear them. Will they be lighter after peace is restored* In the first place, Spain never abolishes a tax. To do so is against her traditional policy; her history proves it. In the second place, two items alone of the future permanent expen diture will amount to a larger sum than that of the whole budget before the re bellion. The item for interest on the debt which Spain had imposed upon the island was then 12,000,000 dollars: and as tbe debt has already doubled, and before the war ends will be more than doubled, tbe interest on it will rise to at least 25,000,000 dollars per annnm. Before the rebellion tbe cost of the army and navy was 7,000.000 dollars; but as Spain will be compelled to keep in the island a much larger army, the future cost will be at least 10,000,000 dollars. Add to these two items the others of the- budget, which I shall leave as before, and a grand total is reached of 42,000,000 dollars, or 16,000,000 dollars more than the amount of taxes collected in 1534, and 12,000,000 dollars more than the sum ex pended. That Spain will foreo that revenue from the island so long as there is anything to extract it from, no one who know? Spain entertains the least doubt; and such a pro ceeding will result in the confiscation of what ever capital remains in Cuba, Such will be the fate of American property under Spanish rule. Under the republic, on the other hand, as there is no public debt—for the so-called Cuban bonds are an obligation incurred by Spain, and Cuba is in no way responsible for it—there will be no interest to pay; and a budget of some 7,000,000 dollars or 5,00Q,000 dollars will folly provide for all the current ordinary wants of the Government and for purposes of national interest, which, though always neglected by Spain, are necessary for the material development of the country. Again, the commerce of the United States with tbe island, which sometimes has risen to about 100,000,000 dollars a year, will be ex posed to perpetual fluctuations and losses so lone; as Spain is allowed to remain in Cuba. Daring the last two years it has dwindled down to almost nothing; and it will suffer a greater redaction if the war continues. Under the republic, the perturbing causes having disappeared, it will now on uninter ruptedly, and will reach a magnitude never yet attained. Cuba will not then have to go to Spain annually for :>0,000,000 dollars or 35,000,000 dollars of merchandise, which she can obtaiu much cheaper in the United States, aud which she had to order from the Pcnia scla because the Customs tariff favored the Spanish producer to the extent of 330 to 2,00y per cent. Indeed, 1 stall be very much mistaken if. within a few years after Cuba becomes independent, her commerce with the United States does not rise to twice the figure it reached before the war. 