PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. A DAUGHTER OF THE PEOPLE, By "RITA," Author of " The Sinner," "Kitty the Rag," "Peg the Rake," "A Woman in It," "A Husband of No Importance," "Master Wilberforce," "Darby and Joan," "Sin- less Secret," "The Man in Possession," "Two Bad, Blue Byes," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXI.—(Continued). "What is your opinion of all this, Mickey?" she asked him, breaking the long silence at last. "Come, let's have it out. Do you be- lieve in the chiropodist's foretelling, or do you not?" "I can't say;" was the curt answer. "But you must have some opinion. You used to worry enough at one time as to who you belonged to, and now that a designing Providence throws the information into your very hands, so to speak, you won't trouble yourself to follow it up. I'll tell you what, Mickey," she leant forward and dropped her voice to the key of persuasion, "I tell you what; I'll take the trouble off your hands if you'll just provide a reasonable document setting forth what I am to expect for my in- vestigrinations. I think I know where to be- gin, and that's more than you do. The time isn't ripe yet for lawyers interloping. Their fingers will have a pull out of the pie, of course, but not more than can be prevented by my alternations, I promise you." Mickey lit his own briar-root and began to smoke with a serene indifference to this alluring prospect that, to say the least of it, was trying to a feminine temperament. "Do you hear what I'm saying?" persisted Sally. "What are you looking at Brianna for? She's only a sawdust doll in comparison to me. She can't help you." "No," said the girl softly.' "I wish I could." "Do you believe in that man, Brianna?" asked Mickey, suddenly. "Does he believe in himself? I can't understand him." "Mr. Lorrimer says he is able to foretell anyone's future by the lines of their hand," said Brianna. "He is not only a palmist, but he has what is called the clairvoyant faculty. Have you ever noticed his eyes? They look through you, and yet beyond you. They seem always to be seeing something else beside yourself." Phil D'Eyncourt shivered. "That is so," she said, "He gave me the creeps." "Nonsense," interposed Sally Dunne. "The gentleman is quite irrational, I'm sure. As for his chiropody, as he called it, why I've known gipsies tell fortunes in the same way. And I remember old Moll Flannagan had a pretty trick at reading the cards, which brought her in quite a superfluous income in support of her other occupations." "'Well," said Mickey, sending a cloud of smoke to the dingy ceiling. "I'll think the matter over. There's no hurry," he added, somewhat bitterly. "No hurry!" screamed Sally, rising in her wrath. "No hurry! And you suffering chancellors and exchequeries to have the use of what might be your own lawful income. No hurry. And all these years you may have been disenfranchised of a noble estate." She started up, her eyes aflame and her face wrathful. The picture she had drawn appealed so strongly to her fancy that it almost ceased to be a picture. Mickey's grim laugh startled her. "A pretty fool I should look," he exclaimed. "Laying claim to a title and fortune I never heard of on the strength of some fortune- telling jargon. I'd like to see a lawyer's face when I came to his office with the lines of my hand as the title deeds of an estate!" Sally Dunne shut her lips with a tight snap. There were times when talking was a waste of breath. She knew what she knew, and it wouldn't be her fault if Chancery wasn't made to disgorge its ill-gotten gains in one instance. In her estimation that august Court of Equity and Justice was no- thing but a fraudulent institution that robbed the widow and the fatherless without com- punction, and offered stone for bread to liti- gious claimants! She was going to have a tussle with it on her own account some day, and she plumed herself on the prospect with agreeable anticipation of results. For the present the subject dropped, but when Mickey returned that night, tired and disgusted with attempts to amuse an en- lightened music hall audience, she informed the little community that she was thinking of going back to her caravan. "Fogs don't suit my constitution," she added. "And the ways of agents and stage managers is deletiginous to womanly feelings. The call of art is stronger than the voice of syrens, and hinstantaneous photography has superior allurements to my mind. I shall pack my satchel and retire to my tented home, and make a reformed debutt in my old line. As for you, Mickey, I leave you to the potential finger of Fate, on whose threshold you stand. Take care of the girls, and don't let Brianna there get her head turned with flatterings or epingsodes of an amatory nature. Phil D'Eyncourt can look after herself. My bless- ings or you all. When next you see me it will be at the portentious call of Fate, if I mis- take not!" This somewhat ambiguous speech left only a sense of relief to the minds of Brianna and Mickey. They were not sorry to hear of Sally Dunne's contemplated departure. Phil D'Eynourt alone expressed any regret, but then Phil did not consider she had had half enough fun out of her. But no one attempted to change Sally's de- termination, and she returned to her native shores leaving a strange peace and quiet be- hind her, and with five pounds in her pockets, borrowed from Mickey Croom. ____ CHAPTER XXII. It was the opening night of the Caviare Theatre. Everyone who knew anything about the mercantile side of the stage had pro- phesied failure for the theatre, the piece, and the syndicate of the New Noodles who were running the whole thing. The New Noodles were a section of the young nobility who had elected to raise the stage to the rank of the aristocracy, by mar- riage and—other forms of patronage. Their announcement had crept into news- papers of every grade, and been discussed in every drawing-room and boudoir. Society had done so many strange things of late that really it had almost thought of turning "pro- per" by way of excitement. Then it heard of the Caviare Theatre, and grew once more interested. The name of the first piece to be produced had been kept an entire secret. It was known to be the work of a new dramat- ist, and rumour had described it as daring and original beyond anything the stage had ever seen. Neither bribery nor corruption had been able to get beyond these bald state- ments. The rehearsals were conducted with a privacy that was absolutely indelicate, and the names of the actors and actresses were almost unknown. The Noodles had decided on being original, and so the morning newspapers contained merely the names of the theatre, the play and the cast, but not the names of the performers. They would appear only in the programme of the evening. It had at first been decided that no critics should be admitted; but the worthlessness of their opinion being too well known for any verdict to affect either the play or the public the objection was waived, and the usual stall tickets forwarded. Every news- paper of any standing sent its representa- tive. The ladies' Journals, the fashionable magazines, the critical reviews, the great dailies, the weekly world-wide circulators, all were there in the shape of shabby dress clothes, well-worn black silks, note-books and eyeglasses. A subtle excitement filled the atmosphere. The rustle of passing presses, the perfumes of laces and flowers, the glitter of diamonds in the boxes, the gleaming busts and shoul- ders in the grand circle, made up an impres- sive picture of beauty and fashion and wealth. Society had actually altered its din- ner hour, or foregone its dessert and coffee in order to be in time for once. It had been informed that the interest commenced with the rising of the curtain, and that late comers would not be permitted to disturb attention by getting to their seats over the patent leather toes and trailing satins that were in the way. So, with a laugh and a shrug, and a good deal of grumbling, Society had emulated the better manners of a less su- perior class, and been punctual. Five minutes before the prescribed hour the pretty little theatre was filled from floor to ceiling. Prohibition prices had kept the gallery free from the usual riff-raff of orange sucker's, and lovers of picturesque language. It was filled with a critical and attentive and highly curious audience—an audience who could appreciate Ibsen, and had learnt to distinguish the subtle differ- ence between Bernhardt and Duse. Two boxes on the second tier had been converted into one. Many eyes turned cu- riously towards it. It was there that the syndicate would be enthroned, and a whisper had circulated that among them was the author of the play. Six impassive faces moulded into a beau- tiful vacuity of expression, six faultlessly fitting dress coats, and white satin cummer- bunds, six exquisite buttonholes of the latest monstrosity in orchids, were framed by the cream mouldings and gold silk hangings of the box. The cynosure of all eyes, they bore five minutes of public scrutiny with the indiffer- ence of statues. Not a flutter of interest or nervousness gave them away. Six tailor's dummies could not have behaved more cre- ditably, or evinced less excitement. Their languid gaze swept the house, surveyed that noble army of martyrs yclept "The Critics," and then turned approvingly on each other. "This is our work," they seemed to say, "and yet an ungrateful mobocracy calls us 'use- less.' " Conscious virtue warmed the waxen pallor of cheeks paled by the arduous tasks of Society. The ghost of a feeble smile lifted, the waxed moustache ends to a less acute angle. Then the first bars of the overture sounded, and a hush fell upon the house. A weird melody throbbed through the darkness, and noiselessly the curtains parted on either side and showed the stage. A woman lay on a couch of leopard skins in a room that was the perfection of modern upholstery in all its details. The couch and the figure lent a bizarre touch to the pre- vailing modernity. There was something fan- tastic and barbaric about them. Large win- dows opened on to a wide balcony, in the background, and beyond gleamed the blue and gold of an Egyptian sky, while a single palm reared itself against the paling rose-tints of sunset. The music wailed on, now loud, now soft. On the stage all was silence. Yet so exquisite was the picture, so intense the in- terest in the motionless figure, that neither eye nor ear asked for anything more. The dreamy repose and artistic stillness of such an opening scene made people ask them- selves if, after all, it had been wise to put up so long with the conventional servant lay- ing a table, or the pert chambermaid whisk- ing a feather brush over perfectly dustless furniture, what time they mouthed or gabbled over the opening business of the play as di- rected by the dramatist. So absorbed was the audience in watching for what was to come that they failed to no- tice a seventh figure in the box of the syndi- cate. A man had come quietly in as the cur- tain rose and taken a seat a little behind that stirless group. No one spoke. Every eye was bent on that lovely, indolent form, and a stifled sigh of ex- citement burst forth as it moved, and raising itself on one arm, left bare by falling drapery, looked straight at the crowded house. Even then she did not speak. She seemed as one awakening from a dream, spell-bound by its memories and half afraid of what the awak- ening might mean. Without, the light dark- ened with the suddenness of Eastern nights, but the room within grew bright and the gleaming tissues of the woman's dress flash- ed into showers of silver as she suddenly sprang to her feet and rushed to the open window. A Nubian page, clad in scarlet and gold, entered by another door. He carried a letter on a golden salver. Glancing round and seeing no one, he laid the letter on one of the inlaid tables scattered about, and then retired. People began to look at each other. Was it going to be a dumb show; a play without words? There had been something hopeful in the ap- pearance of the page and the letter. They were old stage friends in a new dress; but when the picturesque Nubian had nothing to say, and the letter faced them blank and un- addressed they grew restive, and a few eyes turned inquiringly to the box of the syndicate. But the very suspicion of a practical joke was banished by the calm and deep attention of that motionless group. The vulgarity of mere humour could find no entrance there. With a sigh of relief, attention returned to the stage, and the entrance of a man in com- monplace tweeds struck a note of modernity that once more aroused expectation. His brief speech, his ordinary lighting of a cigar- ette, his stroll towards the open window, and then the crude challenge of his greeting to the white figure leaning negligently against the rails, signalised the opening of the play. It was disappointing that they should talk just like ordinary people, she from without, he from within the room, but the audience had to learn, as scene followed scene, that just the very things they had been accustom- ed to in the stage translation of human ac- tions were the things that the new play would have none of. Yet so brilliant was the dialogue, so subtle the by-play, so skilful the hints of dramatic interest, of the hidden savagery of human nature underlying the culture and courtliness and even the conventionality of the principal actors in the drama, that atten- tion was claimed irresistibly. The part of the woman was marvellous. It was contradictory, impulsive, feminine with cruelty, fascinating, yet repellent. A nature swayed by passing breaths of passion and regret, sowing tragedy with outstretched hands which men's kisses had seared. When the curtain fell a storm of applause burst forth, as wild, as impulsive, and as un- like the usual languid approval of a cultured audience as the play, and the acting had been unlike any other play, or any other acting of modern times. "The woman is a revelation," muttered the critics, thronging the foyer, thirsty and smoke-famished, by an hour of self-compel- led sacrifice. "A revelation!" they repeated, washing down the verdict with draughts of whisky and soda. "The play, of course, is impossible. Oh! quite impossible. But it has been written round her; anyone could see that. Who is she? Anyone ever heard of her?" No one had, until a small, still voice chir- ruped in the interests of its special journal that surely she had played something—some- thing quite unimportant in a play produced at the Delphic some time in the past year. Then references were made to note-books or memories, and "Jessica Lynch" might have found herself famous could she have played the part of listener. "Wonder why the man calls it 'The Opal'?" observed a tall, thin individual. "There's nothing about an opal in it?" "Perhaps that will come out in the second act," suggested another. "Very bad form." "Utterly against all traditions." "Dead failure on the face of it." "Neither form nor meaning." "Won't draw after the first week." Such was the verdict of the august body who had elected to be the voice of the public, and believed they alone could feel its pulse and diagnose its weakness or its strength. "Splendidly mounted, too, and wonderfully thought out. Couldn't detect a mistake or anachronism, for a wonder. Who's done that?" "Oh, the author! He's one of those artis- tic Johnnies, don't you know," lisped a little man who had the ears of the clubs, and was intimately connected with a large bill-broking firm, whose opinion of society was scarcely fit for publication. "Don't know him at all—never heard of him! Raemore Clive—nom de guerre, of course." "I met him about a year ago," announced a deep voice. "He came to read that very play to me, and, bedad, a more conceited and impertinent fellow I never met in the whole course of me life!" "What did he want to read it to you for, eh, Rafferty? Or is that one of your stret- chers? You didn't seem to remember the play a bit." "Because he's altered so much of it. I told him straight it would never do as he had it." "It's a wonder you didn't offer to collabo- rate," sneered the little man. "Is he in the house to-night?" asked "The Stage" autocrat. "You might point him out." "I will," said Rafferty. "I think I spotted him up in the gallery. He's trying to keep out of sight." "People seemed impressed," murmured "The Era." "Oh, anything new goes down, you know," announced the critic of the "Minerva" lan- guidly. "Just that odd way of beginning gave them something to talk about." ''There's the bell! It's mighty punctual they are for a first night," grumbled Rafferty throwing aside a half-smoked cigarette. "I wonder if the opening of this act is going to be as queer as the other?" "I thought you said you had heard the play," observed "The Era." "Only the first act, and, bedad! 'twas near a case of wigs on the green after it, too. He couldn't argue, and he wouldn't listen, and so he got abusive. Was it Tom Rafferty would stand being told he didn't know his own business? Not likely, and by a young upstart who hadn't learnt the a, b, c of his trade! So he had me opinion, and, be jabers, if it's done nothing else it's kept him quiet for a twelvemonth." Then they filed back to their places as the curtain rose. The beautiful complexity who was beloved by four men and married to one was again on the stage. The scene represen- ted her boudoir in an hotel at Cairo. She was going to a fancy ball as an Egyptian dancer, and had taken it into her lovely er- ratic head that she must learn a certain dance for the occasion. In order to acquire its technique with perfect accuracy she had engaged a professional danseuse from the Khedive's Court to give her a lesson." A troupe of female musicians entered, play- ing strange music on still stranger instru- ments. Then a dancer glided in, veiled and shrouded in semi-transparent tissues. A brief dialogue ensued, then she threw them aside and stood with bare sandalled ankles, swaying and twisting her lithe figure to the sound of the weird fantastic music. The strain grew quicker and more impassioned. The movements of the dancer answered its demands. She looked like a mist of white and silver, rising, falling, twisting; her long transparent scarf, flying here and there with the rapid motion of her agile limbs. Suddenly, a sheet of flame burst forth from the right wing of the stage. There was a sudden cry, then a wild shriek of horror rent the stillness. The flying scarf was caught by the fire, and in a moment the dancer was enveloped in flames. The audience sprang up like one man. There was a rush for the doors, shrieks of terror rent the air, the whole stage was a glow of lurid brightness. The shrieks of the burning girl had been sudden- ly quelled, for the actress recovering from it momentary paralysis of terror, had seized the rug that lay on the couch and wrapped it tightly round the struggling figure. But meanwhile the flames were spreading. They caught at cobwebby tissues and fantastic draperies—all the brittle, fragile litter that had looked so artistic a few moments be- fore. In the midst of the wild commotion a man suddenly sprang from a box, and clambered down to the footlights. The fire was yet confined to one wing only. He pulled down the flimsy tissues, shouting orders and com- mands to the panic-stricken scene-shifters, catching up the rugs which lay on the floor and smothering down the burning mass by their means. Assistance was at hand, and in a few moments the danger was over. But the panic-stricken crowd in the house were beyond hearing or reasoning with. Pushing, crushing, shrieking, they blocked the doors and crammed the passages, making useless all attempts to assist egress: mad and blind in the selfish struggle that is the one dominating rule of panic. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 