[?] TP OAKLEY GHOST. — ? ? o ? CHAPTER I. Within half-nn-honr, however, Ger trude Wilmot was comfortably tucked in an easy ehair, toasting her toes by the fire, with a cosy dressing-gown wrapped round her. ' And they do say,' said Parkins, 11 that a ghost walks.' ' The servants say that, do they ? ' said Mrs. Wilmot. ' Yes, ma'am,' said Parkins. ' Footsteps it is; they never see nothing, but they've heard— well — ' ' That is just what I want to ascer tain,'. said Mrs. Wilmot. 'Footsteps cannot do any harm.' 'Jnst what I said myself, ma'am, said Parkins. Then, with an uneasy glance toward the second bed, which stood in a far corner of the room, she continued, ' There was somo talk, ma'am, of my sleeping here— in case you might happen to be a little—' ' Oh,- certainly , not, Parkins,, I am not in the leaBt frightened. Indeed, I should be very glad to find ont a reason for these sounds that seemed to have frightened other people.'' ? Parkins suppressed a sigh of relief, and deftly wound up her mistress's hair into the accustomed knot. ; ' You needn't stay,' said Mrs. Wil mot. 'I am going to read myself sleepy before the fire.' Parkins retired, and Mrs. Wilmot, selecting a novel from the bookshelf over the fireplace, sat down and opened it, just as the distant sound of men's voices, shouting ' good nights,' came' from the hall below. Then there was a shutting of doors ; and then silence. It was not a very interesting novel, and it was not long before Mrs. Wilmot found tho silence a little oppressive. 'If the ghost is coming at all it ought to be herei soon,' Bhe said to her self, For the hands of the clock over the mantelpiece pointed to one o'clock. She looked round the room and shivered slightly. Things were not quite so cheerful now that Parkins had gone. Beside the fire was burning low. In the background the huge old bedstead looked rather uncanny. Was it in that very bed that the faithless wife had starved to death ? It was not a pleasant re flection, and Mrs. Wilmot returned to her novol. But she could not concen trate her mind upon it. Her ears were straining all the time for the sound of footsteps, which Bhe longed, and yet dreaded, to hear. A sudden alteration in the light caused her to turn her head nervously. It was only one of the candles, which had burned down to the socket. Mrs. Wil mot rose and extinguished it. But the slight shock had given an unpleasant jar to her nerves. And as another candle, which bad almost burned itself out, had to be distinguished, the room began to get rather dim and mysterious. ' I insist on you keeping your nerve,' said Mrs. Wilmot to herself. ' And if there iB a ghost I want it to come.' It did not come, and MrB. Wilmot, aftor standing for some moments by tbe candle she bad put oat, determined to go to bed. But as a matter of pre caution, she decided to [examine the room. ' That will assure me that thero is nothing here, and will steady my nerves,' she reflected. So very carefully she looked into all the corners, behind tbe ? screen which stood in front of the deep window faoing the bed, and into the big wardrobe, in which was nothing but some of her own dresseB hanging in ghostly array. But just as she had closed the door of the wardrobe, and was turning across the room agaim thero came an un mistakable Bound of a footstep on the other side of the room, a quick pit- pat aB of a hurried footfall coming toward ber. She turned rapidly in the direction of the sound, and the unseen presonce mado three more steps toward her. The sound was deadened to somo extent by tho thick carpet, but it was, nevertheless, quite distinct. Mrs. Wilmot sat down on tho chair which was nearest to her, every nerve in hor body tingling. Thero was somothing in the room ; but what ? So iar as the eye could see, there was nothing living noar her. The ligbt was dim, but still she conld see with sufficient clearness to determine that she was alone. For five minutes or so she sat still, with tbe unpleasant consciousness that lootsteps wore closo by her, footstops with no feet to make them. But the steps were silent, and the intonse stillness became oppressive. Mrs. Wilmot stl her teeth firmly to gether. ' There is nothing to bo afraid of,' she said to herself. 'I will go toward thom.' . She rose and walked in the direction of tho footsteps, looking steadily in front pf ber, and holding lier bands out before her. For the fire bad died down, and and another candle was reaohing the point of expiring. Soarcely had she walked six yards across the room than the mysterious pit-pat of footsteps sounded again behind her. She stopped, her heart in her mouth ; and the foot steps Btopped at the same time. Still there was nothing to be seen. She moved on a few paces and stopped again; and again the footsteps followed her own and stopped when she stopped. ' If only they would come in front,' she muttered, as she stood with her hands olenohed and every muscle tense. ' I 'don't think I 'm afraid, bnt — ' A coal fell from the grate, and the flame rose for a moment, and then sank into blackness. 'I'll try once more,' she said to herself. ' Perhaps it's only my fancy after all.' And she walked swiftly across the room, with her eyes turned over her shoulder. Instantly the footsteps started after her. Then she ran, and sat down on a chair which was close against the wall, trembling in every limb. ' If you are anybody — oi anything — show yourself,' she said, trying hard to keep her voice from trembling,' I am not in the least afraid,' But a sudden flicker of the candle on | the dressing table reminded her that in ' a few minutes she wonld be in the dark. 1 Already the heavy oak-panelled room] was lighted only here and there in } patches. She started up again fiom her chair, aud gathered her dressing-gown round her, for she was cold with fear. ' Matches!' she murmured., 'Where are the matches 1' Toward the mantalpieoa ' 'she darted, and the footsteps were behind her. But the matches were not within sight. Then to the dressing-table, to tbe table by the bedside, and back again to the dressing-table ; and all tbe time the per sistent tip-tap of a following pair of feet behind, her, One of the remaining candles was already spluttering out its life, and throwing ghastly, flickering shadows about the room ; and as she ran hither and thither the implacable footfall followed her, close behind. At last, as abe made a rush for the mantel piece, it seemed to her that the footstep was nearer. What if it should catch her 1 With that thought Mrs. Wilmot lost her head. She gave a wild shriek of terror, and rushed to the door. Out side there were, at leaBt, live people, with real, tangible bodies, while here ? With the steps still pattering behind her she dashed open the door, and, with the remorseless pursuer at her heels, ran pell-mell into the corridor, though with no clear idea of whither she was going. She only wanted to escape from the dreadfnl presence which seemed to possess no visible shape, and the horror of being left alone in the dark with it drove her wild with fear. ' Good heavens, Gertrude ! What's the matter 7 Is it burglars ? Are you ill 7' She had tumbled straight into the arms of Major Carter, who had heard her Bhriek and come out into the cor ridor. ' My dear child, you are trembling all over,' said Major Carter, which, as he conld see by the light which was burning at the end of the corridor, was as pale as death. ' Oh, I've been so frightened,' gasped Mrs. Wilmot. ' I cannot stay in tbat room in the dark. There is a ghost there.' 'A ghost 7 Nonsense!' said the Major. ' What kind of a ghost 7 ' ' Footsteps,' whimpered Mrs. Wil mot. *' I didn't think I should be so frightened, but I am. Something has been following me about the room. I could hfinr it, finite nlainlv. It followed me I until I met you.' And Mrs. Wilmot glanced apprehen sively over her shoulder. 'Well, what is to be done?' said Major Carter. ' You can't stay here all nignt.' ' I can't sleep in that room,' said Mrs. Wilmot, beginning to or y. 'I sunnose it would hardlv do—' Major Carter stopped. He recognised that the situation was a little awkward, and was wandering whether he could suggest an exchange of rooms without any very flagrant breach of the proprieties. Mrs. Wilmot began to walk to and fro, wringing lier hands* ' There it is again!' she exclaimed, stopping sud denly. ' I certainly heard something,' said Major Car Lor, looking intontly at the uuur. ' How dare you laugh at me 7 Oh, how can you bo so cruel 7 ' For Major Carter had given vent to an unmistakable chuckle of amusement. 'Major Carter! Stop laughing at onco ! ' And Mrs. Wilmot stamped hor slippered foot upon the floor. 'If you will stand still a moment, I will catch your ghost,' said the major. Ho stepped bohind hor, and stooping down, pickcd up a small object l'rom the floor. ' The proper place for a reel of cotton is a work-basket,' said Major Cnrter, with a grave face and a twinkle in. his eyes. ' Cultivate habits of tidinbss, and you won't hear any more ghosts.' Mrs. Wilmot took the reel of cotton from his hand, and passed her fingers down the loose end, which terminated somewhere in the skirt of ber dressing gown. ' And was that all 7 ' said Mrs. Wil mot, breathlessly. ' Obviously,' said Major Carter. ' Now I will get you a box of matches and some more candles, and then yon shall go to bed.' He stepped into his room and brought her candles and matches. » Now don't forget to put that reel back into your work-basket, and call me if you seerany more ghosts. I'll catch 'em for you. Good-night.' ' Thank you so much, Major Carter. I am sorry to have disturbed you.' 'Don't mention it. It bas amused me very much,' said the Major, as he watohed Mrs. Wilmot return to hor i room and close the door. As he turned to go into' his own room he found himself confronted by Miss Bosanquet in a very becoming dressing , gown, and carrying a candle. | ' Is anything the matter, Major i Carter 7 ' she said. \ ' Only a slight alarm — about a ghost,' i said. Major Carter. s ' Ob,. Mrs. Wilmot, of course.' 1 ?' Yes, Mrs. Wilmot.' ' I thought I caught sight of ber dis appearing into her room. So she came to you for— consolation.' ' She was horribly frightened, and I was able to explain the mystery.' 'Ah! how nice! Well, I clonk choose to be seen at half-past one in the morniDg- talking to a man in his — pyja- mas, you call them, don't you?' and Miss Bosanquet turned to go, leaving Major Carter with an uneasy apprehen sion of what she would think — and what she would say. ' Miss Bosanquet,' he said. 'Well?' ' Perhaps I should tell you that Mrs. Wilmot has a certain right to-claim my protection. She has promised to be my wife.' '? I congratulate ber,' said Miss Bos anquet, as she lefc the Major standing in front of his door. Mrs. Wilmot's door opened two inches, and through tbe aperture came a distinct whisper, 'How dare yon ?' Then the door closed again. And the Major, rubbing his chin thoughtfully, betook himself to bed. The next morning the Major was early downstairs, and found that several people had heard Mrs, Wilmot's shriek, and that rumors were rife as to the en counter in the corridor. But he steadily refused to answer any question on the subject, simply saying that Mrs. Wilmot had borrowed his box of matches as she did not like to sleep in the dark. Mrs. Wilmot breakfasted in her room, and it was nearly midday before he found her, wrapped in a warm cloak, walking upon the terrace which ran along the sunny side of the house. She blushed slightlv when the Major joined her and expressed a hope that she was none tho worse for her fright. ' Gertrude,' he continued, walking by her side, ' I was compelled last night to make a statement which I rely on you to enable me to verify.' 'I heaidyou. It waB disgraceful.' '? Miss Bosanquet bas a venomous tongue,' said the Major with a sigh. ' And to a spectator who did not know the circumstances our position was cer tainly open to — well — ' ' It's taking a most unfair advantage of me.' said Mrs. Wilmot. 'Then vou won't sunuort mv reDu tation for veracity Mrs. Wilmot stopped and looked at her companion. 'But the circumstances can be explained. They are so simple.' ' Certainly tbey caB,' said the Major. ' I should be delighted to explain them. It makes » most amusing story. Your wish to see a ghost, your fright, your plunge into my arms — and the anti climax, a reel of cotton. Splendid !' And the Major langhed aloud. ' Bnt you must let me toll it in my own way,' he added. Mrs. Wilmot started. ' Ob, bnt everybody will be laughing at me,' she exolaimed, ?' Undoubtedly,' said the Major, 'it will be tbe joke of the season.' ' Oh, that's horrid of you. Major Carter, don't give me away. Promise me you won't give mo away.' The Major ceased laughing. Indeed, his face became very grave and tender as be took Mrs. Wilmot's hands in his own. ' Gertrude,' he said, ' let me have the right to keep you, and nothing Bhall ever induce we to «'ivo vou aivav.' Mrs. Wilmot. looked hopelessly over tho Major's shoulder at the baie trees of the pirk and (he rolling h'l a bejond. And tlion ber eyes met his. ' Is that tho condition ?' she said. ' Tbe only condition,' ho said. 'Well, you've won — and I'm rather glad,' sho said, be tween a laugh and a sob. £Ti« 