CHAPTER LX.—A NIGHT IN THE HERMIT’S CABIN. The “Ghost” had looked well to the •comfort of his horse, then piled up wood •on the fire, causing' a genial warmth to pervade the half cabin, half cavern home of the Hermit. He cooked a good sup per, for he found that the lonely man had a well filled larder. After giving his patient something to eat, though he fed him sparingly, the •Ghost spread his own blankets before the fire and turned in for the night, ready to respond to the slightest call of the Wounded man. Hying with wide open eyes, for he did not seek to at once, go to sleep, he took in his surroundings by the bright fire light. He saw that the cabin, or log part of the little house, had been built over the mouth of the cavern and joined to the 'Cliff with rocks and clay, so as to make it close and keep out the cold. The logs had been all hewn out with an axe, whilst the window shutters on either side and the door were of thick split timber. The roof was of logs, but did not leak, and it was altogether a snug home even in the bitter weaither that had lately visited that region. The bed of the Hermit was a rude cot in one comer, and on the wall above it hung a repealing Title, a double-bar relled shot-gam, a cavalry carbine, and a musket. There were half a dozen re volvers, too, as well as knives and bows and arrows. The rocky floor in front of the bed was carpeted by the skin of an enormous grizzly bear,, and other souvenirs of the Hermit’s prowess as a hunter were seen inn all sides. The cavern was used as a store-room, • and, penetrating the cliff some twenty feet, was about twelve feet in width and eight in height. A saddle and bridle hung there, and there were a number of war-bonnets and Indian costumes. Such was the home of the strange man who dwelt all alone, and who had said that he had a mission to perform before he died. Until his eyes closed in slumber the Ghost gazed about him, and when he awoke the fire had burned low and the .grey of dawn was streamlpg through the cracks here and there visible. He arose quickly, and glanced towards ihis patient, for the form was so silent lie feared that he might have quietly slipped put of life. “Ho, I am. not dead; but the wound ;pains me." It was a relief to the Ghost to hear the wounded man speak, and he hastily said: “T will dress it for you. and then you will feel better. I was so tired I did not move all night." “1 slept also until after midnight, and would not disturb you as you seemed to need rest: , You have removed the [ hideous death mask you wore last night, and somehow your face seems familiar The man started, stepped quickly to his blankets, and picking up his mask replaced it. Then he threw wood on the fire, and opening the door, passed out, bucket in hand, to get fresh water at the spring he had visited the night before. He fed the horse while he was out, and watered him, having a bag of oats which he canted with him, and returning to the cabin, cooked breakfast as soon as he had dressed the wounded arm and shoulder of the Hermit. He saw that his patient was slightly feverish, and fearing inflammation would set in, he said: “I am going to-day to see if I can get a person to aid you who will be far more useful than I am. It looks as though we were going to have another storm ; but do not fear on that account, for I know these mountains well, and ray horse is nevc-r at fault, so I will be bade by night at furthest.” "You say you will bring some one to this place?” “There are but three dwellers in these mountains that I have ever seen, save myself, and the redskins seldom come here from the lower range.” "Who sire the dwellers to whom you refer?” “The man calling himself the Monarch of the Mountains, a young girl whom I have seen on several occasions, and you —tv ho have been playing the part of a ghost for some reason best known to yourself.” "We three are all, and the person I would have come back with me to care for you is the young girl of whom you “But I know her to be the ally of the man I hope to bring to the gallows.” “Whatever she may be to him. let me tell you that she is at heart my all}',” was the firm response of the Ghost. 