HUMAN SACRIFICES. Mr. J. H. Swainson has communicated a de scription of visits which he has paid to Benin and lo the African chief Naua's town. At one time Benin City was the centre of the slave trade, the Portuguese slavers being the pur chasers. ThePortuguese 'barracoons,' or pits, were still to be seen at Benin. Mr. Swainson was tbe third white man who had up to the time of bis first visit been seen iu Benin. Tbe num ber nf tbe King's bodyguard is altogether about 200 — all naked, and each with a brass ring on one of his ankles. The; King received Mr Swainson in a very friendly way, and also his presents of silk and cloth with equal readiness. The King promised to do all he could for trade, but he would not remove the *' Ju Ju,' or fanatical embarRO, from tbe copal and the gum. The King told Mr. Swainsou he was going to hold one of his human sacrifices, and asked him if be would like to see it. This Mr. Swainson declined, and he hurried out of tbe town, fear ing the safety of bis own head. The sights that were witnesssed by the Englishmen were of the most revolting description. On one tree which bad been trained for such purposes, a woman had bren crucified. This was because there had been too much Bun for the crop, and to propitiate the King's ' ? Ju Ju ' tbe woman | was tied np, with hands and legs outstretched, on the tree. The third time Mr. Swaiuson visited this sepulchral cily was in 1892 with Consul Captain GallwHy, Dr. Hanley, and Mr. Hulton, and was to try and get the King to sign a treaty. Tbe King kept his visitors wait ing two hours for the ' palaver.' This was to show his Royal dguity. When he app aiud he was dressed in a suit of coral, only liis eyes, nose, fingfr-lips, aud toes being visible, and so rigid was the garment thai tbe King couln neither stir nor do anything for himself. An immense umbrella «as held over him. and fan beaiers had all their work cut out to keep their sable ruler cool and tbe flies off. Eventuilly the treaty was Hgned. and then the King in vited the white men to see him *' kill his father.' This, it was explained, did not mean tbe actual murder of tbe former King, as he had been dead many yeam.but it was the anniversiy of his dealb, and every year it was supposed that the worthy parent's spirit rose from the ground, and ' to lay the ghost,' 18 men were killed. Captain Gallway not only declined tbe invitation, but told tbe King, through the inter preter, that such horrible sacrifices would not be permitted in future. Whether the interpreter conveyed the full meaning of the words to the King could not be known. but the King laughed, and the matter ended. ' The 18 men were killed alter the Commissioner had left. Tbe mode of sacrifices was most shocking. A rope was tied round the neck of the victim, tbe other - nd being fastened to the bough of a tree, which was bent by tbe weight. The brad of tbe victim was then cut off with a Bword or large knife, and tbe bough of tbe lie'e new back, hurling the head into tbe air.and allowing the body to fall to the earth. ? 