THE EDUCATION QUESTION. A PLEA FOR THE STATUS QUO. At the last meeting of the Ministers Union the Rev. J. W. Roberts read the following paper on the education question: The standpoint from which this paper regards the question has been termed the secular. This may he a convenient de- signation at the same time it implies more than the truth. Instead of this side being essentially more secular than other sides, I hold that it is essentially the most religious of all. That is to say, it involves a deeper regard for real religious instruc- tion, and a higher estimate of the importance of the Bible in education than any other. Now, that is a large claim, but I believe it is entirely just. The only logical, practicable, and truly religious system of education in our State schools is that which demands the entire separation of religious and secular instruc- tion. I am, therefore, not only satisfied, but gratified, with the obtaining system in this colony. I could not be a party to a change in our policy without sacrifice of principle. The apparent desire of certain portions of the community for a better religious training of the young hail as a healthy and auspicious sign. But I hold it is not the duty of the State to deal with our demand. It is the divine duty of the parents and the Church. Let them provide for it independently of State agency. My opposition to religious Instruction in any kind as part of the State school curriculum is partly founded upon its impracticability. It cannot be carried out with fair ness, and it cannot therefore command general satisfaction. The attempts have all been futile. The system in vogue across the border In New South Wales has failed to gain anything like general satisfaction. The matter as it affects the Board schools of England is a notorious fiasco. It is a subject of bitter and endless strife. It is a red rag to denominational fury. It can never be settled on the present lines. The nearest approach to a settlement, I suppose, would be in Birmingham, where the Religious Education Society give voluntary teaching in board schools. But even there the question is utterly unsettled. Anglicans and others stand 'aloof from the society. Although the conditions of the question are with us considerably different from those obtaining in the old country, experiments of that kind which fail there are even more likely to fail here with rampant democracy. Is the matter settled in Manitoba I trow note In our State schools there are teachers of all shades of religious and non-religious opinions. The children come from homes representing no less diverse religious be- liefs. In a speech delivered by Dr. Martineau in 1893, had describes the difficulty that has to be faced. He says, " You must train the child, not in your own religion, but in that of his home. If there be an Israelite, you may äeach him the Then Com- mandments, but not the Lord's Prayer, still less the Apostles Creed. If his parents are Friends, you may refer him to the Holy Ghost, but not to the sacraments. If they are Independents, Kyou may open to him the divine voices of Scripture, but not insist on the oracles, of the Church." . It is absolutely impossible for the teachers in our State schools to instruct the hundreds of children committed to their charge in the varied religious beliefs of their parents. To attempt such a thing would be immoral. It would in the eyes of the children be making hypocrites of their teachers ; teach- ing one religion one half-hour as the highest and best, and another faith the next half hour as the same. But some say let Scripture history be taught without dogma. The question is, How can that be done ? Dogma is so inextricably interwoven with the warp and woof of Scripture that one cannot be taught Without teaching the other. However much we may try to divest our Teaching of dogma it is bound to tincture and flavour it. Scripture history is to me the incarnation of divine truth and divine purpose. I can't teach Scripture history Without inculcating dogma that is my reading is conditioned by my opinions and I cannot conceive how it is possible to do otherwise. One man accepts Bible history as true, excepting the miraculous element in it. Another accepts that element. Between the teaching of each would be the width of the universe. To read the Scriptures without note or comment is to put a stigma upon that book such as you put upon no other book. Besides, what of the Bible ? Protestants might soon agree, but not so with the Roman Catholics. They would not be satisfied with their own Douay Bible. We are not discussing, I take it, the question of State aid to voluntary schools, though it may be in the minds of some. Such a change would be so flagrant a going back upon the acknowledged principles of colonial primary education that I believe and trust it is far remote. But is the present system fair to the Roman Catholics ? Permit me to give Dr. Clifford's answer to that question. Dr. Clifford writes : " What we want, said a Romanist to me In New South Wales, is no more than justice. We ought to have our share of the public funds devoted to education. We do the work ; why cannot we be paid for it Simply because you will do the work in your own way, and not in the way the State finds to be the only way that is just and fair to all the citizens. Yes ; but we have to contribute to the sport of the State schools, and maintain our own at the same time. Certainly ! What else can you expect ? I have educated my own children in England, and yet I have had to contribute to the support of the State schools, but I need not have paid a penny towards the cost of the education over and above what I paid in the rates. The State schools were open to me, but I preferred to send them to University College School, and I paid for my preference. On your principle you could contract yourself out of all duties of citizenship. Suppose you have half-a-dozen poor relatives, and out of love for them you provide an institution for their support out of your own pocket, instead of sending them to one of your any sums. Will you therefore ask that you should not pay a poor rate, or be taxed for the maintenance of the State's poor ? Again, you want your letters to go without risk, and so you send them by hand. Do you object to pay taxes for the Post Office Department ?" I object to religion being taught by any one who does not accept the truths he teaches as his own religious belief. No one can teach the religion of the Bible who is not a disciple of the Christ. It would be immoral to compel State school teachers, with or without religious faith, to instruct the children in the Scriptures, or even in that curious amalgam of Scripture phrase and story- the Irish Lessons guaranteed to be perfectly innocuous both to the Roman Catholic and Protestant juvenile minds, and it would be an unfair and invidious distinction to leave religious instruction to teachers religiously disposed. Further, and this is the citadel of my position, I hold that religion is a matter with which the State has no right under any pretext whatever to interfere. Whether I am atheist or the st, agnostic or believer, Mahomedan or Buddhist, is properly no concern of the State. It ought not even to ask what I am. I object to a religious census on this ground. So long as I do not infringe the civil rights of other members of the State my religious opinions are entirely and sacredly my own concern. The introduction of Bible teaching into State schools by State agents would be a viola- tion of this principle, against which I shall protest as loud as I can, and as long as I live. State aid to religion is unjust and opposed to the genius of highest modern civilisation. Bible teaching! in State schools by State-paid officers is a form of State aid to religion. The free use of State schools for the purpose of giving religious instruction even by other than State-paid teachers is, when pushed to its logical issue, a form of State aid to religion, though this is such a highly diluted form as to be scarcely worth notice. With the ultramontane system adopted In another colony some years ago, of cutting out of the school readers the names of the deity and all allusions to religion, I have not the least sympathy. It is unscientific and absurd. Much of the best English literature is saturated with Scriptural notions, and abounds In Biblical allusions. Let our school reading-books consist of nndoctbred selections irom-our-beat literature, and let the teachers give an honest explanation of the allusions when they occur. But that is a very different thing to constituting a body of men and women with or without definite religious opinions the religious teachers of our children. Then, again, what religion shall the State teach ? You say that of the majority. Then that is unjust to the minority with Its conscientious religious differences. All the conscience clauses imaginable farmer obviate the difficulty. If the State teach religion at all, it must logically teach all the religions of its citizens. It must teach theism and atheism side by side. In other words, it must constitute itself an ass. It would thus involve itself in glaring, unceasing contradictions. But on the higher ground that only the truly religious mind is capable of rightly imparting religious truth, I hold that the best system is that which exists in our colony. Here secular and religious teaching are separated, the State being responsible for the former and the Church for the latter. If there be a need for fuller religious teaching of our children, the Church and the parents, without State assistance of any kind or to any degree, should satisfy this need. It is their divine duty. This may involve, as Dr. Nicoll says, a sacrifice on the part of the ministers. But it is their duty, and not that of State officials, none the less. Let our State schools be raised to the highest point of efficiency. Let us, If necessary, organise daily religious instruction of the children in buildings not belonging to the State. Let us remember the wise words of the opener of the discussion, who said religion is an atmosphere. The Bible in the hands of the and event may be made the most irreligious of books. If religion cannot support its own agencies and teach its own doctrines without the aid of the State, let it be cut down, for it alone umbrella the ground. Faith without works is a stinking carcass ; let It, for God's sake and man's, be buried. It is because I value the Holy Scriptures so highly, because I regard religious instruction as such an important and sacred duty, it is because I love the State, and Christianity more that I plead that the Church make herself responsible for all religious ministration, and that the State and its own business, which is certainly not that of universal provider of religion for the community. To me, ours is a profoundly religious position. It is with me a matter of faith and conscience. Not only am I precluded from being a party to any change whatever in the present secular educational policy of the colony, but necessity compels me to oppose any such change. It is not with me a matter of detail or expediency, it is a matter of principle. _ _ 