"BE KIND TO EDITH." [ A U EIOHTS R N U W ) . ] CHAPTER L AM the daughter of a Derbyshire vioiir who " passes rich " in the Peak districtononehundred and twenty pounds a year. There wore four of ua, two giria <L))d two boys; and how it was ell managed I know not, but we never wanted bread and cheese to out, a warm fire (n winter, or decent clothes to wear. We owed no roan anything, and nover refused a crust to a poor neighbour worse off than oursolves. But it may be well supposed we had rot much to spend on education. My fathor, himself a Rugby and Cambridge man, was able to teach his boys, and did so most thoroughly and conscientiously, and at fifteen or sixteen the good follows proposed, of their own accord, to go to tlie neighbour ing towns of Chesterfield and Bakewell as draper's assistants. The thing is not at all uncommon in tbat district of email clerical proferments. And if my brothers knew more 1-atin and Greek and less book- keeping than might have been desirable, they mado up for it by their strict integrity and pleacant-mahnera to their customers. So we two girls, Mary and myself, were left at home, and very soon wo began to feel that we were ono too many. My father foil ill, and bad to have a doctor and help in his duty ; wo lost a cow, and times became not a little hard with us. Now, an old friend of toy father's was in tho habit of sending us " The Guardian," a few days after publication, and one evening, as 1 was glancing over its pages somewhat listlessly 1 came to the following advertisement: "Wanted in a Physician's family a Nureery Governess, or Superior Nurse, to undertake the entire charge of two little children, Lady preferred. Wages twenty pounds. Apply, E , Gower-street, London." " Why should I not try for this ?" 1 cried on the impulse of the moment. "Mary can do all the work which mother will let anyone do now the boys are gone, and one quarter's wages will pay Mr. Dnlton'a bill. Of oourse my fathor said, No, no, my dear, we shall get on without that." Of course my mother shed a few quiet tears at the notion of one of her daughters becoming a servant. Of course Mary threw her arms round my neck atld asked how she should get on without me. Of course the boys, when they were told, were angry with me for daring to do what l.lioy had dofte themselves. I am not without a will of my own. A letter was written and a favourable answer received. TJio children bad been left motherless in tho year previous. There was one boy and one girl —very easily managed, but not strong in health, requiring care. No tnenial work would be required of mo, a nursemaid being kept. My meals would be served in the nursery. And to on and so on through two sheets of notcpuper—well-written and expressed, and all perfectly satisfactory. References wore exchanged, " for form's sake," it was said, and within three weeks of my seeing the advertisement 1 found myself in a third-class carnage of tho Midland. Railway Bteamiqg out of Chesterfield. X had a compartment all to TnvBelf, and rejoiced thereat for livo reasons. First, because my good father liad oxponded one of bis few precious shillings in buying a book lor me ; and 1 was anxious to read it. And, secondly, because I had not yot become accustomed to tbe strictly servant-like apparel which itbad been decided in family council that X should wear ill my new situation—a perfectly plain light print dress, a etiaw hat trimmed with brown ribbon, and a block jacket. I found afterwards that X might have dressed just a* I pleased. But my plain attiro was not unbecoming, only X felt a little awkward in it at first, and fancied that everyone would know me as a lady-help. X rejoiced therefore in my empty carriago, and read my book and ale the cake my mother had provided, very comfortably. I am not one to make trouble out of nothing, and I rather enjoyed starting in life on my own account. But at Leicester tho door "Was opened, and a lady dressed in deep mourning got in. She was not in widow's weeds, but her veil was co thick that X could not eeo her face. I could just make out, howevor, that sbo was very Jiale, and wore green spectacles, She seated herself directly opposite to me, and from that moment never turned her face from me. She sat with her hands before her, and lier green epectaoles, dimly Men through her veil, fined steadily upon jne. X tried to read, but felt all the time she was looking at me. X pretonded to want my little basket from the rack, and her eyes followed mo as X moved, At last I took a seat on her side of the carriage, though riding with my back to the engine invariably tcakes me ill; and, there 1 if the wretched woman did cot deliberately turn round and face me, .At first X thought my servant-like dress, and-perhaps unservontlike manner had struck her and made her suspicious, but I reflected that there really was nothing BO tiuusualin my appearance. . VIII try what speaking willdo,"I«8id to myself, and reroomboringmy new charjcter I said respectfully : " It is turning quite cold, ma'am, don't you think ? Shall X close tbe otherwin dow ?" "No, thank you," she answered; " X don't feel cold." Again silence ensued, and I felt Uiatl joust put Tup with her doBe inspection as beet I might; and only rojoiced to think -that London drew near. • • Just as the bouses began to appear in streets and rows, ,.tny follow passenger opened her mouth, andBBkcd abruptly, and in a hurried manner: ' " Are you fond of children !" Of course I supposed that she judged from," my drees that X was a nurse, and replied civilly: »Yes, indeed, ma'am, very fond." ' " You would never, be unkind to them ?' "Unkind ? No indeed !" j • • She said no more, but continued starin " atmeuntilthe train^stopped. . As soon as the door was opened the crossed over the carriage and eaidin a deep.solemntone ,* : "Belcini to Edith." •. - 4 - Beware the ides of rMarch," could ijot . have been uttered in « more alarming way ! X slanted to my feot, feeling sure that wbat I- bad for eomo minutes- suepeetod was indeed the case, and that I bad travelled wlth alunatic. I tried ta detain her, but •be shook me off, sprang f riim tlie carriage, and ran rather than walked across tbe I station, -The porter , who bad opened the door looked at ber with some surprise, as she was evidently not very young. " The lady," X said, " is not, X think, quite in her right mind." " Think not, miss t Been troublesome to you, or frightened yon ?" " Oh, no, no 1" I answered, and then 1 asked him to see to my luggage, and get me a cab, and very soon I was on my way to Gowcr-streot, The distance is not great, and the cab soon stopped at the door of the house, on tho brasB plate of which was the name of Dr. Norman. The driver got down, and before X could •lireot otherwise, rang the visitors' bell. Ho, at ell events, did not take me for a servant. The dour was opened, after a very short delay, by a middle-aged housemaid of highly respectable appearance. " I am sorry," I eaid rather nervously, " that the cabman rang the wrong bell, 1 am the new nurse, and these are my boxes." " Walk in, miss," replied the woman respectfully. " You were quite right to ring the hall-door bell. My mistress told mo you were a clergyman's daughter, and were to be treated, in all respects, an a governess, not a servant. X'ray come in. I'm glad enough you are come. Now those poor children will have someone to seo to them." X paid the cabman and stepped into the hall. The house was somewhat dark and gloomy, 1 thought, and had that air of bygone respectability which X havo since learned is shared by all the houses in that once fashionable distriot. " I'll have your boxes taken to your room miss, at once. Perhaps you would like to speak to the mistress, and then make acquaintance with your charges 1 Will you follow me, please ? My name is Sarah." " And mine Emma," X replied ; " but I thought your mistress was dead." " The Doctor's wife, you mean. But his two sisters now keep his house, and we cal] the eldest mistress. They're in thedraw ing-room now. The back drawing-room we use as a nurserv. You shall go in and see the children when you como out from the ladies. Ob, X do hope you'll be kind and cheerful with them, and especially with little Miss Edith." X etarted as she eaid the name. The lady in the train, then, must hive been a friend of the family, and have known the names of the children ; but I had no time to reply, for Sarah threw open the drawing-room door, and announced me as : " The now young lady nurse, it you please, ma'am." Two ladies, past middle- age, were sitting at work in a somewhat shabby, untidy apartment. Tbey were both singularly plain, and had prominent front teeth, but what struck me particularly was their nervous, frightened expression. Even at Sarah's announcement of my name they gave a little start, and seemed relieved to find it was no ono else. At that time X don't think I knew what a bailiff meant, else X should certainly have suspected that they feared a visit from one. However, they were civil enough, bade me take a scat, enquired about my journey, spoke of refreshment, und hoped that X should be comfortablo. " Tho children liavo had many nurses," said tho oldest, " since their mother's death, but none of them seemed able to keep them amused without disturbing tbe Doctor. I do hope that with you, an educated lady, it will be different. Yon will find Jane, the nursemaid, a good gir), though eloiv." All this came out in a jerky, nervous way, as if she was thinking of something else, and both the ladies seemed relieved when X roso to go. "I believe," X said, as I reached the door, that X travelled with some friend of yours. She seemed to know the names of the children, for ebe bade me ' Bo kind to Edith.'" If a shell had fallen through tbe coiling the effect could not have been more startling. The needlework and tho knitting both fell to tho ground. Tbe ladies etarted to their feet. One wrung her hands ; the other placed here on ber heertas if to still its boating. At last the older gasped out: " What was she like ?" and the younger : " Was she t all, very pale, dressed in black 7" " Yes, ma'am," I answered, feeling most uncomfortable. " She was tall, pale, and in deep mourning. But I au> very sorry X mentioned her,as it teems to distress you so much." • It appeared then to occur to the elder Miss Norman that ehe must exercise some self-control and explain her excitement " The subject is, indeed, most painful to us," she said. " You havo met a person who lias been—ah ]" here she groaned deeply, "who has troubled us much. Tray do not mention her out of this room." I gladly gave my promise and etill more gladly retired, for tbe violent emotion of tho two ladieB had alarmed me not a little. As X went out I heard one of them moan ; Oh, bow will it end ? How will it end J" CHAPTER n. Sarah was waiting for me outside. I wondered whether she had heard what had passed. If sbe had ehe Eaid nothing, but at once led the way into the back drawingroom, which was shabbily furnished as a nursery. The room struck me on entering as oppressively hot and close. A rather fine lad of six years old was playing, somewhat listlessly, with some bricks at a low table neat tho window. Cloee to the fire sat a singularly stupid, heavy-looking girl, of seventeen or eighteen, in nurse's costume ; and on her lop was a pretty, fragile 1 little girl, wbo, I felt euro at onoe, must be Edith. Her eyes were unhealthily bright, two little .crimson spots burnt on her cheeks, her lips were parched, and she seemed to find it too great an exertion to hold up ber g bead. " Why, the little one is ill!" I cried. " She's never well," eaid Sarah, "and yet mister doe* not seem to know what ails her, and the powders he gives her do her more harm than good. She wants more air and exercise, to my thinking." Just at thlsmoment the castle ofbrickB which tho little boy was building fell to :ibe ground with*, terrible crash. "There," exdaimedJanfi, " now we shall b&ve; ybur pa upstairs aoomplaiuiug i>f the nitse ;and X shall catch it, as if it were mi I fault." | And.. indeed, before she had finished speaking, a quick step was beard on the stairs, tbe door opened, and l)r, Norman came into the room. He was a younger man than his sisters, and, lik« them, he had very prominent tceth.and was singularly ill- favoured. Unlike tbe two old ladies, who looked amiable and benevolent, bis expression, it struck me, was cruel and sly. He reminded me of a lean, hungry wolf on his search for prey. His clothes were unbrushed, his face' and hands not over clean, bis hair long and unkempt. To my great surprise ho Bliuicd his Bisters' nervous, frightened inaunor, as if he had undergono eomo great shock and apprehended its recurrence. " Surely this," I thought, " iB the very last man in tho world whom one would wish to have inn sick-rooin or by a dyinir bed." Xndced, I afterwards found that his practice was very small, and that only for an hour or two in the day did ho leave the dark, close room which he called iiis consulting room, though few indeed consulted him there. In this dismal den ho smoked unlimited cavendish, and drank far too much gin and water. He was evidently in a violent passion when he entered the nursery, but cooled down when he saw a strangor, " This is the new nurso, sir," said Sarah. " Then I hops the new nurse will prove supablo of keeping two children quiet, This room is over my own, and I am driven almost mad at times by noiEe, and especially by crashes." " Perhaps, Eir," said I, " some other room could bo used as u nursery. Children will make some noise over their play " " No, no, no," he answered petulantly. " You must, koep them quiot, I say. I won't have the house upset by changes Now, mind, children, that 1 hear no more noise to-day," and he literally snarled at them liked the wild animal lie reminded mc of. The little ones shrank from him, the boy turned pale, the liitlo girl began to cry. As soon as the man had left the room, I sent Jane to get tea, and taking Edith on my knee ond bidding her brother bring his etool to my feet, 1 told them the a'ory of " The Throe Bears." This, with tea and a quiet game or two, lusted us until bedtime I was a little surprised at tho dec-ping arrangements. I had quite anticipated having my two charges in the same room with we, but found that they were to sleep in a room within Sarah's at the back of the house, whilo X had a little chamber adjoiniug, but fucing the front. When X ventured to remonstrate Sarah Eaid quite piti fully : " The little ones have slept with vne ever since their mother left them, and X don't think they would like to be away from mc ; and I'm euro I should not liko to liavo them away. You see, miss, I have hid to be a mother to them." Of course, X could say no more ; but X mado Sarah promise to cull me at once if either of the children niled anything in the night, and especially Edith. Whether I was overtired with my journey or whether X did not feel completely satis tied with my new position, for almost tho first time in my life I failed to find sleep. The room was close and stuffy after my airy bedroom at home, and though the street inn quiet one, a carriage or cart eeemed to pass each time I was dozing off. I tossed from side to side, and at last got up, opened my window, drank some water, und straightened my bed. While 1 was up the clock of a neighbouring church struck twelve, and it bad hardly ceased when X heard the door of Sarah's room softly opened. X stepped out upon the landing anticipating a summons to little EdiLh. There was no one there, but Sarah's door stood open, so X crossed tbe landing and peeped in. The door of the inner room was directly opposite, and etood wide open, as Sarah had told me ehe had always left it. A night-light burnt in the children's room, and I could tee iuto it quite plainly. To my surprise and horror a tall, dark figure bent over Edith's bed, the figure of a woman, and though I could not seethe face X recognised it in a moment as that of my companion in the railway carriage. I rubbed my eyes to make sure that X was not dreaming, and then considered what I ought to do. Should I alaiui the house 1 X looked again. Sarah wae Bitting up in bed wide awake. She must be aware of the lady's presonce. Who was I that I should try to penetrato what was evidently some dark family mystery 7 X would wait a time, I decided, and watch carefully, and X would question Surah in the morniug. The dark lady did not linger long. Sho came out upon the landing with a perfectly noiseless step, and her veil drawn closely down. I drew back into tbe darkness. She descended the stairs, paused for a moment at the Doctor's door, then went down into the hall, and I heard the front door gently opened and closed. My nerves are not weak ones, but I own X trembled not a little as X crept back into my room and got into bed. Who could this mysterious stranger be ? Why did she wander about the house at night? What did ehe wont in the children's room ? X had read sensational novels, of course. Was I about to become the heroine of one f, But I was at length quite wearied out, and as these and similar questions passed through my mind, X fell into the sound, healthy slumber which so seldom failed me. When I awoke it was broad daylight, and Sarah was in tbe room. " I have brought you some hot water, miss," she eaid. " Thank you, Sarah," I replied, sitting up in bed ; " but please stop one moment. I want you to tell me who the lady in black was who camo into Edith's room last night and stood by her bed She coloured distressfully. »* Lady in black 1" ehe stammered ; " why, you're dreaming etill. Or, stay, perhaps one of the Miss Normans." " No, Sarah, it was not a Miss Norman, and youknowit. You were sitting up in bed, and must have seen and heard her. Who was it?" " Well, mis*, if you will know, it was the children's ownmamma." " But I thought she was dead ?" " So she is, but dead people walk sometimes." _ I looked afcberandburet into a laugh, " Do you really expect a fairly educated girl in this nineteenth century re believe such trash as that,Sarah t" I exclaimed. "If there are such things *B ghosts, they don't wear green glasses and open front doors." " Well, miss, I suppose you are wiser t'.m every one cite. 1 can tell you the 'iururB buforoyou believed in tho ghost, and ilint was tho real reason they left. Jane only M ays because ehe'eeucli a ttupid ; and, besides, she always s'eeps in t ho attic," But do the Doctor and tho Mils Norintuis boliove this nonsense ?" Yet, indeed they do, and ore wore scared than anybody clFe," And when I remembered their nervous manner and frightened looks, 1 felt that in this at least tho woman spoke the truth. Have they seen tho ghost, then ! " X wked. Surah licsiLated, but said at last ehe believed her mustor lind. Well," X said, nfier pausing to roBeet a while, " if the Doctor und his Motors know all, I dim'i sue that it. is my business to pry into this myttciy. Only I should sink in my uivn estimation if 1 let you suppose for moment t hat 1 believed the ludy t saw lurt night to he -Mrs. Nonnan'« ghost or upirit. 1 no more beliefs this than you da." X saw she could hnidly help smiling at this, and as sho wus leaving the loom X said 11 Ono word more. Are yuu sure this mysterious lady in block means no harm to the little ones ? " I -or' bless you, no, miss. What harm should niisiretf, dead or alive, do her own darlings! Why, rlie doled on them " Hut, remember," suid 1, " that I don't yet believe in this being your mistress ; und dcin-nd upon it, I shall be on the watch." CHAPTER Iir. Wcckf glided by, and I saw no more and heard no mnro of the mysterious lady in bluck. I settled down to iny new duue? tolerably comfortably. I found that 1 lind quite enough to .do, for when there was an npi>er nurno the girl Jnu'i had to holp both cook and linn^emuid. The old lodios were kind and friendly as possible, Sarah n capital spociinen of an old-fasliioned ser- .•niit, the children dncilo and nffcctiouair>. In fact., the only member uf the household I disliked w.-is the Doctor himself; but I or paw him unlot.s. the children mxdc a noise in the nursery, when lie would rush upstairs in one of his ruges, and use 11irtongue, and sometimes his hand, in a very crucl manner. As time went on 1 grew po'itivuly to hntc him: Edith* Ileal 111 was my great trouble and anxiety. She wns evidently pining for more air, liberty, aud exercise. I kept tbe window open HS much as pnssiblo, and look both children daily into the square gardens, of which, through the kindness of frionds, we had a key. But the weather did not ahvaya permit of this, and the children were hours and hours in tlic close, dark nursery; and Edith, being naturally a delicate child, drooped like a flower shut out from sunshine. I did my bet-t to amuse her in a quiot way, but a merry game of rompB was imliorsible on account of tho ogre in his den below. One favourite amusement was looking over and arranging again and again a drawer of little treasures. Ono of tliB chiof of these was a handsome uhotogiaph album given to the child by her mother, with Mrs. Norman's own photo on the first page- Though the absence of green glasses made a great difference, I was struck at once with the likeness to my travelling companion. I could not help fancying that, whoever this mysterious being might be, ehe wue still hovering near tie. I found one night on my drossing-table a letter directed in what was evidently a feigned hand, and on open* ing it X discovered a livo-pouud noLe, while on tho insido of the cover was written, " Pray continue to be kind to Edith." From whom, thought I, can this como but from her who first used those words to me? I closed tho cover again, wrote on tho outside: " Declined with thanks," and replaced it on my table. When I came up next day to prepare for dinner it wus gone. At length, one day Edith was unusually fretful. It was tuo hot to take the children out till evening, and nothing would satisfy tho little maid, who Bobbed and screamed incessantly. The Doctor came up three or four times, each time more angry ; and, at last, snatching tho child from my arms, be shook her aud slapped her unmercifully. Just at, that momont Sarah came into tho room, and to my surprise—for she had alwavB spoken moat respcotfully to him before—attacked her master like an old hen whose chickcu is in peril " I wonder you're not ashamed of yoursolf, eir," she said, " ill-using that poor, delicate babe in that way. and eho without a mother, too I Ah ! you'll bo seeing her again one of these nights. No wonder Bhe can't rest in her gravo when you treat her darlings so." I had always hoard that cruel people are tho greatost cowards ; but X was hardly prepared for tho Doctor, with merely a scowl of intense bitterness, walking out of the room like a whipped cur. Then 1 had a long talk with Sarah, and told her I feared I must give up the situation. 1 felt sure thut tho health of the children, and especially of Edith, was suffering from the constant restraint they were under. I could not prevent them from disturbing llr. Norman, and I would not see them ill-used by him. Someone else might manage belter, and I would seek other work, "Dou'tdo that," eaid Sarah ; " wait and see what happens. Thero may be u change beforo long." I suppose because X was worried and anxious, X wus that night again a long time in falling asleep. At last X fell into an uneasy slumber, but very -soon awoke, feeling suto that someone Was talking earnestly in SAruh's room. I listened .attentively, and watt couvinccd that it was so. Then I rose qniotJy and crept, without putting on my shoes, to the landing. A dark figure was just coming out of Sarali'a door. 1 knew it at onoe os the so called ghost. 1 watched her attentively, but without going furlhor towards her. Sho glided softly downstairs and disappeared in the darkness. Then I crossod the landiug and looked down ; it was qui e dnik, AU at onco n pale blue light lighted up the ttaiicftfe, turning all around to deathly line, and. now 1 could see plainly the figure of tho lady tfaindingat tho Doctot's door, She had laid aside her bonnet and spectacle;, her hair hung loose over ber shoulders, and she had in her hand come kind ol Jump which gave the blue light I iinvp described. I could see her face plainly for one moment, and felt sure from the photo iii Edith's book that it waB Mrs. Morrow, dead er alive. Softly sho opened the door of her hui» band's room and entered, closing it behind her. Then there fell upon tny ears the most horrible sound X ever heard, and X truBt and pray it may never be my lot to hear it again—tbe scream of a man in mortal terror. Should I ruBli down to the Doctor's room { Should X call Sarah ! Should I rouse the Miss Normans ? Surely they must be roused already by thut awful scream, for their room adjoined the Doctor's. While I hesitated,the door again opened, and the figure roupgieared. At the same moment one of the Mini Normans looked out of her door, gave a scream almost as H'ild as her brother's, shut the door and locked it ; and X heard the two ladlespoor, dear, timid souls I—sobbing pitifully within. Tho ghost appeared to have breath, for us soon as Miss Norman hod retirod, ehe quietly blew out her lamp, snatched something from tho table which etood on tho landing—her bonnet and glasses. 1 «u» |(0«cd—and again disappeared in the darkness, Xn anothor minute X hoard the ball door opened and shut. I crept back to my bed more pu7.d«d and anxious than ever, and that night I slept no more. CHAPTER IV. The children and I had hardly begun breakfast the ne&t; morning, when the Doctor bounced iuto the room, arrayed in an old green drcp&ing-gown.; I could not have believed that a single iglit, however terrible, could have so changed a man in appearance. His lone, eddish hair had turned grey, his eyes were bloodshot and liad dnik rings round them, his complexion was ghastly, and the auxioup, frightened expression X have nlludcd to had now becomo one of abject terror. I never saw a more pitiful and repulsive object. Tlie children shrank from him, expecting io bo scolded or ill-used. He took not the rlighti- st notice of them, but rddrcs^cd himself tome as if repeating a lessen he had h-nrnt. ' I think the children are not quite well, especially Edith A little change and sea air will do them good this hut weather. I will telegraph for some lodgings at Hastings which my sisters have sometimes occupic-d. I wish you to tako off the little ones by ihe first train you can get off by. Here is a live-pound note for the present., aud I will send you more." I was too much astonished to answer at ice ; and before X had recovered mvself, lie bad placed the note ill my hand, and hurried from the roam. The two old ladies, trembling and tearful, came to help me to pack,more inclined, it eeemed to me, to laugh than to cry, and thus I got oil by a morning train, and reached Hastings in tbe afternoon. The effect on little Edith WOK almost miraculous. She no sooner breathed r,he pure sea air, and was allowed to ruu as she liked on the esplanade, than sbe becume a new creature—laughed, shouted, and jumped like a mad girl ! Both she and her brother made a famous evening meal of tea and bread and butter, and then they soon became drowsy and asked to go to bed. Xt was with a thankfol heart that 1 laid lliem in clean white curtained beds in the same room as myself, and reflected that no dark, mysterious lady could that night iioverover them. The room faced the sea, und X set the two windows ajar. A coft southern breeze blew in, aud the lap, lap of tbe waves epunded most soothingly, fu less than ten minutes both little ones were fast asleep. Thon the old landlady crept upstairs—a kind, motherly body. Sbo stood by the oliildren'e bed and looked at them lovingly. "Ah, poor dears, and up mother you sav, nurse! They look pale little Londoners, and as if they wonted some of our fine sea air. I'll get them some fresh eggs tomorrow morniug for breakfast. And you too, mv dear," ehe went on to say, putting lier hand on my shoulder, " are not looking at all well. You have been doing too much —sitting up at night perhaps. Young folk s can't bear that. Now, do get-out a little this lovely evening, and sit in one- of our glass houses, or take a little wulk by yourlelf. You need not be afraid ro leave the little darlings. I'll not leave the room, and if thoy wake up they'll not be afraid of me Children nover are. I've bad seven myself." Looking on that glorious Bea, with the moon just rising, the temptation was too great to withstand. So I thanked tbe landlady, pat on my hat, and stepped across tho road to a gloss bouse which etood just opposite our lodgings. The exhilarating oea. air was beginning to have its effect upon me, too. Xt was long since I had felt so calm and happy, not siuce I had left my Derbyshire home. The evening was lovely, and tbe moon was beginning to make a golden pathway across the sea. X prepared myself for an hour's quiet enjoyment. But X wae not destined to bo undisturbed. Lookiug for a moment from the sea along the stone pavement which reaches St. LeonardV, X saw a dark figure approaching. As I watched it X felt that the atmosphere of mystery in which X had moved since X left homo was about to follow me to Hastings. Fori soon became certain that the figure was that of the dark lady. X nerved myself to stop and speak to her at any risk. But she did not nocd stopping. Slie came straight up to me, throw back her veil and held out her hand. " You know who I otn, I think !" she said. " Mrs. Norman, I believe," I replied ; " but please will you toll me whether you are dead or living t" She smiled sadly. " You have strong nerves, young lady, as I havo found before. Well, I um dead in Gower- street, but alive bore, I am just going to explain nil to you. But first let me tlijnk you with all my hcort for kindness to my darlings. You will tako no reward, I know "—X thought of the fivepound note—" but a mother's blessing can do no harm to anyone. Now, can you listen to a ttrange story ? Are you at liberty t" And 1 saw that roothet-like she was thinking of her children. " Yes," Ie^id, " lam quite at liberty, and at your service for the next hoar. The inislretB.of the house where we lodge is seeing to my nuisling*. Pray tell me, if you will, what oil this mystery means." She sealed herself by my eido—there was no one elee on tbe Mat—and then in a low, nervoii voioe,M if afraid of being over heard, »he told me the fulluwitif cxil ordinary ttory CHAITEK Y. " X married Dr. Norman some seven oi eight yeursngo. Strangeas it may seem to you who have seen him as lie is now, strange as it seamn to myself, it W:IH a love marriage On my side, though us I Imva sinco discovered there was little enough on his. " Ho thought that 1 fhiml'l iuve n large sum of money at my fatlier'n <Ient.li, aii'l when this happened, and iie found that there VV-IH comparatively little, lie wns miserably disappointed mid bitterly angry. At first he treated me with coltlnoss, then with actual ciut'lty. " I Soon found that ho hod a wealthy patient, an eccentric old laily. whom, but. for me, ho might have- man iod. And lie loved money dearly, and yet hud very small means. Vou know thaf. his practice is almost nominal, " Towards t he end of Inst summer his manner towards meohuru'ed. He treated m« much more kindly, and even showed mc «om« marks of affect iou. "At length toward,* the autumn he proposed that we should take a little tour abroad—'a second honeymoon' as lie cuMeti it. X was only too pleased to do so; for the children, 1 knew would be sarc and happy with Sarnh, and the Mise fcurmans lived close by. " The country he chose Spain. It was further off than I quite liked ; but I was so much delighted by his upparent return of afieetion that I objected to nothing. "Wetravelled from one place to another, and soon my iiuabund'a maimer altogether changed. Ho became eilcnt aud cold and, at times absent. X ashed him if he was well, or if Iliad offended him; but he said he uilcd nothing, and that X had done nothing to dNpleune him. Sometimes he WAS so abstractod and wild, that I began to be afraid his mind was giving way. " We came at last to an out-of-the-way town in the south of Spain, und put up at a quiot hotel there. At dinner he suddenly asked me if I felt ill. X answered with surprise that I was perfectly well. He did not teen) satisfied, and repeated the question more than once in the course of the evening. " ' You have a look of coming illness about you,' he said, when I went to bed ; I fear you may have caught somo fover or other in these not over-clean Spanish towns. X wish you would take some mcdiciue I have in iny portmanteau X really think you might keep off a serious illness." "Partly to please him, and partly because his questions had made me nervous, I at last consented. When I reached my bedroom X looked in the gloes, but could not see that X locked in tbe least ill. "My husband camo up when I was in bed felt my pulse, tested my temperature, and looked at my tongue. Then shaking bis head gravolv, ho admmiutored his draught. Immediately afterwards I fell into an deep sleep. " When I woke the hot Spanish sun was shining full into the room. The landlady was standing by tho bedside, and with her a young gontleman who louked liko an English doctor or medical student, " ' She is roused at last,' ho cxcloimed j • 1 thouirht sho would never wake again.' And the good Spanish landlady shed tears of joy. "But, oh, how illl felt! My head seemed tplit in two, my limbs felt as if tliey did not belong to ins, What time is it ?" I asked. "Half-past tlirne in the afternoon, Did yon think you had Mept to long ? But what have you been taking ? \ our hug. baud has been gone tlieeo six hours, and left word that you wore to folluw him. He evidently did not know your state." " • Jly husband gone I' I cried. ' Gone where ?' " And ill as X was I started up in hel. The state or the room revealed tho terrible truth. My husbaud had tried to murder mc, nnd had left me for dead. "Ho hud taken all the valuables lie could find—my watch, jewels, puri=e. Only my clotbos were left, and he had carefully destroyed ovory letter or mark which could show who I was. " As soon as I was able to tell my suspicions, and tho young doctor had con vinccd himself that I was not wandering in my mind, he treated me with the utmost kindness. •* He and a young friend had providen tially been staying at tlio hotel, and tho landlady, finding that X did not wako, and that she could not rouss toe, had applied to bim. He much wi'hed to set tlio police on my huEband'e track, but to this X strongly objoctei. " I bad already made my plans. I was not without moans, for, as I nevor felt entire confidence in Dr. Norman, I had money stitched in'o my dress of which he did not know. I determined to return directly to England, and I earnostly entreated that noihing might be said or put into tho papers about -what had happened. Tbe young doctor somewhat reluctantly undertook to arrange this with the landlady. In fact, from not understanding English, she hardly understood tlio state of the ease. My husband, no doubt, believed me dead, and does to this day." I know not how X escaped. Per- haps the drug he gave was less strong than he thougliL it vas. My great object now was to protect my children without making myself known. firmly resolved never again to live with Dr. Norman, and yet I feared that when I was. removed ho might be unkind to tlio little ones. Aftor consideration I took a quiet, cheap lodging not far from Gowor-stroet, and bought for myself the disguise in which you now eee me. I took Sarah into tny confidence, and with her help and by means of a latch-key X had in my pocket,I liBvebeen in the habit of payine visits to my darling* from time to time. Some of tho foolish women ongaged as nurse* happened toioe mo as you did, and left in conxcquence. The children themselves neve.r oncc *woke. Had thoy done so they were so eccustomed to my comiiig to their bedsides at night in old days that I do not think they would liavo been alarmed. " Sarah was. to tell me of any unkindness to them on their father's part. Tor some time he took no notice whatever of them, but then began to complain of the noise they made above his head. In addition to his other amiable qualities be bat a most violent temper.and when this got the better of him he would ruth up to the nursery and ebake or strike tbe children in a very crael manner. He bad found upon bit y . i.iini home that the ricn m>1} neeentiiis p Mem, fur \WtovT n d Jnubt not he had , l ied in munler nl-J. Had during his absence ni irrieii her but ler, and this did not tend to miiko him inoi'i; placid. Hi» sisters, whom lie per.-uuded to live with bim, are, as you know, ns weak at they are aminble, and are completely nn.ier his thumb. X felt that mnething niu»t be 'lone. " 1 had found out. while with him that of ill supcratitioui< cowards ho is the worst. I dcK-rnilnpd, therefore, on a bold step. I bought a lump, vhicli shed a most ghastly tight ; and tinned with this, with my hair down, and in my long black dress, I ventured to enter his room. I stood by his bod( and said These wordsin a deep awful voice i B kind to Edit.li.' "The experiment was entirely successful. Till: detpicablo fool literally shrieked with Lcrror, nor <lid lie teem to doubt for one moment that he caw tho spirit of hia murdered wife. " For some time lie gave me no occasion to repeat my visit. He seldom indeed wenb near the uursery. Of late Sarah has again complained of his conduct to the little ones. Yesterday ehe told me of hie roughness to liditb ; and X determined to give bim another lesson. Lastnight X again went intohis room and nearly terrified the wretch to death. I again only bado bim : ' Be kind to Edith.' " Xt was quite enough, it would seem, for beyond my most sanguine expectations he lias sent you down here with her and the boy. As soon as Sarah told me of your Bight I packed a few things and followed by the next train. This is the whole of my curious story, and no doubt it will explain all that baa puzzled you." CHAPTER IV. When Mrs. Norman bad finished speaking we both kept silence for a upace. I was lookingat tbe golden pathway made by the moon on the sea, and contrasting tbe peacefulness of the scene with the fierce passion of greed, cruelty, and revenge of which ehe had been telling me. At last I said : 'May X ask, madam what you purpose to do now!" She laughed hysterically. " 1 am going to inflict ono more punishment on tbe wretch—the cowardly wretch wbotn I no longer call my husband. Tomorrow morning he receives a letter from the dead-letter office." What can you mean, madam ! " I mean that I am going to write the words which terrify so much on very deep mourning pkper, and let him get it with the rest of his letters to-morrow morning." ' But he will see Lhe post- mark at. once.* It will not go through the pout. Sarah will place it in the letter-box during the night." But do you really think he will be alarmed at this, or believe the letter to be supernatural ?" Oh, yon don't half know what a miserable cowa> d he is. Besides you must remember that he is quite as much afraid of me alive as dead." Well, I dissuaded her as much as possible, for the scheme seemed to me both wild and cruel. But I eoon found that she was not to be moved. In fact, I iiad begun to fuspeet strongly that, although nothing could justify Dr. Norman the uubappiness of his married life might not be altogether owing to his fault. His wife showed a hard revengeful spirit, and great wilfulness and obstinacy. She was herself a strong minded woman, and had an utter contempt for weakness in any shape, so that I could well imagine that her husband's life with her had not been free from thorns, I saw nothing of her the next day, which parsed quietly and happily. The children appeared literally to drink in health and vigour with the sea breezes. On the following morning when we wore sitting in the glass house, the landlady came across with a telegram. It was from Mies Norman. " The Doctor dead. Break it to the children gently.' 1 l'oor children ! They were not likely to be much affected. They had tittle cause to love and mourn their father. Yot they looked grave, and Edith even shed a few quiet tears. Not so their mother, who joined us in an hour or two. Sho received the awful intelligence completely unmoved. "The Doctor always suffered from disease of the heart," 6he eaid, " and no doubt my letter gave him a fatal shock. Well, he deserved the gallows, and has got off cosily. The world is rid of a most despicable scoundrel. I do not pretend to mourn him." I turned from her in disgust, and yet she was a woman of strong aflections, had she been more fortunate in the object on which she bestowed them. Her meeting with the two children was truly affecting. She strained them, and especially Edith, to her heart again and again, and seemed as if she could not enjoy enough the endearments for which no doubt 6he had so long hungered. My ttory is finished. Dr. Norman's death had hapjiened as his wife supposed. On opening the letter from her, he turned deadly pale, put hie hand to hi* heart, and fell from hie chair. Ho nevor spoke again. His sisters naturally declined to live with his widow. Sho took a small house in a northern suburb, Rnd tbey returned to their old lodgings. I, too, declined to livo with Mrs. Norman, as she much wished me to do. I never could be with her without feeling tbat I was in some supernatural, or at all cventB, some uncanny presence. Betide*, her character, as portrayed by herself, was not ono which commanded my admiration or esteem. I soon found another situation in iiondon, and am in it still. Edith aud the boy sometimes como and tee me, and Sarah is etill their mothere right baud. Mrs. Norman gave me at parting a very hand>ome book, on the fly-leaf of:which she had written : In grateful recognition of .great kindness shown to Edith." Jimmy You're afraid to fijhtvthkt's what it is. ' Thomas: No, I ain't.; but if t Sght my mothcrll know lick me. Jimmy: How trill sbo findoat, cb P Thomu; tslioll see tbe doctor goine to your liouss, Certain scientists say tbat Mais it like Holland. He inhabitants appear to have drained the whole of tbe sorlue as a tasiuuraof protection against eneroaohiug .intern, which threaten MI invasion when BammerVhnt adti the polar ioe anA iMWi 