Ottrarp CbiKDat RECEIVED.—From Geo. Robertson & Go.—"Life of Gladstone," Justin McCarthy; " Development of Australian Literature," Turner and Sutherland; "Real •Ghost Stories," W. T. Stead ; "At the Tail of the Hounds," Mrs. Edward Kennard; "A Knight of the Nets." Amelia E. Barr; " The King with Two Paces," M. E. Coleridge; and " The Fourth Napoleon," •Charles Benham. From E. S Wigg & Sons.—Foster's complete "Hoyle;" "The Foundations of Success," S. de Brath; *' The Foreigner in the Farmyard," E. E. Williams; and "Those Dreadful Twins." From E. W. Cole.—" British and Foreign Novels," Percy Russell. Henry Gyles Turner, Melbourne banker with a hankering for literature, and Alexander Sutherland, M.A., author and schoolmaster, are deserving well of the thoughtful section of the community for " The Development of Australian Literature," published by Geo. Robertson & Co. Dedicated to their wives, commended to the reading public, and submitted to the critics with "becoming deference," the yelping pack of the last-named present and to come, will rend and tear and praise or blame as the book runs its initial gamut. The latest of its kind, a perusal reveals it as the best extant. A lack of index blemishes it, and later editions will be improved by the mention of Barcroft Boake and A. T. Chandler among the versifiers, and E. W. Hornung among the novelists. Guy Boothby is made to tell us that the pursuit of story-telling pays handsomely, while Louis Becke pathetically hints at the reverse side of the picture. G.B.'s weird phantasmagorias are summed up as the outcome of " vivid imagination, large experience of travel, and a daring disregard of probabilities from which the stunned reader emerges with the sensation of having been the victim of an opium debauch." The book is far before Desmond Byrne's " Australian Writers," and with the elaborate biographies of Gordon, Kendall, and Marcus Clarke it is replete with interest. "Real Ghost Stories," in Bell's Colonial Library are reprinted from Stead's defunct " Borderland." In the vol. before us there is much that is probable, much that is mystical, and much nonsensical. " Ghosts," the author says, " are not things to be played with and he might have added " mental aberration is on the threshold of lunacy." Haunted castles, parsonages and mills, ghosts of the living, ghosts of the dead, second sight, apparitions, phantoms, dreams and dreamers are discussed with a familiarity that breeds contempt. Stead writes entirely on the assumption that a future life is proven absolutely,' sceptics notwithstanding. Dogmatists ever argue to their own standing, and let those outside go hang. Australian writers. Items : — Hornung's latest, " Young Blood," will be published by Cassell & Co.. Ada Cambridge has just finished " Mater Familias;" as usual, it will appear in England first. Alex Montgomery's " The Sword of a Sin" will be launched under the <egis of Geo. Robertson & Co.; similarly will Ernest Favenc's " New Standard Geography of Australasia." M. E. Coleridge's "King with Two Faces," (MacMillan's Colonial Library), might well be curtailed with advantage. The description of the court of Marie Antoinette and the salon of the celebrated Madame De Stael lend historical verisimilitude to the story without much relevancy. The military triumphs of King Gustavus are well told, and the intricacies, and sycophancy at the court are trenchantly handled, while the machinations of the construing triumvirate, A B and C, sustain the attention of the surfeited shallow-pate or the earnest reader to the end. Forthcoming are Conan Doyle's " The Confession," L. T. Meade's " On the Brink of a Chasm," Miss Braddon's " Rough Justice," and D. Christie Murray's "A Cockney Columbus in America and Australia" (the inevitable globetrot hash), and a novel, " Despair's Last Journey." Zangwill's " Cleo the Magnificent" has b§en secured by Heinemann. Louis Becke is at present writing (in collaboration with Walter Jeffery, the Sydney journalist) a new "Life of Admiral Phillip" for publication in the " Builders of Greater Britain" Series. Justin McCarthy, the ever-busy, has strayed again into the by-paths of biography with " The Story of Gladstone's Life," of which Geo. Robertson Co. hold the publishing rights for the Colonies. The book is pleasant reading, for the writer is a skilful craftsman, and one rises from its perusal with the feeling that many things have been learned about the G.O.M.—things that have not appeared in other books. Gladstone is one of the notable links of a fast dying past; he deifies still the moribund ideas " that every State must have a conscience, and with the conscience must profess a State religion." Fancy the latter in Australia! " Hoyle " practically means an Encyclopaedia of Indoor Games, and Foster's "Hoyle" is original from cover to cover, dealing with all indoor pastimes from one hundred and fifty years ago to the present. The treatment-is systematic and uniform, and technical terms are accompanied by a full definition of their meanings. I have never handled a better book of its class. The author asserts he has made a life-long study of his subjects. In the section on Cards he is a " Carl Hertz"—in printer's type. From Wigg's " The Foundations of Success" sets out a plea for rational education, taking Herbert Spencer as a text. It is a handy little volume which, after allowing for the difference in population of Great Britain and the Great South Land, contains much food for schoolmen and thoughtful parents. " The Foreigner in the Farmyard" preaches protection for the British Agriculturist. In this the talented author of " Made in Germany" again handles his facts with forensic keenness. It is a very valuable brochure for students of economics. Bosen and Middy, "Those Dreadful Twins," are two healthy young rips who detail their adventures written by " Themselves." " Themselves" is a tarradiddle; the guiding hand of the adult peeps out too often. To appreciate the book, which is reminiscent of Ethel Turner, the dignity of paternity must be attained, but THE CRITIC, arguing hypothetically, avers that it both likes and admires the youngsters—the bigger the scrape the better the liking. Hall Caine dearly loves novelty. Advices by last mail bill him as doing Rome, taking tea with the Pope, and attending private Masses at the Vatican. The answers to correspondents are unavoidably held over. NOTE.—THE CEITIC desires right here to thank the Bookmen of Adelaide for their hearty co-operation and assistance so cheerfully rendered in the production of " Literary Chit-Chat," now firmly established as a feature of its pages.— ED. benefit to herself, she naturally feels grateful when she discovers a remedy that almost miraculously, as it seems, succeeds where all others have failed, and in a short space of time relieves her completely from her troubles and places her in the front rank of happy and healthy girls. This has precisely been the case of Miss Petrea Peterson, of Featherson, North Island, New Zealand. In a communication to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., she explains her sufferings at length. " I am 19 years of age," she says, 4t and ever since I was 15 I have been suffering mote or less." Palpitation of the heart was her principal trouble, she states, and this was induced by anaemia, or poorness of the blood. •' When, for instance," she continues,'' I ran upstairs my heart used to thump most frightfully against my sides, and so bad was it that on these occasions I was unable to talk for some time afterwards. This was naturally a source of considerable anxiety to my family and friends. Night after night I tossed, weary and worn-out, on my bed, trying vainly to sleep. At times, too, I had fearful attacks of cramp in my legs, and so great was the agony that frequently it caused me to scream out in very desperation, to the despair of those around. I was always in a weak, low state, and, of course, never felt fit for work. My legs, too, would at times swell up to a considerable extent, and this naturally occasioned myself and my mother great suspense. Thus, as I grew older I became worse aud worse, being subject also to periods of giddiness, which many a time caused me to almost fall down. I tried plenty of medicines, and I had several doctors, one after the other, but they gave me no relief. I also consulted three doctors regarding an affliction of the eye from which I suffered. Having almost given up my case as hopeless I one day noticed an advertisement for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People in the Evening Post. Gathering hope from this, in June, 1897,1 commenced taking your pills strictly according to directions. After the third dose, to my surprise, I found a change for the better. I continued with them until I, bit by bit, improved so much that four months ago I left them off altogether. I have taken a total of nine boxes, and am now in every way in the most perfection of condition. Insomnia, weakness, giddiness, heart palpitation, cramps, and swellings in the legs have all disappeared, and the affection in my eye has likewise ceased. As there has been no recurrence of these ailments at all during the past four months, it is evident that my cure is a permanent one. Your pills have absolutely cured me, and I always keep some by me. I feel fit for my work and for anything. My mother thinks the world of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and she has tried several boxes herself. I am awfully thankful to them, and I have recom mended them to all my friends. Four of them speak exactly as £ do of the pills, aud caunot praise them too highly, I shall always continue to recommend them. I am well-known here, and numbers of people have been watching my case with interest, You may make whatever use you like of this testimonial." As a summer medicine Dr. Williams' Pink Pills far surpass all other remedies. Their action on the blood and nerves is prompt, and their effect is wonderful. Lassitude gives way to a feeling of renewed energy, and the lurking seeds of disease are speedily expelled from the system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are not a patent medicine, but are a thoroughly scientific preparation, the result of years of careful study on the part of an eminent Edinburgh University physician, and they were successfully used by him in his everyday practice for years before being offered for general sale. They are a perfect blood builder and a nerve restorer, curing such diseases as rheumatism, neuralgia, partial paralysis, locomotor ataxia, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, general debility, nervous prostration, the after affects of la grippe, influenza, and severe colds, diseases depending on humours in the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c.; Pink Pills give a healthy glow to the pale and sallow complexions, and are a specific for all troubles to the feminine system, such as anasmia, poor and watery blood, female irregularities, &c.; In the case of man they effect a radical cure in all cases arising from mental worry, over- work, or excesses of any nature. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are sold in boxes bearing the firm's trade mark and wrapper (printed in red ink). Experiencing any difficulty in obtaining the genuine Dr. Williams', send direct to the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Sydney, who will forward (post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order), one box for 2s. 9d., or half-a- dozen for 15s. 3d. 