i WBtiCWBSUMI f On Sunday last services were held for I he first time in the Bible Christian hurch since the compledon necessitated by the recent fire, which did serious damage to the roof and woodwork, and also destroyed the adjoining schoolroom. We must congratulate our Bible Christian Friends on the friendly and substantial help which they obtained to assist them out of their difficulties, so that in so short a time they were enabled to put the building in repair. Thus the services on Snnday took the form of thanksgiving. Indeed, they were practically joyful home-comings to the members, who have been holding service in ihe Masonic Hall. The church has been fitted up as formerly, and when finally completed, the only evidence of the conflagration that will remain will bean augmented debt and a " minus schoolroom. Three services were held—in the morning and afternoon, the preacher being the Rev J. R. Osborne, of Wunghna, who spoke from the words " And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost," in the morning, and from the well-known text " For God so loved, etc." in the afternoon. In the evening the Rev W. L. Fenton preached. The church was crowded at all the meetings, and the choir was supported by several members of other local choirs. The Rev Mr Fenton based his remarks on the last clauses of the 6th, 41st and 42nd verses of Matthew xn, " But I say unto you that in this place is one greater than the temple: and behold a greater than Jonas is here; and behold a greater than Solomon is here," and in his usual eloquent and forcible manner expressed words of kindness and encouragement to the congregation. He showed that the temple of Solomon, constructed as it was I of materials good and costly, with gold I and silver in abundance, and decorated with all manner of precions stones, yet, though the building was so beautiful and elaborate, withal a greater than Jonah or Solomon dwelt therein, even God himself. Solomon was wise and great, had extensive and valuable dominions, yet even Solomon erred and sinned, as did Jonah. In worship they must not set too great a love on the building, but upoa God who iiihabitetb it, and is at all times to be found and communed with therein. In conclusion he expressed the wish that the congregation might prosper exceedingly in their new church, and that the future might bring to them seasons ol joy and gladness in the ordinances of God's house. 