lALt L lIGHTS RESERVED.] BLACK JACK OF WILLARD'S CHASE. Willard's Chase, part of the New Forest, which at one time embraced half Dorset, Hampshire, and Wiltshire, is full of hills, which towards Dorsetshlire, turns to bare downs, with hero and there a becch of clump trees and dwarf oaks on i knoll, andti a sun ken line that indicates an ancient British pathway or an old Rtoman road leading to the coast. Up a low grassy track, called in Wiltshire, " amlrives," and round a shoulder of the rolling down where three lines of grassy ram part showed that a ltosnan camp had once stood there, upon a September evening a few jears ago, a young fellow wended his way slowly and thoughtfully, and in a deep reverie. A sturdy keeper-the wandercr had his gun on his shoulderaud his dog at his heels. He was a fine well built young son of .Britain of about two or three and twenty, his face shrewd and defiant, his step firm and light. His brown velvet sholting jacket was worn nlmost white oa the right shoulder, whilst the gray felt hat he had thrust rather jauntily on one side of his head, bore traces of hard service in many a storm. There was a peculiar half- smile on his face that evening-an expectant kind of glance. as he scanned the woodlands and copses scattered here and there below him. Suddenly a little figure ran round a ring of Druidical stones, and waved a handker chief. The young man started and held up his gun, and then like a deer bounding down into the hollow was met at its base by a laughing rosy-checked girl. Fair-haired and blue-eyed, the young maiden betrayed no sign of alarm as the sturdy handsome young keeper caught her in his arms. "You are late, Harry for sure," she ex exclaimed, in reply to a dozen kisses bes towed on her pretty lips as red as cherries. " A nice gallant lover ! I'm ashamed of you,sirl Iventuredon the way and yet you've only just come up. Thought you'd have met me in the deep hollow copse. 1 hid behind thewitches' oalk.thinking to jump out upon you like a ghost ! " A very substantial ghost, Hetty. Would make a ghost many a fellow would give some thing to be haunted by, I swear." More kisses here followed, which extorted an ejaculation of "Do-a-done, Harry." " Say, Hetty," at length exclaimed the ardent lover in a serious tone, " have you heard there was another buck killed last night by the River Oak 7" "But that was not your walk last night, " Harry." " No; you remember I told you old Teddy Jukes would exchange with me. It's that ruffian, Black Jack, again. I owe him a debt, and would give a year's wages to have my fingers laced about his throat. I'd strangle him and save the hangman trouble later on." " Oh, Harry, don'tl Pray don't look like that. You look-you look-downright ugly, thiere !" "I can't help it, dear, I get so savage when I think of that villain's crime a year ago. When killing his victim he got off by a too lenient sentence of manslaughter. Now, listen to me, Hetty." The young fellow. taking the pretty little dimpled hands of his \- -..- -- c..n his onwn,ere eat her down bside lht..., ~ ie-g.mee. " You put me in mind now, Harry, of the judge at the 'Sizes. Whatever is the matter ? Oh, I do feel so frightened, sure!" exclaimed the girl, laughing loudly, showing a set of teeth that glistened like pearls in her ruby little rosebud mouth. " Don't laugh, Hetty, dear, for I want to talk seriously to you," said herlover, assitill holding her hands firmly clasped within his own, hlie looked fondly into her bright blue eyes. " Now tell me, dearest, did you men tion to anyone that I and Teddy Jakes are going to change walks ? The poachers and deerstealers have heard of it, and they can do what theylike with Jakes when they on00 get him to the Pyed Bull; you know what a drunkard he is: you know how he drinks." : "Am I on my oath-really to tell you the .. honest truth, and nothing but the truth ?" cried the laughing girl, as she shook her :lover's hand up and down. " " You must tell me the truth-yes, ioetty." "And you won't boe cross or angry ?" :" How could I lie with yeu, darling ?"' " Well, then, I did tell about the walk:i being~ hanged, but I can't tell you :who that party was I mentioned it to.' - " But I must know who was your confi daiintHett; I cando' inothiig without this '-informatibh.." '" Pell, it wasn't a deer-stealer, Harry,and .it wasn't Black Jaick.". `" Don't supgoso it was, pot; but seriously, it is no laughing matter to me. If this thing goes on I shalloso mylehuracter ewitih Lord Rivers, so 'you' mdst be explicit 'with nie, my dear girl, for I must. get a lne to these' vagabonds." " Isl I tiell you, Harry?" There was a sorrowful, regretful ton uin the voice of the maiden' now. " If you love me; Hety, y'n will telI mo the truth. , "And you won't be cross with me?" :: "Cross:, with you, pet?-no. .I am con vinced it was the knowledge of the change lost us.that buck last night. ,Tell me at once Swho ybu mentioned it to." " Can't you guess, Harry, dear?" S" y'e niot thie faintest idea, hetty." " Well, it wits to mly brother Lukhe2" raid •thef girl;, ll ts? mirth dying out of hlerfucie .-' Your brother!" g~i~u d her' lover his ,hand shiiking so that hie almost dropped his gun. ' " The. Pyed Bull is Luke's favourite hIunt, and 'ti thiere the poaclhing gang meet i'~e long ;suspected." . Yes; anndmy brotler, the same as Jakes, is ever craving for drink, IIHarry, and I sup pose hlie let out lwhat I told him when hlie was Sintoxicated." "' Without a dtloubt, Hetty! Poor Luke! scarce more than a boy,lhis love of liquor will be his ruin; hIs case is worse tihan Jake., : the latter is an old maon. Iowcver, this Swill be a caution to yo!l, dtarlisg, not to repose confidence in your brother a:sisn. * When the wine's is thie wit's out,' nld this holds good witlh ltrong ales. Asdi now I'll tell you another secrt, dear one,"-with a hurried kiss the young man moved to go " Teddy Jlakes acdl I do not change to-night; we have orders from the ranger to retain our usual posts. So if the poachers are up to .tny more mischlief, they'll coma to grief. lslind, HIetty, not a word, cev!lt to tile vey air. Good-bye, my swee:t iet, I wish I could go back with you, hut 1 eatlnot." "And is this the way you ;re ,oint, to leave me ?" [outed the yount1 beauty. " It is almost a maater of life sild death, Hetty, and if you love Ine ytoa wouldnst wish to keep me. I shall see or Ihear of tle deer stealers at the l'yed Bull, and shtall thIen know what to do." " Oh, do not go after themu, litrry. Ilack Jack will klll you; hlie fcars ntthing." " No more do I, HIetty, there. Good bye, love;don't cry, don't be foolishl" he ex \- : holameas now clasped her in his arms; " I'm on the track of the gang, now. Wish me success, dear girl." " I do, Harry, I do; but, oh I I have an awful feeling of something terrible about to happen." And now, as the young keeper boiuuded away, Hetty eank down upon tire grass, weeping and suobbing in a very par oxysm of grief and alarm. A sharp run ncruss the downs meanwhile, soon broughtthe young keeper to a hilly spot that conunanded a good view around and a clear sight of the inn, the Pyed Bull, known by woodmen many a mile away. Standing on thue summit of the hill, his eyes bright and keen, Harry discerned four men congregated at the door of the inn, all of whom were pointing across the road to a high field near a wood on the opposite side. A few minutes after the astute and deter mined keeper had reached the little village public house, and making his way into the bar as he had suspected, found seated with some half-dozen loafers, his fellow keeper, the old man, Teddy Jakes, who, half drunk, was shouting olt the scraps of n hunting song. By the lire, with his back to the door, sat a stalwart lad. Iletty's reprobate brot her, in close confabulation with a short, red, bearded man, a well-known comrade of the noted desperado and ppoacher Jack Ingle dew, or Black Jack 'ns he was called. " Why, blessed if Harry Dudley ain't jined us," cried the inebriated Jakes, who. staggering forwards, clapped his companion on the back, exclaiming, in thick, guttural accents: "We've had the ranger here, Harry, boy, swearing about that buck that was killed yesterday. I did'at let out as it war Black Jack's doings, though; Jack always squares it with me, Harry, and so he will with you." " I'll square with him, Jakes, by putting him in a hole he won't get out of in a hurry!" muttered the young keeper, with frowning brow. " Don'tee meddle with 'un, Harry: he's a dead shot, and lie's sworn he'll kill the first man who lays hands on him. He said it of you lad, not half an hour ago in this veryy bar." " Hal yon've had the rullian here, then, as I suspected, and hes ' now away in Audley Woods, but I'll have him!" cried the young keeper, as with flashing eyes he nade for the door. The half-drunken crowd, along 'with the affrighted Jakes, now endeavoured to keep the excited young man back, but, shaking them off, HaIrry Dudley was out at' the door, down tile road, and flying towards the adja cent woods in a moment of time. This place, Audley Woods and WYalk, was a favourite haunt of the deer, being full of coverts and lurking places, and full of leafy holly, the deer's favourite food. The scattered woodlands and copses abounded in hazel and young beech, and the fern grew thicker on the slopes and round the hedgerows than in other parts of the deep woods. Gaining, after half-an- hour's sharp walk ing, some higb ground, Harry, casting his eye towards an hedgerow. perceived two men walking slowly by the side of it,' one, as far as he could distinguish at such a disatnce, carrying a gun. With comprsesed lips and knitted brow the enraged young keeperatood for amoment glaringat the two poachers,and then withount further hesitation darted oft in pursuit of them. Past six o'clock there was only a dim, shadowy light inthe woods,' and it was with in sight, to his chagrin the poachers pre sedtly both disappearing through a gap in a tall, thick hedge. Riglt ahead he now unhesitatingly rushed, and in a few moments was in the gap, and brushing away the hazels, to his amaze, almost butted against a man who was quietly standing smoking a pipe, with his hands in his pockets. The shrewd young keeper fancied he could detect the device. The fellow so unconcernedly smoking his pipe was screening and covering his mate on ahead, and that other man, Harry intuitively felt, was the rullian he wanted-the deer stealder who'lad sworn to taksehis life-the poacher, Black Jack ! The daring young keeper.resolved imme diaely upon his course There was a great prize to win, whatever the'risk might be. Brushling past the fellow with the pipe (who grumbled something sullenly), Harry hurrmedon. resently. after gaining a sor or stubble field, he could discern nothing of the man with the gun, but dashing on reck lessly now, for his blood was up, he caught sight at last of someone creepingalong under a hedge about fifty yards ahead. "A.. loud mocking laugh now woke up the stillhessof the scene, and in another moment the creeping figure had started up. A giant of a man over six feet, with volu minous black beard and whiskers shrouding big mdhnigany-tinted visage, menacingly conu frooted the gamnekeeper, a gun pointed directly'at his bead. With a thrill Harry Dudley, as the deadly tube was presented at him, raised his own riflH to hisshoulder, but, before he could take aim at hIis deadly foe, a sharp crack was fol lowed by a whistling ping over his head, a streak as of flame rassing across Iis scalp, whilst his felt hat whirled away like a wisp of straw. Staggering back with the idea that he was mortally hit, the young keeper was saved from a second discharge by tumbling into a small hollow. : Again now that mockling, jeering laugh rang in thenir, and thee as Harry rose partly on Ihis feet, muscular arms wound around his chest with the strength inod hug of a grizzly bear.. Having made tire discovery a second of time before that the bullet of tire murderous poacher had only grae(d his scalpl,he now pre pared in wild, fierce rage for a struggle to the death with his enemy. Not a word was spoken by thire infuriated arntrgonists. TIre stalswart young keeper knew that Ihe in rage and tdesperation lie struggledl in tile eumbrace of tire bloodtlhirsty poacher, trhe renowned all! merciless ttlck Jarck. A. liractised wrestler, Harry Ihehl hris own until his brutal and Iferocious anuta'gonist with hlis Ileavy-tippedl boots kiciked at his legs. lslashing thire fllvih a:t every lunge as thoughlr it ]lad been cut with a reaping hook.l. h'ot content with this hiarrarors feat, as both come to tire groundl, the ldeer-slayer, withir a savage Ihowl,lixerd hris teeth like a bull dog into thire nreck of hiis adversary. Sick rand faint fromr loss of blood anl tihe tieree strlrggle, larry lhad nearly lost all con sciorrrness, is slocked ill thire other's Lrnad cul bIrace, hire iresently fell with himr into a deep. dark relrt or hole in tire eartl. Girlry and bruisedl, releasedl from the deadly grip of hris mad foe. Harry remrainedl for somrre mrinutes witI thire samo sorrt of feeling one has upon awrikerlineg frol a bad dlreamnl. Tile first thing that rousedl him to iris full senses w:m tle astrange quietude of hiis fierce .Anrr Ilore, as lie pushed away from his brerast one of those murderousl hurce hocir i thatrt had gripiled himir so tenacirously shirrtly before, hie started up with a cry of irhorror. Tie Ihand hie thrust awiey had felt very culd to his touch. Iad felt like a IhandI of thire d;ead. There as only a faint pale light ir the wsell like c:lavity, and, Etoopi ig d,,wn quite clo.se to thire dtoubled up hearp rreie himrr, If arrv perceived in a rnorolenrrtiraLthe was alolre willr ILyiug in abent 1'ositio., hris face ar ghastly blue anrd purple. Ulack Jack, thie ldels-Irado ;nld poacher, lrid beenl triCein .udhrderrllr out of life. His race was rui; his lrurderrous attack upon thie youni alll-keeter hIris last Yratling underneath thire body ef hiis youth ful UnLtagoist, Blatrck J;ck haid brkt'r his rerk--had gone to hIis ar crulrt with all hris sins upon hiris Ihead anirrl in the attempt to commit another deed of blool. (The End.) 