SHORT GUTS TO FORTUNE. A Long Island (New York) man is building now a curious submarine vessel, with which he proposes to scour the floor of the ocean in search of treasures. The ' vessel (writes the Westminster Gazette) will be 80ft. long. From a preliminary account of her we gather that the surface buoyancy. \?ill be overcome by means of heavy weights ? attached to long wire cable connected with drums at either ends of the vessel. By the operation of these drums the vessel will be drawn to the bottom of the sea. Running fore and aft are axles with broad-tired ' ?wheels, which are connected with an electric motor. 'In this way,' we are told, 'The ship will be transformed into a vehicle ' — a sort of electric motor for the , benefit of the numerous mermaids, one may suppose. It would be useless to go into farther details regarding the construction of this peculiar ship vehicle. Suffice it that the inventor believes in it, and has con vinced himself further that by this means he will become rioher than the Vanderbilts In twelve months. He has a carefully pre pared list of treasure ships lost since the days of Drake, and the latitude and longi tude of the spots where they are supposed to rest beneath the waves. He will first make a b^e-line for L'Orient, which was finnk bv Nelson at the battle of the Nile. She had a large amount of jewellery and plate, and £600,000 in specie aboard. Then he will look for the wreck of the De Braak, lost off the Delaware in 1793, with . a great amount of Spanish specie and bullion. On his list is also the Golden Gite, sunk off Hatteras in the early fifties, and simply filled with gold from California. Only a few weeks ago we heard of the organisation of two American expeditions — one to recover the chests of Spanish doubloons said to have been buried on San Miguel Island, oft Santa Barbara, on the Californian coast, by the crew of a Spanish vessel wrecked in that neighborhood many years ago ; and the other to search for pirate treasure hidden on the Island of Grand Terre, in Barataria Bay, Louisiana, by one of the sentry who in the long ago made the West Indies their homing \- ground, and who retired to the quiet caves which abound between the Mosquito Coast and South Florida, when they desiretf a rest or when pursuers became importunate. The last expedition was associated with the pirate Jean Lafitte, who is supposed to have secreted somewhere about the coast enough wealth to buy up London. \-- This man's pame is a synonym for piracy among the half-million people who inhabit those parts. Just ask them and they will point out a thousand things associated with him, and will call their grandfathers to tell you enough grisly tales about him to fill a book. There is not one of the thousand low flat islands along the Gulf coast from Pensacofa clear around to the Point of Yucatan, not a bayou, creek, bay, lagoon, or crooked waterway in all that country but has its dark tales of Lafitte and his hidiien trea sures. He is their greatest hero. His father was a Frenchman who emigrated to the West Indies, where he had possessions. But a negro revolution drove the family to New Orleans where the son took to smuggling. Then occurred the revolt against Spaio. A Republic was pro claimed in Mexico, and its adherents were engaged in a bitter savage struggle with the Spanish Viceroy. The Revolu tionary Government was represented in New Orleans by a commissioner, Don Jose Manuel Herreia. From Herrera Lafitte obJ.qined the appointment of Governor of Texas jmder the Revolution Government of Mexico, procured a number of vessels and harried'tb.6 Spaniards nominally as the ser vant of the new Repub.\'«. but actually on his own acoount. It is beyond question that be did not confine his attention id Spanish ships, but attacked all merchantmen ihat came in hi3 way. In his time he committed enormous havoe, and must have appro priated enormous treasure. What did ho do with this treasure ? This is just what American speculators would like to know. The lost treasure of Jean Lafitte has always had a fascination for these gentlemen, and for one expedition which they have fitted out (often with better reason) for the rooovory of other traasure-trovo they have dispatched at least three to search for that of the murderous and bloodthirsty rascal Lafitte. Almost every likely and unlikely spot along the gulf coast has beon tapped for thio recalcitrant treasure. The last carried through — that is, ap^rt from tbe one on to Grand Terre— was in August last yenr, when there appealed og Motogorda Island, a mysterious schooner manned by halfadozon mysterious men, who landed on tbs island, spent; a few days there, and then left in their schooner as mysteriously as they cam«, leaving behind them in the Band a square hole 6ft. wide and 6fr.. deep, as though they bad dug up something and carried it away. From this every native knew there had been another search for Jean LafitteV buried treasures. The small island of Cheniere Comirada, a few miles south' of Biloxi (Miss) was perhaps the favorite resort of Lafitte. He had a house there, and the frame of the ' Lafitte Cottage ' is still to be seen, built almost upon the water's edge. . A path leads through the garden to the bench, upon which a gate opened amid a cluster of water-oaks. It seems very strange that some fortune-hunters does not dig under the old weather-beaten building for treasure. Perhaps the story that ghosts of men dangling from ropes and of men in the act of walking blindfolded into the sea from a vessel are seen nightly at this dreary spot prevents the search. Digging, however, continues at intervals on other porttions of the island and at Biloxi, where the pirates frequently came. A hint from any very old negro will set a lot of gold-hunters to work vigorously. Just about the time when the treasure hunters were at Mataqorda another party was searching in the neighborhood of the Delaware Capes for the £5,000,000 in Spanish gold said to have gone down in that , neighborhood in the privateer De Braak, already alluded to. This was the fourth attempt after the same treasure, and it ueed scarcely be said ib was not found. It mast be an impossible task to locate a wreck in the shifting sands that lie off these capes. A little earlier in the vear an expedition was fitted out at New York to search for the treasure — estimated at half a million sterling — which undoubtedly went down with an English man-of-war about the time of the revolutionary outbreak on Hell Gate in Long Island Sound. This also wa3 unsuccessful. The United States from the Delaware southward is supposed to have been fancied as a treasure burial-ground by Blue B'ard and the other men who formed the earlier generation of pirates. There is probably not an acre of ground south of the cape that has not been dng on for sunken treasure. We never heard of more than one authentic find. About 70 years ago an American schooner went ashore somewhere north of Sinepuxint Inlet, and going along the beach the captain found the end of a chest sticking out of the sand. He took it aboard, and getting safely away went to Boston. .The chest contained a quantity of gold and silver plate, jewelled arms, and some money, supposed to have belonged to Bradish Ten, Kidd's first mate, who escaped when the captain was taken. The evidence, however, on which the ownership is as cribed to Ten seems very inconclusive. 