IVAN’S G?AVE. | ' ‘ ■ - ■ - 1 In the centre of a -wide steppe in the Russian Government of M——, there stands a curious landmark, a tall, thin, wooden cross, triple-armed, after the Oriental fashion, and towering conspic uously over the land horizon. It is the more or less legendary history of this half-rotten piece of . wood, which for miles around is known as “Ivan’s Grave,” that I am about to tell. Between lil’ty and sixty years ago Alexia Bobrofska, the oniy daughter of a rich proprietor, was considered to be the most beautiful girl in the neighbor hood. Her father, according to the cus tom of Russian householders, kept a large retinue of tolerably mixed domes tics, aud among these was Ivan h'umic. whose position, however, was distinct from those of"his follow- servants; for .Ivan \yas what is termed in...Russian the “milk-brother’* of Alexia Bbbrof ska, tVhicii means, in other-words, that the peasant woman who was his mother, being peculiarly robust aud comparatively cleanly, had been selec ted as wet-nurse for the “Master's'* child. In time the mother went back to her hut iu the village, but the boy was re tained by the master—for the solitary Alexia wanted a playmate, and why should she not have her wish? Thus Ivan grew up almost entirely tinder the . same roof with Alexia, lirst being used as a sort of toy, aud afterwards coming to he regarded as her own especial at tendant—a useful person for carrying her messages or bringing her armtarr; of wild flowers when she iaa-—rtied re take a fancy to them, and’most particu larly for accompanying her on horse back; lor from his earliest boyhood Ivan had evinced a peculiar boldness and skill in rite management of horses. Alexia was well content with ids com- i pany, looking upon him half as a com- i rade and half as a slave, and feeling I moreover a sincere aud perfectly inno cent affection for the stalwart young peasant. She knew that he was deeply attached to her, but neither to her nor to any other inmate of the house did it occur as possible that this attachment should be rooted in a devouring pas sion. To send liis daughter out riding with Ivan appeared to Gregor Bobrof ska exactly as safe as it would have been to send lier out guarded by a tame bull-dog. for in bis eyes Ivan was a peasant— that is to say, a different thing from a man. And so was Ivan iu his own eyes. The frankly condescending affection of Alexia did not hurt him—he knew that It could not be otherwise. She was the mistress aud he was the servant—the good God had ordered it so, therefore there was nothing more to be said about it. Never, even for a passing moment, did the most distant vision of success cross his loyal mind. He would never be able to stamp out his passion—of that lie felt certain; blit he would bury it so deeply within him that no other living man should ever dream of its ex istence. Xever would lie expose him self to the hitter ridicule which the dis covery of the truth must bring upon him, and neither should any sign on liis part ever disturb her maiden peace. Thus, while still a.boy in years, Ivan became a gra ve aud almost, stevn man. . By nature,: he. was more reticent even than the average Russian peasant, aud now no useless word escaped liis lips: even liis glances were strictly guarded, for he knew w.ell enough that either of these things, a word or a glauc-e, might, at auy moment betray everything. With- all this, it must not be supposed that Ivan was desperate; that any wild idea of cutting short his own misery ever came near him. He knew he was doomed to a life of renunciation, but. with true slave fatalism, he was per fectly prepared io live it. It is only when it becomes objectless that life also becomes worthless, and Ivan had a very distinct .object before his eyes— not the object of gratifying his passion, but the object of concealing it. This absorbed his entire energy, the strength of liis mind, and liis whole attention; and by these very means probably saved him from despair. One thought only pressed upon him continually—tiie thought that Alexia would one day elioose a husband. He knew quite well that that day would have to come. Sometimes lie even wished that it would come soon, in order that he might know exactly how much he would have to bear. The day came at last. Upon her nine teenth birthday the betrothal of Alexia Bobrifska to Fedor Dalmnskow was proclaimed to the neighborhood. Every one was charmed with the news; in deed, nothing could have been more suitable than the alliance, for Fedor Dalmaskow most, fortunately happened to he the nephew and heir of the pre sent possessor of S—, the estate which bordered Alexia's present home, and the second largest iu the government. Fedor had, at. the wish, of his uncle, spent the last few years in improving his mind by travelling in France aud in England, and had lately returned to take up ids abode at liis future home. He was a tali and graceful young man, with coal- black hair and high-bred fea tures, amiable and well-meaning. Natu rally he could nor help being aware of the value of his position and prospects, but although a. marked favorite.in so ciety, lie was free from affectation, and he had never to liis knowledge done any barm to any living person. As for Alexia, her heart had been ta ken by storm. Owing to the delicate health of her father, she had never even been so far as St I'etersburg, and of all the men that she had ever as yet seen, Fedor Dalmaskow appeared to her to come nearest to her ideal of rectitude and chivalry. With the enthusiasm of a. girlish heart which is full to overflow ing with the desire of loving and being loved, sbe surrendered to him her fu ture. The beginning of Fedor Dalmaskow’s bliss was the beginning of Ivan's real sufferings. There arose circumstances which he had not foreseen, such, for instance, as the fact that Dalmaskow viewed the comparative familiarity which existed between liis betrothed and her attendant with a mixture of as tonishment and displeasure. To every other inmate of the house it appeared the most natural thing in the world that Alexia should call the youn’g peasant “My sweet Ivan,'* and “My little Ivan;*’ but Dalmaskow had not seen these two at their games ten years ago, and he could not grow accustomed to this ab normal state of affairs; for, young as he was.;he already looked upon the pro prieties as on one of the chief motors of human existence. The first slight, dispute which occur red, between the young people had Ivan for its subject. Willi great gentleness. Fedor had explained to his betrothed That this manner of addressing a sub ordinate was too peculiar to pass with out notice.. This youth had long ago ceased to be her playmate, why there fore continue to make any difference between him aud the other domestics V But Alexia had answered by laughing in his face, aud telling him that he might as well expect her to give up caressing her dogs aud her horses ns to look upon Ivan as any tiling but her dear old comrade. .This was but the first of several oec-a The to her ;i ti.se She i!I-huini: iiideeil. lately. hut raided to I las sious on which Daimaskow felt niorti tied by observing that Alexia im-ariablv took the part of this somewhat morose attendant. He had earlv matte a dis covery which astonished him aTeatlv— the discovery that Ivan hated him. He was not accustomed to 1 icing hated, even by ids subordinates, and yet he knew that he was not mistaken.’for ids wit was quick. Once, while reflecting on the.causes ot tins strange phenomenon, an idea crossed ids mind, but was imme diaiely rejected as too bizarre to be en tertained. And yet the mere shadow of the thought was enough to make him uneasy. It had not escaped him that the surroundings in which he had lived since his infancy, and the fragments of education almost unavoidably picked up. had served to give a sort’of rough flavor of refinement, to the peasant hid. which brought rids man several steps nearer to his own sphere. That it should be so was resented by the 'nigh born youth as an unjustifiable intrusion on ids own premises.:but. that it. was so he' nevertheless could nor. de ny to himself. Presently there came a da; turned his'doubts into cmaiutj betrothed couple had been out attended by Ivan, and. accordiii: habit. Alexia had several times essayed to draw him into the conversation. But Ivan had showed himself more morose than over, thereby" trials: for the shor gave, the more ami acious young n i have made it: or tease him His humor, n very bright had been too happily oe much notice of the fa or.. To-day. for the first, rime, it: had forcibly struck her attention. She insisted on knowing the cause: had lie got toothache? No? Then could it be chilblains? The win ter had not yet begun. "Perhaps he is in love.” suggested Fedor Daimaskow. suddenly, looking straight at. ivan as lie spoke. ■■Splendid!’’ cried Alexia, with the bright laugh of a child. "I never thought, of that, before. Who is it. my sweet little Ivan? Marysia or Sosia? Como, you mustn’t be so very sliy about it: I promise to put in a good word for you with papa. But. perhaps you haven't yet made up your mind between them — they are both pretty, you know —only I think Sosia would cook your dinners better. You really'won't, tell me? Well. then. I will span- you. There is a bunch of red berries for your lady love. If I see it in Sosia’s hair fliis evening, I will know that she is the lucky one — but if I see it in .Marysia’s hair, then I'm afraid That your cabbage sou]) will not be very good eating. Meanwhile you must, wear it as a badge —give me your hat.” Ivan obediently handed over his hat, and Alexia, still laughing gleefully, tore off a bunch of crimson berries from the tree under whose boughs she was pas sing. and fastened it within the baud. She was too much delighted with her own good idea to observe how white Ivan's face had become, but Daimas kow noted it well, and having dismount ed at the end of the ride, and watched the horses being led towards the stable yard, some irresistible feeling of curio sity forced him. to fallow the suspected man in order to surprise him if possible when iiu Believed himself unobserved- . When DaJm.-ishow recchet]- [;lie:~Stablo yard two of the other meii were busy with the horses, but Ivan was not in sight. He next glanced into the stables as well as into the room-which Ivau usually occupied; but. both doors stood wide open, and Ivan was in neither of these places. .At last, while standing outside the hall' open door of a barn, a dull, muffled sound struck upon his ear. lie looked in. and saw a man lying upon his face with liis two hands buried deep in the thick lair of straw on which he had flung himself down, his whole body shaken at short intervals by con vulsive movements. Daimaskow re cognised him by his clothes. Beside him, plucked from their Stalks and stamped into a shapeless mass, lay the berries which lie bad worn in bis hat— a crimson stain upon the boards of the Daimaskow stood for a few seconds only, then withdrew without a sound. The sight he had seen offended his finer sensibilities by the very vigor of its ex pression, but, also, it awed him a. “little. He had not until then known that there could be such passion in the world. This was something which lie had not met with during his travels in France and in England. Now he know everything, and by the time he had recovered from his astonishment, lie discovered to his annoyance that, just as Ivan hated him, lie too was beginning to bate Ivan. To hate anyone was a quite new ex perience to the amiable young man, and io bate a domestic was surely not. worth his while; nevertheless there seemed no help for it. Despite all logic, he, the nobleman, could not feel entirely easy under the eyes of the peasant—perhaps because some instinct told him that that peasant had a greater soul than he. There was in Ivan’s manner towards him a certain peculiarity of which no one but himself was aware, yet under which he writhed. Every one of the or ders was punctually obeyed, no word of disrespect had ever been uttered, aud yet at moments, something in the face of that dark, silent man told him that lie was looked upon not only with hatred, but also with contempt. Firmly resolved though ho was never openly to betray the resentment which lie could not. suppress, there yet came an occasion on which his self-control gave way. This happened one day not many weeks before the marriage. Suoav had fallen, and in front of the door of the house there stool the sledge in which Fedor Daimaskow was to take his fiancee and her father for their first sledging party of the season. While he settled himself in his scat Ivan stood at the horses’ heads. There was an unexpected plunge forwards, the groom had stepped hack prematurely, and Dai maskow, taken by surprise, clutched at the reins with an oath.. He was any thing hut a violent man-by nature, but he had been half thrown out of his seat, and was conscious of being in full view of Alexia, who stood upon the doorstep. Any other groom might have been for given, but not this bile. "You dog!” lie cried, in a tone in which all the pent-up resentment of the last weeks came to the surface. “ Take this for your negligence!” And,snatch ing up the long whip beside him, he lashed blindly towards Ivan’s bead. The thong struck with such force that blood spurted instantly upon forehead and cheek. Before it had time to strike again Ivan had caught it in liis hand, and stood there, with a grey face and starting eyeballs, rigid, and yet seem ingly on tlie point of leaping upon the sledge. It was Alexia who, guessing the danger, quickly stepped forward, and by her intervention cut the scene short at this point. In private she reproached Fedor for liis violence, aud found him submissive and penitent. He was quite as much si.ipriscd as she herself could be. He could .not at all understand how it had boon possible to forget himself so en tirely. Such a thing had never before happened to him. In order to show how determined he was that it should not happen again, it occurred to him that j ho inight-make it up with the injured man by giving him a couple of roubles. "They will do as plaster for your wound,” lie said to him jocosely, and withal a little nervously, as he tendered the money. But Ivan put his hands behind his back and walked away without, even a word, leaving the astonished Dalmas kow standing oil the spot with his two roubles in his hand. It was dating from this moment that he felt quite cer tain that ho hated Ivan. He began now seriously to mistrust him. watching ins every movement intently. He cotild discover nothing on which to take hold, but this only increased his mistrust, for it is not given to everyone to under stand renunciation when it reaches this point. Fedor Dalmaskow did not. un derstand it, and if he had understood it, he would not have believed in it. The household at large had not for a moment been disturbed by the small incident. Indeed, if it had not been for the long, sharply defined-scar which lay j iii a slanting:line across the groom’s sun tanned forehead and cheek, even- the memory of the occurrence would have been buried on the first day. The wedding day fell in January, im mediately after the New Year. "Until lately the winter had been unusually mild, but within the last weeks the cold had been rapidly intensifying. The guests all arrived buried in furs. Sev eral delicate ladies sent apologies for not coming, on the score of tiie wea ther. It was because of this dearth of the tair sex that the idea of the custo mary-dance had to he abandoned, while it was settled that the festive supper should lie taken early, so as to enable the newly-married couple to roach their home soon after dark» They had a drive of more than twenty-live miles belore them, but the moon was nearly full and the sledge-road in first-class condition. During the supper one of the guests asked his neighbor whether it was. true that woives laid been seeu at Z-. "At ’/-—?” repeated the other. "’Then we may look out for them about this time next week. They always travel on the same line.” A few more remarks were made on the subject, and a certain amount of interest evinced, but no oue took rue matter very seriously, because the va rious images apt to be awakened by that word of terror, "wolves!” were no longer very vivid in the. mind of anyone present, seeing that during two excep tionally mild seasons no wolf had been heard of in the neighborhood. The conversation passed to other things and night approached almost, im perceptibly. 'file bridegroom, impatient to be gone, had more than once urged that it was time for the start; while the bride's father, reluctant to give the farewell kiss to his daughter, insisted 'hat: there was no hurry. It would he no darker in another hour than it til ready was, he urged. But it would be colder, argued Dalmaskow. Very well, thou, half au hour—he only asked for half-an hour more; meanwhile, the sledge with Alexia’s maids aud boxes should be despatched, "and perhaps for safety’s sake I might as well send Va lentin with a gun; there had been a talk of wolves, you know, although I don’t think there can be any serious danger yet. If you start, in half ah hour’s time, you tire bound to overtake them -within .the fi SSt4lM»e,«>.n#«.r!Kl«oan. bl:iekc.oovei .the;ground-at a tremendous rate.What dowoirithiuk? Shall.I send the gun?” “Oh, yes, send the gnu by all means,” answered Dalmaskow, dreamily, lost in contemplation of Alexia’s profile. He wanted to be rid of all these noisy people, aud yet even to sit beside her watching the alternate play of happi ness ami of nervousness upon her. face was so delicious, that for a time he for got to look at. his watch. It was oue of the guests who suddenly noticed the hour and gave the alarm. Dalmaskow started from his place, in some annoy ance. It was more than an hour now since the first sledge had started. Some one suggested that it might be more prudent to postpone the departure until the morning, but of this Dalmaskow would not hear for a moment. He be lieved they would overtake the first sledge yet, iu spite of the delay—it was ouly a question of enough whip-cord— aud. after all, they would be at home not long after midnight. Alexia, having rapidly changed her wedding-dress for a. travelling-gown, stepped out of the house on her father's arm. A low, luxurious sledge stood at the door, and in front of it a team of • coal-black horses, whose coats shone like satin in ttur light of the lanterns, were shading their ears impatiently and stamping holes in the snow. It." was the father’s wedding present to his de parting daughter. Every item, from the silver bells upon The harness down to the costly fur rug which lay ready for her feet, "had been procured especially for this occasion. Upon the box there sat a familiar figure. “Ivan is to drive you—for the last time,” said The old nobleman as lie handed his daughter to her seat. It was indeed for the last time, for, somewhat to Alexia's chagrin, Dalmas kow had declined to take her protege into his service. Ivan himself, being questioned, had said that it was better so—he preferred to remain where he was, and thus the matter had been set tled. All the same, she was glad that just Ivan and no other should take her to her new home. Except, for occasional clouds that drifted across the moon, the night had so far been very light, but they had noi driven for long when minute flakes of snow .began to fall. The moon was gradually swallowed up in the' sky, leaving ..the.-.uight.stilE-ligEt_v^l±li_tlia.t . peculiar white lightness which .any. large expanse of snow seems to breathe from out of itself, but much less bril liant than it had beeu. The horses i had done the first few miles in a model .fashion, but after a time something seemed to be disturbing them. Their pace became unequal, they strained for ward irregularly, jostling against each other. It seemed evident that they were becoming unmanageable. "I hope that fellow has not been drinking,” said Dalmaskow, beneath his breath. . . "Hey! Look out there!” he called to the driver. "You don’t seem to have those beasts in hand.” To the first of these calls Ivan made no answer, but being shouted at a second time, he turned round on his seat and curtly ob served : ‘‘It’s wolves that they smell! “Wolves!” repeated Alexia, beneath her breath, and clutched instinctively at her husband’s arm. He looked into her frightened face, growing himself rather pale as the possibility of this danger rose before him. To turn back now would probably be more dangerous than to push on, for behind them was nothing but miles of snow, while in front of them—and possibly not so very far ahead—there must be the sledge with that, gun of which they had not thought much as yet, but which might yet prove to he of paramount, import ance. Of course, there was also the possibility of Ivan beiiq? mistaken. When another ten luinutes had passed, and all still remained silent around them. Dalmaskow remarked almost confidently to his young wife that cer tainly Ivan had made a mistake. But while he was speaking there came from somewhere l'ar away one single, faint, long-drawn howl, which might easily have been mistaken for the howl of a dog. As it died away another answer ed, and immediately a full chorus fell in, very far away, very faint, hut this time not to be mistaken for anything but what it was. By this tijne Ivan had mastered the horses. With the reins wound round his wrists ho appeared to be holding them back, rather than urging them on. "Why don't you give them their heads, you fool?” shouted Dalmaskow, impatiently. Ivan looked at him over his shoulder. "Do you want, to die to-nighr;” he asked, using ihe familiar pronoun ty, and showing his teeth in an unpleasant smile. "They’ll need their breath later on. Well do plenty of racing yet — never you fear.” Dalmaskow was unable to reply. That pronoun in the mouth of a servant had upon him the effect of a blow upou the head. Of course, he should suffer for it, but this was not th'e moment for re monstrance. His attention was absorb ed in looking forward and looking back ward — forwards in order to espy the sledge which'they knew to be in ad vance; backwa'rds towards the clumps of low bushes vaguely outlined upon the face of tiie steppe. By degrees single black spots began to detach themselves from those scattered dumps: in the uncertain light they might have been the bushes themselves gening into motion — they grew more numerous, collected, and soon'were not spots any longer, but one compact mass, ever growing in size and giving tongue without intermission. Ivan never looked backwards — his ear was enough to tell him the exact distance between tliem and their pursu ers — liis eyes were strained forwards continually. Suddenly, with a wild lash of the whip, he gave ihe horses their heads, and the real chase began. At that mo ment lie had caught the first far-off glimpse of the village lights ahead. Now only it had become possible to think of a race. For several silent, breathless minutes they flew along at a mad pace. With a face of ghost-like pallor Alexia sat immovable, clinging closely io her husband's arm. He looked back again, the pack was gaining slowly, but it. was unmistakably gaining. Those lights ahead did not seem to be any nearer than they had been at lirsi:. Yet. where they burned there would be safety; it could only be a question of minutes, a question of gaining ever so little time. Already he could distinguish a. pair of eyes gleaming greenly here ami there, lie could hear their savage breathing. Some vague recollections of things he had heard • darted through his mind. With a wrench he seized the costly cov er which lay upon his knees and hurled it backwards towards the. advancing pack. Instantly the wolves dropped back. For a minute or so they closed into a howling ball, while Dalmaskow, peering back intently, could see snow flying like powder from the spot. But it was not for long; within live minutes the green eyes were again gleaming hard behind the sledge, the outlines of single heads becoming ever clearer. Passing glimpses of white toothed, sharp snoutc-d faces were to he caught in the lighhof the carriage lanterns. The distance hah been made good again. warm er’IlMftgor: l , took hold of it and threw it out. He threw out ihe. cushions of the sledge, and each time the pack rolled itself into a. ball, and each time the snow flew up, and yet each time again, after a ter ribly brief respite, tbe pursuers were once more at their heels. The village lights were sinning more brightly, hut it no longer seemed possible to reach them. They were only a phantom of safety dangled before the eyes of the pursued. There was no comfort in the sight, for to be shipwrecked in view of the port is surely more cruel than to be lost at open sea. Nothing seemed to remain except despair. Not a word had been spoken for a long time. It seemed' to Dalmaskow that their pace was again relaxing, or was it only his ex cited fancy? While he was asking himself this, Ivan turned round upou his seat. Dal maskow could see that the scar across his forehead and cheek had turned of a deep blood-red. Ivan was looking at him with a peculiar brightness in his eyes. "Do you remember that?” he asked, very loud, in order to he heard through the chorus of yelps, and pointing to wards the scar. Dalmaskow neither spoke nor moved. He could only stare back into t.lie others eyes, trying to read there what ■was passing in his mind. It occurred to him now that he was absolutely at the mercy of this man. What was the thought in his mind? With a faint cry Alexia pressed closer to her hus band’s side. Her eyes, wide and hor ror stricken, were likewise upon Ivan's face. Both knew that they were stand ing on the threshold of something aw ful. though what it was they had no time to guess, for everything passed within a few seconds. Already one wolf laid appeared abreast of the sledge. Ivan looked from the face of the husband to that, of the wife. His own features were .hideously distorted by some internal agony. Then abruptly lie spoke. "Take the reins!-’ and began in haste to unwind them from round his own wrists. Dalmaskow obeyed mechanically, not understanding anything. "This is the way to hold them,” said Ivan, sharply and distinctly; "you can have no power if you do not hold them "Yes,” replied Dalmaskow, without knowing that ho said the word. "I wauted to kill you,” said Ivan, in a voice that rope unexpectedly to n higher and shriller tone, "hut it is because of her!” And rising suddenly to his feet he leapt off tiie sledge into the snow. Once more the wolves dropped back— once more ihe cloud of snow flew to the skies, then the horses, feeling the new hand upon their reins, took tiie bit be tween their teeth and raced like things possessed. More tlia,n a minute passed before that which happened became absolutely clear to the minds of either of the per son's in the sledge. When the horses were arrested in the village street, Alexia was lying uncon scious by the side of her husband. She was "carried still unconscious into her new home, where she lay dangerously 311 for several months. The iirst thing which she did on her recovery was to have a cross put up upon the steppe, as near as possible to the spot where two human bones and one of Ivan’s boots had been found. The peasants chris tened it "Ivan’s Grave.” and it has been called so ever since; although in reality Ivan belongs the the comparatively small class of those to whom even a grave lias been denied. Both Fedor Dalmaskow and his Wife have been dead for a quarter of a. cen tury, but the cross si ill stands, crusted with grey lichen and already somewhat aslant. A little longer it. will stand so, getting more top-lieavy every year, un til on some wild winter night the storm sweeps it down. No new one will be put in its place, for by that time a new generation will have arisen and Ivan will he forgotten.—"Strand Magazine.” ’ 