[?] g* ? A.FOUPEE' contin ent ues to flit the time 1«Jtc(mW jileasahtly for visi ? /Mm3i ,/tors t6 Her Ma3es' 'Sporting Life,' at the Theatre Boyal, lias found a -highly M£*~ \'s» appreciative public all the week. Dickens, in one of his latest no vels, 'Our ' Mu tual Friend,' as readers of it will remember, introduced a character which, as he afterwards confessed, was intended to ex hibit the better side of the Jew ish nature, and thus offer a ? sort of expiatory contrast to such a repulsive type of the ancient race as the no velist had depic ted in the Fagin tff 'Oliver Twist.' The authors of 'Sporting Life' have presented as striking points of difference be tween a Jew 'whom they have included among ? their dramatis personae and similar characters sis usually represented on the English stage. Per haps, indeed, -they .make too heavy a draft on the public imagination and the public faith, in de picting a money-lender as, on the whole, a shining example of disinterestedness and generosity. Whether he happened to be a Jew or Gentile, it \- -would, perhaps, be equally difficult to accept such, ! a, money-lender as an authentic sketch from life, i Anyhow, Mr. Bland Holt makes a good deal of him. Miss Ada Reeve is while these lines are being written announced as one of the new attractions fet the Tivoli. Miss Peggy Pryde's season at the Melbourne Opera House has not been, altogether plain sail ing for that vivacious little lady, so far as her health has been concerned. But her pluck tri umphed over physical disabilities. In defiance of the warnings of her doctor, it seems, she per sisted in going on when she was really ill — a \proeedure, however, which, fortunately, it is to be understood, did not involve as serious con sequences as are sometimes the experience of pa tients who have too much of a will of .their own. Miss Pryde's style appears to have found as 'many admirers in Melbourne as it did iij Sydney., , Mr. George Rignold' has opened a season in Adelaide with 'In the Ranks;' and Miss Amy Sherwin has been visiting the same city. The Orpheus M'Adoo Company of Original Ju ibilee Singers sends flourishing reports from West [Australia. After visit'ng the gold fields, the com pany will return for a farewell season at Perth and Fremantle, where it has already met with great success. It will then sail for Adelaide. Miss Adie Conyers, who appeared last Christ mas at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, as Jack in the .pantomime of 'Jack the Giant Killer,' was re cently touring the English provinces in the mu sical play of 'The Gay Grizette.' Mr. Ernest Shand and Mr. Percy Clifton were members of the same company. Miss Stone, who was in Sydney withh 'The Chinatown' Company, made a hit in London when she appeared in 'The Stranger in New York' not long since. It led to a profitable engagement at the Alhambra, which she had entered upon when last heard from. For the new plays which the Broughs are to produce in Australia new dresses and scenery have been brought from London. Charles Lecocq has written for a Belgian jour nalist the following pointed account of himself: — I was bom June 3, 1S32, in Paris. My first musical Instrument was the flageolet, which I abandoned for the piano. I gave lessons at one and two francs a lesson during a portion of my life. I detest this occu pation. I own myself to say, I never taught anything to ray pupils. The war and the Commune drove me to bring out my work's at Brussels, to which I owe my reputation and my fortune. Those who think that Cantin was my Maecenas are mistaken. The only theatre managers -who felt confidence in me were 33us nac. who brought out my 'Pleur de The;' Humbert, ?who brought out my 'Cant 'Vierges,' 'I-a Fille deitme. Ar.izoz.' and 'Girofle-Girofla;' and Victor Konig, who iiraught out 'Le Petit Due.' I am a man ?of gentle eha j'acter', but soiretimes fly into a most violent pas sion. I am devoted to my home, my cats, and to Brave music. I have always on my piano. Bach, Men delssohn. Schumann, 'Wagner. My favorite theatres are the Grand Opera and the Comedie-Francaise. It annoys me to hear my pieces called operettas, a word ?which has no sort of meaning-. My tendency has al ways been to write ppera-comique. I hold business matters in aversion, and do riot understand anything about them. One of my tortures is to hear my own music played. I cannot bear to see the performance cf one of my works. I do not like gaming or travel ling. I am rather fond of the pleasures of the table. The' distinguished English musician, Sir George Grove, editor of the well-known 'Dictionary of Music,' recently celebrated his 78th year. The veteran's old age has been cheered, or, at least, presumably so, by his inheriting lately from a near relative a considerable fortune, together with landed estate. Another veteran with whom the fates have 'dealt less kindly, that is to say, Sims Reeves, is to haw. an appeal made to the public on his behalf through the medium of a testimonial concert, 'which is to be given early in November at the lAJbert Hall, London. An opera ,of Gounod's, which was written at the time of the Franco-Prussian War, is to be pro duced next season at Covent Garden- The li bretto is founded on the 'Polyeucte' of the great French dramatist Corneille, and has a dis tant resemblance to the popular English play of- 'The Sign of the Cross.' American managers are, it appears, making ac iive preparations for a descent on Cuba ..when.. ? the piping time of peace has regularly begun. Mu sical productions will, it is thought, have the best chance of immediate success in that direction. The people of Havana used to be recognised as a very music-loving public. From time to time the city was visited by famous operatic stars. One of Patti's earliest successes was achieved in Cuba * — that was previous to her European debat, and iwhen very few persons, if any, thought of her yet as destined to be hailed as the greatest singer of her day. Mrs. Terriss, wife of the London actor who was jnurdered some time ago by a lunatic, died lately. An American newspaper humorously suggests that bicycles' were in use in Shakspere's time, quoting in support of the idea the words of Alonzo, In 'The Tempest,' when he says to the King — ' We, too, my lord, Will, guard -your person while you tain- your rest,' iAnd watch your 'safety.' ? It is opined that Hamlet's father had during Ms lifetime visited a bicycle academy where begin ners were plentiful j because his ghost remarks — What a falling off was there, iand in the same connection the remark of Launce, In 'Two Gentlemen of Verona' — Then may I set the world on wheel? is quoted as a. . prophecy '.'wMchJias surely been fulfilled.- ?? ? .- ;? .;;.;': -, ' ,^;; ' ' Miss Nina Boucicault\aias;giTen a formataaenial to the rumor that her recent marriage with a Mr. ' Kelly las occasioned' her retirement from' the stage.1. The lady has, assured all whom it may. concern that she is merely 'resting.' In a new edition of '^Gaminer ,Gunter*s Nfeedle,' . to be issued shortly by Messrs. Macmillan, the ? editor will dispute the claim of the writer, John Still, to whom that comedy is traditionally asr cribed. It will be contended that the real au thor was a certain 'John- Steenson, respect ing whom fame has hitherto been silent. . The piece in question is believed to have been the first comedy ever written -in the English language. The following advertisement appeared in. a Rus sian newspaper a short time ago: ; This Night . will be produced at Kremenchug Theatre . a real English tragedy, entitled (c 'Hamlet;' or, the 'Prince of Denmark;** written by W. Shekspeer, the favorite of the local public. This piece has had an enormous success at Kharkov. The French version of '.'Charley's Aunt' was recently to be revived at the Cluny Theatre, Paris. It is one of the very few English pieces the production of which in the French capital has meant money. A curious case was recently brought under 'the notice of the Paris Societie des Auteurs. Two playwrights happened to hit upon the same title for their pieces. Neither of these genuises would xgiven way. The Societie des Auteurs could sug gest no method of settling the difficulty while ob stinacy of that sort was maintained on both sides. The pair of uncompromising dramatists were ad vised to carry theinnutual complaints to a law court. 'Ange Pitou' is the title of a five-act piece which is shortly to be produced in Paris, and which is founded on Alexandra Dumas's novel of the same name, which,. as of course will.be re membered, is that of a 'celebrity -who has long ^since been pressed into the service of light French topera, as represented by 'La. Fihe de Madame Angot.' The American actress Miss Rose Coghlan is said to have invented a 'sand umbrella' for the spe cial use of persons who while taking their diver sion by the seaside object to be 'too much i' the sun.' It is intimated that Sir Henry Irving will take great pains in order to produce as exact a like ness as possible of Robespierre in the play which M. Sardou is now writing for him. Perhaps the most 'authentic image of the Terrorist of the French Revolution is that wax one included in the famous collection of Madame Tussaud. It is said to have been taken immediately after his death by old Madame Tussaud, as were also mod els of Marat, Marie Antionette, and others, who, either justly or unjustly perished at the same pe riod.,.. 