TALkS-WltH't^EATRIGAL ,;FA¥0S!StE8. ; EEMINI3CENCES OF POPFLAE ACTOKS AND ACTRESSES;. (Bt A ' SUNDAY' TIMES % SPECIAL.) ,:) MR. STORY-GOFTON. Mr. Story-Gofton, who is directing the panto, at the. Royal,, and also appearing as tho Git^nt, . is celobratvpg- his pantomimic silver wadding, for it ia now 25 years since he first appeared m that line of tEe busi ness. After having dono good work as an artist for some ' jjoars he devoted himself almost en tirely to producing pieces-, and in that respecb ho earned a most enviable notoriety. The faqfc that ho had threo engagements under the late Sir Augustus Harris, iind directed leading provin cial produc tions, is ample evi dence of that fact. In tbo course of a chat with a Sunday Traujg representative Mr. Story-Goftpn told in .an inimitably interesting and pleasant fashion Bome of his reminiscences. ' I .remember ih tho early days of my career,'' be said, 'I was touring abont the North of England with a «econd-.rate tragedian. It was in the Summer t-imo when wo struck a Yorkshire town in ^ which Overy five year's there wils a religious festival, and maiiy Nonconformists attended from othor .counties. Wo had hot been getting our salaries for several weeks, but, being _ a youngster, and tho experience I was getting being invaluable,- I did not sover my connection with tli.o. management, as I xotliorwise would havo dono. Our tragedian was very fond of playing Shakespeare and hoavy tragedy liko the ' Bridal' and other of the old pieces. J3nt thero was no money iu them, and the ' ghost ' did not walk. Some of tho boys begau to kick, and as I was young aud pugnacious, aud also unsophisticated, they appointed nle as Spokesman for an interview with the manager,. It waa a Thursday night, and tho piece for the Saturday had not been a-nnouueed. I (on behalf of tho company) explained that tragedy would not go down, but tho tragedian simply roplied : ' Leave it to me, boys.' We protested that unless m'olodranm was staged wo would not go on. ' I havo already sont to tli6 printer,' he said, 'for somo piefcoriij.1 bills.' Friday night came, ami still there were no bills out far tl-o following evening. ' What aro wo to do to morrow ?' we asked. ' My darling boys, come, into my room, and'I will show you.' Ho produced a bill. It was a heterogeneous con glomeration of horriblo caricatures supposed to represent sgenes from tho play, and the letterpress ran : u Thoatro Royal, on Saturday even ing, Mount Parnassus of titiiating and agonising excitement. The bloodthirsty tragedy iij five acts, entitled ' The Maniac Prince and thoDistractcd Maiden, o.r tho Murderous King and the Adulterous Queen/ Tho Grave, tho Bones, and the Coffin. Tho part Of tho Maniac Princo will ba undertaken by Walter S ? ; tho Distractcd Maiden by -Mis3 Vapid Prebtyface..' Wo played 'Hamlet' to a packed houso, and gob out of tho town by the midnight train. ' ' Another time, a little prior to this, I was in Scotland with .a company, small, but quite good enough for the towns we yere visiting. After a Cotiplo Of weeks we found money becamo short. As out salaries were not largo^ ana having nOdesiro to draw on our resources, wo of course objected to go 011. We then got our money, but there was a fight eve^y treasjiry day. I was asked if I would fix up a pautomjule. I replied I would at a figurt, a^d a week's extra saliyry wds decided upon. I was given the book, which was very weak, and I commenced ?to rfi-wtito it. A couplo of days later rrr n Ia Ian oMAflint* frtOTH when the manager asked, ' What about the &IS.P;' I replied it would be raady iu a- few days. There ftq, 3 no salary that morning, and I refusedi to play at night unless I received mino. That afternoon the manager came to my rooms and said he waited the Bcript. Not trusting him, I locked the dOor aud put the key iu my pocket. ' Ycwi shan't go out of this room,' I said, 'until I get the money, and also my back salary:' I got it, and we went out and had a drink. Bub the rest Of the company wero not so fortunate. Thp musical director, howovor, ljeard of my exploit, and as th6 manager was going to skip by the train ou Sunday, the band collected outside of ^iis ^loor, and when he' came Out they proceeded to escort him to tbo station, playing ' The Rogue's Jlarch.' He begged and prayed of them to desist, but they would not.iwhoreupon he scattered the contents of his purse, a few shillings, among them, and did a scoot. ' Once I went on tour through the States with a company ruu under tho auspices of a very rich merchant, who had a s.tage-struck daughter. Our^eadiijg mau^, was a Gorman tragedian, who had ^rendered himself very un popular in London through striking an actress, and had gone over to America. Our tour was a moat eventful one, for this Ger man, after getting ^.t loggerheads with tho . Press, qaarsellpd with the members of tho company. W-f 'wore to play ' Macbeth ' at Montreal. The German had with him aSi Overture' for a full band composed by a fellow countryman. This ho wanted the orchestra to pluy, notwithstanding it numbered not half enough necessary members. Tho conductor stated that it was impossible, but he was simply reminded that he was ' talking dom rot.* Tho parts wero given out, and natur ally the attempt to- play it was unsuccessful. The Saturday morning I remembered the parts had jiOt been returned, and as I thought the Conductor was eopylog tuem — it was a grand composition— I saw the German. ' Gomo with fnfe to tno' polica station,' ho said. W6 got a detective there, and on the way . to the resi dence of tfie conductor, in a cab, we picked up a r gecond detective. We secured tljp baud parts. We wero going away bo another town, and the cabby drove us to the station to catch the train. The Gorman thereupon bold tbe Cabby :- to drivd the other two gentlemen back to tho police statioij. A few nights after this, during a performance in another cjity, the German v^as banded a saromons. It was a bill for the cabman's fare. Ho had left the deteqtives to pay it, bnt instead of ' doiog' tho cabman tbe latter was too smart and did him. \- ' The German was very dissatisfied with everything, and tried hard to get the company into his own hands. At Toronto we again played ' Macbeth,' and soon after returning to our homes we heard tho theatre was on fire. Wo put oil onr clothes and pushed down just in timo to see the walls fall in and the theatre a ma3S of ruins. It was ascertained that the , carpenter, his wi£o, and child were missing, ? and. their Charred remains were subsequently ^fouud. The gasman was also very severely injured. The ohtife properties of tho com- ? pany were. burnt, including tho magnificent wardrobe of the before-mentionfcd rich mer i chant, while those of tlie wily German were sayed. ''In conclusion,*' added Mr. Story-Gofton, ' I might tell yon of an incident which occurred on one of my visits to Glasgow. The Royal ab that timo used to be closed for .six weeks periodically to allow of the production of grand opera, so the principal members of tho company with which 1 was associated, wi^h tho idea of combining business and pleasure, went ouk 113 a commonwealth company. Instead of going down the Clyde as hitherto, wo WQnt up North, where wo frequently had to play in schoolrooms. On such occasions there was only oue dressing roemi the Dominie's sanetnm, and, of course, thab was ubilised by the ladies, the men dressing in tlie wings. Oije evening in one of . theso places fre were to play tbe ljtt.10 piece, 'FaintTBeart Never Won J?air Lajly,' and as it was bright and warm t^yo or'tt- rGO of us dressed in the adjoining church yard, pubtifig on pur tights on the flat, tomb Btone.s, and made-up by the liehtof-yho harvest ' moon. It waS a nove.l experience. 'It was afterwards reported in th.e BJao Hagqis Tisies that several '-spooks ' had been seen in the chd.rchyard,' revisiting the glimpses of the moon.' ' 