DEPARTURE OF THE REV. B. CAREY. PRESENTATION 15Y THE CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN. Fathbu, Bernard Carey, who has been nine years on the Australian Mission, seven of them spent in Sydney, left for Ireland by the mail-steamer India on Wednesday. A large number of lay and clerical friends went on board the mailboat to wish the de parting priest Godspeed. It is, we believe, the rev. gentleman s intention to 30m tne .iteaemp torists. Father Carey was born at Rathkeale, County Limerick, and educated at Black Rock (Congregation of the Holy Ghost), and the Diocesan College, ' Limerick, lie came to Australia nine years ago, and worked for two years in Victoria before being attached to the Sydney diocese. For the past two or three years, and especially while on the Cathedral staff, Father Carey was brought into very happy relations with the Catholic young men of the city. His popularity in this respeot won him the title of ' the apostle of young men.' When it was known that Father Carey had made up his mind to return to Ireland, a number of the young men met and very quietly arranged a vale dictory presentation. No appeal was made, and no subscription list was sent round, yet the handsome sum of £130 was 'raised' among the young men themselves. The organizing committee was comprised of Mr. Joseph Carlos, B.A. (Barrister-at-Law), president; Mr. R. J. Stephens (Education Department) and Mr. T. J, Purcell (solicitor), honorary secretaries ; and Messrs. D. Stratton, J. M'Sharry, and W. J. Porter, honorary treasurers. On Monday Father Carey was invited to attend a social evening held in the big private room of the Royal Hotel. There he found gathered about one hundred young men and several of his friends among the ciergy, who had been invited as gueots. The clergy present were : — Rev. Fathers Whyte, Phelan, and O'Gorman (of the Cathedral), Rev. P. J. Walsh (Administrator, St. Francis', Haymarket), and the Rev. M* B. Gaynor, O.S.F. The company included, besides the gentlemen already named, Mr. James Hughesj B.A., Mr. R. Walsh (Queensland), Lieutenant L. E. Thrum word, R.N., Mr. W. Porter, Mr. John Sheehy (Irish Na tional Foresters), Mr. John Woods, Mr. John Hughes, Mr. A. Deery, Mr. J. News, Mr. M. Punch, Mr. S. Punch, Mr. B. M'Dermott, Mr. W. Fallon, Mr, M. Deery, Mr. T. Devitt, Mr. R. Dalton, Mr. J. Rice, Mr. S. Hill, Mr. P. Flanagan, Mr. Morris, Mr. J. Birt, Mr. A. Hickey, Mr. P. Hiekey, Mr. R. M'Evoy, Mr. J. M'Evoy, Mr. J. Brennan, Mr, J. Lord, Mr, A. Crane, Mr. C. St. Julian, Mr. J. Walsh, Mr. W. Driscoll, Mr. J. News, Mr. E. News, Mr. J. Pigott, Mr, W. Penny, Mr. Peter Maloney, Mr. P. Minahan, Mr. J. Anderson, Mr. C. Clement, Mr. J. Riley, Mr. M. Donnellan, Mr. W. Howard, Mr. J. Devitt, and Mr. V. M'Dermott. Mr. Carlos, who occupied the chair, said he wished it to be Known that this was wholly a tri bute from the Catholic young men. They had not gone outside their own ranks to solicit subscrip tions, otherwise the amount to be presented would be ^ery much larger. Mr. Carlos, who claimed to be a schoolmate of Father Carey's, spoke in eulo gistic terms of the rev. gentleman, and said he was only voicing the sentiments of the young men of Sydney when he expressed the hope that when he had com pleted his novitiate in the Redemptorist Monastery Father Carey would again return to Sydney. After Mr. It. J. Stephens had read the address, which was signed by Messrs. Joseph Carlos (president), Tom J. Purcell, R. Stephens, D. Stratton, J. M'Sharry, and W. Porter, the chairman presented it and a cheque for £130 to the rev. gentleman, amidst great cheering. Father Carey, in returning thanks, said that no priest ever left Australian shores so deeply in love with this country as he was. He sometimes felt pained to hear of foreigners coming here, and, after enjoying for a few weeks the hospitality for which the Australians were so proverbial, going away and running the country down. He could safely say, even as an Irishman loving his own native land with deep affection, that he never hoped to live in a fairer land, or to meet such generous people as the Australians. Me accepted their testimonial not so much for its intrinsip value, but he took it as a mark of their friendship and esteem— a friendship he \yould always keep in his memory. When he came to Sydney there were three works that were very cjear to him, and whiph he hoped he might have seen fully accomplished. They were (1) the estab lishment of some assopiation for the reformation of criminals and the bringing about ctf a better system of dealing with young offenders \ (2) a society for all Catholic young men ; and (3) an association that would devote itself to the looking after the news boys of the city. These works he hoped would be carried out by other hands, and his parting wish was that the Catholic young men would assist enthusiastically whoever took up any of these works. Speeches v/ere made by all the clergy present, as well as by Messrs. T. J. Purcell, D. Stratton, John M'Sharry. A musiczil programme wan thon pro ceeded with, the items including 'Farewell Fond Heart, Farewell,' '? Steer My Barque To Erin's lole,' ?' Absent, Yet Present,' and ' Auld Lang Syne.' ? Auchiushop Carr, of Melbourne, leaves for Rome next week, accompanied by Bishop Moore, of Ballarat. Bishop Gibney, of Perth, W.A., followe in a few weeks, 