THE NOVELIST T " All's Well that Ends Well." CHAPTER XVI. 1 T litiii your pardon, miss,' the bid murmured in abject tones, tears starting to his eyes at the contempt in Iter voice and manner. 'I'd do anything for von, miss — T xvotild indeed, And T hate every soul in that house except Miss Maimmg- ton. As to father and .Susan and cook rnd that old cat the missus, you may do what you like to tliem ' ' T may do what 1 like to tliem. 1 don't understand you.' 'I only mean 1 don't care wlutt happens to tlicni, nor to these beastly dogs cither. I hate the sight of till! whole lot ; and T hate those young gentlemen too, with their airs, and their hoots as always wants polishing, and that Frenchman's laughing, and Mr. Dudley's nasty suspicions about, his change and his cigarettes. I luite 'em all, and ' 'But all this does not concern me, Joseph.' ' But what 's coming docs,' the lad said eagerly, pausing under the trees just out side the gates. ' Airs. Kcvelsworth she suya as how she was very angry at vonr carrying on with both young gentlemen at once, anil sce'd yon slipping a note into the Frenchman's hands Then Miss Bott v, she spoke up for you, like she always does : but the old 'tin she says, 'Don't tell lne,' says slu- : ' T don't believe she was a governess at all; and T must be particular, because, if! die to- night, she says, 'all I lie Bcvclsworlh money would go between the three-— Dudley and Victor mid Frances, only Dudley would gel the most. 1'uil, says she, '1 luive written to n friend who's been all his life in Rome, and asked him to liiid out all about Frances and her old witch of a mother. And, ii lie can't lind it out,' she says, ' I'll employ a detective. And, if she isn't, all she should lie, I'll send for Simpson and change my will anil cut off her, or either of tliem hoys that marries Iter, Dudley or Victor, with next to nothing at all.' ' As the liny told F ranees, -a all this in low rapid tones, Ins sharp eyes, lixed upon her face, saw every truce of colour die nut of it and leave it an ashen-gra v. For n few , ,11,111, '111- she stood beside him ill perfect silence, drawing her breath hard, gazing with unseeing eve- before her. Lost in thought, -lie had clearly forgot ten his presence: and Joseph, nhii'ined al the ell'eet produced by hi- intelligence. w„- wondering how he should recall her lo herself, when thehoiirof seven, chiming out from the stable-clock of llevelsworth House across I lie (Irccn. reminded Friui- eesea. of the inevitable present. She laid her Innd on Josephs shoulder. ' I must run to the house to lie in time for dinner.' she -aid. ' Listen. Joseph. Yott are a go, id buy ; I like yntt and trust von, and I know lhat y.ni are my triend. Wait here a few minutes, then go to the house and straight up to my my mother's room. Knock at the door, and wait to hear it she will let yon in. Say you come from me. Th.m repeat toiler just exactly wmit yon Olive mill llio e.xaruy. noun, without leaving out one word.' A mumeu! later, gathering up her silk skirts. Francesca ran swiftly until she reached the door of her aunt's house, just three minutes late for dinner. It was (plile impossible to glean from her manner that she divined her aunt's inimical sentimsnls towards her. Slu- was unusually (lushed, and looked more beauti ful than ever a fact which Dudley not unnaturally attributed to the exciting nature of his recent interview with her but the same sweet griieiousness she always showed characterised her hearing, mid she answered her aunt's sharp-toned queries as to the cause of her late appear ance with ready courtesy. '1 inn so very sorry, aunt Margaret, 1 didn't quite estimate how long it would take me to get 1101111' from the the Future gardens, where I was sitting thinking under the trees." And was Dudley 'sitting thinking' with you ' asked Mrs. Kevelswnrh sarcas tically. 'lie at least emit rivet I l«» be at table ill time." 'He left the gardens before I did, that lie might lire— for dinner and not keep vou waiting, answered l''raitcesca. ' Ihil, «s Betty and I had our new silk frock- on. 1 thought we need not change tliem.' '1 understood you were anxious to g, > buying punts and other boats.' We didn't think we should have time before dinner.' Fraueesea beginning, when Dudley, win, was not in t lie humour to see his cousin browbeaten, ennie to her rescue. And. beside-, lie said, 'we were -o interested ill our cmni'i'sat ion that we forgot all about everything el-e. Mrs. Bevelsworlh frowned lit him severely and gave a grunt «f indignation. ' Love-making, I suppose.' she suggested, ill a hard caustic voice. ' Yes." retorted Dudley, piqued by her her manner : 'I suppose is wluit you would call it." The rest of lhc meal pii—cd nil" very uncomfortably. The tone of half- veiled deliiuice which Dudley had assumed annoyed Mrs. llevelsworth greatly, coming lis ii did from her fa vourate nephew : while to little Betlv this open avowal of the tender relations which existed between Dudley and Franc, .-.sea could not fail to come as shock. Miss |!e\ elswortli on her ; part hail her own reasons for regretting Dudley's words, which plunged hi- brother j Victor into a slate of .-iwh evident ! jealous gloom llmt not another word was : to lie extracted from I, in, during the j remainder of t lie nicnl. As soon lis the Indies left the table, he I turned upon Dudley in pathetic despair. 'A Hons done, my brother,' he exclaimed, j | ask ymi if tlii- is just, if it is fair. You must know well mv feeling towards Fruiiceseii : and yet you t<»> v , 01 me paying court to her. She cannot marry both of us.' 'Has Franee-cu promised to ninny you,' inquired Dudley, as lie very deliberately cut and lit a cigar. 'But 110. Nut yet. She cannot decide herself. In a few days perhaps 'As I understand,' said Dudley, still without Joooking at his brother, 'she objects to niarriages between first cousins.' ''Site lias some silly prejudice of that sort/ Victor admitted. 'But, enfin, that is nothing. She can without doubt be persuaded ' , 'Have you tried to persuade her. '.Often. And in time J shall succeed,'' pursued Victor eagerly, _ 'if I Jmvcuot u jivHl i« the fame house.' 'Do you moan that she encourages you V 1 Victor was about to speak, but suddenly 1 checked himself. His liege lady had laid 1 her solemn commands upon him not. to , reveal to him any conversation that might : pass between them on the subject of their j future mnrringe. j 'What do you call encouragement," he | asked, temporising. j Dudley leaned hack in his elniir and : looked lmt'd at his brother. j ' Wluit T can't understand,' lie said, ' is j wliv you are so clusc about it. You are generally ready enough to chatter about your love- affairs, Heaven knows. But, as you luive hardly mentioned Francesca's name to me for at least a fortnight, and ns she never appoars to take any notice of vou, how am I to know on what terms you stand towards each other.' Ho spike with some irritability and impatience. He could no longer dis guise from himself the fact that Francesca had ut least tho gift of enthralling his senses, although in his cooler moments lie could not shake all' a certain distrust of her. But the idea of entering into serious rivalry with his brother, when he dearly loved, was intensely painful to him. He really bclivcd that. Francesca eared for liini. .Site could not be so good an actress as to have assumed all those tender blushes and charming touches of agitation at their recent, interview hud she been wholly indifferent, tn him. Rut the thought that troubled him was — was she an artful coquette, playing off' the one brother against the other for her own amusement. Franci'scii was no inexperienced girl, lint 11 woninn the world, n widow of livc- nnd-twenty, who know the value of her words and actions, and t he effect of her bounty upon men. Whether or not she had encouraged his brother Dudley could not loll, owing lo Victor's singular j reticence ; but t hat she had eneouraged I himself, in spite of her deelared prejudice against the mnrringe of first cousins, was an undoubted fact. Even at this moment he was thrilled by tlie reincm- hranee ?' i if her .spontaneous movement j towards him on the bench under the trees — of her outstretched hands, and the 1 long goltlcii-bmwn lashes lowered over law eyes as she half offered him her lips. ' Yet it wa- at least curious that she should j ha vc laid an eiiilinrgo upon his mcul inning ito his brother the fact that she was at ! least capable of vcrv remarkable reticence 011 the subject of own affairs. These thoughts passed through Dudley's iniiid as lie sal smoking in silence while awaiting 11 reply from Victor, liaising ' his eve- at length to the hitter's face, he was suddenly tilled with surprise and sympathy by noting how careworn and old Victor npp'iirtsl, and how the lnukjot' glad enjoyment of life which had formerly eharaeteriseil hi- lace seemed to have ! entirely disiippeui'rd. to he replaced by ; an expression of strained anxiety. ' J Sy .love, Viet. ir. how ill you look, lie : .i.xehem 'd. ia a voiee fn tu which all trace of ill feeling had tied. ' I remeiidici' now you've been eating next to not liing the last day or two. What's the matter. Aren't you lip to the mark, old man.' Jlis In-other leaned his head wearily upon his hands. ' 1 am in love,' lie.su id, with a sad laugh. ' I suppose that's what's the matter with me. J can't sleep for t liinking of her. and 1 am dreaming about her all day.' ' But you look dowriglit ill.' 'That i- because 1 cannot eat. And this English riverside - I don't think it suits me very well. I have tulked with the chemist ut Kingston, ami he tells me that people are often ill when they come here lirst. Relaxing, he calls it. And it is so hot,' eh went on. start ing up and wutkin restlessly about the room, with his arms and liairls storelelieil mil 'so hot 1 feel stilled.' ' But we often had it hotter in Far is.' 'Not this heal. J am always so thirsty here.' lie cant imieil, pouring himself out another tumbler of claret and soda and drinking it eagerly ; my throat feels sore, parehial. and food hurts mens it goes down. Ah, it is not the climate,' he cried in an outljur.se of affectionate expansion, throw ing his arm about Ills brother's shoulders, ' it is t tin t I am so much in love. J am miserable -miserable out of Franeesca's presence, 'fhe blue lire of her eyes burns into my In-art. All, Dudley you, cold Englishman tluil you lire you can never love her as J do. I hate that she should look at another man ; I cannot endure that she should even talk and laugh with the Irishman ; I am even jealous of that nasty snake tluit always clings round her Imelv wrist. I love her 1 adore her.' ' But are vou certain she love- you back ! I las she giieii vou reason to believe -- ' 'No; that is just it. She is alwavs kind : hut she will always laugh and say she does not want to marry, and lhat I am younger than she, and all that silliness. Jhit in time she must say 'Yes'.' 'Mala' her say it now.' said Dudley, rising also ami speaking in determined tones. 'She lias seen you daily lor a month surely she has has had time to make up her miml. I don't mind telling you llial I ii in in love with her too she is one of those W'oiocll Vou ran 1 see lllllell of ami net he in lo\c with. Ihu I won't be made a fool of. and I won't see her limke a fool of you either. Why. mail, no women living is worth fretting yourself to u skeleton about ; and it isn't 1 1n - wav to win i bell! either. .Make Imt decide at once one way or another ; ami I give Vou in V word of honour 1 won't speak one .syllable lo her alone until I In -a r from you whether or not she mean- to hair vmi. la-t her oiiec -ay she will be your w ife, and she will he nothing in the world tome.' And if she will not marry me? If she will not." repeated Dudlev, frowning heavily- as he ran hi- lingers through his curly hair 'Oil. well, then anv other man lias a finr chance to try hi- luck, you know.' 'She shall decide tomorrow.' -aid Victor. Not- another word on the subject of I'riincesea passed between the 111 ot lid's that evening, til"' newly-installed billiurd- table occupying all their attention. IJeremoii O'lMeara came over to inspect it : and three Indies from the drawing-room were initialed Into the mysteries of 'pool ' and French and English billiards, which absorbed them until a quarter to ten, when Wclldon brought in the candle sticks on a tray, and Mrs. llevelsworth, Francesca, and Betty retired to laid. I n deference to t heir aunt's love of early hours her nephews parted from O'Meura nid locked up tlie house at eleven, ut which hour thov retired tn their rooms, not however to sleep, but to sit smoking by the open window in their shirt-sleeves, amicably chatting in tlie soft air of a hot. June night. At about midnight, when Dudley was ; making the suggestion that they should I ' turn in,' a piercing scream of terror broke tlie perfect stillness of the house, to he repeated again and again. It was a woman's scream, and it. seemed o come from the Hour below. Following immediately upon it, before the brothers had even had time to follow their impulse of rushing to help, a hurried knocking was heard upon the panels of tho hod -room door. ' Wake up. JVakc up and come down directly. Homo one must bo hurt and is crying for help,' came to them in I'ran- cesca's voice. CHATTER XVII. AViikn on the following day Dudley Revels worth came to think calmly over the events of that night, lie could not fail to recall 011 incident- to which in the hurry and excitement of the moment he had given but little attention. This was tlint Francesca, whom he would have deemed a woman of considerable nerve and self-control, had, in her alarm at the scroains, so planted herself against the door of her cousins' roomr as positively to impede their egress. Tlie screaming still continued as Francesca beat with her hands upon the panels of tlie door, calling the brothers loudly by name, and apparently ignoring the fact that they could not. come out without pushing her roughly to one side, us the door opened outwards and, in her agitation, she seemed to he leaning with all her weight against it. Sn closely indeed did she cling to it that, when Dudley, by a sudden exercise of strength hurst it- open, she staggered and would have fallen had he not caught her in In arms to save her. Her beautiful hair hung loosely all about her shoulders, her face was very pale, and her eyes distended with fenr. She clung sobbing to Dudley, holding him closely in what looked like a paroxysm of extreme terror. ' Dudley, Dudley don't leave 1110. It is that terrible ghost, 1 am certain. I hen nl its horrible rustling." o,-„ ( ' But that isn't a ghost's scream. It must he mv aunt or Betty. Compose yourself, Francesco, dear, and let me go down to see what is the matter.' Victor, on his part, had not moved from the iliKJf-wiiy. lie stood there, trnnslixed hv jealousy, watching Fraueesea as she clung to his brother, breathless with admiration at her lieauty. which lie hud never seen to greater advantage than now, when her bright dishevelled hair hung in gleaming mvsxs nl o.it. her f ice, and hit beautiful figuic was shown off to HTtVc- tion hv her long dressing-gown of pale- green lawn, edged with billows of line white laee. I She wn- mi enchanting in tlie caressing fervour with which -lie clung to Dudley, j clutching hint with what might lie liysteri- j eal terror, or might again artful coquetry, that the young man forgot for a I moment that she was detaining him ill the ! pleasing task of trying to comfort- her, and lie could even have found it. in his heart to regret hi- brother's jealous watchful gaze in siteli close vicinity. ' Yyu hud much better go hack to your room, dear,' he whispered to his cousin, 'and let Viet or and me go and see what is the matter. We will see that no ghost hurts you. 1 should never luive thought you were such a coward.' ' Fraueesea - Fraueesea." Tt was the tliin sweet voice of Airs. Harold Revel-worth, in accents of quaver ing alarm, which reached them from Iter room at tlie end of the juis-agc. At the sound Fruneeseu raised her head, which she laid buried on Dudley's shoulder, and ajqjcured to he endeavouring to regain her self- control. ' T must go to her,' -lie murmured ' just for a moment at least, to quiet- her. The screaming must have awakened her, and 1 wouldn't have her seriously fright ened again fur the world. No — don't come with me as far as her door ; 1 am ashamed now of having been so silly and so selfish. Bo at imi'e, you and Victor, and find out what is the matter. Then come to me again if I can lie of any help.' AVIieii 1 tin I lev subsequently rejected 011 this little scene, it -reined .strange to him tllilt J-'raiiei'sea had imt aeeoinpnilieil liini at once to the lloor below. But at the time the toiu-h of her elingiiig lingers, Hie perfume w hirh hung uboni her loosened hair, and the delightful soft ties- of her el when ill apparent uneonseioiisoess she pressed it against his own, while lie could feel the very throbbing of her heart as she nestled in hi- arms all these thing- so intoxicated him lhat lie was iiieapahle j of clear and dispa-sinnale thought. The j screaming, which laid now reused, and wa- ! replaced hv the hurried paltering of feel ! about the house, scorned to him in tlio-.i j few liniments a wholly unimportant I incident, tlie one great fart of the night j being the faseiinit ion of l-'raiteesen's fare j and voire and the magnetism of her j tolleh. ' Do the lirst lloor the brother.- found ; everything in the greatest disorder. The women-servants, half-dressed, were run- ! ning in and out of Mrs. Revelsw urth's apart incut's, searching for salts and brandy and other restoratives ; old Mrs, Margaret herself, tall and gaunt in Imr 1 long gray llumiel dressing gown and i strangely pale, was directing llicin ; while at her feet, motionless and insensible, lay little Betty Maimington. ' Dudley at last,' his aunt exclaimed, at sight of her elder licpew. 'The child ba llad a fright of some sort ; I thought she W'us dead at lirst. A\ elldoii and hi- boy sleep like logs. Bo down, one of you two, and wake tliem, and send at once for a duet nr.' 'J will go for u doctor myself, it yon tell me where to find him,' said Victor. ' You'd lose your way. Bo down ami wake AV'elldon. And, Dudley, help to lift the child hack to her room, I can't hear to see heron the floor like that. Ami look at the dogs. All this noise scarcely wakes 1 t hem.' ' 1 But what has happened !' 'I know nothing. Betty's screams woke inc. She couldn't answer me when i spoke to iter ; she seemed ill a paroxysm of terror, which ended in her falling (Hit on the floor in a dead faint. She has never fainted before. I can't understand it.' (to in; t'oNTlNtT:u.) I 