BK WAS HAUNTED. FISCHER'S * ghost hos been laid, to tl regret pf those who have cherished hil as a whiter story For tho fireside. He: no longer behoved to sit on the top of tlireíraili'd fence os a clue to tho di: corery of his bones in a stagnnnt poo But there is a man in the Glebe, Sydnej . "who cwas.h'anntcd by a spectre wbic .never loft hint. It was with hit -ss he sat all day mending shoes, and i ?the dark and silent watches of tho nigh it clung to him, and lie began to loo! -upon it aa a fearful part of himself mit .his time wonld como to enter into tb spirit'land. ' It was a grim and horribl experience, and all his days and night «vere spent in trying to solve the cnigai: of its presence, and the way that h could lay it, u3 they had laid Fischer' ghost; Tho worst nf it was that it wai invisible to all but himself ; he was worst than haunted, it tortured him, for tlii; spectre loved to givo him pain. Atlengtl tho means wero given him to free him- self'of its hateful presence, and In describes his lust fight with it to our repre- sentative 'who waited tipon him nt 8(1 Bridge-road, O lebe.-" For the past eight years," soid Mr. Win. Burke, shoe- maker, " I have endured very much front constipation and piles ; no medicine .corned to do inc good. At night I could not sleep, and by day I was too drowsy to do my work. Nothing I took could free nie of pain, nntil I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Eoot Pills, and now I can say that they nro tho best romedy I Imvo ever known, ns they do not gripe or weaken, and yot do all that is said of them. I am a better man to-day than I hnvobeen for years. It is a grand cure." Dr. Morse's Indian Hoot Pills euro such \- cases. They aro u positivo euro for liver ailments, sick headache, biliousness, in . digestion, dyspepsia, constipation, foul breath, sallow complexions, and a perfect blood purifier, curing; eczema, pimples, , blotches, and all skin diseases. As a woman's best friend they stand alone. Sold by chemists mid store- keepers ; price, ls. l^d. per buttle, or'six bottles fis. If unub]o to procure whore you resido, Tho W. IS. Comstock Co., Ltd., 58 Pitt-street, Sydney, will .forward sumo upon receipt of price. 