(BY "SIGMA") ^KVB. Alex. Matheson has returned to Perth after a long absence in England, and I hear it is her intention to be at heme ' to visitors each Friday, when croquet will be played on the irreproach-, ¿ble lawns, of " Cambray," her residence in St. George's-terrace. The Lady Smith Lodge should benefit .- considerably hy the proceeds from the ball held- in its aid in th© Town Hall " on Wednesday of last week. The floor was better, I think, than I have ever before known it; it was cleati and slippery/and as great pains had been taken in its pre- paration its usual heaviness1 was lessened. Still no amount -of preparation -can make dancers -quite forget that the boards are wide and have no spring in them. Mr. Crome's band played good time, and dainty refreshments were served in the lobby. Everybody present seemed to enjoy them- selves thoroughly, and danced away with- out à. possible thought of the possible tragedy which was being enacted -in tho Legislative Assembly roomB underneath, where, perchance, a Government was being overthrown and certainly a heated debate . was proceeding. After the Assembly had ; adjourned, several of the members from both sides of the House favoured the ball \- room with their presence, and were congratulated or condoled with, accord- ing to their position either as supporters of the Gpverament or of the Opposition. The fashionable skirt, which fits as tightly as a glove over the hips and spreads to a great width at the foot, was noticeable on several costumes. The style is one that takes some getting used to, and I am in- clined to-think it is more becoming to slight figures than to those of more generous proportions. A lately returned visitor from England wore a -much admired dress of the very latest mode. It was of black silk, with the skirt tight fitting over the hips, flowing at the hem and trained. Sound the whole bottom, of' the skirt ran a deep flounce of fine blacTc het/exquisitely embroidered in steel. The bodice was also ornamented with this net, and each side from the front to the back was adorned with a sort of handsome steel applique. The small sleeves were mainly composed of two straps of black ribbon velvet, which crossed each other on the outside of the arm, and in the centre of the cross was placed a brilliant buckle. A dress whose charms did not receive the . attention they deserved, amongst the fancy dresses at the" S.P.C.A. ball, was- of helio- trope silk, perfectly cut, and with the skirt \- embroidered with pearls round the bottom. ? - This band was wide in the front, where it was carried to a peak in the middle, and narrowed towards the back. The beauti- fully fitting zouave was similarly em- broidered. The sash was also a great feature of this fascinating toilette, it was of handsome brocade, wide and frilled all round with a narrow rucking of chiffon. A black and white striped silk, trimmed with white guipure with a silk canvas'sash was striking. A most becoming gown was of white moiré, with the long sleeves, front yoke of pleated chiffon and trimmed with pearl trimmings. A very handsome brocade was a shot fawn and pink, trimmed with fine white lace and pearl embroidery. \- A brunette looked well in pale heliotrope , -chiffon over heliotrope silk, and-with large clusters of violets on the bodice and in the hair. Ï noticed that a great many sashes were passed twice round the waist and tied in a large bow at the back. This is. not conducive to a small waist, but looks well on a slight figure. Lady Gerard Smith wore black silk with fine" black lace and jet, diamonds in the bodice and hair and round the neck. Lady Onslow's dress was composed of black silk, white lace and jet, with red roses in the bodice; Lady Lee-Steere, black and yellow silk trimmed with yellow broché ; Mrs. Piesse, blue silk with jet and. black lace; Mrs. Abbott, heliotrope silk with the bodice, zouave and skirt em- broidered with pearls, white chiffon, and a brocade sash edged with chiffon mellings j Mrs. Walter James/black and white striped silk trimmed with white guipure, white . silk canvas sash ; Mrs. Morris, white, with white satin sash aud bows; Mrs. Fred. Monger, white brocade with a ruching of white chiffon round the bottom of the skirt, -sleeves, trimming and basque of gathered chiffon, the bodies was further ornamented with steel passe ? lhenterie, red roses in the corsage and hair*; ^Mrs. A. W. Hassell, yellow brocade, simply and stylishly made with a plain band -of jet ba thé top of bodice, at,the waist, and on the sleeves-j-. Mrs. S. Burt, "black brocade trimmed with jet and lace and a .cluster of red roses; Mrs. Bagot, white . brocaded velvet, with- pearl passementerie and white feathers ; Mrs. C. Lee-Steere, black silk elaborately trimmed with jet, pink roses; Mrs. A. P. Mills, blue silk . dress, with silk sash and blue chiffon j Mrs. Turnbull, black silk with pink velvet and ' steel trimmings ; Mrs. Blake, black mer- veilleux with 3et and chiffon, ted poppieB and green leaves in the corsage, and red wheat ears in the hair ; Mrs. Willis, black ' merveilleux trimmed with blue , velvet, .under steel embroidery, long sleeves of Jblack chiffon ; Mrs. Petherick, white moiré with long sleeves, front and yoke of pleated- chiffon, the bodice adorned with handsome pearl trimming ; Hrs. À. Matheson, .black satin with the black net which composed the flounce round the bottom of the skirt and on the bodice, embroidered in steelapplique on the bodice, velvet straps crossed on the shoulders ; Mrs. Clarke, brown broché, with bertha and frills round the top of the sleeve of green chiffon ; Mrs. Allison Smith, white silk with skirt and bodice covered with fine white net dazzlingly embroidered with true love knots in steel, frilled sleeves of white chiffon ; Mrs. Speed, cream satin and lace; Mrs. C. Saw, red satin with the bodice trimmed, wi th chiffon in the same shade ; Mrs. Andrews, pink 6ilk jyith jet panels on the skirt and the ' bodice heavily and handsomely jetted; Mrs. Gobbett, yellow silk with gauze flounce running into a wide peak at the back and dwindling to almost nothing in front, headed with a band, shot sequinned passcmentrie. The bodice was all orna- mented with this trimming, pearl em- broidery, and spangled net ; Mrs. Money, pink glacé silk; with pleated belt of satin in the same pale shade, two points of this satin edged with a narrow niching of chiffon fell from the top of the decoletté, both in front and at the back the bodice was trimmed with spangled net and pink roses ; Mrs. Campbell, black silk with chiffon on the blouse, eteel trimming, and spangled net, a belt of pleated pink silk started high from the sides of the full front of the bodice, and was graduated to a narrow belt at the back of the waist; Miss L. Shenton,. maizë satin, with the bodice and sleeves covered with spangled net; Miss Nyulasy, white satin, with the bodice covered with chiffon, floral sash of pink and white silk, pink roses; Miss Messer, black velvet, floral sash, pink roses ; Miss Snell, white and green, silk and lace; Miss O'Connor, white silk,' with lace and pink roses ; Miss Gibbs, white muslin over pink silk ; Miss M. Lee Steere, shot rose, pink and fawn brocade, fine white lace on the' sleeves, broché shoulder straps, covered with pearl em- broidery; Miss C. Russell; white silk and chiffon; Miss F. Shenton; white broché, trimmed with chiffon, white aigrette; Miss Kennedy, white satín, with eau de ' Nil silk on . the bodice, sash of eau de NU chiffon, pink roses in the corsage and hair; Miss Willis, rose pink silk skirt,'bodice covered with frills of paler pink chiffon, belt of satin ribbon ; Miss B. Lee-Steere, pale pink silk, with the frills on the sleeves and bodice edged with Valenciennes lace; Miss Cole, yellow sük, trimmed with lace ; Miss Onslow, pink silk covered with pink grenadine, with a gold tinselled stripe mnning through it, pink flowers ; Miss Hooley, green satin, with blouse of green pleated chiffon, con- fined at the waist bya, jewelled belt; Miss Kennedy, pale heliotrope ohiffon over a heliotrope silk ..foundation, silk sash, violets in the bodice and hair-; Miss E. Marmion, ivory silk, with - lace, green ribbon sash, ferns in the bodice ; Miss Leeder, yellow satin, skirt. and bodice trimmed with, pearls and white chiffon ; Miss Woods, black, with rose coloured revers in front, the bodice strapped with jet ; Miss Clark, pale pink silk; the bodice covered with chiffon, pink ribbon sash; Miss Tobin, white silk, relieved with yellow velvet; Miss 6. Hassell, bine silk with bodice covered with blue chiffon ; Miss E. Sutherland, cream, with pearl trimming, lace on the bodice ; Miss.Andrews, black merveilleux, with jet. and chiffon ; Miss Hearder, white silk, with white lace, violets and ferns; Miss Gerloff, pale blue, with tucked bodice, chiffon sleeves, pearl trim- ming. A correspondent sends me the following description of a dance at Fremantle : The dance in aid of the piano fund held in the Victoria Hall on Monday, July 25, was more than usually successful, from both a social and a financial point of view. Refreshments were served in the supper room. The tables were decorated with quantities of narcissus blooms and maiden hair fern; A well-arranged programm'e"of^ 21 dances was gone through to most ex- hilarating music, contributed by Mr. H. Cleugh's band. Some pretty dresses were worn, among the most noticeable being : Mrs. Watson, rich black brocade j Mrs.. J. W. Hope,.handsoinë''têrra:cotta brocade ; Mrs. Russell, black broché skirt, bodice of. pink silk, veiled with black net, -long niched slee ves of net j Mrs. O'Connor, helio- trope silk, black lace trimmings ; Mrs. Price, black satin, -relieved with white chiffon ; Mrs. L. Clifton wore pink, with cardinal roses-; Mrs. W.. Samson, black silk, bodice trimmed with white chiffon ; Mrs. Birming- ham, cream moire, bertha of cream chiffon ; Mrs. F. W. Martin, 'black silk, bodice of white goffered chiffon, strapped'with jet; Mrs. Shuffery, black silk, bodice of pale blue satin ; Mrs. D. G. Gawler, black satin, trimmingsiof white satin and jet ; Mrs. St. John Mathews, primrose, silk, with chiffon trimmings ; Mrs. Irvine, black 6atin, with palo blue on bodice; Mrs. Faddy, black satin, trimmings of jet on bodice ; Mrs. T. M. Quinn, red silk; Mrs. Moss, black skirt, pretty evening blouse of opal blue, silk; Mrs. Robinson, black skirt, bodice of oreani satin; Mrs. Harold Smith, black silk, bodice of white floral silk; Mrs. Fletcher, white satin, bodice trimmed with lace ; Mrs. J. Humble, grey silk, with chiffon trimmings; Mrs. Everard, black skirt, cream silk evening blouse; Miss Price, black bodice, trimmed with yellow lace and bèbè ribbon; Miss O'Connor, eau de Ntl brocade, with cream lace ; Miss Eva O'Connor, white merv, with chiffon; Miss Marmion, . black' skirt, . cream silk bodice, pale blue sash ; Mies Férris, hetiotrope silk, bodice trimmed with lace and violets ; Miss Keogh wore white satin,, covered with heliotrope gauze; Miss Humble, white satin, trimmed with pale blue; Miss Ethel Humble,pale blue silk; Miss Lowe, a pretty yellow silk, bodice composed of small frills and pleated chiffon; the Misses Love, white dresses, trimmings of yellow lace ; Miss Lefroy, pale blue trimmed with cream lace ; -Miss Layman, cream silk ; Miss Bod- dington, black skirt, cream silk evening blouse; Miss Ferguson, black velvet, cream ohiffon trimming on bodice; Miss Samson, black brocade; Miss D. Russell, black skirt, pink Bilk blouse trimmed -with » black lace and -jet ; MÍBB Minnie Ens sell, black bodice relieved with pink ¡ MÍBB Wright, pale blue, trimmings of black velvet and jet ; Mis3 Knight, black skirt, . blue silk evening blouse trimmed with jet ; Miss E. Knight, black skirt, with blouse of heliotrope silk trimmed with cream lace ; Miss Absoloin, pink silk with lace trim- mings ¡ Miss Church, white silk, bodice trimmed with pale blue and jewelled trim- ming; Miss Clifton, black, with cream chiffon on bodice ; MÍES Lukin, cardinal . silk; Miss Lefroy, green silk, bodice trimmed with pink roses. The fifth annual ball of the Swan Eiver Bowing Club, held last Friday night in St. George's Hail, proved most satisfactory to all concerned, for the room was crowded, which pleased the promoters, and the floor and music were splendid, which delighted the dancers, and the supper was good, which pleased everyene. As the authori- ties will not allow nails to be driven into the walls of the hall, it is always more or less a puzzle how to carry out any scheme of decoration, but the committee of the S.E.R.C. successfully solved this problem, and the result was most effective. Lines of small pointed blue and white flags (the club's colours) started from the gallery, and were carried right across the room in a slanting direction, crossing and re-cressing each other in the middle of the room. These same lines of flags hung in festoons under the gallery, and the stage was prettily decorated with greenery and pot plants. The number of young girls who had not reached the age when long dresses and their necessary accompaniment, " done-up" hair, are worn, was noticeable, and there is no doubt, however their elders may have felt on the subject, that the evening was one of almost perfect bliss to them. I noticed several pretty dresses. One of the most stylish was of white Bengaline silk, very simply made, with a few dark red roses in the bodice, and one at each en&ábf the white ribbon sash, which fell in Jong ends to the bottom of the skirt. This little touch of colour was most effective. Another - white silk had a bread panel in front of the skirt, and the front of the bodice was embroidered in silver, a silver fringe ran round the bottom of the bodice, forming a basque, and Maltese bice was worn as a sort of fichu.- A white satin had pearl passemen- terie at the waist, and edging the epau- lettes, and a single large pink rose in the corsage. A pretty girl was dressed ina Bimplei white inuBlin freck with-five rowB of bêbà ribbon running round the bottom of the skirt, and with the blouse bodice confined at the waist with a white ribbon sash ' and trimmed with lace and insertion. A handsome blue satin had a basque made of jet fringe, and the bodice was orna- mented with 'jet running transversely across the front. A noticeable gown was white with, rose coloured ribbon arrangsd in vandykes round the skirt; sleeves and sash of the Bamo colour. Human nature is an interesting study. Perhaps my nature is warped, and so l cannot judge others by myself. Before! learnt to cycle I had an aversion to all riders of the wheel, and took a delight in not moving off the level road, rang they never so furiously, and it was a great pleasure to see them bumping over the stones. Now Tam a cyclist,and look upon pedestrians as ahnest an insult, and feel much put out when they refuse to leave the level part of the road, and make me bump over the stones. I suppose it is poetic justice, but it is not pleasant. Beginners are my special objection-I have been able to go by myself for quite three weeks -.it seems impossible to get away from them. I saw. a good rider the other day trying to avoid one such en the Mount's Bay- road. The novice began to dodge as soon as the other came in sight, and the closer he got the more frantic were his darts from one side of the road to the other. The ad- vancing foe, seeing.the position-or rather, positions--the enemy was taking up thought discretion the better part of valour and, as the road certainly was net wide enough for them both, ranhis machiné off into the sand. Tho other had evidently at that precise moment made up his mind I what to do, and ran his machine on top of the other man's bicycle, and gave it a severe smashing. . _His ' own being a hired one, came unscathed . out of the ordeal. I cannot describe the sequel, because as the disabled foe began telling the ether what he thought of him in language " rude and aggressive, but very expressive," I went on my way and left them to settle their differences. Another beginner was doing his best to knock down a telegraph, post. He sighted it at quite á long distance, and, as he wished to avoid it, he of course fixed his eyes so as to see where net to go. Then the struggle began. He tugged first one handle then the ether, and his eyes as- sumed the terrified expression of one who sees a .ghost. He twisted his body, made faces, jerked his elbows, and, in fact, did everything but the thing he ought to have done-that is, to have taken his eyes off the object he was making for. His machine advanced inexorable as fate, left the road, ploughed through sand and over stones, and finally struck the telegraph pole fair in the centre.~~jthe rebound naturally sent the rider and his steed to the ground, but the fall was net attended w^ith fatal results. - I do not think that German women will give us any wrinkles as to tho ideal cycling dress. The bicycle has become very popu- lar in Berlin, and . in that city, where a short time ago cyclistes were insulted in the streets, they, are now looked en with tolerance, if not altogether with favour. It is said that German women are most un- graceful riders. tThey use very low saddles, and this makes them sit all of a heap. They know nothing of ankle action in manipulating the pedals, consequently their knees go up and down like flails, and their elbows are wide apart. As a rule they give little thought to.the matter of dress on th» bicycle. Many wear rational dress, and scorch along without gloves. Those who still cling te skirts refuse to wear knickerbeckere under them, and as they pay se little attention to outside show they are not likely to attach much importance to clothing which is not seen, and it is said that the glimpses of under- things which one gets are too fearful, lt . would, of course be absurd to judge all German women by this standard, for there are sure to be some among the sex in Berlin who take as much pleasure in making themselves look nice onfall occa- sions as Englishwomen do. The German ?men, however, are much more particular, and to their Ideas make themselves very fascinating indeed in all kinds of costumes, the more uncommon the better. Green velvet suits, worn with light green or white caps are very popular indeed, and stockings of huge plaids in the most start- ling colours are de rigueur. Last week Mrs. Arthur Hassell gave a most delightful children's party at her residence in Adelaide Terrace in honour of her little daughter's birthday. There must have been between thirty and forty small invited guests, and it was only necessary to look at them to see how they were en- joying themselves. I think that it is very beautiful to watch children's enjoymeut. There is no pretence about it. Their eyes sparkle, their cheeks flush, and their feet dance all over the place instead of walk- ing. Their whole heart and seul aro in their play, and they are happy little beings indeed. They have not yet learnt. to anticipate the bad time coming in the morning when the recovery has to he suffered, after a feast of the dainties'" pro- vided at supper the night before, and the disordered digestion helped back to normal condition by the help of nasty medicine. The time before tea was passed happily in playing croquet on the lawn, and in childish games. Tea was served at 5 o'clock, and it is superfluous to mention that ample justice was done to the good things provided. Afterwards, the spacious drawing-room having been cleared, some of the children did some very clever stop dancing, the little hostess of the day showing wonderful grace and agility in this reBpoct. When 6 o'clock came, the time for breaking up, it was very hard to tear the children away from such «njoy ment, and many were the demands on the road home for similar parties on their birthdays. 