jQee$t* Benevolent Asyinm, Voneert. The concert and ball in aid of the Ovens Bea#vo lent Asylum took place at tbe shire hall, Yackandandah, on Wednesday evening. It was not the success expected, owing to tbe extremely wet weather. On Wedncft day morning the local committee held a meeting, and considered it advisable to postpone the concert, nil* TTaic aeccffdinelv wired to Mr IngteSo, of 'T5e«3S worth , suggesfrng the postponement and received a reply endorsing tfae-proposal. Word was sent to Allans Flat and Osbornes Flat, and no opportunity was lost of making tjie decision as public as possible. In the afternoon a second telegram came from Beech worth that the concert must proceed as arrange ments had been made, so the local j committee had to make known the i fact as much as possible. They could ] not send word around the Flats, and j the result was a poor house. The j musical part of the performance was j far superior to the geaeral singing, in fact in Messrs Dvring (piano). E. Moalder (cornet), and J. Vandenberg and Wilson (violins) there was an orchestra which would have done credit to any eatertain ment. either in the country or metropolis. The first part of the programme was a minstrel circle, Bones being Messrs R. Mc intosh and Frank Bailey, and Tambos Messrs Chas. Prater and Percy Spencer. Undoubtedly the best corner men were Messrs Prater and ! Mcintosh, the former excelling. The performance was opened with a medley chorus by the company. Mr W. EL Phillips opened the singing with ' Mv Lad.' Unfortanately he did not' get the key in the first verse. Mr R. Mcintosh then sang '? The Little Alabama Coon and was awarded an encore. Miss Violet Rees was also encored for her rendi tion of 'While the dance goes on.' Mr P. Spencer then sang a comic I'm wanted.'' It was interspersed with local hits, but the andience could not join in the fun as they ' want*d ' to hear the words- Mr Collier rendered ' Love's old sweet song ^ very effectively. It was a good ' old sweet song ' well sung, and he had to respond to an encore. Mr F. T« Bailey eave a comic ' Alabama song.' This was followed by a comic, ' The tkiacuB ' by Mr C- Prater. It was really tlie v only comic song of the performance and was well given. Aa encore was vociferously demanded. The circle was brought to a close by a ghost sketch. Mr J. Morrison made an excellent interlocutor. After an interval, the second part of the programme was proceeded with. There were several songs by those who took part m the minstrel per formance, and Mr Hans Suaemiehl j gave a recitation ' People will talk.' j Mr J. Morrison gave an exhibition of ' the graphophone, and Mr R. Mitchell was very amusing in his ventriloqaisJ exposition. The concert was brought | , to a close with a farce ' The Doctor's Boy,'njyi Hessrti 3. Morrison, Praser and Oartlin, and it was well rendered, sending the audience away in a good humor. j The takings at the concert, with tickets sold, have not yet been ascer- 1 tained, but the secretary, Mr Clrfne, has s&8 in hand. The expenses will j amount co £4 15s. It is expected that ? there will be a surplus of between £4 and £0 to hand over to the msti- ] tation. It is to be regretted that there was a hitch in connection with the postponement and had the decision to postpone been adhered to and the next .Iciight proved fine; tbe- surplus i would have been more than doubled. | Great credit is due to the local com- | mittee, Messrs Haig. Xeste and Clune for the manner rin wbieh they tyorked I tin tfce^ sale of -tickets before The' con- j Cert. ? ; : . - - .. _i 