THE RED ROOM. " "Sf CA5C assure you," said I, " that ® it will take a very tangible ghost to frighten mo.'' And 1 stood up before the lire with my glass in ray baud. " It is your own choosing," said the mail with the withered arm, and glanced at me askance. " Eight and twenty years," said I, " 1 have lived, and never a ghost have I seen as yet." The old woman sat staring hard into the fire, her pale eyes wide open. " Aye,"' she broke in, " and eight and twenty years yo« hare lived, and never seen the likes of this house, I reckon. There's many a thing to see, wlien one's Still but eight and twenty." She swayed her head slowly from side to side. Many a thing to see and Borrow for." 1 half suspected these old people were trying to enhance the spectral terrors of their house by this droning insistence. I put down my empty glass ou the table, and. looking about the room, caught a glimpse of myself, ab breviated and broadened to an impossible sturdiness, in the queer old mirror beside the china cupboard. " Well," 1 said, " if I see anything to-night, I shall be so much the wiser. For I come to the business with an open mind." "It's your own choosing," said the man with the withered arm once more. I heard the faint sound of a stick and shambling steps on the flags in the passage outside. The door creaked on its hinges as a second old man entered, more bent, more wrinkled, more aged even than the first. He supported himself by the help of a crutch, his eyes were covered by a shade, and his lower lip, half averted, hung pale and pink from his decaying yellow teeth. He inade straight for an arin-cbair on the opposite side of the table, sat down clumsily, and began to cough. The man with the withered hand gave this newcomer a short glance of positive dis like ; the old woman took no notice of his arrival, but remained with her eyes fixed steadily on the fire. "I said-it's vonr own choosing," said the man with the withered arm, when the coughing tiad ceased for awhile. " It's niv own choosing," I answered. The man with the shade became aware of my presence for the first time, and threw his head back for a moment, ainl sideways, to see me. I caught a moment-try glimpse of his eyes, small and bright and inflamed. Then he began to cough and splutter again. " Why don't you drink ?" said the mail with the withered arm, pushing the beer towards him. The man with the shade poured out a glassful with a shaking hand, that splashed half as much on the deai table. A monstrous shadow of him crouched upon the wall, and mocked his action as he poured anil drank. I must confess I had scarcely expected these grotesque custodians. There is. to my mind, something in human in senility, something crouching and atavistic : the human qualities seem to drop from old people insensibly day by day. The three of them made me feel uncomfortable with their gaunt silenccs, their bent carriage, their evi dent unfriendliness to me and to one other. And that night, perhaps, I was in the mood for uncomfortable impres sions. 1 resolved to get away from their vague foreshadowing of the evil things upstairs. "If," said I. "you will show me to this haunted room of yours, I will make myself comfortable there." The old man with the cough jerked his head hack so suddenly that it startled mo. and shot another glance of his red eyes at me from out of the dark ness under the shade, but no one answered me. I waited a minute, glancing from one to the other. The old woman stared like a dead body, glar ing into the fire with lack-lustre eyes. " If," I said, a little louder, "if you will show me to this haunted room of yours, I will relieve you from the task of entertaining me." " There's a candle on the slab outside the door," said the man with the withered arm. looking at my feet as he addressed me. " But if you go to the Red Room to-night--" ("This night of all nights!" said the old woman, softly.) " You go alone." " Very well," I answered, shortly ; w and which way do I go ?" " You go along the passage for a bit," said he, nodding bis head on bis shoulder at the door, " until you come to a spiral staircase ; and ou the second landing is a door covered with green baize. Go through that, and down the long corridor to the end, and the Red Room is 011 your left up the steps." " Have I got that right ?" I said, and repeated his directions. He corrected me in one particular. " And you are really going ?" said tbc man with the shade, looking at me again for the third time with that queer, unnatural tilting of the face. ("This night of all nights!" whis pered the old woman.) " It is what I came for," I said, and moved towards the door. As I did so, the old mail with the shade rose and staggered round the table, so as to be closer to the others and to the fire. At the door i turned and looked at them, and saw they were all close together, dark against the firelight, staring at me over their shoulders, with an intent ex pression on their ancient faces. " Good-night," I said, setting the door open. " It's your own choosing," said the man with the withered arm. 1 left the door wide open until the caudle was well alight, and then I shut them in, and walked down the chilly, echoing passage. I must confess that the oddness of these three old pensioners in whose charge her ladyship had left the castle, and the deep-toned, old-fashioned furni ture of the housekeeper's room, in which they fore-gathered, had afl'ected me curi ously in spite of my effort to keep myself at a matter-of-fact phase. They seemed to belong to another age, an age when things spiritual were indeed to be feared, when common-sense was uncommon, an age when omens and witches were credible, and ghosts bevond denying. Their very existence, thought I, is spectral; the cut of their clothing, fashion born in dead brains; the orna ments and conveniences in the room about them even are ghostly-the thoughts of vanished men, which still haunt rather than participate in the world of to-day. Aud the passage I f was in, long and shadowy, with a film of moisture glistening on the wall, was as gaunt and cold as a thing that is dead and rigid. But with an efiort I sent such thoughts to the right-about. The long, draughty subterranean passage was chilly and dusty, and my candle llared and made the shadows cower and quiver. The echoes rang up and down the spiral staircase, and a shadow came sweeping up after me, and another fled before me into the darkness overhead. I came to the wide landing and stopped there for a moment listening to a rustl ing that I fancied I heard creeping behind me, and then, satisfied of the absolute silence, pushed open the un willing baize-covered door aud stood in the silent corridor. The efi'ect was scarcely what I ex pected, for the moonlight, coining in by the great window on the grand stair case, picked out everything in vivid black shadow or reticulated silvery il lumination. Everything seemed in its proper position ; the house might have been deserted on the yesterday instead of twelve months ago. There were caudles in the sockets of the scones, and whatever dust had gathered oil the carpets or upon the polished flooring was | distributed so evenly as to be invisible j in my candlelight. A waiting stillness j was over everything. I was about to ' advance, but stopped abruptly. A bronze group stood upon the landing hidden from me by a corner of the wall; but! its shadow fell with a marvellous dis tinctness upon the white panelling, aud gave me the impression of someone crouching to waylay inc. The thing jumped upon-my attention suddenly. I stood rigid for half a moment, perhaps. Then, with my hand in the pocket that held the revolver, I advanced, only to discover a Ganymede and Eagle, glisten ing in the moonlight. That incident for a time restored ray nerve, and a dim porcelain Chinaman on a buhl table whose head rocked as I passed, scarcely startled me. The door of the Red Room and the stops up to it were in n shadowy corner, I moved uiy candle from side to side in order to see clearly the nature of the recesses in which I stood before opening the door. Here it was, thought I, that my predecessor was found, and the memory of that story gave me a sudden twinge of apprehension. I glanced over my shoulder at the black Ganymede in the moonlight, and opened the door of the Red Room rather hastily, with my face half turned to the pallid silence of the corridor. I entered, closed the door behind me at once, turned the key I found in the lock within, and stood with the candle aloft surveying the scene of my vigil, the great Red Room of Lorraine Castle, in which the young duke had died; or rather in which he bad begun his dying, for he had opened the door and fallen headlong down the steps I bad jnst as cended. That had been the end of his vigil, of his gallant attempt to conquer tlie ghostly tradition of the place, and never, I thought, had apoplexy better served tbe ends of superstition. There were other mid older stories that clung to the room, back to tlic half- credible beginning of it all, the tale of a timid wife and the tragic end that came of her husband's jest of frightening her. And looking round that huge shadowy room with its black wiudow bays, its recesses and alcoves, its dusty brown-red hang ings and dark furniture, one could well understand the legends that had sprouted in its black corners, its germinating darkness. My candle was a little tongue of light ju the vastness of the chamber ; its rays failed to pierce to the opposite end of the room, and left an ocean of dull red mystery and suggestion, sentinel shadows and watching darknesses beyond its island of light. And the stillness of desolation brooded over it all. I must confess some impalpable quality of that ancient room disturbed me. I tried to fight the feeling down. I resolved to make a systematic examination of the place, and so, by leaving nothing to the imagination, dispel the fanciful sugges tion of the obscurity before they obtained a hold upon me. After satisfying myself of the fastening of the door, 1 began to walk round the room, peering rouud each article of furniture, tucking up the valances of the bed and opening its curtains wide. In one place there was a distinct echo to my footsteps, the noises I made seemed so little that they enhanced rather than broke the silence of the place. I pulled up the blinds and examined the fastenings of tbe several windows. Attracted by the fall of a particle of dust, I leant forward and looked up the blackness of the wide chimney. Then, trying to preserve my attitude of mind, I walked round and began tapping the oak panelling for any secret opening, but I desisted before reaching the alcove. I saw my face in a mirror,-white. There were two big rnirprs in the room, each with a pair of sconces bearing candles, and on the mantleshclf, too, were candles in china candlesticks. All these I lit one after the other. The fire was laid,-an unexpected consideration from the old housekeeper-and I lit it, | to keep down any disposition to shiver, and when it was burning well I stood round with my back to it and regarded the room again. I had pulled up a chintz-covered arm-chair and a table to form a kind of barricade before me. On this lay my revolver, ready to hand. My precise examination had done me a little good, but I still found the re moter darkness of the place and its perfect stillness too stimulating for the imagination. The echoing of the stir and crackling of the fire was no eort of comfort to me. The shadow of the alcove at the end of the room began to display that undefinable quality of a presence, that odd suggestion of a lurking living thing that comes so easily in silence and solitude, i. ud to reassure myself, I walked with a candle into it and satisfied myself that there was nothing tangible there. I stood that candle upon the floor of the alcove and left it in that position. By this time I was in a state of con siderable nervous tension, although to my reason there was no adequate cause for my condition. My mind, however, was perfectly clear. I pastulated quite unreservedly that nothing supernatural could happen, and to pass the time I began stringing some rhymes together, Ingoldsby fashion, concerning the original legend of the place. A few I spoke aloud, but the echoes were not pleasant. For the same reason I also abandoned, after a time, a conversation with myself upon the impossibility of ghosts and haunting. My mind reverted to tbe three old and distorted people downstairs, and I tried to keep it on that topic. The sombre reds and greys of the room troubled me ; even with its seven candles the place was merely dim. The light in the alcove flaring in a draught, and the fire flickering, kept the shadows and penumbra: perpetually shifting and stirring in a noiseless, Sightly dance. Casting about for a remedy, I recalled the wax candles I had seen in the corridor, and, with a slight effort carry ing a candle and leaving the door open, I walked out into the moonlight, and presently returned with as many as ten. These I put in the various knick-knacks of china with which the room was sparsely adorned, and lit and placed them where the shadows had lain deepest, some on the floor, some in the window recesses, arranging and rearranging them, until at last my seventeen candles were so placed that not an inch of the room but had the direct light of at least one of them. It occurred to . me that when the ghost came I could warn him not to trip over them. The room was now quite brightly illuminated. There was something very cheering and re assuring in these little silent streaming flames, and to notice their steady diminu tion of length offered me an occupation and gave me a reassuring sense of the passage of time. Even with that, however, the brooding expectation of the vigil weighed heavily enough for me. I stood watching the minute band of my watch creep towards midnight. Then something happened in the alcove. I did not see the candle go out, I simply turned and saw that the darkness was there, as one might start and see the unexpected presence of a stranger. The black shadow had sprung back to its place. " By jove," said I aloud, recovering from my surprise, that draught's a strong one!" and taking the matchbox from the table, I walked across the room in a leisurely manner to relight the corner again. My first match would not strike, and as I succeeded with the second, something seemed to blink on the wall before me. I turned my head involuntary and saw that the two candles on the little table by the fire-place were extinguished. I rose at once to my feet. "Odd!" I said. "Did I do that myself in a flash of absent-mindedness ?" I walked back, relit one, as I did so I saw the candle in the right sconce of one of the mirrors wink and go right out, and almost immediately its com panion followed it. There was no mis-, take about it. The flames vanished as j if the wick had been suddenly nipped between a finger and thumb, leaving the wick neither glowing nor smoking, but black. While I stood gaping the candle at the foot of the bed weut out, arid the shadows seemed to take another step towards me. " This won't do!" said I, and first one and then another candle on the mantel- shelf followed. " What's up ?" I cried, with a queer high note getting into my voice some how. At that the candle on the corner of the wardrobe went out, and the one I had relit in the alcove followed. " Steady on!" I said, " those candles are wanted," speaking with a half hysterical facetiousness, and scratching away at a match the while, for the mantel candlesticks. My hands trembled so much that twice I missed the rough paper of the match-box. As the mantel emerged from the darkness again, two candles in the remoter end ol the room were eclipsed. But with the same match I also relit the large mirror candles, and those 011 the floor near the doorway, so that for the moment I seemed to gain on the extinctions. But then in a noiseless volley there vanished four lights at once in different corners of the room, and I struck another match in quivering haste, ond stood hesitating where to take it. As I stood undecided, an invisible hand seemed to sweep out the two candles on the table. With a cry of terror I dashed at the alcove, then into the corner and then into the window, relighting three as two more vanished by the fireplace, and then perceiving a better way, I dropped the matches on the iron-bound deed-box in the corner, and caught up the bedroom candlestick. With this I avoided the delay of striking matches, but for all that the steady process of extinction went on, and the shadows I feared and fought against returned, and crept in upon me, first a step gained on this side of me then on that. I was now almost frantic with the coming darkness, and my self possession deserted me. I leaped pant ing from caudle to candle in a vain struggle against that remorseless ad vance. I bruised myself iu the thigh against the tabic, I sent a chair headlong, I stumbled and fell and whisked the cloth from the table in my fall. My candle rolled away from me and I snatched another as I rose. Abruptly this was blown out as I swung it off the table by the wind of my sudden movement, and immediately the two remaining candles followed. But there was light still in ! the room, a red light that streamed across the ceiling and staved off the shadows from me. The fire ! Of course I could still thrust my candle between the bars and relight it. I turned to where the flames were still dancing between the glowing coals and splashing red reflections upon the furniture; made two steps towards the grate, and incontinently the flames dwindled and vanished, the glow vanished, the reflections rushed together and disappeared, and as I thrust the candle between the bars darkness closed upon me like the shutting of an eye, wrapped about me in a stifling embrace, sealed my vision, and crushed the last vestiges of self-possession from my brain. And it was not only palpable darkness, but intolerable terror. The candle fell from my bands. I flung out my arms in a vain effort to thrust that ponderous blackness away from me, and lifting up iny voice, screamed with all my might, once, twice, thrice. Then I think I must have staggered to my feet. I know I thought suddenly of the moonlit corridor, and with my bead bowed and ray arms over my face, made a stumbling run for the door. But I had forgotten the exact posi tion of the door, and I struck myself heavily against some other bulky fur nishing. I have a vague memory of battering myself thus to and fro in the darkness, of a heavy blow at last upon my forehead, of a horrible sensation of falling that lasted an age, of my last frantic effort to keep my footing, and then I remember no more. * # # « » I opened my eyes in daylight. My head was roughly bandaged, and the man with the withered hand was watch ing my face. I looked about me trying to remember what had happened, and for a space I could not recollect. I rolled my eyes into the corner and saw the old woman, no longer abstracted, no longer terrible, pouring out some drops of medicine from a little blue phial into a glass. " Where am I ?" I said. " I seem to remember you, and yet I cannot remember who you are." They told me then, and I heard of the haunted Red Room as one who hears a tale. " We found you at dawn," said he, " and there was blood on your forehead and lips. I wondered that I had ever disliked him. The three of them in the daylight seemed commonplace enough. The man with the green shade had his head bent as one who sleeps. It was very slowly I recovered the memory of my experience. " You believe now," said the old man with the withered hand, " that the room is haunted ?" He spoke no longer as one who greets an intruder, but as one who condoles with a friend. " Yes," said I, " the room is haunted." " And you have seen it. And we who have been here all our lives have never set eyes upon it. Because we have never dared. . . . Tell us, ia it truly the old earl who " " Ko," said I, " it is not." " I told you so," said the old lady, with the glass in her hand. " It is his poor young countess who was frightened » " It is not," I said. " There is neither ghost of earl nor ghost of countess in that room; there is no ghost there at all, but worse, far worse, something im palpable " " Well V they said. "The worst of all the things that haunt poor mortal men," said I; " and that is, in all its nakedness-Fear! Fear that will not hate light nor sound, that will not bear with reason, that deafens and darkens and overwhelms. It followed me through the corridor, it fought against me in the room " I stopped abruptly. There was an interval of silence. My hand went up to my bandages. " The candles went out one after another, and I fled Then the man with the shade lifted his face sideways to me and spoke. " That is it," said he. " I knew that was it. A Power of Darkness. To put such a curse upon a home! It lurks there always. You can feel it even in the daytime, even of a bright summer's day, in the hangings, in the curtains, keeping about you however you face about. In the dusk it creeps in the corridor and follows you, so that you dare not turn. It is even as you say. Fear itself is in the room. Black Fear. . . . And there it will be . . so long as this house of sin endures." Idler. 