DOES THE THEATRE MAKE FOit GOOD? (From the Si. James's Gazette.) Mr. Clement Scott has been interviewed by Mr. Raymond Blathivayt upon the stage iu general, aud t..e result is about to bo pub-1 lished in "Great Thoughts." And a very startling result it is. Mr. Scott's answer to the question, "Does tbe theatre make for good?" can, says Mr. Blathwayt, be summed up in the one word "No." The theatre, . as it stands to-day, is emphatically not one of the forces that make for righteousness. If anv one I loved," said Mr. Scott to.Mr, Byathwayt iu a recent conversation, " insisted ; on going ou the stage contrary to my advice, IJ should * ' be ' terrilied - ' for * her ' future, and ' ' hopeless ' for tbe endurance of our affection or even friendship. For stage life, according to my experience, has a tendency to deaden the finer feelings, to crush the inner nature of men and women, and to substitute artificiality aud liollowness for sincority and truth ; aud, mind you, I speak from an intimate experience of the stage, extending over thirty-seven years. " It is nearly impossible for, a woman to remain pure who adopts the stage as a profession. Kverything is against her. The freedom of life, of speech, of gesture, which is the rule behind the curtain, renders it almost impossible for a woman to preserve that simplicity of manner which is, after all, her greatest charm. . . . But what is iufinitely -more to be deplored is that a woman who endeavours to keep her purity is almost of necessity foredoomed to failure iu her career. It is an awful thing to Bay, and it is still more terrible that it is true; but no one who knows the life of the green room will dare deuy it. Two things I want to be made clear:— " I. Tuat it is quite possible to lead a good life on the stage. Thousands do. Miss , for instance, is as good a woman as ever lived. But the fact that man)- do iead Kood lives does not remove the great temptations from the weaker brethren. "IL That I am not a canting prig or a Pharisee, who makes broad his phylacteries, and says, ' Thank God, 1 am uot as other men are.' The temptation of the stage is, and has been, quite as bad for ine as for anv one else, if not worse. It would disorder any life, and shipwreck any temperament, however religious, to have your whole miud devoted to tbe showy and the alluring for thirty - seven years." Mr. Scott went on to speak of the insatiable vanity of actors. " You may lie, in praise of an actress, till your "very soul is blackened ; but once tremble in the confines of veracity, and your life is a burden to you from thai hour. 1 have letters, literally by the hundred here, which I bave received during the last thirty years, letters which are lull of the foulest abuse, and which bears the ua:nes of some of the ba-it-knoivu theatrical people o. the day., How I couiu be revenged if I were to publish them." " There ii," Mr. Scott continued, "no school on oat th so bad for the formation of character, or that so rea lily. so quickly, and soiuevitably draws out all that is worst in man or woman as the stage. And I think the iCnglish stage is tiie woi-^t, for, as a matter of fact, tho Euglish are the lea-t nrtUtic peupli', and are mole completely without tiie saving grace of humour than any nation in thu world, nitd so the more readilv make themselves ridiculous." Sir. Blathivayt suggested to Mr. Scott that the discussion might bo turned upon tbe stace itself—that is. tbe stage that the public sees. As to the problem play, Mr. Scott said:— "My contention is that tbe plav you witness on the stage after dinner snouhi never exceed tho limits of decency you allow at dinner. But the idea of the problem-play people appears to be that the theatre is a piace where any nasty aubjeet can be discussed without fear or shame. Taka that iufamous play of [usen's 'Ghosts.' What is a younsr girl to think of that? . . . Ibsen fails because he is, 1 suppose, an atheist, and has not realized what the great backbone of religion means to the English race. He fails because he plays nasty, dirty, impure, clever if you like, but foul to tho last degree, and healthy-uiinded English people don't like to stand and sniff over an ashpit." ' And what do you think, Mr. Scott, of tbe religious or semi-relinious plav, which we have several times of late seen enacted in our midst? The "Pilgrim's Progress," for instance, and "The Sign of the Ciobs?" "Well," he replied, " they are good in their way, and very well meant, but I cannot say I think they have much of a future, nor do 1 think for the moment that it would be desirable that tliey should have. Where are you to stop. Look at Fraucoss Coppee s * Le Pater' —where a woman says the Lord's prayer on tbe stage. That will distress many people. You cannot enlist the stage on tho side of religion, try as you may." "The play with a good moral (continued Mr. Scott) has always been with us, and often docs great good. You know, lie continued, with a lauirh, ' The Ticket-of-Leave Man' is said to have converted hundreds of thieves from the error of their ways. And mind you, I do feel this, as every sensible person must ackuowledge, the stage, with care and caution, could be a great teacher. Where better than in a thoughtful play could we learn the lesson of loyalty in men and chivalry towards women." 