i'phjm mm mm (By Ernest Favenci1 ' '. L WISH to say that II had no ? hand whatever in the production of the ghost of M'Phaii's . roan bull. I make \\_5_ this statement de -^- signedly because §£ZJ many people, Wiiih M'Phail amongst if them, although he's ¥T~7\s. dead now, assert |MA. that I prepared a fg§|k) Uve animal to re ffjr present the ghost of / ^* M'Phail'B roan bull, j*87 which appeared af mjl/ ter the death of the tf- animal, at Danwi ga Station, and waa the cause of such disastrous doings. Personally I know that on two occa tfon of M'Phail's roan bull was a true ghost; of the other occasions on which it was alleged to have appeared, I knew nothing. This statement I have solemnly made before, but nobody has be lieved me, so, before telling the story, and I am going to tell it truthfully, I desire to make the statement once more. M'Phail bore me no love, of that I am aware, but our stations adjoined, and we were on speak ing terms, sufficiently to . behave in a decent and neighborly way towards each other. He thought that I envied him his well- known stud bull, King Pippin, sire imported, and had 'designs on tha.t noble animal. I admit that I admired the beast which M'Phail, by no judgment of his own, had imported into the district, but I did not envy him the possession of the bull, or think of doing him an injury. But that was the way with M'Phail. He thought everyone who saw red headed Mrs. M'Phail fell in love with her, and wanted to elope with her, and he had a collie that he watched over at night, and, though no one would have had the cur at a gift, imagined every body was going to steal it. One would have thought that M'Phail would have been happy in possessing all these things which he valued so highly. But he wasn't. He always imagined that someone was going to steal them. And he felt mad when nobody tried to, or wanted to. If one had only run off with Mistress M'Phail, or stolen the collie, he would have pursued them with all the vengeance of man and law, and never csased to talk of it afterwards, but the only thing that was of any real value .took sick and died on his hands, principally from the distract ed efforts he made to cure the animal, and that was the roan bull, King Pippin. So afflicted was M'Phail at the sickness of the animal that he even sent over for my assistance. But the bull was in extremis when I arrived, so what little assistance I could have given was not needed. M'Phail, needless to remark, was more than deeply distressed about the death of the be loved and admired bull. Distressed was no name for it, he was bereft of reason for the time. I am quite sure that he would have preferred Mrs. M'Phail to have been the victim of Fate. 'It's the work of some scoundrel, some enemy,' and he looked fiercely at me, 'who envied me the possession of that noble creature, and, failing to steal him, poisoned him.' ?M'Phail, you're a fool,' I said. 'If you mean me, you're telling an untruth. And you know it.' 'How should I know it, man, surrounded as I am by enemies, who longed for that bull; how should I know what to think? Answer me that now?' 'How can I answer it? The bull's been fed up too much, and anything may kill him. Tou know that yourself. Tou've been stuffing him too full of green feed, or letting him stuff himself.' 'I think I know how to feed stud cattle better than you, Glaisher,' he said. 'Well, I wish you knew how to feed me. Here I've ridden twelve miles to see your confounded bull. I can't bring him to life again, or I would; and you're going to let me go home with out asking me if I have a mouth on me.' This touched MThail on a weak point, and brought him to the ground — for, to tell the truth, he was not inhospitable. He muttered something about being put out by what had happened, . and led the way to the toiise. Here, after our meal, M'Flhail grew somewhat himself, and said he had given orders to haCve the bull skinned. 'I-oai't do anything of the sort,'. I said hastily. 'You don't know what tihnt bull died off.' 'What do you mean?' he demanded. 'Meaa! Why, you know as well as I do that you might get one of your men blood-poisoned If the beast had died of 'CumberLamd' or anything of that sort.-' 'Tihen I'll do it myself,' be said, jumping up from the table. 'Don't!' shrieked Mrs. M'Phail. 'Mr. Glais her is quite night; you don't know what you might oafceh?' 'Don't I? I'm. going to catch the hide of my roan bull, King Pippin,' he said, getting up and leaving the room. 'Oh, don't let him. do it; don't let him do it!' sobbed Mrs. M'Phail. 'I can't stop him from doing it,' I returned. 'He knows the danger aa well as I do.' However, I got up and followed M'Phail down to tJhe yard, and found him with a knife and steel to his hand. I argued and remonstrated over the ibody of that wretched animal, who must have heard every word of it, and at last succeeded in restrainijig M!'Phail from carrying out his inten tion. 'The beast is cold by this time, and you'd have a job to take Ms (bide ofi. L*ook what a eight he'd appear badly skinned. Wlhy, if I was the bull, I'd haunt you.' I think MIPhaM was touched, for !he gave orders to get a couple- of draught horses up and drag King Pippin away in the bush for a bit and cre mate his body. Much relieved, I rode hoimo. I had seen one ease of blood poisoning, and did not want ever to witness another. Not tlha't I really believed that the bull died of anything but a surfeit of green feed; but still, when anything dies suddenly — (horse, bull, bulloek, or sheep — there is always danger in handling the body with bare hands. So I went home with a good con science, and a highly satisfactory feeling of hav ing saved a toman being from destruction. Did I? I'm airraid not. It must have been about the middle of the night when a peculiar Mmd of voice awoke me, eaying 'I say, Glaisher!' I awoke-^ut once. Tiie room was flooded with the most brilliant moonlight, and in the middle ?stood King Pippin; or, rather, the ghost of King, Pippin; for no respectable bull would walk into any man's bedroom at the dead hour of night, with bis hide flayed off, and flayed in tlhe most disgraceful fashion — cuts and gaeb.es everywhere. 'Don/t be frightened, GJLaisher,' said the appear ance, 'I bear yoa no grudjge. On the contrary. You succeeded in stopping thalt fool M'Phail Crom taking my hide off, and this is the figure I should have looked. Do you call it a pretty figure?' 'Scarcely,' I returned, regarding the object be fore me. And I leave it to anybody to say whe ther a ball without ite hide would look a pretty object, excepting to a medical student. 'Sat why itave you come to see me about the matter? I saved your carcass from ffiie indignity?' 'I know you did, and I thought that you would like to see how I would have looked if. MTPhail had succeeded in his design.' Tan awifudly obliged,' £ remarked, 'but really, if you hadai't taken the trouble, ***np» wottlti have been just as jolly.' 'Think I'll frighten M'PlbaM?' 'No doubt of it Frighten. Mm off the station, I tihould think.' 'I should Mke to. The mean dog! After stuf fing me with lya.nik, green feed, and then, doctoring me to death, he wants to' skin me. Now, if he'd only wanted to eaw off my horns and preserve them as a friendly memento, it would . not have been eo bad. But to wmst to skin me for what my hide ?would fetch, after pretending such love (or me. Pooh! I'll give him the coW. sweats to night. So-lone!' . 'Hold on!' I cried. 'ThSmfc of. Mm. M'Phail Iton't frighten her.' . 'Wo, you donkey. We ghosts '.cab: materialise before whom we like. Mix. iS^POmil -*4ffl tie sleeping soundly, while McPhail will be half out of his mind." In an instant the portent had -v&ntoflied;, «nd. I got out of any bed and. ktoftsd about One Hoar, expecting to find bloodstains all over It, Bat no, there was nothing, and I caine 46 the cottciarilon that ghosts were bloodlesB. - ;. --Z ?.-???'? * TMs occasion was one of *9» twu-m Trtbicb I can afflran to the actual appeaiwaoe 4g. W&atflta; bull. . '. XL Early next morning came a hasty messenger over to my place. He had been riding batfiV and hand ed me a note marked 'UTBBnt.' 'Come over, please, and *ee iMEhail/'it leafl; 'I don't know what can have dome *o Mm since King Pippin died. Do come, If yoa bays time.' This -warn signed with, vrtutlyrefameapyreveMn. MThairs ftifflaTw. : JNatorally'I saaaiefi my noise and went \\. . , :-'?.-?- '????.? 1 f oundiM'Pnail Tory wild-looking, and vceriain ly not himself. Hebegan at me at once. 'TGIal eher, what did you 'mean by saying that King: Pippin would haunt me? l-ast night I saw him! I -saw him, I tell you, and I believe it was your doing.' . . ? : 'Oh, hang it, man!; K$ng Pipping burst How could you see. him last night?' 'I heard a voice calling 'M'Phail! M'Phail! get up and see your work!' _TJp I got, and came out side. There I saiw an animal like King Pippin would have been if I had taken the hide off his cold carcass with a blunt knife. Lake I was go Ing to do. Now tell me, man; tell me, it was no trick of yours. If- 1 thought that it was I should be all right, after I'd punched you, or you'd punched me. But nojrt If it was a real spook! My sinful soul! I shall go mad!' I did my very beat to quieten the man down, and persuade him that' it was a dream, but I had a hard job, and besides, he bad shouted bis accu sation against me out bo loud, 1 know that from that occasion arose the idea that I load been playing ghost tricks. I managed to a certain extent, ana we went down and looked at the charred remains of King Pippin, and gradually he got reconciled to the Idea that he Jad experi enced only a hideous nightmare; but I knew In my own heart that it was nothing of the sort Sometimes now I feel eorry that I had not lied to-the man. It might have saved his life. How ever, it was not to bo, and I returned home, leav ing M'Phail a little calmed down. That night I was -again awakened by the ghost of the flayed bull, who hadn't been flayed. 'Glaisher!' he said, in that calm, familiar man ner that ghosts assume. 'What am I to do? I had no intention, I assure you, of driving M'Phail to such an extreme, but from the way he spoke about me when you were talking over iny body, I concluded that the man had no heart, no feelings. Now I see that he has/and I feel deep regret about the matter.' 'Well don't go appearing to hi™ any more then, and he will soon get all right.' 'Very easy to say that; but if you were a ghost you would know different. If you appear to a man once, you must appear to him three times. It's a law no ghost can break.' 'If you show up to M'Phail any more you'll drive him out of his mind,' I replied. 'I don^t want to do that; but what am I to do? I must go and see him again; I'm bound to tell you.' 'Well, if you must you must; but must you go to-night? Otherwise, we might fix things up a little.' 'How do you mean?' 'I persuaded M'Phail that he had experienced a bad nightmare, and he seemed to thinV that I had be-n playing a trick on him. Now, I will let him hold that opinion, and think that I have been playing a trick on him.' 'And cast dishonor on the ghosts. Xiet it be thought that a real genuine ghost was only a tur nip and a: candle, so to speak. No! not to be thought of.' 'I can think of nothing else. Can't you put It off until to- morrow night?' 'I can do that if you'll promise not to play any tricks in the meantime.' 'Very well.' 'Honor brioiit?' I gave my word, and the ghost of King Pippin departed with the same celerity as he did the night before. % _ ' I had ^o keep my word even to a ghost, but I determined to go and sleep over at M'Phail's. I had a good excuse, just to look after him in his nervous condition. So I went. Mrs. M'Phail was gl~d i,j see me, and told me that her husband had passed but a restless night, and he too was glad to welcome me to stop the night I determined to keep awake, as I was cer tain that I should hear the ghost's voice as well as M'Phail, but I didn't, or, rather, I dropped off to sleep. I awoke with a start, and instinctively went out on the verandah. Good heavens; there is the brilliant moonlight stood M'Phail, talking to something that— that night— I could not see. He had a revolver in his hand, and, shouting loudly to Mrs. M'Phail, I ran down the two or three steps of the verandah, and I distinctly heard these words. 'Then you must come again?' 'Yes, I must!' came a voice from the invisible. 'Then I can't stand another sight of you!', and before I could get near he had shot himself. Mrs. M'Phail was just behind me, and there was a terrible scene, into which I need' not go Into details. But M'Phail had gone to join King Pip pin in ghostland, and, perhaps, he was happier. That really is all I know about the tragedy. 