MYS OF' DANGER. ~~ ? [copyright.] Thrilling: Narratives of tlie Bnshranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LAC IE. . . ? ! ? .-! ' ?''-?'iN-PiVE -PARTS. ' ' ?'??'? ? ♦ ? PERIOD, 1846. ^?.,^^:r. ? =* ? ^- PART II. ' If these trees could only talk,' mur mured Koenan, ' what a grent deal moro wo should know. That big fellow could tell us all about the poor wretch beside it. Ax.anyrate, ho couldn't have died of thirst; ''ho went' on aa he waded a Binan creeK coconunuo ma wont, inure ia water enough about here to swim a ship if it was all gathered tqgother. They say thirst is the worst kind of de&uh.to; meet, . but I suppose it's all the same iri tho end. It might have been hunger, though that's not very likely, as there is a little food about hero — if one cWKOnly get hold ? of it. Surejy we've j^^o^'itl a^hrisbian^uj- ial lis^well aa.-.w^o could, though it would have been all the better for the priest. We can't help that ? now. I sod a prayer myself over the relics, and we are tould tho prayers of a good man. availeth much. Confound that sprig !' Oh, tho curse of Oromwell on it ! 'Tia fifty feet long, an' sure I've bin cuttin'. at it for five minutes. Are yob'there, 'Western ?' ThiB was about the burthen of Keenan's soliloquies during tho day. He kept OTeaUin wellat-hnnd, and if the latter's axe failed to indicate his whereabouts the Irishman soon hailed- him. The particu lar part of the district where the body .. had beeri'fonnd was the worst which the surveyors had so far encountered,, and slow progress was made. Every day or so the camp, which was welf equipped, was shiftort nearer to tho terminus of the. track,- and.' on tho day ^following the gruesome discovery it, was carried to a point not fifty yards from the monster stringy-bark tree, beneath which the bones were laid. .Tj^e men as a body were not at all superstitious. Except the leader and Keenan, who, like Richard the Third, were more afraid of sha'dows at night than the substance of ? ten thousand men, the others would as soon face a ghost as run away from it. Tuis waB a fact which didmuch to ensure the harmony of the camp and stamp Edwarda'a party as the best for rough wild work in the colony of Van Dieman's Land. During the day Keenan was a ghost in Himself, but at night tho cry of the curlew seemed to him a repetition of the Banshee's wailing, and he allowed imag ination to uneurp the place of reason. The usual practice of a surveyor's tetmp is to -have one regular cook, but in Edwards's this rule was departed from, and Walsh, Jones, and Keenan took week about at the work. It so happened that the week follow ing the =discpyery of, the skeleton was Keenan's turn to act as chef, and like everything else he did. it well. Un fortunately for him he was alone a con siderable portion of tho day, and- -the camp was in the immediate vicinity of the ' grave tree,' as the men , termed it. His comrades were always in Bound of the camp, and in nine cases out of ten returned before dark, but frequently not until after twilight had set in. It was on the evening of 7th May that Michael Keenan received the shock which was so acutely felt that ho deter mined-to 'sever his connection with the party and leave the service of the government. True, he was partly dis . suaded from doing so, but ho managed, ? ? ? by the way he worked, to have the ??' wfeoieV-'party transferred. to another por tion of the colony, a course which pleased all the men. Evan Edwarda'B supersti tion materially assisted towards that. :- The' sun had set and the gloom of night was fast approaching. The deep shadows momentarily growing darker were creeping over tho scene, and never before had Keenan felt the indescribable louliness and solitude of the place. 4 By Heavens! I should go mad if I had tospend twenty-four hours in this locality by myself. It would be worse than death,' he murmured. Never before had he so missed the comfort of human companionship, and though he busied himself in making pre parations for his comrades' dinner — for the'principUl meal was in the evening — he could not shake off the deep depres Bion which, like a1 nightmare, set upon him. 'It's time they came, anyhow,' he murmured, .walking from the cheerful looking fire on which the camp-oven swung, and going to tho side of the track which-ran paBC the spot. Of courso'.the firBt object on which his eyes reBted was the giant tree which formedj' so to speak, tho mammoth obelisk which marked the Unknown's grave, and as ho looked he devoutly crqAsetb JfimBelf. A few yards beyond tho tree the track gave a Budden turn to the west, and ho was about turning away 'in disappointment when a figure turned the corner of living -vegetation. 'That's Edwards,- thank goodnesB. The otherswon'b be.far behind.' Well, everything is ready, at all events,' he said aloud, as if it were something sooth ing'h& gazed on tho approaching figure. In a few seconds thh man was at the foot of the tree eagerly scanning around it, and as Keenan looked an indefinable feeling of horror tilled his heart. His supposed chief was none other thatf'irhd ghost of the buried corpse. There was the bald huad, and aa he turned and searched about, thelrishman fancied .Tie oould see the scar across the forehead and the sinister look. Yet it was not quite the same, for a. long beard now osw-rgrew tho face. Keenan was a brave man except where the supernatural was concerned, and for tho Jifa.of him lie could not move from the spot he stood on, and his tongue refused to act. Each moment he became mor^JJuip .ever-convinced that.it was no living man, but (lie phantom of tlio bones— or rather the ghost of tho photo graph — which ho was looking an. It moved about noiselessly and seemed to bo hunting for its missing skeleton, for it Went down on its knees and ex amined tho ground most, minutely. Then it went to the grave and back on to the track in a fow seconds. After again examining the particular spot where the bones had lain, tho object. Bpravrgup: noisele'asly and silently plunged into tho dense bush towards th.o west, holding a skin cap in its hand; and most dearly revealing the bald head. 7 A -few moments later Edwards, Jones, WeBton, and Walsh camo into Bight, and gave 11 oheerful coo-ee as a salute to the cook. It remained unanswered, and when in a couple of minutes the four men camo up, Keenan wnsstanding'rigid in tho same spot and looking naif indeed' ho had seen a ghost. ' What on earth is tho matter, Mike ? Are you struck dumb or petrified '? What tho deuco is the matter, I Bay ?' askoil Edwards. For answer Keenan turnod his head in a stiff sort of a way as though he wore a Marionette and workod by springs, and gazed with wide-open eyes on his chief. ' Is there anything amiss, Mike? I hope you haven't got lock-jaw or any thing like that. What is the matter?' queried Edwards again. ' I'vo soon it,' was tho short response gasped out. ' What do you mean by it? Tell us what you mean. You haven't seen a ghost, I aupposo,' asked Edwards. ' Yob, I have. I've seen the ghost of tho man wo buried at the foot of tho big tree there, just now. It ran away whon you came along, 'answered Keenan in a feeblo voice. A loud peal of laughter from Weston, Jonen, and Walsh greeted this Ktate*, ment, but Edwards remained as silontaa tiio Btricken Keenan, and askod for further information. ' I'm going to be a dead man soon, I know. Anyone who sees a sight like that never lives long,' groaned Keenan. ' I. ..tell yon, 1 saw the ghoat, of that, skeleton'. there not live minutes ago. I came here to see if you weru coming, and :i moment or two afterwards it, camo into sight thero at the bend. Going to tho tree just at tho spot we found tho bones, it began to search about, and even wont on its knees. It looked at the grave once and then searched again, but ran away when you came along.' 'Ban away, eh? Han away I That's good for a ghoBt. You should say it melted or Boated away, Mike. Ghosts don't run away, you know,1 interjected Jones moat irreverently. ' Hero, what have you got for dinner, Miko ? Not phantoms, 1 hope. We want something more substantial than that, 1 can toll you,' added Weston with a laugh. ' ? 'As sure aa I'm standing afore you I am telling the truth. There it was with the prent bald head and the scar across the forehead, only there was a beard over the face. It held a fur cap in its hand, so I could easily see the head,' retorted Mike with conviction. ' But ghosts don't grow beards, so far as 1 know,' replied Jones with a merry laugh. ' You forget that at the time tho photo, was taken tho man was shaved, as we can see there, but at the time of death the beard would most likely have grown. In fact, in a locality like this, you will not, find many barber'a shopa, and bushmen do not carry razors. In fact, Keenan, your description would be just what I wouid expect tho original of that photo, to develope into before death, ' remarktd Evan Edwards in a half convinced way. The three other men did not care to openly rally their chief on the subject, but they exchanged smiles and meaning 'lances with each other and went towards the tire in order to make pre parations for the meal, as they could see Keenan and Edwards were deeply inter ested in the apparition which had so unexpectedly appeared to disturb tho harmony of the party. Keenan continued to impress on the willing ears of his chief what he had seen, and tho surveyor began to believe, his statements as firmly as if he himself .had.- seen tho spectre. Indeed, the ordinary reader of to-day who may chance to notice this as he sits in his snug and cosy drawing-room with his family around and police within call, may venture to scoff at Keenan's fears as utterly absurd and improbable. Yet boiuo of the brightest intellects of tho day are banded together in Psychological Research So cieties to try and discover the orjgin of tho mysterious phenomena by which man is admittedly surrounded. And let .that sceptical reader place himself in Keenan's position. Tho Irishman had observed a figure which resembled the photo, found beaide ?tho Bkeloron. There was no doubt of that, and it was subsequently proved. Moreover, the surroundings were awe inspiring. The solitude, the wildness — the death of day — all conspired (.0 in fluence tho human mind. Both Edwards and K*enan had been brought up to believe in folk lore, in fairies, in banshees, and ghosts. It had seined on their minds, and deeply rooted as it was, there could not bo a doubt they both believed — one in the evidence of his senses — tho other in the evidence given by his friend, and on whom he could rely. In a sort of mechanical way Koonan aBBisted to lay the rough bnt substantial dinner, and hia mates seeing tho look of perturbation and deep seriousness which overspread his face, forbore to amuse themselves at hia expense. Yet they were utterly sceptical on the subject. Not in the remotest sense could they imagine such a thing as a ghost possible. Like Thomas of old, nothing but the evidence — the visible and tangible evi dence of their own senses — would con vinco them. It was Bhortly after the meal that Keenan, who kept close to hia comrades and occasionally glanced round fearfully, said : ' I am going to leave to-morrow, Bir. I couldn't stay another day, for tho place is haunted, and I know I'm marked. We want aotno more stores. The corn beef is nearly run out, and there's only a week's flour. If you give me the order I'll get thorn sent on and another man in my place.' This was quite unexpected and most unwelcome news for all tho party. Keenan was a universal favourite, and tho idea of his leaving them was tantamount to breaking up tho camp altogether. Before the chief, who was in a vory silent mood, could reply, Weston said : 'You surely don't mean that, Mike. If you go I wouldn't caro to remain, but if it's tho fear of ghosts that's- driving you away, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll go and sleep at the foot of tho 'grave tree' for the next week every night to lot you soo it is all folly about wraiths and phantoms and such like.' ' So will I,' interjected Jones. 'I'll dp the same. There's nothing in it nt all. Bosh! GhoBts, indeed! I would like to seo one, or half a dozen, for that matter.' Walsh added his news on tho question, which was of a Bimilar nature, but none of the arguments had the leaBt effect on Keenan, and Edwards rather put the veto on their proposals when ho said : ' It's no use you talking like that. Of .courao ghosts don't appear to everyone. It is only certain poople that are privi ledged to see them, and ifc is always a bad Bign for that person. I'vo made up my mind not to stop hero any longer. We havodono pretty woll in this locality, xnd tho Government should relieve us. I will ask for a tow months' spoil of work in a settled diBirict whore wo can got proper food and not bo buried alive. To-morrow morning wo will broak up cam)) and return to tho depot.' This resolution was a very abrupt one, bnt nono of the men objected to it. Indeed, non-scepiical as they were, Jonos, Walsh, and Woaton agreed that it would bo unwise to destroy tho belief in ghosts which possessed the mind of their chief. Tho trio wcro just as anxious as tho two spectre-haunted men to ex chango their wild rough lifts for tho same kind of work in the settled parts. Alrendy they had been four months in thu north- wcbI: district, and they could fairly claim a change. Well, you should know boBt, sir,' spoke Weston artfully, whon Edwards hud concluded. ' It may be as you say, and, of course, because 1 have never soon a ghost, it jb no argumont that nono exist. I quite agree with what you say.' Tho other two sceptics were also con vinced that tho locality might indeed bo haunted, and in a few minutes there, was quite iv unanimous feeling in favour of going away from tho ill-fated spot at once. That night Walsh, Jones, and Weston took it in turns to watch, for Edwards and Keenan appeared to be in mortal ?droa'dof a spectral visit. In the morning Jones reported that ho fanciod ho saw a shadow moving round and round the big tree, but ho wns too much afraid to investigate 'the cause of the appearance. Hi; furthermore de voutly thanked heaven that Edwards and Keotian hud not accepted his offer to sleep under tho treo. This report only hastened preparations for dfipiirture. Before leaving, Walsh, Jones, and Weston mndo a careful examination ol the grave and its vicinity, and sure enough they found indications that some animal or other had been about the place. The soft earth of the mound had been partly trodden down and the trucks were much larger than any animal in the region could make. Indeed, they were not unlike tho imprint of a man's foot if it wore wrapped in cloth or in akin, and tho threo men began to believe that Keenan had really seen some object. ' I have it,' exclaimed Weston, after a few .minutes. 'There has been an aboriginal about here. Seeing the track ho would come along it, and noticing the grave would no doubt examine it. That ?is what, has frightened Koenan, but we mustn't say so or they may stop here some time longer. 'Tho blacks don't put anything on their feet or wear Bkin caps,' remarked Jones. 'The few that are left may do so, for they are partly civilised, and besides Keenan was in such a fright ho would bo likely to mistake what he really saw,' said We9ton. 'And the bald head. I never saw an aboriginal with a bald head unless the fellow were scalped,' added Walsh. ' I tell you those things only existed in Keenan's imagination. The moment ho saw the figure of course he concluded it must bo the ghoBt of the dead man. You may depend when that camo into his mind ho would not bo able to think of anything else. Who else' but a black — and a stray one at that — would come about hero. Tho action, too, is just what a black would adopt. Seeing the newly turned earth in tho dusk he would stoop to examine. tho place, and of courao run away when he heard or saw us coming along the track,' protesied Weston. His contention seomed reasonable enough, and as it was tho only probable explanation of the mystery, it, wns then and there adop'.od by tin; threo sceptics. On their return to camp, however, they greatly impressed Edwards and Keenan by a narration of what they had found. The tracks, they said, were sue)? us no human being in the life would make, and there was no animal on the whole of Van Diemnn's Land that could leave such impressions. Something uncanny had happened they were convinced, and the sooner tho party cleared away the better it would be. Tho two pack-horses had already been loaded, and by nine o'clock Edwards and his party were turning their faces to the east after their four months exile in the north-western wilds. Many a curious glance was cast back at 1 he haunted apoi, and it was hours before the big stringy bark disappeared from view. Tho party had really done good work, and Edwards was quite justified in returning to settle ment, though it is quite probable he would have put in another couple of months in the wilderness had it not been for Keenan's ghost suddenly interrupting the operations. As a matter of necessity, most of the food taken or sent along to the survey parties consisted of salt junk, pickled pork, and such like. Some of this was of a villainous nature — thanks to the want of proper supervision over the con tractors by the inspectors. Without vegotables tho lot of tho surveyors would not have been a pleasant or even healthy one, but the gun was brought into fre quent use to get game either on land or water. Even with this aid the health of tho men suH'ered if they wen; kept in the bush too long, and hence a time limit was always placed upon operations in the far unsettled parts of the island. To Bf Continued. 