TALES ANJ) SKETCHES. rülILISHED EV SrSOlAL AHBAKUEMBMT. A WOMAN TEMPTED HIM, BY WILLIAM WESTALL, Author of " With the Red Eagle," " SOUB of Belial," "Trust Money," "A Fair Crusader," " Tho Old Faolory," " Two Pinches of 8nuff," "Larry Loheugriu," "Roy of Roy's Court," &c;, &o.; COt'lKlGllT. ClIAl'TEB X.-AFTbB TUE HtJM "He u dead 1 he is dead I Oh, my brother' my bl other '" cried Esmeralda, weepmg, as she and Lyle bent over Reuben "No, oui) si mined and not badly huit, I hope," said Lyle "But that terrible wound-see how it bleeds My poor mother , it will kill her Li le, * ho was a doctor s son, und had been brought np in a surgery, damned hishuudker chief on thu wet grass and wiped the blood from Reuben's face " Hie wound IB not scriuus, only skin deep, but as it is in the region of several email veins it naturally bleeds a good deal If there he nothing worse nil will be »eil-" " Thank God ' thank God ' ' murmured Esmeralda " Here's a flask, sir," enid the groom, who had been ilose behind thom "Cognac with a dash of vi atcr " L)lc, i aiBing Reuben's head, poured a few diops of the braodv down Ins throat, and willi inexpressible relief Esmeralda saw life returning to her biolher's eyes, and colour lo his checks "Issy, what's up'-where am I*-who*' he gasped "I remember, it was the tree," and he tried to gel up ' Keep still uud lean against in) knee You will be better soon luke another sip of brand)," Bald Lyle "I um belter now, and shall be all right in a minute or two Another drink- thank you I dont think I have Irokcu anything (inoviuc Ins limbs) "You were right, hstna Black Di imond is not to he trusted in the foi«st What «re you cr}log about* Did you think I vius killed'" "I was terilbl) frightened when I saw you I)me; there senseless, your face covered with blood," «he said, taking his baud "How was It, dear ' ' " You st c the ditch that runs past the beech-it is nothing of a jump, a child could smile it-well, Black Dunno d weut al it as if he weie going lo cat it, leaping high enough to clear a M.\ foot hu die 1 went crash amongst the boughs ; one btruck me ou the client, another nu the head, and I wus sent xpinuli g C in you blow a hoi n, kyle * No ' \ou can, Esma I (aught you Give a good blast to that those fellows may know where we ure, aud if they catch the hurte bring lum lins way " Mi-s Fairlight put the horn to her lips and ble-w with u vigom that made Lyle open his eyes. "1 can get up now," says Reuben. Lyle and the groom helped him to bis feet. " How do you feel now ?" inquired Lyle. "Nearly all right-only my head hums a hit, uud uiv cheal feels rallier dicky." li was liku a plucky lad to make light of his hurls, but Lyle saw lhat he was in pain and more hurl than he would admit. "Shall Lester fetch the dog cart? It can come close up. We are ouly two or thice hundred yards from a ride ?" suggested Esmeralda. " No, 1 will ride," said her brother, resolutely. " Bring your horse* here, Lester." " Better ride Sobersides, he is safer ; Mr. Lyle can ride Lester's horse." Reuben assented, and the groom lifted him into the saddle, but Lyle refused toridi He walked beside sobersides with his hand on the saddle ready to support Reuben if he should need help. As Esmeialda scanned her brother's face she grew faint with dire forebodings. He had become very pale again, the bloodstained handkeichief with which Lyle had bound his head gave him a ghastly look ; he rested bolh hands on liis saddle bow and it was evidently all he could do to keep up. But Llleilea was very near and they got home without further mishap, meeting on the way tbe two whips, who had got the bounds together and caught Black Diamond. When Reuben was on his feet again he declared that lie felt "a lot better," and walking into the bouse without much difficulty, sat down in au easy chair before the breakfast room fire. His siBtei wanted him to lie on the sofa. " No, I want my breakfast. You need not look so anxious, Esma, I am only a bit shook. I shall he all right to-morrow. I have kuown fellows come far worse muckers hunting and be all right the next day." "I hope you are right. Reuben. You know best how you feel. But you must be very quiet to-day. And how about mother ? If I tell her you have had a fall she will think you are killed, and if I don't tell her somebody else will." " I'll tell her myself after breakfast, and then she will know for sure that I am neither killed nor going to kick." W liich he did, though the going upstairs was hurd woik for him. Hu had to stop several times, gasping for breath, and overy breath he took guve bim pain. But the lad s pluck was undeniable. He would notgive in. Esmeralda wanted to send fortho doctor; but Reuben would not hear of it, saying that if the doctor came he would not sec him. " I'll have my chest rubbed with ' Elliman ' belore I go to bed, and I shall he all right in the nioimnc," he added. This phrase was always in his mouth. When he returned to the breakfast room after seeing bis mother, he said he had made all right by promising never to ride Black Diamond in the forest again. Lyle glanced at his watch. "You want to be going," said Reuben. " Won't you stay till after lunch andjpeep a fellow oompany ? It will be M*0ka*7 slow Biopivrig in the house." Lyle consented on cor.ntion of Reuben lying on the sofa and r.omising to keep very quiet. | " Can't; we play at something ?" be asked. Lyle suggested chest, but Reuben objected, Baying that chess was harder work than reading, so tbey played Halma instead. When the Halma palled they tried draughts. Growii g weary of that Reuben yawned, Bttetchud MB arms, and declaring that he felt a lot better proposed a walk-only to the stables and back. A breath of fresh air would do him all the good in the world. Lyle demurred, but as the patient seemed realty better and was very persistent, he ended by giving in, and they went out, Reuben leaning on IIÍB companion's arm. The wind was cast, the uir keen and nipping, and before they had gone far Reuben had a fit of coughing and brought up blood. " This won't do at all. We must go baok and you must go to bed," said Lylo. " No, hang it, I am not that bad. It will bo time enough to go to roost after dinner." " You must go now. My father was a doctor, aud I know something about these tilings. I remember his having a patient who had an accident not unlike yourB. It was nothing very serious, and all that my father thought it necessary to prescribe was perfect rest for a few days, and perfect rest can only be obtained in bed. But the patient thought ho know better, ana after staying indoors for a day or two went about as usual, Within a week he was a dead man. Frightened hy this and the bleeding, Reuben surrendered. " Very well. I'll do as you wish, Mr. Lyle," he «aid resignedly. " But it is an awful bore.". So they returned to the house, and Lyle told Miss Fairlight what had befallen, and her brother wa» helped to hil room. " Don't yon think I had better send for Doctor Cartwright*?" che asked Lyle, when they were alone. " By all mean», and get him bare M won as possible," "It «ball be done st once-«nd it ti »»king a great deal, I know, for you have your work in to» u, but would you mind wailing uutil the doctor comes? I have nobody-my mother is not IU a condition lo deal nilli an emergency like this " Lyle answered that hu work would keep for auothei day, and placed himself at Miss 1 airtight s disposal, for which he was rewarded » ith vi arm thanks and a look more eloquent than words Doctor Cart»light came later in the after uoon, a grizzled old medico, who having atteuded the Tairlights for a generation naturall) knew all about them Esmeralda and Lylo accompanied lum to the sick room " You did quite right in Bending Mr Fair light to bed, he said, after a cursory examina lion ' His chest is a good deal contused and temperature over a bundled I shall not overhaul bim to day, the least disturbance might brin¿ on another hemorrhage " ' Cau't I go out tomorrow, doctor' queried Reuben plaintively " No, nor ti e day after to morrow And remember this the quieter you are and the m re strictly you obey orders, the sooner you will got better " The patient, who looked very sorry for himself, turned restlessly in his bed "If y ou don't remain perfectly Billi you will bring on another hemorrhage, and the consequeuces might be very serious,' added Doctor Cartu right in his severest manner " The only vvav to keep Reuben in order is to frighten him , I know lum of old," he re marked as they left the room " Is it very serious ' inquired Esmeralda, anxiously, with a strong emphasis on the "very ' " Not very, perhaps not even serious , but until we have made a thorough examination I cannot say positively All tho bsme, it ia a cas« which demands care, and with your per mission I shall wire tonight for a trained nurse and ask Dr Emdean, the eminent chest specialist, to meet me here in con sultatiou as soon as your brother is in a con ditton lo be thoroughly overhauled " I " Is it so bad as that ' Oh dear " " It is not bad at all, my dear young lady, and a nurse will make it better, not worse One of the right sort will exercise more authority over your brother than auy member of the family could, and this is essentially a caEc in which good nursing is more than half the battle. And your brother's life is so valuable-the only son and heir to u great estate-that I think it will he more satis- factory to everybody concerned to have another opinion." "But what will my mother Bay? I am afraid she will be angry when she hears I sent for you without consulting her." " Leave that to me. 1 will speak to Lady Mildred. This is the way lo her room, I lliink." . " My mind ÍB relieved of a great weight," whispered Esmeralda to Lyle. " My mother thinks Dr. Cartwright holds her life in his hands ; he can do anything he likes with her." When the docter rejoined ihem he said that he had left Lady Mildred quite tranquil and convinced that she had better not see Reuben until ( he following morning, then added that as another hemorrhage was possible he should not be left alone long, especially in the night. " 1 shall watch with him," said Esmeralda. " I think you bad better let me," said Lyle. "As I acted for two or three years as my father's unqualified assistant, I have had some experience of sick rooms." " And you would know what to do in an emergency. Nothing could be better," observed the doctor. " But you need not sit up with bim. You could lie down on a sofa or truckle bed ; it will be quite enough if you ere within call." " So good of you !" murmured Miss Fairlight. "You are apprehensive!" said Lyle, interrogatively, as he accompanied Doctor Cartwright to his carriage. " Of ulterior consequences, yes; not of immediate danger. When Reuben was a child he bad a weak chest, but I hoped he bad outgrown it ; yet he had a troublesome coughjlast'epring, which gave me some concern. And there is a family history-" " Phthisis»" " Yes. Two of Lady Mildred's sisters died of comsumption, and her youngest daughter died of the same malady four years ago. That is really why I want Dr. Emdean to see him-he is famous for bis diagnoses. But I could not,- of course, say so to Miss Fairlight. She ¡B quiet unhappy enough already, poor child." "One question more. Is Lady Mildred hypochondriac ?" " Distinctly ; and 1 am rather afraid of religious mania." " Which means that she is half mad," thought Lyle as he teturncd to the house. CHAPTER XI.-LADY MILDRED'S DREAM. It was past eleven, and Lyle seeing that Reuben (to whom he had been reading aloud from one of his favourite authors) slept, put the lamp behind a screen aud« turned his chair to the fire. The day had been so eventful and exciting that not before had he been able to review its history and endeavour to forecast its conse- quences. His predominant feeling at the, moment was deep pity for these two children of adead father and a half-demented mother, who, though they had many acquaintances, seemed not to possess e single friend that took asincere interest in their welfare and was able and willing to give them Bage counsel and good guidance. Their married sister was in India, Lord Lindfield, a blasé man of the world and a thorough egotist, albeit he made a great show of sympathy, caine seldom to Ëllerlea, cared only for himself and gave all his mind to the preBervataSBot his health and the prolongation of his life, \heir other relatives and most of their neighbo9-(8 had been repelled by Lady Mildred's strange ways and religious eccen- tricities, For days together she would seclude herself helier own apartments, receiving nobody hujier doctor and a highly Ritualistio curate as crazy ns bersejf. No wonder Esmeralda was giave beyond her years, reBpooBive to sympathy, and grate- ful for advice, and that Reuben was rough, uncultured, and impatient of restraint. Lyle wa» beginning to think better of tho lad, and to be sceptical as to the truth of the reports he had heard about him, sotne of which, as he had already discovered, were either unvcracioua or malicious, mostly both. Albeit Reuben might have been rockleBs and extravagant, he waa neither vicious nor mean ; he had good impulses and a high courage, and, though he would always be more or less of a barbarian, there seemed no good reason why, with judicious leading, he should not develop into a respectable country gentleman aud a brilliant master of foxhounds; and Lyle resolved that in the event of bis beoom^g hi» old pupil's companion and guide, be would do his utmost to keep bim straight and turn his enérgica in the right direction, if only for Ms sister's sake. Lyle felt very sorry for Esmer- alda, and thought of her long after he had dismissed Reuben f ram hi» mind. Yet hi» mind wat harassed with doubts doubts whether hil conneoüon with tbe family of Ellerlea, so suddenly and strangely formed, would endure. A» touohtng Reuben« reoovery be bad no mtsgiWngt he would -get over his fall, and in no long lime, but the possible consequences foreshadowed by Dr. Cartwright were disquieting. If phthisis declared Itself travelling in wild or even distant countries would be out of the question ; and if the doctor recommended a sojourn iu Italy or the south of France Lylo'» services might not be required. In ihat event EUerlea would probably be shut up and Reuben proceed to the Conlincut with his mother and sister, and a suite of servants, perhaps a physician. There would be no place for a bear-leader. Lady Mildred's desire to take her son away from England and danger would be accomplished without Lylc's aid. Moreover, Lady Mildred was capricious, and as likely as not the displeasure with which she regarded him would grow into active dislike. Much would depend on Dr. Emdean's verdict, but at the best no decision could well be taken until Reuben had recovered from his injuries, which might not be for two or three weeks, and Lyle saw that he would have to endure as, best he could another period of uncertainly and suspense. But musing al midnight before a fire makes for drowsiuess ; after a while Lvlc's ideas became very mixed, the flickering flames took BtiaV¿e shapes, and the people he hud been thinking about and some others-Esmeralda and Pitcher, Mabel and Mimuis, Lady Mildred and Mrs. Fairlight, Reuben and Lorimer-passed before his mental vision in an incongruous and disjointed phantasmagoria. His eyes closed, his head drooped, and he was just " going off" when the door opened with a creak, and a ghost-like figure glided into the room. Thongh Lyle did uot believe in spooks, he was startled more than a little, and rose from his chair in sudden alarm. Then he saw that theintruderwas Lady Mildred, in a white dress- ing-gown, an ebony crucifix on her breast, and in bcr hand a small green-shaded lamp, whioh cast on her pale face a cadaverous gleam. " 1 dreamt he was dead 1 I dreamt he was dead 1" she moaned, and was going towards the bed when Lyle himself before her. " Reuben is doing very well, and fast asleep. For heaven's sake, don't disturb him," he whispered "You ure deceiv ing me, ho is dead I w isli to see for myself Who are you to staud between me and my son ' You are an emissary of lhat wicked w oman It is y ou who bavo killed him Let me pass, I say If I cannot see my boy alive I will see him dead," she screamed, and tried to push Lyle aside Reuben rose on hie elbow s and sprang out of bed " You here, mother ' he exclaimed " What do you want ? There nothing to worry about Mr Lyle is ttikitg every care of me, and I shall be all right in a day or iwo " You see for yourself. Lady Mildred, that Reuben is neither dead nor seriousl) ill But any sort of excitement is bad for him Allow me to conduct you lo vour room ' said Lyle, offering her his arm, which she took without hesitation, murmuring " I dreamt it, and my dream will come true , sooner or later something will happen, something will happen " Though no importance could be attached lo the words of a woman who was cither beside herself with anxiety or temporarily bereft of her reason, Lyle could not help being struck with the expression, "Something will happen, ' so like Edith Fairlight s ' Something may happen " On going back be found Reuben coughing, the result of another hermorrhagc, which, though slight, was sufficiently ominous to be disquieting " That comos of springing out of bed," re marked Lyle " It is a warning ' " It would have made anybody spring out of bed, my mother blowing you up and screaming in that way," said Reuben. " 1 thought w o were in fur a regular row, but you managed her very well. Don't tell Esma, it would only upset her." Lyle did not tell Miss Fairlight, but he told Dr. Cartwright, who seemed much concerned, and said that ho should not make any further examination of his patient for fear of bringing on still another hemorrhage. Then he had au interview with Lady Mildred and gave her what Reuben called the " straight tip," that is lo say, he informed her lad) ship that unless his orders were obeyed he should discontinue his visits. Reuben prevailed on Lyle to Btay until after dinner and would have had him prolong his visit still further. To this, however. Lyle could not consent-he had pressing engage- ments in town-but promised to come again soon, and Esmeralda, on her part, promised to keep bim informed about her brother, especially if he were worse. No news her« as to regard as good news. The plea was no mere pretext. Lyle was trying to increase his earnings by outside work, not without (success ; an article of his in the Balmoral had attracted attention and brought him an order or two, aud he had several books to review which he had flot yet found timo to read. Hence the two days he had spent at Ellerlea entailed a loss which he could ill afford, and he could still less afford to disappoint his customers. On the other hand, it had been more than unkind to leave immediately after the accident, also a breach of good manners and much against the grain to refuse Esmeralda'e request to await the doctor's coming. And his time might not have been wasted. There could be little doubt that he had secured her good will and Reuben's friendship, and If he did get the appointment it would be through their - influence. After the scene of the previous night he had not much to hope from Lady Mildred. Lyle reached his lodgings too late for any- thing but bed, especially SB he was sleepy and tired, and he turned in resolving to rise betimes and have a long day's grind, as he hoped, free from interruption ; for he was leaving the lion's share of the work in connection with Quips and Cranks to Lorimer, which, seeing that Lyle had provided the lion's share of the capital, seemed only fair. When he first came to London, with great expectations and a nice little balance at his bankers, he took chambers at the Templo ; but when Quips and Cranks went wrong, aud that was early in its career, he migrated to cheaper quarters, then, under stress of waning resource», to cheaper still, and was now lodged in two little roomB en suite, one of which be used as a study, on a third floor in a narrow street not far from Chancery Lane. Here and at the Wildman's Club, of which he and Lorimer were members, he did his writing. Early next morning the 'slavey of the establishment brought him a cup of milk, a roll, and a slice of bacon, and lighted the study fire, and when Lyle got up, whioh waa soon, he prepared his modest breakfast, reflecting the while on the contrast between bis scanty repast and Bohemian abode and the luxurious living and funereal footmen of Ellerlea HaU. ? * " it islike a calm after s storm," be thought, .' and I am glad of lb This moat be a day of work, , I shall not go out till dinner Um» and I am not likely to be disturbed. Lorimer li busy making np the paper, and a» that W114» arranged for! «hall not need to see-Pitcher. Glad of that too. The more I see of that fellow the less I like him. By the way, it is about time be was sending me a cheque for the proceeds. He promised to let me have it at least ten days before due date. However, ii is more his concern than mine. If I don't get the money I cannot meet the bill, aud it will be debited to Pitcher's account." When Lyle had breakfasted he cleared the table, and setting to work with great energy und determination went on without thinking of aught else uotil the door opened with a bang, and Lorimer, pale, panting, and per- spiring, burst into the room and threw himself in a chair. V What on earth's the matter ?" asked Lyle. " Have the dynuinitcrs blown up the Bank of England?" " Woree," gasped Lorimer, "a thousand times worse. Pitcher has burst up and bolted. He got all the money he could lay his hands on and, as isBupposed, Bailed for Botne destina- tion unknown last Fiiday or Saturday, aud unless we arrange willi another printer at. once the paper cannot be got out, and it will be all Ü.P." " Where have you got your fiction ? Who has been telling you this cock and bull story ?" asked Lyle, smiling incredulously. " Don't you know that it is a safe rule to believe nothing you hear and only half you sec ?" "I have both seen and heard, Mr. Lyle. When I went to Pitcher's half an hour since to make the paper up I found the brokers iu possession ; it was from them and an officer of the bankruptcy court that I got my infor- mation, There is also a detective hanging about. He asked nie if I had uny idea where Pitcher has gone. There is a warrant out for his apprehension." " In that case it is all U.P. and no mistake," (said Lyle, as quietly us though die question were an impending change in I he weather. " The scoundrel has no doubt discounted that renewal bill and pocketed the proceeds, and.I am liable for five hundred pounds which I have no means of paying. You aie right, it is all U.P. bolh with mc and Quips and Cranks. (To be continued. ) 