FICTION. THE MYSTERY OF GLEN ELLIS. ' GHOSTS, indeed ! The idea of peo ple in this age believing in such otter nonsense! It is too ridicul ous 1' There was scorn in Miss Rothsby's voice and in every feature of her pretty face as she spoke these words. Her companion, Charley King,^ young civil engineer, was amused, judging by the smile that came and went before he made an swer, in a half soothing, half apolo getic tone—' Ah, now, don't you ■ think you are a little severe upon my townfolks and their petidiosyn cracy ? You know a belief in whieh one is born and brought up is a part of his very nature, ac cepted in most cases without ques tion or reasoning. A few of our old men, I think, claim to have seen and heard something very extraordinary in the Glen years ago—before my time; as for the rest of us, I suppose not half a; dozen have ever been there: we j simply ignore the place.' ' That is i exactly what I supposed,' returned Miss Rothsby,triumphantly. 'Those antediluvians who sit, rain or shine in front of hotels and saloons, tell tlieir stupid vagaries over and over again until they come to believe them true, so make others believe.' * Perhaps you are right; but that does not alter the fact that the Glen | bears an evil reputation, and we are all familiar with the blood curdling stories of deeds said to have happened there.' ' It seems to me they can easily be explained. Doubtless when this country was new the Glen was the rendezons for ruffians and outlaws; secluded, al most inacessible for those who met there to be surprised. To doubly secure themselves they circulated horrible tales, raised a few ghosts, and made occasions to impose them upon the credulous early settlers. There is the case in a nutshell.' Charley shook his head in a doubtful way that irritated the pretty philo sopher. * Very well put, Miss Roth sby's; but there are certain things —' ' Nonsense!' she broke out half laughingly, half angrily. ' I know you are going to say something stupid and old fashioned, and I will not permit it. The robbers are dust long ago, and the ghosts and terrible deeds vanished with them, you may he sure; yet have you all, for such a palpable impos ture, buried in oblivion the most romantic and beautiful spot on earth. Fie upon you, young men, to let such a state of things con tinue 1' * But what can we do about it ? We were taught to re spect the opinion of our elders, and have done so.' 1 That's all very well; but respect can be carried too far/ ' Well, what do you suggest ?' asked Charley, a trifle impatiently. * That the Glen be thoroughly in vestigated. Just let the place be invaded by merrymakers, and the spell will be broken. Once known it will become famous, so that peo ple will come from far and near to see it.' ' It may be all just as you say,' responded the young man. ' But you forget the flowers. You told me tbat on the first day of your visit to the Glen you broke a blood-red blossom from its stem, when a stream of red fluid trickled , from the stalk, and the flower be came white. How do you account for that ?' * I don't try to account for it. Who can explain the vagaries of nature ? One flower stem exudes a milky substance, an other a red fluid, a third pure water. All are equally wonderful and in comprehensible. It is absurd to be affected by a phenomenon just be cause one doesn't understand it.' 4 Nevertheless, I think the flowers are the greatest objection to our project. Their peculiarity seems unwholesome, to say the least.' ' I suppose so—and it is such a pity ? You cannot think how I have set my heart on this picnic in the Glen. Imagine the effect of one or two hundred lanterns. There is not a thing I could wish changed.' 1 Ex cept the flowers.' 'Except the flowers. I wish they would disap pear for that one evening. Do you think we can persuade the others ?' ' We'll try ; the idea will be quite startling, however. We shall meet with much more opposition from the parents than from the young folks and if we hasten matters it will leave less time for talk. Friday will be the ' harvest moon' why not have it then?' 'Just the thing! Do you suppose Blarney and his harpers will go ?' * No, indeed, nor any other musicians in Ellendale. We'll have to forego dancing.' ' A moonlight pic-nie without dancing ? Preposterous ! If the harpers will not yield to my powers of persua sion papa must furnish the music ; he knows all about the Glen, and will be glad to help us.' ' I will tell you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of per suasion for the papas and mammas, aunts and uncles, who declare they have heard unaccountable sounds issue from the Glen. You will need them all, and wish for more j before we successfully lay the ghost. Ah ! here comes Letty and j Tom Maynard, and that is Jack ] Craig and Miss Annie behind them. ] Good ! Now we can begin the at- j tack.' Charley King had returned but a few weeks before this conver sation from a five years' absence in distant lands. Among his fellows there none had a higher reputation than he for those qualities which men as well as women most admire. It was not strange then that pretty Miss Rothsby, whom he found visiting his sister, an old schoolmate should find him particularly at tractive, and he, for his part, had declared to himself, after the manner of men hard hit at first sight, that it should be Hiss Rothsby or no one. About a mile from Ellendale was the haunted glen of which they had been speaking, marvellously beautiful and pic turesque. Miss Rothsby had spent many an hour there, for her friend and hostess was an important per sonage in household and parish matter, and there were times when the visitor must entertain herself. As she was a good walker she soon knew the country for miles around better than most of the young country women born and bred in the town, and so discovered the beautiful and secluded spot which bore so bad a reputation. ' Better not go there again, Miss Rothsby/ her host said to her when she spoke of her expedition at the dinner table and wondered that so charming a place was so little known. 'It is humiliating to admit that we are the victims of superstition, but everyone in the community believes that the glen is haunted.' 'Then, as I should immensely enjoy a friendly chat with a bona-fide ghost I.shall make a point to soon visit it again,' laughed the young lady. ' I hope not,' said Mr. King, gravely, ' for I fell deeply upon the subject. You, of course, noticed the oak tree that hides the pathway ? It was planted when I was a boy. A dreadful thing had happened there just before, though I cannot say positively there was anything supernatural about it.' ' What was it asked Miss Rothsby, curiously. 'Tell me all the story please.' 'I can only tell you what I know. An odd- looking foreigner passed through the town one day and dis appeared in the Glen. That night a shock as of earthquake was felt and people who passed near the forest hear strange, unearthly cries. From time to time these strange shocks were repeated. The man was never seen again, and it was supposed that he was murdered.' * Oh ! and is that all V asked Miss Rothsby, in a disappointed tone. ' The authorities considered it enough, and resolved to render the Glen as inacessibleas possible. For aught I know, yours is the first foot that has stepped within it for forty years.' 'I must say, then, you have lost more than you can imagine, and I shall try to atone, for your neglect of the loveliest spot on earth.' So answered the wilful beauty ; and to the Glen she went thereafter so often as oppor tunity allowed, declaring to herself as she sat upon the greensward drinking in the beauty of her sur roundings, that it was enchanted ground, and that she was under the magic spell. When Charley King came as he was a willing escort, and so long as she was by his side, what did it matter where they went ? The pic-nic by moonlight had been a Jong-talked of* plan among the young people of the vil j lage. The selection of the place . was left to these two visitors and | they had chosen the haunted glen. | Friday was the night appointed, j Some acquiesced willingly, others I reluctantly, but no one liad the | courage to refuse save the musi ; cians, who were against the little j heiress's most generous offers, and ; could not be persuaded to ' reck their lives, reason, and instrooments j by Son' f° fh.e hants of the devil : hisself.' So Mr. Rothsby supplied | the music, giving the men sent from | the city instructions to render any ! assistance they could, bidding them ! if possible, to arrange and light the j immense number of Chinese lan ] terns he consigned to them without the knowledge of the party. His plan worked well, for that their last night might not to be assailed by tales not conductive to steady hands, they were met at the train directed to the Glen, with strict in junctions not to pluck so much as a blade of grass. The sun had not yet set behind the distant mountain top when doors here and there throughout pretty Ellendale opened for the gay picnickers to sally forth. Merrily they set out, followed by kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through the village streets with lest and laughter, while curious eyes peeped at them from behind bhnds or open doorways. But when they entered the distant pathway and the sweet perfume of the forest prevaded the air as their light feet pressed the carpet of pine I needles, and jest died away, the laughter ceased, and the voices had a hollow sound. Fear seized upon , «hem j each bad a strong desire to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule of his fellows. Then the spasm passed, and in low voices they talked of little matters in the village. When the exquisite beauty of the Glen burst upon their view | all other thoughts were dispelled and the nervous reaction of their groundless terror made them doubly merry. Hundreds of lanterns gleamed faintly in the fading twi light from the trees and. vines on either side, and the grand old oak which barred the entrance was tairly covered with them. The first glimpse of the fair 4 queen of the night,' as her silvery disc rose above the tree tops, was the signal for a song, half chant half rounde ^ayj that had been composed for the occasion, and as the young people stood in the pride and strength of their youth, their faces upturned,] their rich, sweet voices filling the dying day with melody, one would have said, 4 Wise Miss Rothsby 1 Surely no restless, unholy spirits can abide here any longer. The magic of your innocent" bravery and your pure voices must exorcise them for evermore.' Scarcely speaking, in little groups, the young folks wandered from spot to spot in the ecstacy of delight. Especially did the flowers that gleamed so red upon the ground attract them; but Miss Rothsby had exaggerated the strain they made that they might be left un touched. She felt now that some natural explanation could be o*iven of their unpleasant pecularityt but I dreaded its effect upon weak nerves so wisely advised her companions to beware of them. She learned1 from the musicians that her father had intended coming on the same tram with them, but being de tained at the last minute, he would take the next one, and be with them before the evening was over • I so, as her light feet kept time to a'' favourite waltz, and a face she much approved was very near to j hers, she thought her cup of earthly ' bliss was nearly full. There was to be dancing until nine o'clock ! when supper would be served, and afterwards more dancing if 'they i chose , but the parents had insisted 1 that the young folks should be at home by eleven, and Mrs. Gray had promised for them by virtue of her chaperonage. The camp fire was lighted on a great flat stone near the oak tree, and to show its good fellowship cracked in the most cheerful way, while its ruddy glow threw into brighter relief the sombre branches of the pines way up the sides of the Glen. The baskets were emptied of their good things, the tempting feast was spred, the fragrant aroma of the coffee proclaimed, the last thing ready, Mr. King, as master of the ceremonies, was about giving the signal for them all to assemble, when distinctly throughout the place there came a soft, silvery sound like the tone of a clock striking the hour of nine. The dancers, pausing in the giddy whirl, looked at each other and said, ' What a pretty device of Miss Rothsby's!' but even as they spoke the earth seemed to tremble beneath their feet, while a lurid, unearthly glow lit up with appalling distinct ness every object in the Glen, to the very top of the beetling ledge above them. With a discordant, jarring sound the music stopped. Hearts ' beat fast; cheeks grew white ; then the sounds died away. ' What is it ? What does it mean ?' everybody was asking. Charley King made answer, although he could not quite controls the tremor in his voice. ' It must have been a slight shock of earthquake or some electrical disturbance. I have seen most wonderful phenomena in my time.' Partly reassurred the musicians went hack to their stand and the company sat down to table. But it was in vain they strove to speak naturally, in vain they strove to eat. Their voices were thick, their hands trembled, their hearts beat painfully quick and loud. After a few moments Mrs. Gray, smiling faintly, said— ' My friends, I fear I have taken cold in this beautiful but moist place. I propose that we adjourn to warmer quarters. What say you to a good-night waltz at my house ?' Before an answer could be given again there sounded throughout tbe Glen the faint, low chime so awfully distinct in its sweetness. With one impulse all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of human agony, stifle'd and seeming to come from beneath them, reached their ears, and a rocky door in the cliff swung back, revealing a cavern filled with light; but brighter than the light i about it was a human form wrapped in flame that sprang out of it and fell upon the greensward. Here was something tangible, and Charley King swiftly led the way towards the new horror. Too late! the form lay still, the voice was silent, and the flames were masters at last of him who had so long been their master. Exorcised were the ghosts for ever, harmless was the subter- j ranean chamber tilled with unmean ing apparatus and curious chemicals to those who found them, for the j evil genius was dead. For years the foreign alchemist had sought to wrest from nature, at any cost, her secrets, and had found, at last her very greatest death. A Constable Charged With Murder.—An extraordinary occur rence took place at Fresbford a small village about seven miles from Kilkenny. It appears that Mr. William O'Neill an extensive auc tioneer and merchant, drove to Freshford for the purpose of collect ing £7 or £8 due to him for household furniture by a police constable stationed at the village, j When he arrived the constable was on patrol duty, and Mr. O'Neill waited his return, chatting mean while to another policeman outside the barracks. When the constable returned from duty he walked straight into the barracks without speaking to Mr. O'Neill, and enter ing tbe guardroom, where there was i no other constable at the time he it is alleged, removed his rifle from I the rack, and, loading it with a buckshot cartridge fired deliberately at Mr. O'Neill through the window. 1 The pane of glass was shattered to pieces, and 12 pellets lodged in the unfortunate man, who survived only for about five minutes. The ac- j | cused walked coolly out of the barracks to his own residence where I I he was subsequently arrested and conveyed to Kilkenny Gaol under, a strong escort. The accused man, who is married and has a family of seven children, has been 16 or 17 years in the force, and has hitherto borne a good character. Sleep and Dreams.—Some re cent letters on sleep and dreams in tbe Spectator remind us of a case in the experience of Agassiz, which is recorded in his work on the Ame rican fishes. He was studying a fossil fish in the Jardin des Plants, but had never been able to deter mine the species to his satisfaction. After a time he dreamed that he caught the very fish, and without difficulty determined the question, thinking, as he woke from the dream, that he would have no difficulty. But on returning to the fossil something in the dream had escaped him, and he could no more determine the species than before. \ Then next night he had the same dream, and again forgot the essen tial point. He then determined to take a pencil and paper with him to bed, and make his note as soon as he woke. The dreain came the third time, but to his surprise on fully awakening he found the draw ing made lying on the table beside the bed, with three bones displayed in it which were not visible in the fossil, and which solved the problem. On returning to Jardin des Plants he obtained permission of his friend the director, to chip away a scale of stone which Jay on the spot where the bones were in the drawing and found tbem there as his drawing had given them. It is thirty years since Agassiz told the incident, but those who have access to his history of North American fishes will be able to read it in his own words in the introduction. Her Majesty as a Pianist.— When her Majesty first began to learn the piano, she soon became very tired of the daily drudgery of scales and exercises. On one oc casion she shut the piano with a royal bang, locked it, and declared that she would never use it again. She was soon, however, persuaded by her mistresses to give it another trial, and after careful, training, both of her fingers ah<Fvoice, she was allowed at the age of twelve, to accompany her mother in duets at the houses of their friends. Tom Moore, in a letter about this time, mentions the pleasure given by the two princesses by their singing. When the Queen mure appreciated the value of what she had learnt, she became very intimate with the work of such masters as Handel, Gluck, and Mendelssohn, especially with the latter. He paid her, on one occasion, a memorable visit to Buckingham Palace. The 'Hymn of Praise, of all his works, was her favourite. Her Majesty possesses nearly sixty pianos in her various palaces, although, since the ladies and gentlemen of the household are each allowed one of their own, the actual number is considerably more. Her most cherished instrument is a magnificent Georgina made in Am boy n a wood. This is kept in the Crimson Drawing-room in Windsor Castle, and is frequently used by Princess Beatrice. The tone is wonderfully mellow. The Queen has kept up her music and singing until quite recent years. It is rumoured that more than one original composition has come from her pen. The general public, how ever, have not been fortunate enough to judge these. Her Ma jesty has never mastered the violin, although she delights to hear the performances of the Duke of Coburg on his instrument. This, by-the-way, is the only genuine Stradivarius in the Royal Family. What Rings Mean.—The en chanted rings of the Greeks and ancients were formed of the gems assigned to the several planets, eaeh set in its appropriate metal. Thus the Sun was diamond or sapphire in a ring of gold; the Moon, crystal in ^ silver; Mercury, magnet in quicksilver; Venus, amethyst in copper; Mars, emerald in iron ; Jupiter, cornelian in tin; and Saturn, turquoise in lead. These rings, if worn in the birth month of the possessor, furthered the pro gress of his love affairs, and acted as a tailsman in many ways. Even in our present days, in various countries a superstition still exists that to each month is dedicated a precious stone, and that anyone, by wearing constantly the stone of his birth month, insures hom himself great and unfailing good luck. So to January is dedicated the garnet; to February, the amethyst; to March, the bloodstone; to April, the sapphire ; to May, the emerald ; to June, the agate; to July, the ruby • to August, the sarndonyx, September, the chrysolite; to Oc tober, the opal; to November, the topaz; and to December, the tur quoise. The Production of Pulque.— No drink has a stronger hold on any nation than pulque has on the Mexicans. Among the peons, men, women, and children drink pulque with the same freedom that water is used in Europe. The pulque* plant is indigenous to Mexico, often growing wild on the uplands, where—for months and years at times—no rain falls; and it is so largely cultivated in the most care ful manner on the llanos de Apam a large area of plains lying about 60 miles from the city of Mexico, Nature requires the plant to be ' milked' when the liquid is ready to flow. When it is first extracted —before the process of fermentation sets in—it is sweet and scentless, and in this state is preferred by be ginners. The fermentation takes place in tubs made for the purpose and to aid or expedite the process a little madre pulque is added, which hastens the chemical change. The liquid ferments rapidly and strongly. It is said that as much as one thousand dollars a day are paid for carriage on the. special trains for transporting this liquid into the city of Mexico. The tax on pulque is collected at garritas or gates before its admission to the city, and then the liquid is distri buted in the barricas and pig-skins on special carts held in readiness for that purpose. The number of deaths from tights in pulquierias in Mexico is incredib'e. Those whom the poison does not madden it stupibes, and in even' great festi val the police have hundreds of persons to look after, who are ab solutely helpless from drinking drugged pulque. The leaves of the pulque plant are long and pointed, with prickles along the edge. A tough, hard, stiff paper is made from the bruised leaves, and they are also used in their natural state as a protecting thatch for the roofs of the common huts or houses oc cupied by the peons. A kind of thread is also made from the tibrous texture of the leaves, and a rough needle and pin are made from the thorn, and from the root a cheap and palatable food is made. It is not, therefore, a matter of surprise the peons class think very highly of the pulque plant in Mexico. A Highwayman's Feat.—Dick Turpin, the highwayman, once laid a wager that he would rob the then Duke of Poriand within his own park of Bulstrove, in*the county of Bucks. This daring feat he ac complished with complete success, although the Duke was at the time attended by several servants on horseback. The Duke had just driven into his park, when Turpin rode hastily up to the carriage, holding in one hand a roll of paper with which he waved the attend ants aside. They supposing that he was the bearer of some Royal message, fell back, and allowed the bold robber to approach the car riage. Putting his >hand in he levelled the roil of paper at the Duke, who perceived on the in stant the muzzle of a pistol peep ing from the package. ' Your watch or your life this very mo ment !' said Turpin quietly; and the Duke gave up his watch with out a moment's hesitation. Turpin received it with a low bow, as if ac knowledging the Duke's answer to some important dispatch. Then wheeling about he saluted the at tendants gravely, and, dashing through the park gates was well upon the road before the Duke gave orders to follow him. Germany is now the best educated nation on the Continent, yet only one hundred years ago German teachers in man}' parts of the country were so poorly paid that they used to sing in front of houses in order to add to their income by odd pence. 