CORSICAN BROTHERS. Have one of your cotnpiny at the piano, and let the others form a ring. All being ready, the pianist i* to play the ghost air from the "Corsican Brothers," and the players are to shiver and tremble to it with all the diablerie and effectiveness of which they are capable. At the will of the pianist, the tune is sud ienly to break off, and at the instant of the breaking-off a gentleman, who lias been already selected for this duty, is to leave the ring and go into the centre as the duellist. The combat is to be the feature. To prepare for it the gentleman is to close bis right hand fistvvise, and you must then put a white handkerchief tightly'over it.'and" tie it firmly on round the wrist, to make the muffling of it assured. When so muffled it is the weapon, the left hand being rigor- ously kept straight down, unused. The pianist is then to play some sounding staccato chords (say a dozen) well sepa- rated from one another ; and the gentle- man, marking the time of these chords and observing it, is d îa duellist, and, with mock tragedy, to do the lunge, the thrust, the fence, the parry, and what else occurs to him. Suddenly the pianist is to pass from the chords into the ghost air again, the company shiver and tremble as before, and the duellist goes round and round,, inside the ring, attitudinising still, till the pianist ceases to play, and he h is to choose a lady from the ring, and lead her with his left hand into the centre. You mu3t then muffle the lady's hand with a second handkerchief as tightly as you muffled the gentleman's, and the fight is to take place. A. chord is to mark the time for the first attitude, and chords are to mark all the thrusts, etc., tho company uttering a sharp " Ha !" at each, together with a clash of fire-irons on thefenderjb/ yourself, the gentleman's object being to seize the lady's inufflei right hand with his muffled right hand, and the lady's object being to prevent it. The grasping at length properly accomplished, you un muffle the gentleman, |he returns to |the ring, and the lady (you having re- tightened her handkerchief) remains in the centre Jas -the Corsican, with all the details of the bravado, the choice, and the co:ubat re- peated. It is de rigueur that the la ly choases a gentleman ; and sho lld any challenger fail at grasping the a lversary's hand, after a reasonable time, such adversary is to be unmufled, an I to r iturn to the ring amid applause, and aaot 1er adver- sary to be selected. 