Interesting Items. ILLEGIBLE writing is not more favoured by Mr. Justice Chubb than others of those who have to go through numerous documents of an important nature, says the Townsville Bulletin of the 12th instant. At Monday's sittiug of the Criminal Court, His Honour drew the attention of Mr Jameson, the Prose outer, to the almost impossibility of decip heringsomcdepositionsbeforchiui. " Here," said His Honour, "is a sentence, ' the prisoner was carrying a bos or a body.' 1 don't know which it is." I "have often found the same difficulty," replied Mr Jame son. " I should very much like to sec all depositions type written." " Trouble will arise some day," added his Honour. " Suppose, in the case of a man commited for murder, that an importaut witness died, and his depo sitions were illegible, it would bo something {rightful. " In another case later on, whore the prisoner was before him for sentence, His Honour was perusing the depositions. "Why, Mr. Jameson," ho said, "these are even worse. This is Mr, Hartley's writing. 1 think. Yes it is, Mackay, I know the writing. I suppose Mr. Hartley is able to read his own writing ; I can't. There's something that reads, 'The radish was squashed'; 'it isn't that I know, but what is it i I've got it; the wind pipe was-was squared. It can't be that though." " Perhaps it's ' severed,'your Honour," suggested a member of the bar. ' It may be," drily retorted his Honour ; "but if it is it's spelt with a'g." MB. Bert Howard, a young cyclist who had been a prominent figure at the Wood Green cycling track last year, went to the South of Europe at the close of the season, intending to take part iu some cycling events, but being disappointed he made his way to Monte Carlo, and after a few day's stay he found himself a winner of nearly £3000. He at once made up his miud to return to Wood Green with bis winnings, where lie arrived in January. SOME Chinese have outwitted the Customs department, despite the fact that they have there to deal with officers like Dr. Wolla6ton and Mr. Dawson, who are cxpericuced enough almost lo be qualified for the yellow button and peacock feather of Li Hung Chang, says the Melbourne Argus. These particularly cute immigrants, hampered iu their entrance to the colony by the tonnage limit and naturalisation restrictions, havo found a side door to Victoria, and have been freely using it. When they have been uuable to get into the colony on naturalisation papers believed to be bogus, they have gone back as far as Sydney on the return voyage, and have there transhipped to Tasmania, whence access is easy to Victoria on the tonnage limit. The dodge is a good one, but it haB been dis covered, and the Customs department is con ferring with the Sydney officials with the purpose' of preventing any further use being made oi it. THE following is from the Sydney Bulletin '? "The Queensland Labor-party just now doesn't cut a very edifying figure. One scctiou of it goes round clamouring for a revi val of t he Opposition that died in '96; another section loudly asseverates that the Labor party is all-euflicicnttoruu the country itself ; a third faction is apparently cutting itself a drift from the Labor platform altogether. And, meunwhile, the lurid eloquence of John Hoolan adorn the background with a chaste and cheerful variety of rhetorical figures worthy of a clown in a backblocks circus." A HECEKT issue of the Tmvnsmllc Bulletin status :-About the middle of December Inst a paragraph was published in tbe Bulletin warning cyclists that there was a bicycic thief in town, a bicycic having been stolen from the School of Arts, which now appears was the property of Bombardier Lyons, of the Permanent artillery. By a strange coin cidence, a little after 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon Mr. Lyons saw a machine outside the School of Arts, which he thonglit resembled the one which hud been stolen, and at once gave information to Constable Guikan who was in plain clothes. He and Lyons pro ceeded to the School of Arts, where they met a young fellow named David Dunlop, who is a clerk in one of the business houses here. The constable questioned him a9 to whether the bicycic belonged to him, nnd he answered in the affirmative. Subsquently Lyons ex amined the bicycle, and found that the handle bar, saddle and pouch had formerly belonged to him, but they were now attached to a dif ferent frame to that tbey were on when stolen Lyons farther qoestloned Dunlop, who nfter wards admitted that the portions of the machine mentioned did not belong to the jjame they were at present attached, and fifoted that he had purchased them off a man who had offered them to him in the street. Dunlop was then taken in charge of sus picion of stealing Lyons' bicycle, and when on tbe way to the lockup Dunlop admitted that tbe whole of the stolen maohine bad been in his possession. On a search being made at Dunlop's residence, the remaining portion of Lyons machine were found, com* prising the wheels and the frame. Which tbe rightful owner indentified as his property, end as forming part of the bloycle stolen from the Bohool of Arts. The bicyole was valued at £22, MONDAY'S S.-V. Ilrrahl. says I here arrived on Saturday by rail, en route for Queenslnnii, one <if the largest carriers waggons that has ever parsed through the streets of Sydney. The vehicle was built by Mr George T.Bennelt, of St. Mary's, South Creek, to the order of Mr. John Tobin, Longreach, Queensland. The waggon was of "tabletop" type, measuring 20ft. long, the hind wheels being (i ft. 9 ins. in diameter, with tyres 5 ins. by lj in. It weighed 2 tons 10 cwt, and had a carrying capacity of 20 tons .lead weight. It was en tirely construc'eii from colonial material, the timber consisting of spotted gum, blue gum, ironbark, and Richmond River pine. THE Torres Straits Pilot says that the usual custom of taking an annual count of people on Thursday Island was observed on the 2nd March, the police doing the work, The figures totalled up sliow the Island's population to be 1702, made up as follows : -Europeans, 901; Japanese, 019; Phillipines, 92; aborigans, GO ; Chinese, 58; Malays, 77; South Sea Islanders, 59; Cingalese, 40; others, 89\. The population last year numbered 1334, tlie increase being 359. In the European population the increase is shown 37, the Japenese having increased by 288 accordiug to the figures. But what actually is the in crease in the number of Japs is doubtful. It may be more than the above, but most pro bably it is fairly correct, though the number afloat has not been ascertained. The census as it stands only gives tho number of people on the Island, and what purpose is served by ascertaining that yearly <vc do not know, but if a ceueuB of the place is to be taken it would be more satisfactory to have included the population afloat as well, since all are residents of the Island. There is nothing to prevent this being done, and the comparisons to be made would then be entirely satisfac tory. One of the raoBt remarkable conversations on record took place in New fork recently, says the Sydney Daily Telegraph, It was carried on over a telephone wire.* Atone end of tlie wire was Captain Charles Jacques, superintendent of tlie Holland Submarine Boat Company, in the New York cfBce of that concern ; at the other end of the wire sat Simon Lake in the cabin of the submarine boat Argonaut, eight miles out in Baltimore Harbour and sixty-five feet under water. A fairly stiff gale was blowing up above, but Mr. Lake's wonderful craft crawled along on its submarine way, paying out its cable as it went, and Mr. Lake's voice would be heard in New York just as clearly as if the speaker were on dry latd. SCARCELY had the steamer Australia cast off from the Quay yesterday on her way to China, says the Sydney Morning Herald of Wednesday last, before an excited man was seen to spring off the rail into the water and strike out for the shore. By the time he reached the wharf lie appeared to be ex hausted, and a rope was lowered to him, which a water policeman carefully adjusted, and the man hoisted him on to the wharf. He was immediately handcuffed and would have gone to prison forthwith, but upon investiga tion it was found that lie was simply aOremun who had been reprimanded by his chief for having spent too much time ashore on sailing day, and rushing up from the stockhole had jumped overboard, believing he would step on to the wharf. In his excitement he was unawere that the vessel was out in the cove. After recovering himself the police boat conveyed him back to his ship. A VEHT severe case of snakebite occurred to a man uained Stockliam near Toowoomba last week. Stockliam was engaged with a companion in cutting timber, and having felled and cut into lengths a hollow tree, the former put his left hand in one ond of a length to raise it. No sooner had lie done so than ho felt a sharp pang, and on with drawing bis hand found attached to his second finger a venomous black snake ndout six feet, long. After despatching the reptile, Stockham's companion hurried him to an hotel in the vicinity and sent for a doctor. In the meantime ligatures wore applied, the finger in the region of tho wound was gashed and made to bleed freely, and alcoholic and other remedies administered. A con vcyencc was procured, and the injured man was takeu to Toowoomba Hospital, which he reached in a state of collapse, and violent, fits of vomitiug had set, in. The doctor ad ministered tlie strychnine antidote, and dur ing the afternoon the vomiting ccascd. From this out Stockham's condition improved, and he is now almost recovered. A RECENT English paper quotes the Ken' York Herald:-Rosa Fosca, who is 15 yoars old, has had probably more trouble with her husbands than any little girl who ever essayed matrimony. For tku second time she has had to have an cirtng spouse brought to court on a charge of bigamy. She thinks she is most unfortunate, and on Saturday she told Justico Sherry, in I'aterson, N.J., where she lives, that she thought marriage was a failure. Rosa, when 13 years old, was married to Luigi Mora, 43 years old, but she soon learnt that the bridegroom had a wife in Italy. The girl did not hesitate, but hud. the perfidious Mora arrested and punished. Then Rosa met Pasquule Deluiro, and they were married. . Their happiness endured until last week, vlicn Rosa heard that Delurio WOB as false as Mora, also having another wife. So she caused his arrest, and he was "held" in SOOdol. bail, Showert weather, says The Austrnhian of Saturday, has prevailed over tho greater por tion of tho colony, but the break-up of the drought has not yet taken place. The cool change has been much appreciated, and it is now probable that one of the longest, hottest', and driest summers on record has come to an end. _ Tho rignerons are the only class that is satisfied with the dry weather," and as the vintage is now in full swing, a heavy down pour of rain would causa considerable damage to viticultural industry. Where the soil is light a good deal of ploughing for the next cereal crop haB already been done, bnt heavy land cannot be touched until after it has re ceived a soaking. From a dairyman's point of view the season has been a disastrous one, the quantity ot butter that has been exported being probably 2000 tons less than that sent away last season, and something like 4000 tons less than the quality exported three years ago. The season is alone te blnme for this enormous falling off, for dairying to-day is more popular amongst land-occupiers, and butter making is more skilfully managed than was ever previously the case. Grass is now scarce in most parts of the oolony, and, generally Bpeaking, stock of all descriptions are in low condition. The potato crop has been a very light one, and there is a strong probability of high prices ruling up to the time crops in the late districts are fit for digging, which will rot be before next May. The showery weather has greatly benefited these late orops. STBONG confirmation of the cflicuey of inoculation aB proveutive of tick fever reaches us from theMackay district no Western Aus tralia, says the Brisbane Courier of Monday last. It appears that some time since Mr. E. T. Hancock, district inspector at Mackay, inoculated a number of cattle belonging to Messrs. Edwards Brothers, of St. Albans-a clean run. A month after inoculation the cattle were driven into a badly-infested pad dock, and left there for five weeks. A num ber of uninociilated cattle were placed in the same pudduck, a large number of which succumbed in from fourteen to twenty-fours days. Mr. Hancock, who is at present in Western Australia, rccoived 011 the 17th of February last, nt Perth, a telegram from Messrs. Kdwards to the following effect: "Inoculated cattle all right. Plenty of ticks; five weeks among them, nosigns ofsickness." This will be very gratifying information for advocates of inoculation, and forcaulo-owners in Southern Queensland and the other colonics. A Victohian miner, a decent, sturdy young fellow, got married not long ago, mid found that the gilt soon left his ginger-bread. One tiling, the lady was lazy-horribly lazy. Husband, after waiting five weeks for wash ing day, thought he would start himself and shame her. "Why, whatever arc you doing ?" she asked, coming out to find him buried in suds. "Just washing a few of my things," he answered curtly. " Oli, you dear," replied his charmer, " wait a minute, and I'll get you some of mine." The man said nothing, but gritted his teeth and got through the job. Next any his wife announced her intention of going to spend a fortnight with her mother ''thought a change would do her good." Husband agreed and saw her off cheerfully. Wife came back; found furniture sold, husband gone, another tenant in the cottage. AH her dis tress yielded no clue; lie had disappeared utterly. Wife hack with her mother again sadder, wiser.-liulhlin. LATEST BOOKS :-Deeds that Won the Em Siro, by Rev. W. H. Fitchett; St. Ives, by L. Steveuson; Real Ghost Stories, by Stead; Shrewsbury, by Stanley Wcyman; The Great White Quccu and Stolen Souls, by Le Quouic; If I were God, by Lo Gallicno. All works of Gould, Bootliby, Corelli, Crock ctt, &c.; The Antipodean, Paling's Xmas Annual, No. 15; Diamond Song Book, 690 songs, words and musiu, 2K. Cd.; Diamond Jubilee Waltz, by Mrs. Edkius; Colo's 1000 Best Songs and Poems ; all Newspapers. R. Pahk, Newsagent. 