Letter From Aunt Eily. My Dear Children.—"Here's a pretty mess, in a month or less," says Nanki-Poo in the opera when he bewails his threatened execution, and as all and sundry must help St. Vincent's Juvenile Club, we can even make use of Nanki-Poos by quoting from them—rwith a slight alteration. Here it is! "Here's a pretty mess, in a month or more" Christmas will be with us, and I have a very important work for my juveniles before the year is out, and we have not yet made a start. Let me begin at the beginning. Vou remember I told you about the grand pedestals which your donations had provided for the new church for the little orphans, and how they were to have a statue placed on each of them—one of the Sacred Heart of Our Lord, and the other Our Lady of Lourdes. Well, dears, I am right in one of the particulars, the statue of Our Lady is there all right, but to my sorrow and dismay I learn that there is no statue of the Sacred Heart to place on the other pedestal, and where, pray, can the rev. mother get one but from her invincibles, the juveniles. Now, I will tell you plainly what it is, dears. I make this a personal matter, and I 6ay that as I never have been really pressing about donations, I will beg to be excused if I seem quite pressing this time. Just for this once I beg all my nephews and nieces—all, I say, and I have hundreds, to make a little sacrifice and a great big united effort. I would feel it as a reproach if we did not find the price of a statute of Our Lord for the little orphans. I will even go further. I will go surety to the Rev. Mother for that statue, so then if you do not send me all a donation, well, of course, I will be going to that doctor again who asked me so many curious ques tions about my nepbews and nieces, and who was about to write a prescription for bringing in donations. Dear children, I am serious about the donations. I have set my heart upon getting money for this statue before the year is out. Tou have been good and generous in tbe past; do not disappoint me in this. As an extra inducement to work hard, I will remind you. that South Australia is specially consecrated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, and I am certain you all have a special devotion to the Sacred Heart, judging by the popularity of that little book, " The Messenger of the Sacred Heart." In this work I beg the assistance of any grown-ups who are friendly to our Juvenile Club, and associates in particular I ask to help me. It would, indeed, seem that I am a hard hearted aunt if you only knew of some of the letters I have received lately! Prom one dear little niece at Naracoorbe, Nieoe Katie McMahon, I have received 2s. 3d. prize money awarded to her in the compe tition at Naracoorte show. To-day I have received 2s. fid from good little Niece Nora Kenny, Coolgrana, prize-money awarded to herself, her sister, and brother for wild flower competition. The three went out and gathered these wild flowers, gained second prize and sent on the money to me, " and," adds the good little child, " I wish I had gained the first prize, for then the orphans would have had double the money." Now, do I not seem quite hard-hearted to ask donations from such generous little creatures, of which these are a sample. But, there, we all want the statue, so we must work like—I had nearly said niggers —but there is a taint of vulgarity about the expression, though not necessarily about the poor niggers themselves, so I suppose, I must not use it. Now that I have explained all that business to you, was I not right in saying " Here's a pretty mess," no statue P I have thiB week reversed the order of my letter: I generally have our usual chat first, and which represents pleasure ; busi ness afterwards. I have talked business first this week, although I have not an ex cessively warm feeling toward that stiff and starched copy-book maxim. But that is just like us grown-ups. We tell you poor little things all manner of disagreeable things you ought to do, but we do not always do them ourselves. Grown-ups are too big to be spanked and bo they get out of it. Ib it not so? ' Well! what am I going to say to you ? I find myself on the horns of a dilemma, which, in plain English, means that there are two subjects I want to speak about, and I can only find room this week for one. Therefore, although it is the month of the Holy Angels, we must for the present pass them and go higher up, up, up to the Queen of Angels, or Queen of the Holy Rosary, the title under which, during this month, we honor our Blessed Lady. It so happened that I, by chance, took up a little book to look into for a few passing moments, and I opened the book and read one single paragraph. As the greater part of it was new to me, it may also be new to you, and I will tell you about it. It was a book of lives of some Dominican Saints. It gave an account of how the Festival of the RoBary on first Sunday of October was established. It was made known in a miraculous way to St. Pius, the great Dominican Pope, that the Chris tians had gained a great victory over the Turks at the battle of Lepanto. In com memoration of the victory this Holy Pope added the invocation of Auxillium Chris tianorum to the Litany of Loretto, and he commanded that the Festival of the Rosary should be always kept on that day as a per petual thanksgiving. It is worthy of note, too, that South Australia is under the special patronage of Our Lady Help of Chris tians, so that I think you will confess that we are in a particular way called to honour our Mother Mary under that title. In some countries they commemorate the festival in state. I remember being taken to church when I was a very small child, to witness the " Rosary " procession. The procession walked round the church, reciting the whole fifteen mysteries, while at the end of each decade the choir intoned a very fine "Glory be to the Father, to the Son and to the Holy Ghost." That choir was a mystery to me then. It was up pretty high, and concealed by a heavy curtain all round, and of course when they began " Glory be" I looked everywhere for the singers, but as I could see nothing, I settled it to my own satis faction by supposing it was the angels looking down through the roof somewhere. Children in those days were to be seen, but not to be heard, and if things wanted answering we kept on asking ourselves— not the grown-ups—and answering our selves the best way we could. So much for Rosary Sunday past and present. Such a good correspondent as my laugh ing jackass of last week has been kept waiting rather long for a hearing. I am not partial to jackasses as a rule, there are so many, you meet them everywhere ; but to a jackass who laughs to make others laugh, I think I will strain a point, and receive as a friend. Most excellent jackass, thanks. Nephew Alexander Crosby, whose name breathes of "brown heath and shaggy heather," has written me' an interesting letter about Port Pirie. I give you strict orders, sir, to write in future twice a year, instead of once, if you want me to love you. Do not wait for a Bubject, write " anyhow " letterB, they are always good. Look out for the prize competitions next letter. With love, AUNT EILY. Aunt Eily acknowledges:—Niece Nora Kenny, Coolgrana, 2s. 6d. Not Much.—He (indignantly)—" I hope I know my own mind." She (wearily)— " Yes ! Ycu surely ought to know as much as that." A ^Blanket Tax.—"This war is dread fully wide-spreading, isn't it?" "Yes. If s going to cost a man money every time he stamps his feet." Last winter, it is said, a cow floated down the Thames on a piece of ice, and caught such a cold that she has yielded nothing but ice-cream since. 