RITUALISM IN THE CHURCH OP ENGLAND. A REMARKABLE LETTER. The warm discussion on ritualism that has taken place this week In tho Anglican Synod of Syduoy should cause the appended letter to bo rend with more thnn usual Interest; It was writ- ten by the Rev. A. n. oianuui, m.n„ m 'Li lian's, Holborn, London, uud appeared iu tho "Dally Chronicle": — "You speak of our not obeying tho directions of the Book of Common Prayer at St. Alban's, Holborn. I exclaim in ray best Latin, 'Quantum mnxlllam"— what cheek! Wo oboy tho Prayor Book 70 per cent, more than all tho archbishops, bishops, deans, canons, prebendaries, etc., etc. "1. On a hundred dnys iu overy year for 'the last thirty-six vears we have dined off fish and rice pudding. Do wo like this kind of food? No; wo havo done It out of obedience to the Book of Com mon Prayer. "2. We have daily, nil these years, said morning and evening prayer In the church. Has it ayways been convenient to do tills? No; hut wo have done It out ot obcdieuce to tho Book of Common Prayor. "3. Wc have given up Friday and Saturduy afternoons to hearing confessions, when wo havo longed— longed, oh! so much— to bo far away anywhere. But wo have done It out of obedience to tlio Book of Common Prayer, because when wo were mado priests by tlio ordering In that book,, the Bishop said, "Receive the Holy Ghost for tho offico and work of a priest. Whose sins thou dost forgive thoy are forgiven, and whoso sins thou dost retain they are retained." And wo believed him— fools as It seems we were! "Yes, but you lcavo out many things In tho Prayer Book services. So do they ull, and I don't blame them. For how, for Instance, could we, when wo repent the communion service six times on Easter Day, tell our sisters and devout communicants six times over not to murder, steal, nnd commit adultery? How could wo say 'On Sunday next, I purposo to administer Holy Com munion.' when we do It twice every day? We should make fools ot ourselves and our congrega tion aud foolishness of tlio Prayor Book. "But you add to the services in tho Pravor Book. So do they all, and I don't blamo them. Wo all try and make our services as attractive and suitable to tho various phases of religious feollug characteristic of religious thought In Eng land, to-day, and wo are the best Prnyor'Book ex positors, and her most faithful sons too, and after all theso years 'tis rather too bad to dub us 'traitors.' "What I should llko to see Is moro liberty to mako our services moro ltturglcally correct on ono side' and more like chapel services on tho othor. "Do you want ua to wear tho strait waist coat mado ovor throe hundred years ago, which has never fitted, and is now qulto out of date? If wo ar.a established wo'ro not all gone daft." 