ODDS AND ENDS. V Mr. Alex. Forrest, M.L.A., has been returned unopposed as Mayor of Perth (re-elected) for the ensuing year. Among the through passengers on the R.M.S. Ormuz,. which called at Albany on Sunday, were Mr. Mc- Eacharn, Mayor of Melbourne, and Messrs. Barriere and Gorini, the French journalists, who are travelling round the world. The hay crops throughout the .Northam district have turned out ex ceedingly well, the return being from one ton to one and a- half to the acre. The low price, however, does not appear to satisfy farmers, who are consequently holding back for a rise. Attention has been called by the Hon. Sec. of the W.A. Society to the existence of " poker machines " in tobacconists' shops of this city. Boys of tender age, says the correspondent, may be seen manipulating the ma chine. Paul de Cassagrac may evidently be classed among journalists whom Max O'Rell rebukes as trying to foment war. He urges the revival by France of privateering with a view to circumvent Gt. Britain. JLord Hampden will resign the Governorship of New South Wales in March — when the term of three years, stipulated by his Excellency, expires. The Coo.gardie exhibition, it is re ported, will be enriched by art ex hibits from France and Bavaria. A slug of 130z. 6dwt. has been unearthed by Harry Evans in Morrell Gulley, Norseman. A pair of laughing Jackasses have been seen on the Harvey river. The Round Drive at Albany was formally opened with a procession on Wednesday; The Mayor officiated. The melting influences of the Kaiser over the Sultan seem to have been great. The attitude of the lat ter against Jewish settlement in Palestine was rigorous. Now, it is reported, his Majesty, as converted by the Emperor William, regards Jt with sympathy. A German settle ment in Syria, meantime, has been mentioned as the true object of the Emperor's visit. In opening the Anglican congress at Ballarat on Tuesday the local Bishop spoke rather badly of puljic morals. He said, in effect, that life in Australian towns was stained by intemperance and profanity, and in the " bush by incessant unchaslity ; dishonesty and cheating in business was general ; the Bar was marked by an unbecoming tone, and the legisla tive Chambers by degrading lan guage ; the country Press was often contemptible and conducted by unworthy adventurers ; sports were the medium of gambling ; mirth was identified with frivolity, and amusement and folly went hand in hand. A man named Betrix has been arrested at Mount Malcolm on a charge of murdering one John Malone, his mate. Betrix had re ported to the police that deceased had been kicked to death by a horse. The coroner's jury brought in a verdict of wilful murder against the informant. A London correspondent who re lates details of the separation between the late Sir George Grey and his wife is mistaken in supposing, as he does, that he tells something not generally known, so far as the separation and its alleged cause is concerned. Everyone knew that Sir George had accused Lady Grey of misconduct on board ship, by .which she was coming out to join him in New Zealand, and that he sent her straight home. The correspondent, however, may be accredited with vindicating the character of an estimable and innocent lady. Our contemporary the Morning Herald is not to be congratulated on quoting, as it does, from Reuter a cock-and-bull story of an outrage perpetrated by a Catholic priest in Russia. The tale has been scouted by the Catholic Press generally as another of Reuter's unscrupulous in ventions. It bears, indeed, intrinsic marks of falsehood, and its quotation is discreditable to any respectable journal. Rampling and party have obtained a 400Z. nugget on the deep lead at Bulong. Some 450 worth of gold and precipitated zinc has been stolen from the Klondyke Cyanide Works, Charters Towers. The watchman had been rendered unconscious 'by means of a drugged handkerchief suddenly placed over his face. A payable alluvial find is reported from the New England district, 100 miles north from Lawlers. The country, however, is waterless. A trickster, who had for some little time been playing ghost at Cannington, was captured on Satur day night, and' somewhat, severely dealt with by his captors. Settlement is proceeding apace in the Katanning district, where a brisk demand for Crown lands exists. The Anglican Bishop of Ballarat's testimony to the moral leprosy that prevails seems to reflect upon the education of the period. There are evidently "seed plots of iniquity" somewhere, and where shall they be more readily found than in the quarters assigned to them by the late Archbishop Vaughan — that is, the godless schools ? A largely decreased birth rate re ported of the city of Adelaide fur nishes additional testimony to the moral decadence of the day. A scarcity of fish in the Perth market is explained by a demand on the part of the fishermen for 5s. each for schnapper, . which are now being caught in abundance. This the dealers are unable to pay, and in consequence the fish are taken back in the boats and dumped into the sea. 