ALL REIGHTS RESERVED. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE- MENT. BEAUTIFUL ROHILLA, BY HAROLD CHILD, Author of "Driven by Fati:," Etc., Etc. CHAPTER XIV. Face to Face. Tilo door opened an inch or wo, and a griiff voice behind it asked : " Who is it ?" "Open aud see !" said Aitken. ... Slowly and grudgingly the door swung back. The man was holding a candle in his hand, and as the light fell on his visitor, lie started. The lit was only momentary, but it was long enough for what Robert required. He stepped boldly into the room and swuui; the door to behind "him. "It is not my ghost," he said, " though I can understand my sudden appearance frightening you. But you knew, 1 presume, that you did not kill me that night ?" The draught through the keyhole made the candle gutter ami ilare. Weird shadows danced about the walls of the kitchen, and a big cloak in tlie corner ticked loudly. " What do you want?" said Oliver. " A few words with you. And I mean to have them in your bedroom, so light me in." " Why in there ?" "Forreasons of my own. Light me in." "Very well," said Oliver. " It don't make much difference where." And ho pushed open the bedroom door. " I follow you." said Aitken, resolved not to give the man a chance of getting behind him. Oliver entered the room, and Aitken followed him, shutting the door. His first duty was to note <>11 lie could in the arrange ment; of the furniture, and he looked about him keenly. The room smelt vilely of spirits. In the window was a table, upon which Oliver placed the candle. A bottle and a glass stood also upon the table, and near the bottle lay a long single bladed fisher man's knife. The opposite wall was occu pied by the bed and the bureau. A chair stood by the table, and another by the empty grate, and behind the door was a little ash hand-stand. There was nothing else in the room. Robert took the chair by the table in the window, judging it wisest, to be near the knife, and Oliver returned to.his old scat at the foot of the bed. He looked haggard and worn. His bloodshoot eyes wandered rest lessly up and down the .room, and at every movement of his visitor lie glanced at him quickly. "You look anxious," said Robert. ''Don't be alarmed. There are 110 police outside." The man's manner changed instantly. He heaved a sigh of relief, and a look of cunning replaced the terror in his eyes. " I expected you some time ago," lie said. \- • " You confess, then, that it was you who stabbed mesaid Robert. ' Oliver saw his false move. : "I confess nothing," .'lie said angrily, "And I'm not going to stand bullying from . yon. So look out for yourself." "You're going to stand just whatever I choose .o make you," said Robert. "You've ! had. a taste of my strength before." " What about mine, then ? Who won at ; Banhill beach, eh ? And there's another thing.that you've forgotten.'.' . He moved aimlessly to the fireplace, till the table was just in reach. Suddenly he lumied forward and snatched at the knife. He n.issed it by an inch, and at the same moment Aitken struck him with all his force on the collar-bone. He staggered back. Robert picked up the knife and ran his finger along the edge. "Now," lie said, "I am going to tell you what you were doubtless going to tell me. That this is a lonely house; that if you killed me here you might hide the fact for weeks, perhaps for ever, at any rate until you liad taken my body out to sea in your boat, and dropped it safely into deep water. But all that applies equally to the case of my '1 killing you. And there is another thing in my favor. No one saw me come ;¡ito Alders wyke ; no ove but yourself knows that I am here. I could kill you now, and be in London again in a few hours, and not a soul the wiser. And why shouldn't Í kill you ? You tried to kill me. Y'ou are a scoundrel and a bully. You know something—no matter what—that Miss Perez at 'The Anchor' wishes kept secret-, and yon use that, knowledge to black mail her. to get more and more drink for which she has to pay, when you might get as muchas you want and more by fair means. This very night you have been trying to make her let you into the house to rob.it!"' The man gasped and reeled against the mantelpiece. - - "Y'ou know ?" lie cried. " I know said Robert. " I know, too, or guess, that the girl herself does not know what you are threatening to tell. Is that so ? Speak he cried, rising suddenly to his feet and threatening Oliver with the knife. "Yes," he gasped. " She does not know V "No." "Then, in God's name," cried Robert, "I ask you why should such a thing ¡us you be allowed to live, when it would be so easy to kill you." Oliver stood cowering against the mantel piece, a picture of abject fear. His blue lips were distorted, his teeth chattered. . He was trying to speak. " Don'the gasped at length, ■ " Or do it quick."' ' ; Robert tossed the knife back to the fable and sat down again. - ' ! "No," lie said. "Iam not going to kill yon yet. First of all, because you're not • 'worth it; and secondly, because if I ain uii-. able to;find all I want in that bureau, I may hav.e;to.ask_y.ou_for„.further^details. . Now, then ; kindly open that secret drawer." But withili'e fear of instantdéatli removed, Oliver's mood swung back-into one of jaunty bravado. • • ' "The bureau !" he said. . "There is noth ing there." h ' "1 beg your pardon. I knpjv pretty well what there is, and where it is.- .-In the secret , drawer, which is opened by means of a spring that I should have little difficulty in finaing, is a paper from which.you have-learned the fact that the lady, who calls herself Perez, is really named Critten. I can tell you more ; shir is the daughter of niv late godfather— Robert Critten, of Gloucester Square, in London, who hanged himself a good many years ago." "You know that?" gasped Oliver, thunder struck. Aicken's heart fell. He had known for certain that it must be sc ; but Oliver's sur prise at the correctness of his knowledge proved it conclusively. Nevertheless lie al lowed no sign of his feelings to escape him. "I know itlie said •'simply: " but for certain purposes I require to have documen tary evidence of the fact, and the paper, in your bureau will'help -nie.. Qblige me. by opening it." ■ • . , - . -• "I'm-—- if I. will 1cried Oliver. ■ /'But what good can your refusal do you ? Yonr game is spoiled already, . for I liad the good fortune to be within afoot or two of you when you yourself callid-Miss-Cribten-by her right name.'' 1 shall make it iny duty to morrow to tell Mrs. Twaddell and all the village so much of the story as.I find, when I examine your papers, that you know, and you will see that the <_reneral knowledge that Miss Critten's father hanged himself will make no difference to her popularity in the village. Only a blackguard like yourself could have made such vile use of what is no disgrace at all to the girl herself. It is for tunate, however, that T heard you in time, for I have little doubt that your final object was. to terrify her into marrying you. Now you see that your plans are worthless, and that it will make no-difference 'whether you or I open this bureau. Once more, will yon dó it 1" , • "Never!" "Very well, then, I will. But youwilloblige ine by taking a seat in that- chair by the fire place, and stáyiu» there.till "I giveyou'■.•per mission to move." I The man looked as if he would refuse if he dared. „ , ■ , , , i "Sit down !" said Robert sharply. And he sank sulkily into the chair. Robert crossed the room to the bureau. He had no difficulty in finding the spring. The square top of the secret drawer sprang out. "Aitken put his fingers in and drew out a folded sheet of paper. _ . I Of the exact nature of the document in his ¡'hand he knew nothing ; but of what it would ! tell him there could be little dovbt And face to face with the conformation of his fears lie could hardly bring himself to read. At last he unfolded the sheet. The yellow, faded handwriting was that of Robert Critten> and the words were those of his last letter to his wife, commending to her the care of their child Rohilla, when he should have died by his own hand. But, to Aitken's inexpressible relief, there was 110 hint of the cause which drove him to his shameful end. That-knowledge, at least, liad been kept from Oliver Magub. N< w that there was no possible escape from conviction of the truth he felt easier. The path of duty was now very straight and clear before him, and he stood still for a time thinking it over. A sound from the lire place, as if Oliver Magub were moving, I made him look up. Biit the man was sitting motionless,--his—face, distorted with sullen rage. Aitken turned the paper over. On the back of the sheet- was some writing in an ap parently feminine hand, the words being Spanish. He began to read with interest, and as he read his blood froze within him. **' To be said night and Morning by Rohilla, until the deed is done !' ran the heading. And there followed that curse which thelittle child in the ruined cottage had said in place of her prayers before the strange emblems of her insane mother's new religion, had said, probably, night and morning, every day of her life since her father's death. These, then, were the prayers he had heard her say ing through the thin vail of his bedroom at " The Anchor." Robert read it, word by word, till the last sentence was reached. " And I vow that I myself, with my own hand, will take my revenge upon my enemy, Edward Aitken, and his only son, Robert Aitken " His father, Edward Aitken, had died sud denly and mysteriously within a month or two of Robert Critten's death. Could it have been Rohilia's mother who contrived it ? He himself had been in danger of death that very summer, and Rohilla had plotted it. All was explained now ; her wild moments of excitement and hours of bitter despair, her incessant consciousness that she had work to do, her loveless days and nights of horror. lie knew something of" her nature, im pressionable, superstitious, capable of any height of devotion to a man or a cause ; and he saw only too clearly the effects on such a nature of her mother's teaching, of the grim insistence on revenge, and the curse that had blighted all the promise of youth. "Poor girl!" ho cried within himself, " Poor girl!" not daring to think of his own position! in the light of this ghastly discovery. 1 He sat, rigid with despair,on the footof the bed, forgetting his enemy's presence, the strange .circumstances- .of his visit, all but Rohilla and her ruined youth. If he had been bound to her service before, his obliga tion U71S- increased a hundredfold by the dis covery of her parentage. But his duty was tangled into an ap parently inextricable knot by the fact that her early training had driven all her thoughts and energies into one channel. This life's work of-whiclvshe spoke so frequently, to the accomplishment of which she looked forward with so much anxiety, this work in which he. had actually asked to be allowed to help, was nothing less than the murder of himself— lier own lover! ; ■ Was it possible that this weird and hor rible vow could outweigh her love for him ? He foresaw a fearful contest between lief two. natures ; the one warped by superstition and early training, the other the natural impulse of all that is best in woman. At'one-moment it seemed absurd to pay any atten tion to the former ; yet he knew the effect on a nature like hers of the fear of the un seen. She might well believe that her father's soul and her mother's were actually at that moment suffering unspeakable torture, from which nothing but his murder could re lease tiicm. Had slie not already acted as" if she believed it ? On the other hand she loved him.. She liad confessed it before her illness ; and that very night her words from her window had proved that she loved him still. He remembered reading in her face on the walk to Eastham the power of her capacity to love, and need of love. . If anything.could, save himself and her, it must be their mutual love. It came to this, then : would her love or her fear of the unseen prove the stronger ? Ho sat motionless on the foot of the bed, with iiis eyes fixed on the window. The fog showed no signs of lifting, the candle ivas burning low. Suddenly, before lie could realise that any thing in the room had yioved he was enve^ loped in total darkness. A iigurb had sprung to the table ; a hand had put oui tho caudle, another hand had closed upon the knife. A sneering - lavglr rang in--his.-ears;- and he realised that ho was a'oue with his enemy in the dark, and that his enemy held the knife. The man was in his stocking feet, and moved noiselessly. There was no possibility of seeing him ; for, even if he came between Aitken and the window, the window was as dark as any part of the 100111. And the sound of his heavy, breathing seemed to. come from every corner. Robert's presence of mind came back in i flash. He slipped his hand into his pocket, raised the lid of his match-box and let it full loudly. The man's breathing stopped dead. "You hear," said Robert, quietly. "I am armed,I have in my hand a six- chambered revolver, fully loaded. I know perfectly well where you are, and if you attempt to move I shall shoot. I might not kill you, but I shall certainly hurt you." Would the man believe-it? Now that he had actually used his match box - the sound ; of it seemed- ridiculously unlike the click of a revolver. But, on the other band, Oliver had, probably, but little acquaintance with revolvers, and wa3. certainly an: arr&nt; coward... • ' Holding his hreath, Aitken waited. There was no. sound. --The niifn appealed-- to be. motionless." But--no sr arid again ^Robert's j over-tired nerves -seemed to see 'him crouch--; ing close by, or.heanjiis stocking feet move along tlie floor. And then came moments when lie could have" sw.orn that-Oliver- was behind him, with the knife lifted im act to strike; •* i--;; The miinite's-'crept'on so : slowly that 'they seemed lik«} hours. Theje was rio . sound in thoffoom but the 'breathing'pf-theitwp.men; aiid the faint ticking of Aitken's watcli in his pocket^ ' . >■" i Pace to face in the blank darkness they sate, and the hearts of both were, .full of bitterness.- Oliver: felt,, as if the stillness would choke him. The power of Aitkon's will and the fear of his revolver seemed to crush his whole body with a dead weight of duU disconifort. And he knew that against t}i<? steady resolution of this man, who could sjt calm and silent through an eternity of darkness, face to * face with an unscrupulous c-lienry, his own wild ills of passion had no chance. i There were- times when lie treated Rohilla merely as a means to gratify ijis desire' for drink ; but there were ¿other times, and these of late had been more frequent thar. ever, when the desire to jiossess tiie girl rose like a tempest in his Ifearfc and shook him into a passion,that was near madness. He ground his teeth and writhed on the floor in futile /age'when he Realised that his desire could never be ful filled. i' ." Keep still !" said the inexorable voice of his rival, who had heard the movement. ; Tlie sweat was pouring down Oliver's face. Í " How long is this to last ?" he groaned. • " Till daylight. I can't trust you." And the silent, waiting began again. ; After a while a ^ght breeze sprang up and whistled in the chimney. Through tlie win dow Aitken saw the pale radiance of a fading star. íhe fog was lifting, and ere long it would be dawn. . The star was 110 loiiger visible. A faint line of yellow hung on the horizon, deepen ing every moment to a watory red. A light cloud above took on a pale tinge of pink with grey shadows. ; Little by little the light grew stronger. The square of tho window frame became visible, then the lattice-work of the panes. A patch of white at Aitken's feet caught his eye. He stooped and picked it up. It v/a the paper lie had taken from the bureau. At last he rose and stretched himself. "Give me your knife," he said to the crouching figure on the floor. The man handed it up without a word. Aitken took it and thrust it through . the paper in his hand. There were matches on the table, and lighting one of them he set lire to the paper and watched it burn to ashes. "I should recommend you another sea voyage," he said as lie shut the knife and I put it in his pocket. I Tin;man was st ill huddled moiionles.soii flu floor. Aitken opened the door and passed ' through the kitchen into the cool dawn. 