The Truth About Indulgences. Papers for the People. s ? ? . . THE FALSE VIEWS OF THOSE OUTSIDE THE CHURCH. ' ' '? L ' ' ' ? There are few doctrines .of the Catholic Church which have been more grossly mis represented by Protestant writers than the doctrine of Indulgences. That an Indul gence means riot only the full pardon of sins committed but a license to commit future sins is a commonly received opinion among our non-Catholic friends. They allege, moreover, that the most essential condition for obtaining an Indulgence is the payment to tho priest of a certain sum of money. Even otherwise intelligent Protestants im pute to us these revolting tenets. \et many of them are, doubtless acquainted, perhaps intimately acquainted with Catho lics whom they are compelled to; recognise as their equals in keenness of knowledge as well as in . delicacy of conscience. Does it never occur to them that ladies and gentle men of refinement of manners, of mental culture, of unquestioned moral character could not bring themselves to profess a doctrine so repugnant to reason and to the first principles of Christian morality? Should not the inference be unmistakably cloar — namely, that they must have put a wrong construction on the teaching of the Catholic Ohuroh upon this point? But how oan they ascertain what the real doctrine of the Churoh is ? Where. shall they seek the heeded information ? Not surely from her enemies ; not in works written on purpose to assail her doctrines and practices. We # refer to the very sources whence Catholics themselves derive their knowledge of Catholic teachings ; not alone to the pon derous tomes over which the theologian de lights to pore ; but to the most elementary of all Oatholio books of instruction— the little Oatheoism from which our children learn the rudiments of their religion. Does the Catholio Oathecism tell us that an In dulgence is the pardon of sins obmmitted? On the contrary, it says that our sins must flraf, V»n fnroiwon Vinfnvn an fnrlnirYanno nan be gained. Does the Oatheoism define an Indulgence as a license to commit sin ? No, it expressly repudiates this absurd and blasphemous interpretation of our doctrine. Does the Catheoism inform us that money oan purchase the benefits attaohed to an In dulgence? It certainly does not. The Oathechism succinctly yet correctly defines an Indulgence to be 'the remission, in whole or in part, of the temporal punish ment due to sin, after the guilt has been forgiven.' This definition we shall prooeed to explain as briefly and clearly as pos sible. 1st. No sin is remitted or forgiven by an indulgence. The guilt of every sin, great and small, i.e., mortal and even venial, must first be erased from the soul in order that an Indulgence granted by the Ohuroh may remove all liability to temporal punish ment j and the remission of any part of the temporal punishment by an In dulgenoe necessarily supposes ' freedom from all grievous or mortal sin. The ordinary moans provided by Christ for tho forgiveness of all sins oommitted after Baptism, is tho Sacrament of Penanoe ; and the most essential disposition on the part of the Binner for the worthy recoption of that Sacrament is sincere contrition or sorrow of heart ; indeed, when tho contrition is per feot, it remits sin oven before the applica tion of the eaoramontal graoe. This ex planation complotoly refutes tho false view so oommonly entertained by those outside tho Church, that by an Indulgence we mean tho pardon of sin. 2d. What is understood by temporal punishment? It moans the punishment whioh often and generally remains due to sin, whether venial or mortal, even when tho guilt of the sin has boon blotted out from the soul. Ib is called temporal booauso, whether endured in this world or in tho noxt, it will last only for a time, in contradistinction to tho eternal' puniahmont of holl whioh every mortal sin deserves. Tho liability to eternal panishmont whioh attaohos to mortal sin ooaseB as soon. as tho sin itself is offnood from tho bouI, xnac somo punishment remains due to tho justicio of God, oven whon tho sin haB been forgivon, ia consonant to tho dictates of reason and tho teachings of Holy Writ. Kvon when powerful influonoog plead for tho oonviotod oriminal, dooa not tho majosty of law domand somo ohastisomont ? Yob, avon human moroy cannot forgot what is duo to public jiiRtioe. Wo find tho samo prinolplo taught and illuatratod in tho pagoa of Holy Scripture Writing to tho Oolossiaus (i j 24), St, Paul says: 'I now rojoico in my suflbringa for you, and fill up ihoqo thincra whioh aro wanting of tho auflbringa of Ohriab, in my floah, for Hia body, whioh ia tho Ohuroh.' Dooa not tho Saviour roaommond tho praotioo of bodily mortifications to all His disciples? Does he except those even who. are free from sin? Did not God punish David for his great sin, even after He had' declared by His prophet Nathan that the sin itself had been forgiven ? (2 Kings, Protestant version, 2 Samuel xn., 13 et seq.) Our first parents are a still earlier example of the same truth. God pardoned their sin of disobedience, but He inflicted on them centuries of most rigorous hardships. So, too, were Moses and Aaron pardoned their sin, which was bub a slight transgression of the divine command, and yet they were both punished by being deprived of the pleasure of entering into the promised land. (Num. xx. Deut. xxxiv. ) When the regenerating waters of Holy Baptism are poured on the head, the soul is indeed cleansed from every stain of every . sin, and freed from all liability to punish ment for any actual sins before committed. ? There is truly a hew birth, giving to the baptized all the privileges of a child of God and an heir- to heaven. But when these glorious privileges have been again forfeited by sin, they are not so- easily recovered in all their fulness. Hear what St. Paul says on this subject: 'It is impossible — i.e. morally impossible or extremely difficult — for those who once were enlightened, have . tasted also, the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost .. ; and - are fallen away, to be renewed again unto penance, etc.' (Hebs. vi : 4-6). God has justly reserved some penalty for trans gressions which assume a blacker dye, when oommitted by those - -who, . through the sacrament of regeneration, had become His children. These must make, some atone ment for . their ingratitude to so good a father. If this satisfaction to the divine justice is nob made in this world, it must be made, even to the last farthing, in the purifying fires of Purgatory. Such is the interpretation ever put on those words of our Beloved Saviour in Luke xn : 58-59, and Matt, v : 25. ? With these few words of explanation, it is wwav UU UUUUI.OUUUU IUD UU1 jk/UJL U CvLJll U11UUU UX an Indulgence. It is intended to remit, ia whole or in part, this temporal punishment; ' due to sin already forgiven. How different; this true idea of our dootrine is from the misconception of it whioh fills the minds of most Protestants. 3d. When a Catholio fulfils all the condi tions for gaining an Indulgence offered by the Ohuroh, and thereby secures the remis sion of any part of the temporal punishment; whioh his sins deserve, the justioe' of God is not defrauded of that full satisfaction due bv the sinner. This is the next point we , wish to explain. ? ? M We all know and 'admit.' that Christ's satisfaction for sin ia simply infinite in itself, and, therefore, inexhaustible, Mbreoyer, Oatholios believe that the. good works of all the just, who are living members of Christ, are the works of Christ Himself, their Divine Head. The .Church has over indignantly repudiated and reprobated the Protestant dootrine of mere imputed justioe. When God pardons the Binner, He does not merely oloak over hie foulnoss with Christ's merits, as the ' Reformers' held, but He^blots out the stain of sin from the soul, beautifies it with His holy grace vivifies it with His own divine life. Each soul thus united to Christ may truly say with St. -Paul: 'I live, now not I, but Christ liveth in me.' (Garn., 20.) Yes, in suoh a soul, Christ lives and works, aad therefore the good works of the just are not only meritorious of a reward; but they .possess an expiatory virtue— that is, they not only deserve a rowavd proportionate to ' their value in God's sight, bub also merit the remission' of tho temporal punishment duo to sin. This last effect of good works ? thoir efficacy in remitting the temporal chastisement for eiu oominibtod — may far exceed in value before God the debt whioh they who perform thorn owe to His justioe. Of this God alono oan judge ; Ho alone oan estimate thoir value, But whatever is not needed by him 'who performs those good works for tho remission of tho temporal punishment his own sina deserve, goos to make up, together with the niorita of Christ, aoommon treasury, plaootl at tho Church's diaposal for tho benefit of hor needy ohudron. Houoo Avhon in vlrfcuo of an. Indulgonoo, tho closorvod punishment is romlttiod, God always roooivoa tho sabis 'aotiou whioh He olalma and whioh His juabioo demands, Tho dobb duo to Him is paift to its full amount out of tho treasury laid up in tho Ohuroh— tho inexhaustible troasury of bho merits of Christ and Hia saints, Mako youraolf an honost man, aud then you may bo suro thore ia ono rascal loss 'in ' tho world. —Oarlylo, 