"BELOW- AND ON TOP." " Below and on Top" is a volume containing a collection of stories by Edward Dyson, the majority of which originally appeared in the Bvlhlin, Argii*, Punch and other Australian journals. The most of the stories are descrip tive of mining life. The initial one, which gives the volume its title, is an effective Bketeh of the history of an abandoned mine, showing the youthful superstitious belief in the existence of shadowy ghosts- of miners who had lost their lives, and illustrating how a rich patch in the gutter, formerly concealed by a little trickery, is being profitably worked by a "hat ter," whose silent movements lend color to the ghost theory until he is unearthed by the sterner grown-up members of the min;"ng district. "A Golden Shanty-" is a faithful reminiscence of the relics of the earlier days, when mud huts and shanties too were built of material in the pre gold era, and afterwards the walls of which were found to " pan out " rich in the cradle and the dish. There is a deal of rough pathos in "Jarker's Flat," "Dead Man's Lode," "Glovers Little Joke," the "Whim Boy," and "One Night." "Ifr. and Mrs. S'"n Fat" is rather a lurid picture of the devilish propen sities of Chinese character in sapping the moral naturi of the weaker members of women kind. " A Visit to Scrubby Gully" is a sharply drawn picture of back blocks liie, and '.he hopeless, aimless ex istence of its toil-worn, dispirited inhabi tants. The sketches mostly touch upon the rougher and seamier side of Australian life, whether it be on the worked out diggings or in the equally uncongenial atmosphere of unsuc cessful selectors' homes. It seems almost a pity indeed that talent which depicts scenes which can evoke naught from the reader but a sense of helpless commiseration should be thrown away on such work. Australian writers like Dyson can surely find brighter and more con genial episodes to work upon than the gloomy, morose views of wasted life which he throws so vividly on,his literary screen. There is an unhealthy "tired" atmosphere about the character*, the locality and incidents of so many of these Australian sketches that is not exactly true'to nature. These writers are loo nauch giren to bringing into, prominence the lives of the ne'er.:do-well section of Australian society, characters who have missed their op portunities from want of a little energy, and who instead of attempting to repair their own faults, rail at society in general, and continually harp on their own misfortunes. Miss Ethel Turner's bright breezy sketches avoid this limning of the melancholy side of colonial nature,; and her stories are bright and readable, and true representations of life in the colonies. BoWrewood also is free from the tendency to harp on the protraiture of a phasa of life that is not worth while wasting time and talent upon when these can be turned to better ac count. "Below and. On Top" is excellently got up in library form by Messrs. George Robertson and Co., the letterpress "being in large, bold, clear type; on very superior quality of paper. Several effective illustrations from the well-known brush of Phil May are repro duced in the volume from prints, and the book will afford a pleasant hour or so's recreation to a reader. 