Ppfeind Won. CHAPTER XXI (CoimiTOKD). After sbe had been sitting at the footofthecross fur several minutes, the satd, with « sweet tmile : 4 Mande,if you look at me in that fashioneveryone who sees you will begin to wondei what is the matter.' 'Do 1 look as though I loved you so dearly, mamma ?' ' You do indeed, my dear child.' 'inrai amgiad, i said. 'After all tbe-long weary years of yearning, how can I show my love (or you enough?' -- * Perhaps I shall . require one great f-. proofif^yofcr love,! Maude. If so, I am stire you will stand the test, And now, 'my darling,, as we have some time before the ' Angelus ' bell rings at Riiddgy, tell ipe your story, all that you k^w and remetaber about your self.* I told it to her as I have told it in these columns. I told, h'er how I was driven mad, and how in my madness I ran away, vowing never in life;Jp look upon them again. I told'lier 'there was only one .man in this' world whom J shoultf eftfcjjS l;te,(jina:7that*»m» my cousinl Galahad, even though he had wished me dead. There was no room in my heart for any other. * You'know, mamma,' 1 said, 'the love of the St. Neots is 'fixed and fatal.' ' You should not have condemned him unheard, Maude,' said my dear mother. - ' Vou would never have condemned him at all, you are too good,' I answered. ' But he loved Lady Maud Trent . There was no' mistake in tbe world about that, mamma. 1 should think they are married by now/ But my mother did not seem con vinced. . ; '.V ' YouehDultlha ve spoken to him, Maude, my darling. before you left,' she said. 'Ido'not view his conduct quite ip the Mud* light that you dov lthihkhelbvedyou.' ' Oh, ntammal' I cried, while my hean b^jit, -and my (ace flushed, ' I can t»t Tib ink so ; it is impossible But now ire have talked long enough ? of myself, mamma ; I am dying to hear your story from your own lips.' 'You know most of it, Maude. My fate has been a strange one, dear j bbt 1 am sure'ali lias been for the best.' My life has been simply a romance of a black veil.' 'You. had a happy childhood, mamma1'. 'Sy'Sear Maude, all that your I father (old you was true. He was a handsome man when he made love to me, Maude *— I thought of his face as I h*d;seen it last, fixed in , the terrible \- % -leaxh-egony,«fHl4.shuddered— 'but ? „ ? ? it wAg po't for th'at 1 admired hi'm;it was for tiisgenerous goodness tothe church and to my parents. Then, I think,' added my/ mother, with a most charming air of candour, ' I really was ' what the world -calls 'in love ' with him. -Bathe never told me that he was Earl of St. Neots. Had I known it, I would not have married Jjira, for rank and title had no attractions for me. I think, Maude,' she said, 4 that I was very happy for a few months. Your father, my husband— oh, how strange those words seem, to me now ! — is dead, and of the dead we must speak no evil. I wili say nothing of what I felt, what I suffered, when I found that I bad man-ied the man known as 'the reprobate earL1 Nothing could compensate me for that. I will pass on. to the time when 1 1 believed you dead. Why the earl treated me so cruelly about you I have never known ; but I think he was angry, jealous, because I loved you and did not love him. I can think of no other motive. ' It was a cruel deed — perhaps the most cruel he ever committed. Now that I am older and wiser, I cannot imagine why I believed him so implicity. From his manner I ought to have doubted him ; but I never did. I firmly believed you dead. 'Then, when 1 began to get better, the earl's lawyer came to see me. The earl sent me word that he was tired of .my baby face and whining ways, and that he would give anything I asked him if I would go away and never let him see roe a^ain. Well, it was a matter of indifference to me now that I believed my child was dead. ' At first I refused the money ; but Mr. Norton, the lawyer, was a sensible man. 'I advise you to take it,' he said. ' If it is left in the earl's hands, he will only spend it in rioting and sin ; while, if you take it, think what good you may do with it ; you can devote it to the service of heaven.' ' So I took the amount offered and established this place.' 'But, mamma,' I cried, 'now that you have found me, you will go back to the world; you will take up your rank and station ; will you not ?' ' We will talk of that, dear child, later on,' she answered. 'And, in the meantime, keep our secret, Maude ; let no one have an inkling ot it.' CHAPTER XXII. I thought no more noble character than my beautiful mother had ever lived ; but I told her frankly that I considered it would have been better had she remained with my father. . It was true that he ill-treated her, but wa$ it not within the bounds of possibility thai, had she not left him, he might in time have become gentler to her, and even have been a better man ? The desertion of my father was the only matter for which I could- blame my isolated mother. I could not tell whether she agreed with me or not. She said little, but sbe looked wist fully at me. ? It would have been better for you, 1 Maude, perhaps, if I had remained with the earl/ she said. One morning she pointed to the old weather-beaten cross, with its clinging ivy and scarlet passion flowers. ' Mautieshe said, * do you know why I Vilue that old stone cross so highly?' ' » ' no,', I answered. \ ' ' I brought it from Sedgebiook ,' she said, ' it stoodin the old churchyard there, and I purchased it. I brought it away with me for love of the dear old place, and keep.it here always in sight. I cannot tell -you how 1- love it When I was quite a little child, I used to: tit at the foot and weave daisy- chains and my heart told me that her soul was as pure now as it had been in those days. One morning I went to her rcom to see if she had five minutes' leisure.. My heart was. full of something I wanted to discuss witb her. How her face brightened when she saw me 1 ' Mamma, I want to speak to you very seriously, I said. 'Can you spare five minutes ?' ' Fijftyifor.you, my dear,' she said, ? if you tv&hl; them.' I sat down on a stool at her feet, and looked up to her with entreating eyes. ' Mamma,' # asked, ' hat finding me made any difference with respect to what you call your vocation ?' She lookecT just a little troubled, and thai answered : ' No. I think not, Maude ?' ' I want you to make a sacrifice for me, mamma, 1 laid. ' 1 -told you the story of my will.' 'For your sake, so great is the love, L bear you, I will revoke it^and -the money shall be invested for you and for me. You shall take your proper position in the world, you slyill be treated as the Countess of St., Neots deserves to be treated, and we will live together in some happy home, if you will say the word. Was it a temptation? , I shall never know* She was silent for some little time, her hand rating carelessly on my* head. ' Do you remember, Maude, what is uCWofcjliose whig put their hands to the plough and then turn back?' she said thetfc ' I must not be one 9^, those. Ah, no^mydearand generous daughter I This is my life's tfork ; I must remain here.' - ' I must say good-bye to my dream ?' I asked. J' . ' YeC~aetfa**hifd. And now, -Maude, let us talk of you. . Are you veryh §J»I-y herf?' 1 Yes, I am very happy,' I replied. V She looked at me wistfully. ' Have you ev^r thought, dear, that you would like to lie a sister ?' she, asked. - !T 'No, mamma, doling; 1 should like to live here all my life with you, but X do not feel that I have a ^T^ut^tjiere ii j^e^BtBre^Tye fStiSF tmnK aDouiyour luture — ' She stoppe^ai^jrjjgtly, for Sister Catherine, jjft portress, stood at the door. . ' ' Mother ' EtheWreda/ she said,' ' there -is a gentlemtH^j(|k*:£.sking for y00-' Mother Etheldreda, taking a card from her hand, read aloudV ' The Earl of St. Neot^f ; In silence she looked at me ; but I had no word to say. ' My mother's face grew deathly pale. ' Does the gentleman ask for me, Sister Catherine 1' ' He asked to see the reverend mother,' she replied. ' Say that I will be with him in a few minutes, sister.' And then we were alone. I ' Maude,' cried my mother, ' is it you, or is it myself, whom he has | sought and found?' ' How can I say, mamma?' I replied, bewildered. ' The Earl of St. Neots,' she again read. ' It is like a dl earn, Maude ; I cannot believe my eyes. If he has traced you, how has he managed it ? If myself, the mystery ib even much greater.' I could not recollect my thoughts ; my brain was in a whirl. ' The Earl of St. Neots I' repealed my mother for the third time. ' Oh, Maude, what are we to do ?' With my senses reeling, my mind was a blank, how could. I advise ?' ' Mamma,' I cried, in desperation, ' do not betray me ; do not tell him I am here.' ' My dearest Maude,' she said, in a gentfe voice, ' I faithfully promise you one thing. I will do what is best for you — trust .me implicity.. You will wait here for me, my dear,' she added. 1 shall not be long.' And then she went away. c I felt that if I remained in the room I should be stifled ; and, going out into the garden, I clasped the old weather-beaten cross, with a sensation that without some support I should fall to the ground CHAPTER XXIII. I cannot tell how long 1 had knelt by the weather-beaten cross in the convent garden when I heard a light footstep on the grass. ' Maude/ whispered my mother, ' look up, dear child. It is true ; he is here- And, my darling, it is you he has traced — you, not me. He does not know me; and he implores you to see him.' ' Never again,' I said — ' never again. Did he not wish me dead ? Oh, mamma, how did he find me? 1 thought I was quite safe here, hidden with you.' 'Maude,' she said, 'the circum stances are so extraordinary that I must believe them to be providential. He found you, as I found you, through that money. It appears that the filty pound note I paid to Mrs. Phillips had his name and your initials on it. She paid it away to a Mr. Benson, a tea [ broker in the city, aud from his hands il passed into none other than those of Mr. Norton, who, seeing the earl's name on it, made inquiries, and found that it came from this very cPnvent. Naturally he went straight to the earl ; and, without a moment's delay, my i dearest Maude, Lord St. Neots ; hastened hither ; and he has the note With him. He has .a note-book, one be showed me where he entered all the notes that he paid you, with their numbers, when he changed a cheque for you ; he remembers every detail. Oh, Maude, how he loves you I' ' Loves me, mamma!' I cried, in dignantly, when be wished me dead I He is going to marry Lady Maud Trent* How can I love him ?' 1 told you from the first that per haps you had misjudged him,' said my mother^ gravely, ' and now I am quite sure of jt. 1 do not believe that he ever said so cruel a thing of you, indeed of anyone, in his life. As for marrying Lady Maud Trent, if ever a man loved with his whole heart, he so loves you.' 'He does not, he canuot; he wished me dead, and I will never forgive him. Mamma, pray manage it for me. Tell him .that .it is true I am here, and that 1 wish to remain here all my life, that 1 thank him for calling, but that . I would rather not see him. Oh, mamma, do this for me 1' She bent down and kissed me. ' I will do just what you ask, my darling.' She went away, and my head drooped again, but now ray brain was dear — 1 could think. Ah, well, now all was at an end ! Of course, he would be disgusted when he received my message — woujd go away, and never seek to see ne again. Well, let him go and marry .his love. -i, I heard the sound of fe. door opts ing and closing. He *3$ gone, gfte' for ever, and my mother, of course, was coming back to me. ' Then a hand gently touched mine, but surely that was not the light touch of my mother's soft, slender band I This was warm and strong, and a voice, that was like no other voice on e^ith to me, murmured softly : J?* * ' Maude, why did you leave ?' He was there, and my heart *£& m *hh a great pasMDnategnf Bur-i'^had left bim, .a'ndj I mSm meant to look upon him in'this wcBu again. Havjng buried my love,Vwa» I now toijp-biought face to face with its ghost ' Maude will you neit^dflook at me nor speak to me ?.,asktd the earneg; voice. '? .jfi' ?? . .,'-1 cannot I' I cried. ; ' Oh, mother, bave you 'betrayed ne? Then my mother's lovipg. bagfe* stole round me. She drew We aside into the cloisters, motioning to Galahad to follow. 1 Maude, darling, listen me,' said my mother. , . ' You were mistaken, be jiever^aid those ^cruel w^ds^^yaS' ' It* is true, Maude. Look up, my darling,' Galahad pleaded. When at last 'iny courage came back 'to me, and I lowed up, my mother was gone, and Iffy handsome young lover stood there.alone. ' M^ude, my darlingS^M^jfttispered, 'how could-(you leave me 1 How. could you bdlievfe 'alf**W0e:*fpo|jf)i cruel-words ? You must have seen that I loved youHrith ali .my heart' ' You lovet^gLady Maud Trent,' I said, my face still hidden, ' ' They all said s'q. Yo^r mother' wished her to be your wife.V. . ~ But,' he interrupted r'f^n marrying I intend to please myself — not my mother. Oh, Maude, do not punish ' me for the sins of others 1 Let me gaze at those beautiful eyes of yours — they have haunted me from the first moment I saw them. Do you remem ber, dear, when I found you under the cedar-tree crying as though your heart would break ? Look at me, love I You were kinder to me then. The pain and the fire of jealousy were dying away, the music of the voice I loved was beginning to in fluence me. I raised my face and looked at him. How fair he was — eyes lit up with love, his handsome face eager and anxious ! That look into my love's eyes sealed my fate. ' You were so cool to me,' I said. 'Alter Lady Maud Trent came you had no eyes, no ears, for anyone but her.' ' Pardon' me Maude, that is not true. Lady Maud Trent was a very old friend, so there could never be any question at all of my falling in love with her. _ I should as soon have thought of falling in love with one of my own sisters. Could you not see that ? With her I was quite at niy ease, while I was just a little afraid of you.' To Be Concluded. 