THE GIRL HE LEFT BEHIND HIM. George Grayling, of South Afrioa, and Lord Bodmiu.uf Tivcrdou House, Park- lane, had jaat met, for tbe first time for two yews, on Sunday morning, ueor tbe Achilles statue. I ?' Yes. I got back late last night,' said Gray- I ling, surveying fie black leafless tree* and the ? drab tinted fronts of the stately English i houses with a look of intense satisfaction in liis calm blue eves. ' It u three years sinoe I lust o'.t Tool iu London. Nothing seems altered, and jet I suppose everything is changed. What's the earliest hour at which a man may vulture to call on old friends on Sunday morn ing?' ' Ob, give 'em till half-past one t' said Lord Budmin. ' People go to church and lie in bed on Sunday mornings, now. What did they do threr) yuatB ago, I wonder f' Loid Boinnn glanced at his friend, and a gcod-humoured smile lurked about his lips. He had gone on u shouting tour with this tawny-beardod, suuburnt trave-ller in the land whrre the man was known as a mighty hunter and the best of traders for wealthy youth ia pursuit of sport aud adventure. After a suc cessful trip up country, they had parted the fit mist of frieuiln- Grayling to prospect for ILe now gold of a virgin land, Jack Hayward to return to the old world to look alter the ancient estates so soon to be his own, A recol lection of the roughneis of tbe waggon life — tun primitive cookery, and the modest wardrobe — came into his mind as he noted the conven tional correctness of Grayling's present cos tume. ?' You seem to have Followed the fashions pretty carefully,' he said, laughing. *- Did you fit out in Cape Town, or had you tbe vanity to Bend on to Londoa for what you wanted P' ' They were waiting for me at the hotel last night. I didn't want to turn up quite like a savage. What are you laughing at P Are they all wrong ? ' and Grayling looked down at bis irreproachable attire in sudden doubt. ' My dear Fellow', they are perfection, You must gire me the address of your tailor. 1 was only laughing because I shouldn't have suspec ted yeu capable of taking so much trouble. But the veldt isn't Hyde Park, is it ? Aud white women are mure fanciful than black in the mttter of olotbes, aren't they P I think sbe will be rather flattered by your forethought.' ' Who will be flattered ? What do you mean ? ' '? Wliy, the lady that you are going to call npou at half-past one. Tell me. all about it, old cbap. 1 bope she is worthy of you.'' George Grayling bit his light moustache, looked slight!}- puzzled, if not offended, and then laughed frankly and heartily— a little louder, perhaps, than is customary at Church J'arade in London. ?? Bodmin, you're as good » sort as ever,' he said, cheerily. ' When I saw you just now I wan in two minds about cpraking to you. Jack Haywurd on liis travels Su Africa and Lord Bodmin at home arc two very different people, 1 thought. Of course, I knew you'd be civil, but 1 didn't erpect you to le friendly ; and, bang me, if you don't seem as pleased to see me again as I am to see you.' ' .1 am— every bit, and more,' said Bodmin ; ?' and I want to bear all that's happened since tbe old days. You remember we used to get pretty confidential in that olil waggon.' ' You did, you mean. You used to tell me about a dozen different love affair*, each of which, you said, bad driven you from your native country. Now you have come into ynur own, I suppose you are rarely driven to despair, eh?' 'Ob, I am a reformed character, and a credit to the pierage. I am going to be married. iVIade up my mind to the fatal plunge this Hutumn. Made my choice, proposed, and was refused. You wouldn't^ believe, it, would you, in these hard times ? But I bore it philosophi cally. It was quite right ; I didn't deserve tier. And I doa't. For I offered her another chance — just to make sure tbat I hadn't mis understood — and the second time she gave way, and submitted to fate.' ' I congratulate you,' said Grayling. ' And she is to be congratulated.' ' Far from it,' said Bodmin, lightly. 'Sh-- is much too good for me. But tell me about yourself. What or who has drawn you from tbe conquering aud civilising business ?' ? ' Well, the fact is I want to follow your Xood example— I wont to get married.' ' Some one yuu met out there ?' ' No ; some one I lift behind me when I wrnt into rxile. I always told you that I was (n love — with one instead of a dozen —but you didn't believe me. Well, I was engaged to her before I left. I asked her if she would wnit while I went in search of a fortune ; and she has waited for rue. Three years is a loug time, isn't it ?' ' I'm sure she is a nice girl, or you wouldn't be sd fund ol her,' said Bodmin, kindly. ' Fond of her hardly expresses it,' said Grayling, with a smile. ' You know what sort of fortune is made trading ivory, and all the rest of it, and who -realises the profits of gold-mining — the fellows who do tbe digging, or the fellows who stay at home and write prospectuses about it ? At the end of thci first year I thought I should be coming back ia another twelve months, a rich man — thai is, as rich as 1 wanted to be. But, after that first Tear, every month found me farther away from my goal. Even introducing the aristocracy to big game didn't set me up for life.' ' You surprise me by that.' *? No one can wait foe ever. Aud. as the timn went by, you can guets how I used to thick about my chances. A pretty girl, a girl certain to bo admired, living in London in a worldly net, with a worldly family not likely to underrate the advantages of a good match or the folly of a bad one ; and a ptnniless beggar on tbe other side of tbe globe, asking her to keep free until it smted him to come- back and claim her. Of course, her people told her I would never come back lit all, and huped it, no doubt.' ' but they would have heard of you this last year,'' said Bodmin. ' Y«ur name was always in the papers.' ' ,Ob, with the Company. Sbe told me nhc followed all that with interest. I bad five let ters from her io those three years. I told her it was no use writing, nnd when I got the last letter I wan a rich man. Think of it— nine hundred a year, left me by an old aunt, waiting for me in England. Stems a trifle paltry to you, no doubt, but to me it was wealth beyond thb dr- amn of avarice ; and in the way ot land, I'm a tremendous owner. Willing,, to ps/t with an immuise estate in the neighbourhood of the flourishing citv of Bul'awayo, if you've got the land- Lunger on you.' ' Thanks ! I find a Yorkshire holding quite far enough away to be troublesome. Gooa. I taku it you came home without wasting any more lime?'-. ' Like a stone from a ding. . She had been true to roe; She was still waiting for me. She had just refused some heavy swell for my sake. Kg doubyii r mother and sister were furious with her. I think I should have coins buck when 1 gut that letter, even if I hadn't heard from the lawyers about the money at tbe pante time. Sbe bad kept her promise, God bless htr. But I am only boring, you. Yon aren't listening.'' ? - , 'Toa.l wag. You said yon came straight as an arrow from Bulawayo,' Raid Lord Boilmin, hurriedly. ' I fanoiqd I saw some one. . Yes, by Jove, here shn comes 1' Grayling, following the direction of his friend's eyes, started violently. ?? How did you know P' he asked, his voioa founding husky from emotion. Bat Bodmin did not heir the question. A carriage bad passed. An elderly woman and a handsome girl, who had just entered the park, were waiting on the ?then side for the carriage to go by, before crossing the road. Tbe noise of the passing wheels had drowned Grayling's words. ' It's Edith Chalmers— tbe girl 1 am engaged to — —and har mother,' said Lord Bodmin, quickly. ' Don't ran away I I should like to ntroduce you to them.' 'No, I woD't ruu awny,' said Grayling, quietly. ' But you needn't introduce roe. I have often met Lady Jane, and her daughter.' Presently, after be had been welcomed back to London with the unexuberant politeaess of well-bred people, Mr. Grayling and his old friends strolled back to the Achilles statue. At this point the crowd rendered progress difficult, and Miss Chalmers was given an op portunity of renewing her acquaintance with the exile in a brief tete-a-tete. Lord Bodmin was a few paces in front of them, gallantly steering Lady Jane through the press of the meb. and Miss Chalmers spoke in rapid low tones : ' Why didn't y»u write to say yon were returning f' ' I have arrived as soon as my letter could.' ' Have you beard of it— from him I' ' Yea ; Bodmin has just told me.' ' Are you surprised f ' Grayling looked at her stea.dily.and said with cold contempt, ' No, I am not surprised.' 'You are very cruel. Ate you going to be loug in town ?' ' No, I am only passing through. I am on my way to Africa.' ' You will come this afternoon. Come early, I ? ' '? I am very sorry. I have so little time ia London tbat I fear ? ' ' You must come. Do you hear ?** Grayling looked at her agnin. and tbe beauti ful dark eyes flashed iu command and softened in appeal. It was the same face, bat paler and harder than when it came to him in his dreams uuderthe Southern stars night after night during the lakt three years. The dark hair, the firm white brow and chin, and the foil lips which trembled ever »o slightly, and tbe stately carriage of the graceful head were the tame, yet not tbe same. Tbe sense of the wrong she bad done him hardened bis heart against her beauty, and filled him with vague wonder at his own folly. ' My coming could do do cood. I don't ask for any explanation. ? 1 can quite understand. Good-bye,' he said, firmly ; and then, making his adieux to Lady Jane and Bodtnio, he loft them. ' If you bad not come, ( should have gone to your hotel.' . ' Your note gave me so choice. But it is very foolisb. Your mother will be angry. Does the know I'm going back to-morrow P' The winter afternoon was drawing to a dose ; the little panelled room which Grayling n inembered io w--ll was full of strange shadows Each time thai the fire leapt into life in the basket-grate, some familiar object sprang out from the gloom of the walls— a picture, a carved bookcase, the writing-table at which sbe bad penned the letters which had kept his hopes from fading out there in tbe wilderness. ' Never mind my mother. She knows that I meant to see you— alone. Arid sbe prefers this to the other way. 1 want you to uudirstand how it happened. You know that we hadn't too much money in the old days. Well, things got worse and worse. My mother's income has dwindled away almost to nothing. It is only what my father settled on me and the help my uncle gives us that bave i nabled us to keep on in the old house ; aud eveu then we are hideously in debt and always in moui.y diffi culties. Of cuurse, I hey all said I muht merry some rich man, ami «n re the family, Kveiy body was against me— mother, Alice, my uncles —everybody. They said it was madness to expect you to return — tb*t you would either get killed, or would settle down with a score of black wives and be a chief, and never come back. They said if you really cared forfte, you . would have been back long ago. Then, when they found out tbat I had refused L»rd Bodmin, they made my life an absolute torment to me. My uncle said I was killing my mother, my mother said I was ruining my sister's prospects — that she could never get married until 1 was out of the war- They all made me feel bow much they wanted to get rid of me. ' George, don't be unkind ! Say you can make allowances or something -even if you don't mean it. Why did you go away P Why were you su proud ? 1 had enough then for both of us. Why didn't you marry me f It was your horrible pride — the pride that men always hold dearer than their love. ' George, do you hear what I say ?' and she came over to the hearthrug, where he stood staring into tbe heart of the red fir*, and laid her hand on his shoulder. ' I swear I wax as much in love with you as I was on tbe day tbat I told Bodmin I would be bis wife. They had made me believe that it was my duty— tbat it would be best for you ns well as for us. But now that you bave come back, what shall I do — what shall I do 7' and she leant her head upon her hand. ' Did you teUBodmia anything of the pest ?' ' No. If he bad known he would never bave asked me to be his wife. He is very good and very kind, and I have treated him shamefully. But, George, he doesn't love me as you used to — as you do now. It is no good pretending Nothing can make any difference. You lore me as much as ever— 1 know you do.' - Then suddenly she looked up, and, clasping bis hand, said almost defiantly : ' I won't do it, George, noir you hare re turned ! I don't care for anything ia the world but you. Family, friends, reputation, are all nothing. T-ike me back to Africa with you, and let us forget everything but our love.' 'You forget that Bodmin is my friend. Treachery to him would—' ' Ob ! he will get over your treachery.' ? ' Yes. but 1 shouldn't, Edith, you don't un-lt rate nd. My lovo was the girl who refn«d the rich man for the sake of her penniless lover; the girl who jilted Lord Bodmin is some one quite different ! Good-bye!' ' George, don't go ! You won't go to-morrow -you nill wait just a little while ?' ' I shall leave Cbaring Cross to-morrow morning by the eleven-Unity train for Dover.' ' Charing Cross ! That's tbe train mother and I went to Paris in.' And thu girl laughed hysterically ?' If you want to sit with your back to tbe engine, you must start -hn other way, because the train chnugis ends at 'Cannon-street. Oh, George ! bow can you be so cruel ?' And she caught bis band aud burst iuto tear*. ' Why don't you say that you are glad to be free, that you bad grown tired of me, and only came back to do your duty to the old love that was cold and dead P' 11 You know that I could not say that with out lying.' ?' Then you do love me still P Then let me come with you— take me back with yon I' ' Good-bye !' And he gently released him self from the clasp of her trembling hands; ' Don't think tbat I try to be cruel, or that I , dsn't understand tbe pressure which has made , you promise yourself to auother man. It was an unequal bargain. Three years is an absurdly long time— a lifetime in Mayfiir, isn't it f But in Africa— you can guess how time flies out there. There was no merit in remaining faith ful—-' ' ! ' George, I bats you !' And -hs threw off fhn bud to whioh sbe bad been clinging convul sively. Then, as he reached tbe threshold, she . called after him t ' No 1 1 love you— more than ever I' Cannon-street Station in tbe fog »f the win ter morning loaded black and vault-like. Clouds of white steam under the vaBt aich of tbe gla*s roof glowed for a moment in opal tint! where (he aro lamps burnt whitely, and then were lost in the drab-coloured mist above. Peojile oa the platforms seemed ghost-like and shadowy. The muffled figure of a woman hurrying from carriage to carriage filled the passengers in the Continental train with dread lest their comfort was to be interfered with by the addition of another traveller. Just as the train was on tbe point of starting, the lady in the heavy fun discovered the compartment for which she was seeking — a smoking carriage, with a solitary man in the far corner. The guard shut the door upon her, the engine whistled, and the boat-express steamed away into the fog and mist hanging over tbe river. ' Edith ! Why have you done this ?' cried the man in the corner, struggling to his feet amid a shower of rugs and magazines. ' Because 1 am going with you. It's no good being angry.' Aud she flung off her fur wraps and settled down by hiB side. rbeu, with bright eyes and glowing colour and a smile of triumph on her tremulous lips, sbe con tinued quickly : ' It is no good. making a fuss ; you bave got to take me — for better, for worse. I have written to fiodmin ;, left a letter for my mother, sister— everybody I could think of. What's the time P Getting on for twelve ! .Why, my disappearance from smart society will be in the evening papers by now. George, say yon are pleased I And tell me if you really meant to twie the engine— or forget that the train went into Cannon-street P' — ' The World.' 