I BOUXr ACCORD WHISKY. I amalgamation of four famous I C , :sh distilleries has recently been I T-d. and the large business thus I is carried on under the trade I ' the Dailuaine- Talisker Distil- I Ltd. The establishments in I .'i are the Dailuaine-Glenlivet, the I -.il Glenlivet, the Bon Accord, and I | i Jisker Distillery, Isle of Skye. It I 3 that the output of this combin- I ..ill reach the total of two million I . , year, of which ne.-trly a million I juarter will consist of single malt ; , t The Bon Accord whisky is I ( : . exported to Australia. It is a I ; the fine Glenlivet whiskies and I ! ;isher, which latter is said to be I ordinary quality. The blend I Australia carries all the characte- I , ,.f these famous Glenlivet and I T:.i- b-r whiskies. It is a pure and >-,, , me malt whisky, entirely free f terious grains, and made by the I boned pot still, and is spoken of 1/ I in the highest terms by the analysists I who have subjected it to tests. It is now I : me twenty years since Scotch whisky I suddenly leapt into fame, and Englisli- | ' : n became aware that the Highlands I Id produce a spirit of purity and ex- I >-iA:it quality. The demand for good I ' 'divet whisky, which, after all, is the I bone of half the whiskies in the I . : . has never slackened; and from I -pearances is likely to increase I usly in the future. It has al- I been mentioned that malt whisky I ,,.;.de in the old-fashioned "pot I which are for all the world like I "i j .-d chemical retort. The pot I " present day is merely an ad- I the old smuggling stills, and I 'd the wit of man to devise I ueans of distilling. "Small I stills" wu s the old maxim, and small stills reien at Talisker. They are six ;ij numbvr, arranged in three pairs of ysa Ti.v.c-1 size. In many distilleries the ' -'i y distilled twice, but at Talisker "vocess is repeated a third time, with the result that a very pure whisky is produced. Undoubtedly the word Talisker is al most as well-known all over the country in relation to the production of moun tain dew as the word "Glenlivet" itself. The phrase, "It's a fine speerit. the Tal isker," has as wide a circulation as some of our most pojiular proverbs, and, unlike many of them, carries with it the merit of absolute truthfulness. No one would think of decrying its merits, and who cannot remember the show-cords of this famous distillery, with the brawny Highlander, kilted and plaided. holding in his hand a glass of his favorite bmnd, and a broad smile of satisfaction o'er- spreading his honest face, as he gives expression to the sentiment, "It's a fine speerit, the Talisker." Glenlivet whisky is also famous. Nestl ing in one of the most beautiful glens in - Scotland, beneath the bare and lofty summit of Benrinnes, and completely hidden from road, river and railway by the wooded sides of the glen, is situated the Dailuaine-Glenlivet Distillery, one of the oldest, and certainly the largest, of the malt distilleries in Scotland. The I BON ACCORD DISTILLERY. distillery is of a very picturesque ap pearance. The quaint pagoda-shaped chimneys over the malt kilns, the eleva tor tower, built in the old Scotch baron ial style, the lofty elevators, the slated roofs and moss-grown walls, and the curious old offices, embowered in the green dale, present a picture as unlike the usual large manufactory as can well be imagined. Why such a retired nook should have been chosen as the site of such a huge manufactory would be in explicable but for the history of the in dustry. The traditions of the green dale, for such is the English equivalent of the Gaelic Dail-uaine, supply the explana tion. Just below the distillery is still to be seen the ruins of the stronghold of James-an-Tuan,a famous freebooter and smuggler, whilst by the edge of the Car- ron burn is the cave in which the illicit potheen manufactured in the surround ing glens was stored. Even to this day it is -said that the ghosts of departed smugglers may be observed at night TALISKER DISTILLERY, ISLE OF SKYE. — dailuaine glenlivet distillery, strathspey. carrying ghostly kegs to and fro in the glen. But though the natural store house remains, the illicit stills have all been swept away, as mtich by the fact that they could not compete with the legitimate distilleries as by the vigilance of the Excise officers. The illicit distillery, the germ from which the huge mass of buildings de picted below has sprung, was merely a little thatched cabin hidden away in a secluded nook so as to escape observa tion as far as possible. The plant was of the most primitive description. At one end of the cabin a large peat fire was kindled on the ground and confined by a semicircle of large stones. Rest ing on these stones and over the fire was a large tin vessel often capable of holding as much as forty gallons. This served the double purpose of boiler and body of the still. The malted barley, when ground, was placed in a cask to gether with a certain quantity of hot water from the large kettle, and after it had been "mashed" — a term suffici ently expressive — yeast was added, and the mixture was allowed to ferment. The fermented liquid was then placed in the still and heajted over the fire un til all the spirit had been given off. In this fashion whisky was produced, and although it must have been at the best a raw, fiery, spirit, it commanded a ready sale at Perth and other such towns. Doubtless the fact that it was well known to have been smuggled, and was blameless of all taint of duty, lent additional flavor. For all that, the pro cess in the most up-to-date distiller' to day is fundamentally the same. The wooden tub has evolved into the mash- tun with its stirring machinery and the huge wash-backs in which the fermen tation takes place. The tin kettle has beer, superseded by the pot still, which requires a small furnace instead of the peat fire; and the little smuggler's plant woith about L 3 is represented by some thousands of pounds' worth of machin ery. The Bon Accord Distillery is situated in Union Glen. The buildings are of a most substantial character, granite built and slated, and covering, we should think about throe acres of ground, and within easy carting distance of both har bor and railway station. It is splen didly equipped. The water used here is obtained from an artesian well, sunk to a depth of 500 feet, at considerable expense, and produces very fine whisky. The Imperial Glenlivet Distillery is an entirely new departure in distillery buildings in the north of Scotland. The main ideas were "substantiality, sim plicity, and labor saving," and the re- suit must assuredly have fulfilled the highest expectations of the designer. The distillery is situated on a plateau over looking, and some sixty feet above the level of the Spey, and stands between the river and the main line of the Great North of Scotland Railway. Looked at from the railway, the distillery has a most imposing appearance, with its CENTRAL GLENLIVET BONDED STORES. background of river and pine-clad Drum Hill beyond, natural features which greatly enhance the architectural style and color of the buildings. The Central Glenlivet Bonding "Ware houses are situated close to Carron sta- -j tion, on the Great North of Scotland Railway, between Craigeilachie and j Bout of Garten. This is the only j general block of warehouses in the fa- i mous Glenlivet district. The buildings j cover an area of about four acres, and the interesting calculation has been made that the slates used in the roofing < j would, if placed together, embrace an J area of about ten acres. The Australian agents for the Bon Ac- | cord Whisky are Messrs James Mac- i Dougall and Company Proprietary Lim- ! ited, whose offices are situate at No. 43 Queen street. The whisky has gained j a high reputation in Victoria, and is also j found in the leading houses of Western I Australia. On the gold fields of the ! western colony it has become very popu lar. | 1 