The Banket* rWAND THE [BY C. T. JARDINE PATON.] [Fpr the GAZETTE.] IT wat' a stifling December afternoon. Not iba ghost ¡of a breath. of wind came over the parched plain that lay gasping aed gaping for raia. The township seemed well-' deserted. Occasionally a teen lounged ont of one .ettore Into another~<-and back again, by way of breaking the oppressive monotony ' of the after noon, It wee loo hot to smoke ; too hot to swap lits ; and far too hot to gel drank. Of coane e beast gets drank at any time; bat a men; "wbb Isn't also a beast, leaves that relaxation for suit able occasions. The flies alone were buzeingly busy; and their irritating activity increaseo* lae the beat grew more and more intense. It was al-. ; most too much troublé to swear at these relentless tormentors, or to attempt to scare them by other legitimate means. Inside, tb» heat was suffocat ing ; outside it was baking. From the big parlour window, we could tee the Seven- mile Road stretching away out over the flat, now. and for weeks past, a veritable tea of dust : and we sat looking languidly at the cheerless prospect, and wondering, in an aggrieved fashion; why the tiny puffs of wind, that occasionally raised cloudletsjof sand ¿nd dust out on the -flat, would not try a frol ic in the sweltering township. I had risen to go and have my third shower bath during the day, when Cobb and Co's coach ! came into, view' bverj the top nf Captain's Rise, bringing with it whirling clouds of dust, the mere sight of which increased one's thirst. A moment afterwards, Joe Hill, the landlord, came into the parlour fanning himself vigorously. " Coach is in sight, Joe," said Mort Lindsay, from under -the table, where fae lay stretched out on the matting. : "Yes-er-that reminds me that I want you boy« to do rae a favour in return for the obligation 4 am about to confer upon you all,*1 said Joe, still fanning awij, _ - --"^VV"".^^Wi .< You're like IB Wootolhg YâtneV^ What's this newest obligation ?" " Well» simply this : The coach is bringing ans of the prettiest wittiest, and best barmaids from Sydney ito Ibis hotel, under a six months' engage ront. I couldn't afford to let Caleb Watts bavé tliing8 all his own way T want some of yôu to Liing the girl's -Hi^ake dúW from'the " Cpm-' marcial when the coach arrives," said Joe,and hé i nned himself airily out ot the room1, confident ihat the luggage referred to would be carefully looked after hy cenain of his parlour boarders. | There were fi ve of us in the rcom. Fottf of us left at once to doll ourselves up * bit. We wanted to make a good impression on the newcomer. Ons j Foley, however, didn't move. He was stretched j i Mit on a lounge admiring the ceiling. j ' Aren't you going down Gus ?'I asked. 'Why-you're the Adonis of the place,'said 1 Mort lindsay, who was about ugly enough to be : grotesquely good looking. Gus smiled good-naturedly and said : ' It's too darned hot to talk about Adonis or any other defunct and distinguished person. You wouldn't be so bad looking yourself Mort, sold boy. but for-er-awfully obvious reasons. Three of the fellows are rummaging round for fancy ties, brushing their hair and titivating themselves generally. Three's quite enough to burst in a cloud of beauty on a visitor, all at once. Besides women ain't much in my line. ' Gus closed bis eyes. ' That's hard, blooming hard on the woman,' said Lindsay departing. ' Ye-es, it's a bit rough on them,' asserted the man on the lounge. Med Bayne and I got down to the " Commer cial" before t'other two, but they were io time to meet the coach, which had on board four female passengers. It was pot hard to pick out the one who was to preside over Hill's bar Ned Bayne doffed his hat, and helped Miss Lonsdale down. " Show me your trunks, Miss Lonsdale," he said, "and these friends of miine will take them up to the hotel for you." And straightway be es corted Miss Lonsdale off, as cooly as you please. " Ghost 1" gasped Mort Lindsay, " be's cool enough to be a refrigerator." " Yes," I asserted, as we humped the baggage ; " and he had her name ot quite pat," " Oh, no doubt be asked Joe what it was. Ned's a daisy, an' no mistake." One after another the fellows in the township fell in love with Miss Lonsdale ; seme seriously,' some sadly, and some slightly-the^e last fell regularly in love with every presentable female newcomer. Joe . Hill's hotel, « The .prince >of Wales' became, though thei mosi or^j^ly. theist paying iiii wand district. An'i^^i}^fP^olp»; pleasantly and Well for a year or two, if Gus Foley, of the A.JS. Bank, had not grown passion ately fond of the dark little woman who kept Hill's bar so admirably, and if she had apt recip rocated Foley's affection with all the ardour of her sunny nature. There was something almost uncanny in the intensity of Foley's white heat pas-. sion. He, who had never cared much for woman, now fairly Worshipped one. Foley's widowed mother lived with him at the bank. She had notions of her own bf her son's settling in life. Her heart's desire was io see him marry Helen Maude McKay, only daughter of "Abboobatta" McKay, owner of the famous Abbonbàtta Station, and other fine pastoral property, and reputedly one of the three wealthiest Western squatters. Miss McKay was a highly aecotnplished girl, handsome in a grand imper ious way. as befitted one of the greatest heiresses in the colonies ; and, naturally had many suitors. She was a frequent visitor at the bank, because she had a warm liking for Foley's mother, and more than a sneaking regard for Foley. He. hew ever, with strange instinct for a bank-manager, iso loathed the bare idea of fortune-hunting that he tad always treated the " Abbonbatta Pearl" with bare courtesy, much to his mother's disgust. But all Things come to those who wll but' wajit, and Mrs Foley waited. Her son had never bebo much of a ladies' man. He was hard to please, exacting, ánd full of sweet," old-time hotións re garding'women. Still, such is the power of prox imity and tact, he began to have a sort of liking for the brilliant girl, who was so good to his -mother ; sad the girl finding him more attractive han ever because of his just perceptible thawing, feet herself deliberately and earnestly to Win him ; abd many'fellows envied Gustave'Gregory Foley. Mrs Foley was now content. She now con sidered the accomplishment of ber -dear desire a mere matter bf time. But the business rivalry between Joe Hill, of the Prince of Wales Hotel, ' and Caleb Watts, of the Royal Hotel (you can't beat a publican for being loyal) led, as bas been told, to the advent of Miss Doris Lonsdale. It did not take Mrs Foley long to hear of bèr son's Infatuation. When she realised that the reports were true, her indignation and'despair knew no bounds. To think that, when all things seemed favourable, à barmaid should upset her cherished plans--, it was intolerable. Mrs Foley re proached her son, but he flew at her, and said many sharp, bitter things. ' I love her, motlier, and she loves me ; and that ought to settle it.' ' Of course she loves you. A girl behind a bar would love a bankmanager any day-particularly if he offered her marriage. Why, Gus, you must %e:mid to tbTnk'of marrying that girl ' . It would be better to betray ber, eh ?* > ' 4GwUv*'-*barpl|-'You have no eight to saj mr «¡if ÄfÄl^^jwulbl ^Ú^Uin} ed a woman. Yoii should give the girl up: It's only brief madness:'tbat hllrids you. ?Hö\v could such á'girl take her place as a bankmanjigerV wife V" All the nest people would cut her dead Ybu cbuldh'tfcKpect them to do otherwise;' .Couldn't I?' 'If the best people (as you call them) refuMed tffölt upon my wife. I'd settle with; i them In lull. M iss Lonsdale is well educated, te- j fined, cleVer, and goo*:' 'That's all very well ; but one mustn't marry . beneath one.' s ' ' « I fail to sen how I soonld do so. jiíiss Lons-1 dale is more than my equal. A good, true woman is the best man's aqua---'' . Oh ! now you aie going to talk higbflown rubbish. Further discussion is useless. If you marry that woman, you'll break my heart-so there.' Yes-and if I don't' marry ' that woman, I'll be like to break har heart-and mine." A week afterwards Foley had to «oto Barra gorong for two days upon important land busi ness. During bis absence, his mother, dressed in great and oppressive state, called upon Miss Lons dale in one of the private parlours. 11 have called, Miss Lonsdale, to see you about my son. I do not know whether he has actually proposed to you yet, but whether be bas done so Or not, I want you to give him up.' Miss Lonsdale went white to the lips ; but ehe pluckily pulled herself together and said quietly : 1 Why should I give your son up ?' ' Because I wish him to marry a lady' -(a pause)-' a lady in his own sphere of life, wealthy, accomplished, and devoted to him. If he marries you, he -wilt commit social suicide.' 'Indeed!' . Yes, indeed.' ' You do not spare my feellings ; but of course a barmaid shouldn't have any finer feelings, such things being the prerogatives of wealthy squatters' daughters, ead other exalted folk.' . It's best to speak plainly.' ' Well, Mrs Foley, I may say that if you knew a little about my antecedents and my bringing-up. you would, notwithstanding your petty, paltry, prejudices, recognise that, despite «ny present occupation, I am at least your equal--but that's beside the question. I know that yon want your eon to marry Miss McKay. She is, I believe, a thoroughly good, womanly girl ; but your son has asked roe to marry him ; and, as he is very dear to me, I intend to be his wife.' - There was an uncomfortable silence form minute or two. Outside, a drunken bullock-driver was trying to si og "Alice Benbolt." Mrs Foley rose from her chair, and said i _" ' I thought that you might be induced to take, say a hundred pounds, to go away ¿rom here at once.' Miss Lonsdale also rose. Her face hardened ; into ber grave, brave eyes came a blood of contempt. . You are pleased to take advantage of your age end your position to insult me. My love is not for sale any more than is your honor. You will excuse me for declaring this interview at an end ' And. Miss Lonsdale swept out of the gaudy par lour with the air of a grand dame. When Foley returned from Burragorang, his mother told., him of her interview with Miss Lonsdale. . Well, all I can say, mother,' he said angrily, . is that you have an infernal front. I think that , if you bad been my father, instead of my mother, I would have horsewhipped you. I am not a a baby to be coddled. If I cannot mind my own affairs properly, I should be allowed to suflpr. Anyway, mother, if you dare to interfere again, you'll suffer.' Mrs Foley listened calmly to her son's re pressed outburst. She had not expected him to say sb little. ' My son 1 my only son I'-there was a world of tenderness ia the adjective-« I acted solely for the best.' ' Of course you did. You did the worst all for the best ; and grossly insulted a good woman for presuming to be fond of your son. Lord I what, aristocrats we bank managers in wee country townships be. The result of your interference will be (o hasten my marriage.' . The day that woman enters this house as your wife, I'll lp ave it. never to enter it again while she's in it.' . Perhaps it WOULD be as well to leave me until you have regained, the tender, slender stock of charity you once possessed, My wife will cer tainly be mistress of my household ; she will man age it without the supercilious and patronising interference of my relatives or friends.' 1 Some day you may be glad se send for me to straighten np your household when that jade-' ' Stop, mother. Don't call my future wife a jade. Remember-she's better than your sister Clara, who was d-lucky to get anybody to marry her« after her career.' : You are brutally cruel to remind me of jour aunt's trouble,' said Mrs Foley with crimson face, and quivering lips. ' Not any crueller than you were to the woman I am going to marry. We've discussed this mat ter long enough. I'm lull up of argument, It's my concern, and I'll brook no more meddling.' Foley took up bis hat and stick ; whistled for his kangaroo dog * Boss,' and went for a long working off steam tramp over the flat. His mother began to pack up all her belongings with feverish haste Five days leter the wedding took place quietly Ott the itu« (Ur* Foley s UQkbtt mat away ia ooécbípaBwa the IH^Ie PrwbyUrUn?Cl»arch jolt ai the redding party came ont, Foley raised his hat to h is mother, who sst on the box seat ; but there was no response from tba grim gray-headed old lady who stared stolidly in front of har. There waa,op honeymoon trip, as there had baan no timer tor Foley to apply to the,head Uftes for leave of absence. . ' We'll try to make our lives a Jong honeymoon, little woman,' said Foley to his bride as they drove home. Very few of the toffs of the township called on Mrs, G.O. Foley; but the extremely limited few who did call-Some because of overdraft, soma bs oause of curiosity, and aome because of good sense and kindly feeling--were surprised and delighted to find the ex barmaid a refined, ieeomplished w omen, with plenty tact and taste - and (what is so rare ia oountry towns) exquisite manners ; and they spread the news; hot the remainder held resolutely aloof. Bo Foley out many of his old time acquaintances dead, when he met them in pnblio places. This was against the wish of his wife, who said one afternoon, when he had deliber« ately snubbed the wife of the Polioe Magistrate and other less sooially-ihjghty females : . There's nothing in it, Gos. I have you and you have me, and a few really nioe people have called on me, so that I know quite as many as I shall ever want to know.' . Jay child-if you're not good enough for two ex shanty cooks, two bush dressmakers, atc.-I'll keep on making war.' And so gallingly unpleasant did Foley make things for oertain folk, that some of them devoutly wished they hadn't been so frigidly exclusive. Always inclined to bs aarcaitio, Foley's tongue now beoame vitriolio; but he waa such «capable, reliable manager that his business did not suffer. Many of the females, whom he cut dead in publie places, bided their time with an evil patience. They knew there must ba something crooked about Foley's marriage; and they waited month after month expectantly for proof. If they had dared they would have said openly what they maliciously whispered to each other, namely, that Foley's marriage was more an aot of tardy reparation than anything else. However, Foley and his wife lived very, very happily together for eighteen months. Then Mrs Foley died a few weeks after the birth of her baby, at whom the father scarcely deigned to look. Foley took his loss with a terrible calmness. His mother arrived shortly after his wife's death. She had travelled night and day ; but her son had no word of greeting for her. When sight earn«, the and Mrs Foley went to tell her son o! his additional bereavement. $bs|oun4|hhn, seated by the sida of his dead wife-he bad leen there for boars without a bite or a sup. He had not Shed'a tear ; but in his faoe was that awful stoniness that frightens those who know. ' Gus Gus 1* whispered the mother, * thé ta baby's dead,'-with a pathetio break in her voice. In passionless tones Foley replied, ' Well, yon need not worry about that. It was only a barmaid's brat. Who the devil cares? I didn't want it to live to be always reminding me that it had cost its monier her life., You wouldn't have recognised it when it grew np. Nobody wanted it, but the devil -and he's got it.' 'Ohl tor-God Almighty's sake, don't talk in that horrible way, my son,' said the mother, who hagen to ery bitterly. ' Horrible way-it's what some preaobars say about unbaptised kids - poor, little, innocent, irresponsible being«.' The mother went out to pray ; and Foley sat silent and motionless for many minutes. Then he rose and leaning over ids wife's body he tenderly kissed the wee white face ot the baby. ?.[ : * Deary dear Dori«, he whispered in the dead wo* man's ear ; * it wat cruel to speak that way of your baby, but sorrow always did make ms hara. I kissed our biby to-night, Doris. It used to hurt you so muob, Dearie, When I wouldn't kiss nhs baby; but I was sore grieved to sea you lying so ill, so trail and so white-yon who had been so bright, so lively, so. full of energy : and I think I almost hated your little öne for it's terrible ohange in you. But I bave kissed her to-night-many times, Dorrie, many times. And now I shatl&iis; yon before I go into the bank to fix op money matters.' It wanted but half an hour to , dawn, when Foley came out of the bank after hours of incessant work. AU the hardness had died out of his face. He found his mother putting the finishing touches to his dead. He stooped down and kissel her on.the mouth-tenderly, a thing be bad not done tor years. . My son, my boy, God bless you,* exclaimed the mother. : ' . Go out now mother, and leave me with my dead dear ones.' My son, yon have taken neither food, nor drink, Dor rest these many boura, You'll lose your reason if you db not rest.' ? Ah I mother, there are greater losses than loss of reason. I want to say some prayers. Goodbye, mother.' Mrs Foley kissed ber eon and walked out of the room silently. ' Dear Hui* wife, and dear little baby daughter, I am going with you. Doris, you always were a beggar to pray. . Ask the Great Father not to Eeparaia us »gain, ii would be hell not to find you when I have 1stt this world- but you'll look out for big mc, won't you Doris?' Foley lay down beside his dead, put a tioy phial to his mouth, and drained it. He gave quick gasp or two, and then all was over; and, a pioneer con* bcBm darting into thc room met and mn de friand*. Hill» tb« hwiiiitii «mit« tm tb,«, mà mu'k ta^ 