— '—4 ? Wboean j^iaantei b'a' tbo Critic'! n» 7 Or uott umnovud bis mention io thy Omic'ii pace I'.irade Ms-errors iu i'i6 1™°,!* ess i Pass llio mustard. The estate o£ Colman) tiio mustard man, lias been ?proved at £2,000,000. Mustard seed is proverbially fruitful. Griffiths, 'labor M.I'., goios to the ILu'ieuy to help to oust Barton, was as hotriingly. absurd as n white aut tackling a railway engine. — Exchange. The tratlic of Darling Harbor, with its swirms of. ferry steamers, tu;s. coasters and deoii sea . ships, calls urgently for some very strict supervision. The fast and furious s.s. Eagle, of tho rarriimattu ltivir fleet, will want anew bottom, froia, frames, different kind of enjines aud altered aud improved top sides now, surely! Only tbo misplacement of a letter, ani yet tho effect is very funny. It is from liranny's 'agony columns,' and roads : — 'For Privates Ale, a Cab in good con diliou.' JS'ot too bad. AYben Greenhide Mocgher was askel to vote, And gave b.14 vole 10 Rtid, 'Tin obviaui ho turaod his coat; A.t?o, the coat was Tweed! — Orange 'Leaier,' List month the gold roturn showed that 41,777 ounces were produced in the colony. During tlio saino montk nearly a million sovereigns were carted away to Jiuillnnd Mii America. Which leaves us a debit balance of about £83'l,O00 to account for. Free raid ior ever ! O, llister MeSasrrr, Our peace you do harry With. ' statements,' and ' Bartons ' aad bills, O. irhr do vou tarry With Proudfoo: to marry — AlcProudfoor, for Shanyty's sake, end our ills! The arguments put forth by Griffith and Clark, il's.l5,, in support of Die Snio of Property Bill by municipalities woro a disgraco to a third-class schoolboy, and after-all tho silly twaddle, the Bill was busted out because its objects were already secured by a nroriou* UilL Tho Elections and Qualifications Coin mittee is creating a deuce of a stir, by calmly collapsing day after day for want of a quorum. In view of the highly im portant nature of the duty, the House should mark its disapprobation oE this dereliction by appoiutmg a fresh Com mittee. It is reported that Captain Dreyfus lias been removed from the lie du Diablo to Cayenne. Diable ? Porbleu I bat zat island's too cool, }'or -Monsieur Drejiui anil ,-uch wicked men. Quota F.ojgie, 'veil pepper 22m all piping By packing zem off into Chili Cayenne 1 The trial square of patent asphaltum block covering which was put down in Jlaequario place is wearing splendidly. It is tt ywfeclly safe covering, on which, horses do not slip, bocause it has no glassy surface, no matter iu what weather. Tho whole streets should bo covered with it as promptly as possible. In Queensland, tho latest suicide Jad is to s Tallow a pound or two of dynamite, and then to fall gracefully over a. preci pice, liosult-: a gentle rain of meat upon the surrounding landscape. If a iitlBBt death should ba your aim, Ho calm and do not worry. Eat half a pound d£ dynamite, And dynnmily hurry. The death of journalist Cooto in Townsrilwt bo soon after Premier Byrnes' decease, is a strange coincidence. Cootc was a brainy man, and had a fine and vigorous stylo of handling his sub jects. He mado a special study of tho big Separation question, and Byrnes always received his utterances with marked respect, Yet another loss to Lepcrland. ' ii-ougemont the romantic is either a double dyed liar, or a loonoy blather skite out for an airing. His accounts of alleged adventures in this continent read more like dear old Baron llun cUausen, than anything since that worthy old Liar's decease, and tlie Critic is open to wager a bit to nothing that a volume of tha Baron's beauties will bo found stowed iway in Eougemont's hack tail pocket. Q,uceusland Assembly has put up another record in the 'scene' line, biz members were bundled out of the Cham ber, and suspended for periods ranjin^ from one to sovon days. (Fanoy a labor member bein^ condemned ta solitary silence for a week 1 ) Oue of the recal citrants uttemptod to tweak the Speaker's nose, and two others had a willing 'ssrap' with tlioejecluigofticUis. Shade «f- Byrnes ! Somo Batirical wag has secured pub lication (in 'Sfolbourno Punch ') of what be proposes as a temporary varia tion of the ' National Anthi'ai, ' to be sung at banquets until 11K.H. tho' Frinco of Wales is able to take his seat: at these festivo boards again :— tiod tave the Princii'« knoe, Soon may be stronger on God savo hi* kn.ee. PauitiM it erery way, Wire of it tvery da;-, While fervenily we prsr, God cave bis knee. Once when X injured mine, Ko one o'er wrote a lino, God save bU knoe, (June luci for bis miuhap, God nave tho prinuelv cap, Nevriuc all countries' yap, tied iiw hie knto. .. Says th^eVrcartlo 'Sfpruirig IJcrald,' (anicm; bluer hunks of' wisdom') ; — Hu96i£ hae the most rapidly increasing population of any country iu Jlie woild. of them: but if a dog lie brought auy hm boon a fraction loss Ibau 1,000,000 an nually. Um! ',' coarse. Tbe poiui, is unargu able. Likewise tlie trigonometrical orisiu of the pis ncvertiieless tho lady, and it came to pass. Also JSTesvi-astie stagger juioe is a corker. R'he City Architect's estimate for the material for awning round the big markets wus c-jpper, £.')5.St- ; muntz rn6tai, £4T3.ri ; iron. £31)70. No tender for any class of the material ww lower tbau newly £2000 above the oliicial estimate, and the sue ceeuful tenderers are receiving £03'-8 for tbe ini'ntz njetal selection, winch shows that the City Architect must he a bops authority upon a lot of things ex cept bis own business. 1 Beneath the rule of men entirely great The pen is mightier than the sword.' But then Beneath the rue of men whose size is great, Tho whip is mightier than tlia pen! Good tip! Bat in the hands of men whose aim is straight, Tha pistol's mightier than the whip I — 'Orange Leader.' Tho iruiJance of Toby Barton ou^ht -o solidify the ranks of tbe Opposition, and invest that party with great powers. It is certain tliat tlio disorganisation in the ranks that has been so marked for tho past two Parliaments, lias largely contributed to tho pon-crlcisncss of the Opposition, and consequently to tho strength, of Wriggler iteid. Kow, a cliau^o ouj^ht to come over Ilie spirit o£ tho dream. Wriggler plainly dreads it, too. l'adtlingtoa Couacil, having hurried through, u mo lion to ruin the appearance of Oxford-street by hauling down tlie stone coping and iron raiting along tlie Barrack wall, got so much out of breath in clio excitement, ''Hint it is now sitting buck, pulling heavily, to wait until tkore are a few—bob in tiie till to start the work with. As this is conu'dently ex pected about x.n. 51M, intending ap plicants for work ou -the job bad better hurry up. Politically deceased and putrid Holy Jake Garrard may be regularly seen inoouinn around the Siierbrooke elec torate, like a ghost tbat has lost its vyay and hasn't sense enough to ask a police, iran tbe way to its tomb. At the recent Public School Sports tins political car rion cavorted around, aud poked his walloped bulk under tbe uosc of the dif ferent bis hugs present, as lorn and looney as when he used to jakker for six bob a day. The British Minister in Pekin has reported 'that a dangerous feeling is about'. ' Tisaaid Bsoizobub prowls round From shiniag hput to hour, And L'ke u roaring lion eeokl Poor morals ta devour. And now iba dreadful tidings come, Our e&tMj; peaeo.lo clout, In X'okin there pekina 10 be A ' feeling ' oa a gory epr'oe Cavoruug roundabout. No less than five porsons overcome by that 'tired feeling,' have blown them selves skywards during iho past ten days. Tour pistolled themselves to their para disiacal pilgrimage, aud one chewed tlie muzzle of a voiuuteor rifla trlule the bullet hurriedly loft the breech. The fata! craze seems to go in cyoles, pneu matic tyred ones of course. Head sever ing, throat sawing, dynamite devouring, each, hid a whack, but the good old ounce of lead has tt big pull on popu- . larity. The turbaned Mussu'mon have male such prodigious preparations for a. got geous blow out to Bill tho sore-eared, that the Turkisk treasury has gone bung. What the odalisque-crowded harem is living on, pro tern, is not stated by the cablecriuniner ; but side by side with the announcement of the wilful extravagance is another message statiug that thousands of unfortunate wretcfies are starving iu ilie Bitrbiidoes. Two of tlie commonest pkases'of human existence, only on a large scale, DE. BEID, L.X.D., T.C , Q.C.,. M.£.i. }-Ir Jti'id is gradually adding to ths handles to his name, and his dear friend 'Jack' Want has now bestowed 'silk' on his great political chief. The secret of it is Ibis : — Barton is a Q.C., there fore licid must be one, also, aud fie goes two belter, than 'Toby' by being an L.L.D. aad P.C. also. Alphabetical George is oat Premier'* new ru'oe, His cognomens virj, bat he's always the Bame, With titl«- gators does oar Democrat pus — Say, will hiitorio posterity o'er write him an A&S.; ?? I should jabt like tofcnow how, with all Mi grea: incke, Mr Held, «iu ui* aulxet, is no* in a uxl At iho reading of titles I'm not much of a don, - ' But I f«soy I can see through hare and there otse. M.L.A. vo all know, it'- a powerful handl* To lover to office or hueh up a ecand»l. UL D. is a iiuztlar, but thU you'll admit- ' Tbat ' long legged donkey ' douBn't George's enp fit! F.C. i« an honor for the great and aatut*, So no wonder u'n tcl»ii to mesa 'pretty 'cute ;' While at to Q.C., for which all l»iryg» thint, ? At tbe qusereit-of ? queer cussei ' George it e&eiljr; Snit — 'Wa^ga Espresi,' Ee'idicuious ' thing to have a teetotaller } as MiniBterforPublicanstrnctioD.— Orange J 'Leader.' ' ; 'Among the passengers on the -farra. '. matta ferry boat which collided with tbe ,: CoUclhe other night, was Fairland, eesre- ') Wfy o£ Sydney School o£ Arta. Theabock i oi tbe collision knecked him down, but : fortunately tbe poor man fell on iiig bead and naturally wasn't hurt in the Blighted. Had he lit on his ieet bow, lie might have .'; felt ft. By tha way, wnat kept this Sunday School expert out eo late — mid- night is barely a respectable hour for : right-thinking people to be wandering about Sydney. ;' Crick, M.P.'s, clever point regarding ;: tlie presence of Minister for Works - « Young during the censure debate wa» ; ruled out by the Speaker. But the dis- '?'-_ cussion had the excellent result of hold- \: ing the Minister up to a fierca fore and aft raking from the various speakers, all . of whom dwelt at. length upon the pro- : priety of the coarse as distinct from its technical significance. Premier Keid got very snvike-ixeaded during the rum pus. Crick's a frightful thorn in the . bulky one's side, ? Tho proposed resumption of that historio spot at Botany Bay, called Kurnel, upon : which Captain Cook firnt landed, has more poiniB about it than £t first blush appear. . A public institution ceuld there' be erected in tbe form of a gallowe. Tbis could be so constructed as to hold all tbe . scented ? records pr tbe first families, and other cheerful records of th-i dear dead days of : long ago. Also the walls could be hung „? with pictures of Darling, ^yindeye^ and ^ Meagher, not necossarily for edification, but &b; a guarantee of ins place's reputa tion. . -. A specimen slab of Heraldese from ,' Wednesday's issue : — ?;, Dexiuquin, Tuesday. — Kew» was brought 'i to town yesterday of the lonely 'aeath of a selector on Tuppal station named Thomas .' Fatloo. aged between 60 and 70, The body I was. found in a rccjmbant position en *n old ' itretcher in »n alvanoed state of morti∾ .: tian by his eldest eon, who had been away BUearing. ?? The sub must surely have been isway '?? alsb — possibly engaged on irrigation .*;' works — and his chief was probably ,in .'? an advanced stato of mortification 'by the lime he'd 'had his attention drawn to that telegram 7311 times in live hours. The young man wiio inserted this ; advertisement in a provincial paper, is evidently very much annoyed : — \- If the roieombla contemptuous animal ' what stola a bridle from my pltce last week, ' will come back at the name time eome other time, I will endeavor to give him something . else to take away with him, but it will U on hie black hidebound carcass, That bridle didn't belong to me, ao I want to recover it '.:, and I'm going to too, without the assistance ' of tha Lord or any other policeman. With, that end in view, I have procun d a greenhids '?? whip, sad its knotted lush might cut 'when % least expected. The thief ie supposed to have - wended his way Burrawongwardi, aad ht .?: may shortly expect a visit from K— — — -] Almost every day in Sydney soems to ?% bring a sensational episode with it As ? in tlie days of Deeming, one feels tempted :-: to exclaim on opening the paper, 'Give S us this day our daily horror,' The ' 1 greatest sensation of last week was the H shooting act between two publio men. j Norton is a man who speaks seven Ian- ?| guages — [This is news, indeed.— Ed. «| Tauia.J — in some of them very forcibly, -.^ and it is now proved that he can act :'; forcibly also. Mrs. Norton may proudly sj classify herself with Gladstone, inas- ;:j much as she was witnessing a play in :;v happy unconsciousness of an already- ^ enacted tragedy outside. Norton had -'5 just left Iiis wife at Her .Majesty's ''?* when Heaghcr attacked him with the j horsewhip, and while Airs. Norton iras ,v| laughing at the antics of 'La Poupee,' ' 1 hubby was within an ace of committing ' J murder. — ' Melbourne Punch.' .vj| . THE SWEATEES' BOSS. 3 ?London, Tuesday Night. — The pro- 3 priotorsof the Lancashire colleries are : '1 discharging the infirm and elderly miners M in their employ, with a view to minimis- :i;M ing the liabilities for compensation.'-* -::,y Cable. ?? ?-:? -- ? '''' if Stind round, old men, and listen w-eli, . :^ While Capital discourse!. M For eighty years, lrithont a spell, ;S You'to toiled like faithful hor»ul. '' ??& Amid the bowela of the o.rtta, M Von've lived like nether dweller., M And, yielding thrice your wages' worth) . -c51 Have filled the rich man's cellara. ]% ? ? ? ? -*3 What, though a paltrr thousand soon ' ' ';?/; At tirneB have Butfooited. '\ ~M What though the sweat they sweated iota ? ? .'8 With blood w» permeTtei , : v| Wh»t, though the eoal minei' mnrVy gloom ' ** Has marked your haggard faces. * M; You really must m-^ke timely room '. '; .%! For youth to fill your placoj. :'JM ?Tis roally very sad. we know, ':im That age thonld sap your vigor j , :;jj Tint want and penury ah'onld show ' 'M ^uoh tiv«go on your figure, 'sg 'Tis very wrong of God indeed -M To cause won friends to sover. 'M ?T11 very wrong— it is, indeed— ;i| Ton ojnnot aireat for evorl . :M And yet you cannot well deny dm Tho rich mau's need of trsasar*. - -'iS Yod'ee only Dora to ewett and— die, :'':M While he ia born for pWsnre. '^ So.aaroa're very old aud bent, ' S We're really apprehensive 1 . j-jS That— should there bB an ocoidantr— ': ;^ You'd provoBO damned expensive. ?'.'?''Is With bnlky te»r-lrops in ont *V«s,- -S We aacic you all with sorrow. -::M What now you'll do, we oin't snrmiat. '^W Vet— heed ye not tho morrow, *'-4ii ?Tis really wront af-God, indeed,' ::. :3S . Such faithful friend, to sever; ./SI ?Tisawiul wrooff— It i» indeed— .' ??^|| 'We oau't tweat you ioi over.' jS '? -. -**V-:;p 