' 'Bob.' 'A TALE OF ADVENTURE IN WEST AUSTRALIA. \- By TIMON. CHAPTER IX.— HORSES' HOOFS. We rode steadily onwards, resolving to make the most. o£ our horses while they were fresh. Dob was overjoyed by the suc cess of her plan; I excited by the- adven- ture, the dash of peril, the charm ot nnaing myself bound by a common interest to the woman I loved best on. earth-hcr chosen guide, philosopher and friend on this event ful " journey. We had no fear for the future, as the alarm could not be given till morning broke, so thatwe had several. hours start. Bob's riding filled me with admira tion. She sat her horse as though she formed part of it, and, in spite of the rough ness of the road, her seat was as secure as if riding in Rotten Row. There was no regular track, so we just let our horses pick their way through' the dense" timber as best they could, dismounting .. every now and then to help them over the big trunks ot trees blown down by the wind which lay across our path. Never shall I forget the beauty of the' dawn. ' Splendid shafts of color, purple; and crimson, shot across the sky, and in a moment the grey , twilight was replaced by the sunny brilliancy of day. The clear air, the golden sunshine, the high pure grey of the sky, the invigorating forest scents — all spoke messages of hope and gladness to our souls. All nature seemed in an intoxicating mood, and I gave myself up to the joy of existence. It was so sweet to be there alone in the. forest with Bob. In spite of her boy's name and her boy's dress she bad become such a true wo man to me. '.'They liave discovered our flight by this time," I said, lightly. "I wonder how many crimes we are being credited with! Every pannikin that has been found missing dur ing the past month will be laid to our ac count." Bob's face clouded. "I don't like them to think badly of me," she said, wistfully. My jealousy was immediately aroused. "Did you like those fellows?" 1 asked, sus piciously. "They were a rough lot on the whole." "Yes, they were a bit rough, but some of tliem had such ' kind hearts. They were so ready to help others in trouble or in sickness— so open-handed and generous. And oh! I'm sorry not to be at the canteen to-night!" "Indeed! You surprise me! Why?" "Because there'll be — ever so much more drunkenness now that I'm gone. That's why." Is that why you did it? I thought the whole show was just "done as a blind." "No. I had meant to reserve my ta lents" — she laughed as she said this— "for Wright's edification alone. But when I saw- the poor fellows soaking themselves in drink — day after dayI resolved to create a diversion." And it succeeded, as you know. I know the boss bated me, for the. men drank ever so much less." "Well, who would have thought of. you posing as a moral reformer?" I said joking ly, A quiver of pain passed over Bob's face.- "Ah, you've only seen one side of me," she said, gravely. "And you don't realise how- circumstances' may force a woman out of her sphere, and make her something quite different from what nature meant her to be. It's not my fault that I don't lead . the sheltered existence of the ordinary woman — ifs.my misfortune!" "I did riot mean to .wound you," I put in, -hastily. But Bob never heeded me. "I should have been a coward if "I had shirked the danger," she went on with a kind of fierce ring in Tier "voice. "There were nights when I. lay. awake trembling and saying: 'The risk is too great. You run the risk of losing all. Think of your own honor — your own character.' . . . And then there came to my mind the story of an old Scotch woman, who was blamed for tell ing a lie to screen her master. "What's my silly soul in comparison with my master's honor?" she. replied. And I took this say ing for my watchword. What was my silly character in comparison with my duty to. . . ." "To one you love far, far better than yourself," I put in sadly. Bob turned her shining face towards me. 'You have said it," she replied, simply: Just then we came out on to a sand plain, lightly timbered nnd dotted with granite rocks. One of these rose perpen dicularly to a height of 200 feet. At its base lay a wide salt water lake. Further on, a belt of forest trees stretched off into the distance. I looked around me hesitatingly. I was no bushmnn, ynd although we hod come a considerable distance I was not quite clear in which direction we were ad vancing. Would it he better to push on straight across the sand plain or to make for that forest belt? I decided upon the latter course, for the sole reason that it would be impossible for us to prolong our journey across the sand plain during the heat of the day. The sun rays were ardent enough now in the early morning. What would they be at noon? Over under the shadow of those Jarrah trees we could in- ; dulge in a siesta and push on as soon as the'shadowB began to lengthen. Bob ap proved my plan. Her bump of topography "Was not more .developed than my own, so that it was a case of the blind leading the blind. We made straight for the High Rock —skirted the edge of the lake, which was about two miles in circumference— and plugged once more into the grateful shadow of a forest. Here I proposed a brief halt. Bob, notliing loth, slipped down from her saddle and stretched her weary limbs on the ground. My first eare was to minister to the necessities of the horses that had brought us so gallantly on our way. Then I turned my attention to Bob — opened the water bag, unrolled some slices of bread and meat and offered her food nnd drink. Wo were both ravenous. The previous day- had been too full of suspense for anything like a hearty- meal to be possible, so that our frames were .conscious of a sense of vacuum. As we ate our simple repast our spirits rose liigli, and Bob's peals of laughter must, have startled the crows — sole inhabit ants of that lonely spot. Pierrette and the "Pot au Lait" were nothing in comparison with the castles she built in the air. We should reach Adelaide in about a week. Two days later we ought to he in Melbourne, and then, oh! then, how we should laugh at the whole thing and wonder why we had made such mountains of mole hills — talking about risk and danger, when there was no danger at all, and everything went, off as smoothly as possible. And as Bob chattered on in Hub- lively- way, and I sat as one entranced— witching the rise and fall of color in her cheek, ana the lovely light in her eyes— a sound smote upon our ears which caused us to leap to our feet aud look one another questioningly in the face. - "Horses," Bob said, in an awed whisper. CHAPTER X— IN THE "LION'S JAWS. We could never remember how we got into our saddles. We only know that in less time than it takes me to relate the fact, we were on horseback, fleeing from our purr suers. How had they managed to come up with us so easily? The mystery was soon solved. Looking hack across the sand plain j to the forest we had lately traversed, Isawj that we had blundered. Confused by the i density of the timber, we had gone round j and round -in a circle, and instead of finding ourselves several miles beyond the l'inel ridge, we had left on theaprevious night, j there it actually was, sticking up right ir. ! front of us! We had just ridden straight; hack into the jaws of the trooper's. How 1 cursed mv ill-luck, or rather, my want of skill as a bushman. Oil ing to my- incapacity to fulfill the' task I had undertaken, Bob's plan was doomed to failure. She was pale as death, though she sat her horse resolute ly, urging it on to greater speed. But tiie pace was beginning to tell on 'our weary- steeds. The others were gaining ground every moment. A bullet which came whiz zing perilously near Bob's.head-decided me to surrender. I lnidiffy 'hand ..upon Tier; bridle. / -j "The game's up,/ I said. "Forgive rile — if yon' can." j I .-.r | I have nothing toi forgive)" i 'she 'said, with a look of kindness that went to .my. heart "We are both- knowing. in the soriie boat." ' i ; i.'-'i I bent down and kissed-thc-liitle'Tirown nervous hand clutching the bridle rein. I could make no other answer. M.v poor heart was too full for words. To think that 1 1 should have brought lier to this pass by liny own egregious folly, and that she should find no word of blame, proved the rare magnanimity of her nature. J The troopers redo up, their faces stream- > ing with perspiration, their horses flecked : with foam, and ordered us to hail up. I 'think they expected some show of resist ance, hut I knew that any attempt to set our strength against theirs must end in , failure. What could we do against four heavily armed men ? I I I dared not look at Bob as they hand-j culled us, and tied us to trees, facing oppo site directions, so that we could not com-! munieate by sign or speech. Then they hob bled the horses, and flung themselves down to sleep during the heat of the day. Never shall I forget the misery of that. hour. I could neither lie nor sit down, and my ima gination pictured" Bob half swooning with laliguc, and forced to keep upright by the cruel ligature eating into her flesh. 1 called' out to the fellow sleeping at my feet, lind implored hirii to loosen" the cord, but he was sleeping the sleep of. the just— or of the victorious — nnd paid no heed to iny complaint. To add to my misery, the mosquitqs, taking advan tage 'of the shade, came swarming around me, biting and stinging in a truly riiaddon- ing fashion. My hands' being manacled, I could not brush them away, so that I ran a chance of being eaten alive by these noisou- ous little beasts. My whole frame became a quiver of sickening, shuddering pain, for, owing to some local cause, the bites were charged with venom, and I felt the poison creep from head to foot. And if I suffered in this way, how did it fare with Boh? I groaned in spirit, as I thought-oS- tii1s""deli- eate woman being exposed to the hardships that made me, a strong mun, quail. I would have given worlds for one glimpse at her beloved face.. I tried to arouse her atten tion by uttering short coughs, aud 1 waited anxiously-for an answer to my signals; but none came. Was she too ill, or were we placed at too great a distance for the sounds to penetrate to lier? These were the ques tions I asked myself as 1 watched the sun beams beginning to slant across the bran ches, knowing that our gaolers would soon be on the move. The fellow at my feet rolled over, grunted, stretched himself, con sulted his watch, got up, and proceeded to awaken his comrades. The horses were brought up and saddled, and then attention was paid to the prisoners. The sense of ease produced by untying the cord that hound me to the tree was so delicious that ; I hardly regretted my previous suffering. I The first use 1 made of my liberty was to look around for Bob. A trooper was lead ing her forward, his rude hand clutching ; her arm. Her face was very pale, and lier eyelids red and swoollen with mosquito : ' bites. But she looked composed, ami her dear lips parted in a sweet smile as our; eyes met. That glance gave me strength. I It was like a draught of wine. I took cou- i rage from that moment. It seemed to me that with such an indomitable spirit by i my side wc were bound to win. But I was not permitted to go on drinking inspiration ' from her face. I was set on horseback — a trooper tin each side of me — and Bob simi larly guarded, well behind. I waB forced to! derive what' consolation I could from the sound of her horse's hoofs, and she, from I the contemplation of my back! Twas i sorry coriifort! . , , , I was glad to find myself on i Anything was better than being tied to 1 that horrible tree, .and the mosquitoes were less active now that 1 was passing rapidly through the air. "Where are you taking us?' I asked. "Never ' vou mind," responded the trooper surlily. - . "You are bound to answer my question, I returned, with as much dignity as I could muster. "I am not proved guilty yet. Thia was pretty good ou the pnrt of a criminal caught redhanded. But the effect of cheek is often surprising. The trooper considered a few moments before replying, "To Laroo." This was good news. I breathed freely. Had it been to the flat we shoud have run a near chance of tasting a sample of Lynch law. The sun was sinking when we emerged from the forest, and found ourselves out on a vast sandy tableland. _ As we rode _ on great areas of depression, in which are situ ated immense salt clay pans, were revealed. Those were surrounded by low broken ranges of granite and crystal rock. Here, for the first , time, we struck a good natural road, over, which we rattled at fine speed, till we reached the outskirts of another forest. - The outposts of civilisation were here— a timber station and a "diggers' rest." " The troopers dismounted, ordered us to do the same, and our horses were led away. We were taken into the shanty, where a knot of typical hushinen were drinking and smoking. Supper was set be fore us, our handcuffs were, taken off, and, a trooper standing over us with a loaded re volver, we ate our evening meal. I hen, se curely manacled, .we were, led into an inner room and ordered to lie down on the floor. One of the men remained, with us — the others returned to finish their supper. Bob cast at me a look of utter despair. Escape seemed impossible. CHAPTER XI.— A GROG SHANTY. Any communication was rendered impos sible by the fact that a trooper was mount ing guard over us. At first i was not sorry, for, indeed, 1 had notliing inspiriting to say. Escape seemed out of the question. a/here we were, trapped like rats in a cage. What i the end of it all would he I dared not stop I to think. There was not a chink of light i visible through the darkness— no ray of hope to illuminate the future. Overwhelmed ; l>y the tragic nature of our position, I felt in. no mood for conversation. Lut, gradu ally, the longing to know how Boh was feel ing overpowered all other considerations. I resolved to run the risk of incurring tiie trooper's displeasure and speak to lier at all hazards. "Boh, are you asleep? I asked. "No talking," said the trooper, gruffly. "No; I don t think I shall sleep at all, she answered, promptly. "I said no talking," the man put in sav agely. Then to my horror he gave Bob a kick. After this experience I did not at tempt any more conversation. But some how her utterance' had revived my fainting .courage. It sounded so resolute nnd brave. I I took it to mean that she would be on the r alert — ready to avail herself of the first I chance of escape.-' lint, ah me, time wore 1 on, and not a ghost of a chance presented I itself. ' 1 could hear by the sounds proceed- i ing from the drinking bar that the three : troopers were joining m the convivial merri- ; ment of the place. It' only our gaoler would I go out and join them. But no, there he sat | — alert, coiiseieulious, wide awake and pain fully sober. It was intensely aggravating to realise that Bob might be evolving some splendid plan which the trooper's presence prevented her imparting to me. As is frequently the case, the sounds of drunken merriment were soon followed by sounds of anger. I could make out that the men were quarrelling over cards, and that some of the troopers were mixed up in the affair. Blows'were interchanged, oaths flew from lip to lip, chairs and tables were upset," glasses were smashed, and the quarrel ended in a free fight all round. Our gaoler fidgctted about, opened the door, looked out, then came hack and sat down again. I heard Bob give a little impa tient sigh. We waited in silence, the noise in the bar waxing faster and more furious everv moment, till at last a heavy fall, followed by a woman's scream, decided our trooper to intervene. He went off abruptly, locking the door behind him. "Now, -everything depends on -whether lie has left the key in the lock," said Bob, in a stage whisper. I crawled to the door nnd looked through the keyhole. ' , , "Yes, it's there. But I don t see how it can do us any good." "We must get someone to open the door for us, "Bob said, calmly. "That's easier said than done, I replied. "Think a moment. Someone bus been hurt —stabbed probably— and you are a doc- tor." "Well, if the trooper did let me go to his relief, he'd mount guard over me all the time— and he'd turn the key on you. So there would be notliing gained." "I'm not thinking of tne trooper at all. I heard a woman cry out when the man fell— probably his wife. We must get her to open the door." "She may not know her way about. I think she must he the wife of the slianly keeper. If so, we couldn't have a better ally." . "I believe you are right, Bob, I said, ad miringly. "There wore no women in the bar when we passed through. If we can mnke her hear us, she limy be induced to open the door. But it is a desperate game." "Desperate conditions demand desperate measures," she returned. I fancied there was a slight touch of scorn in her voice, "I am not afraid of danger for myself," I said, a little hotly. "I am thinking of you " "Pray, don't, it will only lmmper your action," she said, earnestly. "Think of suc ceeding—and nothing else," Oh! What a bravo heart was here. X could have knelt to kiss the hem of her gar ment, which at this moment happened to be a pair of tweed trousers. But there was no time for sentiment. "Hark! What is that?" she asked, sud denly. ' I listened. They are carrying the wound ed man to another room. 1 can hear the wcmaii crying still . . . ' I listened again. "Our gaoler seems taking the whole affair in hand. . I fancy, the others arc too fuddled to be of much use. Wc shan't he the only prisoners conveyed to the township to-mor row." , % . . - "I'don't believe we ahull he conveyed there at nil," responded Bob, cheerily. What a spirit she had, to be sure. For her, the faintest ray of hope served as an illumina tion. I confess tuat I was less sanguine. 'The door of our room opened straight upon the bar. How were we to get out with out detection? One thing, however, Seemed certain — that our gaoler was not coming back. We had got rid of him, at any I could make out from scraps of talk that came through the thin partition — for our prison house was all of wood — that the men who taken part in the drunken fray were securely manacled, and that the troopers were mounting guard over them. If only they would fall asleep — and if someone would open the door — all might yet be well. But these were two very doubt ful "ifs." As the night advanced I heard portentous snores proceed from, the other room. Some of them were, sound asleep, evidently, but who could tell me if one at least' ii' ere not wide awake and on the. look out for an attempt to escape. In the inner chamber all was still as death. Perhaps the man was really dead. . If so, a doctor would not he required, and our one hope ot de liverance was scattered to the winds. I was beginning to despair, when I heard a step pass out of the hack door' and move along the verandah. We heard water trickle, and then the step passed hack again, and wo heard a long sobbing sigh. Bob had clam bered up to the window — a small aperture about a foot square — in a moment. "Hist!" she said, softly. We heard a short exclamation of surprise. "Would you like to see a doctor — is the man seriously hurt?" "He's dying, I think," came the answer, broken with sobs. "There ain't no doctor for miles around. I'd give my life to see one, 1 would." "You can see a doctor now, if you like," Bol) said, impressively. "How?" asked the voice, eagerly. "Promise to do just as I tell you, and he will come," Bob replied. "I promise," the voice said. CHAPTER XII.— ONLY SALL. "In the first place," began Bob, "bring a sharp file and one of your shawls and a skirt of some kind, and pass them through the window. Next, go into the bar and move about a little, jingling the glasses and tilings. Seize an opportunity in passing this door to unlock it. Then, when you are sure they are all asleep, or, at all events,, that their heads are turned nway, give this signal (Bob gave a low cough), and the doe- tor will come out of the door. You must disappear, and he will step into your place. Now mind, if you fail in one particular, our plan will he spoiled and the man will die. One thing more, is there a light out there?" "Yes." "Place it so that the light does not fall in this direction. Remember the file. Now, go." The step moved on. Bob turned to me — "Are you willing to take the risk?" "Don't you know that I am willing to die for you?" I replied huskily. The light was very dim, or I could have- sworn 1 saw a tear drop tremble on her lashes. Tho step returned. A bundle was squeezed through the window. It contained mv dis guise, accompanied by a file. I wanted to begin- upon Boh, but she would not hear of it. Seizing the implement, she made short work of my handcuffs. I performed the same office by her. It was lovely to feel free! "Take off your coat and waistcoat and put the skirt over your head. . -There, t've fastened it round your waist with a pin. Now wrap the shawl across your hair, and let it fall as much as possible over your face. There; that's very good. You might pass for an old woman any day." It was not precisely a compliment, but on the present occasion I. felt decidedly flattered. Bob's next care was to arrange niy coat, waistcoat and blanket artfully on the floor, so that should tho trooper look in he would be satisfied his' two prisoners were safe. "You must lock me in," Boh whis pered. "Why? It will increase the difficulty." "But just think what would happen if the trooper tried the door during your absence. He would give the alarm at once. My reason told irie her argument was just, aiid I consented to turn the key upon her. But I did so with a heavy heart. How was I to unlock it again? "Never mind that," said- Bob, impres sively. "One tiling at a time. The -ques tion now before us -is how to get you out. My little affair will come on later.". Meanwhile, the woman, in obedience to Bob's instructions, was passing in and' out of the bar, clinking glasses and creating a little stir. Her movements aroused' some of the sleepers, who turned round with a muttered curse on tlieir lips. Then, seeing that it was "only Sail," they sank back to sleep again. We heard the key turn cautiously in the lock, but it was long before the signal was given. At last, a low, dry cough smote on ray ear. I opened the door sharply and crept out. If the hinges Iiad creaked it would have been all up. with us. But they didn't. Turning my back to the crowd so that if one wakeful head had been raised only my shawled shoulders would liavo been visible behind the rude counter, I turned the key in the lock. Then I walked slowly towards the bed chamber, pausing every now and then to touch a glass or bottle— doing everything, iu fact, to preserve an air of calm indifference; hut all the time my heart was thumping to suffoca tion. Sal's anxiety fully equalled my own. She stood back in the shadow of the room, beckoning me on with nervous, agitated fingers. My eIow movements did not satisfy her, but 1 was' determined to run no un necessary risk. Once within the doorway, she clutched my hand and fairly dragged me to the bed- Bidc; "Can you save him ?" she gasped out. "I will do my best," I replied; and then I set to work to discover the nature of the injury the man had sustained. I soon found that all the patient wanted was a little skill. A small artery had been severed, and ho was slowly bleeding to death. But it would be an easv matter to set that right, Never shall I forget the look of rapture on the woman's face when I told her this. It vexed me to have to bar gain with her at such a moment, hut experi ence had shown me that gratitude to H>e doctor. soon disappears when once the cure is effected. "Take your fee while the man ib sick." said wise Horace, and human na ture docs not appear to have changed since his day. "If I cure him will you do what I ask?" II said, looking her full in the face. "Anything. "Then, leave him hero with 'me, and go and get out our horses. Lead them to a safe distance and tie them up. Then take these things" (tearing off the petticoat and shawl) "and give tliem through the window f0 th„ boy. Go back to the bar, and when T m,i® a sign let him out and help him here to m ® Uireugh. W 18 W CD0Ush for Ret "You won't ... go t;n kssYy'8 Bafe?" th woniim a3'ked, breath Sb,\'yOUlra,t' It is not a She disappeared, and I was left with mv patient. I need not weary and disgust my renders with medical details. Let it them to know that the operation was sue ccsafuiTy performed, and that when Kail i,„ means of an agonised little clinking' n? g asses, made me aware of her return, f wa» able to telegraph to her the word, "Safe " I had opened the window softly, and'wm just going to make the promised sign when to my horror, I saw our goaler stirring „ rose, stretched himself, and made straight for Bob's room, unlocked the door and look ed in. Bob at this moment executed a n ir ticularly unmusical snore. This, and the natural appearance presented by mv coat waistcoat and blanket, appeared to 'satisfy him completely, and, returning to tiie bar room, lie settled himself once more to sleep. Sail kept on signalling to me that all was safe, but my nerves were so shaken by the incident recorded above that courage failed- me to give the preconcerted si.,,, At Inst I mustered the necessary resolution and Sail unlocked the door. She was by my ' side in an instant, nnd we waited one long terrible moment— an eternity of suspense— till Bob slid out, and, adopting my own tactics, made lier. way slowly across the room. Her presence of mind was so great that she remembered my coat, waistcoat and blanket, as well as pur shoes, which she Carried across her arm. Her movements were absolutely noiseless. Not a head was stirred during her passage. I felt my heart swell with gratitude aha joy. "Safe!" she whispered exultingly as she stepped across the threshold. Then, for getting her masculine role, she (lung her arms around Sail's neck and kissed her. A moment Inter we had crept through the window and were fleeing to the spot whero our liora es were tethered. (To be Continued.) 