Evidently the" public conscience in Knglnwl will not lot the subject of Old Ago Pensions rest. It bobs up likb Btin- quo's gbost nt Mncbctli's feast, and dis turbs well-fed fealive Englishmen in their hfim'5 nf on.an Tt 1C nn Itirlir onnnfrn seemingly refuses lo bo laid until the troubles which compel it to revisit the glimpses of the moon shall hn-vc ceased to trouble the life of the land. An articlo in a recent number . of the journal of tlic'British Economic Associa tion is one of the symptoms of this rest less and perturbed spirit. It is now six yenrs since Lord Abcrdarc's Commission began its work. That had been preceded by nn immense amount of agitation and discussion. But as soon as the country had got a/ lloyal Commission fairly to work there was a sense of smirk satisfac tion Hint tlio nation liad done its duty. Bismarck had given Germans an old ago pension long before. But ho had done it on a system of compulsory, contribu tion, which is so alien to English notions of freedom that the Anglo- Saxon mind looked askanco on it. Still, there stood tho question — Are decent citizens in a Wealthy country, at the apex of civilisa tion, to live lives which they know must inevitably gravitate into nn unlionored pniiperdom? And when the "still small "voice" grew shrill in its answer, "No," then thcro cnnie the quostion— "How, "then, are wo to meet tho ease of honest "persons of the poorer classes who, with- "out clear fault of their own, have no means "of support in old age?" That was what Lord Aberdare and his Commission were asked to toll their countrymen. And, just as it was with tho late respected Mr. Wil- kins Micawber, when lie had signed a pro missory note to discharge a debt, a tem porary feeling of blissful belief crept over Great Britain that "That job is settled." The lloyal Commissioners came back to tho countsy and told the people and Parliament that the task was too hig for theni, which meant that they had not tho courage to fuce all the sacrifices it involved. They admitted that 30 people in every 100 in Great Britain over the ago of 05 existed in a condition which they qualified as "unsatisfactory and dcplor- "iible." They had examined . many schemes, they snid, and added — "We re- "gret that, in view of the .financial and "economic difficulties involved, we have "been unable to recommend the adoption "of any.of Lliem." That was what Desde- mona, in tho play, would have felt herself called upon to denounce as "a laino and "impotent conclusion." Mr. Joseph Cham berlain and Mr. Charles Booth declared, in. a report signed by a strong minority, that the old age pensions question had been "inadequately considered." This was a very disquieting state of tilings. It throw the whole burden of re sponsibility back on tho nation once more, and with tho- added .sense of those half-" starved 30 per' cent, of the sexagenarians. Three years. had passed away, when the general elections of 1805 cainc around. The platforms rang pretty loudly With the wrongs of these neglected poor. The shivering apparition confronted candi dates in the midst of their -most flowing periods, and the result, wa. that Parlia ment and Government were pledged to attack the question onee more in right- down eurnest. In 1896 Parliament ap pointed a Committee to take .up the evi dence of the Royal Commission, and try and work out from it some scheme which Parliament could approve of. The Com mittee got to work, and; having passed more than a hundred schemes under , re- view, rejected them all. It then made a' scheme of its own, and a miserable rickety sclicmo it was. It proposed that if any person at the age of 05 had an income of liis own equal to 2s. Gd., or not more than 5s., per week, that income might be added to by an old ago pension. But tho most necessitous class of all, thoso who are old and quite destitute, wore .to have nothing.- The Commissioners took tivo years over their work, and reported only in June of tho present year. They have admitted their own scheme' to be nothing better than an abortion; but tlie.y hold that their instructions bound them to mingle in their recommendations what would "promote habits of thrift and solf- "reliance." They did not venture to ndvisc the adoption of tlicir own scheme, because of its manifest inndcquncy to meet tho ease. In their report they make the fol lowing apology: — "We approached our "task with a deep sense of the importance "of the task into. -which wo wove charged ."to inquire, and of the benefit which would "be conferred upon the community if a "scheme could be elaborated, giving on- "courngcment to Hie industrial classes by "Hie exercise of thrift and self-denial lo "niako provision for old age, wliilo it ful- "flllcd llio several conditions prescribed "by the terms of our reference. It is only "very ; slowly, and with great reluctance, i"that we have been forced to the oon- ;"clusion that none of tho schemes sub- ;"mittcd to us would attain "the objects "wliieh the Government had in view, and "that we ourselves are unable, after re- "pcated attempts, to devise any proposal T'freo from grave inherent disadvan- "tnges." ; It requires no particular insight to per ceive Hie radical error that lies at the root of failure in both these cases. The in- quirers wens 10 worn, not lo evolve a means of help to the aged poor, but prin cipally to encourage "Thrift," an unreason able phrase when applied to the vast masses of peoplo, who, living all "their lives from hand to mouth, cannot lay by sav ings to provide for old nge. For example, as the writer in the "Economic Journal" puts it, "it is almost impossible for a "woman who lias been married all her "life and brought up children to save In "any way against old age and widowhood. "The same thing is true of tho majority "of those old 111611 who arc driven for, sub: "sistonco to poor law relief in old age. "One has only to talk 'with a number of "these, picked out nt hazard, to sec that "Hie history of their, lives." would have pre sented them, at tho age of 05, from being "in possession of a sum sufficient to pro- "vido themselves with a substantial cdn- "tribution towards nn old ago pension." Honco tho insincerity of mixing up this quostion of "Thrift" with the totally dif- foront question of relief to old age. " There is running through Hiis Commit tee's report a constant dread of asking tho Haves to provide for the Have-Nots. It all the time wants the poor to provide for themselves. It fears Unit if a sum of 5s. wore fixed for people over 05 years of nge there might be attempts mndo after a' time to. raise the sum or to lower, the age limit.. These, of course, are the fears of jolly fish philanthropists, who desire to get credit for good intentions and lo do nothing. They affect to lie haunted by apprehensions Hint iii some way old ago pensions might "subtly affect wage rates," and thus give the" benefit to employers rather than to workmen. The not result is that once more the question has been thrown back on the nation; and the ghosts are again haunting tho public con science like Hie.: spectres which once "did squeak and gibber in tho "streets of Rome." The Govern ment is warned that it must lake the question up, if only for party purposes. Lord Salisbury at one end of the worhl, and Sir George Turner nt tho other, arc both pledged -to, grapple with tho Old Age Pensions questioi'rin'tlic. next session. There need be scant sympathy with the letter sorters, who on Saturday entered a' strong protest against being ordered to do a littlo work yesterday. Against any attempt to introduce Hie system of Sunday labor as -a 'regular thing, and 011 a large scale, tho public generally would raise nn outcry quite ns vehement as that of the persons more directly concerned; but the notion to which tho sorters objected trenches so little upon Hie sanctity of llio day of rest that tlie conscicnco of Hie most rigid and unbending of Sabbatarians would hardly be shocked by it; while, seeing that the cause which makes this extra labor necessary is one that cannot, in the doctrine of chances, be expected to arise again for many years, there is no reason to give any weight to tlie "thin end of "Hie wedge" argument, or to dryad the establishment of a precedent. Owing, to the breakdown of the Orient liner Austral, the P. and O. mail steamer which readied Adelaide 011 Saturday brought a double cargo of mails; and these, duly forwarded by train on tho after noon of that day, arrived in Melbourne yesterday morning. Now it is plainly desirable, both for business men and the community at large, that these English letters, many of which are nearly a week overdue, should reach their destination by tho first delivery this morning; and while this would bo easy of accomplish ment under ordinary conditioifs, tlie fact of there being two complete mails to sort instead of ono mode it imperative that extra time should be assigned to the task. Accordingly the sorters, who usually go on duty at 12.30 on Monday morn ing, were in this instance directed to start work at 10.30 on Sunday evening — two hours before their customary time. Ninety minutes of Sunday, therefore, have been utilised for ordinary Post Office work, and tlie public are thereby convoni- cnccd in getting their English mails at the earliest possible moment. To. construe, so harmless an extension of work into a blow aimed nt tlie sanctity of the Sab bath, as some of the sorters attempt to dp, is to make a mountain out of a mole hill with a vengeance; and ono may shrewdly suspect that in this instance the men have merely made a stalking horse of the "con- "scientious objection." The whole of their Sunday lins been left free to them to spend in religious exercises or as they think fit; they wore merely called on to sacrifice an- hour and a half nt tho close of the day, when they could -not well have been indulging in worship, or, indeed, in any act of self- improvement. Sunday labor is rightly looked on with suspiciou, yet to abolish it altogether is quite impracticable. Wo have to look to it that there shall bo 110 unnecessary task imposed upon either public servants or private individuals. It is, however, a safe principle to assert that where tlie comfort and convenience of large numbers can bo served by tlie employment of 11. very few, the few may fairly be asked to make tlie sacrifice. It is on this plea that the Telephone Exchange is kept open throughout Sunday, while, the Telegraph Offico is shut during tho greater part of the day; that firemen and policemen are kept on duty; Hint we run. trains to St. Kikla and trains to Fern Tree Gully. A slight extension of Sunday work even seems to be: called for in "some directions. The other day n motion in favor of water ing the streets on dusty Sundays was re jected by the Pmhmn City Council, though it whs shown that only eight men would bo oinployed for a few hours on a task that would have benefited pro bably 20,000 of their fellow citizens, and undoubtedly removed a source of much quite un-Sabbaticnl profanity. Tlie oft- recurring question, too, of .opening the Public Library and the National Gallery on tlie ono day in the week 011 which tlie toiling class, which is taxed for their main tenance, has leisure to visit them, suggests another beneficent extension of Sunday work. It is clearly better that some half- dozen attendants should be enllcd on to forego a pint of their day's rest than Hint the mass of the workers should bo con demned to a day of listless idleness. But the sacrifice asked for from street waterers or library attendants is out of all propor tion heavier than that over which these letter sorters have been making so much unnecessary fuss; tho one being a regular practice wltilc tbo other is a mere emer gency. ". 