Short Story. The Fortune of Fullwood. A Comparatively True Oliost Story. Although I bear the common aud somewhat plebeian uaiue of John Smith, I cau, through my mother's family, reckon kith and kin with half | the uolile houses of Scotland, and boast ' that near a score of my ancestors have ' 'kissed the maiden,' or been hanged, | drawn, and quartered after the good old style of putting the closure on ' ex cited politicians.' Those ol my readers who are themselves of ancient linkage may, therefore, appreciate the feelings with which I found myself last spring, for the first time as I then thought, I under .my ancestral roof. I had boon summoned to Fulhvood House by Sir Francis Fleunlug of that ilk, to whom I stand In the relationship of third cousin once removed. Fulhvood House, a very romaullie aid place Situated on the left bank of the Clyde, not far from the uppermost cataract, came quite up to my. notion of what the home of such a family as ours should be. It is true that Sir Francis himself rather disappointed me, he being u little, withered person, very abseut-onlnded, aud a thorough bookworm ; but, on the other hand, his ' daughter M'argaret, his only child, was j a worthy representative of the house of Fleming— ' a daughter of the gods, divinely tall, and uiose divinely fair.' Need I say that I fell in love with her ? At all events I fancied myself In love. At night I was sitting alone in my room trying to convince myself that Since all Is fair in love and war I was entitled to do «ny l-est to cut out John Johnson, her fiancee, who was then in , Johannesburg. What was he after all that lie should Ibecome the head of the | liUUOU \\-L *' leuilllg U^ UJULT3'1I1£ IUL' heiress ? If he had a pedigree I had never heard of it ; so far as I, or any- ; body else knew, his only claim on ihe , consideration of the Flemings Was that ! Sir John Fleming, the former laird, had been his guardian. As for me, I was the next heir after Margaret herself, and had I not then the better right to iier ? My meditations were interrupted by (he entrance of old Tom Dauatiie, the butler, with a liightcap for me ; and while I was testing the quality of that article lie asked one whether I was ! afraid of ghosts. I replied that I was not, Mug indeed a hardened sceptic in the matter of epoofcs. Then 1 asked fclni if tne house was supposed to Jju liaunted. ' Ye would notice yon armour in the library ?' Tom said. I nodded in the affirmative. The ar mour he referred to could hardly imss unnoticed. From its size it must have belonged to a gigantic man. Sir Francis Iiad told me that 'it was believed to have been worn by Sir David Fleming, the crusader as he -was called, at the battle of Baniiocklmro. ' It's his ' gOialst — auld Sir Dauvitis,' rejoined Toin. ' Sometimes ye'Jl see his e'en glowerin' at ye oot o' the hoiui'it I It's a fearsome sieht. I saw't aince. ffhat was ae night I'd been up at the poun. I had 'been haein' a glass or twae yV the minister's man, but I was deid sober. That's what we're hauurit wi'— 61r Dauvit's ghaist that watches.' ' Watches what Y' I asked. 'The goold,' replied the old man, dropping his voice to a whisper, ' the goold that was laid by at the time o' Prince Charlie by anld Sir Robert, and has ne'er been seen since. But— I maun gang.' Whereupon the old man hurried off as if it had suddenly struck him that he had said too much, leaving me a little disappointed. 'Surely,' I said to myself, 'surely Abe old buffer doesn't think I'd ske daddle with the donjon keup and the portcullis for the sake of the ' goold.' I dare say J. might try to steal tins whole ^blooming establishment for the sake of getting JEiss F., but ? ' ' Saint-seducing gold !' It was a fairly apt sentiment, though I must confess I am not a saint, aud I turned to see who had spoken, when I beheld a warrior of the ancient time clad in the very armour 1 had seen in the library. The visor of his helmet was up, and il could sec his face dis tinctly; it was a masculine copy of Margaret Fleming's features. ' Dost not fear me ?' he queried 'with a ra'ther grlin smile. ' I dost not,' I answered straight off, and it was quite true. I have not nerves of steel, (but really I felt quite at case. ' A living dog is better than a dead lion,' I added. ' I am a living man, and you— you're only a spook. Your bones arc dust, and your tsoul.is with the saints, I trust— anyway it should be.' ' By my ihaMdorae, thou hast a pretty wi't,' retorted the ghost 'Xatheless, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of iu your philo sophy.' ' Apparently there are,' I remarked. ' It certainly tieate me to hear a four teenth century ghost quoting Shaks peare.' 'Shakspeare, say'st thou?' exclaimed the ghost. ' By'r lady, I could a tale unfold— but cease thy prating aud fol low me.' iMy ironclad visitor stalked off and I followed him, wondering the while why the whole house was not alarmed by the clanking aud clattering he made. But we were not disturbed. H'iving reached the ground floor the ghost turned into a long, dark corridor, which,, ae I had been told earlier iu the day, led to the north wing. I had not yet paid a visit to this section of the house, nevertheless, as my eyes became accus tomed to the gloom, the places we were travouslug seemed to assume a familiar look,- and when , we emerged from the passage into a room I felt quite certain that I knew the apartment. This place was almost square, and had a large Gothic window on the east side— that Is to say, to the right hand side of the door by which we entered. The wall was lined with portraits, and I remem ber as I looked round that I said to myseflf— ' Tdiis Is the portrait-room.' (Meanwhile the ghost inarched almost round the room, starting to the left from the door, and halting at the window be fore mentioned, to which be turned Ills back, and so faced me as I stood in the middle of the floor. ' Here,' he -said, ' is my post till the full moon liscs behind Tluto and shows (her face aibove the Tree of Doom. Watch' thou for the sign. Farewell.' Then he disappeared in the twinkling of an eye. Of course i't was a dream. I did not take long to grasp that fact when I found myself where old Tom had left me shivering before au expiring fire. Next niorulug, Sir Francis being In disposed and iinuMe to talk about the \ private business widen was the cnu.so of my being there, I was dawdling about badly iu want of something to do when Miss Fleming came to iny rescue by offering to show me the family portraits. To my surprise she look me to the very place 1 had seen iu my dream, and she called it -by the very uaone 1 hiid given it In my dream— 'the portrait-room.' ' Tliis place seems quite familiar to me,' 1 remarked after looking round. 'Only,' I added, thinking about the ghost, ' there seeuns to be something wanting.' ' Perhaips you were here before,' Miss Fleming suggested. ' I don't think I ever was,' I re plied. She moved across the room to tflie place where the ghost had taken its stand, and there halted. 'The suit of tirmour now in the library used to stand just here,' she said. ' We had to remove it on account of some l'idicullous glories.' ' Indeed V' ' Yes,' slie continued, ' 4t was said that the original owner of the armour j came sometimes and got into it, and | then promenaded round the Tree of i Doom.' ' 'Jihe Tree of Doom!' I echoed, 'what is that V' ' You cau see it from the window,' said Miss Fleming. Site pointed to au elm tree, apparently very old, wh'ich stood on the lawn about twenty yards off. This was another point of my dream that had 'coime line' iu a manner. I ! began to feel a lit-ile nei-vmis, and I was soon to get another shock. Miss Flem'iUK waw going round the mom lolling me aliout the different portraits when she halted before one that hung by itself a't llie north end ol' the west wall— (lie darkest corner of the room. ! 'This,' she said, 'is Sir Robert Fleming. Two of his brothers, Jo'lm and Frank, were out with Prince Chaiflie, aud the story goes that he col lected all the family plate and jewels alter the failure of the enterprise, meaning to smuggle tlie stull' out of the : country :is a contribution towards the expense of another attempt. The things were hid until a chance should arise of getting them away, but the chance never cainie, and they remained con- | cealed.' ' ' Do you believe that story V 1 ; queried. 'il am bound to believe about the hiding of the ?things. We know of articles of value that disappeared about that rime. 'But,' she added willi a «igli, ' 1 wish that was all we had lost. You have heard of the Fortune of Full- ( wood V' | 1 replied that I had heard of it, aud : meant to ask for a sight of it before I | loft. It is a famous charm, the Fortune ? of Fulhvood— a brooch, the stone of ! which 'was (brought by Sir David, called ' the Crusader, from the Holy Land. J According to the legend, if anything ' went wrong with the chamm, if the stone chanced to be broken or lost, the doom of the family was sealed. I 'The Fortune has disappeared,' said ' Margaret in tragic tones. ' You know , what that meaus— the family is doomed, j After iny father there will be no more Fdeuiiugs of FulLwood.' 1 felt inclined to laugh, but the girl appeared to ihe quite earnest iu her ] helief. | ' If I thought,' she continued, ' that the Fortune was anywhere about the j house I would have the whole building I taken to pieces, stone by stone. But I do not think it is in the bouse at all. I have searched everywhere, and I'm sure I know every nook aud cranny of It.' | An idea struck me. ' Did you iiud,' I asked, ' any place where the plate and jewels might have been concealed V 'No. Why?' ' Because the Fortune might have been put beside them.' ' Impossible !' she exclaimed. ' The Fortune— 'but wait— yes, the Fortune disappeared in my uncle's time. He was a 'bachelor, aud for a long time before he died he was queer. I have been told That wheu he was dyiuj; he tried to toll imy father something about the hidden plate, but could not What is your Idea V' '? He may have hid the charm him self,' I said. 'Perhaps he found out where the plate had 'been laid away and put the Fortune beside it.' Then, with many blushes, and the un easy suspicion that 1 was making an ass of myself, I told Miss Fleming about the vMt I tail had from the 'ghost. She did not laugh ; on the con trary, she was quite grave, aud I took heart of grace to point out one or two ?significant things in the dream. No doubt, I said, Tom Danaibie's story sug gested rhe dream about the ghost, but there was nothing iu his story lo ex plain iny familiarity with the room, nor to suggest the idea of what the ghost had said. ' It was a revelation,' said Margaret decidedly.' 'This is rhe time of the full moon. I shall liave the armour put back into Its former place, and this very night I shall watch along with you for the sign.' The only definite recollection I have for tlie remainder of that day up to 7 o'clock in the evening is that I thought it was very queer to find an up-to-date young woman like Margaret Plemiug with euch a strong streak of supersti tion iu her compositfion. My eyes have since been opened to tlie fact that such abnormailltics are by no means uncom mon. However, T o'clock found us in the portrait-room waiting for the i 'sign.' By-aud-1),v the moon appeared from behind the maesive bulk of Tlnto, and slowly— painfully slowly— mounted the i heavens. It plunged Into a bank of j clouds, aud (I was within an ace of say- j ing something strong when it emerged, I showing directly over the Tree of Doom, j and throwing a flood of light into 4he apartment where we were. It shone in, aud that was all. I do believe I ex pected some sort of explosion. ' Look, look I' ejMflalmed Margaret, catching my arm and pointing into the far-away comer. ' Yes,' she added almost in the same breath, ' that muet be the sign.' This is what we saw. When the moon was directly over the elm tree the moon beams were thrown from the window diagonally across the portrait-room into (ihe corner where Sir Kofoert's portrait hung, font the shadow of the armour standing at the window was thrown In the same direction iu such a way as to eefllpBe the portrait. At Miss Fleming's command I took down the portrait while she lighted up the room. Then, before I could foran any Idea of what she was going to do next, she had taken old Sir Darild'e battle-axe and let drive at the panel ling which had been covered with the picture. The axo crashed right through the wood ; there was a hollow in the wall there. To tenr away the shattered wood was easy, the operation revealing I a little chamber constructed In what appeared from Hie outside to be a solid buttress. In this ?h'ld'lugiflace were two boxes— one about 3ft. long by 2ft. deoip aud wide, and strongly bound with iron; the other bearing a strong renewliliincO' tx- a lady'e workbox or ft folding desk Margaret laid open the smaller box with her ibattle-axe and pave a cry of Joy to find that it contained the Fortune of FuUwood. The other box was open ed later on in the presence of Sir Fran cis, and was found to contain several pieces of plate, lnit the value of the iiiid wais uothtog like t'he value of what had been 'hid— tlie traditional value, that is. Perhaps Sir John Fleming, the brother aud predecessor of the present laird, had dra'wn on the treasure at tlie time he entered the secret chamber to hide there the Fortune of Fullwood. As I do not w';vut to be interviewed by psychical researchers I shall now ex plaiin the ' ghost' to tlie best of my ability. When I went home 1 told my uncle Jamas, who is a bit of a philo sopher, all albout the affair, and he told me that some months before the death of Sir John Iteming iny father had taken me with him when he paid a visit to Fullwood. On his return my father told my undo all 'about the house, and albout the legend of the hidden trea sure ; he also mentioned that 1 had -been greatly taken up wlith the suit of ar mour in the ' portrait-room.' My uncle had foiKotteu all albout this until I told him any story ; but, as he remarked, it ?was doulbtless the memory of my visit in early childhood to Fulhvood, and of bearing at that time the story of the ghost aud the Tree of Doom, that had come back Bo mo to round off the dream suggested by Hie words of old Tom DauaMe.— ' Weekly Scotsman.' 