See Their Ow n Chests. It seems bad enough to see someone elses ghost; but to have to sit still and watch your own spook float airily about before you, is quite too uncanny for anything. Luckily, to judge from some of the cases on record, your spirit double only visits you on matters of extremely urgent business ; and when he docs look in, it is well to trc3t him r-jcelv, and take particular notice of any hints he may drop, for your very life may depend upon them. how necessary ibis is, a case ' quoted, which the writer has himself is pprforth" bona-JtJe. A friend oi" his, a youn^ > To show w ! may ^be : satisfiou j 1 , captain in the Indian Medical Service, j was putting in a few days jungle j , shooting at the foot of tbe Himalayas, j 0nc nj ght ho wa3 s i 0 epirig alone in the hut—his companion bad bociw-ecalled .. 1 unexpectedly—when he suddenly a- woke with a dread feeling that something serious was about to happen. Turning over very slowly, for fear oi hastening any attack, he looked up, and to his horror saw his own spectre standing, attired in shadowy garb exactly like his own, at the bed-side. The apparition gazed at him for an instant, as if to assure itself that he was awake, then raised its hand and pointed steadily at one corner of the room. Following the direction indicated, the doctor looked, and instantly the black head and body of a cobra darted from a cranny of ihe Wall, a.nd came crawling across the moonlit floor to the mattress on which he was lying. A gun-shot blew it to pulp, but when the doctor looked to see what had become of his deliverer, the ghost had vanished. In another instance, a girl, when sitting up into the small hours of the morning readirg, iBaw her own apparition in night-robe glide across the bedroom to a bay-window which stood open, pass through it, and vanish. The. girl was known on rare occasions to walk in her sleep, and her mother, shrewdly imagining it was a premonition of disaster, kept watch the following night. Sure enough, the girl, at the hour of the vision, rose, crossed to the window, unfastened it, and in another second would have been hurled thirty feet to the ground beneath, had her mother not clutched her. Less fortunate was a man who, having seen bis Bpirit double, did not take warning. He was sitting reading at the window one evening last summer, when his attention was attracted by his dog suddenly get ting lip and rushing to the front door, where it barked vigorously. Looking out, he was astounded to tee a man resembling him exactly in face, figure, and .dress, coming slowly up the steps leading to front door. Half-way up the figure .vanished* apparently into the masonry; and the expectant terrier gave a mournful howl. The next evening, returning from business at the identical hour; he was mounting the steps when they collapsed; he was flung into the cellar : beneath,. and , instantly killed. Perhaps a more dramatic instance! lhan Mjy^s ©nfttpRin the /Brig- -ude. A,few years back, a .was kwmVjwI wifl <anmnp was manned. and the. unfortunate fireman^ being next for duty, mounted to his seat. Again the .engine swept out at a gallop, but as it took; the corner the wheel struck a post, and one of the^crew was flung from his seat and his brains knocked out onfhe cobbled street. It was the dian whose spectre a couple of hours before had: appeared and vanished on ! the same spot.—Ex. 