Children's Column. Jonathan, My Favorite Dog. Died '20/1/08; Jonathan's dead, and I'm cteep sunk in mourning ; Dim'd is my oye,.and dejected my heart i Jonathan's candle was snuffed without warn ing, ?.?'»???. Death, comos between us — forever we part. Faithful; old friend in the clays that are over, ? Friends of my wanderings over the land 5 I was y, our master, companion and lover, Now as your mournor alone do I stand. Friends. of my own. kind have stuck to me bravely, Stuck to me bravely, and kindly as well ; . But you, with your eyes On me, constantly, gravely, ' . , Strove all your depth of affection to tell. Year after year have we travelled togother, By flood and field, add o'er mountain rango ? ' too j . 'Summer and winter, in all sorts of weathor, Jonathan stuck to me, faithful and true. If in the spirit-laud, over death's border, Dogs are admitted — I'll meet him once more ; And hero is a noto for the ghostly recorder, ' Chain Jonathan's ghost to my spirit-land door.' J. E. O. January, 1898. ? . v Dear Playmates, — Among tho papers on i- -my. table I* found a little magasune which had been 'mislaid a couple of months, ago. On, tho paper cover there is a purple picture of ?' Madonna Delia Strada,' and the' name '. .of the little book is 'Madonna.' The first number was printed last November, and this 'is a copy of it that I have. ? On the cover it. says that it is tho Austra lasian dhildt'en of Mary's Home Magazine, but you know, you may get if even though you aro not a Ohild of Mary. ? All may not have had an opportunity of being roooived into tho Sodality, and although Children of Mary deserve to have nice little magazines publishod for them, still I don't think they would mind if every little boy and girl read 'Madonna.' It is published in Melbourne quarterly, and1 all you have to do is to send yourorctor to the Editor, Rev.' Michael. Wat son, S.J., St. Patrick's College, Melbourne. Tho yoarly subscription for single copies should bo paid in adyanoo, as it is only one , ? shilling and twopence. All my playmates should aubsoribo, ? an-1 toll their frionds about it. In every »; number you .will find something' to interest you and give you pleasure, and I hope that you will do all in your powor , to make this little magazine ?popular. This wook my letter-box was full, and I must thank all my playmates for ?their nice letters. Somo have boon asking mo for short stories, others aro little, strangers seoking admittance into our playground, and otliors have sent mo all kinds of news ?about, tho holidays. I like ', to got eaoh letter, and I will accept my news. playmates with pleasure, and I can't refuso to comply with the wishes of my old ones. So wo will all sit in a cosey corner, and I will tell stories. Short ones,, of course, for no one likes to hear a. long story. I know if the story is long, I prefer reading it. However, it's time to begin. . .Brotherly Love. A little boy seoing two nestling birds pecking at each other, inquired of his elder brother what they were doing. ' ' They are quarreling,' was the1 answer. 'No,' replied the child, ' that cannot be, they aro brothers.' Did you ever hear about Beethoven's spider. The bigger ones among you must: know that Beethoven was the greatest among German composers, and tho most universal musical genius the world has ever produced. Well, while still a little fellow he was wont to practice in a small attic of a hired lodging. There, without being dis turbed by anyone, he drew forth heavenly sounds fromhis violin. One day, however, it so .chanced that he was not quite alone — the tiny room afforded lodgment and scope enough for a vory large spicier. Whenever the little fellow began to play the creature quitted its web and drew near to him. Little by littlo tho player and listener got' on such friendly tornis together that tho spider from his little coll took to creep ing first on to the musio-stand, and from the music-stand on to the person of the boy artist, and at last, on to the arm that was moving tho boy. One day Beethoven's aunt — who stood to, him in tho place of his . doparted mothor — entered the little attic, followod by somo indi vicinal to whom she was wishful to show what a turn for music her nephew possessed. Beethoven began to play, and the spider was not slow to put in an appearance, creeping, as usual, evon on to tho arm. The aunt rushed forward^ dashed with a duster the spider to tho ground, and trampled on it. Beethoven, seized with profound grief, fainted away. When lie recovered his senses ho could not bo induoed to continue playing; Ho stayed in his little room bewailing tne loss of bho cherished companion of his solitude until they forced him to leavo it and tako up othor quarters, where, after sovoral weeks of sor rowing, he took up anew his violin and executed an elegiac molody ho had com posed, and to whioh ho assignod tho title of '? Lament for. my spidor-friond.' Filial Dihty. Among the Amorican Indians, 0110 of tho first lessons they inculcate in thoir ohildron, is duty to their parents and respect for old age ; and there is not among tho most civi lised nations any peoplo who more strictly observo the duty of filial obodionoo. A father need only to say in tho presonco of his ohildren, 'I want such a thing donoj I want one of my ohildron to go on such an errand ; let *mo see who is tho good ohild that will do it,' This word good operatos as it were by magic, and tho children imme diately vie with eaoh' other to comply with the wishes of thoir parents, If a father sees, an old dooropid man or woman pass by, led along by a ohild, ho will draw the attention of his own children to the object by saying, ' What a good child that must bo, which pays such attention to the aged ! That child indeed looks forward to the time when it ??will likewise be old !' Or he Avill say, 'Mary, the great spirit, who looks . upon him, grant this good child a long life!' Let me know, if 'you .like these storios, and I shall soon give you moi'e. I receiveda. letter from Playmate Thomas Walkor the other day. Of course, Tom, you may join us. ^ I will be very glad to 'get your next letter, and to hear all tho news you have to tell, and I hope you will get your teacher to order a paper for you, so that you can have one all to yourself' PLAYMATE. 