THE LIQHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are tolil about the piwors possessed by oortiiiu natives ot' Judii, who livo up among tho Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is eatd, have devoted score3 of years to the study of natnrul law and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the ' adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, .for the purpose of finding out the secret of thcir'reniark- able performances. 'They treated him rather senrvily but interested him all the same. One day tho j professor wanted lo examine somo ancient .Sanskrit manuscripts. A.i adopt went with him to a. cave! wherein tho book3 were kept. The place was dark as the bottom, of a well. I can't see to read hero, said the visitor. Then we will have somo light, was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a Boft, peaily light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it oatne, but he noticed that it lind one strange quality — it east not tli9 slightest shadow. This n story hard to believe, yot its truth is affirmed by a wan of vast learning nnd high cliai- aeter, nnd you who now read it have no loason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have east shadows 1'elief or unbelief commonly runs parallel w'th one's own experto'ieo. Dr. Johnson stuffed at tho account, of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited thefnle of tho Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find n cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which thoy believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience. 1'nko an example : — 1 In tho spring of '888, writes our correspondent, I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was dorauged, uy appetite poor, and after eating 1 had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, un.l frequently sput up n sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I sufierjd from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, bnt had always a sense of discom fort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that 1 took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel'a Syrup, and procured ft supply. Aftei I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, mid gradually all nervous ness left me. Although I had 110 reason nt first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it use;i, I no v gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recoverv, for which 1 thank Mother .-'eigel's Curative Svrup, I have been in the beat of health and spirits, "in the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony, (Signed) D, 'Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hocitley Hill, Birmingham, June Sill, 1893. There is .ideal of difference botween Mr, Griffith's .candid letter and Iho story about tlio light that east no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot bo verified without more trouble than it is wort-li. On the other hand wo have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of irquiry, andean bo found at his address. Finally, there i3 nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts oil the theory that most nilments are buo symptoms, forms, ot phases of that universal disease indigestion nnd dyspepsia; it cures that, nnd throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes whore illness and pain had oast noli dark and torrityingi shadows. And that is why peopls believe nil that is told of its success by eager witnesses. LtvKit Complaints. — Dr. King's Dandelion and Quinine Liver Pills, without Mercury, area patient remedy ; removes all Liver, and Stomach Cmn- vlaints, Biliousness, Hendnohe, Sickness, Shoulder x-aius Heartburn, Constipation. Made only in London. Sold everywhere. 