THE STORY-TELLER. A HAUNTED STATION. BY JACK BUGBY. The acres round "Denver Station' had been measured out, parcelled into blocks, and sold olf till only the smallest remnant was J eft j comprising the "home station pnd paddock, ior which in vain a pushing agent sought a buyer, but none was found brave enough to take up the role of owner ship. In simple words, "Denver Station was haunted, and though the agent assured every iikely buyer that it was to be had for a song, every one refused with a mysterious shake of the head and an inscrutable smile. The awful stories of strange sounds and spirits and sights at dead of night that had gone the round of that place was stale his tory, and enough to raise the hair oft a man's head; and,- though the "home pad dock" was the best land 011 the whole run, and the house fit lor a son of the peerage, no one" would buy, though the figure cer tainly wasiow. _ It happened about this time . tuat 3" red. Mathews and Annie Lucas had amicably agreed to enter into a life partnership, and were auxious for a- home-a small place that would not dix> too deeply into hunted means. Good land and a snug house-the station was just the thing-but people said it was haunted. Fred was young, strong, and in love, and felt equal to a legion of the supernatural if but a blanch of fear showed on Annie's fair cheek. Annie was young, and strong too, and, though not exactly a "new woman," she held independent views and rode a wheel. The very idea of ghosts braving herself and Fred when they were married-and heaven was nigh! The pros and cons of what was best to do were talked over and over every time they met till they came seriously at hist to think of buying the station. It wns»in one of the very nicest parts of Victoria, and ever so much better than going away over there to Queensland to try sugar planting, as they at Ih-st thought ,of. "Splendid land," fcaid J<red, entliusiasti callv. "Black and loamy as deep as you like to dig. And that lucerne paddock is worth the price alone."_ "Yes, and then there's the house, 1'red, said Annie. "Not a building in the district to compare with that. And the garden. Fancy when all the fruit is ripe." 1 "Oil, it's a bargain," said Fred. Ghosts ! and all," with a little laugh. Then Annie j would collapse and lean back, the conversa tion would flag, and Fred would have to brighten her up and start afresh, though it would generally end by one or the other in the word "ghost." , , , . But all things come to an end at 1 .St even the courtship of a man and a maid. Fred was impatient to be settled, ana Annie was no ways loth; but then tliey must have a home, -and "Denver was still in the market. . "To he or not to be.' said 1'red one night. "Denver or Queensland, which, An nie.' "Oh, not Queensland, Fred," she whis pered, nestling close. . " . . "Then Denver, Annie, with a caress from the bearded lips. "1-I'm-not sure.' -" "Why, vou don t believe in ghosts i <.>;',' no. Oh, you'll always be home, won't you, Fred?"' "To be sure. Of course. Wheie else would a fellow be?-after he's married, aiid has a darling little wife railed Annie. 1 hi» with half a dozen kisses rained down on her happy face. Was there ever known a more potent v.ny of dispelling ghosts, or sweeping asiue the supernatural? "That agent of Mullocks tells me he has been there at all hours," went on 1< ted, "and lie has never seen or heard anything worse than myself. It's nothing but a pack of rot, just because a shearel; goes out and stabs himself with his shears and his bioou spurts all over the door, they bl""> ''ini down in the far earner of the paddock, and ever sincc they say his jrliost walk;,-suelt nonsense. Tliev sav tl<? ? blood oil that door is as ret" as the d#y it happened; butJ 11 I liave the door taken down and burnt. And | as fc-r a ghost, there never was such a | ^"liut those dreadful shrieks they hear, Fred, and the doors swinging shut when no one is near and there is no wind to shut them?" .. ,, , "?fust a pack of rot, said l< red, reassur inelv; "the place is empty, and empty houses always have (jueer sounds, \vait till vou get the dining-room and drawing-room "suites in, and you are mine and I am yours, and vou have a nice little servant, and we have* Towzer, and Joker, and Spring bark ing round, I'd like to see where the ghosts come in." , ,, , Ces-tainK" it did sound comf'>rtnig to have disagreeable things explained away so nitclv. Then Fred was near with his arms around her. Oh, gliosis were- rubbish! And Ariiie began to decide what hangings would look best in the large drawing-room-lace, or soi-iething rich and heavy to subdue the 'ieht? Yes, the heavy ones, with a lace one between each dark one to brighten the effect, . , . "Have vou decided. Annie.' "What!" with a little start. "Is it to be Denver, 1 mean?; «0h-yes-I-think its all right, 1-red don't you?" . -i i "Yes, yes, to be sure, Annie. 1 always have." And so it came about that those two went to Denver. ... It was a dreamy night in June, wivh the wind whistling round the coiner and sweep ing down the wide chimneys at Denver in little moaning gusts and blasts. j-NOt a nice night to be alone in, and yet one can t alwavs have company. Anuie shivered, aud drew nearer the lire that was leaping brightly up the polished grate. The rose tinted shade of a high lamp that stood near her and threw a warm flush over, the sweet face, revealing a look of anxiety about the mouth and eyes. She glanced around. 1 he ,*00111 was beautiful, but, oh, so empty with Fred away. What a nuisance those meet ings were. Always something to take a man awav from home, and yet he must be like others. To-night it was a farewell social to some gentleman who was leaving the district-a smoke social, aud, of course, ladies couldn't go. The wind eauie round in a sweeping blast that seemed to shake the foundations of the house, and shrieked aud moaned like some lost spirit in pain. Could Sarah have gone to bed. bhe glanced at the clock. Only 10-dear, dear, j how the time-dragged, ko, she could not sit auy longer-she would go and see it Sarah was up. She opened the door and stepped into the hall. .The lights were turned low. Who could have done it. ftot Sarah. The lights were never turned low till they were put out at. night. As she stepped into the hall a rush of wind met her that almost took her off her feet, lu Heaven's name who could have opened that door that she knew had been bolted and barred against all intruders. Something soft, noiseless, and invisible rushed past her down the hall, something that seemed to have an all-pervading feel as though it were everywhere at once. it-li a wild cry that rang through the house, and echoed back into the open hall, she rushed into the drawing-room, closing the door and snap ping the catch. As she did so, wild despair ing shrieks, mingled with the howl of the wind, echoed again and again through the house, making her feel that they were the spirits of the damned. With a smothered cry of fear she threw herself face down wards on an ottoman, muffling her cars to shut out the awful cries. Hie blood in her veins felt frozen, while her hair felt stinen ing with fright. The awful cries had ceased, but she still kept her face pressed down on the crimson cushions. Something shrieked and wailed under the drawing-room win dows. Not wind! She had never, heard wind like that.. It grew louder and more terrible. Por a moment she ventured to raise her head and look up. The soft light of the lamp made everything rose-tinted, and the room was bright with firelight. tone took courage, and, rising, drew closer the heavy hangings before the windows. What a blessing she had chosen tiiem instead of tbe light lace ones. She was. stepping back to the otiioman near the fire when three distinct soft P^tle taps came to the upper part of the middle window. Once more tihe blood flowed Ijaclr to her heart as she sank helpless by the ottoman. She had forgotten to listen to .the waihnsr shrieks under the window, and just lav helplessly waiting for the taps- They came, disijir.ct and clear as before, one, two, three 011 the upper pane. Then a pause that seemed to bring a. hell of unearthly stillness. as though heaven and earth we waiting for the answer to those raps. bhe had he;\rd of spirit-rapping. Could tins be a manifestation from some departed, spirit, who had a message to leave, and. could not rest till it was delivered? b he remembered the splashes of blood on the door of the" men's huts that l'red had ne glected tjo burn, and the untended grave in the far comer, and shuddered. The pitiful wailing sonnets without were recommencing. With stirained ears she listened till thev rose to a wild shriek that almost maddened her with fear. Once more she raised her bead and looked. Merciful heaven! The light of the lamp was lai nag like those in the hall, and the tire had burnt dowr. to a heap of red coals for want of fresh fuel. Still she dare not stir, feiie turned her eyes tp the window. Could s!ie be di earning, or going mad^ i.ue great heavy hangings before the windows were moving-they were parting. . \es, they were parting. They were ehppmg back on the brass rings of the. curtain poles, biie caught the gleam of the white ace curtajn underneath as they were stealthily parted. Her eyes were growing large and round with horror, and to save her life she could not withdraw her gaze. rlhe curtains began to fall slowly together again till just a namnv strip of "white was left visible, ana just above that, glaring down at her, shone two great pleaming fireballs that m V1C rinlr.lv awful to beheld. With a shriek Dial onr-« more raised the echoes through the house, she buried her head in the_ crimson cushions, and Jay st:ll. -And ,,]i through the open wind-blown ball came the same fearful, unearthly sJn^-.s that t'ne had henul on stepping into the hall oulv now they were iouder and more continuous, till, that t-lie had ever seen dr-uth, «v listened to the avUul persuasions of a ' man's oily tongue Cou d tins be a i.resale of the D;.y of .ludgmontj It seemed to her night; everlasting and chat dawn would never break. But the fascina tion of those awful eyes above the window ham- ings were drawing her, and once moie <die turned and gazed round. Hie room was in darkness, save lor the giOW of the coals, hut the gleaming cy«s 1w(:1'e 8ou? She breathed freer. The waihng sounds without: hud dionped to a low moijo one .And then, as she looked int.o the <&«&>«» (hckness of the room, came three soft hK e laps on the nnper part of tne middle window-always the upper pane of the middle window. She knew nothing ol spirit rapping. fcven if she did she Iv.d no ! imxvr kil to raise a hngcr. Use ...!)» ? kflpt on-nw> two, three, one tv.o, t.iicc, , (-:)] ^iic c,willed twelve rawed out in threes. Her reason seemed to be going, as her mind o-ot mixed up with waihng ones, spirit laps, Td dvinff Jivelifiht. Slid, she had reason enough left to faint from excess of ,W at the sound of horses' hoofs and barkmgdogs. I Winn Fred found her she was lying pios trat" hv the ottoman in a dead swoon. Sarah at the further end of the house was found in an almost similar condition, and i between the two he had a pretty ha'f-houi. Sarah seemed even worse than her unstress, nc che kf-pt going strong hysterics, and shrieking loudly; but Fred's i.rst care was his wife. . i '-All in darkness and the doors wide , open! Mav God help me: but what devils j were here in uiy absencer he moane ! in the agony of suspense over the bod> ol his prostrate wife. : It. was quite half an hour before hei : eves opened, and when she saw him, she . clung so convulsively to Ins neck that lie thought she would choke hi in. , 4<J» NjovoVt Anniu/ he entreated, tell j me who has been Jure to do this to you, my j darling, my djilinjjV" rocking her in his j d!''Ghosts. Fred!" she gasped. "Nothing , but ghosts', ghosts, ghosts! I saw them! I hoard iliem! I felt them,! Oh, take me away from Denver for ever and ever take me from Denver!" "Oh come Annie, don t shake liUe mat. Just tell everything, right from the hrst. Who put out the lights?" '"The ghosts. ' '.(ill. come now.' . "They did," she persisted. I'm positive of-it." . " "Who opened the doors. "The ghosts." . "Did you sec them.' he asked, getting hopelessly lost in mystery and wonder. "Yes, 'right above the curtains »n the middle'window there is one." "But Isay6 there is! ;It glared down at me with eyes like fire.' . Sarah had crept iu, and looked like one just risen 'from the dead, "Ob, missus did you hear the screams. "Don't, Sarah. They are too awful to think of," she entreated. Fred had risen, and taldng a poker, parted back the haug iiiBs The room was now flooded with light, for Fred had brought in a regiment of candles. One curtain seemed heavy, and did not swing back on the rings as he pushed it. Catching it in his left band, and holding the noker in bis right, he swung the end of the curtain into the middle of the room, shak ing it violently, and from the topmost folds fell a large 'possum, who blinded by the light sped behind an easy chair, and up the back, where it bliuked at its enemies. The ^wo women screamed in chorus, and clung together. '.There you are!" cried Fred trium phantly. "That's flesh and blood for you, Annie,' though, it doesn't happen to be human. Now let's investigate further. Did you fiill those lamps to-day, Sarah?" "N-ito," she faltered. "I thought Airs. Matthews was going to the social" "There goea another of your ghosts, Annie," said Fred, with a bright smile. "Now, about those doors. JL>id you bar the front one, Sarah?" "No," she answered quickly, "HUBBUB did after you left." . "No, Sarah, I did not, I thought you bad done so." They looked at each other. "There goes again," cried Fred. "The card-house is tumbling about your ears. One thought the other shut the door, and; neither did,, and the ghosts get blamed. I mean the 'possums. Now, what about this thing you felt, Annie?" "Oh, Fred, I opened the door into iiife hall, the lights were going out, and the front door was wide open. Something rushed past me. Oh-a dreadful thing." . "Of course, another 'possum, taking an evening walk. You know Denver is alive with them; and then the dogs were away. What.next?" "Of course I screamed," - said Annie, "and inshed into the drawing-room again. Hut, oh, the fearful screams that rang all through the house were awful to listen to." - "Oh, fearful, 'fearful," said Sarah, who was getting a little colour back. "I should tliink so," said Fred,- "You screaming at the end of the house, and Sarah at Ijlie other taking seconds. What else could you expect but the house to be full of Ecreams? I wish to heaven' I had taken you both with me to the "smoke social." Tiie two looked at each other without a word, ami then Annie ]etj her gaze wander to the burnt-out coals. The laughter ia Fred's eyes was not to be home after what she had passed through. "Anything more now, Annie, before I dis lodge the 'possum from my easy cliair?" queried Fred, with that wrinkling of eyes and lips that foretells laughter. "Oil, law!" cried Sarah. Just listen to (hat fearful noise outside the window, missus." "Oh, that is nothing, Sarah," she answered It was worse than that, ten times worse, all night:." "Just the wind," said Fred, craning his v.eck to listen, though lie almost doubted it himself. '"The wind:" said Annie sarcastically, who felt she must say something disagree able at this stage, as exposure after ex ) osure of t;he night's terrors lay around her. "Please go and explain away that now." "Oerifiinlv," said Fred. "Anything to oblige," and going out he fumbled about the windows ior a few minutes, returning with a large empty demijohn that had by some mischance been left there. The sounds now had entirely ceased, and holding tihe jar aloft, lie cried, "There you are now, Annie. That's the last of the bottled-up (?host* of Denver, and good luck to 'em, say f. \\\V11 drink eternal rest to 'em on ''hristmas Day. And, now, if you and Sarah are game to go into lihe kitchen and brighten up the fire and get yourselves some supper, I'll come to terms with the '"possum." It is not nice to be laughed at, and great as the tomptauou was to tell mi good a joke abroad, Fred promised faithfully to keep it a secret, and lei the ghosts die a natural dentil, as Annie had a rooted objection to liein-r made public fun of, though she and Sarah had to stand a good deal of it when Fred bad them at his mercy. A few days after was Christmas, and Fred and Annie-along with the holy rites at tached-sot it apart as a yearly anniversary and special day of thanksgiving to the "De parted Ghosts' of Denver." It swept a lot of cobwebs from their minds, and meant a commercial rise to the dear old homestead of twice its value. That had happened five years ago, but they slill keep up the thanksgiving anni versary, and there is a bright little trio there now that help to make it lively and celchrate. the fun. As for Denver now, it is one of the prettiest places to be found under a. changing Austral sky, and one of the happiest homes, Fred and Annie are fairly wedded to it, and would not leave, it for a king's ransom. They smile now at the fears that lield them back from buying six or ssven years ago. Even that grave in the far comer ihat helped to give rise to the, history of the "Denver Ghosts," is guarded by a new fence, and bright with wild flowers, where the children ronxp and play, and bring to the minds of their ciders a line from one of Gordon's poems-"1 may chance to hear the sturdy station children romping overhead."'" 