THESQUIREO KILDERMAY; OR, UNDER QUEEN VICTORIA S RULE. A STOliY or OLD ENGLAND AND ,i l'OL'-VG AUSTRALIA. CHAPTER XXV. .—(Continued. ! Bt I'CUDEBICK BUBDON. It was Lour o'clock m the afternoon of the hottest day ever known by Mr Edgeliill during forty rears -of settlement in the bush. The fierce heat had driven tlie whole family indoors to escape liie scorching sun. Since the death of his daughter the squatter had aged considerably, and his children had noted, with much concern, the growing weakness of their father. Tile daily routine, disturbed by the advent of Philip and Jackson, had resumed its normal state, and no further interference by bushrangers had disturbed its peace and harmony. As I have wsid. the heat was intense: ev^n the verandah, the usual place of rest during the afternoon, had been vacated, sad the family sat tn the parlor, the girls preparing tea, and the stalwart sons reading: and smoking: Mr Edge-hill had fallen asleep in his arm-chair, and the beams of light creeping through tile 3alousIe "śH^ered ' the' snow-white hail-. .. Por., some time, the deeper slumbered with the peacefulness of a child and of a, mail at peace with his Maker;- hut soon the repose grew restless .and the breathing:, from almost imperceptible calmness, became hard and troubled. The change attracted the notice of his eldest daughter. "What is the matter with father?" she said, anxiously. "See how flushed he is, and how bis face twitches. I hope he is not ill." "Shall 1 wake him, Sis?" said Timothy. 'It would be a pity, unless he be really ill. He sleeps so little." \-- The necessity for so doing was set at test, for the sleeper started to his feet, looked wildly round, and said : "What do you want?" "Nothing, father," said his daughter. "But you. called for help." 'i "No; you have been dreaming. Sit down again: tea will be ready in a few minutes." Mr Edgetill pressed his hands against his forehead, like a man bewildered.and Sat down; then, hastily rising, said : "I hear it again—''Help—help!' It tings plaintively in my ears. It is the cry of someone in distress. Perhaps some unfortunate traveller is lost. Quick, boys—fill your flasks and follow me to the Sugar Loaf!" With energy surprising for his years. Mr Edgehill climbed the mountain-side.. He was joined by his sons, and they gazeS anxiously down on the plain. "Can you see anything-, Mark? My eyes are not so keen as they were." "I can see something: lying on the sand. Tis a man, father!" Down impetuously rushed the younger men on their errand of mercy, and came to the place where the mail lay. Philip had fallen prone on his face. "We aw in time," said Mark. "Turn Lira over. Noir the brandy and water." The flickering breath was long gathering force, hut slowly and sur ly the breathing grew stronger, and (he pulses throbbed with renewed life. "He is coming round, Mark. I saw his eyelids move." "Yes, Tim. we were just in time. I think we may venture to carry him. Poor fellow.' he's nothing but a. bag: of hones. I wonder how he got here." "Is he alive?" shouted Mr Edgehill. „ "Tes, father." tliey replied with one voice. "Thank God! Rest awhile, and give him some more drink. Merciful Heaven! it is Mr Goodwin! Praise be to God for His great "mercies' Bun to the house. Timothy, and tell Mary to prepare a warm bath. How altered he is! Where is his black -friend? My heart misgives me. His pulse is good. See, liSs eyes open. Cheer up, Mr Goodwin; y u are saved. We are old friends, the Eocehills." Philip smiled, a look of recognition (amo into his eyes, and lie'pressed the hand in his to express his gratitude. "Now. boys, lift him gently; I will lead the way." Philip, refreshed by a. toath and weak broth, fell "asleep, watched throughout tlie night by his anxious friends. The four days of hunger and thirst io<>k weeks to recover from, and taxej to the utmost the medical skill of Mr KOseliill to subdue tjhe raging fever consequent on privation and fatigue, but in the end lie was restored to health and able to give an account of his experience?. CHAPTER XXVI. Wb<n Captain EadclifEe returned from escorting Lucy to her hotel, he felt little inclination for sleep, so the two friends sat up late talking over the best means for checkmating Mr Stump, now that it was believed he had gone over to John Rawdon. "There is only one course," said Robert Blake, "and that not a sale one with such a turncoat—to bid higher than Rawdon. If he gave a hundred, we must give two. I ownder whether the Story of the gentleman buying the certificate is irac. T hardly liellere it. Mr Stump is a mixture of cunning and fear, ttcd as likely as not palmed off a false Certificate."' "He is sharp enough for anything, Blake. I was just in time tn prevent Ł:m opening your pockel-book. Prom what Lucy sny®, he has got oyer his lit of remorse, so, on that score we carrdo nothing. it is difficult to know what fine to take." "It is. But leave him to me, Gus. Til c-ee him to-mnrrow evening. I know his Vfak points." 'IWhat do you think of the lawyer?'/ "Unfortunate, in some respects. He 5s a. weji-known man, and very sharp. I •wish fhe had gone elsewhere. I've a good mind to hee him, and put him on -a raise scent. It wouldn't be a bad- •dodge." The idea tiekied the two men immensely. "Tou are a daring fellow, Blake. I FU'.'e you will succeed-" "Yes, Rawdon's bills would show my faith. It is worth trying. However, one thing at a time. We will settle Mr Slump first." The following evening Robert Blake •3-ned at the coffee tavern, in Beck «rc-et. and then set out for Kensington. ^ he cottage was in darkness, :->nd lie Oould get no response tr. repeated Knocks. Somewhat disheartened heretraced his steps, when it occurred to htm that Mr Stump might be at the church. The door was open, and to bis inquiries •M the pew-opener he learnt that the h, ad S D n e '--• t ł » country. Vexed atthe lose of time. Robert Blake strode thoughtfully homeward, but suddenly ctoppec. 5 t '"" ilp as he turned 5 m ? ^ere be keeps: Sfe desk. Perhaps U contains papers,- BJid among them the cne I want." V" 4 the windows-and - o rs ^Met from a miser. I wonaer what <^Hed him away? Three Says the wo Gone into the countn to^ F Rawdon, I shouldn't be surprised. How the deuce am I to get In? This role ot burglar hardly suits my temperament. Not a single door unfastened,' and the shutters* closed. I dare noit break a pane of glass; it would make too much' noise. If there Is a ladder In the jjar- •deu. I could try thS upper windows." . In the outhouse be found what he wanted. and. placing it against the wall, ; discovered, to his delight, the sash slightly down, and without further difficulty he entered. Striking a match, Robert Blake groped" his way down stairs to tlie sitting-room, and lighted the candle. "Now, for the desk. He keeps it in the cupboard, which is locked, of course; nut my eyes were not always closed, Mr Stump, though you .thought they were. I know where you hid tlie precious key. It isn't every robber who has such easy work. Now for the contents of tlie desk." "What's this—as yellow as a guinea, from :ise? A letter from Betsy Stump. Ah, this Is better! By Jove! the certificate of the marriage of Robert Goodwin and Alice Cumming. The old villain! What a find, to be sure! You've the devil's luck, Tiobert! In the tolls again, Rawdon! I'll be even with you for your treachery. Jwo more money— revenge is sweeter. Who were the wit-, nesses? Betsy Stump and her brother. She must know if a child was bora, and where it is. "We shall see wh.-it she says to this piece of evidence. NcJ need to look further- The old miser will have another fit of repentance when •be finds the^certiUcale vanished.". „' • •., »;Eobert Blakęlocked the cupboard.; replaced the key, carefully "reinovea the inarks of his boots from tlie window-dH, : put hack tie ladder, and wended bis way to Fleur-de-lis-court, overjoyed at his success. * » * . 4 Wo left Philip restored to health and strength by the kind nursing of his friends, the Kdgehills, and happy in the possession of the secret for which he had braved the perils of land and sea. The privations he hail endured bad made terrible inroads on his constitution, and convalescence was tedious. When bodily vigor returned he became impatient of delay, and surprised the family one morning at breakfast by the announcement thai he should leave them on the morrow. His host did not conceal his regret at the sudden determination, for he loved Philip as a. son, t^nd -used all his .persuasive' powers to induce* him to remain with them. ~ His solicitude, under other conditions might, perhaps, have been successful, but mo 'tempting- offer, however generous, could change Philip's intention, and in the end he ceased to urge. With many heartburnings the whole .household gathered to bid him good-bye,- and more than, one eye -was moist -when the form of their guest was lost in the distance. Philip, accompanied by Mark, pushed rapidly forward, and as he passed the place of adventure with the bushrangers be pointed out to his companion the shanty, now deserted, where the ruffians "had attempted his life. It seemed but yesterday—so quick is the flight of time —since that terrible night of the escape, and still more terrible morning under the tree, and he shuddered at the recollection. How swift had retribution followed! Of all the actors in the tragedy, not a single bushranger remained; of the others, he alone. Philip iook an affectionate farewell of his companion, and the same evening arrived at Melbourne. Nearly a year had elapsed since his departure from the city, and as he. stepped on to the river bank the memory of that day came ba<& to him. Then he was hot alone; his noble friend, who bad given his life for him, and whose body lay buried .in.the desert liad w ^ M witb ! hIm. Even now he saw in imagination a form with a dark face and skin and noiseless tread keeping pace with him, and he instinc-. tively tried to grasp the well-known band. , But it was a delusion. That form would ne'er more on earth utter cheering words—would never " raise a. 3oyousWaugii. It tras a mirage. "Poor Jackson!" he murmured. "True even to death. Little did I think that you, the stronger, should die, whilst I, the weaker, should live. Oh, Pate, Pate! how hard to bear is thy cruel decree! Thou mistress of the lives and fortunes of human kind, couldst thou not have spared him?" And.fl sigh from a troubled spirit rose laboring from his breast The city was more crowded ,its palaces more imposing, and its progress more marked; but Philip noticed none of these. He strode on, looking neither to right nor left, little changed, only bronzed by the moll ,of those three weary days, till he came to the merchant's office. "Is it possible he has forgotten me ? Then I must be changed!" s;ud Philip to himself. The youth stuck his pen behind his car, and again asked the question. "I wish to see Mi- Maceulloch." *Then you can't. He's gone away for a few days. "VTon't I do? We manage the business. Perhaps you've come about the wool sales?" i Philip smiled at the air of assumed authority, and said, "Tm Mr Goodwin. • Don't you remember me?" The youths red hair disappeared, and Philip could hear liim vainly endeavor-, ing to smother his laughter. "What is the matter?" he said, sharp-, ly. "Time has not polished your manners." "Nor your humbug," was the pert rejoinder- "It won't do. You can!t play that game tuiless you're his ghost Our Mr Goodwin died three months ago—we heard it from Mr Cameron, of Killamooloo." "Ill news travels apace." muttered Philip. Then alęud: "If£ a mistake'; I a®Łost,lBut Philip Goodwin, In the flesh." *Hed-hair stared, left his desk, and, peering-into/the bronzed features, exclaimed. "So you are! . Where's the darky?" , "Dead, poor fellow—dead! But I did not come to bandy words. "Where can I find Mr Maceulloch?" "He's gone to JBlacklands to see Mr Goodwin, the gentleman who gave yon the letter.. .He Is very ill—dying, I heard the messenger «ay. You bad better goi quick;" -. • . , . . ..v.i;"',.-.' ^ •Mr. Goodwin!*' eaid piifltp, in . surprise. ' .'l' "Yes. - I thought you "knew, that iie's \ your uncle.. He's the richest jnan about; tbesę parts, and: owns a. deal ..of property. We manage it for ^ Hallo! he's. gone." Here's a pretty kettle of fish. The dead man's come to life, anfl,the old. man's making another "will. He won't; get there in time. He shall, though, if I can help him. He isn't so chedty as some who-'come here;" aiid. dashing throngh the door, be caught- Pbllb>, already some distance idown the street. " t "Stop/ Mr "Goodwin- How yojij do travel! You can -hare and /it Mr &iti;ćeulloch'f Łorsep." . " :• 'Tliankś.j-oun^ter. JTll'Mtforget youfórthis." the eag^ Juu^Sons'aibout. Jus iitaHipliSfe the^Stog^^^faeSaceof-tbE^sSi end ^beJkindn^s^oE^ay- fJanieKUl/ WEBg all •tws&Ss;^MSSt emigrated to Australia early in the cen- • turi r . and was supposed to be dead. | At the hut he dismounted and knocked gently. - No one answered, so he pushed open tlie door. The outer room was empty, but from the inner, where Jackson had lain, came the sound of voices —one loud and unmistakable, the other feebleajud interrupted by a cough. Philip hardly liked to disturb the speakers, but the knowledge that his -uncle was dying overcame his timidity, and he lapped gently, then loudly. The voices ceased, "and the door was opened by Mr Maceulloch, who started back In amazement. "Eh, Mr Goodwin! Haes it yo or your ghaist?" "It is In the flesh,. sir," replied Philip. "Bh, man! How ye scared me! But bide a wee; sit doon, whilst I break the news. You're just in time; the gude man is away hame to heaven. Bide a wee." A wliisr>ered" conversation ensued in the death chamber, broken by a sudden exclamation ol joy : "Let me see him! Let me see my sister's son! God is still merciful!" Mr Macculloch, with many cautions," not to over-excite -the sick man, led Philip into tlie room, and retired, closing- the door. For a while neither spoke,, but gazed earerly one at the other. - Philip expected to see a great fchange in his uncle, but was totally unprepared for its extent. The. hue of death already touched the cadaverous face, and bung about the dilated aośtrils like the Slowly rising- mist on the silver beech leaves. ^Ehe noble -forehead, without a: wrinkle to mar its smoothness, was damp with the unmistakaWS death sweat, and beneath It the sunken sockets, rimmed with a zone of dark color, from which the eyes Steamed with unnatural light, were in strange contrast with tlie pallid features. Philip was human, and, in spite of the solemnity of the occasion, could not control a feeling of" satisfaction that be was in time to stay the irrevocable signature. The pen dropped from the feeble hand, and as it fell rolled across the paper from end to end, leavin: trail which effectually destroyed the last will and testament. -"Nephew," said the dying man, "you have come in time. I am glad. Sit down and listen to me, for my eyes are growing dim, and the end, I feel, ap -proaches. You are my . nephew, knew it when you told the story of your life. Perhaps I ought to have-told you tjien. but T wished you' 1 to gain a practical knowledge of station life, so that you would know how to manage the great possessions which I shall leave." Then, after a pause : "You are my heir; use the fortune I have wasted my life to obtain in doing good. AJas! would to God, I had done so, instead of living only to increase it. Lift me a little higher. Thank you. What was I saying? My memory grows weak. "About the property, uncle. But don't distress yourself," said Philip, gently. "Ah yes. Mr Maccullocli has the will. Destroy this paper. Another half hour would have been too late, and your Cousin John would have taken alL' Philip started. His pride revolted against such a triumph forms cousin. "Yes," continued the sick man. "He may not deserve it, but I know nothin; to his discredit. It is sufficient that he is of the same blood." A fit of coughing brought on a spasm of the lungs, and Philip thought all was over; but after a few minutes of painful suspense the spasm "relaxed, and little brandy revived the all but exhausted strength. "How weak I am!" he.sałd. In a. feeble voice. "I jnust not delay. " I have much to ten, and my time is short Listen. I left home forty years ago—• why, does not matter now — and after years of weary toil amassed money and laud. I have lived in this mean abode, an anchorite, coring nothing for the -world's pleasures. .Now, ywhen too late, I see the folly of such-selfishness. Well, sixteen years since, your Uncle Robert found me much in the same way as you did. We lived * together 'many months at a time, the former enmity forgotten, thougLt the sorrow remained. He had changed greatly; his reason shattered, restless, a ad morbid: he was possessed with a dread o£ punishment for some act he had done. "Five years he stayed in this country reckless of life, wishing to die and end his misery. Sometimes he would travel far in the interior where the foot of man had never trodden; b-;t when he returned the same fear, was on him, and with the cry, 'Crime and shroud ! Whose crime? Whose shroud." siill ringing it his ear. The rest be sousht was denied him. He bore a chirme-i life, which neither man, ror hunger.uor thirst could take away. "Once he came back, still gloomy, but snore at peace; the tvii spirit had ceased to torment, whether /:v,m time or some' thing tliat had occurred in his last wandering, I know not—I think the latter, for he told me i sn-ji-iye tale—Jicnv he had saved the life of a woman dyin;_ from thirst, which had brought him more peacs than any act he had ever done, 'and this,' he said, 'is the means J used," showing me a " Philip, doubly overawed "by the scene he svas witnessing, and the old '.nan's narration, rose from his seat, and leant over the bed. A great cliań^e had com? over the features; a pale shadow spread from the nostrils, and crept upwards towards the forehead. "Dnele—uncle!" he cried; then opened the door, and call? i liiidly for Mr Macculloch. The veil ot death covered the emaciated face, and,as they watched, the breathing-grew fainter and more faint, and the spirit fled! Philip deeply 'grieved. Though be knew little of bis uncle, be-loved him foir-the Ijlndnesa he had shown him and Jackson^ and the tender regard for Wis welfare- It was a'consolation.to know him even in Us dying moments, and his only regret was that death had come so suddenly. The -word which, from want of strength, the -dying breath bad left unsaid, be could supply; the tiling which bad saved Iiis life on a like occasion pre served the woman. His uncle had been generous. The whole of his lai£e property, which included .Killamooloo, Blacklands, and other estates, together -with many thousands in "money, were left to him for hls psle use, and "Philip found himself one of the wealthiest men In-Austfealia: , •; .'•": '."',.'• To Mr Macculloch he left, the management of the estates, and of the -mouey he took'enough for his immediate wants; for he had determined to return as lie •bad come, poor, and apparently unsuccessful; and figiit his cousin with ' the secret of the vrtll alone. : "*• "'->Łi. He had a prosperous.passago; tbe ship carried him homewardis in half ithe time tbe Włnteńjiuiy witb_ber broad bows and j rotten ' masts, . bad" taken;" and <me morning -in June—a bright, genial,; spring- day-j^ie saw again -the -white cliils, sailed up the i3owns, and set foot once more on his iiaiiye soi in full health and strength. ; PMUp Go6dKto'e firsl. A'iBit on his at> rival in^gl&dwastohlsfrieridGeoi;^ge dark evening-wben'-he toiled .through the v-jpAgShg-tfeceg" vrpo jioted .over r^iodks The In bis tor tone -jvaS Immense, lie felt prpud as lie 3>rang wtłm light ijUSkeffir - jstairs But ęlrcumsgiuces waiter In the Old World as well as in the New. In answer to his knock a strange face appeared, and for the moment a fęar of evil tidings oppressed him. "Mr Marsden?" he said, hesitatingly. "He has removed to chambers in King's Bench Walk," was the reply- What number, please?" said Philip, as the door was unceremoniously closing. . "Number eight" "I Lope nothing is-wrong,'" lie thought "Wbat a fool I was not to call for letters in Melbourne!" Nothing was wrong. The times had been prosperous with George Marsden, and the rooms on the third pairwere not good enough for a rising barrister, so be bad taken more commodious chambers. Philip, as he sat in tbe waitingroom, noted with pleasure the signs of prosperity. "What name?' asfced the clerk. "Never mind," replied Philip, after a slight pause. "Say a stranger wishes to see him. . . . . I wonder if he has forgotten me? I should not be surprised. The red-haired youth did." The lawyer pointed to a seat, and oast a quick glance at the bronzed, weatherbeaten client If Philip had changed beyond recognition, so had his friend. The ldnfl face had grown harsh and stern, the manner abrupt, and the tone of voice disagreeable. Instead of Jlie erect figure and strong frame full of life and energy, bent shoulders and flabby muscles denoted physical -wreck—a constitution broken by excessive tojl or grief. Surprise kept Philip- silent till be" was recalled to himself by tlie lawyer Saying, with a tinge of irritability : "You wish to consult me?" . "Yes, George, I do. Where are your eyes, old fellow? ~ Don't you know' me?" "What! Can it be Philip?" — a ring ot the old tone in his voice. "How you have altered! Grown taller and stouter, and as brown as a berry When did you return?" "This morning. I left the ship an hour ago. But what lias happened to you? The cares <Sf all the world are on your face, and you stoop like an old man." "Nothing, Philip, nothing" — turning his head — "hard work and ambition What else does a man live for in these •days?But what has brought you back so soon?" "Several things, George, which will keep. One thing will not; I Lave solved the enigma and tbe place of the hidden v. iU. I can put my band on it fiv, jninutes after reaching Wyclifie Hall." "This is news indeed; but" — shaking' his bead—"J do not know whether tlie finding "is desirable." "You speak seriously, George. Is anything wrong?" "You got my letters, of course?" "No, not one. In mv hurry to leave I forgot to call for them." "Then you arc not aware that your cousin is' married to Kate—your sister Kate?"—correcting himself. "No," said Philip, slowly, "no, but I am not surprised. Poor girl! Is she happy?" "Perfectly. They have been married nearly two years, and Jessie, who has been staying with them, says Rawdon Is the most devoted of husbands, think you are mistaken in your estimate of his character. He behaved very kindly to me last autumn.- Indeed, he expressed great sorrow at your departure, and ps.de me tell you so, which I did in one of my letters. Moreover, he said he would do anything to overcome your antipathy." "Astonishing!" said Philip. "Perhaps I acted hastily; if so, I am the last man to refuse to shake hands. My experience of life has beaten all pride out of me. Tlhen the letter from 'B. L." was not meant for my cousin?" Ł "Ob, yes.- It was -the act of a jealous woman, with whom Bawdon had got into difficulties—nothing more." "Well, George, m go down and judge for myself. If it is as you say, and the will is in my favor, I will burn it and leave him in quiet possession. Now about yourself. Let me have a good look at you"—placing both hands the bent shoulders of bis friend. "Hum "What is the matter, George? Are you in love, or what? I have-never seen you so worried; and your face—well, it is not a contented one. What is wrong? "Weary—aweary,'" he sighed. "The sooner I -am gone the better." "Weary!" echoed Philip. "At twentyseven?" ' "" . "Yes, briefs are the plague of my life. I work morning, noon, and night, times I throw them down in disgust, and swear rii not touch anotłier, but I do. I must work." he added, a touch of bitterness in his voice, "or I think too much, which is worse." "Don't be foolish, George. You are killing yourself—for what? To make a name. Is it worth the price? You are prematurely old already; another year or two, and you will be dead and forgotten. Let me "prescribe for your ailment—traveL" "No use, Philip ; I have tried it, bu pleasure, health, everything palls. So, to be happy at all, I bend my head, and find relief in hard work." "I will soon drive this nonsense out of your head. Let me settle the will, and n i drag you awaj- from musty documents and stuffy chambers to salmon hooks and breezy meadows." "I wish you success, but am doubtful. Fresh air can't cure a disturbed mind" —with a doleful sigh. "There is something more than work here," be thought "Come, George, am I your friend or not? You have a deeper reason. What is .It? No quibbling, but say plainly; open confession is good for the mind. What is the real cause?" George Marsden's face flushed—a hot burning rush of redness— for a short space, then died away, leaving a deathly pallor and deep shade round the sunken eyes.- That was the answer to the ques- tion. Wbat -else could tEe stricken man Philip saw the flush and paleness, and said', "You are 111,-George, from overwork." - The lawyer laughed—a. feeble attempt at jollity. "What matters? One must work in these days if-one is to be successful. I daresay I "have been burning the midnight oil lately owing to pressure of work. However, the courts rise.'next week, then I will -join you at Kildermay. Things are not quite satisfactory there. Betsy Stump and the boy bave been :tirned out óf the cottage. 'Surely not!" interrupted Philip. "Then -my cousin has still the eame black skin beneath the white." "By-the-by," continued - the lawyer, "I heard a curious tale from, a person who came, to see Jne one evening. Had your uncle any children?" < . ' "No, George, Ihe never married." "Are you sure?" " . . J ^ "Quite. Why do you ask?" "From curiosity. The tale related to a secret marriage between your uncle and a Miss Cunimijigs; h.e disowned her This is .new - to' me." said Philip, in astonishment "Is tęere any trace of the .motherland chlld?"\ •Tj^jS^'ISdSniK^fli^Sj: the- -latter;: 'iiSer acałiiwtii not "write as She promised. jme'tjpo'fast .1 must obtain more Inforri' It is .:tbree lioinrióreltlmŁ^a^kimeś^ ^K-cvenlng at Jłusseli S<&are.;" "I cannot, -George, or Z am ansiou to get down to Kłldermay as little dela tergkpssnfle. 4 <" f <SDo łiejeontlnuecL) 