For tho Warwick Farm meeting, Arquebus has gone out of the Farm Stakes, Storm out of tho Stewards' Mile, and llyee out of the Pace Welter. Tho 'disappointing Toreador was hurt so much when ho fell at Moorufield tho other day that ho will probably bo sent to his owner'a station near Moree, to do duty as a hack. It ib n coincidence that Hirundo came to grief »t tho Etiir.o' hurdle at Flemingtou that also provod fatal to Lux the previous wank, Both horses had to bo shot, and their final trial waB run together. Tom McCarthy's string oC horses nt Randwick has been strengthened by tho addition of a grey colt, two- yoars-ola, by Scot's Grey out of Eva, dam of that useful pair GlendonnoH und Cronie. Tbo Newcastle Jockey Club ban altered tho date of its next race meeting to the 3rd November. Tho club seems to hive struck a happy and remunerative patch when it determined to go in for Thursday re unions. A Queensland papor says that a rather strango race took place at Port Douglaa, » couple oC Sundays ago, between Myall nnd Copper King. The conditions of tho race were that tho horsea were to run for ten hours from tho town ond of tho beach to the bqvpii mile, returning to tho beach and going back aB often as was necessary to occupy tho time (stated, tho stakes being £70. The horaoB started at 8 a.m., nnd continued until $ p.m., covering a distunco of eighty- night miles. The result was a win for Myall by a length. The Cc'Barewitoh, in which several Australian rncehorseB aro engaged, will bo run for at New market to-morrow over two miles two furlongB and tltirty-flvo yards, so that it ia one of the few remaining oventB run over a distance iu England. A cable message Btntos that ' Mr. Jersey's (Mrs. Langtry) Merman hna been heavily backed for the race, nnd on Saturdny tho son of Grand Flaneur and Seaweed waa supported nt 7 to .1. Merman, although perhaps not quite first class, is a genuine stayer, although 8at 51b. is all the weight that he is entitled to. Inquiries having beon made as to the breeding of the horses 'Fireman nnd Fnllttdah, who won racoB at tho recent meeting at Narrabri, I append par ticulars t Fireman is a chestnut g&ldiog;, tlve years old, by 'Prodigal from Mouyong, and hns won several events out back. Falladah in a chestnut horso by Butlor (sire of Buttons) from Roxonnn, and is six years old. Glenroy, at present in work nt Randwick, is not the chestnut gelding hailing from Singleton, but is a chestnut gelding formerly raced by Mr. W. Goddes, a popular Warinldn sportsman, a former resident of Maitlnnd. That Glonroy ia four years old nnd is by Guzo— Neck- lnoe, whilst tho Singleton Glonroy is by Titus, his dam being a pony maro. Tho Wnrialda Glenroy is the bettor horau over a distance, but tho other would probably beat him half a mile. Thero wan not muoh Bpeculation over forthcoming ovontB in Melbourne yeeturdny afternoon at tho Victorinn Club. MnHsinisfla was woll backed fcr the Caulfleld Cup at 7J to 1, and good support was accorded Cocoa nt 100 to G. Reka waa well backed at 100 to 8, and Catopaw wna written for a Bmoll amount nt 100 to G, which price was taken about Hymettus. Tho Chief nnd Tho Graftor figured at 100 to 7, but it only noodod a movo from tho right pnrtios to shorten tho price of one of them. Holster had bnokors at 100 to 5. In the evening, there was only a moderate attendance at tho club rooms, and businoBB was vory dull. An indication wns given that tho stable was anxious to support Tho Grafter, but not mote than JBICOO at 100 to 5 could boobtninod. Thomarketwasvoryinactive. Rekawns in request, nnd nbout jC2500 was aooured nt 100 to 8, nftor which 100 to 9 wns the best offer. Mischief was woll backed nt 100 to 3, about X3000 being written. Contrast receded to nn outside prico in consequence. MnsBiniasa would have boon bnoked nt 8 to 1, but tho best price available wns 7 to 1, Tho following prices woro on offer for tho Cnulfiold Cup :— 7 to 1 v. MnssinisBn, 100 to 9 v. Ri-kn, 100 to 6 v. Tbo Grafter, 100 to /- v. Hymettue and Gatspaw, 100 to 44 Tho Chief, 100 to 4, Tho Muskoteor, Holstor, ^Vait-a-bit, Cocos,1 Mischief, nnd Bunyan, 100 to 3 v. Murusa, Longford, Thunder Queen, Picture, Woodlnrk, Cnrbinoor, and Dovotod, 100 to 2J v. Robin Hood, 100 to 2 v. Prince Carbine, Trent, Aoton, April Fool, Rosolln, Majaatio, Australian, Superb, 100 to 1\ to 100 to 1 v. otbera. A programme appears in tho current isauo of the Mercury, which is worthy of morn general notioo than is .usually boBtowed on sports fixtures, for it is tho flrst bill of faro put forward by tho rooently formed Maitlnnd District Publio Schools Athletic AsBoointion, and therefore desorving of tho support and countenance of ovory roador who ia a fatbor in pro8pecf,o or in /nc£»— a happy torm which shows that I havo wended my way to nomo echolnatio establiBhment,good,bnd,orindiff«ronlj. Rospeotablo, antiquated, old Indies nnd gentlomon, with whom the ghostB of their youthful nnd deported glories uo longer wnllr, dip thoir pena in gnll and write or else utter words from tho biliousuess of their inward conciouonoa?, and imprest! on us thnt young Aus tralians devote altogether too much attention to sport, to the snenfico of th'oir futuro uiiofulnoaB in lifa or their (?t-;rnnl welfare; bnt ns nil work and no play wan conduoivo to tho dullness of little Jnok whon ho wns a Btnalt Ind in Eng land, hn ib unlikolv to imnrovo on similar treatment in tho colonion. The boy will con tinue to bo tho fnthor of tho futuro rawi, and so lot us, for (foodncan' Bake, atnrt with a healthy boy for n progonitorl Tho boy mUBt havo oxoraino and life in fcho open nir, and Bomeouo who know moro than you or I deolarod thoro wnn nover a sound mind without a sound body. Lot no, therefore, try to oultivatp thn body whilst wo arn harrowing the poor kid'a mind with obnoxious doooB of lourn ing. Anyhow, tbnt'a wbivt tbo Association nbovo alluded to in about, to attempt, and I nni nnxioua to nhflist. Tho HporcH mecsting will bo hold on Novembor 4, two excellent noorotaries hnvo bnon : found in MosnrB. T. J. Dnvis nnd Norman Peek, the proprnmmo is n divorsifled ono, and entries oIobo on tho 25th inntnnt. Thn forfeits for the Onulflold Cup yeatcrdny loft thirty-five hornnB in the lint, but I anppoBO that at least half . o dozoti horsns will drop mil; before tlio pigunl iioundo for tho nfini'inbly nt. tlio pout. Mr. Forrnntor baa left his pair, Tho Grnftor nnd Tho Ohii'f in, rather (i shook to Mioho Bimguino people who have beon regnrdtng Tho Chief nn tho oliOBon of thu otnbli! and n-'xfc door to n cortninty, for nl though I with othuifl think that tho olovor mnn from 'Warwick Farm will ovontunlly depend upon. Tbo Ohi«f tr- nut for him nt Cnulfiold wo hnvo no nbnoluti! knowlndRO. An impreBHlou oxiats thnt Tim Chief is not ft Btn.yor, whilnfc hifl (iucund to bin brofchor for tho lnnt Molbourno Cup in proof thar. tlio uisiiior in noo trouDica by n two ntiloa trip, but impressions nro oftnn wrong, nUn-printn in fact, nnd tho stable double may ho Tho Grnftor audnomothitiK quite difforont from filmfc li'j/fhly popular ono Tho Chief nnd GiMftnr. How 0V6r thin iu nil m«ro coirjucturo, nnd in any ciibo I am not in lovo trlfcli tho chosen of Warwick1 Fnrm for th« CnulCeld Cup. MriiwInidBaliiii) boon running, with nut.li oonHpiotioiiB conninfconoy Of Infe thnt tho dtontjy-brcd won of Splendor nnd Al|?orinn is do nor ving of nllroBppal;, nml if ankod tonttompfcto pick tho winner in onn I would nolflct tlio«liostiiut whoso defltlnioB wily Tkn Fdulshnm dlrooto. Ho may bo bcaton, bnfc can anyono point with ft Inrgo dogroo of couflclonco at ono likoly to bnal) him 9 _ How con aoived I know not, but therci in uu impression )Eoad in contain quarters thoi Piatnro will irlu tbe Cauhfied Cup, and I saw a telegraphic reply this morning from one of the principal Sydney pencillers quoting tho beautiful daughter of RuBBley and Queen's Head at 16 'to 1. When thoroughly «eaBoned bucIi a lovely mare should not bo out of plaoo in the most eelesc company in the laud, but I cannot conscientiously back ber for next Saturday. I will wait until sho IB fonr or five years old. Horsea thnt strike mo ob likely to produce tho winner are MasniniBRn, Reka. Manias, Bunyao, and I uuppoee the better of iorresters pair, but tho betting market may produce fresh developments during the ensuing few days. The following ie from the pon of Mr. A. E. F. Watson (' Rapier') nnd ehould bo read with interestns indicatingthe widely difii-rfint conditions in the training of English and Austrnlinn jockeys: Considerably over 3000 hore-!B run every year in England. The number in 1607 waa 3506, and almost all these horses have their own boys, who ride nt exorcise, and, ns tho phrnBO tjoes, ' do' them ; that is to suy, groom and attend to them in their stables. Nearly ull these boys nro nt any rate able to perform the elementary daty of Bitting tight on a thoroughbred horse— a wiry, eel-like animnl, given to nnticB which would be very liable frequently to displace an inexperienced rider. They constantly have opportunities of lenrning much about pace, nnd keen-eyed trainers are nlwnys on the alert to discover boys who show any renl skill in horsemanship. When Bug geBtions of ability ore perceived, the boy. is put up to ride trials, races on tho homo training ground from which, in tho ordinary course of events, he should learn much ; if no displays any promise, and his weight ib suitable, he ih tolerably sure to bo given a irount in public. Out -)f all this multi tude of boys, however, an extremely small percen tage over blosBom into jocksyB, nnd thnre are usually a scant half a dozen of fchoso ho far aboad of thoir compeerR that they practically cotntnnnd whnt terms thoy like. Ab much ns £5000 a year baa beon given for the first cull on n lending jockey-; for every race thin jockey rode hn would bis paid in tho ordinary course of events, in udditiou to bis retaining feo, throe gninouB for a losing mount, and fiv-J guineas for a win. Tho owner who hnd tho first call on him would of courao only utilise hia services on occasions ; nt many meet ings he would have no horses running, and that would leave the jockey free to nccept other mounts. As a mattor of fact, large sums are paid for second nnd third claims on a successful jockey. Ono of the lending horsemen now riding not long sines refused JJtGOO a year for a second claim. It will bo Been what handsome rewards nwnifc buccobb in this pro fession, nnd it mny nlao bo judged how rare is thfl combination of qualities which ensure it. A jookoy must havo in the first plnce n very accurate know ledge of pace j ho must know how fast his horse is going, bo that, though at times in front, ho may still be 'waiting;' he must also bo able to Bum up at a glance what tho other horaes in a race are doing, what, in faci, they havo left in them for the finish. Ho jmust have patience, and at tho Game time must rido with resolution, noting the psychological moment when his effor hns to be made. If ho waits too long he will bo beaten, and if ho comes too soon he may ex hnuBt his horse just beforo the post is reached. When if; is considered what success in a great race moans, tlio mero difference of- tho few inches, by which the horse just wina or juBt loBes, will be ap preciated ; races on tbo flat may be woith any sum from .€100, the smallest amount permitted,by the~ rule of racing, up to over .£10,000. In muny cases owners hnvo bets which nrnount to thousands more, an in addition to those thero ia tho enormously in croasod value of tho horso whioh has the reputation of having won a great race. Of bookmakers Mr, Watson writes :— Bookmakers are not seldom much maligned by their censors, clergymen, head masters, nnd other well-meaning but ignorant critics, of whom I destro to speak with all possible rospeot, bnt who certainly evolve from their own imagin ation the clnss of person they condemn, I am fur from ndviBing anyone to bet, for to do so habitually is inevitably to losoin tbo long rue. Year by year ono sees bockoro go under, while bookmakers con tinue to prosper. Usually tbofO men Btnrt life in very humble circumatanceB i but in spito of their oxoeoiingly boavy expenses, railway -journeys often at specially high fares, residence at tho beat hotels whon race prices nro charged, carriage hire, admis sion to onolosureB, and other daily disbursement*, thoy live luxuriously and make fortunes. Obviously their wealth oomps, in larger or Bmaller sums, out of tho pocketa of backers ; and the fact ia full of significance ? ? The Vagrant. 