trorat.TRT.Ti; BUKNHf€r ACGIDSNT A SYDNEY MAIN FMAJS O0J A HOT STEAM PIPE IN A BATH. 1 HIS FtrBSH ADHERED TO THE PIPE I/IKE A STEAK TO A PHYrNG PAX. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in. Pitt street, a Mr. Jarvis .had <the niisfoirrtune ito slip aw fail on the toot iratfit pipes, and nj-.fore ire could lie rescued die was scalded and burnt in a- 'temible way. The shock of the (burning and <the fall ■proved to foe veiy disastrous for Mr. Jar vis, and for a number of yeans after he mas a. otmfirsneti inmriad, suf fering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A. few months age, .however, rejwrte began <to be circulated in (the neighborhood that Mr. J arris was getting round | again, and that he had had » most marvellous ^recovery from -his apparent ly incurable malady. It was on ac coumt of these rumors Aiiait a special remoter from the Sydney "Worker" was despatched to get 'all Laforjjiaitioii regarding <the same, and one afternoon lie made Ms way to life house, 45 <Srown lane, Ultimo. Mr. TIios. Jarvis was discovered nursing a 'trwo-yeax-old l*ai»y, aimf his face declared Mm one of file happiest men in Sydney. He vras up and about, and aMe d» answer •the biock at the door. AlMSimugSi pale ana bearing stm a few mattes of a, critical illness and a jperaoa of pain, it was very clear that lie was an invalid no more. In reply d» Hie prc5iminary questions, •lie saidwant to know oil about my case ? W-efl, 1 am glad <of an opportunity to "fcell you. The fact® may foe of value to <those who are: stricken as I wafi.*" " H<rw long w«re yon suffering ?" 'Well, 4we3ve moatihs ago I got so; toad <Sia± I laud to leave off <woifc, and j I liave done <MxtMng since "Chen. Aiboot j fire veaxs a20 nest Christmas I met with an accident ■ I -was badly Scalded -while taking a (baffli Jm Pitt Street Syd ney. Since "die accident -I have been in failing Jieailii, and after four years , of giadnM developieat of like anatafly J 1 was forced to give up my "billet at the -GleSbe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribaWe. The pains •wiere some tiring tensSble. They were just aljtmt as -much as I ooufld bear. They were for all ttlie •worldlike as If a saw were cutting my (bones in two in every part of me. I liad no control over my (bowels or bladder, and: was a nuisance to ■ myself and everyone «3se. ■1 -was incessantly sShiv-ertmg amid shak ing, and could raeitfier eat aor sieep. On the 23rd1 March last I saw a wcffl known doctor, and'he d*M me (that my case was utterly hopeless. However, lie gave me an order (to the Director of CharitntMe lustiiai fcions." " Did you .make mse of 4ihe_«rder T* " No, I came home and went to bed, and have beem (pretty well In tbed ever i since. Five weeks ago I could aoit, walk across She floor-; in fact. I eoald -not get <wit of toed. T felt jEhen <that It was all over traSh me, and otily a ques tfion of dayfe whea l wotild give op the ghost. My doctor "was attending me, and did ail to could, (by opium and ■morpliia polls, <to ease ihe assmy I was in. I was under Mm ®or five or six weeks. He came itm <tSie ■ewnclnsioii. that I was snff«rinjr Trom locomotor ataxia, or progressive 3oofflmtwxw srtaxy, a disease of 41ie spinal <sbord. charac terised by peculiar dasburibanees of jja.it. and difficulty In oo-orflinailing vo luntary movements. "He 4x>Jd me itihat I might last for -ben years, and <that 1 migiw never get -ffcc nse- of any legs. (Just *fcheti the patient kicked Ms legs about with energy 4» s1w>w that -medi cal opinion is not infallible.) Well, 'just, as a drowning man *nraSi grasp at a straw, I grasped asb an' idea convey ed by the adTOrttsement describing the cure effected Id -the case of smoth er boiler-maker in England, yrbidb 1 read in the "Australian "Wockjoan," by Dr W illiams' Pink: Kite forRaie Peo ple. -I nead. in -Che advertisement of a. case which seemed -to fit my own, 1 determined to give the gilts a trial aiijway, and semt for a. box. Tbe effect was as marve&aiie; as It was magical. I was able to eait and sleep as though nothing was 4fhe malter -wdtli me. It was the first appetite eiiid rest X 'had! for many a day. lit was m orediMle. 1 immediately^ lef t -the bed and was able to move about. Son see those crutrties There? They are | perfectly new, and I shave never need tluam. Ihfijr were -made for me before I gat Dr. Williams'' Pint PRls, but I •was too weak to use >rhem, and oiow I don't Tvani-thenar" "He as 100 per cent. t>e<tter,~ fiaid Mrs. .TarvLs. jrho Jiad come in and la- j ten the ba by on her knees. The ^r. Wi'-Mams* Pinfc Pills few Pale People tare saved 'his life, and made anoth er of him."" A friend who called in at this point said -that Jarrts looked <ben yearr younger that day tihati be did a fort-; nSg-hrt: previons. "I can" now." confirmed - Jarrls. i ' jiave a cold baitibi, all tbe ieeUog lias come 9>ack into my legs. I ascribe all -Che change and foenefrt <to Dr. Will iams' Pink PiUs. They hate saved my life. I cum in do pain "now, w3ia/fc ever, and fed like a - new man. On the man/filepiece s0ueaa» is a box of opi um and njuripQjaa, <pill£ which the doc tor gave ane (to -deadten the •excrucia ting pain. Silt "they jean' stay where they are, for I no longer meed them, ^rcrylwdy -who fcrioiws me iias t>een amazed art: ta» dhange in one. They i cam "hardly believe their eyes. <My being aflrouit again has -caused quite a; ' sensation out !here." Such ds this remarkable (history, laodt it confirms wDxat is said in1 all <fihe <?h4ef -newspapers of <ttus wuiiCry of ] thfe astaaSshmg -ewes •wwwigWt toy Dr. l^iSiams' Plni PHls for Pale People. - 1Sney cure locomotor aitaxy, partiaJ flKLtalysfe, and spinal disease, also the jnaiay disorders which arise from tan impoverished state of tine "Moo®, such, as anaemia, pale and: eaHow complex Sort, general nmscriar "weakness, 1nc di.sestion, ioss <rf «J>pc4ite, Shortness of (breath, pains ra €he back, mervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M^Growea, leader «£ «je liaibor pasty in ifitoe iNew South Wales Legislative AssemWy. was seen toy our reporter 5m oo-rniection *witih the re markatble case of Tfaomas Jarvis.. Mr. McGowen says Sue -"has known Jarvis from inCaracy. He also knew "fchaft lie l>.ad to siv« 'up ills woife at Glebe Is land alWtoIrs (twelve -momtSie ago, <w ing *» a malady 'wtiich the developed. He afterwards iheawi fiha£ Jarvis -was bed-^ridden, and that there' -was litfclfe chance of Ms recovery. He under stood Jarvis vss refused admission to Sydaey Hospital, <as his case had' freed pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowesi was, therefore, like everyone else wlio knew Che facte, astounded eut tiie com plete recovery of Jarvis. Those wotadertnl polls are oibtaM-. able from leading <fliemisfcs, osr .from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Dar ragii's Biddings, Qoeen Street, Bris bane, Tv3k> will tor ward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or gvost oriler, onte box for 2s 9d.,. .or half a dozen for j ^5s 3fi. See ttiast the genuine Dr. Wil liams'' are gotten. 