DREAMS THAT CAME TRUE. HOW MTJBDEREBS WERE TRACKED. | Strange as ib may now appear, it if nevertheless a face that in tho past dreamd. signs, and portents played no inconsider able pait in our law coutta, and tho reports of the sixteenth and seventeenth centurics ure brimful of references thereto. In con nection with dreams, perhaps one of the most remarkablo trials, certainly of Inter days, was that in connection with the slay ing of Maria Martin, or the murder of tho Red Barn, in which the murderer wae dis covered wholly and solely through the means of information gained through a droam. The victim of the murder was the daughter of a mole catcher, who possessed far more beauty and education thun young women of her class. Needless to say slie was the cause of much jou lousy, and among her lovers was a rich young man named John (.'order, by whom she was seduced and than abandoned. In turn, William Cordor, John's brother, appeared upon the scene, and under promise of marriage Maria was again betrayed ; and afterwards finding that aha was to become a mother, she prayed her botrayer to carry out his promise. This, however, was not to the tasto of William Cordor, who, under promise ot a secret marriage, made arrangements with the girl to meet him at) a red barn on his mother's farm, whence they would leave for a neighbouring town and get married, i The girl met him as arranged, when be shot and buried her beneath the flooring of the barn. William Corder then disappeared, and returning after a few days, told Mr. and Mrs. Martin that the marriage hud taken place, and that their daughter was living at Ipswich. Some months elapsed, the burn wherein the body was buried was filled with corn, and as no tidings came from the young woman, Corder gave as a reason that she had hurt her right hand, and therefore could not write to her parents, shortly after which Corder loft the neighbourhood. Some time later, Mrs. Martin dreamed that her daughter had been murdered by Corder and buried in the barn, and so frequently was the dreain re peated that in the end tho woman per suaded her husband to get the grain re moved, and to dig at the spot indicated in the dream, which he did, when the body was immediately discovered and indent! fio;). Suspicion naturally pointing to Cor der, ho was traced to London, where he was found married to a schoolmistress, on whose earnings ho was living. He W«b arrested, found guilty, and duly executed, the meting out of justice in this instance being entirely due to a dream. DREAM EVIDENCE. Harking back somewhat tve Hod that in 1751 an Irish murderer waB convicted largely upon dream evidence. One Rogers, a Waterford publican, dreamed that he saw a man murder another in a particular green spot on the summit of a neighbour ing mountain. On the following day ho described both men he had seen in his dream with perfect accuracy, which he did to many ol his companions. One of the men waa exceptionally strong ; the other, who committed tlia crime, was weak and small. Rogers at length prevailed upon the parish priest to accompany him to the spot, which wub easily found, but which bore no traces of a death struggle. On the follow ing day, however, two men entered the publichouse whose appearance tallied exactly with those in the dream vision When they rose to leave Rogers begged the one whom he expected to be murdered to remain, but unavailingly. After the man had left he nearly fainted from fright, and in tho end persuaded a neighbour to ac company him to the green spot on the hill, where, sure enough, the tragedy of the dream had boen enacted in real life. The murderer was tracked and captured and Rogers was the principal witness against him. His description of his droam was so vivid that the prisoner immediately ac knowledged his guilt, and stated that he killed his companion with eight stabs, ex actiy as pictured in the dream. In 1810, at Frankfort, in Germany, a woman named Kraeme made application to a local judge to be sworn, as she had some information bo impart relating to a murder committed in a romoto village in Russia, many days'journey from her German dumi cile. Her story ran thus :-Ten years be fore her only son left home. She heard nothing of him, and hud no idea at all where he was living until the nighb before when his spiritappeared to her and told her what she now hastened to relate. The revelation was that after leaving home the young man had wandered about Europe till he had finally found work in the village of Klaf in Russia. Here he had fallen in love with a serf's daughter who had a Russian beau. On the preceding night this latter had inveigled the young Teuton into tho country, where he had stabbed him, and then concealed the body in u cave off the highway. The Judge was so impressed with the description that ho forwarded it to a notary in Klaf. In the meantime Karl Kraeme had been missed, and on receipt of the dream story the police searched for the cave, found it exactly located as described, and also found the body with a wound corresponding with that detailed in the vision. The murderer was at once arrested, and the widow Kraeme undertook the long journey to avenge her son's death. Her recital in court was vivid in the extreme, and she screamed with fright when she first saw the prisoner, whom she picked out from a crowd of men in a dimly lighted cell She also identified tho woman who was the cause of tho trouble. INDIAN VISIONS. Touching haunted houses, we may re call an incident familiar enough at he be ginning of the century, when " The Memoirs of a Thug " was in everybody's hands, but remembered by few probably at this date. Major General Sleeman, captain at' that time, was travelling up country with his wife. He encamped in a pretty P.rove of mangos near Sangor. At mid night Mrs. Sleeman awoke screaming. In a dream she iaw scores of naked corpses rioe from the earth at the bedside. Her husband calmed her, and she slept again ; but the dream returned and so painfully was she agitated that it became necessary to Btrike the camp a little after midnight, Captain Sleeman reported this incident to Meadows Taylor, who was then directing his famous campaign against the Thugs. He questioned one of the approvers,who recog. nised the description of the mango tope near Sangoi, at once Several victims had been buried there. Taylor had the ground dug, and thoy turned up, if wo remembor rightly, the bones of seventeen persona. This is one of the boat ghost stories extant, because indubitably authentic. At the ? mime time it is easily explained. Mrs. j Slcenmn had been hearing the frightful evidence published from day to day at that time, when the Thugs Imd just been discovered. She knew that they habit uully buried their victims in groves, and that night she chancel to ba in the nervous con dition when waking thoughts take shupo as dreams. The famous regiment once known as the 74th Highlanders has a legend handed down far three generations at least. A captain, whose name escapes us, was writ ing in his tent at Sholapore, when a young soldier in hospital garb entered. " Pleuse, sir, I wish to have ray arrears sent to my mother. Will you kindly take down the address?" The officer did so without thinking ; when he looked up the visitor was gone. Then it struck him that this was very irregular. He culled the ser geant, who informed him that the young man in question had died in hospital the day before, leaving an unusual sum of money, and thul the address of his friends could not be discovered. It is alleged that u report of these facta, drawn up there and I then, still exists. 