CHILDREN'S COLUMN. (BT "ATJNT MART.") Any contributions sent for this part of tbe paper should be written on one side of the paper only and should be addressed : "Aunt Mary, "WESTERN MAXI. Office, St George's-terrace, Perth." MT DEAR CHIM>B,EN, The following original tale has been sent to nie by quite a young girl, and, although drawn on the lines of the orthodox fairytales, it shows great promise. Her i descriptions of scenery are very graphic, and I should like to see her attempt a talo into which glimpses of our own beautiful landscapes are introduced. I hope to hear from her again soon. If the scene of her story is laid in a West Australian town- ship, and wa are introduced to gum trees, I and hills, blackboys, and such like, so much the better. It is always best to aim at a certain amount of originality in writ- ing of any sort. Australian scenery i would be a decided innovation in the I realms of fairy land, bat I de not see-why a fahy should not find just as comfortable j a home in a white gum tree as in an oak. PAT'S QUEER DREAM. I (BY MUBIEL CüABKSON.) It had been very warm all the -morning, and now-the early afternoon sun crept ' in between the leaves of the jasmine and honeysuckle and made little patches of golden light on the verandah boards. Such a wide cool verandah it was, with lounges and chairs scattered about every- where, and through the luxuriant creepers climbing the posts one bad a glimpse over the brilliant flower beds, where scarlet poppies and cornflowers predominated, to where a range of hills rose, bluo and misty, in the distance. Up one end, and lying in a hammock slung cornerwise, looking very comfortable, was a beautiful lady of thirty or so, who was engaged in reading a novel. Down the other end a little girl was seated on a sofa, blowing bubbles with a new clay pipe ¿ad a dish of soapy water. This was Fay. She was rather email for her 9 years, with a bright vivacious face, dark curly hair, and a thorough belief in fairies, sprites, and such like in her soul. Mr. Beaufort's beautiful country house was three miles from the nearest town, and Fay was an only child; consequently she had no playmates of her own age-indeed, she never wanted any, for given a book of her favourite tales, even though she knew> them by heart, they would keep her quiet when other children would be in a fit of fidgets. *" - When once -she had read a'-story she ' could repeat it almost word for word, and had the names of the various princes, prin- cesses, magicians, etc., in Hans Andersen's and Grimm's fairy tales at her finger tips. This afternoon she was blowing bubbles, and making believe that they were fairy cars. When she looked up soon after, ber mother was fast asleep, and the novel was face downwards on the floor ; so she resolved to follow the very good example as soon as sho had blown a few more cars. " This one," she said aloud, " will be a wicked old fairy's, so I must make it very big. I can't tell you why it should have exceeded the ethers in size for I don't know myself." She began to blow very steadily, then stopped in surprise for the bubble had grown so very big that it quite filled the verandah ! "Whatever is the matter with me?" she said, rubbing her eyes and gazing again r Then she gave a little gasp, and stepped back a pace. Fer a tiny elf, dressed in a pink velvet suit waa standing before her, cap in hand, , and making a very low bow. ; « The' Fairy Queen has sent me," he said, " to take you to cloudland and show' ! you a few of our wonderful living pictures ; perhaps yon have heard of them ?" "N^o-o-e^ I-I can't say I have," Fay murmured; rather taken aback. ." But I should love to ge-if- yon will bring me back safely," doubtfully. -'.'Oh, I'll de that right enough," he answered cheerfully. " Allow me !" He took her by the band and helped her into tiie interior of the bubble, which was fur- nished as a dainty drawing-room ; then with a swift, upward movement they shot ont into the gladening sunshine.. It was « most delightful drive," and Mr. Pegs (he told her that was his name), told Fay all about the wonderful Dreamland Fairyland, and other equally wonderful lands,, and explained all about the V living pictures," so the time passed very quickly and pleasantly. Then suddenly the bubble burst, just as she had watched them do so many times in the verandah, and they dropped on to the land of a new country. "Such a queer country !" The ground was all white, just as though frozen, and all around, and over them stretched clouds of mists through which a few-a very few-trees loomed up, looking like shadowy ghosts. "Ugh! how. horrid," cried Fay, for the mists were so thick that she could scarcely see Mr. Pegs. "I don't like Cloudland at allif thisisit!" The little elf laughed heartily, as though it was a fine-joke. "I should think hot," he exclaimed. "Now give" me your hand-so j now we will'see the first picture." Fay stared with all her might into the gloom ; then suddenly the scene was changed. They were standing in a wood, where the branches of the huge trees interlaced overhead and almost shut out the blue sky, while underneath the grass and flowers flourished luxuriantly. And before them rose a great castle, clothed' from top to bottom with green ivy, and surrounded by a court-yard paved with huge stones. It looked a desolate place, and although nota single «art was ont of repair, they knew it was uninhabited ; for the flower beds were a wilderness, and the marble steps almost overgrown with moss and lichens. There was a knocker on the front door, shaped like a woman's head, but Mr. Pegs did not trouble to use it-he marched boldly in and Pay followed. The hall was very long and wide and furnished richly; numberless doors led into it, hung with curtains of finest silk, and the walls were adorned with trophies of the chase. And the funny part of it was that everything was in perfect order, although the castle seemed deserted. The elf took Pay's hand in his te re- assure her, and led her up the stairs, wide enough for six to walk abreast, and then into a long corridor, where again number- less deors opened into it. He threw open the first door, and then entered a bed- room, furnished luxuriously. Tbe little girl stared in astonishment at the beautiful things around, then gave a little start and cry as her eyes fell on two motionless figures near her. One was a very young and beautiful girl, with dazzling complexion, who sat on the edge of the bed, in the very act of putting on a little, bejewelled, bronze shoe, with her golden hair falling in riotous waves te her knees, while her wrists and neck gleamed with jewels. The other was older, and as dark almost as the former was fair. She stood before a huge mirror, with a smile in her brilliant eyes, and curving her full, red lips as she wound a great string of pearls round her hair, which was piled in dusky masses on nf har head. I Fay went up and touched the fair one's cheek ; it was cold as ice, though it still retained the glow of health. "Oh, what does it mean ?" she gasped, running hack to Mr. Pegs. "Why are thoäe two lovely girls so cold and still? They can't be dead. L»ok hew that one smiles !" He said :-" A long, long time ago this castle stood as you see it now in your world, and the owner was a rich and powerful king; but he was also a cruel and proud man, and offended the fairies so much in many things that they agreed to Eunish him. They warned him twice, but e disregarded tho warning, and one night as they were preparing for a grand feast they doomed bim and all bis people to be turned to statues. These two girls are his daughters, and, as you see, they are dressing themselves for the entertain- ment. Now, come - with me, and I will show you the rest." And for days after this Fay was haunts d by a pair of violet eyes, with a sad, pathetic look in them, and a string of pearls gleam- ing amid dusky tresses of hair, and she was certain that as they left the room the dark eyes reflected tears, tears for the sad fate of two of the most beautiful creatures in cloudland. * ' : She followed her guide along the cor- ridor, where their footsteps made strange echoes, and poBped hastily into each room. Everywhere the same strange scene ap- peared, beautifully dressed figures of what had once been living people, and were now cold, marble statues ! It was very weird altogether, especially as night came on, and dark purple shadows hung over the castle, while hardly a sound broke the silence. "Just one more place to see," whispered Mr. Pegs. "This way." Ho drew her down a dark, narrow stairway, and along another corridor; then they entered a huge church. Two solitary lamps hung from the rafters, but their sickly light only served to make the surrounding gloom more dense.. Then suddenly a wild burst of music pealed out from the dark- ness, hung quivering on one note, and then began "The Dead March in Saul." At the same moment a door opened, and a pro- cession of monks entered, chanting some melancholy dirge and bearing a bier, on which lay something covered. Down the aisle they came-about fifty of them-and laid their burden down in front of the startled Fay. "Take off the cloth," said one in a voice that sounded hollow and very far away, and the little girl wonderingly obeyed. She was very .nervous and trembled hérribly, and then, ; as she saw the dead f ace of a dark little girl-herself, to wit-^with' closed eyes and ; folded hands, she uttered a shriek and fell senseless at the elf's feet. * * ' * * * When Fay came to her senses they were in Cloudland again, and the elf was lean- ing over her with the faintest suspicion of a smile on his little, queer face. " Whatever frightened you so?" he in- quired, "you know I told you it is all pictures, not real." Fay sat up and pushed her hair from her face. " I think it was horrid," she said ; " that mouldy old castle and those doad girls ; how pretty the young one was *. And then that awful gloomy church and those monks -ugh!" " Then I'll show you something pretty this time," said Mr, Pegs, "and then we must go home. Now !" He pulled a little magic tassel on his velvet cap, and once more the misty land vanished. They were standing on a hill, and all around them were great mountains, tower ing to the sky, their peaks crowned with eternal snows. The rising son spread a rosy tint over all, and turned the clouds into naming Ted and gold, while on the further sids tender violet shadows spread to the great pine forests at the base, where they made a hand of dense green almost impassable. The rock en which "they stood overhung j a waterfall, and below them the great stream gushed over a number of rocky ledges, and then babbled musically on its' way to the river, and thence to the sea. Foy almost held her breath as she gazed at the wonderful scene, and then, as she looked down to the sparkling water, she saw a cluster of delicate ferns not very far below, such ferns as surely no one else had ever seen. . "Oh, I must take those te mother," she cried "They will be beautiful for ber to wear at (he ball." « Shall I help you ?" ashed Mr. Pegs. "Oh, no, thanks.. I can get them my- self," she returned, and then .flitted round the rock and began scrambling along the ledge. Then suddenly the whole thing seemed slipping over in a.most remarkable ?way; she screamed as she felt herself going down, down, then the roaring waters engulfed her and all was a blank. The bees were still droning over the poppy beds, and the sun still shone on to the verandah; and even Mrs. Beaufort was sound asleep in her hammock, and the novel on the ground ai before. But Pay waa sitting on the boards with a pillow clasped in her arms, and all around her a swamp of ssapy water, with an over- turned dish and broken clay pipe in its midst. She got up slowly and looked around ; then burst out-" Why, I must have been dreaming all the time ! " "Did you speak to me Fay ? " asked her mother, turning over lazyily. " Oh yon naughty child, just look at tho state the verandah is in ! Get à cloth and wipe it up, there's a dirty duster in the rag-bag." Pay went in and then returned with the ^ duster and began sopping it up. During the operation she told her mother the queer dream she had had. j " And the dark girl," she said eagerly " now I come to think of it was just like you mamma, when you were dressing for the race ball !" - . ~ But though Fay told everyone about her dream, I don't think she was quito assured in her own mind that it was one; in fact I am almost sure that she thought she had visited cloudland and seen toe wonderful enchanted castle. But then she was only, nine years old, and as I said before thorougly believed ip ! fairies sprites. 