On Songs of the Sea. When a landsman starts writing nautical songs and poetry the poor fel low, means no harm ; but probably he is not actuated by the patriotic purpose of warning the public to' take stock of his , mental condition, which his friends, no doubt, are already aware of, and there is no reason why their feelings should be hurt still further bV the fact being in; everybody's mouth. / They should there fore always see. to it that he writes these things anonymously, for out of the length and breadth and depth of his ignorance he supplies large chunks of astonishing: information which, if. published . with; name and address attached, . would at once lead to a visit from the police— if | the latter were not landlubbers them- ? selves. : in a year long gone by, all the young; men round about where' I lived were, taken - with an epidemic which caused! them to, stand up in drawingrooms, or on nlatforms. .and warble— The sails are' set, the wind blows free, ' A' pleasant gale is on our lee^ : I used to suggest as an amendment— The sails are set, the sea is wide, ; ; , . The sun is on the shady Bide, . j but they' didn't seem able to grasp the idea.-' '' :' , ? /. '/ ' ' ' ;'.?/' ; They used also' to sing what, was .then J I a new . .song and considered something j I very fine and pathetic. It is popular; still,- though even a landsman ought, to ; know better. One verse goes thus ' ! Said a feeble lad to his anxious mother, ' I must cross the wide, wide sea, .' , J | i-or they say percnance m a ioreign ciunate . , , - There is health and strength for me,' 'Twas a gleam of hope in, a maze of danger, And her heart for her youngest yearned, But she sent him forth with a smile and a. blessing ; On the ship that never returned. '? 33id she ever return ? No, she never returned ; / Her fate is yet unlearned, : And from day to day -there were fond hearts ; watching ??-' ;/??? ;/M'., ? Por the ship that never returned. r ' / _ .? //','' . Now who would have thought that:the friends of a young man who went to settle abroad for the benefit of his health would have expected him to come back with the ship that took him out, instead of going ashore ? And not the ghost of a; hint is dropped that she did'nt get there —only that she didn't get back again* But these obscure song- writers are not the only'people to pernetrate such bungles. I Tennyson made as awful a mess as any of them.' I saw a' poem of his reproduced in the Coast Seamen's ? Journal, and it wasn't put in the comic column either.; . ' Sunset and evening star, ? ? And one clear call for me, And may there be no moaning on the bar ; When I put out to sea. ' ' Bat such a tide as moving seems asleep, , Too full for sound or foam, When that which drew from out the boundless deep Turns again home. 'Twilight and evening bell, ........ , And after that the dark. . , ., And may there be no sadness of farewell When I embark. , «i ,' For though from out our bourne of Time and Place - The flood may bear me far, , ? ' I hope to see my pilot face to face Whon I have crossed the bar.' I dropped to the first verse all right. Nice night— keep up the; fun ashore till someone sings out, ' Now, then hurry up or you'll be left !'— and hops to goodness none of the chaps in the pub. to see me off will get maudlin/drunk./ 'it is certainly disagreeable when the beer makes them weep over a fellow. But the last verse is a. rto.ro.lxrc av i A linnvno io n v\1nAA ^1!' mi wwwiuw AC CU jJlOJUO Ui destination, and poor Tennyson seems tb be afraid that when he gets where he is ' going to, he will be washed away. But he is, comforted by the hope that mean while, as soon as his ship has got safely past the shallows at the mouth of the harbor, he will be met by ' a pilot, pre sumably to assist, the vessel in the intricate navigation of the open ocean. Or is there another bar at the harbor he ' is making for, and is he hoping to get 1 inside iust before the 'tu^ mmfla alnncr # . ~ . ? . ? O so as to have , the pleasure of watch ing the pilot's face on learning that it is too late to earn any fees ? Or does he know that the pilot at the port of destination is a scorner of poetry, and hope that when this big flood comes ialong over the town and sweeps him out to sea, he will have the grim satisfaction of finding that , pilot drowning in front of him, half a mile or so away from the shore? M.D.M.* 