Answers to Corres- i Dondents By ' Gossip.' lit in not always poislble to amv«r communication under this heading is the iasne following receipt and sometimes sereral lseuei appear before we are able to do bo.] S.W.R. — Have sent the shearing; agreements. I mast have been in your house when that letter wa8 sent. I seem to be getting acquainted in the buBh all right, don't 1 1 W.H. — Did you get the letter T addressed to you at Muswellbrook ? I was going to the show there, and I knew you lived up the Hunter some I wrote and told you I was coming. I'm an awfully clever fellow ! If there's the ghost of a chance to make a mistake you can depend ou me all the time. Never mind, the bush b--ars with me. We sent the pens. Thanks. J.B.M. — We've sent you the ' Farmers' and Fruitgrowers' Guide.' It's a real daisy of a book. Don't you go and Bend the 2d that was short now! It is Is the book, and 8d for postage. Keep that till some other time. T.W., Sen. — Thanks for your cheque. We've made it pay till the end of 1899, and cut out the balance in notepaper and envelopes. Your wife is a sensible woman, and I hope ron'll give her my compliments and ;ind regards. I'm glad she likes ? Gossip,' for I'm realising myself ;hat it's doing a lot of good, and I'm aleased therewith. The initials to the postcript are 'E.W.B.,' and it 3et me to wondering. T.N. — The Post Office peoples seem to me to act as fairly as they know bow, and the Department is run on real good lines. I'm glad you're pleased. We'll make the jdhange. About the paper : You don't owe nobody '?nothink.' In two months from now we leave the Agents, and go on our own, a free paper, price 8s 6d per annum. You can chip in from that date, bub you don't owe as any thing for the past, except goodwill. My desire to make remarks here, almoEt overcomes the desire, I've got to be brief. But we'll send you word soon as to how matters stand. E.C.P.— Thanks for your 12s lOd. I'm glad yonr country looks well. There's lots in New South Wales that give me the hump. I'm a real hopeful chap, and I wanted to believe that the drought was broken up, but the sight of some of our drought stricken land fills me with woe. I'd like to have a yarn with v^u, but it seems to me that everybody reads these replies, and you can't say what you'd like to. Good luck to you, anyhow. Jack. — It's evident from the date of your letter that it's been lying at the office for some time. It's a good idea to s-kip out, for you're young, and its good to go on your own. It de velopes self reliance, and a good many other virtues, though, at times, it de velopes vices as well. There are a good many ' Jays ' in this world, and some of them live in Australia. Never mind, they serve a »ood purpose, for when you do get clear of them, you kuow when you're well off. A.H. — We sent two each of the papers with the comments ou the death of Mr. Richards in them. I'm sorry we've got none of those with the cartoon about thn Homebush yards in it. Perhaps some of our readers may be aljle to let you have one 1 If we can get one or two, we'll send them along. AJ.G. — We've put your orders in hand, and hope you'll get the things alright. It takes a long time to con vince our readers tha1 we do all kinds of printing, Ijou'a binding, lithography and stationery business. Lots of people think that the ' Stock Journal ' is a little concern d wn a back street, iu a cellar ; but bless your heart, we've got the biggest printing business in Sydney. I don't think there is 11 jrintcr's shop in the colony that employs as many hands as we do, I'm going to begin to invite the busbies to come and look over our shop. It's worth it, my word. I never set out to blow our trumpet much, but it looks as if I'd have to do it all the timo in order to get people to understand our status. Wm. Brooks & Co. are great printers ! Jumping the subject. Your brother gave men tipaboutinoculating for tick fever, which led to very important results. That was before we had taken to the idea at all. He may have the tick fever himself, but he's got brains too. I'll be glad to run across him. R T.K. — That weed ! I sent it to to the department, and here's the roply. '? The plant belongs to the ZygopylhiT and ite name is Tribu his tcrreetris. It is a native plant, and its fruits get entangled in the feet and wool of sheep aud so dis tributed. It is a worthless weed, though not poisonous.' That sounds as if its name meant ' earthly tri bulation,' doesn't it ? That almost agrees with your own account of it. and I'd like to figure it out, and tell all I know about it, but I'll have to leave it alone for just now. H. — Your letter fills me up with a kind of unholy joy. I'm better off □or you, old man ! It is a comforb to bhink of somebody -that's worse off than yourself, isn't it 1 ' We've lost three calves this spring, but, thank God, the woman over the hill haB lost five.' Amen ! When I get an anonymous letter, or a post card, or vrhen some fellow rips me up for saying what I think, I feel worried a bit, but when I think of men like you, why, God love you, my wrath passes away like a sun cloud from a hill-side on a windy day. I've had two or three jobs that would have suited you, so just send me an application stating qualifications, and I'll send it on to a chap, with my own remarks. Don't leave till you get another billet, re member Ingoldsby Legends — 'Another sound maxim I'd wish you to keep, Ib, mind what you're after, and — look ere you leap.' I re^d your lebter to the wife, and you can bet on having another sym pathiser. Our friend is having a bad time. We haven't seen him for ever so lung. M.J.C.T. — The working expenses of your Boaid may be very small, but not tuts way you put it. To spend £530 for scalps and £130 in ' working expenses ' Bounds a bit high. What we need is that the balance-sheets of the Boards shall be published where the contributors can make comparisons. That's all. If we could afford to publish them for nothing we would, but we're not running this paper for philanthropy. There's no good done for nothing. Bui we'll publish them all some day, just the same. E.H.O.— I'll be glad to do what I can in that direction. I had forgotten all about you being there. Then; were a fearful lot of applicants for that job. aud I'm afraid it's all settled. Expohtkk. — Thanks for that title. I'll see the Department this week, and there will be fun about it. because that receipt is clear aud unmistakc able. That telegram is mysterious. I can't make head nor tail of it. An explanation will come along some day I suppose. Perhaps it was a ' joke 1 ' There's always some fellow trying to get the loan of me. We'll put that gentleman's name on our list of sub scribers. Thanks. Swingeu. — Your letter just shows how the spirit of the country is moving. There has only been u lack of an organising centre. Tho men on the land are not fools. They have as much savee to the ton as town men, but they have had no chance to organise. But it's coming all right I It's slow business, of course, bub it's sure. Our paper will get ' boy cotted ' by Bome people for taking the part of the man on the land, but wo expected that, and we just depend on our friends. We want them all to do na you do, and sro that the advertisers pai.roniso us. Patronise tho people who advertise with us. That's where our safety must come. We've given up £650 h year so as to be free to carry out our big organising scheme, aud we're depending on you. That's clear ! I agree with you, that ' the great slumbering power is slowly awakening,' and it) will be a surprise to lotn of people when ib does. Bub isn't it odd that tho n.en who have no power in the land are the producors ? If you'd sent the date of thab meeting I'd have tried to come, for a fow hundred miles aro nothing to a mis pi'inary. Howevrr, I'll write you to night and give you the facts. PlUVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. — You havn't sent a pen name, and I can't nflord to write to you, but I'm obliged for your letter. It's this way ; I only kuow ono aide of a question, and I want to do tho square thing, and if T wait till I kuow all about it I'll never say anything. In a newspaper office you've got to chance a lot and get into rows, and have fellows swear at you, and things like that). If a paper never 1 gets into a row it never does any good, j Judged by that standard, tho ' Stock Journal is doing a tremendous amounb of good. I'm away 11 lot preaching the now gospel to the bush, and I've got to leave a lot of things to my colleague, and ib takes a man a long time to learn the ins and outs of our business. I see you give mo credit for doing what has been done, with the best motives, and I thank you for bhab. I won'b say anything in print, but I'll keep my eyes open. I'll be glad to see you when you come to Down. E.M. — Your letter makes me feel my utter helplesness. I couldn't re commend you for a housekeeper on a 3tation, because I don't know you, and you'd need a strong recommendation with three children of 20, 12 and 5. Yet I realise that you need a position very badly, and a widow's case like youra deserve the largest sympathy, but I'm utterly helpless in the mat ter, hard and all though ib is to say ic. P.V.H —Your letter and teati monials to hand. I'd like bo do the square thing by you, but I can't re commend a man I never saw, can 1 1 Your testimonials are splendid, bub I can't go by them. We're nob a 'labor agency ' or anything like thab. If I know a good man who wants a job, and a good boss (or even a boss) who want's a man, I'm willing to introduce them, but I want to geb a good character in the bush for reliability. I couldn't do thab if I recommend men I'd never seen. I'll keep the copies of your references, and if you advertise I'll show them to any body thab enquires, but that's all that I can do. S. — Your letter aboub the Experi mental Farm is just in line with the one we published from Mr. Halloran, of Wagga. I have visited the Hawkes bury College and the Wagga Farm, and believe thab the experimental idea is a good and necessary one. As stated in a previous issue, this paper is a friend to the system, and 'Observer's' letter was published because we are friends to the system But as an old newspaper man, I'vo had much to de with questions of prison labour and Government com petition with unsubsidised labour. It is a big question, a sore question, and I'd heard a good deal about it) before I read ' Observer's ' letter. Far better thab the discussion should take place in our columns than in those of an unfriendly critic. I'm willing to take the blaiuo for bringing the mat ter before tho public. Thanks for your communication. 