SOLDIEJIJS OF THE PEK Tuesday, Jtme 7. Dear Rjldierft— You will l-o gratified to observe that 1 have, received another letter Irom my Indian soldier, which 1 think worthy of special prominence. It contains, as you will sec, ft vivid description of a battle at first hand, and your regret will be the same as mine, that tl:o account is not longer. 1, P.uvatti villas, Poona, Deccan, India, May 13. Dear General— Sinco writing last 1 have had the pleasure of meeting in person my frontier correspondent, and hearing from his own lips a thrilling detailed and vivid account ' of the frontier wara. To depict some of the Bceues described by him would be im possible. Those gifted with imaginative powers and creative faculties may be able to conjure up for themselves scmo such scene, but to fully comprehend and to clearly undor Btand the real power of the thing you must be present, and a participator in it all. Lying all round were huge, massive, cold, sleoly rocks, between which ran narrow passes, choked with thorny brushwood and loose stones, and through these passes our troops had to wind their toilsome way, till an open space in the centre in which au enclosure of rough Btoiws, called zcreba, was reached, where the chief battle took place. The Afridis and other tribes having the advantage of position and knowledge of the locality (to whom I suppose every treo, stone, and rock was familiar, who could possibly track their way blind folded through every winding, narrow path, for miles around) eoou showed that they means to retain their hold of the defence. My in formant, (ipeakiug of tho fighting, said the curious weapons and mode of using them by tho Afridis wore, exceedingly funny, though in eoine cases exceedingly sad in the results, which wore disastrous to our wounded. Some of the guns u?-.'d inutt necessarily have been of a very aneient iwikp, for the tremendous noise made in tiring was truly alarming. The Afridis besides being during, tearless, fana tical lighter* are wily to the extreme ; placing their turbans (head dresses) in con Bpicuous places on the rocks to be iircd at by our deluded soldiers, while they themselves would crouch behind shielding b'.m'dors close by and take fatal aim r\t the unsuspecting men below. In this way quite a number of our men were lost. Mentioning the Gordon Highlanders, I said— 'Did you meet or see Findlater ':' tho piper of renown. ' No,' he said, ''we passed them nn kl-« rmt] ? ti:fV aiTM'pd tOO late.' One of the saddest features of the whole war was, I think, t!'e necessity of having to sacrifice our wounded to the diabolical revenge of our enemies, wtio, for the tims being, were not me!!, but transformed into merciless, lieartlets fiends. We were told of one young fellow who was shot through the leg and fell, his comrades, by commanding orders, taking away his ammunition and arms (for it would never do tc icavo a wounded man alone with English weapons of warfare to be purloined by the enemy and used against the original owners— it would be fighting the English with their own weapons), helped him up, but a sadden rushing skirmish ensuing he wad unalrfo to follow, sur.k upon tJie ground, and was parted fro::i hia company. A few yards away stood Ins bravo companion.-; light ing for dear life, for honor, rmd their country. With a uosj.^rato htru^V-e he madr; a frantic effort to reata them, but being unable to walk lie painfully crawicd ulang, inch by inch, ever tho hard rocky ground stained with his life-blood. One oi li i.-- s-taudi comrades, seeing his uwfu! per;!, stopped out to help him on his wa_v : but beyond the enemy were nd vaii'jing. T!ie iwiiJin \:i:ling orliv.-s*i*, .icing the movement on the part of the. soldier towards liis wo'iiided eounv.de, and knowing tho extivine need of uivier and discipline in the ran!.-. tun: ing to him, is.iid, ''Do not attempt to move ; rescue is lipp.-li'Fs. I will shoot you if you k-nvo thy position.'' The words had scarcely been utti fed when, wiih a mad dis triv tii1 ; rii^i', tl:i'ir war cry ' L'een ! dcen '.' wakiii;; Kie hills with their sullen echo, the piii-niy wci-o on tli'.m pell-moll, lighting with tho ft io:-ity ni tij,v:-3, Ufing knives, sword*, old guns and sabres of various kinds ; likp i/uist'.TO'ii waves on a .stormy sea- tliey swayed backwards and forward*, till with tho fun.e .v.id violence of the attack our soldiers were carried farther and farther away from the pool- yo'.r.ij} wounded soldier, who was left to his late. Yv'ith breaking heart he saw his only hope of safety drifting away. In anguish lie. lay watching them. The enemies, repulsed, turned, and seeing one of the hated white men lying in their path vented their horrible spite and private vengeance on him by simply cutting him to pieces. Poor young lad ; but why poor, he died with the halo of glory around him, with A linn will, and a deep sense Which even in torture can descry Its own eoiiMnter'd recompense ; Triumphant where it does defy, And making death a victory. Such triumph as theirs, which the Afridis must have felt after this horrible deed, was 3hort-lived, however, for taking into con sideration what they had done, taking deadly aim, our soldiers, though some dis tance away, hud the satisfaction of knowing that not one of those wretched creatures who had a hand in that murder escaped ; to a man they were shot down. Time and space fails me, dear general, so I must conclude. In my next letter I hope to send you some of tho most interesting paragraphs I have read.— I am, a loyal Soldier of the Pen, Burdktt F. Xoitr.is. NOTES ON A TRIP TO EUROPE.— No. XXIX. When I was about to start for the Continent — the 'Gay Contmong,'as it is familiarly called —my spirits were high with expectation of what lay before me. I thought I would have to go alone, but just before making my arrangements I received an invitation to accompany my friend John and hia father, who intended taking a trip, combining business with plea sure. Needless to say I jumped at the invita tion, and looked forward to a good time with my old friend in sightseeing in countries that were quite dilierent from anything wo had already set ii. Alter one or two false starts through being unablo to iix up matters, at Jast I found myself on the morn ing of *Augii'.t l!i witli my two friends in a 'four-v.lieekr, ' with luggage stacked on top and passport in pocket, on tho way to the llolborn Viaduct station, belonging to the Lon don, Chatham, and Dover railway. The train left at half-past U o'clock, and after a journey, lasting two and a half hourj, we alighted en the pier, where, amid some confusion, we went on board one ot' tho LSo'.gian Government Steamers plying to and from Ostund. i It does not take long for passengers to change from train to steamer. While they were coming on board I watched the luggage being shot on to the deck. There are two large slides, and down these are sent the bag 'jjage, one bag smashing into another as they £o eliding down, a heavy one intariably patching a lighter and slower one before !t reached its destination, and thus giving )he owner of the light parcel, if he happened lo be looking on, a shock, especially if it re presented anything of value. I was in a posi ^on to smile at the way the luggage of other )eople was handled because I carried my bags p board myself. Although it may seem rather slfish on my part to view with littlo concern he rough treatment of others' belongings, it -as really amusing to see hat-boxos, bedroom Whs, large, and small trunks, bags and parcels coining down these shoots helter-skelter in the manner described, and afterwards to be put aside with the label— 'This side up with care' — facing downward. Wo move slowly from the pier and I stand gazing at the departing shore. As we get further away the white cliffs of Dover stand prominently out. When the shore of old England is left behind I started inspecting the steamer and its passengers. The people wlio travel by these steamers are numerous and varied. There are the newlymar ried couple on their honeymoon, the old lady with her dog and servant on her way south to escupe the English winter ; tho business man and the tourist, the most conspicuous among the latter class being the Americans. You cannot fail to recoccnise them both by their appearanco and speech. What was all bustle and confusion a few minutes ngo caused by the passengers arranging themselves for the voyage soon settled down, most taking up positions in comfortable corners in their overwraps ; some to read, others, more especially the ladies, awaiting, as one would imagine, the announcement of their doom. The steamer travels at a tremendous rate, cut ting tho water as with a knife and sending the spray up a good height. 1 lingered awhile watching the bow parting the waves as it forced its way through them. When wall [ away from tho coast motion is perceptible. Tirs ! causes discomfort to many souls, but more par- : ticularly to many stomachs. Although I had - spent nearly two months on tho sea travelling- ? from Australia I must say I did not feel ! very safe, as I had always heard of the terribly ! rough passage the crossing of the Channel in- | volves. Imagination goe9 a long way with some people, and this I think has a lot to do j with the illness of many. Although I did not feel Al I was far from making an exhibition of myself, as many another did. In little moro than three hours we had gone a distance of 'JO miles. The welcome words to \ many a seasick, mortal of 'Land ahead' brought me from watching the antics of som9 ] small children — who, by tho way, neverseom to get sick — to gaze on the shores of this foreign land. The land seemed low-lying and far from inviting. At last we drew up at the pier at Ostend, and I cannot say I was at all sorry to leave the steamer, although thia did not mean leaving its neighborhood, as my friends had to wait for their luggage, which came to hand after a good deal of searching. When we had run the gauntlet of the Customs officers we proceeded to where tho hotel buses were waiting to take any who intended making the hotels they represented their I;om3s for tho time being1. Seeing- one bearing thj name of Hotel Splendid, we de- j cided to make the house ifc represented our ' homo while here. The high-sounding name j attracted our fancy. A house which deserved j such a description must be a good one and so , we decided on it, and I am glad to say the place justified the name, for it was indeed a splendid hotel. Ws enter by tho back way, driving up to the entrance through a garden, the hotel surround ing it on three sides. The back oi this hotel is better than tho front of the majority of Eng lish ones, and thopieturesoueness of the whole. ( produced by the contrast of the spotlessly ' white walls with the color provided by the j garden of beautiful flower*, was most note- , worthy. We arc mot by the proprietor, who informs us that he only has one room tli.u will j accommodate two, and so my friend and J take it, while his father goes to tho hotel next door. There is a lino of hotels along tho whole. of the seawall. We get into a lift aud are sent up to the h'fth floor, wlu-.j \w are met by a French maid, who conducts us to our room, which fcrtunatoly overlo.A-e'l theesr.ian- ? ade. The first thing i did \\. .? - - ga/.e at tho animated scents below and i:; v .t tho room, which was altogether dilfercui iium anything KnglUh, the beds being high and massively built. Having arranged our toilet, we proceed to the lilt and look about for the button of the bell so as to have the lilt brought up to us, but we are informed that the lift is only used for talcing people up, so wo had to walkdown. Reaching : the ground liuor we go to the main front, and then we. .see why it is we enter by the back door, the front is solely used by pedestrians and cyclists. The promenade itself is well paved, but tiie same cannot be said of the other streets in the town. The three of us went for a stroll, j going up the promenade, which presented a ? gay appearance with its, numerous habitues, chiefly beautiful women in most striking I dresses, no doubt the latest fashion. The women, by the way, arc slim, noticeably more | so than English women. j Ostend consists chiefly of hotels and board ing-houses. For the moat part they face the sea and help to make up a fine street of ele ganc and attractive buildings, in the midst of which stands the Kursaal. Just in front of where we were standing were hundreds of bathing machines. There is mixed bathing, and next morning my friond John, for thra sake of experience, decided to join the merry bathers. When he returned he related his experiences. The following descrip tion is not really his, bub he endorses every word of it:— 'The bathing, which ia carried on in defiance of the affectations' of Mrs. Grundy— that is to say, without the separation of the sexes, but decently and decorously withal. There are somewhere about 400 bath ing machines, andbetwecnllandl2inthemorn ing 2U(W)r 300 persons maybe seen disporting themselves after the manner of their nationality. The Englishman jumps out of his machine, strides impatiently through the shallows, and takes the earliest opportunity for a plunge. The Frenchman or Belgian trips down tha steps, advances waist deep, and then bobs up and down like a cork, careful, above all things, not to wet his head. If he is accompanied by his wife or his sister or his cousin or his auut, he takes her by the hand and reverently guards her from drowning in 9 in. of water. If the party is a family one the fun grows fast and furious. In numbers there is confidence. They join hands, form a ring, and dance about like children, playing 'Here we go round the mul berry bush.'. This general recklessness of the dangers of the deep has induced the authori ties to provide a boat, two sailors, and a fog horn, for life-saving purposes. If anybody ven tures beyond IS in. of water the foghorn is blown ; if he disregard the warning and wade in another (i in. the foghorn gives two terrific blasts, and if he, greatly daring, starts to swim in 3 ft. of water — as a bold Britisher will sometimes do — the boats start in pursuit, the sailors gesticulate wildly, blow tiie horn madly, and coming up with their quarry rescuo him from getting his head wot. The men in the boat are covered with medals earned by these heroic exploits. The Belgian authorities con sider swimming a daugerous habit, which ought to bo suppressed, and they give a medal for every life saved from swimming. Since Britishers have taken to bathing at Oat end tho number of medals has grown so large that a sailor acquires more in. a month than lie can carry.' DISPATCH BAG. Jlinlaton, May 30. Dear General— Will you please enrol mo' as a Soldier of Hie I'cn. Ihc following ia an extract :— Patrick and Michael went out hunting one rainy day ; it was the only day they could (jet off. AH went well with them until, when they were several miles from home, they dis covered that neither one had brought a cartridge, and that not a shot could be fired. ' Bcgorra,' said 1'at cheerfully, ' what's that to do with the huntin'V Is the want of a cartridge any reason to prevent a man from huntin' 1 ' 'Xone al all,' baid ilicha L So they continued to hunt. 13y-and-.y a rabbit started up close to Pat, and then came to a slop, curiously watching the hunters. Pat instantly brought liis yuu to ilia shoulder. 'The possuon that je air,' exclaimed Hike. ' Wild ye elioot him wir'.out a cartridge '! ' The rabbit hopped away. 'Whisht!' said lJat angrily, ' ihereyego, shpil'm' the sport with yer ulatherin1 tongue!' ' l'nttick, an' yer (jun was not loaded ! ' 'Mure, ye s,ialpoen ; but the rabbit would niver a' Unowed it if ye'd hild yer blather.'— I am, yours truly, Jluhy Rfss. Mount Miiry, Hay :iO. Deav Geneval — I received my enrolment oavd, and I like it very much. Here is a paragraph I read somo time ago :— A clergyman whilst out riding niei. nn Irishman. 'Good morrow, Denny, and where dia you get that horse '/' ' Well, your reverence, some liii'o ago I went 10 the fair of lioss, not with this horse, but auothtr horse. Well, eorra a one said lo me, ' .Did you come from the easht or did you come from the wesutV A d whuii I left there wasn't a one to say, ' Are you fjo'i'g to the cusht or are you going to tiie wesht? Hut »9 I was coming home I met a man riding forninsl me. 'Good eveniug, friend,' says he. 'Good evening, friend,1 says I. ' Were you at the fair of Rosa?' says he. ' Ves,' says I. ' Did you sell?' says he. 'No,' says I. 'Would you sell,1 says he. ' Would you buy,' eays I. ' Would you make a ciar.e swop,' says be, ' horse, saddle, bridle, and all,' saj'6 he. 'Done,' says I. So I got down oif my horse, and he got down off ov his horse, that's this horse, mid not Ihe other hoi^e, and we swooped aud rode away ; but when he had got about 20 yards, hecalli'd after me. — 'liiere isn'ta man from ltujs,' says he, ' but could put his finger in the eye of a man fi'cin Kilnacross,1 aays he, 'lor that horse that 1 swopped you,' 6iiys he, ' is blind ov an eye,' says he. Then 1 turns round and calls after him, ' there isu't a man f'Oin KiluacroiS, says I, ' but could put his two tingei'd in both ihe eyes ov &. man from Ross,' d;ivs I, 'for that horse lhai I swopped jou,' s;iys 1, 'is blind of both eyes,' s:.ys I.1' 1 will now bring my Idler lo a close, anJ remain— Yours Faiihfu.ly, Eli/.wietii If. Euadlrv. I.incolnsficld, May 3'). Doer General— I ha\c not wrillcn lor a loir,' while, so I thought I would try auaiu. We have had some nice rain since 1 wrote itist, and the things look uiiduliug, a;:d it is hhowei;ii^ uoiv a liulc, an.l 1 think we will lave a good st.ison after nil. Can you or the Soldiers tell me why a duoaved potato H like .i bee hive* This is a verse I go', oui oi the !'-.V.Mo,dU-.y .— This world is fu'.l oi beauty, Like otbi'i1 worMs aUoiv, And ir' we do uur ilm v II will befiiU of love, —lam, &.?., A.sxn; Hai-::. ;. Wrlglit-slruel, .May -j.S. Dear General— I have ju.=l been eoardilnjf lor one of my besi. iioolis in uidu' to find a paragraph to send yon, hut I have none with me, to I aiii roi:i^' 10 dc ?;,;.? v.iiai 1 saw when out rilling latc-Jy. Tiie !? i ; . I'-red i:i and out alo;ig the f^olof Uie hiils, u ? iiot green antttree-uovcred as we sue i- .'i I'Jaide, but bare aud deserted looking, l. . ...?.::; wavering shadows across my p. ah like ih... . . .. .?-„' hr.nds of some old-time giant who was p:ira..i ?--. ..I und blind, reari.'ig their gie^t bald top3 to thu sky, seeming utterly isolated in their solemn melancholy, h-)loir.ji ihuinsclves for ever aicol from uil that went on in the cor;i-i:overed pljii:s and \ali.ys below. Unuliially I .iscended, startling every ndv and then one ui our incanny looking euros or w:diabico until I was on i lie summit of on^ hill which o\ertopi-;:d all the others. Here 1 M:iyed a while to walch the sunset— suoh a su:iset, I think, as must have smiled th2 world's 'Good-bye' to the lost C:ii'.crt explorers ami showed tiii-m a v;igue glimmer of the srlciry lo which thuy were so i:ear. it was but a few minute.-) from sunset— the sky was full of rare changing tuts like an immense opal of indescribable beauty. What had a fc.v minutes before been a great ' bank of the softest, fleeciest, cmiicsl-looking white . clouds was now a woudrous dazzling sea of paTe gold, ' deepening to amber. 1 could not help thinking, as I watched it all, what must ha the unspeakable, aur- . passing beauty of Him whose omnipotent will had ! created it all, beside the brightness of whose | face the sun is but dim. 1 could not bear to see it go grey and dull and hopeless — looking like the haunting wraith of some ' cherished day dream, so I turned away lowards home. The magpies gurgled and the wee songsters twittered ? a surprised greeting as I disturbed the quietness of their haunts, and the thousand insects buzzed and j hummed as 1 rode along. When I got I ome all ihe radiant vivid colors had faded from the sky, which ' was now like an endless sea of big purple pansier j powdered over with big goldun pearls. There was ; but one liny cloud to be seen, which was wandering hopelessly among the stars like Uie ghost of a great ' loal eoul vainly seeking, full of an infinite unrest, the peace which paiseth understanding. — Yours truly, *1arlo Hex Walmi. St. Peters, Kail Adelaide, lia; M. Dear General — A newspaper musical nritm wa9 obliged to leave town and turned over his work tur ] one night to the sporting man of the staff. Tiiii is how the crilii:isni on an iu-i-or!a:il concert nppc.r.:! the next d: :— 'Time was c.l.-jj about 8 o'clock and about liiLy bugles, fifes, and fiddles entered for j the coutesc. The hddlers won the toss and took the ' inside, with the chandeliers right in theii1 eyes. The umpire, with a small stick, aiso acted as starter. Just before the start he stood upon a small cluese-box, I with a lunch-couaier before him, and shook hia stick at the entries to keep them down. The contestants ] first started it. to ' Laudlicric Iiochzeit,' by Goldmark, j Op. 20. They got oil nearly even, one ot the fiddles i guilly leading. The man witii Ihe French horn \ tried to call them i - ., but they Bellied down to work at a slorgi:i;.; t.a i. with Ihe big- liddio bring- ' ing up the rear. ' At th: lii-it quarter of tho cour.-e j the little black wiiisllo broke b.idly and went into the air, but the fiddles on the leit kept well together and | siruck up a rattling gait. At the half-way the man j with the trombone showed signs oi fatigue. There : was a liltle bobtailed flute, which wrestled sadly with the bugle at the mile, but he was windbroken and wheezed. The big fat bugle kept calling ' whoa' all the time, but he seemed to keep up with the rest till the end of the race. They nil came under the string in good ofder, but the judge on the cheese-box seemed to reserve his opinion. He seemed tired, and the con testants went out la line! their bottle-holder and get ready for the Beethoven Handicap. It was a nice exhibition, but tiresome to the contestants. All beta are off.' (from the IIV/uVj/1 Ma;azin,\\) 'Yin,' said the lying old mariiicT in the corner of the railway carriage/' for Have daj 3 and nights we worked at tho pumps and still Ihe water gained on us. At lust we gave up the 'opelcss struggle. There we was, sinkin', sinkin', siakiu'— cxpeciin' to perish ev'ry 'arf a moment. It was a horful time, believe me. Sudden-like we feeU the wessel a-rising up through the water. She riz till her keel was 'most out o' water and we i\de3 into port right on top o' the waves. We was saved. 'Ow it happened was — we had a cargo of yeast on board and when the water reached it it rose and rose till it fairly lifted tip lite shi^'—l am, yours truly, (Jiiakixs P. JfAnDi:FOnn. P.S.— Can you tell me who was the author of 'The Letters of Juuiua '!' THE CONQUERED BANNER. Furl that banner, for 'tis weary ; Bound its staff 'tis drooping dreary. Full it; fold it; it is best, For there1!) not a man to wave it And there's not a sword to 6ave it ; And there's not one left to lave it ? ? In tho blood which heroes gave it. And its foes now scorn and brave it Furl it ; hide it ; let it rest 1 Take that banner down ! 'tis tattered ; Broken is its start and shattered. And the valiant hosts are scattered y Over whom it floated high. Oh ! 'tis hard (or us to fold it. Hard to think there's none to hold it. Pard that those who once unrolled it Now must furl it with a sigh. Furl that banner ! Furl it sadly ! Once ten thousand hailed it gladly, And ten thousand wildly, madly Swjre it should for ever wave. Swore that foeman's sword should never Hearts like theirs entwined dissever Till that flag should float for ever O'er their freedom or their grave. Furl it ! for the hands that grasped it And the hearts that fondly clasped it, Cold and dead are lying low. And that banner, it is trailing, While around it sounds the wailing Of its people and their woe. For though conquered they adore it, Love the cold dead hands that bore it, Weep Tor those who fell before it, Pardon those who trailed and tore it; But oh ! wildly they deplore it Now who furl aud fold it so. Furl tint banner ! true 'tis gory, Yet 'tis wreathed around with glory ; And 'twill live in song and story 1 hough its folds are in the dust, For its fame on brightest pages, Penned by poets and by sages, Shall go sounding down the age?, Furl its folds though now we must. Furl that banner softly, slowly ; Treat it gently— it is holy — Fur it droop? above the dead ; Touch it not, unfold it never, Let it droop there, furled for ever, For its people's hopes are dead. Alice Grant Uosm.'.n, Dominican Convent, Good wood. North, Slay 31. Dear General— I should like to become a ' Soldier of the Pen' if my age (which ij 2'i) is not beyond yout limit. I am sensible of the good your column is doing, as it brings out and enlarges the literary tastes of our rising generation; and who knows but 6ome of tho6e buds formed by your cultivation may blos3om into immortal Ilowerj of cenius. I am send ing you a poem which you may print if you should think ii worthy oi a place in your column. A I'P.AVEH mOM THE N0HT1I. O Lord of all the universe, Why look so coldly down ; Are wo the victims of a curse — Are we beneath Thy frown ? On lofty peak, on stretching plain, Year after year we sowed our grain, Then turned to heaven in prayer for rain. Alas, those prayers have been in vain. The clouds have Ij3tthe migic wand 3 hat weaves green mantles o'er our iand, Our native land, Australia. 0 Lord of all the universe, List to an ardent prayer ; Bid sorrow from our home* disperse, bid hope replace despair. Lord God, Who reigns in glory high, Who rules the earth, llie sea, the sky, On suffeiing lurn a pitj Ing eye ; Oh, hear a plaintive people's cry. We ask that Thy Almighty hand, Hay break the spell that binds our land, Our much-loved land, Australia. Youra truly, 11\. Da.se. Trial Hill, Lyndoch, May 'JO. Dear Genera'. — The following paragraphs are out of the Weekly JiuAjet and tho LliUi,,;-u's Friend:— Judge — ' You admit that you emered the house of the prosecuting witness by Uie rear dour at 2 in the morning?' 1'ri.sonu- — ' Yes, your i.onor.' Jii'lgp — 'What business had you th?:'e at that time '? or tht! night '.' Prisoner — ' I Ihou./h: it wns my own \ | house.' Judge— 'Tnei! why '.lid jvu, when thij lady | ? approached, leap througu the window, jump in'.o tne j ; cis'.ern, and hiil-.1 your el:':' Ptisoiicr — 'Your! I honor, I thought U v. :is my wife1.'' ' As big as we arc.'— The teacher of an infant ch«3 asked this question : — 'How Lig do you !!iink you musl be to give your he.irls to ?li-fii,? JIust you Lie a.s big as I am .'' T!:.! children all seemed to ihink so, exrupt one small s:-!ioi:ir iiittin^ in a far corner, I who sail nothing. .\l lusl the teacher notice. 1 her, an J asked— 'Wei!, I..::.'.ic, aiid how big do you tiii.iic you must b? to give your ht.-.rt to Jesiij:' ' Ju~i as big as 1 am,' riiuwered the litlie gill. I 1'lc.iic enrol r.;e in your list of tol'iiers. — Yours truly, Annie L. Ma.txku. lam, dear soldiers, i'oura faithfully. ? TH li GENERAL. BATIIINfi AT OrtTENfl. 