ADVERSITY'S STRANGE BEDFELLOWS; OR, A RUINED HOME. w t LBy SKIPP BOBLASK.J Author of "Shrouded in Mystery," *' Murdered at Mid-day." "Who Killed John Cameron?" " Darker than Death," "An Ocean Secret,'? ".Recalled to Life," " Riches to Ruin," " Both Princess and Police Spy." CHAPTER XLIX. FDETHKB DISCOVEBIEB—A MEDLEY OF MYSTERIES AND HOEHOB3. Rose Floyd reeled backwards, as though she had been struck by a heavy blow. So ghastly pale did she turn that Mrs. Phillips, usually one of the least observant of v.-omen, remarked" it, and throwing a fat, stumpy arm around her, asked if she felt faint. "No, thanks,"said Rose, coldly and icily, for every diop of warm blood had been, as it were, frozen within her, and even the expression of her face had become as set and fixed as that of a mask. ' " But I must look in through the window again. I—I—the fact is I think I j know the person who is within." She herself was astonished at the calmness with which she spok«, though it was because she was stunned and half stupefied by the greatness and the awfulness of her discovery. But she would convince herself beyond a doubt. She would not bear away the hope that she might be deceived. It would have been a blessing could she have done so. But no, no,; she would not owe happiness to an illusion. She would not murmur to herself "peace" when there was nu peace. She would place the matter beyond dispute or question; and so she advanced again to the cell-door^ and peered again through the grating. It was but alight aperture of about a foot square, and strongly crossed and recrossed by iron bars. But it ao happenedthat as she pressed her face close up against it, the eyes of the maniac ware.fixed upon the little window from within, and no sooner did he catch sight of Rose's foaj- and. anguish blanched face that he shrieked: out at the top of his voice— " Her ghost 1 An, how it mouths and jibbers at me! Ha, ha, ha,' she looked just as pale and bloodless when I mutdered her, and she has thus haunted me ever since. But I won't— I won't join her yet. No, no, no, no. She may beckon, but I'll not come. The boy George tried hard ~to ?eud me to her because I sold his eister Nell—because I sold his sister Nellie for nine hundred and fifty pounds. But I sent a doctor and a policeman to the old girl instead. Ha, h»> ha, ha! Idtave him two for one, and as long as.I do thai&he; wiil be very well content to leave me in this jolly old world, for 'tis 'Turn about, and twirl about, and do just so, and every time vou twirl about jump Jim Crow!'" And the maniac here gave utterance to eldrich peals of laughter, and began capering about the padded tioer ot his cell like a jubilant ghoul. liose had seen enough—more than enough. Like one in a dream she rejoined Mrs. Phillips and the warder. Sho has; cpnvincteid j/t^rmrt-V beyond the shadow of a' doubt t 1 ' man was her in?" asked the that you do. n'c kill a pretty policeman. They and friends, do you say he was a Sred Rose, quite her agony and trying to pump llceman, did he? that he is known he was brought ow of, miss ; but n able to make \a was captured t we don't know her he was going, le's got on, that's grown out of 'em ast have made an too, for he's got here a bullet went le out. What did ted to catch Rose nness of the qaes- •Iralyhis name." as well tell us. lan whatever he's Tarfell, and he's my confession, her nn- ; and she burst into rling thine! What Phillips. "Ask her d man, and let us as we can. Her all It's enough to its herself, it is. I one bit." :1 Mrs. Phillips, when gloomy pile, " you j You are not the first parent, by no risane we are fcoing along "spects, and how that mistress, is." ," waiied Rose. "I the dreadful horror He must have been my poor mother five r .murdered—antf by •1! Poor girl! How !,• I must bear up for down with fever, enc at the Canterbury puly hold out for a few igs Bank is not open bepich time we must get We tried it by street I'm sure if I attempted iak down in the middle go out, so the doctor •prow some money from said Mrs. Phillips, an Rose. her eye rested on the con ten t-aneST a&^^^Mierrv.ry Star that was stuck outside a oPVe diop on the^other side of the roa<l, and herjfc •".ion was riveted by the words— ^ "THE - ACTON TRAGEDY.—CONDUCT OF THE PRISONER GRAY. THE WIFE'S DISTRESS. THE DESOLATE COT- TAGE. MYSTERIOUS ABSENCE OP THE SON CEQEGE.. THE . DAUGHTER NELLIE—IS 6HE ALIVE OB I>EAI>? WHAT HAS BECOME OF THE MUBDEEED MAN? The first line was in immense capitals, the last in thick, stumpy, black letters, so that the whole sensational announcement was readable at a considerable distance, and, though stand ing on the other aide of the street, Rose took it all in at a glance. Involuntarily. her thoughts Teturnpd to Nellie's letter that she had hitherto forgotten to post, and drawing it from her pocket she turned it over in her hand and again read the address— "Gray—Acton—George—Nellie" she muttered to herself, in a confused way. But the confusion lasted not for long, for she saw, or thought she saw, as though the announcement had been written in letters of fire, that her friend's father was a murderer likewise The discovery instead of unnerving her braced up her energies and strength. " £ will be, strong to suffer for her dear sake!" she muttered to hernelf. "Tois letter must not be dispatched," and she tore it into minute fragments, and let them float away on the breeze almost as soon as she had formed the determination. " I will "go down to Acton myself," she added—"I will enquire into this matter. I must forget, my own griefs in the deeper troubles of Nellie." " Why, what on earth is the lass a-muttering and a-murmuring about?" exclaimed Mrs. Phillips. "Nothing," replied Rope, quickly. "But I will accept your- proffered loan, Mrs. Phillips. I will take as much as ever yoa can lend me. I will call and repay you in full on Monday next." _" Now, that's spoken like a good, sensibel girl," quoth Mrs. Phillips, at oncopulling out her purse.. " But tut, tut. about next Monday. Keep it until you can pay it back •without missing it. I've got a housekeeper's berth at the Earl of Broadstairs, his lordship's father, and I'm goinir into it on Tuesday, straight away from Farm-street, so I've no need of money as you have, who are out of place. And what do you think, my dear? Father and son are as thick again as two peas in one pod, as the saying is. It's quite a pleasant sight to see 'em." " It may not be such a pleasant sight in God's eyes, who says that a man shall leave father and mother and kindred and cleave to his wife. Lord Bertie haa reversed the Scriptural , precept J - less from love of his father than c % , , fear'"'said Rose ^ ° Ut . _ . , , TI r • . jadge, retorted Mrs. Phillips, m whose eyes the Broadstairs and the Be monts could do nothing .that was wrong. Here's a halfsovereign and a crown pi^e and a flonn, and athreeoenny bit. You shall have it all. Oh, yes, yon ahall for III flinK it down in the mud if you don t. I ll only keep the coppers, just to pay my 'bus fare home.' " But, Mrs. Phillips, you will be sadly inconvenienced yourself, and I don't want you to ^0«>% ftt * a m T my love. Take it all, and don't think of naying ins any of it back until it's quite convenient. * ' . ..J. That's fTltaf'a a A dear /laoP I'm T'm glad <*1 nr) to be rid of it. Now, shall I walk with you a gttt of the way homeS" 'No, thank you, for I mean to run all the and it isn't very far. • You stay here for he Resent-street and Piccadilly 'busses, red ones, pass this point. Good-bye, aud God bless you 3" Aud Rose Floyd had grasped and wrung Dame Phillips's hand, and was off and away with the speed of a yonng f&wu;, before the lady could got out another word. " Poor Nellie,"Rose murmured, asshoswept along. "To what awful consequences have one thoughtless, heedless action of licrs led. That mad boy must have bean her brother. "What was that he said about a ptstol exploding, and what was that tuy father shrieked out about somo boy George trying to kill him because he had sold his sister Nell for nine hundred and fifty pounds? Oh God, what awful discoveries am I on the point of njakiajrj Could it have been my wretched father who wrecked the happiness of this family?—who sold Nellie to Lord Belmont*'—who played the part of a mock clergyman? -My brain is growing confused. I can make out nothing clearly. Tis all ajumMe of mysteries and horrors!" And she hurried on faster than ever. {To be continued to-morrow.) 