SK1TCEBB. THE HAUNTED HOUSE AT EUSTON. Tbe story of the haunted house near Euston bos brought forth a crop of curious inquiries, some bold spirits having ovon volunteered to occupy it, and one gentleman being desirous of taking it as a residence. It need hardly be said that the fantastically attired fioniuror. whose Dhotoerapb the Sootoh M.P. found in the house, and whom he subsequently confronted personally at a party in Belgravia, has not again been beard of, but the manifestation, it seems, did not disappear with. him. Unaccounted sounds were heard nightly until some weeks ago, when the third family of ooonpants made a precipitous flitting. One lady who has been interviewed tells of a terrible night she spent in tbe house as a trnest of a family who oooupied it some two years ago. She says, ' I am usually a sound sleeper, but in thai houBe on my first and only visit, about one a.m., I was airakened by a feeling that somebody had drawn their hands aoross my temples. Lookiag up I saw, gliding through the doorway, the retreating fitter© of a man, whose feet did not Beem to touch tho floor. Paralysed with fear, I oould neither shout nor rise, and I suppose I must have become a&consoioas;' It was probably an hour Utter that I remembered everything, and roue to find two miniature oil paintings lying on my dressing table. The landscapes did not then recall any place within my acquaintance. I was in the act of raising one when the feeling crept cold over me that girl with long hair outlined on tho window blind. I shrieked, and fell to the floor, and it was some weeks before I folly recovered from tbe shook I had reoeived.' Another person who had occupied the house— an iron-nerved old soldier — related that his bedroom bell rang repeatedly down* stairs, though no one in the house touched it. Being no believer in ghosts, he deter, mined to Know what it meant. Accordingly , he had all the etrippinga removed, leaving the bell wire bare. Still it tang, while every inoh of wire throughout its length was being watched by himself and some friends. On another occasion there came a series of most deliberate raps at the dining-room wall. Casting his eyes in the direction of the sound our informant saw the bead and buBt of a woman, whose face was unutterably sad. ' I was not frightened, only perplexed,' said the old gentleman, ' but when one night the niano save two or three bars of musio. though all the members of the household, including our only pet, the oat, were in another room beside me, I made np my mind it wonld be best to leave. I believe another family has had to leave since we did.' 