I SiNDM CLUB; .. ??..'?' ~ OR. THE M¥STE&^ OF MAKDX-ftRAS. A' DETECTIVE STOB?, by LAWREI^cjb' lirtYNGH JfEL Mui^och van Derenter) ^BtborTOf^ShaaoWaa by Taree^fMoina,' «tO,_ '.;?..' ?'; ? \ ? ? CHAPTETt T/vrl Stanhope went back to New Orleans, and for nearly two months Carnes heard nothing from him that could be called news, and the same might be said- .witfi the positions re verSed; Carnes had little or no news to im part to Stalihope. , Then one day there eanip a rinnio nnnn +i,~. surface of this calm in the shape of a letter —it Was from Stanhope, and- read as foilows: ''Dear Old-VMsri—At Jast ?? our sails are . raffled; -by ?? a slight-yeiy 'slight-breeze. Don't begin to. gl-%, it's only a clue alter all; and this is the story, much oi- little: 'It seems that young Baring— I think I wrote you that he Had set out for home be fore I came back here— had laid out a sort of line of march, and fixed upon* several points which he thought, niight for one reason or another-ppijv§%sp-ee1ally worthy of attention. , Well, we found that the mistress of a cer tain pretty cottage, in a secluded section, , Which I will name to you with other details when we meet, left her cottage on the eve of Mardi-graz. This woman, an octoroon somewhat notorious among her kind, had, it appears, taken lodgers into her house, a man and a woman, and these also disappeared on Mardi-graz eve: Six weeks of patient ferret ing have developed these facts. The man was. blonde,,, bewhiskered, -well-dressed, and -'carried himself, like a gentleman. The wo man was scarcely seen outside of the col. tage, and never except when veiled; she was ..^sSEaceful, and appeared languid, like an in yahd, when she walked, two or three times, -jgji^be little rear-garden, or passed out to her jTCamage; they drove almost daily; she was always veiled, he openly unconcerned. Per haps you will recall the fact that this tallies exactly with Jones's description of the 'miss ing' and her escort— the one which called me from Omaha. 'Madame Dauphine, that is what liie own. er-of the cottage calls herself, sent away her : only servant the day before these strangers arrived, which was more than two weeks be fore the carnival. Now note this: On the evening after they came— I have dates for these facts— a good-looking, blonde, bewhis kered man bought on Common-street, at No. — , a hypodermic syringe. 'Mark again: On Mardi-graz day. not two hours after the discovery of the body at the (Victor, a boy found near the foot of Canal street a leather case containing a hypoder mic syringe, which he concealed, and thought no more of, except as an object of barter— when the festivities should be over. He did not even know the name or use of the instru ment until he tried to dispose of it: but it was identified as the one sold to the bloude, bewhiskered man by the parties on Com mon-street. Later on the same day a key was found on the Levee; it was the key to room 99 of the Hotel Victor. 'I thought it would be well to look up the \fliiver of the carriage which waited every -any at the door of Madame Dauphine's cot tage, and with this result: B— and B— , who keep a sale stable, sold, on the very day that the hypodermic instrument was bought, a pair of bay horses and a carriage to a man who represented himself as wishing to set up a hack on his own private account; the description of the outfit tallies with that of the turnout used by Madame Dauphine's tenant's. This carriage and horses were found, after the carnival's close, wandering out on the lowlands without a driver. Up to date this driver is still missing, and Ma dame Dauphine's house stands locked and tenantless— her whereabouts also unknown. 'There, you have the business up to date, and now comes the tug -jf war— to find the haekmanr Madame Dauphine, and the blonde, bewhiskered man. 'On the whole I think I won't turn high wayman—not yet. Yours, on the trail, Dick.' This letter found Carnes locked in a calm which was almost beyond endurance, but three weeks later he too had something to say, and he wrote in his characteristic way to Stanhope: 'My Dear Boy,— If you love me set a guard upon the empty shell of Madame Dauphine, ,tllaud come to my aid. With my usual luck, I find myself suddenly unable to hold my hand; with all my boasted wisdom and fi nesse I can't contrive to be in two places at once, or to keep one eye upon opposite points of the compass. Larsen is improving so rapidly that I'm momentarily expecting a call from the superintendent, and it's none too soon. If that fellow 'Jinkins' don't swing it will be because of some grand and lofty feats on our part. His- trial must come off at the next term, or a new cause for delay niust be furnished. You will have to come if they call the trial, and you may as well come now when I so need your help. You can be back in New Orleans in a week or two if my plan succeeds. : I have found out at last who the fellow is, and I will know be- . fore you can arrive where to find his only re maining relative, who is monstrously rich, it is said. Wire me if you can come. I re serve ail explanatipns until I see you. — [Tours, in a tight box, Carnes.' Within the week which followed the re ceipt of this letter, Eufus Carnes closed the door of liis room due day, arid walked down the corridor towards the stairway, wearing the look of an active, impulsive man, who finds his energies palsied and his ambitions baffled. As he was turning a sharp angle, sa second man, coming toward him and look ing even a shade more anxious (than himself, stopped suddenly, and uttered a quick ejacu lation, breathing forth at almost the same breath a relieved sigh. 'Carnes — old man!' 'Why, Dick!' With a quick hand-clasp, followed by con plete silence, they walked back to the door which Carnes had so lately closed, and which he; now opened with reviving eagerness.. When they. were, within the 'room 'each scan ned the other's face, then: 'What has happened, Dick?' exclaimed (one, and: 'Anything gone wrong, Carnes?' asked the other, both in the same breath. Then Stanhope sat down, looked at his friend,, and heaved a long sigh. r'I wish I were a woman,' he said; 'I'd have hysterics in rainbow tints. Phew!' 'Why, what's up, Dick?' Carnes had al ready half-fcrgp^en^his own anxiety, in so Leitude for-his'Tfriend.' ' 'Sit down,' said Stanhope. 'I'll tell you In a minute. I'ni lagged.' He 16oked.it; he was pale, almost haggard; -his eyes, usually so calmly, searching, were full of trouble and anxiety;- 'lie Was travel stained and languid, as if almost overcome \- 'with fatigue or severe mental -strain. Carnes.f sat idown. opposite him, gravely scanning nis.face. ??:' .. - , .: 'Take yburtime, JDiek,' 'life -said; 'you do look draie B.p.^sHaye^omG wine?' ; , ' No,'' TsaMT.Sjbaah.Qpe, with. a quick^ nega-, . tive .gesture, *'not?now* Lievs get the talk Over at once— I'm too full to keep it back any longer^ vEhewI I've not; slept since 1 left - New. Orleans, arid n^t, more than half . eaten. ; topk^al;^ nier-and^.ihen^to cap ;the fflimay I must meet w^tn^aiii^dventu^e/aiiv most at your fldbor. ^.CJarnes-^liOw. .is John. iWm-bam.?''- ?;, .$.;.;?;?? , './'??:. -;--.-v; ?;,-.;?; \'_ ''?_ ? ' 'A5 'week ago,' said_ Carnes, not without ! tome Bnrprise, .-? 'he /was £«?£-: low^inQeea,' Stanhope -^e\^ out* Ills; hancLkercmef and passed it ;across his brow- : -' '?? ,::;:. '.' 'Poor man!'- ie sighed*— 'poor ol£. man!' ? ? ?' . ?.-'.' ??*' . - ; '? - . -?? ?.-????? :' . ' ? 'Dick!' cried Carnes, **for heaven's sake' what ails you?' 'You remember young Baring?' queried Stanhope, settling himself *b 'tell his storv, and then as Carnes nodded, '*f told you about him and his' microscopical society, didn't Carnes nodded agauu . 'And r told -you about lias twenty-nine varieties of ~ blonde hair?' ' .'' ' Caries' noddfed'-and grinned. 'Well,; when I went back you remember that Baring was gone; he had been called home on account of the illness 'of his father, and he went, at a moment's notice, of course, while Garland? was out . of town. Well, Baring* came back last week/and the first thing he did was to ask for an interview with Garland. We happened to;be sittiug together when he came. Well, when they came back theyt. both looked serious, and Garland took upon himself the task of telir ing me that he feared there had been a great .mistake, ii. '.Talk about ? being haunted! by Jove! a ghost would be welcome in ex change for my present prospect Old man, we have not done with Bertha Warhani yet!' . ' 'We haven't done with her murderer.' 'Her murderer— bah! we don't even know if she has been murdered. There! don't open s your mouth; ^let ine get it over! It seems i that Baling, in the pursuit of knowledge, j put his blonde hairs from the head of that ! dead girl under his confounded microscope, I and subjected them to other tests — if you want scientific pai'ticulars I recommend you to Baring or Garland — the naked result was i too much for me! Carnes, Bertha1 War- j ham, according to all her friends and rela- j tives, was a natural blonde, ,.a: dark-eyed, i fair-haired girl. This hair, which, without j a doubt, came from the head of the murder- 1 ed girl, had been dyed!' | 'What!' ? ? j 'It was black hair artificially made yei- i low!' ? I He waited for his effect— but Carnes sat ! staring mutely. j 'It naturally follows,' went on Stanhope, 1 'that I've got to do this thing over again, i If that dead woman was not Bertha War- j ham — ' j 'Dick!' broke in Carnes, 'you won't buu- j gle this business again, will you? If there's j a shadow of doubt in your mind, you know j what must be done.' j 'I don't doubt. I have every confidence i in the verdict of Garland and Baring. Gar- ] land verifies the analysis. But, all tiie same,' I'm bound to make assurance doubly sure. Yes,' rising and beginning to stride up and down the room, 'I've got to go to Upton ?Cemetery.' 'And you've got to take two good men with you— men who know their business.' 'No; I only ueed one.' j 'Nonsense!' j 'Not at all; Baring came north with me. HesWill be here to-morrow inorning if I need | him/ I shall take Baring— but that isn't ! all.' 'All of what?' 'A few 'moments ago, about two blocks from your door, I met that girl, Rose Hil dreth.' 'Hildreth? Oh. yes. The friend of Miss Warbain— the girl' of the letters?' 'The same. She has not improved since I saw her last; there is nothing to distin guish her now from the worst of her sort. She stopped me—' 'Uinpb! of course.' 'She stopped me to tell me where to look for Bertha Warhani.' Carnes was mute again. 'She has just come back from New York, so she says, and she declared that she saw Bertha Warhani in that city— last week.' 'Whew!' 'She says that she followed her, and saw her alight from a carirage at the door of a mansion, where she rang and was admitted, and the carriage drove away. The girl is persistent in her belief that it was Bertha Warhani. She says that she met her face to face, that Bertha, came out of a store, passed her, and got /into the carriage; she, 1 Rose, followed her in a cab. Rose declares j that she recognised her at a glance, although her hair had turned black.' 'Oh!' 'So, you see, I have more than one thing to do. First Upton, then the metropolis.' 'Turned black, did you say?' ^'That's what I said, and what Rose said.' 'Did she tell you where this girl, this Ber tha Warbain with black hair, stopped?' 'Yes; she named the place, and I took it down. It's a swell locality.' 'Dick,' said Carnes, after a moment's re flection, 'you must go at once to New York.' 'Upton first.' 'Wait— you might leave Upton to me, I suppose. The fact is you can kill two birds with one stone by going to New York now. It was for this I sent for you.' 'You wanted me to go to New York?' 'Yes. In the interests of .Charlie Jinkins. Couldn't you start to-night?' 'But there's Baring — we were to meet here. Of course I can trust Upton to you. j But why—?' 'Dick, the time has come to bring our guns upon Larsen; he's almost himself again'. I'll j receive your friend Baring. I'll take him j with me to Upton. Will you go?' j TTYes. Will you tell me what I am to do j for you when I get there?' ! 'Nothing that will interfere with, your own j plans. You are simply to call upon Charlie ! Jinkins's last surviving relative, and state j his case; we want help, financial and other- j wise.' 'And if they won't give it?' You must put it strong. The relative is a stepsister, rich and proud. If she refuses her j help, tell her, with my compliments, thai the j man who calls himself 'Jinkins' for the sake i of his friends shall come to trial and be { hanged under the family name that she is ; so proud of.' 'Well, old man! yotfre getting warm.' - 'Warm, anybody would be warm. Why,. Dick, think of that poor boy — a drunkard, buffeted, friendless, kesping his counsel, and letting himself go l quietly to destruction rather than call upon his proud, stepsister, who had turned her back upon him, or bring a stain upon the old name that he had given u'pi There's that much blue blood left in him. ' See if she is willing to let such a Jernyngham be hanged as common 'Jin kins.' ' ? 'Jernyngham! Jinkins?' 'Sit down again, Dick. I'll tell you all about it.' CHAPTER LVL 'You see,' began Games, 'tiiis jinkins, after all, is not a tramp of the common sort. There's good blood in the fellow; and, when the whisky got out of him, it sort of assert ed itself. We called it pure obstinacy at first; I suppose Sharp and Co.- think and call it pure obstinacy, or worse; now, as for me, I've changed my- mind. Naturally Sharp and Co. have concluded that the fellow's past was not to his credit; that there was nothing in it' of a redeeming quality; no thing that would turn' the heart of .the jury Box in his direction. Well, j I thought so too; it was. the nipst. natural conclusion — taking it^ all in alL' '. : 'I should think sol' ventured Stanhope. 'You shotildl W¥H,rsee now^prhat blunders we make when we are- led -into conclusion^ by studying the- 'physiognomy ; of things.!' We might be floundering In iifce dark yet if i^ hadn't Keen for Circus Fan,,;' That woman is ^anything but a. -fooli let me iell/you; and she is the only human lieing that this chap looks, upon as a friend. All the rest, the lawyer, that has todertaken his defence; the mh?i$ferr:a good, z&ilous; ,so«fe;|SB;t^t'iturned loio^.^blaV^]iiiii;r^rseif;'rlnf^ie'-:^a1^i. of a venerable- philanthropist, ;he 't&ws; with an Indifference- which' would' foe -sceptical—ifr it were not so stolid and despairing. But Fan, after plying all her arts, could get nothing from him except a vague idea, whicn she rliased upon some words which lie used while lie was in the fever. It was hardly a Mint, but she worked from that until she be fcajne discouraged. When Fan finally gave uj), -a bright idea struck me. It .was a good while In coining, but when it came I put it into execution. I applied to the parson, and told him, under the seal of secrecy, of coui-se, as much of the story as was needful to inaJie him understand the situation. . The rev. gentleman is a man of tact, and when he went in to tackle our obstinate martyr Fan and I felt quite hopeful. ' 'Well. sir. that good man went day after day; 'he took a genuine interest in the fellow, and I think he won upon him a little, but, after nearly' two weeks of daily effort, he came to me and told me that he could do i nothing- with him; 'but,' said he, 'I have found out this much; some time in his life, the poor boy has had a leaning towards the Episcopal Church. I think that, if Jinkins were really face to face with his fate, be lieved himself dying, in fact, or doomed, he would confide in an Episcopal clergyman— if he has anything to confide— but it would be a sacred confidence, a last confession of a dying man. Then I caught at another idea, and Fan and I went into council again. I called on our lawyer and enlisted him too. It was lucky for our plans that Circus Fan is a clever actress, and . not over-sontiniental, and that the lawyer was a lawyer. For the week that followed— we thought it best to give him a week of preparation— was full of heartless work. Circus Fan abandoned her cheerful tactics, and let him see plainly that she had given up all hope for him. His trial would come off without doubt at the next term, aud there was absolutely no de fence, not even an alibi :* she cried, as if he were already hanging in the gaol-yard, call ed him a poor martyr, and asked where he would wish to be buried, provided that his body could be bought or stolen from the gaol officials. All the week she rung the changes upon these themes; and sometimes, for vari ation, she pictured the consternation of his murderers when it came out — as it would, she predicted, when he was dead and past saving — they had hanged an innocent man. Leave a woman alone to pile up the agony! Fan did it. She tortured that poor fellow, but she never overdid it. The lawyer, of course, took a different cue; he was neither sentimental nor sympathetic: either would have been out of liis line, but he was gruni and crusty, like a man who has been in veigled into defending a hopeless case. He ojjenly declared it hopeless, and told Charlie that he was as good as hanged, and that he might thank himself for it, asked him if he j had any farewell requests to make, and sug gested that a sketch of his life, confided to the chaplain or himself, and only to be open ed, after his death. -might put him, or his ghost, in a better light before the public. In short, he was as sardonic and diabolical in his method of torture as Fan had been in hers, and by the end of the week our man was in a fit state of mind for the last act. , 'I don't mind admitting to you, Dick, that I 'was a little puzzled: I didn't know how to begin. I had decided to play the clergyman myself, and I didn't want to disgrace the cloth; when I came to run over in my mind ?what I knew about the 'Episcopal faith, I found ,that I needed coaching— a great deal of it too. , I .actually spent that entire week j posting inyself for my part, with the help of iny friend the dominie, the lawyer, whose wife happened to be an Episcopalian; and even Circus Fan — she knew more about the 'Established Church' than I did, by consider rable. (To be continued.) 