THE NOVELIST. A MIDSHIPMAN'S ROMANCE. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship/ "The Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tra gedy," "A Sea Queen," "My Danish Sweetheart," "The Good Ship Mohock/' "Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea, "The Tale of the Ten," &c.; CHAPTER V.-THE MroSfflPaL/LN'S ADVICE. The years'passed, and one day my ^birth day arrived and made me thirteen.*' My father had consulted a midshipman, whose friends lived at Bouville^ and he had told hiin that thirteen was just the age for a hoy to start in the sea-life. He was asked to dinner in consequence of this reply, and I met him flesh to flesh for the first time, though I had often viewed him afar, and gazed at his uniform with envy and admi ration. After dinner the midshipman honoured me with an invitation to accompany him in a stroll upon the pier, and ne offered . to talk to me about the sea. My father and mother were very grateful, and I was extremely proud. 1 would have sooner been seen in the- company of that -or any other midshipman in buttons and badge than arm-in-arm with a Prince of the blood royal if dressed in plain clothes and a landsman. : "He talked to me about the beef and pork which the sailors eat. "No man knows what beast of the field the beef was, when it was created, and how long it had been extinct; and the pork is a grehter wonder even than the beef,, be cause. it is not real pig, such as peopje eat ashore, but an animal that was originally discovered by shipowners, and herded by them in South American plains, expressly for sailors' use." He told me of pieces of ship's biscuit which he liad. with his own eyes, seen moving upon the table upon the legs of the maggots it contained. I enjoyed my stroll with this midship man, and was very proud of myself. We stood on the edge of the quay, and he made me observe the difference between the brigantine and the brig, the lugger and the schooner. I asked him if he knew the compass, and he at once boxed it for me, both backwards and forwards, much to my delight and astonishment at his powerful memory. In about a fortnight after this my father took me with him to London. In those days there were no steamers from Bou vi lie to the opposite coast, and-we had to. travel by the diligence, a distance of fifty or sixty miles, to reach a port which would provide us with steam. We broke the journev at a small, ancient town, and next day before noon we arrived at the seaport. A steamer was sailing that night for London Bridge, and we made haste to secure a passage. We were at liberty to embark in the afternoon, and did so, and at six o'clock we were drinking tea with the master of the vessel in the saloon, a hearty, well-fed in an of a rich, red com plexion, dressed in a cap with a gold band round it, and a coat with brass buttons. I had never before seen a steamer, and, going on deck, stood staring up at the very tall funnel with the utmost amazement. I leaned over the side to count the paddles, then I wandered to a hatch covered with brass wire, through which I peered and saw an immense arm of metal buried iu the gloom, and I managed to make out something that resembled a grasshopper of giant size waiting for the order to hop. The tide did not serve until eight; the captain mounted the bridge and the ship began to move, and a very large crowd grew excited and ran with us along the .piayside. 8team was still very young, so that a paddle-boat should have been vieived with admiration and wonder is not strange. She would astonish us even in this age of the ocean liner and the gor geous interior. It was a dark but a clear •night, and there was a half-moon some , where in the sky. I watched the lights \ along the harbour slide past, and then the pier lights went astern, and next moment the steamer was bowing the sea with a sullen roar of foam forward, whilst the .■reaming race of her paddles ran into a wake as long as the Milky Way. Thick coils of smoke*spangled with the golden gems of the furnace blew from the chim ney, and the wind canned them in a thunder-cloud down upon the sea. It was wonderful. I gazed up and I gazed round, but, unfortunately, my father be gan to feel seasick and cold. "Why can't I remain on deck?" said T. "1 don't feel sick, and when I'm a sailor 1 shall be forced to keep on deck."' This was an original view, and struck bun. Muttering "Very well; you know cur cabin." he rushed to the companion way, and I beard him through the sky light, a frame of which lay open, howling for the steward. 1 walked about the deck ar.d managed to keep my feet. A number of people lay about the foredeck iu wideawakes and cloaks, helplessly seasick. Every now and .• gain a stoop of the bow cooled the poor beggars a ith a half a bucket of brine, but llicy wore past caring. Come death! t ome damnation! It- was all one, and their groans were hideous. They were Frenchmen, and it is impossible not to sympathise with Mr. Thackeray's con tempt oc. Frenchmen as sailors. Whilst 1 was looking the captain ap proached, and observing me, called ine lo him. My: father, when we drank tea with the old gentleman, had told liini I was going to be a merchant sailor, and Ibis, I suppose, made him take hn interest in me. ... "Woud you like to step on the bridge, young fellow-my-lad?" said he. "I should indeed, sir," I answered. "Then come along," and at once wn mounted the ladder. I immediately supposed the weather had charged, and that it bad come on to blow a gale at the very instant of our set t.ng foot on the bridge. What I felt was the strong, breeze made by the ship's own progress, and this, backed by the wind that Was blowing, excited me as greatly as if our paddles had rolled us into a heavy storm. Here now'was I, taking a view of the sea at night from the height of the 1 ridge of a vessel that was steaming through the water at about twelve knots. The captain allowed ine to remain on the bridge half an hour, and talked to me as if I "had been a man; be Then advised me to go beltttfa-and turn in. We arrived at four o'clock in the after noon at London Bridge. A dingy haze in the liver delayed us; it did more — it shrouded-Hind obscured the view all the way from Gravesend. . Of what followed I have no clear recol lection, owing, probably, to the fog. Th first thing I did was to lose my father, and as I had no money in my pocket, and no address to drive to, I was in a state of 134 terror, and ran about amongst men in taJl1 bate and „ linen coats,. and - ,amonget: foreigners who could not speak our tongue j and Bhook their fists at people "who could, j It is impossible to describe the character j of the crowd (the whole pervaded by, a | curious smell of dried fish and stale beer), through whose legs and under whose arms J! darted in my terrified hunt for my atber; till all at once I saw him standing ■ at the door of a cab with our portman teaux on .the top, and in a few minutes we were rumbling on our way to an hotel in the City. I shall always be of opinion that the little, old-fashioned hotel in the City was amazingly more comfortable in respect ,of food, service, and lodging than the huge buildings in which we wander, like the living dead after the Resurrection^ who roamed about searching for their friends. I remember a cosy dining-room, plenty of old oak richly flushed, a chimney-piece which might- have framed Henry VHl.'s burly figure when he warmed himselL a few small tables prepared for the meal, a gleam of silver and cutlery. It was plea sant to draw to a fire after sitting in that cab of damp dbraw- Never before did I enjoy a meal so much as that plain dinner of fried Bole, English roast beef, and cauli flower. My father ordered some' port, and said to me quietly, when the waiter was not listening, that it was very fine wine, full of body. I drank ginger beer. j Next morning after breakfast we went to | Limehouse, where were situated the offices j of the owner in whose employ my father i had determined to enter me as a midship man. I do not. propose to. introduce the reader to the shipowner, whose offices were at Limehouse, nor will I ask him to accom pany me on my first, second, and _ third voyage. The romance of my youth did not begin till I had started on my fourth voyage. I was then third mate, and my age was about twenty. By this time my father and mother, hav ing grown weary of BouviUe, had taken a house at Hammersmith, and were in good health and happy, and seemed to enjoy the change from French habits and fashions to the customs and victuals they had been born into. My ship was the Glendower, a full-rigged ship of 1,320 tons register. Owing to a chill, I was unable to join her in the East India Docks, and wrote to the office that I was ill: but, should I be better, would go to Plymouth, and there catch the ship. 1 sent my chest to the vessel before she left the Thames. I recovered as I ex pected. bade father and mother good- bye. jumped into a cab with a small bag, and was driven to tlio terminus of the Great Western Railway at Paddington. 1 was too soon. A row of carriages stood beside the platform, but no locomotive was attached. Some drunken Navy sailors were arguing on a bench. A few people moved about, or stood beside their baggage. I se lected a carriage, put my bag on the seat to secure it, lighted a pipe, and walked up and down the platform waiting for the train to start. Much about this time two people came along followed by a manservant, who car ried a shawl or two and a lady's portman teau. One of the two was an elderly man, rather rough in appearance. He * was bronzed, bruised, ana wrinkled with what I guessed had been a long but successful struggle for life in the colonies. The other was a young lady. As I stood opposite my carriage they approached, looking into the several compartments as they walked, and 1 obtained, without impertinently staling, a very good view of the girl. She inte rested me in an instant, and I could not imagine why. It was not her beauty; fair indeed she was. A sweeter face no man ever fell in love with; hair a delicate pale auburn, eyes dark violet and thoughtful, cheeks colourless. What was it? She looked at me once, hut not again. Her attire was some dark stuff, but I don't think it was mourning. They passed down the length of a few more carriages, then came hack. 1 remained standing opposite the com partment I had chosen. Whilst they walked the rough-looking gentleman gazed at me fixedly- He stopped and said grufiiy, but quite politely— "Beg pardon, hut you are a sailor?" "'] am," 1 said. _ v "Bound to Plymouth, sir':" "That's my port." "What ship, sir?" "The Glendower," I answered. : "I had no doubt of it," he exclaimed. "1 remember your face. 1 came on board your ship the Glendower at Sydney, and asked you some questions." I did not recollect the circumstance, so merely bowed. "What post do you- occ-upy?" he asked; and now 1 noticed that the girl observed me steadfastly. "I am third mate," I answered; "which means no more than midshipman." "My niece," said he, "is going to Sydney lo hei1 aunt by your ship. J am unable to sec her safe" on board. Do you know if there ore any of the Glendower's pas sengers joining her by this train?" 'j was ui-ahle to tell him. More people l ad come draining in, and the platform was fairly populous. But nobody looked ..s if he were going to Australia. The young ludj flushing up, exclaimed— "Is your name LongmoreV" "It is," said I; and then even as 1 looked 1 saw before me that strange and beautiful phantom of. the pond, whose ex pression had been neither glad nor sor rowful. "Is it possible?" said I, "that you are the Belle Stuart- J played horses with?" "I am indeed," she answered, "and I believe I knew you when I first saw you." "Is this the gentleman who. saw your ghost, Belle?" asked the rough-looking gentleman, She smiled, with plenty of colour left. "A " queer yarn—a little fantastical; Belle docs not forget it," said he. "This is a fortunate meeting. 1 shall feel easy whilst thinking of my niece as under the care of an officer of the ship, and an old playfellow. John, put Miss Stuart's wnips ar.d bag in." "I am delighted to think that you are going out as a passenger,"a said 1, looking into lier charming face, which awoke many memories, though I was so young when that incident of the pond occurred that it had produced no emotional impression whatever, so that when the little girl did not come to drink tea I had forgotten that she had been asked. A great, locomotive barged into the car riages. 'T wih ask you to see her safe on board, -Mr. Longinore, and shall be grateful for my acts of attention you show her," said the rough-looking gentleman. There was now too much bustle for talk. Porters vyerc running about, passengers were getting in; the drunken sailors looked out of the windows. We took our seats after Miss Stuart had tenderly kissed the rough-looking gentleman; the guard piped his whistle; the book-stalls and the i$-. I freshment rooms slided past; it was the broad gauge, smooth, swift, delightful as railway travelling can ever be, and pre sently we were clear of the station, our selves the only occupants of the compart ment. ' -j. ■ , It is a faet that I retained a veiy per fect recollection of the features of the j phantom, and in the girl sitting opposite to me I beheld the imagination of my brain, that vision of - iny soul's eye,! clothed in the grace - and eweotaeBB of I womanhood, somewhat, tall, a most iiful figure, ail expression offtrceas cant* j voting as some haurting gem ..of poetry. She asked after my father ana mother and 1 enquired after her mother, and she au swcred that she had died eighteen months , ago. She was* going out to Sydney to live j The only relative she had in with an aunt. . England was the gentleman who had seen her off. Mr. George Stubbs was her uncle, and a widower, and strongly approved of her living with her aunt out in Australia. | She said—"Your people must haye i thought my poor mother very rude. I re- ! minded her that I was to drink tea with you, but she would not hear of it—would ; not even call at your house-again, and as soon as possible left Bouvilie. She was; indeed, mere terrified than you would be lieve." "She was a little superstitious, per haps?" "She was a Spiritualist, and believed in ghosts and visions, but, strange to say, was afraid of those who saw tnem. Yon saw them, and she was afraid of you." "I only saw one," said I; ''I can never hope to explain it. It was you shaped in moonlight, and when I fell into the water the same face came close to mine. I have seldom thought of it since." "i liave thought of it over and over again," said she. "It was like believing I was dead, and that you had seen my spirit. Your parents will think mother acted very rudely," she repeated. "But die got some extraordinary notion about you into her head and we left the town," she exclaimed laughing, "as hurriedly as if we had been in debt." I saw that she knew the character of the notion that had entered her mother's head about me; in fact, her looks betrayed her, but I asked no questions and we fell into other courses of talk. I related for her entertainment a few of mv sea expe riences and told her hew I had run away from, school. Her own life had been uneventful. They had lived in Leaming ton, and then in London, where .her mother had died. She told me that her mother was always talking of returning to the colony, but she delayed it year after .year, and then it was too late. Sailors see little of ladies, and this explains, perhaps, why Jack is not over particular. A man in my time might be away far two or three years without seeing a woman, unless black or yellow, and people are surprised if he marries the first girl he meets on his- return,- home. In my case, however,/the delight I took in looking at this girl who sat opposite was not due to my taste for distinguishing being blunted by the isolation of the ocean life. ' She was a thorough lady. Her voice was soft and clear, <1 could not but wonder that so fair and engaging a girl had not got married. We found plenty to talk about and Swindon surprised us. "This is very good travelling," said I, at which she smiled, and I took her into the refreshment-room, which was not very crowded. We arrived at Plymouth, and 1 found that my ship had reached the Sound that afternoon, bhe had been delayed by head winds down Channel. All Miss Stuart's baggage was aboard of her, and it was con venient that we should join the ship at once, as it was necessary that I should re port myself. I was disappointed. I had hoped to find that the ship had not ar rived. I had looked forward to a ramble with Mies Stuart in one of the most romantic harbours in England, and a little dinner at the best, which is usually the cheapest, hotel in the place. However, there ivas the ship, and we must join her, and it was 5 o'clock, and the sooner we left the better. "There is your home for the next four months, Mies Stuart,'' said I, as two boat men rowed up leisurely to the ship. "She's a handsome vessel,'' she ex claimed. \Ye drew to the gangway below; I paid the bpa.tmen, who grumbled; 1 handed Miss Stuart up the steps, and carried her shawls and portmanteau. Captain Bowser, the commander of the ship, in a naval cap and blue-cloth jacket, leaned over the poop rail watching us, and 1 saluted liini. The air was full of-the smell of hay in com pressed bales; cocks crowed, pigs granted forward, and you heard tlie lamentation of sheep in the longboat. We were outward bound, and though it is true we carried but twelve passengers in all, and they were of the saloon, we should touch nowhere until we entered Sydney Heads. The decks were ui'iet, the tigging had been coiled down. All had been done in London. In deed the ship called at Plymouth only for the convenience of passengers, and if the breeze served her she would sail next inoriung. Miss Stnart needed no help; she sprang through the gangway, and when the cap tain saw her, he came down the poop ladder, and touching his cap, introduced niinseif. Bowser was. a man of fifty, cooked to a turn by many years of seafar ing. He l'.ad come in through the lmwse p-ue, by wliic-h is signified he had begun iiis career in tlie forecastle, and you would rot have called/-him a man of education, or very courtly in bis address and manners. But be was a good sailor, and a safe and humane commander. He had a very large head, ami his neck was immensely thick, and lay in two or three rings under his h-rr at the back. His eyes were staring ; end glassy, and his general expression was a little wanting in meaning. With the smile of a skipper who addresses a pas senger he said— ' "Are you Miss Stuart?" "1 am," she answei-ed. "Then you are the young lady who has been phucd under my marge by your uncle, and I will take very good "care Of jou," said lie. "Let me show you your cabin." They entered what was the custom then to call the cuddy, and I followed, bearing the wra.py and bag. This interior was a large room carpeted and panelled. The mizenmast pierced it, but the shaft was fluted, and by gilt and the decorative power of the artist, transformed into an embellishment. Three good cabins were situated aft, one of which was occupied by the captain. Qtherwiee the saloon swept clear to the walls of the ship, and was indeed a very handsome, spacious f.partiluit, tilled with dining-tables, couches, armcliairs, and tlie like. A large square hi tell yawned immediately in front of you as you entered, and down this sank the staircase by wliicn Aiiss Stuart gaiued l;er bertL The captain took the things from me, and Belle gave me a sweet bow, and said a little archly—"We sliall often meet," which caused the captain to stare, for it is not customary for young ladies to talk familiarity—indeed,to talk at all—to amid- j sliipman, though I liad signed as third mate, 1 was a bit moody, and sat in my bunk and smoked my pipe. A young fellow c-an not leave his home, even thoughhets psed > rang to sea. without alittle &&■ greeaon of fipinta at the etarto The ex woneat of ray journey had drawn off my thoughts finom the strangeness of our en counter. and now I was flimVing, whilst I njkffl two or three of the youngsters ngnt tine new meerschaum pipes ana try tojtaufcey and seem to like it» thai our meeting was not a coincidence but a £y the vision of my childhood; and I felt superstitious, ana wondered if my mothernad been right when she said that Belle's lifewas to be mingled with mine in ■ some inscrutable Way. ■T went, on deck to suck out my pipe. The .evening was « glowing twilight/and the stars shone in the squares of the rat-v lines. Tim cuddy was ■ alight with oil Jatnps, and I stood in.i&e; recess under the break of the poop, admiring the fami liar scene of sparkling mirror, and flash ing^ crystal, <uM hanging flowers. Pale and beautiful lights, delicate as the moon mine of fairyland, flushed the face of the waters, and on them repoBed the tower ing shadows of .men of war and the lesser lights of merchantmen. Somewhere a band of music was playing. I caught the air and hummed it in time as I smoked. It was "Cheer up, Sam!" There was not much exhilaration of spirit to be got out oz tbat distant music* I spent a bad quarter of an hour in that recess, and then a man came down off the poop whose company was like to me more miserable still. He was the second mate, and his name was. Curling. •Jie was a dark, gloomy young man, with a stoop, a yellow face, and dead black eyes. I had served with him before, and had never known him capable of a mo ments happiness or pleasure. "When aid you come on board?" said he. I told him. " Well, here-we are, outwar d bound," he exclaimed. "I don't need to be told that." 11.11 ^,'s, always being outward bound in this Me, he continued; "the moment we are born we are outward bound. Don't make any mistake; you can't shift your course, you're headed straight from the womb of life to the womb of earth, and growl you may, but go you must." What sort are the passengers?" I asked, watching the sheen in his dead black eyes, whilst he lighted his pipe at the little bull's eye which illuminated the clock under the cuddy front. .."Few, thank God; but beastly unfit. The likeliest is Mrs. Trevoi; who told me that fibe e eighty-five, with all her faculties." And she goes to sea, possessing all her faculties.' said I. "I like to talk to her," said 'the second mate. "1 m interested in very old people who are Hearing their end. I asked her tliis morning in a short chat if she consi dered herself saved. And she answered so much so that she had nothing left to do but pray for me." "Did you give her a tract?'' I asked. . ' I hac none upon me; but have plenty in my chest. I'll give you a few to- morrow for the midshipmen's quarters." "Ay, something smelling of blue ruin—." As I said this I saw in the corner of my eye somebody coming up the steerage lad der. I looked, and beheld Belle Stuart.* 1 was visible to her in the light of tlie lamps, and without hat or shawl she at once came to the cuddy door. The melan chcly idiot of a second mate might, with l olf a glance, have guessed from her ap proach and accost that we were friends, and moved so. Not lie; he leaned against the side of the recess and sucked his pipe, and stored and listened. 1 never read descriptions. of pretty women, and can't- write tliem. But- I just want to say here that I ha-.l not before seen Belle with her head uncovered and without a jacket, and now she leaned in t »e cuddv door, the picture of a sweet Eng Joli girl; her hair shone with the light, and I never met any girl with a prettier figure. "I thmk I shall find my berth very com fortable. Mr. Longmore," said she. "I wish we had started. \\\ e shall be a small family party at the cabin table. Will you be one of us?" "No," I answered. "lie's only third mate,"] croaked tlie second mate. "And what are you?" she asked. "1 am the second mate." "Why should a. second mate sit at the table if the third mate mayn't?" she en quired. "It is the custom of the sea," he an swered gloomily. "One of a lot of bad cus toms, no doubt." And I observed that he "did not seem struck by her beauty, or in any way en gaged by her manners or appearance. Had this man walked off, I might have enjoyed a quiet chat with her. -He ought to have seen that she wanted to talk to me. We thoroughly neglected him, and admired to gether the fairy scene of lights motionless on board the ships, of lights twinkling upon the shore, of fibres of silver under a large trembling star here and there in the Bmooth, velvet surface, and right abreast of us, backed by the visionary coast, moved a large phantasmal ship in full sail. But nothing would do; the second mate con tinued to lean and smoke. Presently Belle said she would go and write up her diary, arid left me; and, much disgusted by the imbecility of the melan choly loon with the dead, black eyes, I went below to see to my bed and affairs for the night. 