SPORTING. HUNT CLUB RACES. The Mount Gambier Hunt Club races are to be held to day, and as there is every prospect of Gee weather a record attendance ia anticipated. There ara eight events on the programme, and in a majority of them largo golds are expected to compete. The Cup will, of coarse, attract the largest share of attention. There are sight still in it, and so far as at present known the horses and riders will be-Cuttlefish, Mr. D. McKenzie; Carbine, Mr. W. Plate; Heatherbell, Mr. J. Robertson; Active, Mr. J. Maloney; Mil Lei, Mr. W. Smith; Pardon, Mr. T, S^eno; Agnfs, Mr. P. Williams; Author, Mr. E Be> kefeld or Mr. Jackson. The programme is appended : HOHOLB RACE, 1£ miles.-Conscript-, Three Stars, Colleen Bawn, and Warrattenbullie. TBLA.II STAKES, abont Bix furlongs. No Name, Dutchman, Ivanboo, Jlona, Little Nell, Little Harry, Trilby, Nelyambo, Wilga, L^dy Bnrns, Jane Ann, and Tyropean. HUNT CLUB COP, about three miles - Catiltfish, Carbine, Heather Bell, Active, Mil Lei. Pardon, Agnes, and Antbor. OPEN HANDICAP, abou1; 1 milo and 12 chains,-Sea Sprat. Conscript, Curt Mantel, Trilby, Kingston, Kathleen and Tyropean. FARMERS' RACE, about fl furlongs.-Qniob fire, No Name, Fitzroy, Rufus, Forget- MexNot, Little Harry, Nelyarabo, Reuben, Refrain, Oceana, Country Lass, Misdeal, Downer, Stockman, Lady Love, and Parthenopsens. HUNTERS' HURDLES, 14 mileB,-Co'leen BawD, Cuttlefish, Cnbine, Heather B 11, Lady Albyn, Agnes, MilLsl, Au'.hor, Fat don, an i Fitzroy. CORINTHIAN FLAT RACE, about 6 furlong*, Curt Mantel, Three Sura, Kathleen, Trilby, Kingston, Linda, Wilga, Kongal, YoUDg Albyn, Dutchman, L*dy Bums, Ivanhoe. MILITARY RACE, about 7 furling* -'Wat rattenbullie, Vix-o, Mooa, Little Nail, Qaick fire, Stockman, The Officer, Lvdy Live. " TIPS BT " PBOPHET " Fiae weather, a good attendance, and fair fields will probab'y oombine to reader this afternoon's wind-up of tbe hunting season quite as Buooesafal aa any previous meeting ot the Hunt Club at Mount Gambler. The handi capped have made a good job of their work, and baokers will hare some diffioulty in .' finding 'em." The principal event is, of coarse, the Hunt Olub Oup. Of the two top weights Carbine roadB the beBt, and be shou'd hove something to say at tbe finish, Heathar boll comes with a good reputation from H<m:L toD, and must be labelled dangerous. Active is well handioapped, but I hear his trainer has had great trouble in nursing his " swinger." Mil Lei ran aeoond last year, and I expeot to Boa her go one better this year and " oop the mug." AgneB has Boma pace to reoommsnd her, but I don't fancy Pardon or Author. I shall place them- MIL Lkl 1, Cirbine 2, and Heatherbell 3. Gon<oript should win tbe Hurdleraoe, and if that raoe do not take too muoh out of him he should also annex tbe Open Handioap. In the latter raoa he has most to fear from Sea Sprat. The Hunters' Hurdles looks as open as the Cup, but I pin my faith to Agnes, and if anything beat her it will probably be Colleen Biwn or Lviy Albyn. The Oorinthian Flat Rjae may fall to Cart Mantel or Lady Barns; while I have & preference for Little Nell or Lady Love in tbe Military Race, Tafctoraall's Bpring meeting paiBed off sao oeBsfally on the old Adelaide coarse oa Saturday. The fialda ware large, the wea ther favorable, and the attendance satisfac tory. Ishmael defeated Qlaukopia, LeR^iue, and others in the Trial Stakes, while Prairie Boy showed improving form by winniog th9 Hardleraoe, Zalu aid Maid of the Mist I coming next. The October Cap went to the ; Broken Hit! horse Trapper, who easily beat I Thunder King and- Seonrifcy. The Steeple* chase fell to Darkie, Supple Jaok and Orb 1 gaining the situations. X^rluoh, a son of Broken Hill, unexpectedly won the Juvenile Handicap from fiuoolenzb, ' ipsy Bill, and others. iBhmael showed himself to be in winning form by again sooriog. This time it was in the Spring Haadioap. Bida«a-wee and Blue Blood were next to him Both lahmiel and Da»-kie, two winasrs on Saturday, are the progeny of obwuro sires. . The first named is by Prodigal, and D^rkie ' is a Bon of Ladas, 1 ! The amount invested la the totalizator at; TtHemall'g Meetipg oa Saturday waa$>,88(}, as compared with £6,189 10s. put through at the Bamo meeting last year. Several healthy totalizator dividends were again recorded at Tattersall's Meeting on Saturday, Ishmael, who won the double the Trial Stakes and Spring Handicap-paid £24 9s. for a sovereign in the latter event, while the dividend on Darkie in the Steeple* ohase was £11 6s., and on Prairie Boy in the Hurdlo Race A10 3a The steeplechaser Stockings ran his last race oa Saturday. He fell heavily at the j eeoQua or cne treble m front of the Grand Stand at Victoria Park, and, breaking his arm. had to be destroyed: He waa an aged gelding, by Hamlet's Ghost from Miss Twist, and among other races which he won was the Steepleohaae, of three miles, at the A.B.C Birthday Meeting last year. The V. R C. October meeting attraoted a large crowd to Flemington on Saturday. The meeting was interesting chiefly beoanse of the appearanoe of Bobadil ia the October StakeB Eleven started, and the Derby favorite won very easily, running the mile and a quarter, with 8st. 41b. UD. in 2min. ! 9&seo; George Frederiak was second and Catspaw third. The Hardleraoe went to Homospun, the Paddook Handicap to Inter lade, the Steeplsohase to Speiler, the Mari byrnoug Stakes to Lady Lillian, and the Stand Handicap to the Splendour gelding Devoted. Hirundo fell in the Hardleraae at FJem* ington oa Saturday and broke his shoulder; he had to be Bhot. J. E. Brewer, his rider, escaped with a shaking. 