BITS BY THE WAY (Br FPBaCSOA). STnEEi ia nothing by. the, wa," say many of the feminine fair 'with a mental glatcei and shiver 'bver'the bare and barren social track of the winter of '98. The "winter of our discontent," if we may juoge from the doleful dolours of pleasnre-seeking human ty many of whom regard them selves as martyri to ennui-producing retrenchment. It was public retrench ment last year, it is more. largely private this. Citizens scrupled not to spend when Government withheld its hand, more largely, at all events, in proportion, now that the Government evinces a disposition to launch out" a wee," the citizen's purse seems to have shut to with a snap. Were the two to work together, wealthy citizens to spend well while Government was to the same course committed to repro ductive works, what a peaceful, pros perous sort of place this colony would be. But neither reproductive works or coin circulating pleasures seems to loosen the householder's present tight grip on the parse; so the left-lament ing feminine are thrown on their own resources to a degree hitherto almost unknown to'them" -. ' - There is a spice, just a spice, of novelty in this experience, but it is not deliriously exciting. I wonder if fair grumblers ever realise how wise a pro vision of nature that lull in the wear, tear, and frequent torment of a mend ing round of gaieties is? Of the need there is in human nature for rest, shade and silence ? Or the invigorating effect of a temporary retirement from the pleasure haunts of women and of men One lady of my acquaintance systematically refrains from one pleasure, or, perhaps. two at least, during the season, taking them up the next in place of those she has been patronising. One season it is concerts that are left severely alone, the next, the theatres, and for more than one season now she has not gone to a dance small and early, or late and magnificient at all, and is now antici pating added pleasure during the next, when she pnposes, if all goes well, to again go "tripping on thelightfantastic toe." Abstention from the whole of the pleasure round is in her case and position impossible, even this partial rest, however, proves most beneficial. There is increased enjoy ment of music and singing that has had no chance to pa'l; renewed elas ticity for saltatory exerci-?s, and the re entry into Thespian Temples, shel affirms, brings with it s me of tlhu enraptured ecstacy nith which the first evening at the' theatre is usually fraught. What effect such partial abttaining would have on other women of course it is not easy to say, but as it has left the one in question with zest for pleasure unimpaired, .a mind to which ennui is unknown, and the enviable faculty of never being so little .alone as when she is :by: ~reself, it Posems as if it-were worth trying,any way. 1 How quick childr, n are to see what influences their elders most, and how very slow their elders are to learn that little pitchers have large ears, is often strikingly demonstrated and just as oftei forgotten. The mistake habitually fallen into by. the adult, is that cbillren'have all to learh frdai the grown-ups, that there is very lit. these lattr have to learn from them. What a mistake. The child i. in undisputed pr so.ssion of all the originality, the freshness and fear lessness we hare sacrificed at the shrine of conventionality, or in slavish adoration of worldly wealth or success. Strange it is that insensate things should have such dominion over the soul that was given to the "human being to lift it about it all. This, how ever, is leading from the children, or rather from the one child with whom in this we are concerned. A stupid one he was accounted in the little com munity to which he belonged, but that he had more ingenuity and understand ing than believed, -was somewhat dis concertingly evidenced one day. Being "stupid," or, what was more probable, endowed with that sensitiveness .which makes some unfortunate children the butt of their youthful fellows, he was allowed to follow his own inclinations, one of which was to hang around his mother, especially at the times when neighbours dropped in for a cup of tea and "a bit of a chat." .' At the" time of my visit to the small' but ancient village. these were multiplying at. a most unusual rate. A bright and capable maid of the village was soon to be married to one who was far above her in social rank and wealth, ...though not in good qualities, for- the. "'bride tl'b'w"ias more thaii' worthy of her good fortune, and-the:'marriage was to be celebrated in grand style. WLe.e the motner of 'this young girl was most-certainly to be found, there the neighbours would most certain'y gather. Culture and the mother were to each other unknown, but this d>es not always limit ambitions, and the company were -regaled afresh at every gathering with the-forthciming splendours of. the intended nuptials. Among these nothing seemed to have established such a hold on the .old lady's imagination as the word Trous seau. Is was the only French word she had ever captured, and she made the most of her prisoner. At every turn of the conversation this was edged in, and however brief a journey the bride torik after the first great one to Melbourne in connection with the important es ent, questioners were sure to hear that she.had gone to see after her treoseatux. -Th'esboy' took it all in, and thoiph often sent off to lobk afler the geese, manngerd generally to rrecp bhak again. "At lst. the oft-pr-dicted loss of one rf the geese became a fait. Tl.e boy, h-I' 'er, sluck to h's guns, holding's-r lyut , to hli asoertion that the goose hadl ucitller .been stolen "or strayed aeri'i"" Trfit ailn't stolen nori' strayed anay,-where is'it'then? ". s was demanded, while the stick kept time to the oral music.. "Its'-its, gone to -to get its trosseacz !" bringing the last word out with a howel that added immensely to its always imposing effect. As it was-impoesiblb to'. wield the stick as well as roars -of 'adgliter, as to the approving looks and words ot other martyred mothers, the culprit was allowed .to escaped. The goose was found eventually, pennel up for safety in a friend's yard, but not be fore it had effectually banished the Trosseauz from the little North Western settlement. A writer asserts that there is a tendency in all human nature of this age to believe in spiritualisils, and that nothing but the conventional dread of seeming to have any leaning towards anything but popular theories, makes us refrain from acknowledging it. Having in the course of an existence into which many people of many classes have come, met with hard facts and harder natures at almost every torn, I mentally begged leave to doubt that writter's assertion. Even the most sanguine in re the progress made by spiritualism, have been forced to acknowledge that materialism enters more largely into life on this terrestrial sphere than anything else. That state of scepticism was a time -ago. Now, though to the army of spiritualists I have not yet been added, I have to confess that that writer may have had some reason for his rhymes. And why P Well just because it seems that different people have differing definitions of words. On the authority of many learned and able men, who have in ages old and ne , from time to time, issued dictionaries' to a wondering world, I have held that a tendency was "a direction or ocurse to any place or object," and of consie beliefs, on the authority of' a' certain Mrs. McGill, who was a wo nan of weight in her own abiding place, pre sumably the Emerald Isle, we have it, however, that a " tindincy is a thing that ain't to be shpoke av to ghtly for. Its where what ain't so alriddy, is loikely to come on ye unbeknownst at any toime." Alter which we may at once confess that there must bi many more tendencies in human nature than are dreamed of in our philosophy. In notes of grievances, fancies, and thoughts of the week, was something about fashion, then I sat me down to think. What was there?, what is there? or what is there to be in Fashion that has not been dilated upon, written about, or depicted scores and scores of times ? Is there a turn, a cut, a crease or fold that has not been turned, uet, creased and folded by generation after generation of dress makers, or fair and ingenious devisers of 'something fresh' in attire where with they may enhance their own charms ? Where is the'bonnet, the hat, the toque, or any" of the varieties of headgear, that cannot be placed under any of those heads (descriptively, I mean), that has anything neti about it.? Never a- bow, a flower, -aigrette; or;a 'buckle, that"has 'not been'- seen before and used before, not once, but many times ? So brief a reign has any fresh mode in the fickle fancy of the fair, that none can be regarded or described in' parlansce strict as the fashion .of a century ago, for many times during the century is it almost universally worn, and many of its details are details of costumes that have come down from generations before that. Not once, but often, has woman wriggled along in skirts of eel skin fit, with tails sinuously con structed to respond in .sympathy to movements of the b-dy, which are to be the thing for this season, and the wide skirts, with the graceful ampli tude of which we are.so loth to part, have they not come in and gone out as regularly, if not as. frequently, as the seasons themselves? We have elab orated and condensed, condensed and elaborated, be-ribboned, be-braided, be laced, and bespangled the skirts, then without the. ghost of a reason that could be given for it, stripped them of everything that would in any way take from their plainness, and in almost. puritanic style taking our walks abroad in manner seemly and almost sad, seemingly: to match 'the .akirta~ Seasons without number have the flower fancies piled on high, which is, just now, the despair of the theatrical manager, adorned the feminine head, and equally numberleis are the peiiod ical returns to favor of the gem and sailor hat, which simple'and severe, sometimes reposes on the feminine head well over the feminine nose, some times clings,: apparently by -a single hair to the back of the feminine head, at times 'acquires a rakish little tip, giving an air of' daring, where almost. schoolgirl .aimrplicit: for the nonce had reigned. --The hair now worn in' a rious little looIp at the top of the head, is.soon to, be drawn down over the ears, and it looks as if towards the close of Queen Victoria's reign fashions at which-we have often smiled in depicted scenes of Her Majesty's more youthful years, are again to exercise dominion over us. If there is nothing new under the sun, how can we wonder at their being nothing new in Fashion. Fashion though often described is still inde scribable, for the secret of its un swerving hold- upon the feminine imaginition is evidently beyond human ken. The advanced woman, the pro fessional nuree, thile cyclist', and the Salvation Army lass are seemingly escaping from its thrall, but the great mass of -womankind throughout the cirilised world are, apparently, as far from renouncing their allegiance to the fickle goddess as they were in the days of old, when woman dreamed not of stepping out of what was then regarded as ' Woman's vphere,' and man as little reekrd of her incursions into his, wahich'is one ,f the great features of this age of onrs. I wonder, I do do something else sometimes, butt nmattere. for. w, nler Iment rise up so iearly and so late take tret ii these' modern days, that the brain seems kept up to speculation point, and it seems impossible to avoid being always at it, which is a somewhat prosaic ending to what was meant to be a paragraph of somewhat highflown character, and has also left the subject of it far in the rear. The particular cause for wonderment in this case, the state of dread people work themselves into, or let others' do it for them, in regard to what is to hapnen to them after death, and who let the thought of this last inevitable outcome of life, poison every hope and happiness that comes into existence for them, • The thought of death was evi dently meant to be. what it in most cases is, one of solemnity and awe, but it was surely never inteuded'to kill all pleasant thought of life with dread of its coming. Yet never, a day passes but some one or other uecrals a dread that his become chronic, of the .last day of life, or fearsome theories of i what is t, comr after. Some dream of fire and brimstone, otters work them- i selves into a state bordering on frenzy, 1 or into a condition akin to mental catalepsy over the possibility of ani- I h:lation,. while some few, dwelling on the' transmutatios. of souls, learn to hate all animalkind :vith a deep sand deadly hatred.. :ow, is not this a great reflection on.the wondroas'educational t advantages of the age,thereliglousteach ing and scientific discoveries. Civilised humanity in the mass now have access to all necessary branches of knowledge, i they nearly .all are pretty well ac quainted with the methods of training mind and bidy to the endurance of all r life and death can bring, and yet it seems as if through life we sit and shiver on the brink of eternity. . The E poet never wrote anything more true i than that : "The cward dies a thousand deaths, -. The brave can die but one." From babyhood almost we are taught E to think'of our inevitable' end, but I always the same undercurrent of dread I seems to run through all reference to c it. Of the hereafter why should such e morbid thoughts be cherished. The c religious light that has flooded the I world even in our own days should have a robbed it of some of the gloom with which prehistoric man, apparently, t invested it; No one who looks upon t the Creator as the Father of His people can conscientiously believe in i the fire and brims:one theory, and in I annihilation, if we have lived up to the a best ideals of duty we can form, there should be even less to dread. The t transmntation 'of souls it is so difficult N to take seriously. Those who. have t lived the longest and brightest lives seem to have had no fear of death, or I unreasoning terrors over what was to come after it, and it is certain that the t more bravely we learn to face .the in. I evitable, the more easily it will be endured. To do the best we can with this life sans peur sans reproche will surely be rewarded by the best there is in the next, which should banish all fear from the minds of all who try to do this'. '"The RMilway, Department s'eemsr'to have-at last awakened to the fact that there' are dirty carriages in use on Victorian railway lines. At last in a moment of, perhaps, misguided can fidiece, they have acknowledged that there is a possibility of such being the 1 case. If they could only see in what tangible form that possibility assumes. If they only had to travel backwards and forwards shut in with cushions tlat seem to exhale the odour of stale' tobacco.' If they could be visited with 1 a qualm or two of the' almost sea- sick ness that overcomes some of those who find they have unexpectedly stepped on to floors slippery with saliva, or ] dingy. with dirt, how quickly thoewrong would be righted. It is all very well to avoid the smoking carriages, a hurried dash into another compartment :reveals the fact that if smokers have not been there, the smoke has. Perhaps the smell has been travelling on its own aceount and the floors are bespattered. Ugh ! What a horrible habit that spitting is! It is, I suppose, mani. festly' impossible to clean carriages used by that class of' youths who spit here, there, and everywhere, careless of direction or aim, after every journey, but an effort for more cleanliness might be made. Birds of a feather flock together, -and there are few porters who could hot tell at a glance which carriages are likely to need more frequent cleansing than any other. If there is: not surreptitious smoking in some of the non-smoking carriages, there must be something very like it, and though Jerome K. Jerome says that "none but evil spirits and green flies object to smoking," yet it seems as if the 'good spirits and flies of less verdant bhoe, who would not object to the atmosphere of some of our railway i carriages, must have very queer tastes, or very strong powers of smell resistance. It is a matter of cleansing and airing more than any thing else, though a more liberal allowance of space would help to mini mise the evil. This last in retrench ment day is almost too much to ask, but extra cleansoliness, would that quite ruin the Department I and cushions, what of them I Well, if the com partments must be cushioned and padded, both cushions and padding should be removable. The first need to be beaten and brushed, shaken and aired. They want to be taken quite out of the caerriages more tha once a day when they are in such continual use. The first-clasti carriages are in worse cushion case than the second, for they are cushioned more completely than the others, and if warmer in this cold weather, are also so much more stuffy that those who regard health more than dignity, should go second c!las until the new corridor cars are ready for use. 