LIFE IN ENGLAND HALF A CENTURY AGO. Miss M. Betharu-Edwards, the well-known novelist, has issued a volume of reminiscences. Miss Edwards is the daughter of a Suffolk farmer, and her descriptions and anecdotes of the Suffolk folk, both lay and clerical, in the district round about the old manor house of Westerfield, near Ip3wieh, where her enrlv years were spent, deserve (says a London critic) to rank with 'Our Village' or the im mortal 'Cranford.' The parson as she knew him was very much as ho is described in Joseph Arch's recollections. In other words, lie ' w&s; no more fit to be a clergyman than to be dancing master to the Royal Family.' Re ferring to the parson in her own village Miss Edwards eays i— Of bis numerous children one boy was particularly obstreperous at church. He would put his mother's bonnet strings into her mouth when the poor woman drowsed during the long marital sermon, make wry faces at his brothers and sisters, and other wise set them a'titter. The family pew lay immediately under the pulpiti, but at last, tho contagion of mischief proving irre sistible, the incorrigible youngster was im prisoned on the steps behind his father. On a summer afternoon hardly had the final benediction escaped the preacher's lips when a tremendous blow resounded through the church. Everyone stared aghast. With a backhanded cuff that might almost have felled an ox our rector had sent the unfortunate boy backwards, shouting for all to hear. 'How dare you, sir, thus misbehave yourself when I am preaching God's word in the pulpit V Doubtless a highly effective moral lesson was intended. The result wa3 that many church I people betook themselves to chapel ever after.' The communion service had a very worldly significance for some of the parishioners. 'I do not know how ib may be in most country places, but in our village a curious , custom prevailed. The wine used for coni munion service was luscious Tont or Malaga, and what remained in the chalice \va9 given to j tho aged poor who were present. The cere- ' monial had a peculiarly aristocratic character j little according with tho doctrino of Christian humility. No chamberlain more exactly as- j signed the rank of court visitors. First ; knalt the rector's wife and daughters aud j squire's family, next in order came the j largor or so-called gentlemen farmers aud their womankind ; following these the village shopkeepers and small tradesmen and | tradeswomen ; lastly, the laboring folk, gene- i rally a pitiable group, consisting of decrepit grandsires and crones just able to hobble. No ; sooner had the solemn rite been administered than a sonorous deep-drawn quaffing was heard ' from the lower end of the rails, the poor old : men and women gratefully swallowing tho re- j mains of the wine. It might have been better | to go through this little performance in tho j vestry. Anyhow, who can doubt that such a custom proved a snare? My nurse (the good j woman lives and corresponds with ma still) j was returning from her own church one Sun- I day morning when she encountered a neighbor j coming from his ; it was Sacrament Sunday, j ' So. Master (laborers were called Master, never ] Mister) Smith, lika me, I s'pose, you have been j to tho table':' 'Yes,' was the ruflled reply, 'and I might as well have stayed at home. I ? only got one d ? d drop !' ' Another characteristic story is the follow ing : — 'A young married couple had deter mined, for some reason or other, to havo their ! first born christened simply 'Fred.' The fancy was perhaps foolish, but the child's name certainly concerned its parents only. ' They would have nothing to do with Frederick, but only the monosyllabic pet name. This is the scene I witnessed aB a child. We were especially interested iu little Fred, j and had sent him his christening i frock. Clergyman— ' Name this child!' Mother, shyly— 'Fred, sir.' Clergyman, roughly — 'Frederick, you mean?' Mother, j growing nervous, feeling that all eyes are i upon her— '.No, sir, Fred, if you please, sir.' I Clergyman, with an impatient murmur and vicious splash of holy water— 'Frederick, Ij baptise thee in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.' As a matter of course, Fred's parents afterwards patronised the meeting-house.' Rural ideas iu thoso days had a stronger ! flavor of the unexpected than in our own edu- j cational times. But Miss Edwards calls to memory the tale of the rustic maiden who was ' invited to take a walk with her lover. 'Oh, no I1' she replied, without the slightest hesita tion, 'it is not dark enough yet.:l Standards of conduct, Miss Edwards remarks, differed j in the middle of the century from those now | generally accepted. ' For instance, walking one day to Ipswich we met alaborer's wife and her two daughters, girls of 1£ and 14. 'So, j Mrs. P ? ,' said my eldest sister, ' you have ! been shopping ?' ' No, miss,' replied the good i woman with an unmistakable air of self- j approval, 'but I am anxious to do ray girls all | the good I can, so I have just taken them to see a man hanged.'' Nothing strikes Miss Edwards more than the improvement in tho education of girls since she herself attended a school near her home. The discipline of those days is unheard of now. The victim iu the following case was the daughter of a baker, whose education was paid for by 'daily cart loads of bread.' She appears to have com mitted some offence which incurred social disapprobation : — ' At 8 o'clock, just before bed-time, all the girls marshallod by principal and head governess, trooped down to the kitchen. fcThere, stripped naked, in a tub, stood Rebecca H ? , exposed to the taunts and objurgations of tho rest. For some minutes thie disgraceful scene lasted, the ohorus increasing in fury* and volume. 'Oh, Rebecca I Oh, dirty, odious Rebecca ! oh, filthy Rebecca !' cried, howled, shouted these vicious lookers- pn, the little naked figure bear ing her martyrdom in stolid silence. Not a tear, not a cry escaped her, very probably her fseling being one of intense thankfulness, amazement chat viudictiveness ended here, and that she was not beaten within an inch of her life as welL' ' Bush Fancies and Camp-fire Yarns' is the title of a small volume of prose and verse which has come to us from the author, Mr. Walter Dollman, jun., who is well known in connection with Adelaide literary societies and whose name is frequently seen at the foot of contributions to local papers. The book is commended to public attention in a preface by the Rev. W. G. Marsh, but the contents of the work are sufficiently meritorious to attract readers even without the extraneous aid of a judicious and kindly patron. The rhymes, which are sweet and simple, are principally of a narrative or descriptive character, while the camp-fire yarns are all brightly written and interesting. As a first effort the venture is decidedly promising and no doubt with due encouragement from the purchasing public Mr. Dollman will do better in the future. The publishers of the volume are Messrs. A. & E. Lewis, of Franklin-street. 