C r u m b s . Cool. Biondi. fMimiiKiry. Nominations. Theatre Royal. A new Loan Bill. An expert in rau. Both Houses ;ig-iin. A fatal riot in India. . . "That's a lie,'"' said Hutchison. Look out for silverplated pennies. Three candidates for the iMayoraity. Russell has a down on the squatters. (Sweeping denunciation of Australians. Christian Endeavour Notes on page 4. Was- the Bishop of BaJlarat indisposed? Hot speech from tbe Bishop of Ballarat. Reaping general at Wirrabara next week. Bubonic plague causing rioting in India. Mass meeting of railway servants tonight. A stormy meeting of ratepayers at Rosewater. •'Scattered, paltry, hideous worshipsheds." Bishop of Ballarat indulging in extravagant talk. Ward and Russell sparring in the Council yesterday. Union Parliament will be at sea to-morrow night. Two petitions presented against the Companies Bill. Smeaton denied that he was a nominee of Kingston. Sir John Fowler, the famous civil engineer, is dead. Rickards's Show at the Royal lias attracted good houses. The plague is increasing in severity in. the Madras Presidency. Smeaton, Stevens, and Ware candidates for the Mayoralty. At Pyap 700 acres will return from 4 to 5 bushels an acre. Hutchison made to withdraw, and told not to do it again. Speaker dropped on Hutchison like a thousand o' bricks. Central Board of Health does not "want an "Expert in Rats'." Uncle Sam very generous towards the Dons over the Philippines. Money value of Hooley's gift to St. Paul's paid oyer to his creditors. McKirJey has allowed Spain, one week in which to consider terms. Sydney Labour Party has decided to oppose the proposed duty on tea. Dowager- Empress of China doesn't believe in a Chino-Jap alliance. In the Lyrup Settlement 500 acres will not average more than i bushels. Ward says that Russell hasn't tihe ghost of a chance of being re-elected. In the Holder Village Settlement 1,300 acres will average about 10 bushels. Parliament will look into the Glenclg Railway dispute before going to law. "They listened to a. cabled hubbub of ritualistic strife in England placidly." Sun rose at 4.32 aim.; sets at 6.35 p.m. Moon set at 1.5 a.m. : rises at 2.2 p.m. Spanish Commissioners exhibiting a more a friendly spirit towards the Americans. While the Bishop of Ballarat was hysterical, yet he uttered some home truths. Ward advised his fellow-members to read "TVeedon's Morality of the Prohibition Laws." Mas O'Rell says that all intelligent France entertains feelings of respect for Ens-land. i Charles Lovelace fell 49 ft. in the Broken Hill South Aline, aud is now in a dangerous condition. Great improvements made to the works of the Adelaide Crystal Ice Company at lliebarton. "In the banquet of social life we sometimes mistake the scum for the cream," says Sellar. Ballarat East Branch of the A.N.A. strongly resent the aspersions passed upon Australians. Rhode's railway means the opening of a great street through the centre of the African Continent. United States Peace Commissioners have made an offer to Spain of £4,000,000 for the Philippine Islands. Addison ^objected to Sandford speaking from Gordon's seat. Cussedness or Pettiness,_which, Addison? "No feature of religious life seemed to him more deplorable than their denominational disintegration." "There was a division between Christians, for the most part based upon no positive necessity bnt rancour." A lifeboat made of pumice-stone lias been tested. It continued afloat with a load even when full of water. d t b c ( c t c t h p i g a o s a c "Our mirth was too little distinguishable from frivolity. Our amusements drifted stubbornly towards folly."' So far £1,500 has been spent on the Broken Hill 'Trades Hall, and a good deal more is required to finish it. Premier Reid wishes to reserve January for his meeting with the other Premiers on the question of Federation. There is an old Saying that the world would be better if every lawyer killed a parson and was hanged fyr it. A Victorian, wlio wishes to guard against the introduction of the bubonic plague, describes himself as an expert in rats. Vigorous measures taken by Anglo-Indian officials to stamp out the bubonic plague have led to a terrible riot in Mysore. "Memories of the boom time quite forbade us holding up our hands in righteous indignation at the Hooley scandals." Ware says he will oppose a reduction in Corporation labourers' wages. Where's the candidate that will not say ditto? Mclvinley said to have overcome liis personal predilections in favour of a rigid application of the principles of protection. Peake, who has just returned from a trip through the Village Settlements, says they are looking better than he expected to find them. "'It was sheer unreason to expect that an efficient clergy could be secured on such unworthy and precarious stipends as were, as a rule, available." "As to Australian commercial life, he had not met a citizen who had not com plained of being plundered and victimized in some lousiness transaction." Government Geologic says that the country from Cape Willoughby to Cape Borda, Kangaroo Island, is likely to contain gold and other, minerals. "I would not go to Gladstone and say one thing and then to Crystal Brook and say another. I don't believe in the yes-no argument."—Mr. Foster on Mr. Roberts. Best crop on the river is at the Waikere Settlement, 360 acres of wheat standing nearly 6 feet high, a greal^ portion of which is estimated to go 30 bushels to the acre. •'That young gentleman, Mr. Roberts, had a deal of conceit. When he got a few more years' experience lie would say less, and saying less would have a little more weight.'—Mr. Foster. South Australia owes a vast sum of money, aud she should be careful about playing.the part of special Providence to some thousands of people, whom in the end her adoption of the role may not benefit in reality and in truth. "On January 1, 1853, thirteen of us dined together; eleven years after wc were all alive, — nearly the ; whole of the party having taken part in the suppression of the mutiny, and five or six having been wounded."—Loid Roberts. "He could scarcely credit liis own memory "when he recalled the scandals, scornful apathy, strife, and slovenly surroundings of worship, and the miserable irreverence that facet^ him throughout onr land when he came to his Diocese in 1875." "'There was no man whose hand had fallen heavier or whose acts had done more irreparable harm to South Australia than the Hon. Thomas Playford. (Chief Secretary—"South Australia does not think so.") "No; South Australia liked to be humbugged very often."—Hon. 13. Ward, iu Legislative Council. Washington Government agrees to undertake to preserve an "open door" in the Philippines to the world's commerce, and to provide in the treaty of jieace that vessels and merchandise shall for nest five years be admitted at Philippine ports on the same conditions as vessels nd goods from America. S. E. Gregory, P. A Iredale. A. Newell, A. C. K. McKenzie, V. Trumper, M. A. Noble, J. J. Kelly, G. Youll. T. R. Mo Kibbin, A. C-ouingham, L. W. Pye, W. owell, B. Farquhar. H. Donnan, A. Bowen, and R. A. Cuff are the Sidney men to practise for the forthcoming ntercolonial cricket fixtures. A proper provision for the deserving poor s aij obligation which no civilized commuiity worthy of the name can neglect. Hie is, "Cannot tHis be accomplished y the machinery already available—a liberal extension of the Destitute Asylum the direction of cottage lioi&es;, the trengthening of Friendly Societies, and the due encouragBment of thrift and selfelp?" L k 