\- SUMMARY. , The total value of metals exported from Tasmania during June was £67,214, as against £95,865 for June last year. The annual balance-sheet of the Bank of New Zealand, presented to. Parliament yes terday, shows a net profit for the year of '£74,900. t A southerly buster at Corakl yesterday up rooted trees, shook houses, and left the streets and low lands one sheet of water. The opposition line of North Coast steam ers has reduced fares considerably, and greatly Increased the passenger traffic. Numbers of aliens continue to pass through the southern townships, begging their way to Sydney. The Queensland Meat and Dairy Board has approved of the Bergl Australia Co.'s \- application for an advance of £0000 for. the erection of extract and preserving works near Emerald. The Central Board of Health In Brisbane has decided to request the Government to In troduce a measure dealing with the question of public health in a comprehensive manner. South Australian Government bonds,' wqrlh 4 per cent., amounting to £80,000, fall ing due yesterday, were exchanged for 3 per cent, interminable stocks, which realised £99 5s. Mr. Ben Tlllett was entertained at a dinner by the Trades Hall Council yesterday, prior to. his departure from Sydney, via New Zea land. The British Government announces that It will gladly utilise the seafaring population of. the colonies In augmenting the strength of the navy. The. amount of coal exported at Newcastle during the week ended yesterday afternoon totalled 42.7G3 tons. The inquiry into the Adelalde-ICalgoorlie trquble In. the Port River has been adjourned for -further, evidence. R.M.S. Alameda, from Sydney and ports, arrived at San Francisco on Wednesday last. R.M.S. yPenlnsulan off to London at ; noon to- day. Japanese R.M.S. Omi Maru sailed for Hongkong and Japan at noon to-day. . N.C.S.N. Co.'s ICallatina made the record run from. Sydney to the Clarence of 24 hours. .General French has returned to Sydney after a visit to the Queensland encampment and the northern districts. : Mr. District-Court Judge Forbes has re tired upon his pension. The Governor officially opened the sheep show yesterday. Mr. Thomas Rearnan, of Adelaide, has re ceived a letter from his son, describing some of the terrors of a trip to Klondyke, which are sufilclent to deter anyone from venturing. A large deputation of religious societies wafted upon the South Australian Premier yesterday, asking him to malffe the laws re lating to social purity more stringent. .The late Mr. Thomas Crotty's estate is valued at £100, 000,. which goes to the Roman Catholic Church, save small annuities to the widow and some relatives. ; Returns show a steady improvement in the receipts from the income tax in Victoria, £18G,217 being collected for the year. A fireman named Joseph I-Iall was yester day so' seriously injured at Evelelgh station that he died almost as soon as he reached the hospital. , ' The' Mohawk has visited and hoisted the British flag on the Santa Cruz and Duff . Islands. .The late shipment of jarra from West Aus tralia to South Africa has given the greatest satisfaction, and more shipments have been ordered. The West Australian land revenue for the financial year amounted to £1GG,000. . Mr. Carruthers is getting a supply of Go vernment blankets for the poverty-stricken people of Hurstvllle. America Intends to retain the Philippines, and to institute a generous and humane sys tem of government in the Islands. The British Government Intends to support British railway enterprise In China. Social Democrats claim to have obtained 2,122.000 votes at the recent elections for the German Reichstag. The new French Premier says that he relies alone upon the Republicans for support. ' It is intended to replace the French taxes on windows and property by an Income tax based upon external evidences of wealth. Steamer Maeleay, bound from Richmond River to Sydney, struck on Telegraph Rook yesterday, and put Into Port Stephens. She Is not seriously injured. R.M.S. Victoria arrived from London this : morning. Barque Chlpperkyle was 134 days on the passage from New York to Sydney. She en- coutered a cyclone, and lost two of the crew by death. / The Rockhampton Marine Board hold Capt. Brand of the Leichhardt, and Captain Law rence, of the Vlissengen, to-blame for the col- , llsion between those vessels, and ordered; the masters to pay the cost of the inquiry. Mr. Tom Roberts has painted a presenta tion portrait of Captain Broomileld. Dr. E. Maynard Pain, a son of Canon Pain, of St. John's, Darlinghurst, lias offered him- ' self for foreign missionary qervlce. The usual Fourth of July reception will be. " held at the American Consulate, Martin-place on Monday. The Queensland Government has decided to Introduce a bill providing for the payment of a farthing per lb. on all chilled meat exported ' from the colony. The no-confidence debate in New Zealand concluded last, night, when the amendment on the Address-in-Reply was defeated by 30 votes to 21. The first batch of retrenched West Austra lian civil servants, 70 In all, were relieved from duty on Thursday. The W.A. Premier has not been able as yet to announce the revenue returns for the \- year. The figures for the month are not sa tisfactory. Broken Hill council lias decided to adopt a bylaw dealing with people congregating in the streets for the purpose of betting. The consolidated revenue of Tasmania for June was £07,222, as against £97,655 for June last year. ' The New Zealand Government lias intro duced a bill providing for a referendum ' in the case of a bill twice rejected by either House. Mr. Ben Tlllett will deliver farewell ad dresses next week In Sydney. It Is generally expected that' Parliament will conclude Its labours at the end of next week. The Premier lias at last decided to give the muncipaltties the 2s Gd in the £ subsidy. . The Soudan donkey gave up the ghost on .'June 29. The. animal,, which was brought from the Soudan by the New South Wales contingent 13 years ago, died at the Zoo. Mosman has applied to the police' authori ties for a lockup. , z Considerable excitement was caused In Perth yesterday by a rumour that the Bu- llmba, with 250 passengers aboard, has been .wrecked In a-gale. Freemason's Annual Ball, for Masons and . Friends. In the Lancaster case at Perth, where .. a; man killed his wife and committed suicide, it transpired that his son knew of the tra gedy, but spent eight hours endeavouring to sell the news to newspapers, before informing the police. Only half a mile separates the Spanish and 'American armies to the north of Santiago de ' Cuba, and an Immediate attack is a cer tainty. ' American reinforcements have left Tampa for Cuba. The American Consul at Port Said pur chased the whole coal supply available, so aB to prevent the recoaling of Spanish warships. ' The Spanish squadron has been requested to leave Port Sai(J forthwith, us the time limit for the stay of belligerent vessels In neutral ports has expired. Freemasons' Annual Ball, Town Hall, July 28. For all kidney complaints Gllbc-y's Dry Gin. Tucker and Co., agents, Sydney. Finest Cremery J3utter, Grocers jet Wara- tah or Barooua Brands. Foley Bros., Ltd., A. The celebrated Rum sold by P. R. Larkin, Haymarkct, Is highly recommended for in fluenza and general winter use. As he holds large stocks ot it in bond, this guarantees it being well matured. See advertisement oij page 15 Tattersall's Grand N.II. and Waterloo Cup, July 9 and 12, each at 5. C.o, Geo. Adams, SMbart. . ... 