he salt ft'Ohie. A DETEOTIVE STORY. r Law&nxasc; i. Lrsxca, Author of "'No. Proof," Moisa,'" &c.; P 45al6t c a arrngeenft suG M ;.r. Wa ".. ck 4. Co., Ltd. , [ ' .[ALL ams zaslvsia.] CHAPTER - VII. RE UnCIATIOtN. Ferrars had predicted that nothing would be gained by the inquest, and the result proved him a prophet. Peter Kramer, the poor half-wit who had given the first clue to the where abouts of the murdered man, was found, and his confidence won by much coaxing, and more sweets and shining pennies, the only coin which Peter would ever reco, niso as such, but the result was smau'. Asked had he seen the teacher, the reply was, "Yep." Asked where, "Most by Injun hill." Asked what doing, "Settin' 'own." " Had he heard the pistol fired ?" asked the doctor. "Un I Uh I Heard nawthin." " And whom did yqu seei Peter, besides the teacher r' Again the look of affright in the dull eyes, the arm lifted as in self- protection, and the only word they could coax from his lips was, "Ghost 1" uttered in evident fear and trembling. And this was repeated at the inquest. This, and no more, from Peter. Mrs Fry, Charles Brierly's landlady. told how the dead man had appeared at breakfast, and her testimony did not acoord with the statement of her little daughter. ".Miss Grant has told me of my little girl's mistake," she said. "Mr Ilrierly was down-stairs unusually early that morning, and he did not look quite as well as usual. He looked worried, in fact, and ate little. He was always a small eater, and I said something about his eat ing even less than usual, and I can't re call the exact words. Nellie, of course, did not observe the worried look, as I did. and quoted me wrong. Mr lrierly left the house at once after leaving the table. I did not think of it at first, but it came to me this morning that as he did not carry any books with him, he must of course have meant to come back for them, and- " She paused. "And, of course," suggested the coro S ei; '? he must have had his pistol upon his person when he came down to break fast1 Is that your meaning 1" "Yes, sir." The weapon, found near the dead man's hand as it had doubt'ess. fallen from it, was there in evidence, as it had been picked up with two of the chambers That it was not a case ofmurder for plunder was proven, or so they thought, ythe fact that the dead man's watch was found upon his person; his pockets con taining a small sum of money, pencils, knives, note book, a small picture case, closed with a spring, and containing Hilda Grant's picture, and a letter from his brother. Hilds Grant's brief testimony did not agree with that of Mrs Fry. "She saw her lover, alive, for the last time on the evening before his death. He was in good spirits, and if there was any thing troubling him he gave no sign of it. Be was by nature quiet and rather re served," she said. . "Yes, she knoew his habit of sometimes going to the lake shoretbeyond the town to practice at target-shooting, but when he did not appear at his post at nine o'clock, she never thought to send to the lake shore at first, because he isualy re turned from his mornor, exercise before nine o'clock, aid so heot fi~t -hu;ht had been to send to Mrs Fry's ' When the doctor and RIoner: er about to leave the scene of the murnur, among other instructions given to Doran had been this : "Don't say anything in town about Mr Brierly's arrival; you know how curious , our people are, and we would have a lot , of curiosity lov,.rs hovering around my I place to see and hear and ask questions. I Just caution the others, will you I" Doran held an acknowledged leader ship over the men with whom lie con sorted, and the group willingl preserved I alienee. Later, when Doctor Barnes ex-l plained to Ferrarn how he had kept the ourious away from his door, and from Brierly, he thought the detective's grati fication because of this rather strange, just at first, ind in exces of the cause. "You couldn't have done a better thing," Ferrars had declared. " It's more , than I had ventured to hope. Keep Brierly's identity as close as possible un til the inquest is called, and then hold it back, and do not put him on the stand until the last." After Mrs Fry, the boy Peter, and Hilda Grant had been questioned, Samuel Doran took the witness chair, telling of his summons from Miss Grant, of the separation of the group at the Indian Mound, of his meeting with Mrs Jamie son, of the discovery made by his two companions and of allthat fo'lowed. And then Mrs Jamieson was cnlled. She had entered the place accompanied by an acquaintance trom the Glenville, and they had taken, from choice, as it seemed to them, seats in the rear of the jury, and somewhat aloof from the place where Hilda Grant, Mrs LMarcy, and Mrs Fry sat Robert rierly would have taken his place beside Hilda, but the detective -. .in? g to the precautions of the doc tor and Mr Dosan, the ifare: of your re lationship has not leaked out. - It appears that Mrs Fry was not informed of your eoming until the evening before, or Thursday evening, and she seems to be a very discreet woman. After the inquest yoe will be free to devote yourself to hie Grant Until then, it is my whim, If you like, to keep you incog." Of course Briely acquiesced, but more than once he found himself wonderinmg why this should seem to Ferrars needful. Mrs Jamieson came quietly to the wit nmases' ehir, and took her place. There was a little stir as she came forward, for, while she had been for some weeks mi Olenville, and had driven much about its ountry roads and lanes, she had gone,; for the most part, more or less closely: wdled in fleecy ganzes of black or white Afoot she was seldom seen beyond the grounds about the family hotel. To-day, however, the lady had choseen to wear a Parisian looking gown of dull black silk and a tiny capote of the usame Material rested upon her blonde and abundant hair, while only the filmiest of white illudsion veiled, but did not hide, the pretty face from which the blue eyes looked out and about her, gravely but with perfect self-po,,eeon She told of her morning drive, and while so doing, Fernrar, sitting a little in the rer of the coroner, slipped into his p a small card closely written upon at sides. Upon one sid was writtem, s, Use these as random shots." ad when she spoke of the man whom she had seen going into the wood near the mnound, the doctoy interposed his irsnt goqestion. "Can you describe the person at all? His dress, his bearing I" "Not distinctly," she replied. "lie was going from me, and his face, of course, I could not see. In fact. as I have before stated, my pony was fresh, and required my attention Besides, there was really no reason why I should look a second time at the back of a strange person whom I passed at some little dis tance. As I seem to recall the figure now, it was that of a rather tall, fair haired man. I can say no more." , h' And at what hour was this 1" "It must have been nearing eight o'c'ock, I fancy, although being out for pleasuro I took little notice of the hour." No further interruptions were made until she had finished the story of the morning's experience of her meeting with Doran and the others, of the drive to the village, and of her message to Miss Grant " Did you know Miss Grant 1" "Only as I had seen her at church, and upon the street or in the school yard. We had never met, prior to that morning." " And Charles Prierly ? Did you know him ?" " Only by sight. I know few people in Gleoville outside of my hn-of the Glenville House." Both the doctor and Ferrara noted the unfinished word bro on off at the first syllable To the one.it was a riddle; to the other it told something which he might find useful later on. - " M:r Jamieson," resetmed the coroner, after consulting the detective's card. " how far did you drive yesterday before you turned about upon the wood road I" For a moment the lady seemed to be questioning her memory.- Theii she re plied. "The distance in miles, or fractions of mi!es, I could not gire. I turned the pony about, I remember, at a place where the road curves toward the lake, at the old mill, near the opening of the wood." " Ah, then you could see, of course, for some distance up and down the lake shore I" "I could I' There was a hint of surprise in her coldly courteous reply. `-And at tl>t point did you see any thing, any one in the wood, or along the lake 1" " I certainly saw no person. But-yes, I do remember that there was a boat at the water's edge, not far from tihe place where I turned homeward. It was a little beyond, or north of me." " Did you observe whether there were oars in the boat 1" "I saw none, I am quite iure," the lady replied, and this ended her part in the inquiry. But now there were some youthful, eager and valuable now witnesses, and their combined testimony amounted to this : .When the bedy of their beloved teacher had been brought home and the frst hour of excitement had liassed, three boys, who had been among Charles Brierly's brightest and most mischief loeing and adventurous pupils, had set out, a full hour in advance of the elder exploring party, and had followed the lake shore and the wood road. one closely skirting the lake shore, another running through the sparse timber and under growth about half way up the shallow slope, and the third trotting down the road beyond ; the three keeping pretty nearly parallel until the discovery, by tihe lad upon the shore of the boat drawn out of the water, and it, the shade of a tree. This had brought the others down to the lake and then caused them to go hastily back. lMeeting the Iarty of men, who were not far behind them, the boys had turned beck with them, . and now there was a crowd of witnesses to corroborate the story of the boat. SIt.stood, they all allirmed, in the shade of a spreading tr.e, so as that no sun rays had beaten upon it, and its sides were still damp from recent contact with the water, while it stooei entirely upon the land. Two oars, also shoning signs of contact with the lake, were in the little boat, blade ends down, and it was evident that its late occupant had dis embarked in haste, for, while the stake by which the boat had been secured stood scarcely three feet away, and the chain and padlock lay over the edge of the little craft, there had been no effort to secure it, and the oars had the look of having been hastily shipped and left thus without further care. When the matter of the boat had been fully investigated, the coroner and Fer rars conferred together for some mo mcnts, and during these moments Mrs Jamieson and her companion exchanged some whispered words. Through some mistake, it would seem, these two had been giren places which, while aloof from the strange men, and almost in the rear of the jurors, brought them facing the open door of the inner room, where, in full view, the shrouded body of the murdered man lay, and from the first the eyes of the t eo seemed he'd and fascinated by the sight of the long, still tigure outlined under the white covering. Is it possible," whispered the lady witness, "that we must sit here until the end, face to face with that !" She was rembling slightly, as she spoke. " It is making me nervous." "And no wonder," tnurmnured her friend. " tut it must be almost over. I -I confess to some curiosity. This is such a new anid unusual sensation, to be here, you know." "Ugh !' .Mrs Jamieson turned away, for the coroner was speaking 'riThere is oune point." he said, "upon which our witnesses differ, and that is the mental condition of the deceased during thte twenty-four hours preceding his death. Another witness will now speak upon this ieatter Mr Robert Brierly, the blrothtr-of Cla:-ies Brierly, will now testify." As Mr Robert Brierly came out from the rather secluded place he had hereto fore occupied, at tihe suggestion of the detective, all eyes were fixed upon him. There could be no doubt of his relation. ship to the deceased. It was the same face, but dasker and stronger; the mes tall form, but brader and more athletic. The eye. of this man were darker and more resolute than those of his dead brother, his hair was browner, too, and where the faos of the one had been full of. kindliness and gentle :? 'ndt gCeolute. 1 (Bh- beyond a doubt, thee twob were b rothsr. There was a stir as Brierly made his wray forward, paused before the coroner and faced the jury; and then, as hiseyes fell upon the two figure. in the rear of that body, he made a sudden step for. ward. "Doctor t" he called quickly, "you are needed here I A lady has faunted " For a moment all was forgotten, roe the white face that had fallae bhek epe her friend's shoulder, and that seemed even whiter because of the black gsr ments, and beneath the halo of fair blonde hair. "I wau that," emtpamd the .rimis, towua the ed ided iar In isa mer rmoo. "h h. beam pwly min and more servou forwe e tieme. Robert Bisely wase.ibs as hI side, but, as the doctor took his plae and he drew back a pace, a hand toahed his arm. "Step aside," whispered Feare,?. "where she cannot see you." And with out c~mprehending but answering a look in the detective's eye, he obeyed. Mrs Jamieson did not at once recover, and the doctor and Ferrar carried her across the hall and into the room lately occupied by Brierly. As Mrs Arthur followed them, it seemed to her that the detective, whom of course she did not know as such, was assuming the leader ship, and that half a dozen quick words. were spoken by him to the doctor, across her friend's drooping head. " She must be removed immediately," said the doctor a moment after. "Let some one find a carriage or phaeton at once." Then, as Ferrar did not move from his place beside the bed where they had placed the unconscious woman, he strode to the chamber door, said a word or two to Doran, who had followed them as far as the door, and came back to his place beside the bed. Before Mrs Jamieson had opened her eyes a low wagonette was at the door, and when the lady became conscious and had been raised and given a stimulating draught, she was lifted again by Ferrar. and Doctor Barnes and carried to the waiting vehicle, followed by Mrs Arthur. " Kindly take the place beside the driver, madam," directed the doctor. "My friend will go with the lady and assist her; it will be best. It is possible that she may faint again." And so they drove away, Mrs Arthur beside Doean, the driver; and Mrs Jamieson, stilt pallid and tremulous, leaning upon the supporting shoulders of Ferrara, silent and with closed eyes. As he lifted her from the wagon ette, and assisted her up the steps, and within the door, however, the lady s tmed to recover herself with an effort. She had crossed the threshold supported by Ferrars on the one side, and leaning upon her friend's arm upon the other, and at the door of the reception room she turned, saying faintly "Let me rest here first. Before we go unstairs, I mean." Then, withdrawing her hand from her friend's arm, she seemed to steady herself, and standing more erect, turned to Ferrarn. " 1 must not trouble you longer, now, sir. You have been most kind." Her voice faltered, she paused a moment, and then held out her hand. " I should like very much to hear the outcome," she hesitated. 1" With your permission," the detective replied quickly, " I will call to ask after your welfare, and to inform you if I can." He turned to go but she made a move ment toward him. "That poor girl," she said, "I pity her so. Do you know her well, sir 1" She was quite herself now, but her voice was still weak and tremulous. " You have not heard, I see, that she is my cousin." "No. I would like to call upon her. Will you ask her if I may 7" He nodded and she added quickly, " And call, if you please, to-morrow." Robert Itrierly told his story almost without interruption ; all that he knew of his brother's life in the village; of his coming earlier than he was expected, and of his firm belief that his brother had been made the victim of foul play. Possibly killed by mistake, because of some fancied resemblance; for his life, which had been like an open book to all his friends, held no secrets, no "episodes," and enemies he never had one. In short, he could throw no light upon the mystery of his brother's death. RIather, his story made that death seem more mysterious than at first because of the possibilities that it rendered at least probable. But this evidence had its effect upon a somewhat bucolic jury. That Charles Brierly-had been shot by another hand than his own had been very c'early de monstrated, for his brother would have no doubt whatever left upon this point; while he little knew how much the judi cious whispers and hints uttered it the right places, and with apparent intent of confidence and secrecy, had to do with the shaping of the verdict, which was as fellows " We, the jury, find that the deceased, Charles Brierly, died from a bullet wound, fired, according to our belief, by mistake or accident, and at the hands of some person unknown." And now came the question of proof. "It must be cleared up, ' said Robert Brierly to the detective. " I am not a rich man, Mr Ferrars but all that I have shall be spent at need to bring the truth to light. For I can never rest until I have learned it. It is my duty to my dead brother, father, mother--all." And late that night, alone in his room he looked out upon the stars hung low upon the eastern horizon and mur mured " Ah, Ruth, Ruth, we were far enough asunder before, and now -Ah, it was well to have left you your freedom, for now the gulf is widening; it may soon, it will soon be impassable." And he sighed heavily, as a strong man sighs when the tears are very near his eyes and the pain close to his heart. OLAPTER Viii, TSICK5RY. As was quite natural, the three men, thrown so strangely and uuexpectedly to gether at the doctor's ottage, sat up late after the inquest, and discussed thI strange death of Charles Brierly in all its bearing. As a result of this they slept somewhat late, except the detective, who let himself out of the house at sunrise, and lighting a cigar, set off for a short walk, up one certain street, and down an other5 He walked slowly, sad looked indo'ently absorbed in his cigar. Bat it ws a very observant eye that noted, from under the peak of his English cap, the streets, the houses, and the very few stray pe6ple whom he assed., It was not the people, though, so whom he use chieSy intteesd. Fermre was instly studying the topogaP0y of the town, at leat of that portu o alit whish he was then traversing with asoh seaming sim lesnes. From the doctor's ctt bhe.had man tre? north for earalh eraesad over, until-he reached the pw. orer raced street, ad followed it ueatil a hd reached the southern end of the vilIsge and was i sight of the sheolhoes not far beyond. Touraig her h caed a street or two, and was usring the homs where the dead school teacher had lived, when he Maw the freat door of the homa open, end a womes came out ead bsstm away in the diretio in s which h as moving. She hrried on like em . intst upon some · absrng e d, sad, bow. ing the houe - the Ite hom .t (jbs e Brisrly, sad the wma as its mim"es, IFrran qi tduia?ed *i Mas t he might kee he i sght, m, whL ,he t era the oeser li d ti a the doctors ostsge h lther ermel bi speed, helgsui.suctavly t bat erand, rwhatever il eatere, waL hake Be saw the doctor s i a asb was hersis bategeus hi m, face of the doctor, visible above her head, changed from a look of mild wown der to such sudden anxiety and amase ment that the detective halted at the gate, hesitating, and was seen at that instant by the doctor, who beckoned him on with a look of relief. ', Look here, Ferrars," le began, and then turned to assure himself that Brierly had not arisen, and was not ob serving them from the office window. "Come this way a few steps," moving away from the porch and halting where the shadow of the wing hid them from view from within the main dwelling. "And now, Mrs Fry, please tell Mr Grant what you had begun to tell me. I want his opinion on it. He's not a bad lawyer." "A god detectiv 'd be the right thing, I think," declared the woman. " It's about Mr Brierly's room, sir. He had a small bedroom, and another open ing out from it, where he used to read and study. You know how they were, doctor I" The doctor nodded silently. "Well, last night, you remember, when you brought this gentleman and his brother to my place to look at the rooms. You or he decided not to go up then, but told me to close the rooms, and he would come tobmorrow-to-day-that would be." "Yes, yes I" said the doctor, impa tiently, " we remember all that, Mrs Fry." "Well, I'd had the rooms locked ever since I heard that he was dead." Mrs Fry was growing somewhat hazy as to her pronouns. " And I had the key in my pocket. Then, well, after a while I lit the lamp in the sittin' room so's it wouldn't seem so gloomy in the house, and went out'and sat on my side stoop, and after a little my neighbor on that side, Mrs Robson, came across the lawn-there ain't no fence between, ye know-and we talked for some time, and my little girl fell asleep with her head in my lap." ' Don't be too long with the story," broke in the doctor. "I don't want it to spoil Mr Brierly's breakfast, for he needs it badly. "Yes, sir. Well, just about that time -it must have been half-past eight, I guess-and there was plenty of folks all a'ong the street, a boy ctme running across the lawn and right up to me "' If you please,' he says, touching his hat rim, ' Mr Brierly, down to the doc tor's, forgot to get the key to his brother s room, and he sent me to get it for him.' I s'pose 1 was foolish. I felt hurt, thinkin' he couldn't trust me with his brother's things, an' so I jest hands out the key and no questions asked." A look of sudden alertness shot from the eyes of the detective, and he arrested the doctor's evident impatience by a quick shake of the head unperceived by the woman, who was addressing her narratire to the doctor, as was natural. "I s'pose," she went on. "that I shouldn't a' done it, but I didn't scent anything wrong then. Mrs Robson went home in a few minutes, and then I roused my little girl up and took her in and put her to bed. She was asleep again n'most as soon as her head touched the pillow, and the night was so pleasant-like that I threw my shawl on my shoulders and went out on to the front stoop. I felt sort o' lonesome in the house all alone." "Of course," commented Ferrars, see ing the dread of their criticism or dis pleasure that was manifest in her face as she paused and looked from one to the other. "One naturally would in your place." "Yes, I suppose so," she went on. re assured. " Well, I hadn't been out there two minutes when that same boy came running up the walk, all out of breath, and says, sort of pantingcbetween words, ' Ma'am, the lady that lives next the e gine-lhouse by the' corner, stopped me just now an' asked me to come back here an' beg you to come down there quick ! Her little boy's got himself burned awful!" " Ah l I see " Ferrars spoke low as if to himself, and his face wore the look of one who is beginning to understand a riddle. "You went, of course 1" "Yes, I went." "Go on with the story, please. Tell it all as you have begun. Let us have the details. and he again nodded toward the doctor, who was regarding him with pro found surprise, and put a finger to his "p My sister-in-law lives in the house by the engine-house," Mrs Fry hurried on, "and knowing how careless she is about keepin' things in the house against such timrs, I ran back into my bedroom and got a bottle of camphor and a roll of cot ton batt. ' Run ahead, boy,' I says to the boy, 'an' tell her I am coming; I must lock up my doors and winders.' 'She's in an awful hurry,' he says, 'cryin' fit to kill. I'll set right down here and watch your house, ma'am; I can do no good there.' The boy spoke so honest, and Mary's boy is such a dear lttle fellow, that I jest lost my head complete, and ran off down the sidewalk. At the corner I looked back. The boy was sittin' on the doorstep, an' I heard him whistlin'; someway it made me feel quite easy. But when I got to the house and found them all in the sitting-room, and Neddy not hurt at all, but sound asleep on the floor, I was so took back that I just deopped down on a chair and acted like a wild woman. Instead c rushin' back that very minute, I sat there and told how I had been tricked, and scolded about that boy, an' vowed I'd have him well punished, and so on, until Mary reminded me that I'd better get back home and see if the house was all right, or f 'twas only a boy's trick." "It looked like one, surely," was the detective'a easy comment. "That's what Mr Jones said. He'sa my neighbor. He was jut going home, and we overtook him. Marytold him about the boy and he laughed and sid that some boys had played that sort of trick last summer two or three times, sending meod g rai a?rss the town oa uch RPP·asd.., ? thught maybe 'twi soue boy that I bad oaded sowse 'wy,; aad then I touht about how crT was abot givia' the hq Mr Brierlyse ysad it mae a feel sat o esa- . l rt Mr Jones went in with as when wegaon?y house. We looked sIl aronosd d amstas a ,d th.wa asll t.. Nelliews Hast sad ant a teghad las diethbed Theawre went uati. jurst for fam's aske,' Mr Jones mid, and loked i all the bedrooems, sd even triad Mr hug ?dr. enthoi..seem riht,?adso Mr Jme sd Nary wes away, sat I went to bed. But sm. I onleda't Sleep sound. I felt provkd and sr asout that boy, ad the se I thabt him, his Libea aIsa r ad sllu, e aeiersI got. Ihealbe irId Ihad qem sonsd, a em - tas~oc ** *a the Ls dc all atSi.e m aloud that waked Nelie ssr mda ip right amid bed." "A ( s h e, . eema," mid theeter, a the pased for breth. * Te, sanr, ad I aewr vrrl well abattihtsk adero n I looto t tal egem, sometime.I t~ w - ind hmhLt uSterb the d ththe ema as r Le · ug - b rooms would not seem quiteso dreary and lonesome when his brother came to look through 'em and they was locked open, i knew well I All the same, it. was them shutters, or one of 'em, that was clattering then, and I knew it." " Were you alone in the house, you and your little girl ?" asked Ferrare. "All alone, yes, sir; and I took Nellie with me and went out into the hall-" " You mean downstairs 1" " Yes, sir. We sleep downstairs. Now, I thought I had seen that everything was right when Mr Jones and Mary was with me, but when we went into that hall Doctor-" turning again toward that gentleman, for she had addressed her later remarks to Ferrars,-" I guess you may remember a shelf just at the foot of the stairs. It's right behin:l the door, when it stands open, and thats why we hadn't seen it, or 1 hadn't before. Well, I always set the lamp for Mr Brierly's room-his bedroom lamp, that is-on that shelf for him every morning, as soon asit had been filled for the night's burning; and the morning he was killed I had it put there as usual, and it had been there ever since. It was there when Mr "rierly and you two gentlemen called, after the inquest." A queer little sound escaped the detec tive's throat, and again he checked the doctor's impatience with that s:ight move ment of the head. " I don't call myself brave," the woman went on, " but I caught Nellie by the hand-1 was carrying my bedroom lamp-and ran up the stairs and straight to Mr I'rierly's door. I don't know what made me do it, but I stooped down to, look through the keyhole, and there in theldoor was the very key I had given to that boy to take to Mr 'rierly's brother " " What did you do ?" asked the doctor, breathlessly. " I sot down my lamp very softly, told Nellie in a whisper not to make a noise, and then very carefully tried the key. It turned in the lock. I didn't care to go in, but I locked the door, left the key in it, and went downstairs and out at the front door. I went around the house, and stood under the window of that room. Theside window shutter that I had fastened back was swinging loose. I went back to the sitting room, locking the front door and the doors from the ball into the front room and sitting room, taking out the key of the front door, and leaving the other keys in the locks, on my side. Then I lit the big lamp, pulled down the curtains, fixed the side door so I could open it quick, and set the big dinner bell close by it. I made Nellie lie down on. the lounge with her clothes on, and there I sat till morning. Be fore daylight I went into the kitchen and moved about very softly to get my self a cup of coffee and a bite of break fast for Nellie. I had been careful not to let her see how I was scared, and she went sound asleep right away. As soon as I thought you would be up I awoke my little girl, and left her sftting upon the side stoop, while I came here to you. Mr Brierly's brother ought to be first to enter that room, and-if there was anyone there last night-they're there yet." " What room is that which I ought to enter, Mrs Fry," said a voice behmnd them, and turning, all together, theysaw Robert Brierly standing at the edge of the porch where it joined the wall of the d'ictor's room. " I was afraid of this," muttered Doc tor Barnes. But the detectiveseemed in nowise disconcerted. Neither did he seeminclined to listen, or allow Brierly to listen to a repetition of Mrs Fry's story. ".You are here just in time, Mr Brierly," he said, briskly. -"Mrs Fry believes that someone has ptiid a visit to your brother's room during the night, and as she says, you are the one who should investigate, and I think it ought to be done at once, if you teel up to it." "I'll be with you in a moment," re plied rierly, promptly, and-he went in doors by way of the Freoch windows which had given him egress. (To be Continued) 