CHAPTER IV.-MERELY A BUSI. NESS ARRANGEMENT.'. The last lingering doubt fades'from Jack's mind when he discovers the idean. tity of the young girl who is about to take part in this peculiar ceremony. Step by step he has crept along the path, picking up a clue here and.there, but until this climax bursts upon him he has not been- able to grasp the whole situation. Now he has it. In order that Jack's motives may ap pear to have at least some degree of saneness in the eyes of the reader, it may be as well to lift the , curtain a little at the-point of his appearaince in 4he. room,.and explain briefly what mis sion brings him to Edinburgh, and how strangely the 'Fates'have undertaken to manage his case fdr him. While Jack was wrestling with a fickle fortune in the silver mines.of Colorado, he received word through a firm of soli citors in London that a most extraordi nary event had occurred in the other branch of his family, which'resulted in his being maide heir to a rich' English property over in the tight. little island, besides assuming the honored addres of Squire John Travers. . - \- These remarkable events do happen once in a while, even in real life, as the enterprising lbarrister who had hunted Jack up declared emphatically. It chanced that Jack had made a rich strike in the mines about the same time, so that he was not very eager to hurry across the big pond and'claim his new inheritance. Finally, however, having put his affairs in order, he accompanied the law yer to London.' There, for the first time, he learned of a peculiar codicil to the will through which he was to come into possession of the vast estate of the Travers family The squlre's part of it was incontestable, -and that. 'small por tion of the estate. about oneififth, which had' been- entailed, must" come to him through the natural law of next of kin; but the great bhlaince, ;an enormous property, too,, could only be: come his own In case he' married a cer tain young woman-a distant relative of the testator, who cherished an affec tion for. her-which affair must come off -within a year. Jack laughed aloud in scorn.. at the, Idea. He give up his freedom, and take for his wife a girl whom he' had never seen before, in order to acquire certain pro perty! - He Would see the lawyers Jn a very warm place; indeed, before be dreamed of such a thing. Finding expostulation vain from: the monetary point, since this young chap already - Ipossessed a fair fortune, the shrewd lawyers of Chancery-lane changed their tactics. They read him, and saw that, like most Americans, he was chivalrous wherever womankind was concerned. So' they drew his attention to the will again, and showed him that,should this marriage, on which the testator had set his old heart as a means of bringing the two" trans - Atlantic branches of the family together again, fail to be consummated, the vast pro perty was to pass into the hands of the Society for the Amelioration of the Con dition of the Hottentots. i Having fastened his attention here, they showed him over the noble estate. and Jack really was quite smitten with its charms. Then they explained to him that in case of his refusal to carry out the conditions of the will, the young woman would be left penniless, even though it were not her fault the arrangement fell through. Thus Jack was made to see what de pended on him, and how ungallant it would ie on his part to force- this state of poverty upon her. Last of all, these shrewd legal gentle men gave hint a photograph of the girl. That completed the matter. lie was already wavering thrcugh wihat he be lieved to be hiis duty in the premises, and the more he scanned the picture of his kinswoman, Jessie Cameron, the deeper grew his conviction that it was a shame for him to :eep her out of that beautiful property. Of course, he expected to marry somen time and settle down.. Why not now, when the Fates seemed so propitldus? It ended in Jack making up his mind that he would secretly seek the presence of Jessie Cameron. and if he found her all that her photograph seemed to pro nise, lie would attempt to win her love under another name. Quite a romantic idea for Jack to con ceive, but he was shrewd enough not to say a word to his lawyers about it at all. Hlis first step was to discover 'where the young lady might be found, and witih. out difficulty he learned she was in Edin burgh. It was just when he was starting for that northern capital that the young Ameriean received a mysterious letter, with the postnmar of Edinburgh upion the envelope. The writer, who was undoubtedly a woman, appealed to his love of fair play -declared that there was a plot on foot to out-general him. and that those en gaged in it were unscrupulous in their designs; and finally begged him, if the letter should chance to reach him through his solicitors, to meet the writer hefore midnight on the night of May 28, or, if not then, the following night, at the Old Tolbooth, in the Canon gate of Edinburgh. when strange things would be revealed. Jack puzzled over this missive many times. lie was strongly tempted to ask the advice of his lawyers, but compromised by seeking a friend and laying the case before him, with the result that he left London for the North on the morning of the appointed day, with only the faithful Ah Sin for company, and, as a consequence, we see the twain seeking the historic shades of the Canongate when the fateful hour draws near. So much for Iuckingham. His motives are beyond reproach. What share has Htoward Spencer in the affair? That is the puzzle with which Jack has been wrestling, and of which heo now believes he sees the solu tion clearly. .ndonubtediy Spencer knew in sanie way the full particulars of the matter, ald has conceived a gigantic plan, whereby lie may palm himself off' a Jack Travers, marry the girl, come into the property, and strike a big thing. And he has corresponded.. with this guardian of Jessie Cameron, this Spaniard or Cuban, who poses as the girl's stepfather, so that the game has all been cleverly arranged. Jack can look back to an adventure he had recently. when he was waylaid by unknown men, robbed of money and papers, and thrown into a deep canyon to die; but in some almost miraculous manner he caught in a tree-top and managed to save himself. Without a doubt Spencer was the cause of this attempt on his life, made before the London lawyer found hit. Spencer must have fled from the region at once, since to this day he looks uponlJack as having gone over the Styx, and declares himself ihaunted by his ghost. Why he did not present himself to the lawyers before seeking to marry Miss Cameron, Jack never can under stand, but without a doubt lie had reasons for it. With this brief -but necessary expla nation, the reader can appreciate Jack's feelings, as he enters the room where he is to meet for the first time the girl who is destined to play such an impor tant part in his life. He has tile happy feeling of a man who has become the favorite of the gods, for, unless the beneficent winds of a fair fortune blew his way, how else can he account for the fact of Spencer being stricken down at his feet, the chance that led Ah Sin to pick up the all-important packet of letters, and finally the happy outcome of hi: philan thropical resolution to seek the house of seven gables, in order to explain the non-appearance of his one-time friend, Howard Spencer.. The pcleture which still nestles next to his heart certainly does not flatter Jessie.Cameron. Jack swears uader his breath that, charming as he had be lieved it 'prior to this moment, the photograph is but a wretched substitute for the original. HIe feels her gaze Instantly fastened uon. him, and is conscious of a burn ing sensation over his face; perhaps it Is a blush, if a sunburned young man can be guilty of such a thing. Miss Cameron has also turned rosy red, but as he approaches a ?allor sue ceeds. She looks Very dIgnified and reserved-there isheven a fugitive gleam of fear about her eyes, as though -the near approach of the strange ceremony causes nervous alarm, and Jack feels a greatpity stealing overhim; he wants to assure this lovely creature'that his motives are those of an -honioraible man, and that Ihe stands ready to conform ito the letter of the agreenient. The otheis have the courtesy to stand back and allow these principals a few minutes of conversation. This is what Jack desires-the chance to set himself right with Miss Came ron - "?VWil you shake hands with me, for I am your kinsman;, after all, - lss Jessle?"-he says, upon nieeting her.:': She takes the proffered hand, and her eyes, which had been searching his face in such an earnest, beseeching manner ever since his entrance, drop before his ardent. gaze. "This is a most extraordinary affair, and I hardly. know how to account to you for my share of it.' I am a bache lor, and I had not dreamled bf niarrying up to the time my relative's queer will was read to me. Forgive me if I am frank, but it is better you and I should understand each other." "I like frankness above all things," she murmurs; and Jack takes note of the fact that her voice is quite in har mony with her charming personality . '"Well, even then I revolted, and de clared Iwould give up the whole bust niess; but my lawyers proved to me .that if I did so it would cause you to forfeit the entire property, as your in heritlniga share of it depended on my action." Sheraises her eyes just at this point, and something like a faint smile filth over her countennce, Jack never once takes his gaze from oft her face; he is like'at ran under a spell - the. little witch'has certainly charmed him. "Why; that is the sdmeargument theyt used to obtain my consent--that, unless I I agreed., you would lbe kept out if all your property and;left pse-nless" s'he says, quickly. - " It is on Jack's tongue to refute the slander, and tell:her he Is alretdy well supplied .with thl world's treasure, no matter how the case of th" inheritance goes, but he checks himselfe ust in the nick of time. That would be an egregious blunder. for, since her motives are influenced only by the desire to help him into his inheritance, she would undoubtedly withdraw from the agreement if con vineed that her sacrifice is not neces sary to the state of his exche?q!er. And, strange as it may appear, such a withdrawal is about the last thing our bachelor friend desires at this stage of his infatuation. . To call this fair kinswoman his own, even though she vanish from his sight when the last words of the ceremony have been said, is just now a consum mation devoutly to be wished. - "Well," says Jack, smiling. "we cer tainly seem In a position to respect one another, for honorable and cousinly motives. I only hope you will not bear nme any other than feelings of compas sion because Fate gives me a pinch of Paradise and thce snatches the picture away.". His words can bear but one interpre tation; but she seems to have a burden on her mind that must be. relieved, and at least pretends not to • have heard, though possibly what he said may'arise to confront her later on and, even bring a sense of comfort. "But what can you think of me in consenting to such a thing?" she asks, eagerly. S'That, under the clrcumstances, you are more than kind at rescuing from poverty at such a sacrifice a kinsman you have never seen, and I shall always hold, you In the most grateful remem brance. Is It possible to alter the con ditidns of tle' agreement?" She looks alarmed at once. "No, no!" she exclaims. "They. must be kept inviolate. Under any other arrangement I would possibly refuse to act." "And. as I understand It, after the ceremony that makes us man and wife is completed you Pass from my sight for ever?" "For ever." she echoes.'. "Unless at some time in the future, should you relent-" "I shall never do that. • You under stand, this is merely a business arrange ment, and sentiment does not enter Into It at all," she Interposes. Jack only smiles quietly. That was what he himself thought, only to find out his mistake: and he has strong hopes that she will also in time. (To be continued.) 