THE GOURTINC^ OF BIDDY. Remember Biddy T Why yes, I should rather think I do I She was wtth us wben we were stationed at Liverpool, and had yon comfortable house in Prince's-road. She was one of theTicest servants I have ever had.' Besides being a good cook, she kept everything in apple-pie order, and got on so well with the other domestics. Ah, she was a perfect treasure 1 . It was an ill dav for me when Bidriv einilnr]. ? V«a. we took Biddy, with us when we were trans ferred from Cork. Sho never bothered about night's out or holidays. If she got out once a week to early mass, from which she was always home in time . to prepare eight) o'clock breakfast, and once to chapel on Sunday, she was content and happy. Jim had got his leave, and was going north for a big shoot at Barnelose, and I had arranged to have painters in to do up the drawing-room during his absence, when Biddy asked if she could Have a 'week's holiday to go down to Cork' to visit her own people, and attend her eldest brother's wedding at Carrigulino. ' 'Sure, mem, if it was to be after patting ye about at alt it's not for going I would be, but seein' the master is to be away, and thim painters com'in' messin' around, so bb ye can't have a bit u' dacent company .to divert yournilf, thinks I to meself, '.Sure, Biddy, just ax the missus. If ib is nob -to her mind she-can but refuse tor sore.' '?;,:?.?. 1 was only itoo pleased that things./itted in so well, and, so. Biddy duly departed, foe Cork, with, permission to remain away, for ten days. Therefore, imagine, my surprise when just that day week, Janet, our tall, prim Scotch table-maid opened the morning room door, und said : ' Please, mem, here's Biddy 1 ' I was surprised to see the ghost of a srnile hover around Janet's lips, a most unusun occurrence, as Jnnet was not given to mirth. : ' There, sure enough, stood Biddy, be ducked in a sky-blue silk gown, a black velvet mantle, bountifully bespangled with gee-gaws, and, crowning all, a bonnet gorgeous to behold, with ribbons the colour of the rainbow and a perfect garden of roses of divers hues, while above them wiggled a bird of paradise. For a moment 1 gazed in astonishment ; then I said. : ' ' Well, Biddy, yon are what the Scotch call ' unco' braw ' I I hope that you have enjoyed yourself. We did not expect you befora Friday. It was good of you to come back an soon :is you cawld ! ' ' l'lase. mem, I've not come back,' said Biddy, hanging her head on one side, and looking very red and rather guilty. ' Not como back 1' I cried, laughing. ' Why, Biddv, it's a self-evident fact lhat you have come back I' ' Ye.',mein,' says Biddy, meekly ; ?' but not to stop, if ye pliise.' ' Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy J' asked I, utterly at a loss. : Biddy looked down at the floor, then up at the ceiling, and then down lit the floor once more ; twisted a voluminous white muslin pocket handkerchief— much be starched— into a round ball as if she wore making dumplings, then blurted out the astounding information : . 'Sure, -mom, 1 can't stop wid you, forl Jiave tuck a man !' , _. .. ' Took a man I Biddy, do you mean to tell mo you have,.gono andgot married ?'_, ' Yes, if ye plass, mem.' ,J . And Biddy lookeu prepaid to disoolve into tears. ? ? , , . . ' Biddy,' said I wrathfully, ''I jun dis appointed in you I To go and deceive me in this way I Why did you not honestly tell me you were getting married t I could have been looking out for someone to fill your place.' . ' Oh, mem ! 1 never went for to decave ye. No, plaee hear me. Sure, I got married uubeknown- like to meself.' ' Nonsense, Biddy 1 You should be ashamed of yourself,' said 1, angrily. ' By all the blessed saints it's the truth I am after tolling ye, mem 1 Sure, I never seed Terenco O'Malley before I loft this houBe last week, as sure as pigs is pigs I' There was no doubting the girl. She was downright in earnest. 'Come, then; sit down and explain matters, Biddy.' '? Yes, mom, and thank ye kindly.' ; And Biddy mopped her eyes and the whole of her good- humoured countenance, and commenced : ' Sure, then, I was just after taking me ticket for Cork, and some rough, coarse drover-boys ivei'o squeezing me out of their road — bad luck to their ill-manners ! — when a well-put-on young m'in afore me, says he, ' Young woman, hero ye are ; slip in and be after gettin' yer ticket, and I'll keep they cattle boys oft ye !' Sure, glad was 1 to do as he bid ; and as 1 gathered up me change 1 looks over me shoulder. ' Thank ye kindly,' paid I, wid a smile. Sure, could I do less, I axe ye, mem 1' ' No -oh, no.' ' ' Sure, then,' says be, at my back, ' I like your smile,' says lie. ' So I looks round, and I smiled agin 1 ** ' Ye be going to Cork,' sayS he, ' . ' ' ! For pure,.' myi I. , ' ' ' ' So is mesolf,' says he. ' 'Indeed,' eays L '? \ ';'? / ' ' Ye? ; then on to Carrigaline,' says. he'. '' Indeed V says I. '' To mo sister's widdin'. She ia getlin' one Mat McKeen.' ' ' Never 1' says I. ' ' For sure,' says tie. ' ' Why, he is me brudder,' says I. ' ' Never,' says be. ' ' Yes I' says I. ' ? Shake hands I' says he. '? ' With pleasure,' says I. And'.suro, now, is not that all about it, mem J We was married yesterday.' ^ 