'A great many of his private papers are missing, they say,' answered Hyacinth, slowly. ' Does anyone know what papers they were P' She shook her head. A great sigh of relief broke from his lips. -* T nnnnat; liafan t.n xrnn nnv lnnfTBr fco-ni(?ht. Hyacinth,' he said, pettishly. 'You muBt go to your room at ouce, and go right to sleep, I say,' 'Don't you feel well, papa ?' said Hyaointh wistfully. She did not add the thought that rose in her own heart — that he acted so Btrangely. ' ' No — yes. Kiss me and go at once to your own room.' She obeyed him and walked Blowly from the room. When she reached the door of her own chamber, it occurred to her that she should have brought a book with her to read herself to sleep. Hyacinth turned and swiftly retraced her steps, her slippered feet making no sound on the thick velvet carpet. On the. threshold of the library she paused. Her father was sitting at the table, his back toward her. Hyaointh tiptoed cautiously across tho room and leaned her elbows on the back of' tbe chair. She was iuat about to apeak to him, when she was Btartled by a deep, tyeavy groan breaking from Mb lips. 'No one must evor know of the terrible quarre which Pondleton and I bad on tho threshold of Biney Woods,' ho muttered. ' No ono muBt ever know that I had all of those papers in my poBses sion, and that I doetroyed them. Tho gray BBhas in that grate can tell' no tales, und I am tavod 1 If the worlid know that those papers ever existed, and that that terriblo quarrel took place, it would aoouse me of being hu — murderer !' The words struok Hyacinth's ears like tho voice of doom. '' Hyaointh will novnr find out,' 'the banker muttered—' nOj never ! She must never know. Pendleton is dead, the papers are destroyed; I need have no fear now.' The girl's arms dropped noiselessly to her side. Should she let her father know .of, her presence, and that she bad heard all P - ( No, no ; the shook might bo too much for him. She would go back to her own room and think the matter over. * Pale and silent na a ghost, Hyaointh crept from tbe library and baok to her own chamber. . ' \Sli8 could scarcely open the door, her bands trembled so violently. , . ? ' Once in her own room, with the door securely fastened, Hyaointh sunk on her knees with the bitterest cry that ever echoed from a young, girl's heart. ? . ??. ' Oh, Father in. heaven, tell me that my suspic ions are false, or I shall diel' she wailed out, sharply. ? ? ? And through the darkness there seemed to whiBpor, in a terrible' voice, in her horror-Btrioken ear : , 'Will the world ever know who killed Horace Pendlotoh P or how he oamo to his death, and by whoie band P' ' 'Oh, God,' mnttered 'Hyaointh, 'I dare not probo the mystory ! The thoughts in my brain will drive mo mad— mad I' ' ' (To bo continued.) 