? DETECTIVE STORY. fJ by special arrangement with ST, Ward Lock # Co., Ltd. [AIX BIGHTS RESKRVBB.] CHAPTER V1L RENUNCIATION, tv Lawbehcb L. Lynch, of No Proof," " Moina," &c.; s had predicted that nothing gained by the inquest, and the • jved him a prophet. \- Kramer, the poor half-nit who , a the first clue to the whore- 's the murdered man, was found, onfidence von by much coaxing, sweets and shining pennies, the which Peter would ever recoguch, but the result was small, d he seen the teacher^ the reply ep." Asked where, "Most hy .a . I." Askod. what doing, "Settin 1 > i .v he heard the pistol fired ?" asked : \ irliom did .youBeeJPeter,bMid68 ... .. erf , \- jia look of affright in tho dull -h. arm lifted as in self-protection. . tl Hily word they could coax, from ; •'; iln.'Kis, "Ghost!" ottered in evident ,( il- 1,.. trembling. i,;- lis was repeated at the inquest. ? ,v .1 no more, from Peter. <: i ry, Charles Brierly's landlady, : . ; . ••• the dead man had appeared at btck'.f; and her testimony did not »itli the statement of her little ! ' i a Grant has told me of my little „- : ; intake," she said. "Mr Urierly a-etaira unusually early that and he did not look quite as « r»- usual. He looked worried, in ate little. He was always a small e.v.e:. i 1 said something about his eat- ;::! less than usual, and I can't re- st.I th- .-aust words. Nellie, of course, c. 1 l .-t.werve the worried look, as I did, 9 " . !id me wrong. Mr Brierly left at once after leaving the table. .1 think of it at first, but it came '-.is morning that as he did not .iiy books with him, he must of r, re. ':ave meant tocome back for them, . ,1 '' She paused. 'A .i.j, of course," suggested the coro- " ru- must have had his pistol upon ' .- when he came down to break- .\i • • i • that your meaning 1" " Y.*, sir." I .' .'. \- ipon, found near the dead man's ' v. had doubt'ess fallen from it, ; V: •" • •?•; in evidoncc, as it had been -• with two of the chambers "r.;i fas not a case of murder for i i as proven, or so they thought, i .'. c that the dead man's watch was • i his person; his pockets con- . -r, • .. small sum of money, pencils, i te book, a small picture case, ' i h a spring, and containing Hilda Grant's picture, and a letter from his brother. Hilda Grant's brief testimony did not agree with chat of Mrs Fry. " She saw her lover, alive, for the last time on the evenine before his death. He was in good spirits, and if there was any- ••^tio; t^blingJiim-hngayia^ ggnof iU He was hy nature quiet- and rather reserved, ' she said. "Yes, she knew his habit of sometimes going to the lake shore beyond the town to practice at target- shooting, but when he did not appear at- his post at nine o'clock, she never thought to send to the lake shore at first, because he usually returned from his moru'n^ exorcise before nine o'clock, and so Hei fi*s'. -bought had been to send to Mrs try's •' When the doctor and RoOer; cr' r. to leave the scene of the muraur, ,: .:!.- tier instructions given to Doran ::r. J i'-si •• this : ' T say anything in town about Mr arrival; you know how cuiious u- i are, and we would have a lot ty lovers hovering aroand my ! " i ; ee and hear and ask - questions, u.on the others, will you held an acknowledged leader- . , » - the men with whom he conid the croup willinglv preserved Later, when Doctor Harues ex-. Ferrarp how he had kept the way from his door, and from • . :.e thought the detective's grati- : ' jcause of this rather strange, li:>t, and in excess of the Ciuse. ' V.-a couldn't have done a better 1 jrrars had declared. "It's more tr.i. > -.id ventured to hope. Keep :: .y identity as close as possible un- ' - " - i .. aest is called, and then hold it -.-• L. : . do not put him on the stand: . 1st." Mrs Fry, the boy Peter, and ^ - -.Mat had been questioned, Samuel •. i the witness chair, telling of s' ons from Miss Grant, of the "j i;m:i of the group at the Indian ' :ji c. o! his meeting with Mrs Jamie- 1 J i.-ie discovery made by his two • -.,3 and of all that followed. And ' i M s ..lamieson was called. ; . entered the place accompinied \--.r. ., laintance from the Gleoville, \- had taken, from choice, as it them, seats in the rear of the • omewhat aloof from the place " -i :!•..!» Grant, Mrs Many, and Mrs -'•" • ; Vx)bert "rierly would havie taken sside Hilda, but the detective to the jiracan tions of Hie ^^gc-^ IT Doran, the feci of J^mlpsjl ' ' ! -has not leaked out. Itap|»arE, v,' •.>.- Fiy was not informed of .your; itil the evening before, or. T:,, r- i - uvening, and she seems to be a : -£t woman. After the inquest free to devote yourself to . - « Until then, it is my whim, !.•--. to keep you incog." . nie Brierly acquiesced, but more he found himself wondering jould seem to Ferrate needful. 111.- ' uaieson came quietly .to the wit- 'i>ir, and took her place. There > t ' . stir as she came forward, for, ^ i'- :-r.u had been for some weeks in : . and had driven much about its ads and lanes, she had gone, r.,]st part, more or less closely 'eecy gauzes of black or white ; was seldom seen beyond the po-' v; about the family hotel. 4 however, the lady had chosen •'.<• s" Parisian looking gown of dull u^icif e!lk and a tiny capote of the same tatu.:'.-.. rested upon her blonde and •fiuaa.-t aair, while only the .filmiest of, whin. ' uiion valed, but did not hide,' the face from which the blue eyes looko' -.t and about her, gravely but -st self- possession, i of her morning drive, and 'ling, Femurs, sitting a little in Hi,; jI the coroner, slipped into hiB f»lm a small card Closely '^written upon Jyrth sides. Upon one side was written, Use these as candom shots." And when she spoke of the man whom uie had seen going into the wood near the mound, the doctor interposed his first Questions - ^ _ ^ "Can you describe the person at all? His dress, his bearing 3" - : "Not distinctly," she replied. "He wns going from me, and his face, of course, I could not see. In' fact, as I have before stated, my pony was fresh, and required - my attention.. Besides, there was really no reason why 1 should J look " - " • • - person whom I passed at some little distance. As I seem to recall the figure now, it was that of a rather tall, fairhaired man. I can say no more." " And at what hour was this V " It must have been - nearing eight o c'ock, I fancy, although being out for pleasure I took little notice of the hour." No further interruptions were made until she had finished the Btory of the morning's experience of her meeting with Doran and the others, of the drive to the village, and of her message to Miss Grant ' 1 Did you know Miss 6 rant J" " Only as I had seen her at church, and upon the street or in the schoolyard._ Wef had never met, prior to that morning."' . . \- " And .Charles lirieriy ? Did you know him I" V Only by sight. I know few people in Gtenville' outside' of my- ho—of the Glenville House." J , Bothjlhe doctor and JVsrrars.nbted j micht findiueMlateron. " Mra Jamieson," resumed the"coroner, after. consulting the detective's ; card, " how far did you drive yesterday before you turned about upon the wood road ?" For a moment the lady seemed to be questioning her memory. Then she re plied.' . " The distance in miles, or fractions of mii'es, I could not give. I turned the pony about, I remember, at a" place where the road curves toward the fake, at the old mill, near the opening of the wodfi." " Ah, then you could see, of course, for some distance up and down the lake shore ?" " I could !•' There was a hint of surprise in her coldly -courteous reply. And at that point did you see anything, any one in the wood, or alon<* the lake T " I certainly saw no person. But—yes, 1 do remember that there was a boat at the water's edge, not far from the place where I turned homeward. It was a little beyond, or north of me." " Did you observe whether there were oars in the boit ?" " I saw hone, 1 am quite sure," the lady replied, and this ended her part in the inqutfy." - But how there were some youthful, eager and valuable new witnesses, and their combined testimony amounted to this : When* the bedy of their beloved teacher had beeri~brought home and the first hoar of excitement had passed, threeboys, who had been among Charles Brierly's. brightest and most mischief loving and adventurous pupils, had'set ori, a full hour in advance of the elder exploring party, and had followed the: lake shore and the wood road, one closely skirting the lake shore, auother. -running through the sparse timber and undergrowth about half way up the shallow slope, and "the third trotting d;wn the road beyond ; the three keeping pretty nearly parallel untU the -diseovery, by the lad upon tin shore of the boat<3iawn ouc of the' water, and in the shade, cif.ji .tree. This bad brought the othersjdoom,to the Jakfi^adJhoojpai^Mti il>^,$£<ga^iaiiti3jr back. Meeting, the party, of - men, who were not ' far behind- them, the boys had turned back with them, and now there was a crowd of 'wituesses to corroborate the story of the boat. It stood, they all affirmed, in the shade of a spreading tree, so as that no sun rays had beaten upon it, and its sides were still damp from recent contact with the water, while it stood entirelyJupon the land. Two oars, also showing signs f contact with the lake, were in the little boat, blade ends down, and it was evident that its late occupant had dis- embarked in haste, for, while the stake by which the boat had been secjred stood scarcely three feet away, and the chain and padlock lay over the edge of the little craft, -there had been no effort to secure it, .and the oars had the look of having been hastily shipped and left thus without further care. When the matter of the boat had been fully investigated, the coroner and Ferrars conferred together for some moments, . and during these moments Mrs Jamieson and her companion exchanged some whispered words. Through some mistake, it would seem, these two had.been given places which, while aloof from the strange men, and almost in the rear of the jurors, -brought them facing the open door of the inner room, where, in full view, the shrouded body of the murdered man lay, and from the first tho eyes of the t.vo seemed he'd and fascinated by the sight of the long, stilt figure outlined under -the white covering. 1 Is it possible," whispered the lady witness, " that we must sit here until the end, face to face with that!" She was trembling slightly, as she "spoke. " It is malripg me nervous." 3 ' " And no wonder," murmured her friend. " Hut it must be almost over. I —I dbnfass to some curiosity. This is such a new and unusual sensation, to be here, you know." " Ugh! ' Mrs Jamieson turned away, for the coroner was speaking - , --• " There is one point," he said, l"jjnpoh whioh our witnessos difier, snd ttiat is the .menfad condition of ^hsi,ideceased M speak upon this 'Matter .' "'Jtfr Sobert Brierly, the -brother of . Cha^es'^Jrierly, ; will no* testify," •• - •' ••" . Aii .Mf liobert Briefly came out "from the .rather secluded place he had hereto: fore ocofipied, it the suggestion of the detective, all eyes were fixed upon/him. -There could be no doubt of his relation-' ship to the deceased. It was the "same face, but daiker and stronger; the same tall : form, but broader and more athletic. The eyes of this man were darker and more resolute than those of his dead" brother; his hair was _ browner, too, and where the face" of the one had been full of kindliness and gentle dignity, -that of this other mis strong, spirited and resolute. But, beyond a" doubt, these two were brothers. There was a stir as Brierly made his way forward, paused before the oorimer and faced the jury ; and then, as his eyes fell upon the two figures in the rear of that body, he made a sudden step forward. f ~ Doctor3"he~calledquickly, "youare needed here 1A lady has fainted !" S*or a ^moment all was forgotten, save the white face that had fallen hack upon her friend's shoulder, and that -seemed even winter because of' the, ^lack- garments, and henealh the halo of fair blonde huc. • - . "It was'that," explained the friend, who proved to bis a Mrs Arthur, pointing toward the shrouded figure in the inner room. has been growing. more and more nervous for some lime. " . Robert Brierly was the ,£rst at hsr Bide, but, as the doctor took his place and he drew back a pace, a hand touched his arm. " Step aside," whispered Ferrars, " where she cannot ^ee you." And without comprehending but answering a look in the detective's eye, he obeyed. Mrs Jamieson did not at once recover, and the doctor and Ferrars carried her across the hall and into the room lately occupied by Brierly. As Mrs Arthur followed them, it seemed to her that the detective, whom of course she did not know as such, was jumnmin^ the leadership, and that half a dozen quick words were spoken by him to the doctor, across her friend's drooping head. "She must be removed immediately," said the doctor a moment after. " Let some one find a carriage or phaeton at once." Then, as Ferrars did not move from his place heude the-bed where they had placed the unconscious woman, he strode to the chamber door, said a word or two to Doran, who had followed them as far as the door, and came bade to 'his place beside-the:, bedl •Before Mrs Jamieson had opened her eyes a low fvagonette ^was at the door, and when thelady tecnnie conscious and had been raised. JincL given a stimulating draught, Bhe<wa3lifteS again. hy Ferrits and Doctor Jtarnes and carried to. the, ^raiting Vehiele, TollowiS ; by Mrs Arthur. that she may faiht^agaiiL" "And so they drova%way, Mrs Arthur beside Doiin, the ^drivter ; and Mrs' Jamieson,' 'still palUd "and tremulous", leaning'upon'the supporting shoulders of Ferrars, sileiai and with closed eyes. . * As he lifted her from the wagonette, and assisted her up the steps, and within the -door, however, the lady Msmed to recover herself with an effort. She had crossed the threshold supported by Ferrars on the one side, and leaning upon her friend's arm upon the other, and at the door of the reception room she turned, saying faintly— ** liet -me rest here first. Before we go upstairs, I mean." Then, withdrawing her hand from -her friend's arm, she seemed to steady herself,- and standing more erect, turned to Ferrars. "1 must not trouble you longer, now, sir. Tou have been most kind." Her voice faltered, she paused a moment, and then held out her hand. " I should like very much to hear-the outcome," she hesitated. With your permission," the detective replied quickly, " I will call "to ask after your welfare, and to inform ynu if 1 can." He turned to go but she made a movement toward him. "That poor girl," she said, "I pity her so. Do you know her well, sir ?' She was quite herself now, but her voice was still weak and tremmlous. You have not heard, I see, that she is my cousin." " No. I would like to call upon her. Will you ask her if I may 2" He nodded and she added quickly, " And call, if you "ease, to-morrow." Robert Hrierly told his story almost without interruption ; all that'he knew of his brother's life in the village; of his coming earlier than he was expected, ana of his firm belief that his brother had been made the victim of foul play. Possibly killed by mistake, because of some fancied resemblance ; for his life, which had been like an open book to alt his 'Mends, held no secrets, no "episodes," and enemies he never had one:' In short, he could throw no light .npon the 'mystery k ofjhis brother's death. more - mysterious than at first because or the possibilities that it rendered at least probable. But this evidence had its effect upon a somewhat bucolic jury. That Charles Brieriy had been shot rby another hand than his own had been> very e'early demonstrated, for his brother would have no doubt whatever left - upon this point; while he. little knew how much the judicious whispers and hints uttered in the right places, and with apparent intent of confidence and secrecy, had to do with the shaping of the verdict, which was as fellowB— " We, the ^uiy, find that the deceased, Charles Brierly, died from a bullet wound, fired, according to our belief, by mistake or accident, and at the hands of some person unknown." And how came the question of proof. " It must be cleared up,' said Robert Brierly to the detective. " I am not a rich man, Mr Ferrars. but all that I have shall be spent at need to bring the truth to light. For I never rest until 1 have learped it. It is my duty to my dead brother, father, mother—all." And late that night, alone in his room he looked out upon the stars hung low upon the eastern horizon and murmured— " Ah, Ruth, Ruth, we were far enough asunder before, and now —Ah, it waa.well to have left you your freedom, for now the gulf is widening ; it may soon, it will soon be impassable." And he Big lied heavily, as a strong man sighs when the tears are Very near his eyes and the pain close iiO'hisvheart. CHAPTER VIII. ' TRICKERY. As was quite natural, the three men, thrown so strangely and unexpectedly together at .the doctor's cottage, sat up late after the inquest, and "'discussed tli • strange death of Charles Brierly in all its bearings. As a result of this they slept somewhat late, except the detective, who let himself out of the house at sunrise,-1 and-lighting a cigar, set off for a short walk,' up .one certain street, and down an-; othecr He walked Blowlyj imd looked i^6^^jaV>i»rbed in hisjeigar. ^^Xfut, it i»to'K iS very': observant ^ye'^Shift-iibted,^ fromnnclerjhe yeakofhisEnglishoap, the Btreets, the houses, arid^the very few, sfcay people whom he passed- It was not the people, thou^i, in -idiom he "was chiefly, interested. -Ferrars was intently j - - studying the topography of. the town, at least'of that portion sof it which he was then traversing " with such seeming .aimlessness. ' From' "the -doctor's cottage he had sauntered north for several blocks, crossed over," until "he reached, the upper or terraced street,' and followed it untilhehad reached' the sotithern-end of the village and -was in sight of the schoolhonse not far beyond. Turning here he crossed a street or two, iand was nearing the house where this dead -school teacher had lived, when he saw the front door of the house open, and a woman come out and hasten away in tte direction in which he waz moving. She hurried on like one intent upon some Absorbing errand, and, knowing die houBe as the late home ot Charles Brierly, and the woman as its. mistcesB, -Ftcrara "quickened his steps that he might keep" her-in sight, and when she turned the corner leading directly to the' doctor's cottage he further increased Mb speed, feding instinctively that her errand, whatever its nature, -would take, her there. .- •--•-.-• •. He-was not far behind her now, and he saw the doctor standing alone upon , the Bide porch, saw the woman - enter at the side gate, and the meeting of the two. • Mra'Frjy'witfa ii.er badc towarda him, wsb making -excited -gestures, and tho face of the doctor, visible above her head, changed 'from a look of m3d wonder to such Budden anxiety-und amazement that the detective halted at the gate, hesitating, and "was seen at that instant'by the doctor, who beckoned him on with a look of relief. Look here, Ferrars," -he began, and then turned to assure himself that Brierly had not arisen, and was not Ob-! serving them from", the office window. " Come this way a few steps," moving away from the porch and halting where the shadow of the wing hid them from view from within the main * dwelling. "And now, Mis Fry, please - tell Mr Grant what you had begun to tell-me. I want his opinion on it. He's not a bad lawyer." " A good detectiva. 'd be the right thing, I think," declared the woman. " It's about Mr Brierly's room, sir. He had a small bedroom, and another opening out from- it, where, he used to read and study. You know how they were, doctor!" The doctor nodded silently. " Well, last night, you remember, when you brought this ;g9ntiemauand his brother to my place to look at the rooms. You or he decided not to go up then, hut told me to close the rooms, and he would come to-morrow—to-day—that would be." ' -- • - . -• .- • .'•'-•-• ••-• since I- heard that he" was dead." ' Mia Fry was growing somewhat hazy as to lier pronouns. "And I had:: the key in my pocket. Then, well, after a while I lit the lamp in- ths sittiri" rodtn .eo's it wouldn't Beem so gloomy in- the house, and went out and sat on my side stoop, and after a little my neighbor on that side, Mrs Robson, came across the lawn—there ain't no fence between, jre know—and we -talked for some time, and my little girl fell asleep with her head in my lap." " Don't be too long with the story, broke in the doctor. " I don't want it to spoil Mr Brierly's breakfast, for he needs it badly. " " Yes, sir. Well, just about that time —it must have been half-past eight, .-I guess—and there was plenty of folks all a'ong the street, a boy came running across the lawn and right up to me. "' If you please,' he says, touching his hat rim, ' Mr Brierly, down to the doctor's, forgot to get the key to his brothers room, and he sent me to get it for him.' I s'pose I was foolish. -I felt hurt, thinkin' he couldn't trust ins with his brother's things, an' so I jeSt' hands out the key and no questions asked." A look of sudden alertness shot from the eyes of the detective, and he arrested the doctor's evident impatience by a quick, shake oi the head unperceived by the woman, who was addressing her-narrative to the doctor, as was natural.' -" I s'pose," she went on, - " that shouldn't a' done it, but I didn't scent anything wrong then. Mrs Robson went home in a few minutes, and then 1 roused my little girl up and took her-in and put her to bed. She was asleep again a'most as soon as her head touched the pillow, and the night was so pleasant-like that I threw my shawl on my shoulders ahd went out on .to the front stoop. I felt sort o' lonesoine-in the house all alone." Of course,", commented Ferrars, Bee ing the dread of their criticism -or^diapleasure that was manifest in her face as she paused and looted from one to the other. "One naturally" would in your place." " " " Yes, J suppose so," she went on, reimilnutes when that same Doy oame running up the walk, all out of breath, and says, sort of panting between words, ' Ma'am,- the-lady that lives next the engine-house by the corner, stopped me just now an' asked file to come back here an' beg you to come down there quick 1 Her little boy's -got himself burned awful!" Ah! I see !" Ferrars spoke low as if to himself, and his face wort: the look of one who is beginning to understand « riddle. " You went, of course T' " Yes, I went." " Go on with the story, please. Tell it all as you have begun. Let us have the details, and-he again nodded toward the doctor, who was regarding , him with profound surprise, and put a finger to his lip. " My sister-in-liw lives ih the house by the engine-house," Mrs Fry hurried on, "and.knowing how careless she is about keepin' things in the house against such timei, I ran back into my bedroom and got a bottle of camphor and a roll of cotton batt. ' Run ahead, boy,' I says to the boy, ' an' tell her" 1 am coming ; I must lock up my 'doors and winders.' 'She's in an awful huiiy,' he Bays, • cryin' fit to kill. I'll set right down here and watch your - house, ma'am; I can do no good .there.' The boy spoke bo Honest, ana Mary's boy is such -a dear little fellow, that I jest lost my head complete, and ran off down the sidewalk. At the corner 1 looked back. The boy was sittin' on the doorstep, an' 1 heard him whistlin' ; someway it made me feel quite easy. But when ] got to the house and found them all in the sitting-room, and Neddy not hurt at all, but sound asleep on the floor, I was so took back that I just diopped down on a chair and acred like a wild woman. Instead of rushin' back that very minute, I sat there and told how I had been tricked, and scolded about that boy,-an' vowed I'd have him well punished, and so on, until Mary reminded me that I'd. better get back home and see if the house was all right, or if'twas only a boy's trick." - " It looked like one, sorely," was the detective's easy comment. \- "ThatVwhat jMr. Jones £aid. ...He's my neighbor. - -HeVas just going home,^and weoMatb^^ hB bpy antL"Tie i ?Miglied"ind -that boys had-played-'^hat. sort $f trick last summer. Jtwo or three times, lending people running across the -town on such fool's errands. He thonght maybe 'twas some hoy .that had offended some way ; and then I thpught shout how crisp I was. 'about givin* the boy Mr Brierly'skey, and' it made me {eel. sort of easier..' But Mr. Jones went in with ns when we gi^to my house. W« looked all around^fogftstairs and everything was all right," ffleilie tkjsb • fast asleep still, and not a thipghad beSh disturbed.' Then we -went -dpsturBj^^t for form's Bake,' Mr Jones said, and looked in all the bedrooms, and even tried Mr Brierly's door. Everything seemed right, and so Mr Jones and Mary went' away, and I went to bed. But someway I couldn't sleep sound. I felt provoked and angry about that boy, and the more I; thought of him, his being a stranger aud: all, the uneasier I got. Then I began to: imagine I heard queer sounds, and creak- j ingdoona, and, xight on the heels of. all. that, came a loud slam that waked Nellie and made me skip right out of S>ed." " A shatter, of course, as paused for breath. " Yes, a shutter, and I knew very well that every shutter on my house was either, shut tight or locked open. I lookloihat^ eveiy night, as soon as it's lnmp-lighting j time; them downstairs .I ehnt, them up-L Btairs J op^' sometimes. Hdiew whe)» fluMi""" 1 '"' shutter was by the eouod, ancl it Bet mb to dressing quick. I had opened the shutters on Mr Brieriy's window, that ve>y Afternoon, thtnmng^Qte rooms would not seem quite so dreary and lonesome when his brother came to look through 'em'and they was locked open, I knew Weill All the-same, it was them shutters,-or one of ^em, that was clattering then, and I knew it." " Were -you -alone in the house, you and your little girl ?" asked'Fenars. " All alone, yes, Bir ; and I took Nellie with me and went out into "the hall—" " You mean downstairs 5" " Yes, sir. We sleep downstairs. Now, I thought I had seen that everything was right when Mr Jones and Mary was with me, but when, we went into that hall— Doctor—" turning again toward that gentleman, for 'she had addressed her later remarks to Ferrars,—" I guess , you may remember a shelf just at tne foot of the stairs. Ifs right behind the door, when it- stands open, and that s why' we hadn't seen it, or 1 hadn't before. Well, I always set the lamp -for -Mr Brierly's room—his bedroom lamp, that is—on that shelf for him every morning, as soon as it had been filled for the night's burning; and the morning he was killed I had it; put there as usual, and it had been there ever since. -lt"was there when Mr t'rierly and you two; gentlemen sailed; after the inquest." :' 'A. "queer little sound escaped the detectiveV throat, jind' again he checked the m •tave,*' ' the oimn; went 53^^-?itifiET£ttight Nellie by Jliaii^^'wBs caiiying my "bedroom tamp^ai53 ran up th'e stairs and straight jo Mr Brierly's door. I don't know what made me do it, but I "stooped down to look through the keyhole, and there in the door was the very key I had given to that bov to take to Mr 1'rierly's brother" " " What did you do ?' asked the doctor, breathlessly. " I set dojwn.my lamp very softly, told Nellie in a whisper not to make a noise, and then Very carefully tried the key. It turned in the lock. I didn't care to go in, but I locked the door. left the key in it, and went downstairs ahd out at the front door. I went around the house, andBtood under the window of Uiat room. The Bide window shutter that,!had fastened back wjis swinging loose. I went back to the sitting room, locking the front door and the doors from the hsll into the front room and sitting room, taking out the keji of the front door, and leaving th« ot-Iioikeya in the locbs, on my Bide. Then\ jitjhe big . lamp, pulled down the curtains, "fixed the Bide door so I could open it quick, and set the big dinner hell close by it. I made Nellie lie down on the lounge with her clothes on, and there I Bat till morning. Before daylight I went into the kitchen and moved about very softly to get myself a cup of coffee and a bite of breakfast for Nellie. - 1 had been careful not to let-'her see how I was scared, and she went sbund asleep right away. As soon as I thought you would be up I awoke my little girl, and left her sitting upon the side stoop, while I came here to yd J. Mr, Brierly's brother ought to he first-to enter that room, and—if there was anyone there last night—they're there yet.'*. . r'." What room is that which I ought to enter, Mrs Fty, l: said, a voice behind them, and turning, all together, they Baw Robert Bn. -ly standing at- the fctQo of the porca wiieoe it joined the wail a{ the doctor's rooiii. I was afraid of thii." .-i:uttered Doctor Barnea. Bi->t the detective s^tietl ui nowise disc- -:»«rlod- Keit-h.il- did he seem inclined to listen, or allow Brierly to listen - to -• a .:-::•;;.- repot- jilos —- of '" 3Ira FJT'E -r--- " Ypu are iisre Just )Q irne. Mr Brierly," he .said, briskly. "Mrs Frr believes that soideona hats jiaid a visit to yoiir:broUiur's room clurjjig Jie night, ;md as she Elys, yut; art- the on« •-••» inyestigato, &ud; I tliiiik. y-s^t t-c done a.t aiioe", if you fed up to it!" 'J I'll be with you in a moment," replied : ; rier!y, promptly, and he went indoors by "way of "the French windows which had given him egress. (To be Continued) 