The Énd of tho World . ' Since Halley's startling discovery iii 1680, that the great comet of that year, when.pass ' ing through.the descending node on November ll,: was not more than a semi-diameter of the ; earth from the earth's path, on the side nearest to the suri, astronomers have gravely consider- ed the probability of a collision taking place between this or some other comet and our ? globe. " It ia.a thrilling subject, especially as treated by old time star gazers. "If," said; Halley, ' so large a body with so rapid a \- motion, were to strike the earth, a thing by no-i means impossible, the shock might re- duce- this beautiful world to its original chaos.' Laplace and Lalande took up the enquiry where Halley bad left it Lal an de's ; investigations led him to the inference that, if a comet were five or six times nearer the -earth than the moon, and passed at a distance of about 40,000 miles from the earth, it ?would raise the waters nf the ocean 20,000 fathoms above the ordinary level, and that this would suffice to submerge the continents of the globe. . Granted a comet in this position I 'and the deluge is at once expiamea, ior,accora ing to one Winster, the tail of the comet may ; contain enough water to drown the planet. . The latest prophet of astronomical.disaster is a German professor, one Falb, who enter. ' tains grave fears of a collision with Temple's comet on November 13th, 1899. If not a collision, then the comet may approach so close to the world that the equilibrium of mother earth .will be affected in a very un ' pleasant and perhaps disastrous manner.' It .is reassuring to find, however, that1 the Ger* man prediction is not viewed seriously in scientific circles here :- , ... 'As to the value to be put upon the Ger . man professor's prediction, says the 'Quarterly Beview, it may tura out to be of the character of many another delusive vision seen in the higher Walks of the land of. philosophical dreams. Our own Astronomer-Royal will have none . o£ it ; at any rate; he points ont ? that the comet will probably not arrive at the ' point where the two orbits intersect until March, four months after the earth*has shot : by the place. Besides, it is one of the feeblest of the denizens of the planetary spheres, and is probably fast hastening to its end, when only the attenuated ghost of a comet, in the form of straggling meteors, may some dark- some night startle the upturned gaze of the belated traveller wending his homeward way' 