LADY WTODHAM'S TllANOfi. A very curious story »? told io tbe north* wot 3f Soruexfietxbuo concerning a l*dy who lies buried in Ft. DifunrnnV Church, betwftn Williton »nd \V*tcl;ot. £ir Wiliim-j Wyndbam, wiin i!iol in October. 1GS3, m>rri»d Fnmces, TI;i< dunjjliturof Anthony HUIJRI rfnrd, of F<iirley CaMk\ t?i vfwl sons nud dauj;liU'ji wr re \ma io them, oud tin u, much to the pnef ol ln-r Jor<l, th<* Udy fett ill,'and ni-varwrtly She wis put in<o a coffin, earned up tbe hillnide, mid Iniil in the family vault i& St. UHCUOHII'* Church, beside another Wrndlnm who had died Nfwral years previously. The moutiiTs tvfiirnrd to the now de-olato bonif, ate the funeral bake-meita, drank tbe cuuxiliug oup and n-tirrd to rest. At midnight the sexton, one Will Attew.II, might have been seen cropping stealthily along th«- northern aisle of the church. Ho had a iMifcro io one hand and a cbiscl and file in ths other. Going to tbe Wyndbacn vault, he foroi d op<*Q the lid of the coffin, which had bom duporited tbero a fe* hours before, nnd the feeble li^'ht Irom thi> lantern fell ou the pallid facu of Lady WyndUam. B*r thio, white binds were crossed over the brent, aud on the lingers gleamed tie jcwcllnd gift* of hrr loviug husband. At tho sig'dt of tUesv sexton's ejes sparkled with <Vli;;U, be b gan to remove thriu fmm tbo tapirring finder*. One by one thry slipped off tbe llngerm but a beautiful diatrpnd rhif» . ti o cl'oicfcbt gem the lady wore,rol used to leave tbu baud of its deed mistress. Tho rextou took up bia file and be/an to cut through the elrrle of gold, As ho did so tbu file grated on the fi< sb and a drop of blood ooxful out. How strange that a corpse should bleed I 'J'bra the band *waa elowly withdrawn from M» graffp, and the lady sst upright In her ct.flia, Tbo sexton gavo a ibili k of t^nor and fled. Realising whot bad bappenrd, L-dy WyndliRm sprang oui of bar ct-flln, look up thu iRi.ttrn which tbo s^xlon in Ins tmvrbud left , behind him snd ran to ber old home. The family bad rrtiied, but the nobovvcntunily wrousod a raaiil-servant, wbo looked out- of UJB window aud then ran shrieking fUruugU the bonne, 41 My tody's ghost is at tbe door I" With a great cry the astonished hu&h.; nd ran itowns'.ein*, unlocked the door, threw bis arms aiou><d the bnathing form of Lady Frances, and carried h^r iuto her room. Ther« ha leami the ir.etrn of her arrival, and bow it hnd been brought obout. Lady Wy lid ham. so utrannH.r rescued from a living tomb, renovced liniilth and Ftrongth. and l]v< d mcuy yours in tbo hnppie^t union with her buahind. In St. Dtcuman's Cburvh tho U.mb ot Sir William Wvndbam may be seen, wi h Q^iires upon it whlob are pointed oat in eoiiflrjnA'ion of tbeatunr. AN ELEPHANT AT AUCTION 1 remember once (siys a contributor to tbe Gentleman's Maginne n )an elephant was being sold by auction in exeention of a decree, and for some reason or other it had not its M proper mahout," or driver, on its back. The sile wns taking place on tbe large open ground or plain aronud tbe (Indian) courts, and a small crowd bad aasembled to lihten to the bidding. What with the noise and tho absence of its propci keeper, tbe animal began to show signs of irritai ion, which of course only inoreased tbe excitement and tbe noise among tbe people. Suddenly it ran atooeof the fpectators,knocked bim *IOT?», and was proceeding to tread the life out of bim, when one of its " gran cutters," »t-<iidjijg by, struck it with a spear and drove it off. The driver on its back then got fright* ennl, and, watching his opportunity as the elephant went under a tree, seised hold of a brauch and swnng himself up. Tbe elephant tried once<* twioe to push the tree down,but not being able to do this, it wandered about fo the thorough enjoyment of its liberty, at every turn of its body sending tbe panic-stricken but still curious people, now collected io large numbers, scampering in all directions. Boon it came upon a dog-cart belonging to one of tho judge's clerks, wbo had probably left his work to see tbe spectacle. The horse had bifn taken out, and the elephant, lifting the whole vehicle up in its traok, with as much 1 e&soapparratly; as I should lift no a small terrier by the sornff of the neck, let It fall with a crssh to the ground. By this time evety one wbo had any description of a vehicle within tbe vicinity and could get away began to drive off as fast t* poshible. The courts became demoralised, all turning out to witoeas what would next take plaoe. Tbe " grass cutter " went to the animal wbioh, though he suffered him to approach, would by no means allow him to get on his back or to control him in any way. The polioe cent around a notice to the European bungalows— it being near tbe time for the evening drive— to tbe effect that tbey should stay at home, or look oub for tho elophant. There was no nsed to proclaim tbe danger to tbe native bajcaar, though I believe it was done, as Ihr news would spread fir faster in its mtural course Tbe courts suspended work for the dayf not only buoause it was near the time to do so, but because it waa impoaible to stop occasional stampedes into them by frightened crowds at 4V4 ry new movement of tbeelepbant, sod because everyone was in too excited a state to do any business At last another elophant, wbioh was kept at the police "lines," arrivtdoa (hescene, with chains and a number of men armed with spears to capture the truant, but immediately It ciught sight of its would-be captors it turned tail and bolfcrd, with its pursuers following, and was not secured until early the next morning, about 30 miioa distint, by its proper ** mahout." 