THE RING-FINGEH. Much ingenuity has been expended in the endeavour to discover on which hand and on which finger the wedding-ring was placed. Hie Jews have a tradition that Mary, when she espoused Joseph, rereceived the ring on her middle linger; hence no •> ewisli woman wears her bridalring there, but always on the forefinger. St. Ambrose, in one of his sermons, calls rhe third finger the finger for the ring. Maerobius gives the nursery names of the fingers in the times of the Romans; the third finger is called unularis; the low Norman name for the same finger is "John of the Seals." In the ancient ritual of marriage among the English Daptists the ring was placed on the end of the left thumb, with the words "In the name of the Father;" and then on the forefinger with the words "and of the Sou;" then on the middle finger, "and of the Holy Ghost;" finally; on the third, the ring-finger, with the closing word "Amen." The anc-knt Greeks used this finger also, because they believed a nerve to run directly from this finger to the heart. Lemnius says it is not an artery, but a vein, and modern science shows that there is nothing of the kind in existence. The right hand is the hand of power, hence the wife weal's the ring on the left hand. The third finger is the only recognised ring-finger; all who wear rings oflicially wear them on that finger, though it is true that the statues of the gods had their signets on the forefinger, both in Greece and in Italy. This was on tlie right hand; but, from convenience and longestablished custom, tlie left hand is now generally considered the proper hand, and the least-used finger of the hand holds the riD<r. Lemrius says that the same finger is called Medicus, for, "on account of the virtue it derives from the heart, the old physicians would mingle their medicines and potions with this finger, because no venom can stick uiro-n the very outmost part of it but it will offend a man, and communicate itself to his heart." Some married women are so superstitiously rigid in their notion respecting the wedding-ring that they will never even for a moment take it off their finger, extending, it would seem, the expression "till death us do part" even to this golden pledge of matrimony. h 