THE GREATNESS OP RUSSIA. Two Views. Political Spectres. The forces of civilisation, of which one hears so much In these days (says a London contemporary) have more than once shown themselves, more magnifloent than real. We l,ave been accustomed to think' that educa tion and .scientific enlightenment have be tween them made an end of ghosts. Yet there is one ghost— the political ghost — who Is probably commoner, eertainly.more alaym-' ing, and generally much oftener In evidence, than he lias ever been before. Dally and ; nightly, he rise's up- andlhaunts.Ais, now here., now there, with ;so 1 original a - suddenness that his ancestors' might well blush — If that were possible for -ghosts. We are seldom If ever- free of him. for. (is 1 1 were, If he does rait haunt us In one' room, we' may be sure to find him" In another. ' Perhaps the most persistent of these poli tical spectres has been the "Russian scare." 'We have always been reminded of his pl'e- SM-.ce by some Foreign Secretary, who has caught a glimpse of the pale face. Anil now, what with Russian claims In Manchuria and Russian Influence in Central Asia, wc have bueomo more than usually alarmed just- now. Russia Is generally looked upon as THE COMING RACE, end the dominating Power of. the Europe .of to-day. The reasons for this view are ob vious. To all appearances the "country of the great White Czar" Is a rival which even the British lion' must regard with some ap prehension. Yet it is not Impossible that this apparent strength, (bis magnificence In look and bearing, .may not be after all. in great part unreal and fanciful. . Russia, -. ! at heart an Eastern Power, whose -sympa thies with European methods are only sur face deep. -It Is this Oriental affinity that has cut her dff from the usual methods of development, ' Russia haa, made the mere acquisition of territory, no matter how bar ren and useless, one . of her greatest aims. While she has a good commerce, she has ap parently not sought in the least to extend that commerce. Her vast Aslatio possession line never, ns wo say, been properly "ex ploited." It has rather remained, until wltlr- in recent years at least, a terra lncognltu to the Russian' trader.- It has been the same everywhere. She lias never sought to develop what, she possesses. Qnce she has obtained possession of the land she has erased to act. Had she come Into Africa and claimed her share, one questions if she v.ould hnve had . energy enough to do any thing for that share but keep It. One other DISTINCTIVE FEATURE 'of Russian methods has been her desire for political.' or, more properly, strategical points of vantage. While countries like Great Bri tain have been occupied In extending their commercial Influence, Russia has been engag ed in strengthening her military position on lilt sides. And she has done this so quietly, so cunningly, that only those who have watched her closely have been able to dis cover her actions. Lord Roberts dealt- speci ally with the Russian advance In India In his late speeoh. "When we recollect," lie ob served, "the enormous; physical difficulties that the energy, perseverance, and : intrepi- , dlty of her soldiers have enabled Russia to- successfully overcome in gaining her present position, .it is ,-rhllculous to suppose that any obstacles that are now before her, In the com- | pnratlvely short distance that separates her I from Afghanistan, could deter her from mak- ! lug a further onward move, If she wishes to do so. Russia's position In Asia 1ms so im- : measurably Improved that she is at least as . favourably situated as we are for a further I move." Another and yet more remarkable i evidence of the success of Russian diplomacy, coupled with untiring energy, Is her trans- Siberian railway! which will shortly be com pleted, and which, by moans of alternate threats and llatteries, she will now be able to bring. to tin open port In the Pacific. In all I this Russia has known only too well what i she is about. She has hud A CONSISTENT POLICY for years, und she lias bent all her energies I to the accomplishment of that policy. It Is : these facts, coupled with her great size and her geographical position, thut have ; been : among the- principal. reasons for the belief in : Russian dominance, both here iq Europe and ' In the East. | But there seems to us to exist another side to this question, which Is top often .' over looked by those who try to form an accurate opinion on the matter. We have said -that Russia lias developed differently from most of the other Western Powers, and we have exemplified this In her foreign policy. But It Is no less true of her Internal administra tion. In. regard to all that- pertains to the growth of a nation which boasts of a Western and not kn Eastern civilisation, RiiHsia has nlwnys been, and is to-day, miser ably' behind her neighbours. There Is no such thing as liberty throughout her thou sands of square miles; the brutal Influence of force' Is everywhere felt, and everywhere dreaded. ' In the higher and nobler sense of the word,' Russia has not developed; hc-r method bus been to retard, progress, to crush Individual effort and thought, so as to fit hoi- Western civilisation Into an Eastern mould. National freedom und an unshakeable senti ment of patriotism have always formed part of a country's rise to military glory in the past, and they are-likely to be lngi-edlents of nil future power. Russia does not possess theBe qualities. She Is on lenornm. dawn- trodden, and -unhappy laud, and while .her peasant population weakly submits, and. her aristocratic, population boldly refuses al! com promise, her educated population grows resl- . less and despairing as the longed-for reforms fall to come. 