T8EASU8& TSOVE That very suspicious story of the dis-] c-overy of treasure worth 2O,OO0,OOOdols. j i by an English Man-of-war on Cocos Is- j laml reminds mo (writes .an occasional I correspondent) that during the past year I or two there has grown up .something that very closely resembles a mania in the direction of hunting for lost treasure. The people who have developed the craze the most keenly are the Ameri cans, l>.ut we ourpelyes are. not guiltless. Mr Knight's trip to .Trinidad Islet in search of the bullion and jewellery sup posed to have been-deposited there for safety from the sack of Lima iii Peru is now a matter of history. More recently we have had on hand the search for the treasure of the I.uline, which went down in 170!) off the coast of 1101111113 with L1;2OO,OO0 in gold and silver bullion; and shortly an English naval captain will lead an expedition,to,the Arabian and Red Seas with the" intention of picking up, if lie 'may* thij.'untold gold lost along that immemorial trade route from 'the' days o'Lthc Phoenicians.., to j OBUjU. o>vn: The captain-’T-cmB^entiy ' exjjpets’ . with patience and assiduity to pick' up. first in the shallow'waters.of • the'Ambian-Sea and afterwards in' the iled Sea;" wealth worth at thevery least LflOO,000,000. -He has the writer’s -very best wishes for . eoihpjeCe 'success.; ' . ■ A-'iiohg’Islund man is building just new a curious, submarine vessel, with which.lie proposes to scour the floor oE the ocean in search tveasuro., The ves . sol 'will be eighty feet long. , i From a . preliminary account* of ‘her we gather that the surface buoyancy will be over come by means of heavy weights attach ed to. long wire cables connected with drums-at either end of the vessel. By the operation of these drums the vessel will be drawn’ to the bottom of the sea. Punning fore and aft are .axles with broad-tired wheels, which ai’e connected with an electric motor. “In Lhis way,” we are told. “Lhe ship will be transform ed into a'vehicle. • Suffice it that the in ventor believes in it, and has convinced himself, further, that/by its means he will become richer than the Vanderbilts in twelve months. Be has a carefully prepared list of treasure ships lost since the days of Drake, and the latitude and longitude of the spots where they are supposed to rest beneath the waves. He will first make a bee-line for L’Orieht, which was sunk by Nelson at the battle of tile Nile. She had a large amount of jewellery and plate, and L600.000 in specie aboard. Then he will look for the wreck of the De P.rank, lost off the Delaware in,1.733, with a great amount of Spanish specie and bullion. On his list is also the Golden Galtv sunk off riatteras in the early fifties', and simply filled with gold from Califprnia. Only a few weeks ago we. heard of the organisation of two American expedi tions—one to recover the chests of Spanish doubloons, said to Have been .buried on San Miguel Island, of Santa Barbara, on the Californian coast, by -the crew of a Spanish vessel wrecked in -that.neighborhood many years ago; and the other to search for pirate treasure hidden on the Island of Grand Terre, in Baratarin Bay, Louisiana, by one of the gentry who in the long ago made the Vest. .Indies their hunting ground, and who .retired to the quiet eaves which abound between the Mosquito Coast and South Florida; when they desired a rest or when putsuers become importune. This expedition was associated with the pirate Jean Lafitte,, w-ho is supposed to \- -havg. —,:1 soincwb'"’——nOout- tlie coast enough wealth to buy London. This man’s name is a synonym for pir acy among the half-million people wrlio inhabit tho'se,.parts. Just ask them,and they will point out a thousand things associated with, iiinf. and.will call their grandfathers to tell you enough, grisly tales about him to fill’ a book. There is not one of the thousand low, fiat isiands along the Gulf coast from Peusacola' clear around to the Point Yucatan, not a bayou, creek, bay, lagoon or crooked waterway in ail that country but has its dark tales of Lafitte and his hidden treasures. He is their greatest hero. His father was a Frenchman wTio emi grated to tlie West Indies, where lie had possessions. But a negrir i-ovolution drove the family to New Orleans, where the son took to smuggling. Then oc curred the revolt against’ Spain. A Pve publio was proclaimed in Mexico, and its adherents were engaged in a bitter, sav age struggle- with the Spanish Viceroy. The Revolutionary Government was re presented in New. Orleans by a commis sioner, Don Jose Manuel Herrera. From Herrera Lafitte obtained' the appoint ment of the Governor’, 'of Texas, under the Revolutionary Government of Mexico, procured a number of vessels, and harried the Spaniards nominally as the servant of the new Republic,’Put ac tually on his own account. It is-heyond’ question that he did not confine liis at tentions to Spanish ships, hut attacked all merchantmen that crime’.in liis way’ In his time' he committed enormous , ; havoc, and must have appropriated’ ’ .enormous treasure. What did he do with this treasure? That is just., w-Iiat American speculators w’.ould. .like to know. The lost treasure (if Jean Lafitte has always has a fascination' for these gentlemen, and. for one. expedition which’ they have'fitted out (often; with-better reasons) for the recover}-, of other, .trea sure-trove they have despatched at least three to search for that of the’ mur derous and bloodthirsty rascal Lafitte. As we have ' hinted, almost 'every, likely, and unlikely spot along..the Gulf Coast has been .tapped for tl)i,s\\.recal citrant treasure... The last... carried through—that is, apart from the one to Grand Tc-rre—was in August last year; when there appeared off 'Matagorda; Island a mysterious, schooner manned by half a dozen mysterious men, who landed on the island, spent a few- days there, and then -left, in their schooner • as mysterious!y. -as-, they came„.f eaving behind them in- tlic-ASand a sq.uiu.-Q; hole six feet wide and siix feet deep, as though they had dug up something and carried it. away. From this every native knew tiiere had been another search' for Jean Lafitte’s buried treasures. The small island of Cheniero Comirada, a lew miles south of Biloxi (Miss.), was perhaps the favorite resort of Lafitte. He had a house there, and the frame of the “Lafitte cottage” is still to: be seen, built almost upon the water's edge. A path leads through the garden tp tlie bench, upon which a gate opened amid a cluster of water oaks. It seems very strange that some fortune- hunter does not dig under the old weather-beaten building for treasure. Perhaps the story that ghosts of men dangling from ropes and of men in the act of walking blindfolded into the sea from a vessel are seen nightly at this dreary spot’ prevents the search. Digging, how ever, continues at intervals on other por tions of the island, and at Biloxi, where the pirates frequently came. A hint from any very old negro will, set a lot of gold hunters to work vigorously. Just about the time when the trea sure-hunters were at Matagorda, an other parly was searching in the neigh borhood of the Delaw-are Capes for the L5,000.000 in Spanish gold said to have gone down in that neighborhood in. the privateer De Braak, already alluded to. This was the fourth attempt after the same treasure, and need scarcely be said it was not found. It must.be an impos sible task to locate a wreck in the shift ing sands that lie off these Capes. A lit tle earlier in the year an expedition was • fitted out at New York to search'for the treasure—estimated at half-a-million sterling—v.iiich undoubtedly went down with an English man-of-war about the,' time of the revolutionary outbreak oh Hell Gate in Long Island Sound. This also was unsuccessful.' The United States from the Delaware southward is. supposed to have been fancied as a trea sure burial-ground by Blue Beard and the other men who’ formed the earlier generation of pirates. There is probably not an acre of ground south of the Cape that has not been dug on for sunken treasure. We never heard of more than one authentic find. About seventy years ago an American schooner went ashore somewhere north;, of Siriepuxint • Inlet, arid going along the beach the captain found the end of a chest sticking out of ‘ the sand. He took it aboard, and get ting safely away went to Boston. Th'e chest contained a quantity of goid and’ silver plate, jewelled arms, and some .money, supposed to .have belonged io; Bradish Ten, ICidd's first mate. who.es caped when the captain was taken. The" 'evidence, however, on which the owner ship is ascribed-to Ten seems very in conclusive,.-..- ,y ... ... ' ; ;• Ko fewer than three several -.searches ■ were made lait year fb'r the treasure hidden somewlife; in Mague Island-. ; in the Gulf of Florida, by an old miserly ex-miner, named Nicholson. It was at. first thought, we are told, that Nichol son had just enough money to keep the wolf from file door. But one day a visitor surprised him as he was bending over a shining heap of gold. There were, ten and twenty dollar pieces enough to fill the rude table on which, they were piled, besides many, “slugs,” | an octagonal-shaped piece of Californ ian gold at one time in circulation on'the1 coast;-and.valued at fifty dollars. Short ly afterwards Nicholson died suddenly. He had no relations, made no wiil, and seemingly had left nothing valuable be hind him. But what about that '{able full of gold ? The fortune-hunters rush ed in by the dozen; searched everywhere about the hut and Its vicinity; turned up every sod in the garden, and then, ploughed the sands of the shore' all round the island. One of the men who last year endeavored to locate the; bul lion took a divining rod with him. • He was as successful as his predecessors.— “Westminster.” 