America. THEY MEANT ALLIANCE. (" Irish World," 7th May.) It was au arbitration treaty our Anglo-maniacs first, wanted, or protended they wanted, but, as the "Irish World" believed and said at the tinie, they had alliance in their minds and hearts. And apparently they have not yet given up the idea. At least it is spoken openly of by eminent persons in England, who say that the great majority of the people there are eager for it. This intelligence is printed in sensational form by th«r " New York World," whose London correspondent has been fiolf "" opinions on tbe subject from prominent Britons. Alliance, not orbitrati&n;, is tbe burden of the newspaper man's querying, and of course uie Englishmen are delighted at tbe bare thought of it. Here is one oi' tne statements. It conies from Viscount Peel, ex-speaker of the House of Commons, and son of the famous Sir Robert, of free-trade celebrity. "You ask me 'to express an opinion on an alliance between the United States of America And the United Kingdom. That the mention of the possibility of a close union of the two countries in the event of mir should have been received with enthusiasm throughout America, coupled with the undoubted feeling prevalent, in this country, shows that in spite of superficial and transient differences, there is a real, solid foundation of mutual sympathy and respect between the kindred race?. That the two nations, bound together in an offensive and defensive alliance, would be a match for any combination of hostile powers there is little doubt. The contingency orsueli an alliance is, in itself, a main security for the maintenance of the peace of the world." Why did the "World" man ask for an opinion on alliance, and how has Viscount Tool learned that ''the mention of a close union of the two countries" has been "received Willi enthusiasm throughout America V" This last will be news indeed on our side of the ocean. Was it the " World" correspondent who gave that " news " to the Viscount. ? If so, his Lordship will have reason to be much disgusted with his informant when he receives and reads—if ever he does—a copy of the very issue of the " World" in which his (Viscount. Peel's) statement appears. For in that same issue, and side by side with the British opinions, there appears a " special to the ' World ' " from Washington, headed, " Senators Are Not in Favour of an Anglo-American Alliance," and the declarations of several senators are given, all of them rejecting the idea of alliance, except Senator Frye. of Maine, who is willing to negotiate on terms which he thus presents :— " If England will give Ireland Home Rule and spank Canada, I am inclined to favour the proposition." Here is a good idea, for England, far better than reliance on the Anglomaniacs. If ever there is a possibility of the alliance she so much desires, It is certainly more likely to be after Ireland is righted and satisfied than while the whole Irish race is solidly united in relentless hostility, because of the denial of justice to their fatherland. While British rule exists in Ireland, it will be vain for England to seek or expect friendly alliance or favours of any kind from any country wliere Irish influence can make Itself felt in public affairs, and, If we are not mistaken, the Anglomaniacs have already found out that, this is very much the fact in the United States. " Only for the Irish" business in the arbitration or alliance line with the "mother country" would be much easier for the Anglomen. We think we can hear them mutter in suppressed rage, " The d d Irish have done it—the game is up." Even the " World," hitherto the ardent champion of the arbitration scheme, noAv sees that tbere is no hope, and with the prudence proverbially the better part of valour, it retreats from the field, performing irs summersault with the greatest ease"-' and coolness imaginable. Those who have been readers of the "World 4 ' and its glowing editorial rhetoric about " universal peace" and the " mother country," and tbe " kindred races," and so_forth, and so forth, will be astonished to find in its issue of Sunday last—on one page the British "alliance" opinions, with the talk about "enthusiasm throughout; America," and in one of its editorial columns the following notable backdown :— * i "We can no longer blind ourselves to the meaning of England's oglings and smirkings and elaborate gallantries. There can be no doubt about it, England is flirting with us desperately, without coquetry, and with those serious intentions so dear to the heart that is not 'otherwise engaged.' "We have nothing to gain in a worldly way from an alliance with any European power. Our lot is cast upon this continent. Our destiny is not In any way concerned with huge standing armies, vast navies, and other burdensome necessities of ' entangling alliances.' "We are sorry, England, but we cannot depart from our ancient policy even to give ourselves the exguisito pleasure of 'pulling your chestnuts out of the fire.' " Tills does not look much like Viscount Peel's "enthusiasm throughout America." If there were any such en. thuslasm, or the ghost of it, the *' World," we may be very sure, would pep its «M]s trimmed accordingly, 