Things. (BY ATTIOUS.) Povy-wower Vosper is commencing to his gruel," in connection with his treasonable attempt to discredit the young man from Geraldton over the " 10 foot regulation." The Pow-wower is indefatigable in jbis purpose of wresting as much of public money as he can from the ghes, of the " non-producers" in th and fast and the sheep raisers of the north ana IQ hitherto have had fifteen put ofevery pound of the ^Bgd[ % revenue extorted iminingmdustry. hardly necessary to repeat wining industry is the sole of Western Australia. It is whiqh all are loafing, and indiscriminate, inequitable 3ft pt |be eleemosynary aid %;lbw]&U;£olic Government suppi^%* iind the very small promotion whtch has iallen to the lot if finning industry from the revenu^rwh|ch this one industry provides, $hat "tenders necessary the never-ending applications for grants from^^ds, T|»£ Inhabitants of the agricultural districtB«md the other white savages who hang out around the northern ports (?) and other wildernesses in the north, have no occasion to beg, as the gold-winners-are compelled to do, for anything they want. The former have the bulk of the revenues from the mines quietly and steadily shovelled into their barrenness. The miners have to keep hammering at the Treasury doors to get back five shillings out of every pound they pay in. The Government somehow always sees, without being asked to look, what the pampered agriculturist doesn't even want, and the public money is flung at him and his fellow loafer, the chap who raises a few cattle and sheep. These are alldevouring, and their omnivorousness is cultivated carefully by the group of family rulers. The few pow-wowers who represent the goldfields constituencies are for ever haunting the passages to Ministers' offices waiting to see the great little man, to beg tor obviously necessary requirements ! Pow-wower Vosper is an untiring hunter, and ever on the quest for grants tor this or that. When he was first returned he got pretty well all his distrct wanted. As a quid pro quo, although he was not asked, it was naturaily expected he would shut his eyes and steadily refuse to open them on the thousand and one infamies perpetrated by a Government which in future years will be regarded as the concentrated embodiment of corruption. The majority of the other gold fields pow-wowers shut their eyes, as they know that only by doing so will they get anything. A goldfields* pow-wower is only popular while he gets things, so they get them and bide their time. When it comes they will see very clearly. Pow-wower Vosper has some of the elements which, in combination, make the fool. He was getting things, many of 'em, but he put in words of protest against the notorious "meat ring." He brought about the exposure in connection with the Advertising Votes, and showed what a shameless Cabinet could do with the public's money, because of family ties. He denounced the prostitution of his, high office by the Minister of Mines, in connection with his acceptance of paid billets as director and attorney of the " Ore Smelting Company," billets which I predicted his boss would make him resign. Pow-wower Vosper led the way in the impeachment of this same Minister of Mines, this boodle seeking member of the Cabinet, in the matter of his sudden secret, but now too well-known blunder, the " 10 feet alluvial regulation " This unwarrantable interference of Pow-wower Vosper with matters which did not personally concern him (except that he has to pay 8d per pound for his meat instead of 4d.)t was a flagrant and deliberate violation of all the traditions of the colony of its whole code of ethics, the essence of which is—Don't interfere with my little game, I won't interfere with yours. Pow- wower Vosper—getting things —nevertheless intrusively interlered with the " little game." He compelled them to go round about by devious paths to reach a goal, whjch previously they made straight for, simply because such a thing as "public opinion" was unknown in this delightful land. It was such awful ingratitude that for awhile nothing was done. Here' was a man "getting things" for his district which fcbst heaps of money. Certainly it. waslpait of the money, which In the shape ©t crude gold, was produced in lnstfliStrict, but this was beside the question. Here was the Government giving his district some of its own money back, and yet this heaitless wretch venture.! to expostulate about the low t)uttucrative jobberies of some of its inembfts. This pow-wower must be punished. Every man who ventures to ^impugn the acts and motives of thefitst Coivstitutional (?) Government-the colony has had must be punished. It is one of our cherished customs in Western Australia and there can be no departure, particularly in th^ c^seof a man firebrand. The punishment is inflicted by the Geraldton shopkeeper, Minister of Mines- Acting-Premier young man, in whose native but capable hands (a born West Australian, you know) the destinies of this old, young, decreasing-revenue colony are once more placed. The district is not to " get things " through Pow-wower Vosper at all. He may ask, but he won't "get things." The things will be given to the district through a pow-wower in the top chamber named " Parsons," who does not impugn the acts or motives of the Government to any grave extent. Pow-wower Parsons sometimes " shuts his eyes." So he is to " get things " instead of Pow-wower Vosper, and pass them on. The idea permeating the boodleseeking mind of the Geraldton shopkeeper, &c..; &c.;, &c; , &c..; young man, is that by doing this he will destroy the influence of Pow-wower Vosper in his district. If the people there find they can't " get things " through him they will get someone else next election who can. It is a noble and lofty method of revenge. It is in keeping with all 1 know of the character of the Geraldton shopkeeper, &c;, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; young nian, in whose grounds an entertainment in aid of Kyristian charities was recently held. The young man is nothing it. not Kyristian. The Church smiles fondly on him because its smiles are repaid with boodle. When the Pow-wowers re-assemble Vosper will repay the *' young man ' in another way, if the latter is here. I expect, however, that in view of the distinguished services he has rendered to hit/ self, he will be walking down Piccadily as agent-general before they meet again. The low-bred insolence of the young man from Genldton in respect to his treatment of Vosper is one circumstance, Vosper himself is another. I regard him as I do a certain blooster whom 1 have dubbed the "Poser." Vosper is a "Poser" of another sort. He has a purpose to serve and several axes to grind, among them a specially broad one (his own). So have most of us. He uses politics as the grindstone. Politics without money effectually debars him from mixing with politicians who use both politics and money in advancing their businesses. He cannot get within the inner circle. He is not even a " dweller on the threshold." So he must wait until a turn of luck brings him to the nest of the oof bird; Then we shall see the inevitable change. At present he is the acknowledged champion of workmen, of democracy and other " ocracies " not pleasant to " fat men." Once he finds the nest of the " oof-bird," and gets several settings of its golden eggs, will be a persona grata to fat men." He will not only step over the threshold, but walk unannounced into the drawing- room. His lack of manners, if there are a snfficient number of eggs, will be regarded as little eccentricities, you know. " He has his peculiarities, but I can always get him to go into anything if he sees a prospect of a return." Thus "fat man." The wife of "fat man" says: "1 don't know whether you'll like him, my dear, but I think he is quite, sweet, and his wife is, for a woman, simply charming. She gave fifty pounds to my fund for providing th** children of the Slacks on the ' Gascoyne' with pictorial Scripture pocket handkerdriets. Such a comfort when they haveinflueuza." Then will follow the capture of Poser Vosper, and .the "ocracies" having served their purpose, will be let go. Vale democratic Poser Vosper. Enter,fat man, "Vosper. All depends on that oof bird " and those eggs. I don't see how anything can come out of his politics. Unless Western Australia passes through economic and social changes of a vastly differing character to existing ones, Vosper cannot become a member of any future Cabinet As a pow-wower he may be the idol of his constituents, who may return him again and again, 11Gjverntnent he must prove such a source of danger that even a Cabinet of " Extremists" couldn't afford the luxury of having him among them. He must depend wholly on the setting's of eggs, from the nest of the " oof bird." All the same I shall rejoice if he gives the young man from Geraldton a knock out blow, on the solar plexus, I wonder who the audacious ruffian is who ventured to impute motives to our well beloved patron Saint. I know the creature's name is Douglas, and that he is one of the Federal delegates. I fancy he is from Tasmania. If so, it is no wonder that the curse of bush fires has fallen so heavily on that pretty little, but much misgoverned island. Of course the curse was anticipatory. It was clearly understood by a greatly misunderstood Providence that Douglas was to make a nasty insinuation about Saint John, hence the visitation and purging by fire. It certainly would have been much easier to have paid out Douglas, but that is not the way a conventional Providence works out his ends. There is no reason why, if Douglas is wicked, Jones, Smith, and their families should not be punished. You remember Colonel Ingersoll's beautiful story of the " Flood," d »n't you ? The world became so wicked that Providence concluded to drown it. It saved trouble in picking out a few thousand innocent ones, so he drowned the lot, save one family. It s called divine justice, this sort of thing, although it doesn't somehow fit in with equity. Of course I may be wrong in supposing Douglas to belong to Tasmania. He may belong to some other township, but in any case the place is bound to suffer for the sin of Douglas. How dare he assert at the Convention that our patron saint's motive when he moved that the State Governors should be appointed by the Governor-General instead of the Queen, was his conviction that by tnis means he, Saint John, our own \ dearly loved and vaunted guardian angel (Stout), the guardian angel of Bunbury, Wyndham, Broome, Derby Ashburton and other coastal wildernesses, must of necessity become Lieutenant-Governor of V Western Australia. I wonder something dido't^sce! on him suddenly and hurt him seriously. Surely the " wicked Douglass " cannot be so steeped in ignorance as not to know that Western Australia is the last colony of all her Majesty's Empire where jobs of any kind could possibly be worked. The " Frozen Meat Company," "The Ore Smelting Company," "The Peak Hill Goldfields Company," and the W.A. Boer Flour Mills, that somehow grind seed wheat, would be the very first to acknowledge the beauty and purity of all our motives. Douglas, thou art accursed. When your tortured soul (plus the bush fires) writhes under the torments which; Hlill be inflicted on you, then will come the remembrance of your greaf, great sin against our (robust) patron saint. Just come ever here on a visitywill you, Douglas; you'll see what4"Miction there will be at the "Totfh HaU " for you. All the painful preparatibtis will be made, you need have no doubt on that point. Lieutenant-Governor indeed! 1 we'll show you, my bold' Douglas I There has never in the history q^ Western Australia—a histQrybeginuiqs with the rush to its goldjlplds (or 88$ 1890)— a return so with important results m ltsbearing on the future welfare and prog«e*s of the coiony and, its population, as the one which the £hgineer-in-£hief has just had furnished to him underlie instructions. It is a return in connection with the Coolgardie Water Supply scheme, showing the present cost of water used for domestic consumption at Kalgoorlie Coolgardie Londqnderry 1 % Burb^f Kanowim Boulder Twenty-five Mile and Bonnie Vale, Or in other words, the area originally intended to be included in the scheme. If the figures are even approximately correct, and Mr. O'Connor is not the man to have them submitted to him in any loose array, and if the estimates of cost of construction and up-keep are not wholly out, then the figures are' simply amazing in their crystallised results. The gross population of the districts in question is returned as 37,560, and it is possible that this may not be very much outside the mark. . Mr. O'Connor has assumed .that the present average cost for domestic consumption is 6d per diem, per capita, and this assumption does not appear to be in any way extravagant. It most likely represents the actual cost. In other words this is £925 per day. Mr. O'Connor, or rather the return, gives the actual cost at £835, per day. Cost per day £835 Multiplied by 365 days. 365 Total cost per year .. £304,775 When the scheme is completed the total cost per annum for domestic consumption based on the same •figures will be JEio.ooo. This reads like one of the tales from the " Thousand and One Nights," and only that the Engineer-in-Chief is a very cautious man with figures, and is equally careful in his deductions, one would be inclined to think he was telling us an American snake story. If the ratio of future domestic con- V. sumption were to increase ten times, or from 3 quarts per head per diem as at present to 30 gallons, some 1,500 million gallons per annum would still remain available for mining purposes (supposing none of it were divested en route, for purposes other than mining, say for orchards and market gardening). Presumably, however, even if such diversion were permitted, the cultivator would be made to pay the $s 6d per thousand, just the same as tH^ miner. It would be manifestly impossible for the Government to sKW such open sympathy as would * involved in giving to the former K^O the latter. A gross income of /262.500 would result from the sale of water for other " than domestic" purposes. This after paying interest on the loan, working expenses, and wear and tear, should leave an ample margin for a sinking fund, and yet enable the Government to supply the demand for domestic consumption at a price but little heavier than is paid in Perth or Fremantle The story seems too good to be true, and yet Mr O'Connor is the least likely of romancers. If it be true, there is no limit to future possibilities as regards our goldfields The Champion Worst Worst City Council of the Universe has recently celebrated another triumph. It has succeeded in getting into something . like a deadlock with the Department of Public Works over the Drainage Scheme. , . God knows what the position reall is. The " Pressof the village doesn't seem to know. The alleged Government organ, presided over in such nice womanly fashion by the Maiden Lady, says one thing, the real Government qp^^i^rj.: the opposition organ (the that was subsidised by the t*0|| of the Government to the extent of £2,oo6 more than the alleged Government organ) has an afternoon parasite, a journalistic tick, in fact, which says something different. In fact, my dear Daily N*10*, tyithout which I could not how vety well exist, had two diametrically opposite accounts in its charming issue of the arid inst; In one it stated that contracts had been let,, that there was no monfey, arid that work was practically stopped. Iri. another column it anjiounced that work Was being proceeded with.. I believed both accbuntsv^hPfilfc upshot is. that ^WHOTV. C.C. does not mind it's p's and q's the " ghost won't walk" next Treasury day. The position, which is a pretty^ mixed one, seems to be :— That the Government (as finds the money (other peopfflgf/st course) which the C. W. spends. Whether the money (£2 been lent or given to the C.C. the Lord and Saint J know. Probably even the doesn't really know. After he left on his latest pleasure jaunt, it struck a genial farmer who rules the Department of Works that the authority of the Engineer-in-Chief should be obtaind. The latter decided that before authorising payments the City Engineer should submit all plans and details of the work for nis approval. Then the rule of Red Tape commenced. The plans were referred by the Engineerin Chief to the Engineer for Sewerage, they were referred back by the latter, who said they were not sufficiently comprehensive, or something to \- warrant him in recommending them for approval. Then the Engineer-in-Chief referred them back to the City Engineer and remarked that he wanted more plans. " Then," said the latter. " I will see you d d first." He said this officially, of course, and it didn't sound quite so bad as I have put it down, but this was the effect. Said he, " The work is being car ried out by my C.W.W.C.C., and you have no right to dictate as to what plans and details should be supplied." Said the E.-in-C., the money is being taken out of a Government sewerage vote, and consequently the Government would be answerable to Parliament for the proper carrying out of the work. I say the Engineer-in-Chief was right. The Government was finding the boodle, but the mutton-headed Council didn't seem to think there was anything to be grateful for. It wouldn't send in amended plans. Perhaps it couldn't, or didn't know how, or didn't want to go to heavy expenditure in preparing new plans, but at all events they have not been sent. Somebody or other cannot assure the Engineer- in-Chief that all is fair, square, and above board. He will not approve, and the Treasury won't pay. In the meantime some £7000 have been paid away on the understanding that the City Engineer submitted all plans and details of work done, doing, or about to be done, and as it wasn't in accord with the divine ethical law of the W.4. Boers, which is, "Put it in writing," there is a devil of a mess. I'll bet the C.W.W.C.C. has to give way, unless Saint John comes back quick, and allows time for the Mayor to interview him. Then the Council may not have to give way. Otherwise there is no hope. No one dare cast any blame on Saint John, who didn't "put it in writing " whether the £20,000 was a gift or not: Of course no one dare accuse Saint John of making a beastly blunder that has brought about all the trouble. Capital punishment is awarded under the W.A. Constitution Act to anyone who dares publicly question the infallibility of Saint John of Bunbury. I value my neck too much to even hint at such a thing. They; have long memories down at the West Australian capital, Bunbury. They have not, after all, forgotten that marble statue they were to erect to immortalize the life of their patron saint. It takes some time to do things down there, even now. Formerly it used to take " pill time." In fact, when the <>ld Scythe Bearer V.. was doing the bury in the early forties begot intoa vara with one of the original settlers, &>d found that the old man had taken % a free grant when he (Father Time) was a growing lad. * The " marble statue " will consist of a watch arid chain. The tefetimomal committee made the impor- tant a^nouficementgJast hen they ' ' ' ' " citizens^&ar; JS56 Mvr-vi f re^fel ;ed. TJ*£ n£ws was and the orts in^Stfpsbjjff harbor and 'along the. fgether with the fleet*f war under command of 'Excell&M;^ Admiral Sir Tuart iwood/rfsarke, fired 101 guns in honorpftfbe^fistoric event. the local nobility, Lord is to be sent to England as snipotentiary," and furnished with frill powers to negotiate for the 4< statue." There are to be no middlemen in it ; in fact, the London and Westminster Bank, beyond being instructed to honor the ambassadors' draft for the £56, will have no voice in the matter. The large- manufacturers in the " Lane" and Bevis Marks are to have an opportunity afforded them of tendering for the supply of the " ticker," and a committee of experts will be appointed to see that neither of the articles of bigotry and virtue are bhoful. If London cannot supply them the continent will be tried— Hamburgh or Geneva. The " Waterbury" Company having seen the cable to the New York Herald, sent by the Maiden Lady's resident ambassador from Bunbury, has wired an offer, but it is deemed best, in view of the extraordinary actions of Germany and Russia in the far East, to avoid any pretext for offence, so the English and continental markets will be tried first. Should Lord Christie succeed in bringing his important mission to an issue, it is understood that Her Majesty, who takes a deep interest in Saint John, will confer upon the former the Collar of the Bath, vacant through the death of the Earl of Wanneroo, and upon his eldest son, the title of Viscount Boyanup. Altogether the event will mark an important epoch in the history of this great country. The date of the pre- sentation of the marble stat—the ticker and chain, has not been definitely fixed, but a general holiday will be gazetted, and all political prisoners will be amnestied. The ban under which Pow wower Vosper at present suffers, is to be removed. There will be a grand function organised to celebrate the day, and it is expected that among those who are to be present will be the S.O.C. Northam isn't Bunbury. This is unlucky—for Northam. The town council of this " gate" to the goldfields is building Town Hall. Certainly the place wants houses and streets, a water supply, a pump or two, footpaths, street lamps, a policeman, and other sanitary appliances. But these, particularly the sanitary appliances, are luxuries which can be done without for the present. A Town Hall is a necessity—for the councillors, Some quiet place must be found where they can call each other liars, and indulge in those other bursts of oratory, common to local councils, without coming under the purview of the one policeman. The Town Hall is therefore being built, but unfortunately the cost has far exceeded the estimate. This, you will admit, is a very strange circumstance. It's one that rarely or ever happeni. It certainly could not to the Perth C.W W.C.C In the case of Northam, however, it is presumed that the staircases, the inevitable tower, and the upper storey,, were inadvertenly omitted from the plaus. So the Town Council are contemplating raising another loan of a thousand pounds to complete this urgent and most necessary work So as I remarked, its very unfortu-: nate for Northam that it isn't Bunbury; Had it been that holy place, the Town Council lyould have simply set apart a day of prayer—for £1000. The councillors and the leading citizens, who would have been " among those present "(W.A.pass word), would have assembled around the sacred manger of Saint John, and lo, a vision would have appeared bearing in its hand the necessary u thou,' It could easily betaken out of the Coolgardie Water Supply Loan money, and the loan could later on be ea recouped from Consolidated Revenue. Thus the miracle could have been wrought. Similar ones have been worked by the marvellous aid of the tutelary Saint of West"Australia. 44 Let us eat and.drink, for. to-morrow we die." You remember the 44 Dance of Death " which " Saint Saens'' has made famous as the " Danse Maccabre," eh ? The 44 back gate'' of the colony is doomed, and its population are doing the " Danse Maccabre. The Parisians used to go through it, while "Madame la Guillotine " looked grimly on. Yes ? Albany had a cricket match the other day, and as the doings of the doomed are closely watched and chronicled,, no matter how trivial, the Maiden Lady's Resident Ambassador, deemed a half-penny cricket struggle between the native villagers of sufficient importance to wire a despatch to the old girl's paper. This is playing decent journalism pretty low down, isn't it ? As if anybody on this earth, outside the savages of the place, cared a damn whether North or East Albany or both or neither, won, or lost. I wonder if a mail steamer was waiting, outside for a harbor pilot, who couldn't be got because he was at the cricket match ? That's about what would happen at the back gate of the colony. Thank goodness the township will soon be 44 To Let" on a gazing lease. Events are culminating, and the legal fight between leaseowners and alluvial miners on the Ivanhoe Venture " is fast reaching the " knock out" stage. I told you a fortnight since, that the Warden from the district had come down to Perth merely for the purpose of buying a box of collars and a parr of bicycle trouser guards, and not for oral instructions, which the very honorable Minister of Mines was afraid to commit to writing, didn't I? I see it stated that the Warden, who is back again, has received instructions to take stringent steps to deal with the recalcitrant miners who defy the order made by the Warden in his own court to move off the leased land. The question which naturally arises is—Who the devil ventures to any instructions to a Warden sitting as a justiciary in his own court ? Surely not the very Honorable Minister of Mines ? Would not this be interfering with the course of justice, and is this not a very dangerous thing to do in a British- speaking, colony ? The very obvious, indeed, the only course to be adopted Is to let the Warden act as he pleases, how he pleases, and when he pleases. He is first a i»ervant of the law, afterwards, not before, an officer of the Department of Mines, with an independent command. The merits of the case are purely questions of law, and only from the Crown Law Department should any instructions of a legal nature be sent to a Warden. If the Ciown Law Department is intervening, and leaning to the side of the leaseowners instead of taking: up a position of strict neutrality and let the matter be settled by the Supreme Court, another, will be added to the many scandalous politicalacts of the Government, and another nail will be put into its coffin. ' If themen won't go off thelarid; let the Warden issue the neeessary orders tothe police to eject them. If he is afraid to, or will riot take'the responsibility for this, let him state a case for the Supreme Court, but for good-, riess sake keepthe Minister of Mines out of it. He has blundered enough already. He has made a beastly mess of the whole business, and has done more to bripg about the downfall of the Forrest Ministry than he could rectify in a lifetime. More, and worse than all, he has created class' hatreds, he has set the alluvial mi|ier against the leaseowner, andthe best' amende he can make is to quietly let the Warden or * the Supreme Court, or both, settle a very foul smelling matter without his interference, open, or • secretvj;; .4$ I don't think the Members of Parliament and contractors who waited on th( Minister—who because he is a farmer, orchardist and flour grinder, is therefore looked upon as specially suitable to run our Public Works and .Railways—got very much change out of him when they saw him. They wanted, reasonably enough, to try and break down a pernicious habit both his departments have gut into of carrying out many important works by departmental day labur, in place of calling for tenders and gett ing the work done by the modem system of contracting. Except by this farmer-Minister, who evidently wishes, to run his departments on patriarchal lines, and some of his officers—whose vanity is served by the power and patronage they can dispense by means of departmental work—there is no one, even in this nepotic colony, but must unhesitatingly condemn a system that of absolute necessity entails, a wanton waste which should not be suffered by ? .rich nation—much less a colony whose Treasury chest is as nearly empty as it can be—fpr one moment. Jn a Government service it is not possible to carry on any work straight out as a contractor does. The vital essence of any government work of construction is contained in the various memoranda concerning it, which passes from hand to hand through different branches, and by each branch carefully recorded. . Let us suppose an example :— . A pier is being constructed by a Public Works Department. It is found that an unsuspected but very strong current exists at a certain spot _ and that it is necessary . the pier should be curved instead of being carried straight. The engineer in charge reports the matter officially to the Engineer for Harbors Before the report reaches mm iti IS opened, read, and a brief abstract of its contents written bv an ofrider on a cover which is eyeletted to the report. It is passed on to a recording clerk, who gives it a number and stamp, and enters it into an inward correspondence register, It is marked and referred to the head of a branch, who in turn records it for bianch purposes, and sends it back to the Engineer for Harbors, His clerk enters particulars in the Engineer's own inward reference book. The E for H peruses the report, considers it, and makes a recommendation to the Engineer-in- Chief, but before it goes forward a clerk embodies the recommendation in an outward reference book. The same P ro £?* s j s f e peated in the Engineerin- Chiefs branch, and ultimately he presents it with his recommendation to the Minister, who in turn approves •and sends it to the Executive Council, T glves the necessar y authority lor the additional expenditure, or for the alteration. , it it be material. It would be too tiresome to fallow the J«port back through all the stages it must pass through before it reaches and gets through the Accountancy branch and back to the Administrative branch, put ultimately it f ets out of the maee through the )epartmental doors, and into the ^n. ds of the Engineer-in-Charge again. The traditional well known •Government stroke is kept up at the work, perhaps and neither ultimately better it -aor in completed, .worse than X i- ve . be . en h X J contactor vne.ining is inevitable, the many phaseis, changes, and references, into ana . through - the offices — of — manv many 0 t % S W t y paiq, nas already made an important ditterer>ce to the cost of the work, S , y t . cwts lt on the other t fellow. ;With It the is contractor his duty. it is different. He sitnpiy says to his foreman— Jack, the • engineer says! we must curve the pier because there's a h 1 of a current abreast these rocks. He will define the curve, and you get the piles set to it." " All right. Mr. Jones" The thing is done. No references, no registers, no inward or outward correspondence numbers. The whole thing is done viva voce. When, therefore, the dear old farmer Director-Commissioner talks about certain works being done as cheaply within the Department as by contract he talks nonsense and tommyrot, put into his mouth by his officers. He is, not being a professional man. an exact type of the figures the modern ventriloquist brings on the stage, and from whose comical mouths the patter appears to come. Of course, a point can be reached where it would be foolish to make contracts, such as slight additions or repairs, and it is conceivable, but barely so, that an instance might occur when it wou'd be the better policy to do the work departmentally. But as a matter of economy and proper conservation of the public funds, there cannot possibly be an example of an important work heing carried out as cheaply by a Govern- ment department as by contract. It's not in the nature of things. One of the best instances in justifi* cation of departmental work is to be found in the duplication of the railway line to Fremantle. There can be no doubt that there were some diffi- culties in the way of getting it done by contract. But should any inquisitive member of her Majesty's Opposition call for a detailed return of this work and get the best expert evidence as to the cost of it, compared to the price for which it could have been done haditbeencarriedoutbycontract.nl wager it would open the eyes of Parliampnt. thp Cabinet and thp fa v. payers to such an extent that a surgical operation would be necessary to get them closed again, The arguments that contractors import heavy"plants and material representing large amounts of capital, and that the Government is not justified in going behind them and doing work departmental!^ is so much moonshine They are not compelled to import plants, nor to buy material, nor even to come to the colony. This point of their contention is not worth consideration. But by thecareful avoidance of necessary red tape, by going st»ight Tra thing instead of circling round and round it, and because they have plant and material they can work cheaper and get more work from their employees than the Government can ever hope or care to do. This is the whole business iu a nutshell. It's not a case of. lower wages for workmen, because they do not get lower wages from contractors. There would soon be a holy row if the latter attempted to lower standard rate*, There is very much less responsibility when a department gets its work done by contract, and it does not cost nearly as much. It is not possible for the farmer-Minister to logically prove the opposite of this It's not at v all npve! v to> v see that the confederated Press of Perth has just discovered that " flogging" has been going on in Fremantle gaol, and this Press nil none • . the , wiser. ... , . . „ , w wicked , (totally lost souls of) nminnhla nranfuvko • mliA .vjm, .4.™, vil abominable creatures who issue a sacreligidus paper called theSunday s^^+t^wi** he Frankly, previous I Saturday, do not see of why the the matter. semiam " deed to remember the epidemic of garotting that broke like a tidal wave over L>ndon 40 years since. I remember the ten thousand suggestions made for dealing with the dreadful thing, without abating it the slightest. But one night a bill was passed through both Houses, authorising the use of the lash, and how garotting ceased next day. We live in a sickly sentimental age. Human nature isn't one fraction of a fraction different. It never will be. Moral suasion is useful in some cases, cake and tobacco in others, but there are some that absolutely require a tough piece of well greased bullockhide. Why shouldn't brutes be flogged? if it be the means of thoroughly awakening them to a sense of their brutality ? If I were earning my living as a warder and a prisoner tried to smash me up with an iron-tipped boot, I'd drive a bullet through him rather than have him btain me, strangely novel as this idea may sound to the sickly sentimentalist, who in the safety of his parlor, hurls indignant language at me for my brutality. Men who denounce flogging because it is flogging, and defend prisoners because they are prisoners, are " Posers '' just as much as my ideal Poser, who is away just now in connection with collections, loans, and a new and well-paid billet for himself, all in the name of God. They are equally humbug?. 