DAYS OF DANGER. [copyright.] ? ►— -^ ? Thrilling Narratives of the Bnshranging , ? Times. Keenan's Ghost. ' BY CAPTAIN £kC?k. ? *r ? IN FIVE PARTS. ? ♦ ? PERIOD, 1846. PART IV. True to hia word the chief of the survey party watched the strange retreat in the . . glun for a week, but not the slightest -. sign of any human being, save the members of their own parly, was ob served during the whole period. . At the .camp absolute quietude prevailed, and at JB1JKL1J UIU UHIC1 auitiiuuiicu bug naiA,*i and resumed hie usual work. Occasionally -. a visit would be paid to the hut, but it ,. remained in the bame condition as when first Been, and the name — ' Carl Jensen ' —stared at the men in its grim silent way. Had it not been for the thefts \- committed from the camp itiid Hie finding of the piece of corned beef, at the hut,, even Mesley would have believed that the place had not been inhabited since the death of Jensen, and that like the palace' of the Sleeping Beauty, a spell had been thrown over the locality which had preserved it from decay. About tiro days after the watch in the glen had been abandoned, Constable Williams, of the Mersey station, with two assistants, arrived at Considine's camp with a couple of pack-horses laden with provisions, lii* mission was a dual one. One journey was to provision the camp, whilst on the other return trip he waB to take back the bones of Jensen, the murderer. Dr. Sutherland, of the samo place — a hoary-headed crirainolo gist — had obtained the sanction of the authorities to such a course, and as the cost would be little or nothing, no demur was likely to be raised. Constable Williams — who really per formed the duties of the district official — was one of the oldest officers in the pay Nof the government. Strange to say, he hud previously been stationed in the New Norfolk district, and was well acquainted with Jensen, Duffy, and Wonal), When the murder took place he had been one of the roost active in the pursuit, but his energies were clogged by the nction of his superiors who — when they concluded the culprit had gone away in the whaler — practically ceased all active operations. Williams held firmly to the belief from what he knew of the former that he had not left the colony — - at least, not at the time alleged — and as Jensen was not a man easily disguised, it was improbable that ho had gone away at all. When the news of the skeleton find and the photo, which identified it as the misBing murderer was brought to him, he merely said, without undue ' elation, ' I knew he-would be found not far away. The follow was the last in (he world to trust himself amongst his own sort of people either on land or sea.' The exhumation of the remains was in a way a labour of love to the constable, and lie Bet upon his task with due deliberation. ^He^ityfl' ;)npt ~a ftasty --r . impulaive,man4it|ktajrtjrne^ find #hen he % , reached the ^1itr^jr|«arap of cptit-se the : ? news he heard ?^n&eitirhetted; Sis appetite for nipre. 'Bvejrjr word about the Bobbery of the food, boots, and clothes was taken down and a minute description of the missing garments and footwear also attached' Then he set off to view the retreat in the glen, and even went ao far as to make a rough sketch of the hut and its surroundings. The whole statement about its reoent occupation, such as the finding of the meat and the appearance of the ashes in the natural firephen, was committed to paper, and after spending a couple of days wandering about the \- locality in the vain hope of coming upon ' some further facts that might assist him, Williams proceeded to dig up the bones, an operation which was .most carefully carried out, and they were placed in the bags. Dr. Sutherland had promised him , a handsome reward if he took care of his gruesome relics, and even without that incentive the constable would have done just aB well. When the exhumation was complete, , Constable Williams set off for the Mersey, and in due time arrived there and handed over his ghastly load to the delighted surgeon, who had them carried to his chamber of horrors and laid out in state. ' Why, bless me, Williams, I'll be able to make a perfect skeleton out of this. There is scarcely a joint missing. You have done your work well, and so must Edwards in the burial. I wonder who put the sheet of bark over him ? He couldn't have done it himself before death I'm convinced, and the blacks . don't care for that sorb of thing,' said Sutherland. £ ' I've wondered myself who did that good office for- the villain. He didn't deserve much consideration from any one. He was a big hulking scoundrel over six feet in his stockings,, and, ac all _ ? times ready to thrash a woman. Oh! I v. knew him,' concluded' the constable as he left the room and wended his way across to the public-house, where, 'he * lived, for Williams was a bachelor, and as he was quickly nearing sixty, likely to remain so. One of the first persons he met in the bar-parlour was Mike Keenan. His party worked near the settlement, and they often went into the village. The two were acquainted, and after a few commonplaces, Williams said : 'I've just brought ? those bones of yours to Dr. Sutherland. He says his collection is nearly completed now.' ' My bones ?' answered Keenan with a laugh, for he was in a merry mood ? mellowed by some rich whisky.- 'Oh, not yet, begorra J The old doctor won't have my boneB juBt yet. ? Fill up again ? there, and don't be lookin' at the empty glaflseB.1 'You know what I mean,' returned the constable as he replenished his glass in an absent-minded sort of way.. 'I mean the bones you found at the foot of the big tree. Jensen, the murderer, you understand.' ' The devil, you have ! What on earth made you bring them, here t ' Couldn't you let them lie 1, Oh, faith, though I always knew they couldn't lie. Nothing hauntod oan lie quiet in the grave. Oh, it's coining home to me now,' cried Eeenan, plunged suddenly into deepest melancholy. ' Haunted be jiggered. What do you mean? I carried the oonfounded things in a couple of bags and slung the skull over my shoulder. The bags weru as harmless aB a new-born babe, and they nearly made as much noise. How the bones did rattle to be sure. Now lull us what you mean by being haunted,' queried Williams. -» In h deeply impressive manner Mike Keenan told his listener the whole Btory of the ghost he had feen on the night which prec-d. d the break-up of the camp, and he narrated, it, with perfect accuracy and truthfulness. He fully concluded that the time had arrived when others should share his secret besides his oimp mutes- The bones seemed tohaunthim, for after he had almost forgotten about them, up they turn again. To the super stitious man there was something very singular aud uncanny in* the whole busi ness. At any rate, it damped his enjoy ment for that night, and when Williams left him shortly after he was indulging in 11 sad reverie. Next morning as the constable was passing Dr. Sutherland's house in a very thoughtful mood, he was hailed by the surgeon hi m. ??elf. ' Come here,1 cried the old man. ' I want to have a chat with you.' When Williams went over, the doctor led him into his 'specimen room,' as he called a large-sized chamber which con tained scores of ghastly emblems of mortality. More than a dozen perfect skeletons were ranged round in upright attitudes, whilst there were skulls of famous murderers, bushranfrers, convicts, &c;, and weapons which had been .the instruments used in many an awful dee'd. The skeleton brought by the constable the night previous was arranged very neatly on n (able, and it was to this that 1 he doctor went. ' You told me last night,' he begau, ' that Jensen was over six feet in height.' ' So he was six feet one or two 1 am quite certain. He was three or four inches taller llnin me, and I'm five feet ton inches,' quickly answered Constable Williams. ' Then this isn't Jensen's skeleton at all. You've been all barking up the wrong tree. You see there is nothing like a thorough medical examination alter all to get at facts in these cases. Many an innocent man is punished and often the guilty escape for the want of a little intelligence and taking things for granted that shouldn't be so taken,' replied the surgeon energetically. 'How do you know it isn't Jensen ?' asked the constable. ' Because it is tlie skeleton of a very short man. In life he could not have been more than five feet five in height. Certainly not more. Now, if Jensen was six feet two,. or even ois feet, this cannot be hia skeleton. It's as plain as the nose on your face.' For a few moments the constable did not reply, find then he slowly said : ' I quite believe wlnit you say. I've learned a few things lately which tend to allow that the authorities may be astray a second time regarding Jensen. I'll make n full report of the case and send it on at once, and I'd be glad if you'd furnish me with a description of the probable sort of man the bones belonged to. I suppose it is not that of an aboriginal ?' 'Oh, no. It is a white man's skeleton right enough. I'll w.rite out my portion at once, and if you come back hi half nn hour you can. have it. Good morning,' and the doctor showed the officer out. As the latter went towards liis office his brow was contracted with puzzling thoughts. :'-' ? ? ? ?, 'From what I^eenaii told me.last night,, and the-Btory given.. by ??Jfj.ujjjrejor Cpnei dine,' he mustered, .*. thafciBcbuiVtlrel must be alive-still. - If iso, we'll drop across hififBooner or later. I wonder .if he'll risk coming back to the settlements again. It looks as though he would be stefiling.the clothes, though he may have only wanted them a? a protection against the cold and to save putting together the skins. How came thnt photo, of his with the dead body? I think old Sutherland must be doting. Another doctor should be called in to also have an examination of the bones. If he bore out what the old man says, then of course we would have to believe it. There is a clue to follow up, at all events.' The papers which Williams was going to send to the authorities wire, already arranged, and only a short addendum had to b£ pnt in calling attention to the con clusion arrived at by Dr. Sutherland. This, of course, he urged, was of great importance, and he concluded by saying that placing all the facts together he ventured to submit that the murderer Jensen was still alive and in the colony. On going over to the surgeon's place, the doctor read out to him the detailed description which he had elaborated as to the probable stature, &c.;, of the man from which the 'skeleton came, nnd he ended by saying : ' Don't you know- — or rather, did you ever know — a man who would answer that description?' The coustablo racked his brains for several moments, and then, if by inspira tion, a thought flashed through his rnitid. * Yes, I do,' he exclaimed. 'Tom Worrall, of New Norfolk. That is his description to a nicety. He was scarcely five feet five in height, and you will recollect he disappeared about the same time as Jensen. Hib partner, Duffy, and himself were supposed ? to have been drowned.' ' Of course, I remember. Duffy's body was found a fortnight or so after being in the water, but it was so decomposed and rnutilnted that it was impossible to 'say for certain what the causo'ofTdeath hffd been. It might have been anything from hanging to cholera. I remember it well,' replied the surgeon. ; ' There is a big mystery here to Bolve. Jensen and Worrall must have gone away together, and, if so, it is probable they murdered Duffy for some reason or another. Then how did Worrall meet hisdeath ? I suppose you can't tell that,' asked the constable. ' The bones are all right, but he might have been murdered in twenty different ways without my being able to tell. For instance, if he had been stabbed to the heart or choked, I could not tell so unless the ribs showed . signs of the knife's passage. I am rather inclined to believe that the man died suddenly, nnd not ns the result of wasting disease, but there is a good deal of conjecture in that. However,. if you can prove that this is the body or skeleton of Worrall, and I think you are near the mark, there is a big field to work in,: as you say. He must have been with Jensen or in com munication with him to get the tin 'box and the photo. Fri allprobabililyJennen put the sheet of bark over him, though I don't see what hiB motive waB in leaving the box beside the body,' conoluded the doctor. * Oh, I can see an excellent motive in that aot. If. the body was ever found the likeness would, of course, come into the hands of the authorities, who would not fail to recognise it as that of (he murderer, Jensen. That would effectu ally stop all dispute and enable the ruffian, with a little oare, to come book to while civilisation. That point is clear enough to me. Yet the confounded fool was really too clever if that is what he has done. He has roUBed a sleeping dos». So far as the law was concerned he was dead to it, as my superiors huve long since given him up us gone. That is the way criminals generally over-reach them selves . Give them rope enough and they will hang themselve6,' replied Williams. 1 But you forget that Jensen could not possibly know what is within your knowledge. Put yourBclf in his position and then plan an idea. You believe the police are still in full cryj— find your desire is that they shall be thrown off the trail once and forever. I think Jsnsen'a plan, supposing we arc right in our belief, was a clever one. The only weak point in it was I he improbability that the body would be found, but I daresay he knew what he was about more than we give him credit for. What is your plan now ?' asked Considine. ' Just, wait for instructions. I'll add my belief that the skeleton found is that of Thomas Worrall, farmer, of New Norfolk, who was supposed to have been drowned with his partner, Duffy, in the Derwent River four yenrs ngo. That (should rouse them up,' replied Constable Williams. Tlie flame day a horseman waB des patched to the Tauiar settlement with the details which the reader already knows. From there it was sent on to Hobart Town, a9 most of the papers in Reference to the Jensen tragedy were kept 'there, and it was desirable that action should be taken — if taken at all — from headquarters. Nearly a month elapsed before any reply was received, and then a. magistrate was despatched from the Tamar to hold an inquiry on ' Sutherland's skeleton,' as it was known at the Mersey settlement. This bore out all that haB already been narrated, and aft--r spending two days taking evidence, a voluminous report was despatched to the capital. There was no doubt the skeleton did not belong to Jensen, and there was much proof that the bones once formed portion of Thomas Worrall 'a body. ThiE whs the gist cf the report, though it was hinted that there was presumptive evidence that Jensen was still alive. Keenan's vision was trotted out and made to good service, for it was shown by Constable Williams that the outlaw would be most anxious to know if the tin box and its contents hud been found by those who had dis covered the skeleton and buried it. Amongst other facts which were brought out was one contained in the evidence of Graham, the cook of Con sidinc'a camp. This was the disappear ance of a copy of the Hobart Town Mercury, having a lengthy account of the finding of the murderer Jensen's skeleton. This must have been taken on the same occasion aB the clothes, and no one but Williams seemed to see its importance. ' If Jensen took it,' he argued with himself, 'he must have become aware that his stratagem had worked, 'and not fearing the police, he would make his way back to settlement as quickly as possible. Having the ordinary civilian's clothes which he had 6tolen from the camp, there would be nothing to prevent him making a start at once, and that is doubtless what he did. Had be remained two days longer at his haunt in the glen he would likely have been captured, as Mesleyfound tlie place within forty-eight hours of the robbery. The devil's children have the devil's luck, 'concluded the constable, and his soliloquy ended, he proceeded about his routine business. . In a fortnight's time word came that the former reward of £250 offered for the apprehension, dead or alive, of Carl Jensen, for the murder of his wife, &c;, had been doubled, but from the half hearted way in which the authorities took the matter up, it was patent that they really did not believe themselves that there was much likelihood of securing the criminal. It wus on the 27th August, 1846, that the people of the little Mersey settlement were shocked by the news that Constable Williams had been brutally murdered within fifty yards of the public house at which he lived. A knife had been the instrument used, nnd, strange to say, the knife which had been left sticking in the body of the dead man was quickly identified as belonging to an assigned servant of the licensee of the public house, who was also a rather -large farmer in the district. The article could not be mistaken, for a score of people could testify that it belonged to John Southey, the name of the assign* d ser vant. Most damning of all, however, was the fact that considerable ill-will was known to exist between the dead man and John Southey. The latter was a person much iibove the ordinary stamp of assigned' convict servants, and on more than one occasion the constable had most offen sively asserted his authority apparently for the simple purpose of showing the tremendous difference between an as signed servant and a petty constable. This was resented by the former, and at length Williams used his authority to such effect that Southey waB arrested aud received twenty-five lashes. His master, the publican, actively Bided with Williams, for the constable was his boarder, and, in fact, his best customer. As his pocket was affected, it was little wonder the unfortunate Southey went to the wall. The convict bore deadly enmity to the constable after the Hogging, and he did not take the pains even to conceal it. IJe openly avowed that if ever he was in a position to' meet the constable face to face one or other, of them would go down. Thi3 was an un fortunate and reckless way of speaking, and when the murdered constable was found with Southey's knife piercing his heart it wns not to be wondered at that all the people at once directed their at tention to Southey as being' the actual murderer, aud two hours after the dis covery-oi the body Southey was arrested. In fact, before the formality of the inquest bad been gone through. To Be Concluded. 