THE DEAD EMPRESS. HER LIFE AND CHARACTER. A contributor to the Melbourne "Argus" furnishes the following:— It is not surprising to learn that the Empress Elizabeth of Austria was travel- ling incognito at die time of her assassina tion. Court life and ceremonies Had no charm for her. She much preferred the fresh pure air of xhe fields and country life to society and State functions. It is well known that the etiquette of the caurt of Austria is the most jstrict and unbending in Einope. This particular trait in her character caused a good deal ol" discontent in court circles, and on her unhappy hus band devolved the whole burden of court duties. 1 have often seea her wandering about the boundary Alps of Italy and 'Switzerland, on the Lake of Conio, espe cially in Tremezzina, opposite Uellagio, a favorite spot of hers. She often visited the Vfija Carlotta, famed for the statues by Cauova which ft contains, This villa was formerly the property of Cieneral Count Sonnnariva, and now belongs to the Prince or Saxe- Coburg-Meinin gen, a cousin /of the Empress. t>he would walk for hours on tue summits of the surrounding mountains, gathering bunches of wild violets and strawberries. She was certainly one of the most beauti ful women, if not the most beautiful one, in Europe. She had a queenly carriage, and her shoulders, feet, and hands were superb, the latter, of which she was very proud, being a special care to her. No one had more exquisite taste in dress. Of be coming stout the had quite a horror, so much so that she had herself weighed every morning. Her waist was of the slenderest, and her iigjre three years and a half ago, whea I last saw her, was that of a girl of 18. When on incognito excur sions she would be generally dressed in sombre colors, closely veiled, and all that could be seen of her attractive beauty would be her masses of lovely hair, the nape of a statuesque neck, gleaming eyes behind her veil, and shapely feet jiu<i ankles. Her roinautic nature ofcen inspired her to wander over the favorite haunts of her sister Caroline, the exiled ex-Queen of Naples, through PosiJlipo, Oapodiuiome, and Portia, and she has ben known to walk the whole way from Maples to I'oni peii. Like any. ordinary individual she would drop into cafes—such as the Gainbrinus, in Naples, opposite the Royal Palace —where she would order some simple fare. Horse riding was a mania with uer, and her feats on the hunting field are well known even in England and Ireland. Her spirit of en durance was wonderful. For years she lived in retirement in Hungary, where sue studied the language, visited the peasants, and became so endearea to the people that Bile almost rivalled Marie Therese in their affection. Whilst living in riiis seclusion her chief enjoyment was on the hunting field, the only person she received from Vienna being the late Count Andrassy, Prime Minister. At this period the re lations between herself and her husband were somewhat strained. Her sensitive and highly-strung nature led her to dream and brood over the past — of the misfortunes of her own family, and also of the ill-fated house of Hapsburg. To this house oclongs the sad privilege ot the legend of Messengers of Death (like the lianshees of the 52 nobie families of Jie iaud) —the Lady in White. The unhappy Kmperor of Austria, in a reign of nearly SO years, has, so the gossips say, seen this white ghost so often that lie lias almost learnt not to fear it." It is indeed almost amusing, in spite of the seriousness of '.lie fcubieet, to recall the stories one has board aJjout tin's phantasm. The hou^e of Ha]« imrg ha* been struck by misfortunes of a 1! kinds, and the "White Lady," as she is called, has, so the legend runs, always given warning. During the last few years a woman clad in white, we are told, has been seen for many' eights silently walk ing through the Hofburg in Vienna. She announced then that- the '^Archduke <kno-wn as Captain John Oilh, who had renounced titles, money, and claim to the throne, and who bad chartered a vessel to wander about the worid} was lost, and would r.ever set foot in those rooms again. The Jxagic dream of Meyeriing, which wit nessed scenes of love and blood, which no history wfll ever narrate, was preceded (ehall I say as a matter of course?) by the appearance of tie "Lady in White." This spotless apparition announced that die hours of the Archduke Rudolph and of Mary Vetzera were numbered. It will be interesting to learn if this family ghost has made any appearance lately, either fore warned or foreshadowed the tragic end of the mistress of the house. j Mutual grief helped to reunite husband : and wife to their former affection, and ] they mourned together over the grave of I their dead son. lope Leo XIII. used his influence to bring atiout this reconciliation; and also later on to induce' the Empress | to resume her duties at court. Of late years she had taken a keen interest in the. Is land of Corfu, where she had built a castle called the Arcbileon. It is quite a museum of objects of art, and she employed Vene- , tian and Neapolitan artists, the former to adorn the floors with mosaics, and the latter to fresco the ceilings. The famous painter Altamura was pressed into the ] service to beautify the castle.. A notable feature in the middle of the courtyard is J a monument erected to the memory of i Heine, her favorite poet. His poems were the solace of her heart in times of loneli ness and seclusion. After the tragic end of her only son she turned this castle into a monument to his memory; everything that belonged to him was treasured there, and kept as sacred relics. 