NEWS OF THE HAY. j i Protection Union.—On Thursday even ing last Messrs. W. Drew and AY. C, Higinbolham, delegates from the Armidale Branch of the National Protection Union, proceeded to Dumaresq for the purpose of opening a sub-branch of the union at that place. Mr. Higinbotbam ms voted to the j chair. Mr. Drew addres^^^he meeting j at some length, dealing \^^Rhe policy of i the party and the benefits to be derived in | forming branches throughout the elec- j torate, more especially in securing the • unanimous vote of the protectionists at j election time. The maj^j^was well dis- j cussed^and^ne~meetI^^^Enlm£yti5iy"tie- i cided to form a DumareS^Srancb of the i Union, 26 of those present subscribing j their names to the members' roll. On Pri- ' day evening a well-attended adjourned 1 meeting of the Armidale Branch was held i at the Imperial Hotel, Mr. W. Drew oc- j cupying the chair. The principal object of the meeting was to receive the report of the committee appointed to revise the rules, which were duly submitted, dis cussed, and amended, and finally approved ' of, the main principles aimed at being tbe ! taking of a ballot of the members of the '■ several branches in the electorate for the j | selection of a Parliamentary candidate. It j j was decided to submit the proposed new i rules ta_th§ .5Hlgrove^and Metz Branches, . j and seven members were elected to yisit_| j Hillgrove with a view to formulating a j scheme for taking a ballot as suggested; the Metz Branch being also requested to . send delegates to the meeting. Mr. j D. P. Claverie was elected secretary in . place of Mr. Snape, resigned. The meet- I ing, which lasted over two hours, was most j unanimous in its desire for a general ballot so as to avoid more than one candidate J j going to the poll, and thus jeopardise the j chances of the party at the forthcoming i general election. | Hillgkoye Mining. — Baker's Creek G-M. Co.: The battery during tbe fort night crushed full time and power, and cleaned up for a return of 303ozs. lOdwts. smelted gold from 516 tons crushed, of which 366 came from Smith's reef and 150 tons fiv-u :l u Bia ieei. —Sunlight G.M. Co. t The battery for the fortnight has crushed 41t' tons for a yield of 135ozs. smelted gold and approximately Sozs. in two tons concentrates.--West Reef Co.; The battery has i Put on Friday afternoon Head's farm, Gostwyek bertson. traveller, and Mr! Ernesl of Armidale, agent for the firm, conduct ing the trial. About 40 persons interested in farming were present, including several ladies, and owing to two tjhreshing ma chines being at wort on Kelly's Plains a large number of farmers were prevented from attending. Mr. Bobertson com menced operations by getting a four-furrow riding gang plough at work, which imple ment is made of the best steel throughout and quite new in style, it being very com pact and weighing about 5 cwt. The two fore wheels, with their lever ratchets, are one of the main features, for whilst plougb ! ing the driver can, with a movement of a j lever, raise or lower the plough, and by giving another lever a turn take three furrows instead of four, and by a simple plan the furrow can be made straighter if required. A third wheel tubs behind to steady the plough, the whole of the wheels having false boxes in them, which tends to stop friction and wear, by their rolling power. The mould-boards are made of softer steel in the centre, hardening towards the outsides, which prevents them from cracking and the shares are very wide, while revolving coulters are used, which are easily set. Mr. Bobertson used four horses abreast and set the plough three inches to begin with, after going a round he lowered it to seven inches, showing how easily it was raised or lowered. The ground ploughed was thoroughly pulverised throughout, leaving it a good seed bed. Mr. Wm. Faint got on the plough for the first time and easily managed it. Tlie two furrow Jubilee Colonial Model plough is built expressly for strength, having T shaped beams to secure strength with lightness, it stands high off the ground, thus leaving plenty of room for weeds or stubble to clear away. The wheels are larger and false boxes are used in them, and a steel bar is used for steering, and lever, with ratchets, for raising or lower ing the plough. A pressure of about 10 lbs. is sufficient to bring the plough out of the land, and it works much after the style of the ordinary two-furrow ploughs; the feature is the simplicity of the raising gear, also the lever to alter her to plough one furrow instead of two whilst working. The spring cultivator, with broadcast seeder was tested only as a cultivator. The teeth for cutting the land are made of the best spring steel, are shoe shaped, and reversible. The whole of it has a spring ing motion and no dragging occurs; pres sure is put on by a lever, and bars of steel put the weight on. For cleaning ground from sorrel or other weeds, the cultivator would be invaluable, its springy motion bringing the weeds to the surface. The broadcast seeder attached will sow any kind of grain, distributing it evenly, a marked guide showing from a quarter of a , bushel up to three bushels per acre. Those ■ present declared themselves well pleased I with the tests given, and some expressed a j wish that Mr. Bobertson would give an other display about show time, when he could rely upon having a large crowd to witness the trial. Mr. Robertson thanked them for their attendance, and said he was much pleased with the interest they showed in the trial and the criticisms they made, for they fully understood what they were speaking of. Doctors and Lodge Patients.—Judge Docker recently decided a case of interest to members of benefit societies, in their re. lationB with lodge medical officers. Dr. Lyden, sued John James Gree, of Wilton* street, Surrey Hills, for jEll Os. 6d. for medical attendance in a midwifery case. Greer was a member of a Friendly Socieiy^~ and he alleged that all the doctor was en titled to charge for was the whole of his> visits, which in this case numbered 21, was a fee of <£2 2s., which was provided for by the rules of the order. A copy of the rules was put in by the plaintiff, and it appeared from them that in regard to cases of this sort exception was made as to the fee the doctor was entitled to. A verdict was en tered for the amount claimed. The Oldest Woman in the World.—■ The death of Mrs. Anne Armstrong, of Shepherdhill, Miltown Malbay, County Clare, Ireland, has removed probably the oldest woman in the world. She was born in 1781, and had almost completed her 117th year. Towards the last her hearing was somewhat impaired, but her sight was perfect, enabling her to read comparatively " small print. She said she had never known an hour's illness, and she seemed com pletely able to look after herself. She kept no servant, and cooked her own meals. Every afternoon she retired to bed at be tween four and five o'clock, locking herself in her cottage. Her conversational powers were very remarkable, and her memory ex ceedingly tenacious. A Remarkable Dream.—Whatever may or may not be credited to superstitious ideas, startling facts occasionally crop up which are usually regarded as curious coin cidences. This happened in reference to the loss of the Atacama. Last Thursday morning a daughter of Captain Spruit's, residing at home in Balinain with her mother and the other members of the ""family, narrated to the latter very vividly a dream"*tt her father's] described with the n generally: Captain told to hif time as actual taking responds with was not such family when the from sea on Thurs Fever. — Dengi prevalent in Ipswic| we are not exaggeraij hundreds of people i Thursday's Queensla derstand that and Mrs. Cribl children, are si localised, took place at the New York Graduate Hospital on De cember 27. This operation consisted in cutting a hole in the skull of the patient, though which the effused blood resulting from the stroke of apoplexy was allowed to escape. The patient was Henri Chevalier, a French dressmaker, 53 years old. He is a man of good physique, not unusually plethoric, and at the time of his apopletic stroke, which occurred on December 16, was apparently in good health. Mme, Chevalier said that her husband had been a healthy man most of his life, and had never had an attack of apoplexy before, and that this one seemed quite unaccount able. When M. Chevalier was seized, and his family physician called, it was seen that he was in a condition of imminent danger. It was decided to perform an ope ration as quickly as possible, as that was the only way to save his life, and to that end he was removed to the amphitheatre of the Post Graduate Hospital. As the apopletic attack had rendered M. Chevalier almost totally unconscious by paralysing the nerve centres, the effused blood having penetrated to all parts of the brain, very little ether had to be used. The skull was trephined, and the clot of blood formed by the bursting of some of the smaller arteries on the left side of the head was allowed to escape. Some 30 seconds after the brain pressure which was killing the patient had been removed, his pulse and respirationr which had almost stopped, began to ap proach their normal actions. From that time be has steadily improved. Hot tho slightest setback bas occurred to reflect - discredit on the judgment made iu per- ^ forming the operation, and the surgeon who carried it through looks for the pa tient's recovery. For Influenza, Coughs, Colds, &e.;, use Coleman & Sons' Eucaylpte Extract. Political Humours.—It is reported in the city that, at the next general election, Mr. Carruthers will offer his services to the electors of Kiama, of which district he is a native, and that Mr. Bull, the pre sent representative of Camden, will flit to St. George, for which district Mr. Car ruthers is the sitting member. Mr. Bull is quite aware that he has not the ghost of a chance of being returned again for Camden, and that seat will be easily cap tured by Mr. Kidd, who was beaten at the last election by Mr. Bull by about 16 votes. If the Minister for Lands 3tands for Kiama, he will be defeated by a considerable ma jority ; the present representative is very popular in the district, and the people will certainly not reject him in order to give his seat to Mr. Carruthers. The latter may recognise this fact before the dissolu tion of Parliament takes place, and make up his mind to face the music at St. George. If he does, he will assuredly suf fer tribulation, for a large number of the women in the district have conceived a strong dislike for him, and indiijeetly they are capable of doing him anj immense amount of injury, remarks the Sidney eor^ respondent of the Examiner. Harvest Thanksgiving Services.—On Sunday last special harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Armidale Wes leyan Church, which was appropriately de corated for the occasion, and large congre gations attended in the morning, after noon, and evening, when sermons were preached by the Revs. Harding and Tay lor. The decorations were on a most ex tensive 6cale, the friends of the church having contributed produce of all kinds liberally and of an excellent quality. There was a profusion of well- grown cereals, vege tables, and fruit, while farm and dairy pro duce and flowers made up a picture which reflected the prolificness of the district and the bounteous season we are now enjoying. The numerous gilts were arranged by the prominent members of the church in trophy form around the altar, while festoons of ivy were hung around the sacred edifice and gigantic cornstacks with fruit, flowers, and vegetables were placed in various parts of the church. Over the pulpit was a splendidly executed text made with ears , of wheat, " The earth is the Lord's and the ' fulness thereof," while at the southern end was a similar piece of work bearing the words, " Thanks be unto God." The church , presented quite a seasonable appearance, and those engaged in the labour of love had cause to be gratified with their handi work. aaeepTHE S»cial World."—The fashionable world of Sydney contemplates a gay winter. ' From "present appearances (writes a lady \ scribe) there is no reason why it should not be so. The Admiral's wife and daughter j will be established at Admiralty House, and this in itself augurs well for pleasure- ■ seekers. Although our late Admiral enter- j tained to the best of his ability, a house is j never the same unless it has a woman at its head to manage these festivities. Then, too, Government House will be in full ! swing once more. Lady Hampden is on j her way back, and by the time she has ar rived here her little grandson will be able to be taken to the wharf to meet her. By the way, this little man and his mother are j getting on splendidly at Government House. I hear the son and heir greatly j resembles his father. ! Uralla Show.—On Tuesday and Wed- ■ nesday of next week, the annual show of le Southern New England P. and A. So ^ty will be held at Uralla, and as usual j lite a large crowd of visitors : list of peans ad 28, Uralla 313a and 21, Snd 10, Bundarra 1575 and and 2, Walcha Road 1100 ► and 2, Bendemeer 526, Guy |3, and Nowendoc 207 and Sons' Eucalypte Extract Ema, Bronchitis, Consumption, field Show.—The annual exhi the Tenterfield Intercolonial P. fociety is announced to be held on 10th, 11th, and 12th proximo, 50 in prizes will be offered, and no Ran 12 jumping contests are on the lule. The Tenterfield show has al fbeen noted for the excellence of its exhihils, but this year the fat stock Sr'tion will, it is stated, eclipse any Kig ever seen in the north, and the show 'blood and jumping horses and hacks lly up to the high standard of past years. )n the first night the show ball will be leld, and special arrangements have been "made for holding sports each evening. For the convenience of visitors from Armidale and intermediate places, a special train will run to Tenterfield on Thursday 10th, returning the same night, and holiday ex cursion tickets will be issued from all sta tions on March 7, available for return up to the 14th. 