THE SHARK AND THE WHALE. A MIGHTY BATTLE OF THE DEI3!'. Wo — a little girl of six au.l myself— were seated upon n high, flat- topned.grassy headland of a lonely part of the northern const of New South Wales, five miles from the old penal settlement of Port Macqtmrio. Three hundred feet below, the long Pacific rollers, unruffled by tile faintest breath or air, swept in endless but tmrfiess succession around a chain of black, isolated, and kelp-covered rockn that stood out from tho shorn at the distance of a cable-length «tr so. The tide was low, and some of the rocks1 raised their jagged, sun-dried summits perhaps six feet from the surface ; others scarce v. foot, so that each gentle swell as it came wavering shoreward poured over its surface in a creamy lather of fonm ; others agaiu were fathoms below, and their thick garments of kelp and weed swayed to and fro unceasingly to the sweep of the ocean roll above them. And in and about the rocks, and hoverinng over tho white gleam of saudy bottom that, like t great table of ivory, lay between them and the cliff bouDd shore, swam droves of bright pink coloured schu.'ipper, and great, lazily-moviDg blue-fish. Half u mile away a swarm of gulls floated motionless on the blue expanse ; upon the time-worn foreshore boulderu beneath us stood lines aud groups of divers, with wings outspread in solemn silenie, gazing 6eanard, We had climbed tho heudlaud to look for whales ; for it, was the mouth of October, when the great schools of humpbacks and finbacks Were travelling southward to colder sens froai their breeding ground'! among the Hampton nhoals nine hundred mil's away uorth-eant. For three weeks they hud been passing soutu, some times far out from the land, sometimes within a mile of tho shore — hundreds of thousands of pounds' worth of rich blubber, nitb nerer a whale3bip nor whaleboat's crew within two thousand miles ; tor the brave old days of Australian whaling enterprise died fully fifty yuara ago. At last, a mile or so away, ~ jet of smoky spray, and then another and another ! Five humpbacks — two cows, two calves, and a bull — oaly u small ' pod ' — that is, n school. Nearer and nearer they came, their huge, black humpc gleaming brightly in the dnzzliisg sunlight as they rose to spout. A hundred yavds iu front the old bull rolls lazily along, ' sounding ' but rarely, for the sea is full of squid, and he and his convoy, with drooping lower jaw, suck in the lovely morsels by countless nwarms. Six weeks before, as they had .volleri and spouted northwards to tbe great lagoons of the Bampton and Bellona reefs, they had passed within, perhaps a hundred yards of ihe head laud upon which we sat. Perhaps, too, a fierce ' north-easter ' blf w, and the chain of rooks j that was now so gently laved by the murmuring waves wns smothered in the wild turmoil of a roariug surf, and the great bull, although his huge, corrugated belly itched sorely from tht; I thick growth of inch-long barnacles tb^t ha 1 so j tormented him of late, spouted regretfully and headed seaward again — he could not scratch his giant frame in such a surf as that. But to day it was different ; ami now he could I eryjoT tb?.t long-deUiytd pleasure of driving i his yreat body over tbe rough surfaces of the [ submerged roc'-s and tearing those dreadfully | irritating barnacles off his twenty-five feet of grey-whice ridgy stomnch. For, suddenly, he raised his vast head, and then soundi-d, straight on end, and the child by my side gave a gasp of wondering terror as she saw his mighty tail rise a good ten feet in air aud then slowly vanish beneath. On west the cows and cnlveB, appareuUly taking no heed of father's sudden dive shore ward. He would soon ha back, they knew, as soon as the poor fellow had rid himself of those tormenting barmcles ; and so with dim nisheil apeed they kept, in southwards towards Camden Haven. But just as the great bull came burst ing through thf. blue depths into the greeny hue: of six fathoms of irater, we saw betweeu him and the ' pod ' two small jets, like spurts of steam, shoot up from the water between him and his convoy ; and in another second the cows aud calves had eoundedits deadliest terror and Vfere rushing seaward two thousand feet lw 1o-y. For they knnw that out there in tht: depths lay their only hope of safety from their dreaded and iuviucible enemies, tbe ' killers ' and 'threshers' of the South Pacific— the murderous savage, cetacean pirates that lie in wait for the returning ' pods ' as they travel southwards to tbe colder seas of Tasmania. Aa the great humpback reached the chain of rocks, and had begun to scratch, his foes had advancod silently but swif I ly towards him. Before them swam tbiiir equally fierce r.nd dreaded ally, A.loi)ias Vulpes, the ' thresher,' or fox-rharlc. But, before 1 tell of that aobln fight of giants which for nearly two hours we gazed at on that October morning from tbe lonely headland, let me say somethiu}; about Alopias Vulpes and his fellow-pirate, Orca Gladiator, the ' killer.' First of all, then, as to the ' thresher,' He is a shark, pure and simple, and takes his name from his enormous scythe-like, bony tall, which form two-thirds of his length. His mouth is hut small, and whales have little to fear from that, but dread the terrible kuife-like sweep und downward slash of bis tail ; for each stroke cuts through thu tough skin and sinks deep dowa into the blubber. Such is the ' thresher ' aud in every drove of ' killers ' there is always one thresher, sometiiufs two. The ' killer ' is actually a whale, for he is warm-blooded and rises to the surface to spout, which he does in a manner lhatha£ often led to his being mistaken for a humpback or finback irha.le. He is iliatiuguisbablu ouly from the grampus by his mouth, irhich has teeth — and terrible teeth— in both jaw» ; the grampus has teeth iu his lower jaw only. When be (the grampus) ia a baby he bus teeth in both jaws, but those of the upper jaw are shed and fall out whin he is about half-grown. The killer has teeth iu both jaws, as many a poor humpback and finback has found out to hia cost, for the fierce creature does justice to bis name — Orca Gladiator. Tht: killers hare a business, and they never neglect it. It it the business of whale catching anil killing. They are bulldog pirates of the deep sen, aud ou tbe eoant of Australia their headquarters are at Twofold Bay. Sometimes, but not oftei!, they have been known to attack the monarch of tbe ouean, tbe sperm whale. But they generally leave him alone. He is ton big, too powerful, uud his great ton-inch leeth and fierce spirit reuder him a dangerous cus tomer to tackle. But with the right whale, tbe humpback, and the seventy-foot flying finback, the killers can work their cruel will. Aud now to the fight we saw. * For about ten miuutes or so the great hump back dragged his monstrous seventy feet of (li-sb and blubber across the tops ot the sub merged rocks, riiisiug sometimes his vast head and sometimes bis mighty flukes out of the water, as with nil tbe weight of it hundred tons nr more he rubbed anil scraped and scratched bis itching belly against thehurface ol the rocks. Suddenly, a long slender, greyish object swept like lightning upon him, and the thresher buried his teeth in the loose .skin of his 'small' — that is, about fifteen or .-ixteen feet from his tail. An:l at tbe same moment with savage ] puffs of spray .shooting high from their blow- j holes, tbe two killers darted at his head aud seized him by thi- j*w. In ten seconds there was j nought to bo seen but a maddened whirl aud j ueeth of foam, as the unfortunate victim sought to escape seaward. Well did he know that in such shallow water— there was but five or six fathoms — he could not sound far below into ocean's depths, and, oarrjing his foes with him, compel them to rise to a.ir. Fifteen, perhaps twenty minutes exhausts the air supply of a killf r ; a whale can remain below the surface for sixty. But he made a bold attempt. Raising his enormous bend high iu sir and giving it it m ghty shake, he freed himself of one of this killers, whose body, twenty feet in length, lie hurled from him »s ii it were u min now ; but the other, with his cruel teeth buried bulldog fashion in bis thick lips, bun;,' on with savage tenacity. And'down upon his ' small ' the thresher, with his teeth gripping the loose, tough, and wrinkled skin, nprean d his lengthy form, and brought his awful scythe-like tail down upon the victim's b:iek, with a smack (hut could be heard half a mile away.. It cut, and theu, us the whale rolled in his agony from the blow, u broad white streak of blu ber oozud throuyh the severed skin. -Before he could gather his strength for that seawanl rush which meant life, the thrown-off killer whs back,aud hail seized him agnin by his; starboard lip. Too lato ! he could not sound and could not flee, and the poor, worried animal seemed to know it, for suddenly be lay quiet, while the bulldogs shook him uud the thresher dealt him steady but fearful blows upon his broad expanse of shining back. ' Oh, the poor whale !' said my little com panion, as she shuddermgly clutched my arm. ' Look at that !' The killer fastened to the loft jaw of the helpless, floating monster, raising hia square white uud black head about n foot or two out of water, gave it that quick jerk one sees a fox terrier gives to a rat, and brought awr.j- iu his jaws a piece of lip about a yurd long — z thick atrip of bloody white and red. And, us a terrier throws a rat backward' aud upward, so did the killer throw away tbe gory mass ; it fell with a heavy splash upon the water some fathoms away. Theu with a. mighty ieap the wretched while sprang clear out of the water, standing for a moment or two straight up and down, and as ho swuug his body round in falling we saw the blood pouring irom his jnws iu a stream. He fell upon nis back with r terrific splash of foam, aud for s tow teconds was out of danger -gain ne raised his nead — the killers were both fastened to his lips again, tear- ing off the blubbery flesh in monstrous strips. Once, as he wallowed in his agony, he opened his vasty juw,. and ere he :ould close his mouth one of his foes thrust in his bulldog bead and sought to tear amiy a piece of his great tongue. And then came gucu a crashing and splashing and bewildering leaping of foam, ? d bis tail upreared itself and swept round aud round in all directions, and then struck ths water blow that eoundr.d like a thunderclap. Look,' i.'.i I the child again, ? there are more of those cruel killers coming ; see, there lUfcy are, just below us ! ' Fifty feet awiy from the persecuted hump back, and sailing round and round in the green water beyond the rocks wire five sharks. They hail smelt tht; blood of the battle, and were waiting till they could join in, and, while the killers forced their head iutn the humpback's mouth and tore out his tuothsoma tongue, feed upoo the. quivering mass of bbvhber and' rend him iu pieces from his head dotrn to his ' small.' The unfortunate animal vras now becoming rapidly exhausted, and though he still struck the water resounding blows with his tail, he was convulsed with pain and I error, and swam slowly round and round in a circle, spouting feebly, and rolling from side to side iu a vain effort to shake oil' the killers, and find his way to the open sea. Then, a» if wearied with their attempts to get at hi* tongue, the two destroy ers suddenly let go tlieir hold uud swam away some twenty yards or so; iind the thresher, too, although he still lay. alongside, ceased bis fear! ill blows and let hi;; long, narrow, etiid tapering body lie motionless upon th:; watcr,aml the five gruy sharks drew nearer and nearer. But thu killers had not left him, for after spouting once or twice, they .slewed round am! Ciine at the prey with % savage rush, and leap ib'ii bodily out of the water, flung themselves upon his back time aad time rtcuin with the most cruel and extraordinary pertinacity. Aud so, at last, there he lay, his monstruu.f head and thirty feet of his back raised high out of the witler, and the white seethe of foam in which bis colossal frame writhed and shuddered iu deadly torment was tinged deeply with it bloodied red. Better far for him would have been thr. smft, death-dealing stroke of the whaler's lance, or tbe dreadful 'squish' of the bursting bomb as it entered his vitals, and put au end to him at once, than eudnrc such tortures as now were his. But, pirsently, gathering his strength for one linal effort, out: last spout slowly curled out, ha loirereii his bond, raised bis tail, »nd dashed headlong sea ward. Aud like demons fram the pit the tno killers followed him down. They knew tlii-a for n mile out the vrater was too shallow for him to get away from them. Behind, tbe livt sharks swept in swift pursuit ; ahead of :ili Alinpia* Vulpes cleft the water with sharp vicious '? trreeps ' of hi* long tail. Five, peruaps six, minuter p-.-.v;ed, and then, with :i. roaring burst of foam and spouting quickly, be raised his immense form half up out of the water and, supporting himself upon his tail, spun round and round. Twice his eavr like mouth opened aud shut, und as be beat the sea into froth ami .spumr aiound, a strange, awe-inspiring souiid gccoiuiiunieil hi lust sunut ; for the sharks \\. ere at him below, tearing and riving out mouthfuls of blubber, and the killeis bad dragged out his tongue One l**t shuddering gasp, and tbe uoiv uucuii scions creature sunk backwards, anil describing '? circle in iii.s final ' flurry,' rollf d over, ' fin un,' and g;ive up his greusy ghost; — Loui- Be.cke. in tbe ' Pall MstH Gv/i-tte.' 