Political Kicks, Toby Bartoo'i dictum, aocpraipg to 'The People,' is: 'I heve butonedewre— 1o eBe Luitralia federated. Bnt I can't permit George Eeid to do it, I muit oarry the flag, and my price is offioe at £2,000 per annum. Then is something wrong with the official notion in connection with the Devonport election; and if the Returning Offioer it not careful this election will also be declared invalid, and won't McOall ohuokle P Bangor, a city in the state of Maine, U.S., under private ownenhip paid £40 per lamp per year ; under publio ownenhip Bangor pays £8 10. Lewieton, Maine, under private ownenhip paid £16 per lamp per year: under publio ownership Lewietou pays £11. In each instance the eervises under publie ownenhip «re better than private corpora tions give. Australia for the Asiatic! The Chinese population of Queensland on 81st. December, .897 was : males, 7662, females, 148. Jap anese, males, 2664, females, 111. Kanakas, males, 7807, females, 657. Good for tha Native Born. Boggins M.P. was the only legal member who made a show of opposition to Clarke's ridiculous affiliation proposals in the House. C.D.fl. en tered tax emphatic! protest against a measure which would allow a summons for raamten ence to be kept hanging over the head of a possibly innooent man for five or six months, and moved for tbe anmroons to be made re turnable in one week from date of informa tion. Honse agreed to amend the olauae u indicated, bnt tbe labid percpn in obarge of the meaaureB sacrificed the whole olanse tather than aooept any auch humane amend ment. A News correspondent pokes the vene rable property representatives of the Hobart City Council with ?. 'M.uoh of the proper work and duties of tbe Ooanoil are neglected, and the work which i» done u attended with so much jobbery and partiality that tbe expen diture isoat of all proportion to the work and good done in the interesta of the ratepayer!.' If this ia a true bill the Clipper hopea the aeven voters are proud of their represen tatives. A'ao, if the aoouaation of jobbery and corruption haB a feather to fly with, the faot that the City Grandfathers are only re presentative of Dives is a thing to devoutly thank God on. Barton hasn't got the billet yet, and seems to have a ebow akin to the hiatorio Buckley's. Tlie overfed Toby, who gaoled the Barrier Strike leaders at tbe behest of the Fatman. will have to get low down on the penitent form before the Labor Party will tmst him. And whoever the Labor Partydoesn't trust oannot boss pohtios in N.8.W. these times. Under present marine laws a 60-ton ketch trading right round Tasmania must oarry a CBrtifioate from seven different Marine Boards. Altered in the bill now before the Houae— and nearly time, too, aB aerts Captain Milea. Hoggins is agon the bar, and on a clanse of the proposed Strahan Marine Board Bill hia aolitary 'no' caught the chairman a eat. ' I THINK tbe ayeB have it, said the chairman. The Native Born turned pale, but in a voioo quivering witu suppressed heroism he called, 'Divide!' The diviaion was taken, and Hoggins stood alone. The air of do or die with which he acted as his own teller was immenss. Ayes 16, no 1. 01 course the 16 were iu the wrong. N.8.W. Labor Party never held a more exact balance of power in Parliament than at present. As one resnlt, Minister for Mines Joe Cook (himself a coal miner bnt the other day) ia strictly enforoing the weighing clauses of the Coal Mines Begnla tion Act. The ooal-ownen threaten a lock out; they don't like having to part with their time-honored vested interest in the matter of robbing the miners; but with political parties as they are at present the first big look-out means nationalisation of coal mines. So mote it be. What a number of ghosts haunt Parlia ment I And with what persistency do they gibber and acowl from out dark and unex pected corners. This probably accounts for the fact that no Minister ever ventures alone even as far as the refreshment room, afraid of meeting the shapeless ebapes of former Nimmoratitiea ! Ditto at the Courts of Injastioe, where every draught suggests the breath pf a wronged soul, and the rery walU emell as if the blood of the martyred were clinging there still. Bradley argues that it will be quite safe to proceed with those West Coast harbor works. Tbe fact that vessels wrecked there have not been broken up by tbe waves, bnt have juatsunk in tbe quicksands, establishes Macquarie as the least dangerous bar in tbe colonies. 'Least dangerous!' Jobn had in his mind's eye tbe bewigged bar end the private bar — they certainly bare wreoked a few, and in addition have broke 'em up and eunk 'em a hundred fathoms deep. Hobart City Grandmothers' famous 'Cur- few Bell' Bill haB been carried in com mittenoftbe Asiembly. If it passes both Houses Alfie Crisp and other children nnder 16 will have to be off the streets at 8 o'clook in winter and 9 o'clcok in summer. And little Fowler, M.P., will have to sleep in Parliament Huuse all night to avoid arrest. Alaa ana alaok t With tbe final accept ance by Sir Fysh of the Agency General, The Clipper's last hope of a FyshBird Brown Cabinet . has departed. Aud a Platypus Ministry would have been suoh u novelty! Oar poet had already started to hunt np rhymes for ornithorhynchus, and had got as tar as this : — ' 0 ! for a Bhip that's safe at sea, Bossed by Captain Ornithorbyncbus, Even the timidest must agree — Such a trinity couldn't sink us !' And now the Fyeh part of of our platypus swims off to London, leaving us nothing bnt a disconsolate bird to badger. Campbell Town Brown waa the only Member of the Assembly who, during the ??Curfew Bell' debate on Wednesday night, got anywhere near the sore epot. A chip or two : ' Children of tender years are on the etreeta after nightfall because their homes ard not more attractive. Dirt and discom fort predominate in our slums. Secure to theparenta of the children decent wages, constant employment, and advantages held by other parents, and their homes will be come bright and pleasant, and their ohil dren will not need a policeman to hunt them off home at night. If vice is driven from the streets it will take to the uomoin and dark alleys.' Federal obBcnro': All theN.S.W. legis lative Assembly lights wont out wheu Bar ton oast hit first vote. Sir Philip Fysh, having arranged his guinea pige and other fiuancial business, has accepted the position of Agent-General, and Premier Braddon has a temptation to undertake the Troasnry and pocket the pay. Before annoxiug, it would be well ll he studied wise old jSsop'a tables. Ae the Ministry have a few nice offices of profit to give away, a gang of political faarpiesare mon goring for the spoil. Mean while the position of Minister Braddon iBn't a bed of ease, as other M'e.P., green-eyed with envy though hopelessly out on the edge of the soramble, have hinted that should the Government nee their patronage by bestowing favors upon any of their rank and file, they will he met with a vote of oenBure so soon as Parliament re- asaemblea next year. Their sincerity and consistency may be well gauged by their oonnivanoe with Fysh's collar of the A.G. A dispute in the oabineh Braddon re ferred in dobate to something operating 'within tbe foar oorners of this colony.' Urqnhart: ' There are only three corners to this colony.' Nice thins to compare Tasmania to Uncle Sam's wall-eyed mule, whioh had a leg at each oorner nntil an al ligator took one for breakfast and thus turned tbe quadruped into a tripod, and his aotion into a etep-and-fetch-it shuffle! Does the A.G. mean to insinuate that tbie province spells progress with a dot and carry one P A member referred the other nigbtto the 'annals of Tasmanian history.' The his tory of Tasmania's annals, with genealogical sketches of the builders thereof, will aome day prove interesting. 