LOST FOR LOVE CHAPTER X. VAL LEARNS OF A TERRIBLE SECRET. ? The two parlours of the Blairs were pretty well filled that night with young ladies and gentlemen, and a very gay party they were. There was so much laughing and chaffing over it, that it was some troublo to settle preliminaries ; but Laura was intensely in earnest, and could see nothing to laugli at, and, Captain Cavendish coming gallantly to lier aid, matters were arranged at last. Charley Marsh, who was a Rubens on a small scale, undertook to paint tho scenery, superintend the carpenters and tho machinery of the stage. The young ladies arranged the costumes ; everybody got their parts in MS. ; rehearsals' were appointed ; And some time before midnight the amateurs dispersed. In the June moonlight the English officer drove Nathalie home, and it was not all theatricals they talked by tho way. There ?was a good deal of trouble about the thing ' yet, now that it was finally started. In the first place, there was that tiresome Lady Leroy, -who mado a row every time Natty ?went to a rehearsal, and required lots of strawberries, and -jellies, and bottles of old ?wine, to bring her to reason. Then they bungled so in their parts, and wanted so much prompting, and Miss Elvira Tod, sister to the Rev. Augustus, -who was tall and prim, and played Minerva, objected to wearing a tin shield, and wanted to keep on her hoops. 'Now, Miss Tod,' expostulated Laura, ready to cry, ' you know the goddess Minerva always is painted with a breastplate, to con ceal her want of a bust; and as for your skeleton, you would be a nice goddess with lioops — wouldn't you ?' j On the whole, things progressed as favorably as could be expected ; and the eventful night was announced, tickets were issued and eagerly bought, and Speckport was on the qui vive for the great event. 'When the appointed night came, the im promptu theatre was crowded at an early hour, and -with nothing but the upper crust, either; the military band, which formed the orchestra, played' the 'Nymph'ts Dance' ravishingly, and amid a breathless hush the curtain rose. Mrs. Hill, destitute widow, was made happy next day by somo twenty pounds, the produce of the play, and Speckport could talk of nothing else for a week. The Speck port Spovter even went into personalities. ' Miss Nathalie Marsh,' that journal said, ' as Eucharis, ' astonished everyone. The fire, the energy, the pathos of her acting, could not be surpassed by the greatest professionals of the day. Captain Cavendish, as tho hero, performed his part to tho life — it seemed more like.reality than mere acting ; and Mr. C. Marsh as Ulysses, and Miss Laura Blair as Penelope, were also excellent.' Ono morning after this laudatory notice appeared in the Spoutcr, a young gentleman, one of the employes of that office, walked slowly along Queen-street, his hands thrust deep in his coat-pockets, his cap very much on one side of his head, and his face length ened to preternatural solemnity. The young gentleman was Bill Blair ; and that lie had something on his mind was evident, for his countenance was seriously, not to say dis mally, meditative. Reaching tho office, ho walked deliberately up-stairs, entered the outer room, swung himself nimbly up on the handiest stool, and began flinging his legs about, without the ceremony of removing his cap. Mr. Clowrie, the only other occupant of the apartment, looked at him over his desk with a frown. ' I thought Mr. Blake told you to be here at half-past six this morning, and now it's a quarter past eight,' began Mr. Clowrie; ' if I was Blako I would turn you out of the office.' ?' But you ain't Blako !' retorted Master Blair ; ' so don't rufflo your fine feathors for -.. nothing, Jakoy ! If you bad been up till half past one this morning, perhaps you wouldn't be any spryer than I am.' ' What kept you up till that time ? Somo 'devilment, I'll bo bound.' ' No, it wasn't,' said Bill; ' our folks, tho whole crowd but me, streaked ofTto the theatre; so as 1 could' t see tho fun of play ing Robinson Crusoe at home, I just wont over to Jim Tod's to have a game of all-fours, and a look at the pups, and they're growing lovely. I didn't mean to stay long, but the rest of tho fellows were there, and Jim had a box of cigars and a bottle of sherry ho had cribbaged out of the sideboard, audit was all so jolly I'll bo blowed if it didn't strike twelve before we know whore wo wore.' ' Well, now you've come, go to work, or there will bo a precious row when tho boss conies.' ' Blako won't row,' said Bill, nodding mysteriously ; ' but 1 know whoro there will be ov e bofore long. Cracky, won't thero be a flare-up when its found out.' Mr. Clowrie laid down his pen and looked up.' ' When what's found out ?' ' That's my soci'et,' replied Bill, with a porfect shower of mysterious nods. ' I saw tho rummiest go last night when I was com ing home ever you heard tell of.' ' I don't believe it,' said Jake, disdainfully ; ' you're always finding mare's-nests, and a lot iliey come to wlien all's dono !' ?' Jake, look here ! you won't tell, will you ?' ' Bosh ! go to work. What should I tell for?' ' Well, then,' said Bill, lowering his voice, ' I'vo found out who stole, that hundred pounds from old McGregor.' ' What ?' ' You remember that hundred pounds old McGregor had stolen a week ago, and that went so mysteriously ? Well, I've found out who took it.' ' You havo I' cried Mr. * Clowrie, excited; ' why there's a reward of fifty dollars out for the thief !' Bill nodded again. ' I know it, but I ain't going to apply. You won't tell — honour bright !' ' I won't tell ! who was it ?' ' Don't faint if you can ! It was his own son Alick !' ' Wha-a-t!' ' I tell you it was ; I heard him say so my self last night.' Mr. . Clowrie sat thunderstruck, staring. Master Blair went on : ' Charley Marsh is in the mess too — I don't mean about the money- stealftig, mind ! but him and Sandy McGregor are galloping the road to ruin at a 2.40 rate !' ' What do you mean ?' Bill looked- around as if fearful the very walls would hear him. ' They go to Prince street, Jake i I met them coming out of a certain house there past twelve o'clock last night !' ' By ginger !' exclaimed Mr. Clowrie, aghast. ' You never mean to say young McGregor stole the money to gam — ' ' Hu-sh-sh ! I wouldn't have it found out through me for the world. It's all the work of that dandified officer ; he was with them in a long overcoat, but I knew him the moment I clapped eyes on him. They were talking about the bank-note, aud the captain was laughing and smoking away as jolly as you please ; but I saw Charley's face as they passed a gas-lamp, and I swear he was as white as a ghost!' ' I suppose he'd been losing.' ' I reckon so, and Alick didn't look much better. That captain's a regular scape — he's after Cherrie Nettleby as regular as\ clock- work now.' Mr. Clowrie scowled suddenly, bnt Bill clattered on : ' I saw him twice last night; once before I met them in Prince street. It was about nine, and Cherrie was with him. Thero thetwo of them were standing, like Paul and Yirginny, at the gate, making love like sixty ! That Chorrie's the preciousest fool that ever drew breath, I do think. Why don't you — ' He stopped short in consternation, for the door swung open and Yal strode in, and, as he had done once before, collared him. With the other hand he turned the key in the lock to keep out intruders, and Bill fairly quaked, for Yal's face looked ominous. 'Now, look you, Master Bill Blair,' he began, in a tone exceedingly in earnest, ' I have been listening out there for some time, and I have just got this to say to you : if ever I find you repeat it to mortal man or woman, as long as you live, I'll break every bone in your body ! Do you hear that ?' Yes, Master Bill heard, and jerked himself free with a very red and sulky face. - ' Don't forget, now!' reiterated Yal ; I'll thrash you within an inch of your life, as sure as your namo's Bill ! And you, Ciowrie, if you want to keep yourself out of trouble, take my advice and say nothing about it. Now get to work, you, sir, and no more gossiping.' Val strode off to his own room, and sat down to look over a pile of exchanges and read his letters. But lie could neither read nor do anything else with comfort this morn ing. The boy's- gossip had disturbed him more than lie would have owned ; and at last, in desperation, ho pitched all from him, seized his hat, and went out. ' 1 played Meutor the other night on the stage. I think I'll try it in real life. Confound that Cavendish ; why can't he let- the boy alone ? I don't mind McGregor ; lio's only a noodle at best, and the old man can afford to loso the money ; but Charley's another story ! That Cliori-ie, too ! The fellow's a scoundrel, and slio's a — ! Oh hear she comes!' Sure enough, tripping along, her blue parasol up, her turban on, a little white lace veil down, a black silk mantle flapping in the breeze, a buff calico morning wrapper, with a perfect storm of white buttons all ovor it, swooping the dust, camo Miss Nettleby herself, arrayed as usual for conquest. The incessant smile, ovor parting hor rosy lips, greeted Yftl. Clicrrio always kept a largo assortment of different quality on hand for differont gentlo rnon. Yal greoted hor aud turned. ' Whero aro you going, Cherrie?' ' Down to Mrs. Marsh's. I've got a book of hers to return. How's Miss Jo ?' ' She's well. I'll walk with you, Cherrie; I have something to say to you.' His tone was so serious that Chorrie starod. 'Lord, Mr. Blako, what is it?' ' Lot us go down this street — it is quiet. Clierrie, does Captain Cavendish go to see you every evening in tho week ?' ' Gracious me, Mr. Blake !' giggled Cherry, ' what a question !' ' Answer it, Cherrie.' ' Now, Mr. Blako, I nevor ! if you aint tho oddest man ! I shan't tell you a thing , about it!' ' Ho was with you last night, ms ho npt ?' ' It's none of your business !' said polite Cherrie; 'he has as much right to be with me as anyone else, I hope. You come your self sometimes, for that mattor.' ' Yes ; but I don't make lovo to you, you know.' ' It wouldn't bo any uso for you if you did,' said Miss Cherrie, bridling. ' It's a different case altogether,' said Val ; ' you and I are old friends — he is a stranger.' ' He's not ! I've known him more than five weeks. If you only camc to preach, Mr. Blake, I guess you had better go back, and I'll find Mrs. Marsh's alone.' ' Cherrie, I want to warn you — the less you have to do with Capttiin Cavendish the better. People are talking about you now.' ' Let 'em- talk,' retorted Miss Nettleby, loftily ; ' whon Speckport stops talking the world will come to an end. I'll just do as I please, and talk to whom I like ; and if every body minded their own business, it would be better for some folks.' With which the young lady swept away majestically,' leaving Mr. Blake to turn back or follow if he pleased. He chose the former, and walked along to Dr. Leach's office. Charley was standing, looking out of the window and whistling a tune. 'Hallo, Yal!' was his greeting, 'what brings you here ? Want a tooth pulled, or a little bleeding, or a trifle of physic of any kind ? Happy to serve you in the absence of the doctor.!' ' No, I don't want any physic, but I have come to give you a dose. Are you alone ?' ' Quite. Leach went to visit a patient ten minutes ago. What's the matter ?' ' Everything's the matter ! What's this I hear you have been about lately?' ' Turning actor — do you mean that ? Much obliged to you, Yal, for the puff you gave me in yesterday's Spouter.' 'No, sir, I don't mean that! Isn't Alick McGregor a nice fellow to rob his own father and you his aider and abettor ? Fine doiners that !' Charley fairly bounded. ' Oh, the d ? ! Where did you find that out ?' ' Never mind, I have found it out ; that is enough.' ' Is it known. Who else knows it?' ' Two that are not quite so safe to keep it as I am ! No, I won't tell you who they are. Charley, what are you coming to?' 'The gallows, I suppose; but I had no hand in that. If McGregor took the money it was his own doings, and his father could spare it,' ' What did he want of it ?' ' Am I his keeper ? How should I know ?' ' You do know ! When did you turn gambler, Charley?' Charley turned round, his face white. ' You know that, too ?' ' I do ! . McGregor stole the hundred pounds to pay a gambling debt to Captain Cavendish. And you — -where does your money come from, Marsh ?' ' I don't steal it,' said Chnrley, turning from pale to red ; ' be sure of that!' 'Come, my boy, don't be angry. You know I don't deserve that speech; but surely, Charley, this sort of thing should not go on. Where will it end ?'' \- ' Where, indeed ! said Charley, gloomily. ' Yal, I wish you would tell me how you found this out ?' ' Pshaw ! do you really expect to go in and out of the most notorous gambling- hiouses in Speckport, at all hours of the day and night, and it not ba discovered ? You ought to know this place better.' ' That is true ; but how did that infernal business of McGregor's leak out ? No one knew it but ourselves.' ' It has leaked out, and is known to two persons, who may blow on you all at any moment.' 'And I wanted to keep it from Natty. Val, old fellow-, do tell me who they are.' ' You know I won't ; it would do no good. . Charley, I wish you would stop in time.' ' Stuff ! it's no hanging matter after all. Dozens go thero as well as I !' ' You won't give it up, then ?' ' No until I win back what I have lost. My coffers are not so full that I can lose without trying to win it back. Don't talk to me, Blake, it's of no use ; win I must, there is no alternative. Won't Alick go into white horror when he finds the murder's out?' Val turned to leave. 'You're going, are you?' said Charley. ' I need hardly tell you to keep dark about this : it will only mar, not mend matters, to let it get wind. Don't look so solemn, old boy, all's not lost that's in danger.' Val said nothing — what was the use ? He passed out and went home to his domain. ' I knew how it would be,' li9 said to himself, going along 'but- 1 have dono my duty, and that's satisfactory. I'll keep my eyo on you, Captain Cavendish, and if ever I get a chance, won't I play you a good turn for this !' CHAPTER XI. THE HEIRESS DEFIANT. ' And if I ever find her going prancing round with him any more,' said Lady Leroy, clawing tho air viciously with her skinny fin gers, ' or lettii'g him como home with her again, I'll turn her out of doors, I will, as sure as your name's Midge.' ' Which it isn't,' said Midge ; ' for I was christened Priseiller, And as for turning her out you know right well, ma'am, you can nevor get along without her, so where's the good of your gabbing.' The dialogue between mistress and maid took place, of course, . in the former's room, which she rarely left. Midgo was preparing her ladyship's dinner, all the cooking being dono in the chamber, and all the edibles being kept under lock and key and doled out in ounces. Midge and Lady Leroy fought reg ular pitched battles every day over the stinted allowance awarded her, and Natty had to como to tho rescue by purchasing, from her own private purse, the wherewithal to satisfy Midge. No other servant would have lived at Redmon on the penurious wages tho old lady grumblingly gave, probably on no wages at all, considering tho loneliness of tho placo, its crabbed and miserly mistress, and hard work ; but Midgo stayed through her love of Nath alie, and contradicted and bickored with Lady Leroy from morning till night. In the days when the Marshes wore rich and prosperous, \- Midgo had beon a hanger-on of tho household doing pretty much as she pleased, and coming and going, and working or loafing as she liked. She had saved Charley's life once, nearly at the risk of her own, and loved him and Nathalie with a depth of self-sacrificing and jealous tenderness few would have given her credit for. Nathalie was good to her al ways, considerate and kind, putting up with hor humouv and quorulousness, and ready to shield her from slights at any time. Midge scolded tho young lady roundly on many an occasion, and Natty took it good-humourcdly always. She was out now, and Lady Leroy's wrath had been kindled by something that had happened tho preceding night, and 'which she had found out through Cherrie Nettloby, for Midgo told no tales. Captain Cavendish, contrary to her express orders, had seen .Nathalie home from a littlo sociable at her mothers. Val, Miss Jo, Laura Blair, Catty Olowrie, Jeannetto and Alick McGregor, Chailey, and Captain Cavendish only had been there ; for somo sick pauper had sent for Miss Rose, and she had gone, glad to escapo. Cherry had seen the captain and Miss Marsh pass tho cottage, and, spiteful and jealous, had tattled next morning. Lady Loroy disliked Captain Cavendish—she did most people for that matter, but she honored him with espe cial aversion. Nathalie had gone off af tor breakfast to Speckport, to attend to hor music-pupils and visit the school. Cherrie had come in afterward to retail the town gossip, and had but just departed ; and now the old lady was raging to Midge. ' I tell you, Midge, I don't like him !' sho shrilly cried, 'I don't like him, and I don't want him coming hero.' I 'No more don't I,' retorted Midge, 'I'd go to his hanging with the greatest pleasure ; but 'yvhero s the odds ? He don't carc 'whether wo like him or not ; he only laughs and jeers at both of us, so long as sho does.' (# j ^ ^ her ho likes,' said Lady Leroy, 'it's my money, my money, that I'vo pinched and spared to save, and that he thinks to squander. But I II be a match for him, and for her too, the ungrateful minx, if she thinks to play upon me.' ' She ain't an ungrateful minx, ma'am ?' sharply contradicted Midgo; 'she's better nor ever you were or ever will be ! She lives shut up here from one week's end to t'other, slavin' herself for you, and much she gets for it ! She can do what she likes with the money when you're dead !' Lady Leroy's face turned so horribly ghast ly at this speech that it was quite dreadful to i look at. The thought of death was her nightmare, her daily horror. She never thought of it at all if she could, and thus for cibly reminded, her features worked for a moment as if she had a fit. Even Midge grew a little scared at what she had done. ' There, ma am !' she cried, ' you needn't go into fits about it. My speaking of it won't make you die any sooner. I dessay you're good for twenty years yet, if your appetite holds out!' The old woman's livid face grew a shade less deathlike. 'Do you think so, Midge ? Do you think so?' j '.Oh, I think so fast enough ! Polks like you always is sure to spin out till everybody's ^ tired to death with 'em. Here's your dinner ready now ; so swallow it, and save vour breath for that !' The sight of her meals always had an in spiring effect on the mistress of Redmon, and Natty was for the moment forgotten. Per haps it might have spoiled her appetite a little had she seen the way that young lady was returning home, and in what company. Not I walking discreetly along Redmon road, and not alono. In the pretty boat, all white and gold, with the name ' Nathalie' in golden i letters — tho boat that had been poor Alick McGregor's gift — a merry little party were skimming over tho sunlit waves, reaching Redmon by sea instead of land. The snow white sail was set, and Nathalie Marsh was steering ; the sea- wind blowing about her tangled yellow curls, fluttering the azure rib bons of her pretty hat, deepening the roses in her cheeks, and brightening the starry eyes. She sang as she steered ' Over the Sea in my Fairy Bark,' and the melodious voice rang sweetly out over the wide) sea. Near her Captain Cavendish lounged over the side, watching the ripples as they flew along in tho teeth of the breeze, and looking perfectly content to stay there for ever. Beside him sat Laura Blair, and, near her, Miss Jo Blake. Laura, was often with Miss Jo, whom she liked, partly for her own sake — for she was the best-natured old maid that ever petted a cat — and partly for her brother's, whom Miss Blair considered but one remove from an angel. The quartet had ' met by chance, the usual way,' and Nathalie had invited him to have a sail. She had rowed herself to town in her batteau-, but the sail back was inconceivably pleasanter. As ihe Batteau ran up on the beach below Redmon, Natty did not ask them to the house, but no one was surprised at that. They accompanied her to the gate, Captain Cavendish slinging the light oars over his shoulder. ' And you will be at the picnic day after to-morrow, without fail,' Laura was saying to Nathalie. ' Can't promise,' replied Natty. ' Mrs. Leroy. may take it into her head to refuse permission, and I have been out a great deal lately.' 'I don't care,' said Laura, 'you must come ! If Mrs. Leroy turns inexorable, I will go up with a basket of oranges and let them plead in your behalf. You see, captain, we have to ' st&y; that old lady with flagons aud comfort her with apples' when we want Natty very badly, and she turns refractory.' ' All tho oranges in Seville would not bo thrown away in such a cause. By all means, Miss Marsh, come to the picnic.' Speckport was famous for its picnics and excursions by land and water. This one was tho first of the season, and was to be held on 1 Lady Leroy's grounds — a pretty high price having to be paid for the privilege. ' There won't be any fun without you, Natty,' said Miss Jo ; 'I won't hear of your absenting yourself at all. Is Miss Rose to have a holiday on the occasion.' ' I offered lier one, but slio declined; sho did not care for going, sho said.' ' What a singular girl she is !' said.Laura, thoughtfully ; ' sho soems to care vory little for pleasure of any kind for herself ; but tho poor of Speckport look upon her as an angel sent down expressly to write their letters, look after them in sickness, mako them .beef tea, and teach their children for nothing. I wish you would make hor go to tho picnic, Natty, and not let her mope herself to death, drud ging in that horrid scliool-room.' Captain George Cavendish, leaning on tho oars he had been carrying, seemed not to bo listening. Ho was looking dreamily before him, seeing noither the broad green fields with the summer sunlight sleoping in sheots of gold upon thorn, nor the whito, winding, dusty highroad, nor the ceaseless sea, spread ing away and away until it kissed the liorizon sky, nor tall Miss Blake, nor even tho two protty girls who talked. It had all faded from before him ! and he .was many a mile away, in a strange, foreign-looking city, with ' narrow, crooked streets, filled with foreign looking men and women, and priests in long black soutanes, and queer hats, and black nuns, and gray nuns, and Notre Dame nuns and Sistors of Charity and Mercy, all taking in French, and looking at each other with | dark Canadian eyes. He was back in Mon treal, he saw tho Champ-de-Mars, the Place d'Arme, the great convents, the innumerable churches with their tall crosses pointing to tho heaven wo aro all trying to reach, and' he saw himself beside one — fairer in his eyes than all tho dusky Canadian beauties in the world, with their purple-black hair aud great flash ing black oyes. 'Winnie! Winnie ! Winnio !' his false heart was passiipnately crying, as that old time camo back, aud golden-haired, violet- eyed Nathalie Marsh was no more to him than if she had beeu but the fantisy of a dream. Ho had flirted and played the lover to scores ; played it so long and so often that it had become second nature, as necessary as the air ho breathed ; but ho had only loved one, and he seemed iu a fair way of going on to the end. He had been a traitor, but ho could not forget. The girl he had jilted was avenged if she wished for vengeance : no pang he had ever givon could bo keener than what he felt himself. A laugh aroused him, a merry, girlish laugh. Ho awoko from his dream with a start, and found them all looking at him. (To be continued.) 