THE GIRL HE LEFT BEHIND ' HIM. ' i George Grayling, of South Africa, and Lord Bodniiu.uf Tivordon Home, Park- lano, bad just tnut, for the first time for two years, on Sunday mowing, near tbo Aobilles statue. I ?' Yes, I got back Into list meat,' said Gray- j linj,'. surveying t'lo black leafless trees and the drab tinted fronts of tho stately English bouses With a lock of intense satisfaction in bis 'calm blue eyes. ?' It is three years since I lest art Toot in London. Nothing scorns altered, and yet I suppose everything is changed. What's the eailie.it hour at which a man may veuluro to call on old Friends on Sunday morn ing F' ' Oh, give 'cm till half-past one I' said t.ord Boilmin. . ?' Fcopto go to church and lie in bed on Sunday mornings, now. . What did they do three years auo, 1 wonder F' Lord Bodmin glanced at bis friend, and a gcod-humourrd Binilo lurkod about bis lips, He bad gono on n sbuuting tour with this tawny-bearded, suuhurnt traveller in the land where the man iris known -s a mighty hunter and tho beat of leadors for wealthy youth ia pursuit of sport aud adventuro. After a suc cessful trip up country, they had patted the firtnfftt of frientln— ' Grayling to prospect for I I.e. mi w gold of a virgin land, Jock Hay ward torolurn to. the old world to look after the ancient estates so soon to be his own. A recol lection of tbe roughness of the waggon life — tilt* primitive cookery, and the modest wardrobe —on run into bis mind us ho noted tho conven tional correctness of Grayling's pretent cos '. You seem to h»ve followed the fashions pretty carefully,' ho said, laughing. 'Did /on Qt out in Capo Town, or had you the vanity to send on to London for what you wanted P' ' They, were waiting for mo at tbe hotul last night.' I didn't want to turn up quite like a savage. What are you laughing at ? Are they all wrong P ' aud Grayling looked down at bis irreproachable attire in sudden doubt. ' My doar fellow, they are perfection. You must givo me tbo address of your tailor. I was only laughing because 1 shouldn't have auspec ted you capable of taking so much trouble. But tbe veldt isn't Hyde Park, is it P And' white women are more fanciful than black in tho matfar nf ftlnhhaa nrnn'h H-l-ir 9 T ffitn!^ clio will be rather fluttered by your forethought.' 'Who will be flattered? What do you 'Why, the lady that you are going to call upon at half-past one. Tell me all about it, old.cuap. . I hope she is worthy of you.*' George Grayling bit his light moustache, looked slightly puzzled,, if not offended, and then laughed frankly and heartily— n littlo louder, Derbaps, than is customary at Church Parade in London. ?? Bodmin, you're as good a sort as over,' he said, cheerily. ' When 1 sawyou just now I was in two minds ubnut speaking to you. Juck Haywurd ou bis travels Su Africa, aud Lord Bo-Jmin at borne are two »ery different people, 1 thought. Of course, I knew you'd bo civil, but 1 didn't expect you to fce friendly ; and, hang' me, if you don't seem as pleased to seo me agaiu as I am to see you.' ' I am-— every bit, and more,' said Bodmin ; *' and I wont to hoar all that's happened since tbe old days. You remember w; used to get pretty confidential in that ulil nuggon.' ' You did, you menu. You used to tell me about a dozen different love afTairK, each of which, you said, had driven you from your native country. Now you have come into your own', I suppose you are rarely driven to despair, eh ?' 'Ob, I am a reformed character, and a credit to the pserngo. I am going to be married. Slado up my mind to tho fatal plunge this aufumn. Made my oboicr, proposed, and was refused. You nrouliln't believe it, wuuld you, in theso hard times p But I bore it philosophi cally. It was' quite rigbt ; I didn't deserve her. Aud I don't. For 1 offered her auolhtr ?chance — just to make sure that I badn't mis understood— and the second time she gave way, and submitted lo fate.' ' I congratulate you,' said Grayling. ' And she is to be congratulated.' '? Far from it,' said Bodmin, lightly. 'Shu is much too good for me. But tell me about yourself. What or who has drawn you from the conquering and civilising business ?' 'Well, the fact is I want to follow your good example— I want to get married.' ** Some one you met out there P' ' No ; some oue I li ft behind me when I went into exile. I always told you that I was in love— with one instead of a dozen— but you didn't beliovo me. Well, 1 was engaged to her beforo I left. I asked her if she would wait while. I went in search of a fortune ; and shu bag waited for rue. Three years is a long time, . isn't it ?' ** I'm suro sti6 is a nice Girl, or you wouldn't be so fi.nd of her,' said Bodmin, kindly. 'Fond' of her hardly cxpre-ws it,' said Grayling, with a smile. ' You know w'l.nt sort of fortune is made trading ivory, mid all the rrat of it, and who realises the profits of gold-mining — tbe fellows who do the digtfilis, or the fellown who stay at home and write prospectuses about it ? At tho end of the first year I thought I should be coming back in another twelve months, a rich man — thai is, as rich as 1 wanted to be. But, after that fir. si yoar, every mouth found me farther away from my goal. liven introducing tbe aristocracy to big game didn't set me up for life.' ' You surprise me by that.' ' No one can wait for ever. And. as the timo went by, you nan gueas bow I used to think about my chances. A pretty girl, a girl certain to bo admired, living in London m a worldly set, with a worldly family not likely to underrnte the advantages of a good match or the folly of a bad oue ; and a ptunilefs beggar on the other si Je of the globe, asking her to kcrp free until it putted him to come back and claim her. Of course, her people told her 1 would never come back at all, and hoped it, no doubt.' ' but tho? would have heard of you this Inst year,' said Bodmin. ' Yeur name was always in I ho papers.' ??Oh, with tho Company. She told me slio Followcd all that with interest. I had fire let ters from her m those time years. I told her it was no u»o writing, »ml when I got tho last letter 1 was a rich man. Think of it -nine hundred a year, left me by an old aunt, waiting for me in England. Stems a trifle paltry to you, no doubt, but to me it was wealth beyond tbiidriainnof avarice ; aud in tbu way ot land, I'm a tremendous owner. Willing to part with an inuntnsc estate in the neighbourhood of the flourishing city of Kulawityo, if you've got the laud-hunger ou you.' ' Thank* ! I find a Yorkshire holding quite far enough away to be troublesome. Goon. I take it you came home without wasting any more time ?'? ' Like a stone from a sling. She had been t.-uo to me. She was still waiting for me. She had Just refused some heavy swell for my sake. No doubt In r mother and sister were furious with her. I think I should have comr hack win n 1 got that letter, even if I hadn't heard from the Uwyers about the money at the Minn time. She bad kept her promiie. God bless her. But I am only boring you. Von aren't listening.'' ' Yes, I was. You said you came straight Bodmin, hurriedly. ' 1 fancied I ssw some one. Yes, by Jove, hero shn comes !' Grayling, following tho direction of his fricn.H's eyes, started violently. ' How did you know ?' he asked, his voioe founding husky from emotion. But Bodmin did not he»r tho question, A carriage had passed. An elderly woman and a handsome girl, who bad just entered tan park, were waiting on the other side for tho carriage to go by, before, crossing tho road. .Tho noise of tbo passing wheels had drowned Grayling's words. , ' It's Edith Chnlmore— tho girl I am engaged lo and bsr mother,' said Lord BDdmin, quickly.- ' Don't run away 1 I should like to ntroduce you to them.' ' No, I won't run away,' said Grayling, quietly. 'But you needn't) introduce mo. I bare often mot Lady Jinn aud her daughter.' Presently, after bo bad been wolcomed back to London with tho unexuberant politeness of n ell-bred people, Sir. Grayling and his old friends strolled back to tbo Achilles statue. At thia point tbe crowd rendered progress difficult, and Miss Chalmers was given an op portunity of ronowing her acquaintance with the exile in a brief tcte-a-tote. Lord Bodmin was a few paces in front of them, gallantly steering Lady Jano through the press 'of tbe mob. and Miss Chalmers spoko in rapid low 'Why didn't you write to say you tiere ' I have arrived as soon as my letter could.' ' Havo you heard of it-from him I' . ' Yes ; Bodmin has just told mo.' ' Am you surprised t' Grayling looked at her steadily.and said nith cold contempt, ' No, I am uot surprised.' ' You aro very oruel. Are you goiug to be ' No, I am only passing through. I am on my way to Africa.' ' You will come this afternoon. ? . Come early, I ? ' ' I am very sorry. I have bo little timo ia ' You must come. Do you hear ?' Grayling looked at her again, and the beauti ful dark eyes flashed in command and softened in appeal. It w»s the samo face, but paler and under the Sonthern stars night after night during tbo Inst three years. The dark hair, the firm white brow and coin, and tbo full lips which trembled ever so slightly, and the stately carriage of tho graceful head were' the same, yet not the same. The Bonse of tho wrong sbo bad done him hardened his heart against her beauty, and ailed him with vague wonder at his own follv. for any explanation. I can quite understand. Good-bye,' be said, firmly ; and then, making his adieux to Lady Jane and Dodmiu, he loft ' If yon had not corao, [ should havo gone to your hotel.' 'Your note gave me no choice. But it is vory foolish. Your mother will be angry. Does Tbe winter afternoon was drawing to a close ; tbe little panelled room which Grayling rt inembcrcd so well was full of strange shadows ISach time that the fire leapt into life in the basket-grate, some familiar object sprang out from tbo gloom uHhe walls --a picture, a curved bookcase, tho writiug-tublo at which she hail penned the letters which had kept his bnpes from fudiug out tl.ero in the wilderness. . ' Never mind my mother. Sho knows that I meant to see you— alone. Ai.d she prefers this .to the other way. l.want you to uudrrst-md how it happened. You know that we Lridn't too. much wouiy in the old days. Well, things got worse and worse. My mother's income bos dwindled away almost to nothing. It is only what my father settled ou mo and the help my uncle gives us that bavo i nabled us to keep on in tho old house ; und even then wo are hideously in debt and always in money diffi culties. Of course, ihev all said 1 mutt m::rry some rich man, aud s:i?o the fuinily, Every — everybody. They said it was madness to expect you to return— tint you would either get killed, or would settle down with a scoro of black wives and be a chief, and never come back. Thoy said if you really cared for mo, you would have been back long ago. Then, when they found out that 1 bad refustd Lord Bodmin, fchEy niadQ iny lifo un ubsoluto torment to me. My uncle said I was killing my moth****, my mother said wob . rum imc my siait*r s pro?pi c-s —that she could never f*ct married uutil I wui out of tho war. They all made me leel how much they wanted to get rid of me. ' George. dou*b bo unkind ! Say you can make allowances or something — even if you don't mean it. Why did you po away ? Why were you su proud P 1 had euough then for both of us. Why didn't you marry me P It was vour horrlblo pi'iilo— the pride that men always hold dearer than their love. ' George, do you hear what I say ?' and she came, over to the hearthrugj where be stood staring into the heart of the red tin, and laid her band on his shoulder. ' I swear 1 was as much iu love with you as I was on tbe day that I told Bodmin I would be his wife. They had made me believe that it was my duty— that it would be best for you as well as for us. But now that you have como bock, what shall I do— what shall I do ?' uud shti liant her head upon her hand. ' Did you tull Bodmin anything of the pust ?' '? No. If he had known ho would never have asked me to be his wife. He is very good and very kind, and I have trvated him shamefully. But, George, he doesn't love me ns you used to —as you do now. It is no good pretending Nothing can make any difference. You lovo me Then suddenly she looked up, -nd, clasping his hund, said almost .defiantly : ' I won't do it, George, now you havo re turned I I don't care for anything in tho world but you. Family, friends, reputation, aro all nothing. 'J\ikc me back to Africa with you, and let us forget i very thing but our love.' ' You forget that Budmiu is my friend. Treachery to him nould ? ' ' Oil ! he will get over your treachery.' ?' Yes, hut l shouldn't. Edith, you don't understand. My lovo was the girl who refuted the rich man for tbu Hake of her nonniless lovor; the girl who jilted Lord Bodmiu is some oni! quite different 1 Good-bye !' ' George, dou'tgo ! You won't go to-morrow \- you n ill wait just a little while ?' ' I shall leave Cbrtring Cross to-morrow morning by tho elovun-lhiity train for Dover.' ' Ghuriug Cross ! That's the traiii mother and 1 vtent to Paris iu.' Aud the girl laughed hysterically 'If you want to sit with your back to tbe engine, you must start the other way, because tho train chMigts ends at Cannon-streut. Ob. George! how. can you be so cruol ?' And sbo caught his band aud burst into tearV.-r' Why | dou't you say that you ore glad to bo fre^. that you hud grown tired of me, and ouly cmne buck to do your duty ta the old love llliit *-aB cold, and dead?' ' You know that 1 could not say that with out lying.' ?? Then you do lovo me still ? Then let mo come with you— take me back with you !' \\_ji-Uii*i) j u ? 4\un nc ^uiiuijr iruaiuii unit- , self from the clasp of her trembling bauds. ! ' Don't think that I try to be cruel, oi that I don't understand the pressure winch has made ' you promise yourself to nuothtr twin. It witn ;.n unequal bargain. Three years is an absurdly long time-a lifetime in Mayfiir, isn't it' But in Africa-you can giuss hoiv timo flies out there. Thcro was uo merit in remaining fuith ful ? ' ' George, I hats you !' And the threw off ' the band to which nhe had been clinging convul sively. Then, as he reached tho threshold, she called after him : 'No II love you— more than over 1' Gannon-street Station in tho fog' of tho win ter morning loomed black and vault-like. Clouds of white steam under. the vast arch of the gjaps roof glowed for a moment iu opal tint! where Iho arc lamps burnt whitely. nnd then were lost in tho drab-coloured niist above. People on tho platforms sccmo.l ghost-like and shadowy. ' The muffled figure, of a woman hurrying from carriage to1 carriage filled the passongers in the Continental train with dread lest their comfort wnsto.be interfered with by tho addition of another traveller. Just as the train was on the point of starting, the lady in the heavy furs discovered tho compartmont for which sho. was seeking — a smoking carriage, with a solitary man i in tho far corner. The guard shut the door upon . her, the engine whistled, aud the boat-oxpress steamed. away into tho fog and mist hanging over tho river. ' Edith ! Why hare you done this ?' cried tbe man in tho corner, struggling to his feet amid a shower of ruga and magazines. ' Because I am goiug with you. It's no good being angry.' Aud she fluug off her fur wrapB and settled down by his side. f tfeu, with bright eyes and flowing colour and a Btnile of triumph ou bBr tremulous lips, sho con-' tinued quickly : ' It is uo good. making u fuss ; you havo got to take me— for better, for worse. I havo written to Bodmin ; left a letter for my mother, sister — everybody I could think of. What's the time P Getting ou for twelve ! Why, my disappearance from smart society will bo in the evtning papers by now. George, say you are pleased I And tell mo if you really meant to facc- the engine — or forgtt that the train went into Cannon-street P'— ' Thu World.' 