? A DETECTIVE STORY. bv specua arrangement^ with Loci 4" Co, Ltd. , alL KIOHTS RE3KEVKB.] IHE CHAPTER XIII- LAKE COO-TT HBRAIN." GR LA^ENCE LYNC H ' " No Proof," " Moina," &C.; Has Doran been here, doctor ?" xere the detective's first words J„ he eutered the sanctum upon his * hf 4m the Marcy cottage, and before ti s j'^errmdropped into a seat beside '..r^m on in a lower tone. let is doctor, I've got myself iu a thing which, after all, may leaa me astraynv ^ Do y you take the ' Lake t J • Herald word !" ejaculated the doedo ; yes. Want to peruBe '•Cpi'lH the ''"I don't suppose you file them V want FfUJSe ' Herald !' No, I fire them, not "if^hvo" fact U I J verv much to get hold of a copy Member last, the 27th. Do you S the bit of paper I took from Charles • i -- desk-top to demonstrate that S ^ a d ^ n hastily pull«l from rUer file by that clever boy of whom fficoaldteUsolitUe?'' «Yes'; surely." The doctor now began to loot seriously interested. • Well the stolen paper was a newsr cut from the ' Herald' of Kuremher 27th last." " Upon my word! But there, I won't ^VoTneed not. Did you not observe ue Wilis over the papers in the rack ?" ''Possibly you saw me with a paper in mr hind soin after •!" "The doctor stared and shook his head. "Ire no eye for sleight-of-hand," he ^•Decidedly not, for I folded up that taper and throst it in a breast pocket before vour verv eyes. I kept that tiny bit, too which 1 picked up on my forefinger. It fined into a column from which a piece hid h.en cut. and that's how I know that the stolen article came from that paper. Very simple, after all, you see 1" •F,iryou, yes." • Thefact that the clipping was thought forth stealing, makes me fancy it worth ipmsU. 1 tried for it here in town, in I quiet way but failed. Then I appealed 0 Djran, .ind lie has written to Lake, to ae editor, whom he happens to know." " It would be hard to find hereabouts a man of any importance whatever whom Sam Doran does not know. He grew up _i Lake County, and has held half the offices in the county's gift." "There may be a cluc for us in that clippius. • discovered another thing in that worn. The dead man wrote, or began, a letter to his brother. I learned this from a 6crap, dated and addressed, which 1 found in the waste basket, and 1 „ led w bt'liere the letter was reiritten. or rather begun anew, and sent, fr.im the fact that a fresh blotter showed • frajin'nt ut Brierly's name, and the dt< address. That letter, if mailed, must have parsed him as he came down. Did lie mention getting it ?" D ictor Barnes shook his head. " sai l nothing ab-mt Buch a letter ?*' lie replied. " DOBS he know about this —this newspaper business " .N'ot a word. No one knows it but porse'.f. If it should prove to be a clue in my hands, it may be better, it will be better, 1 am sure, to kepp it at present beta-ten us two. I think, however, that \- decide to show Miss—my cousin— that anonymous letter, and tel her somettuoj about that mysterious boy and his visit to her lover's rooms." And then Fen-ars turned from this subject to explain to the doctor his present plana fior he had determined to continue his masquerade, and to remain for a time in Gleariile ; aud, though Mrs J amies on "e name uas not uttered, the doctor found himse;f wondering, as had Hilda Grant, if the detective had not found the place attractive for personal, as well as business reas m*; and if a detective's heart must needs be »f adamant after all. Neil moiuinu' Samuel Doran, who hirir the detective only as " Hilda Gram s cousin and a right good fellow," drov, ost-.auti nisly to the door to take "Mr Grant" fnr a drive. " 1 ve had a line from Joe Howlett," he tean the moment they were upon the ruad. " He was just setting oat fora run out of town, hut he told the boys to look up that piper and send it along. So, I pess we'll 6- e it so in, if it's in existence." And Doran chirruped to his team and promptly chinged the subject. He did not know way this mtn beside him so much wished obtain a siz-months-old M py of a country newspaper, and he did not ;roub e himself to worry or wonder. It was none of his business," he would said if questioned, and Samuel JJouu .it'cnded to his own business ex- Mively and was bv so much the more a suable helper when, his aid being asked, "^business of his neighbor became his Ferrers was learning to know his man, 111( 1 he knew that the time might soon e 'sfe when Doran would be his closest raubdant and strongest assistant in Glen viile. ^e look for Brierly in a day or two." ' detective said, casually, as they MWlerl alou„ .. fie wU1 b r i n g a p .ofoa. * ' 1,'ent e-nan with him, 8 and he "Tied his head and the eyes of the two co M ^ad found that Doran , extract much meaning from a few *°rds at need. " Something m the detective line, for instance? 'S that it?" ,m f r, at cr planation wUl do for Glen- Doran. ton \v • Glenrille ought to know it, »e ve been thinking 'twas about pined' 6 em ^P 6810^1" an< * Doran tL F t crr ; 1B smiled, well satisfied. He knew d fri j l S n 'fie<l family lawyer and EX P was coming to Glenville with . «rt Bnerly, by his own desire, would •prompty accepted as the tardy and Sol ?° fced for "sleuth" who would th ° e mystery " at once and with the ""most ease, ind that is what happened. He two men arrived a day earlier than had been expected, and the moment fTT u r erly found ' kimBetf alone with «Tars he drew from his pocket a letter, fH'g, as he unfolded it with gentle, s^-ful touch : ' ''This letter, Mr Ferrars, is the last me rill b y my brother. It was in the pasBing me on the way, before I arn r ed here, and I found it, among "( oers - at the office. . I liave jiot spoken Bead pica' 1 - reD 40 1110 doctor - & Ferrars took the letter and xead : . Mv I,EA£ BOB,—Since writing you. I found in an old newspaper, quite by dent, somBthing which has almost set head, to spinning. -Xlmow arbat you will say to that, old hoy. • It brings np. something out of the pan; something of which I may have to idl you- and which should have been told^you before. It's the only thing, concerning myself that is, which you do not knowaa veil as i, and if I have not confidecLjhis to you, it was because I almost fesipd=to. But then, why try to explain aid accuse on paper when we are to meetj^b^isliGod, so soon. Brother m'ne, what: if 'that, -flood lade which cornea, they aa^to each, once in life, was on its way. ta^you and to me ? Well, itshallnotseparate us, 'Rob; not by my will. But 8tbp. lvshall grow positively oracular if J keep on (no one ever could understand : an -oracle, you know) and so, till wetoaet, adien. . " BBOEHES CHABUK." When Ferrars had/ read this strange missive once, he eat for a moment aB if thinking, and then deliberately re-read it slowly, and with here^and there a pause ; when at last he handed it back to Brierly, he asked: v -- 4 . 1 Do you understand fthatletter. f " No more than I do the (lddle of the sphinx, FetraiB,". Jie 'leaned forward eagerly as he put a : quesS«ttt :an(? his eyes were apprehensive, thpugh bis voice was firm. V Do yon connect^that letter in any way with my brother's death P" _ For a moment the detective was silent, thinking of the newBpaper «nd" the missing clipping. Then ie replied slowly as if considering betweenihe words. "Of course it's possible, Mr Brierly, but as yet I cannot give an opinion. If you will trust that letter to me for a few days, however, perha{« I may see more clearly. It's a surprise, I'|ladmit. I had fully decided in my o.in mind that howsoever much the murderer may have premeditated and planned, his victim was wholly unaware of an en—of his danger." " You were abojnjt to say, of an •nemy 1" "Yes. It is what I have been saying before seeing that letter." He put out his hand, and as Briefly placed the letter in it, he added, " Let us net discuss this further. Does yout Jmend,^ Mr Myers, know of it !" . i " Not a word." .} "Then for the present let it rest between us." ; J Two days after this interview Doran dropped in at the dodpr's office, and be- fore he left had managed to put a newspaper, folded small. Into the hands of the detective, quite unperceived by the other occupants of the room. For whtle since Brierly's return, . accompanied by his friend, these two had .^occupied together the rooms at Mrs Ery's. the doctor's cottage was still headquarters for them all, while Ferrars now-had solitary possession of the guest chamber,^'."formerly assigned to Brierly. . .' • Mr Myers was a shrewd lawyer, as well as a faithful family ipend. : He had felt from'the first that there was mystery as well as crime behindthe death ofjCharles Brierly, who had been near and tlear to him, as dear as an own son, for the two families had been almost as one ever since John Myers and the elder Brierly, who had been school friends and fellow students, finally entered together the career of matrimony. ' There had been -no children in the Myers homestead, and the two lads soon learned to look upon the Myers' house as their second homel and Uncle " John- Myers had ranked, tni their regard, only' second to their well beloved father: So that when the young men were left alone, in a broken and desolate home, that other door opened yet wider, and claimed them by right of affectum.. Mr Myers had been taken to the scene of the murder, had visited Hilda Grant, and by his own desire had examined the books, papers, and inanuscri^ts in Charles Brierly's room, and on the day of Doran's call, a longer drive than he hadyet taken had been .arranged.- He was going, ac-: companied by Brierly and driven by Doran, to look at the skifiE, still unclaimed and waiting upon the lake shore below the town. Ferrars, much to Doran's regret, had declined to accompany them from the first, and when he found himBelf in possession of the coveted newspaper, he joined the others in their desire that Doctor B&rnes; should take the fourth seat in the light surrey behind Doran's pet span; and the day being .fine, and business by no means pressing, that gentleman consented. CHAPTER XIV. A GHOST. When Ferrars foundlumself alone he lost no time in locking his chamber door and beginning his study of ancient news. Taking the newly arrived paper from beneath his pillow, where he had hastily thrust it, he spread out' the mutilated copy beside it and speedily located the clipping which shouldexplain, or interpret Charles Brierly's last letter. Putting the perforated :paper over the other, as the quickest means to the end, he drewapencdmarkaroundthe paragraph which appeared in the vacant space, and then, without pausing to . read it, he reversed the two Bheets, and repeated the operation. This done, he took up . the marked paper and sat down to read land digest the secret. ... " It won't take long to tell which side of this precious square of-paper contains the thing I want, I fancy,' he meditated, as he smoothed out the sheet. The printed paragraph outlined by his pencil was hardly three inches in length, and he read it through with a. glowing look of comprehension upon his face. «' 1 wonder if that can be itf : he said to -himself at the end. And then he slowly turned the paper and read the penal marked'lines upon the other side. When he had perused the brief lines over, his brow knit itself into a frown, and he re read them, with "his face still darkened by it. Then he uttered a short laugh, and laid the paper down across his 1 knee. '. "I wonder if the other fellow twill know which side was whichhe muttered. " I'm blest if I do -?" ?He sat for half an hour with the paper y upon his knee, looking off into space, wad wrinkling his brow in thought. Then he got up and put the two .papers carefully away. " I m very thankful that 'I*; did not speak of this to Brierly," he'thougKt as he went out and iockcd the door behind him " It would be only another straw —yes. a whole weight of them, added to his load of doubt^nd trouble." The two paragraphs read as follows, the first being an advertisement, with the usual heading, and in solid nonpariel type :— ^ " Charlie: A has found you out. He will not give me your address. Be on guard at all times, for there is danger. All will be forgiven if you will come back; and F. will help you to avoid A. .iXou are not safe where you are. The city is better, and we cannot feel at «ase knowing the risk you are running. At least stay where you are. Your brother or some friend ought to know. For yonr 1 ownsake do not-treat this warning as ybu did A's other threat. He means it Btill at G. Street M." The second paragraph in the form of a would-be facetious editorial paragraph, and ran thus :— -vi. • " Not to have a fortune is sad enough, but togo;np and down in jthe!aiid*'*ml- lionaire and never know it is wretchedness indeed. Many are the foreign fortunes seeking American heirs, if we are to believe the advertising columns, and the heirs seeking fortunes are as the sands of the sea in number. *' There have been the Frayles, and the Jans, and a long retinue of lost heirs to waiting estates, and now it appears that the great Paisley fortnne rusts in idleness and shamelessly accumulates, while the heirs of a certain Hugo Paisley, an Englishman who was last heard from in the Canadas many years ago, are much to be desired now that the home supply of EnglUh bred Paislay stock is run out. There was more to this screed below the line which marked the lower end of the dipping, but it contained no further reference to the Paisleys, merely diluting in a would-be humorous manner upon the degenerating influence of the foreign legacy upon the American citizen. But the advertisement upon the other side had been cut out in full, exactly at the beginning and end. It was puzzling and disappointing in the extreme. Ferrars had really looked upon this cut newspaper as his strongest card when he should have found the minnintr fragment, and now 1 He thought and wondered, and ; e read letter and dipping again and again, but to no good purpose, and at last he locked away the puzzling documents and went out to make a morning call upon Mrs Jamieson. That evening he talked first with Robert Brierly, and then with the family lawyer, and to both he put the same direct questions, " What could they tell him of the early history of the Brierlyst ot Mrs Brierly's family and ancestors ? Had they any relatives in England or Scotland, say? Were there any old family papers in the possession of either P' ' Of Robert Brierly he also asked if, to his knowledge, his brother had had at any time a love affair—not serious, but amusing, perhaps—a student's firtataon even. Also, when and for how long, if at all, had the brothers been separated since their schooldays ? And Brierly had replied that he knew very little of his father's ancestors, beyond the' fact that his grandfather Brierly was a Virginia gentleman, and his father an only son. The family, so far as he knew, had been Virginians for three generations, and what more, pray, could an American ask f As for lus mother, Bhe had been a Miss Louise Cottterrell, of Baltimore her father -a railway magnate of renown. In her desk, very much as she had left it, in a closed up room in the. old house, were bundles of old letters and ancient family papers, so his father had once told him; he had meant to examine them some time, but had not yet so done. If Ferrars desired it he would do this soon. So far as his dead brother was concerned, Brierly was sure there had never been a love afi&ir; ot even the most ephemeral sort. In fact, Charles had always been shy of women, aud used to shirk his social duties as much as possible. Hilda Grant was, without doubt, his first and only love. . As to their separations, there had been several. To begin, Charlie had been in college a year after he (Robert) had been graduated, and the following year, ** because the boy had seemed run down and in need of rest and change," he had spent a few months upon a ranch in Wyoming with a college friend. Then the two had made their European tour, and since, their on'y long separations had been when his work as journalist had taken him away from the city, sometimes for weeks, until Charlie had taken this school as a relief from his theological studies. Fro m Mr Myers h%coaldonly learn-tha.1 the father and" mother of Robert and Charles Brierly were of good families, well known in their lespective states, and both, he believed, "were as distinctly Americans as the war of the Revolution- could make any American citizen of English descent" As to Charlie Brierly, Myers "didn't believe the boy had ever looked twice at a girl until he met with that lovely, sad-eyed sweetheart who, it was plain, was wearing out her heart in silent grief for him." Then Ferrars went to see his supposed cousin, and asked her to review, mentally, her latest talks with her lover, and to Bee if she could not recall some mention of a discovery, a surprise, a perplexity Lpossibly, which he wished to lay before his brother when he should come. But she shook her head sadly. "Was he, to her knowledge, in the habit of collecting odd things from the newspapers ?" She shook her head. "He did not think very highly of our daily papers, and seldom if ever read beyond the news of the day. The scandals and criminal reports he abhorred," she said. " And he never alluded in any way to his family history, you say ? Think, was there no mention of family facts or names P' She looked up after some moments of thought. " I can only recall one thing which, after all, does not contain information, except as regards the two brothers. Charlie was speaking of the difference of their temperaments. Robert, he said, was intensely practical, living in and enjoying most, the present, and by anticipation, the future, while he (Charlie) was a dreamer, loving the past, and idealising its hiBtory. To illustrate, he told how, as hoys, he loved to hear his mother, whom I fancy he resembled, tell the tales die had heard at her grandmother's knee, of the early days, the French convents, the Indians, the colo- nists, the .quaint living, the epeeci, which had for him such charms, while Robert would only hear of the fighting and would run away from the ancestral history." Hilda, grown accustomed to his numerous queries and scant explanations, was not surprised at Ferrars' hurried departure at the encl of the catechism, and he .went back to the doctor's cottage with just one faint little possibility as a reward for all this interviewing. He had known Mr Myers in thn city, as a successful detective is apt to know an able lawyer, well by reputation and personally a little, and be was glad to find in him a friend to the ®rierlys, dead and living. Going back'that night he said to himself : "It's of no use to try to go on like this; a confidant will save me a lot of time, and Myers is the man._ I can't call upon the doctor ; - he's got his profession, and he belongs here. Myers am make my business and Brierly's'his at need. Besides, he's a lawyer and won't be knocked entirely out by my wild theorising, md he's the one man who can get access to the ancestral documents at need." He found the lawyer still upon the doctor's piazza, and without the least attempt at explanation invited him into his own room, where they were still closeted when, at midnight, Robert Brierly went slowly towards the Fiy oottage, and the doctor, who never got his full quota of sleep, went yawning off to bed. " * Mr Myers spent five days in Glenville, and then , went bade to the city, taking Robert -'Brierly r with"'him, "for & purpose," as he said to ihe doctor and Ferrars. "He can some back in a day. or two if - he chooses," the lawyer added, "but in truth, Robert, unless you're i&eeded; here, which I doubt, you 1 !! be better at work. Mr 4 Ferries-Grant' here, will summon you at need." When they were on board the train, and the lawyer had exhausted the morning paper, he drew close to his companion in that confidential attitude travellers fall into when they do not converse for the entertainment of all on board, and said: " Robert, I want to tell you why I so insisted upon your company back to the city. I want you to rouse yourself, to open your house, and when you first have looked over your father's and mother's private and business papers, I want you to turn over to me all such as are not too sacred for other eyes than yours ; all letters, journals—if there' are such—all, in fact, that deal in any way with your family, .friends, and family history." Brierly turned to look in his face. "This is some of Ferrars' planning," he said. "It is, and it has my hearty endorsement. , Don't ask questions, (frank Ferrars knows what he is about." " No doubt of it. I only wish I did." " You'll know at the right time. And if it will be a comfort to you, I'll admit that, while I am to a certain degree in his confidence, I know no more what or whom he suspects than you do, for he won't accuse without proof of guilt, however much he suspects or believes. But I know this, Ferrars is convinced that the secret of your brother's death lies in the past." " And in whose past ?" " In Ins own, in that of your family, or of Hilda Grant." At the beginning of the following week- Hilda Grant resumed her duties as schoolmistress, the place of Charles Brierly being filled by a young student from the city. Mrs Jamieson, meantime, had called upon ffiW*, the call had been returned, and the two were now npon quite a friendly and sympathetic footing ; it was not long before the fair, black-robed little figure was quite familiar to (he children, to whom she gave generously sweets, pleasant words, and smileB. Sometimes she met Ferrars, who would look in now and then at the recess or noon hour to keep up his cousinly character, and Hilda Grant's dear eyes Baw, day by day, the blue eyes of the pretty widow taking on a new look and noted that, while she was at all other times full of easy, charming chat, the approach of " Mr Grant" would dose the pretty lips and cause the white eyelids to qniver and fall. The understanding between Hilda and the detective was now almost perfect, and one day Ferrars, having asked her if she had ever heard .Mrs Jamieson speak of leaving Glenville, or name her piace of residence, Hilda replied— - " I have .heard her express herself as well pleased with Glenville, and I think she is in no haste to go. In truth, Mr Ferrars, I am beginning to fed that, in seeing this lady as a means towards a selfish end, we, or I, have done wrong. That she is a woman of the world, and has seen much of good society, iB evident, but she has lived of late a lonely and much seduded life, she tells me, her late' husband having been a somewhat exacting invalid for two years before his death; and forgive me for -my great frankness. I fear that because of your absorption in thiB trouble of mine, you haye not thought or observed how 'much' your acquaintance is beeoming"to Mrs^Jamieson. One woman can read another as a man cannot, and I must not let you serve me at the cost of .another's happiness perhaps." "MIBS Grant, is thiB a riddle?" "Mr Ferrars, no. Must I say plain'y, then, that you are making yourself quite too interesting to this lady?" Ferrars turned his face away for a moment. Then he replied "slowly, as if choosing his words with difficulty. " My friend, I believe time will prove you are the mistaken one. I cannot take this flattering idea of yours to myself and venture te believe in it, but should it have the smallest foundation in reality, rest your conscience upon this candid declaration. The lady cannot feel more interest in my unworthy self than I in her; from the first moment almost 1 have taken an interest in Mrs Jamieson, such as I have seldom felt for any woman. Shall we let the subject rest here ? Be sure I shall not let any personal interest conflict with, or supersede, the work I came here to do." In later years Hilda remembered these words. During the'next two*weeks the wheds of progress, so far as Ferrars' work was concerned, moved slowly, and even rested, or seemed BO to do. To be baffled in a small town, and by a small boy, was something new and surprising in the experience of Detective Ferrars, but so it was. Work as he would, finesse as he might, he could <find no trace of the boy, " about half grown, with dark eyes and hair, freckles, a polite way with him, and a cap pulled over his eyes," and this was the best description Mrs Fry could give of the strange lad. " If Mrs Fry was not the honest woman she is " Baid the doctor, " should call that boy a myth. How could he come and go so utterly unseen by all Glenville ?" Samuel Doran, who still believed that "Mr Grant" was Mr. Grant, and thought it most natural that he should turn his attention to the mystery surrounding the murder of "hU cousin's lover," thought otherwise. "Pshaw! he objected, "lookat thte raff of half-grown boys racing up and down these streets bom sunset to pretty late bedtime, for kids, and how much different does one boy look from another, in the dark ? Mrs Fry herself only saw him in the twilight." Ferrars reserved his criticism, and opinions for the time. Doran had taken upon himsdf the investigation of the ''boat puzde," as he called it, for the driff "remained, after many days, still drawn up, unmoored and unclaimed, by the lake shore; and at last, by dint of much driving up and down the lake shore road and interviewing of boat owners, he brought to Ferrars thiB unsatisfactory solution. Two weeks before the murder the skiff had been owned by a certain Jerry Small, hunter and fisherman by choice, blacksmith by profession. On a certain day a man dressed in outing costume had entered Small's shop, asked about the boat, and made him such a liberal offer for it, that Jeriy at once dosed with him. The shop stood upon the outskirts of the town and dose to the lake. The man had said that he was coming out from the city in a few days for a few weeks in the country, manning to secure board, if possible, near the lake shore. If Mr Small did not mind, the boat might atay where it was until his return; the money : was paid" down, .: and Small engaged to case for the boat.' **'•• One day, after much agitation, Small decided that it muBt have been the day of the murder that he missed the boat; and one of bis " kids" told him that " a gentleman with flannd dcithes and whiskers" took away the boat "right early," and neither boat nor -man has ,ever r»- ^SSnFerrara.tore his hair and fumed at the long delay only to learn that Jerry had left his house on the day after the murder to attend a si ok brother, and had returned just two days ago. " It's of no use," fumed the detective to Doctor Barnes; "I shall put a couple of fellows I know iu the Jerry Small vicinity ;. it's.right.in their line of work," and probably they'll find the man and boy together.-in Timbuctoo." " And you will remain in Glenville, eh ? " queried the doctor, grinning openly. " Yes," with an answering grin, which somehow the doctor did not quite understand. " I'll stay—for a while longer." As they sat at lunch-next day a small boy brought Ferrars a note from the teacher. "Come to me at "once.—H.G." That was all it said, and Ferrars lost no time in obeying the summons. " You may not see much in my news," Hilda said, as she dosed the door upon intruders. " But I have got Peter's story out of him at last." " The' foolish boy 1 Ah, that is something after all, .at least, I hope it will prove so. Well ?" "It was alow work, for the boy has been terribly frightened. His story is most absurd." "No matter, tell it in your way." " He says still that he saw a ghost—a live ghost. That it arose ont of the bushes and£»aved its arms at him. It was dressed * all in white like big sheets,' Peter said, and its face was black, with white eyes. It spoke to him 'very low and awful,' and-told him "-o lie down and put his face to the ground until it went back into its grave. If he looked, or even told that he had seen a ghost, the grave would open and swallow him too. Then it held up a 'shiny big knife-' and he tumbled over in sheer fright. After a long time he began to crawl toward the road; and when he at last looked aronnd and saw no ghost anywhere, he ran as fast as he could. I am afraid," Hilda added, " that you'll think as. I do, that some of the Bchool boys ha ve played the poor child a trick, or else that he has imagined it all It's too absurd to credit. Still, as you made a point of being told at once of whatever I might learn from Peter, I kept my promise. Tm.afraid 1 ve spoiled your luncheon. She finished with a wan little half smile. The detective's face was very grave, and he did not speak at once. Is it possible," she ejaculated, " that you find anything in the boy's story." Ferrars leaned forward and took her hand. "Miss Grant," he said, gravely, " I believe, that poor foolish Peter saw Charles Brierly's murderer." " He got up quickly. " Do you think the boy could be gotta show you where he saw this apparition?" "I asked him 'that. He thinks he might dare to go if he were protected by * big mans.'" " Then, arrange-to leave your school for a short time, at, say two o'dock. I shall get Doran and his surrey. Have the boy ready- " "Pardon me, I will say nothing to Peter. The surrey will be enough, he is wild to ride." That will be best then. I shall lose no time. I have a strong reason for wishing to see the-precise place where this ghost appeared." The sight of -the surrey filled poor foolish Peter with delight, and he rode on in high glee, sitting ..between Hilda and Ferrars, whom he had learned to know, and like, and trust. When they were abreast of the hill Hilda bent over him. " Now, Peter, tell me just where you Baw that ghost." Instantly the boy's face blanched and he cowered in his seat, but Ferrars with gentle firmness interfered. Peter would show him the place, and he weuld drive away the ghosts. Ghosts were afraid of grown men, he averred. And at last, hesitating much, and full of fears, Peter was finally persuaded, yielding at last to Doran's offer to let him sit in front " and drive one of the horses." As they reached the lower end of the Indian Mound, the boy's lips began to quiver and one arm went up before his face, while he extended the other to the thickest of brushwood before described by Ferrars. " That's where," he whimpered. " It corned up oat there." " From among the bushes ?" " Ye-U6." " Did it have any feet 9" " Oh-oh ! Onv head and arms -ugh ?" "Turn around, Doran," said Ferrars sharply, and then in a lower , tone to Hilda, " f shall go to the city to- night." When Hilda reached her room at the dose of the school, she found this letter awaiting her, " left," Mrs Marcy said, " by her cousin " : "DBAH COUSIN,—Even if you had been disengaged, I could have told yon nothing except that what I have learned to-day impds me to look ajittle more dosely to the other end of my line. For there is another end. " Now that I shall have the two men on duty in the sonth end of the county, and with the doctor" and Dcran alert in G , not to mention yourself, I can go where I have fdt that I should be for the past week or more. Will you keep me informed of the slightest detail that in any way concerns our case ? And will you do me one individual favor ? I trust Mrs J may not leave this place until I see you again, but should she do so. will you inform me of her intention at once 1 You see that I am quite frank. I should deeply regret it, if she went away before I could see her again. Destroy this.— Yours hopefully, (XobeOoidmu-d). " FE&BABS.;" 