Startling Gliost Story. DEAR EDITOR,-L£- you will allow me- a small space: in your' valuable paper, I would like to insert, for the good of the Bowral public: an incident which oc curred tomealong the Moss Vale road; it was one eveuing last week. Having executed: my. daily duties, I thought I would take a- walk to exercise my limbs ; so I directed, my steps towards Burradoo. I walked at a rather brisk pace as the air was turning a little cool, and when I reached the top of the hill I felt a little exhausted, so l. sat down for a while. I was sooir engrossed in thought of the in cidents which: had occurred through the day, when I was suddenly startled by a noise behind' me, and in looking round I beheld to-my horror and dismay that a white form was standing by me. Well, dear Editor, just fancy yourself ia my po sition. I am as a rule pretty nervy, but I admit I felt myself turning white, and I believe-1 would have fainted had it not spoken ; but it said unto me, " don't be afraid, I aiu a friend that brings good news." Well of course that seemed to lighten my mind a little, so I brightened up as well as I could after my sudden shock to await the progress of my friend, when he said in tones that' I shall never forget, " Dont forget the grand concert to be held in the Bowral School of Arts on the 3rd of October next in aid of the I.O.G.T." Well, dear Editor, this seem ed to lift a great load off my shoulders, so I got up and walked home a great deal more enlightened man than when I went out, and I often think how lucky it was for me that I never fainted, because I would have stood a chance of missing such valuable information. So hoping this will be in time for your next issue, I must draw to a close, hoping this will find you in good health, and wishing you great success with your valuable paper. -I remain, yours truly, Bovvral, Sep. 19, 1898. Take a day of? Thursday. Eat turkey and giye thanks. Bead in a newspaper that a consumptive cough would be stopped by, taking Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Took it on and dropped the con sumptive cough-oest 1/6. That's worth a holiday, and turkey's the festival feed where I eome from. While oleani.ng a pair of gloves with benzine, Mrs. C. Solomon of Cooma was severely burned on £he forehead and arms through the spirit catching fire from a candle which was burning oIobb by. SIGNET TOBACCO. Tobacco is a great soother, and the higher the quality, the greater is the effect produced. " Sig net," dark or aromatic, ie of the beBt Virginian, and there is no better on the market. 