HUMAN SACRIFICES. Mr. J. H. Swainson has communicated a de scription of visits which he has paid to Benin and to the African chief Nina's town. At one time Benin City was the centre of the slave trade, the Portuguese slarers being tho pur chasers. ThePortuguese 'barracoons,' or pits, wero still to be' seen at Benin. Mr. Swainson was the third white man who had up to tho time of bia first risit been seen in Benin. Tho num ber of tho* King's bodyguard is altogether about 200— all naked, and each with a brass ring on one of his ankles. Thu King recuived Mr. Swaicson in a very friendly wuy, and also his presents of silk and cloth with equal readiness. Tbe King promised to do all ho could for trade, but he would not remove tbe ' Ju Ju,' or fanatical embargo, from tho copal and tbo gum. The King told Mr. Swainson he was going to hold one of his human sacrifices, and asked him if bo would like to see it. This Mr. Swainson declined, and he hurried out of the town, fear ing tbe safety of bis own head. Tho sights that wero witnessed by the Englishmen were of the most revolting description. On one tree which had been trained for such purposes, a woman Imd been crucified. This was because there bad been too much sun for Ihe crop, and to propitiate the King's ' Ju Ju ' the woman won tied up, with bauds and legs outstretched, on the tree. The third time Mr. Swaiusou visited this sepulchral cily was in 1892 with Consul Captain Gallw«y, Dr. Hanley, and Mr. Huttou, and was to try and got the King to sign a treaty. The King kept bis visitors wail ing two hours for the ' palaver.' This was to show his Royal dignity. When he app aicd he was dressed in a suit of coral, only his eyes, nose, finger-tips, aud toes being visible, and so rie,id was the garment that the King coulu neither stir nor do anything for himself. An immense umbrella nas held over him, and fan bearers had all their work cut out to keep their sable ruler cool and the Hies off. Eventuilly tho treaty was Mguud, and then the King in vited the white men to see him ?? kill his father.' This, it was explained, did not mean tho actual murder of the former King, as ho had been dead many years.but it wan tbo nuuiversay of his death, anil every year it was supposed that tho worthy parent's spirit rose from the ground, aud ' to lay thu ghost.' IB men were killed. Captuiu Gallnay not only declined the invitation, but told tbo King, through the inter ureter, that such horriblo sacrifices would not hu permitted in future. Whether thu interpreter conveyed I he full meaning of the words to the King could not be known.but the King lauphed, and tho matter ended. The 18 men were killed after tbo Commissioner had left. The modeof sacrifices was most shocking. A rope was tied round the neck of the victim, thu other i nd being fusteued to the bough of a tree, wliich was bent by tho weight. The head of tbe victim was then cut off with a sword or large knifo, and tbe hough of the tice Hew back, hurling the head iuto the air.and allowing the body to fall to tho earth. ? ' 