SHARK STORIES. Divers wlio'~!iave 'been down in foreign seas tell of exciting encounters with sharks. But it appears that "the demon of the sea," with all its -voracity, is a little timid in presence of the strange creature that wears a shining helmet, with the eye of a Gorgon and a long plume of hissing air buddies. A diver who spent some years at the Aus tralian pearl fisheries descnbes in this way his first encounter with a shark:—"I felt instinctively," he says, "a strange presence before I saw anything. The small fish usually found in great numbers among the corals had entirely disappeared, and the absence of these Hitting little companions, when one has become accustomed to them, produces the effect- of intense stillness. "A creepy, indefinable sensation of dread took hold of me, and it became one of down right terror when I turned and saw, witliin ten feet of me, the bulk of' an immense shark. The creature lay almost motionless, half hidden among a mass of cobweb coral lines. My first thought was to be pulled up; but as fish have human nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see it is be ing taken away from them, 1 rejected the idea. A sweep of its tail^aud the great fish and I were face to face. "Holding my breath, I stood perfectly still, my heart beating wildly and my eyes rivetted on the wicked eyes and cavernous mouth of the shark. I felt that the mon ster was inspecting me with some curiosity, aud after a few moments 1 became aware that by an almost imperceptible motion of its flexible tail it was .gradually approach ing me. Nearer and nearer came the levi athan., the : hovel-shaped nose pointing di rectly to my face-glass. i'lesh and blood could stand it no longer, and with a yell I threw up ?ny arms. Instantly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, aud my enemy vanished. Another .-.liark story, this time from the West Indies. "A large steamer," the diver relates. " had struck on a reef and then slipped off into deep water, taking with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were particularly wanted, and I was in the chartroom under the bridge working for them when sud denly, as L turned, I saw the wicked snout of a big brute between live and the door. 1 went creepy all over, I can tell you. But I kept still and so did he, except that he worked a fin lazily, like a screw steamer holding on against a tide. I got the knife in my belt loose, and waned. The shark evidently did not know what to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of the room. I began then to move to wards the door, and had almost reached it when the shark made a sudden rush in the same direction—and disappeared. Which of us got the bigger fright 1 don't know." But encounters with sharks don't always end so. Some years ago an English diver, wlio was at work on a sunken wreck off the island of Diego Garcia, had a visit from the same shark every day for a week. At first he iiad :io trouble in searing it away; it was enough if he gave a turn to the escape valve in his helmet and let out a little air. Hut at the end of the week it had become very troublesome. The diver signalled for a knife and a looped rope, and then boldly I eld out his bare hand as a bait to the £hark. The monster came on with a rush, and was turning on its back when it was stabbed by the diver, who then passed the loop round its body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should cer tainly be included in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his Lieau in the sea. The'story is told of a diver who saw two "hosts, "full fatlvoni five," under the sur face. He had gene down to the wreck of a large steamer, and was crossing the main saloon when two grey shapes of enormous size came shambling towards him. He did not waijt to make notes for the Psychical Society, but gave the danger signal, and was at once pulled up. Told in the cheer ful light of day it seemed rather a lame story, and another diver wont down to see what he could make of it. Towards him also came the shambling grey shapes. He stood irresolute for a moment, and then go ing boldy forward struct his hatchet through—a mirror. The ghosts were only a dim reflection of his own legs, much en larged, of course, as everything that a diver . sees through the great frontal eye of his hehuct. -Melbourne Hera"1. 