1 i. - Sermon for Christmas. joy of Christmas, f Z Bv Late Bev. O. H. SroMEoS.? Tho angel said unto thorn, I-Feat not, for behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, Which shall bo to all poople. — Luke il. 10. ,f SHEPHERDS woro keep- r ing their ilooks by night — (lW\n -p. probably a calm, peaceful night wherein thoy felt tho usual difficulty of keeping their weary oyolids still uplifted as sloop demanded y /VC-— its duo of them. On a 'v wOlTr" \t\ sudden, to thcirumnzeraont (I jZ |l: .a -mighty' blazo.lit up tho , (VJJrJ HL.J/.:iiihcaveu8 anduturnod mid- , , alight into mid-day. The : 1 glory .of tho Lord, by 1 ..which, ..according , to the '.)£&) I eCi. idiom of tho langungo_ is \- (9 JL meant tho greatest concciv- <Jr . . nblo glory, as well as a I Divhio glory, surrounded and alarmed them, i and in the midst of it thoy saw a shining i spirita' form'tho-liko of which rtlioy had i nevdr behold b'efdrc, but of'' which they had ! hcardtheir' f&thors; speak and of whioh they had read iii the books of tho prophets, ho that . thoy 'know it to bo au1 angel. It was "tho angel' of 'tho Lord/' that ohoico preseneo | angel whoso privilege it is to stand nearest the heavenly Majesty, (t 'niid the bright ones ' doubly bright,1 1 employed on weightiest Errands from the Eternal Throne. " Tho angel of tho Lord enmo upon them." - Aro you astonished that at first they wero afraid? Would you not he alarmed it I such' a, thing should happen, to you?" Tho'- stillness of tho night, tho- sud- denness of tho apparition, the oxtraor-' dinatfy . 'splendour ' of tlio light, tho supernatural appearance of tho. angel — all would -tend to astound them,, and to put them into .a , quiver of. reverential alarm; for X doubt- not. there was a mixture both of reverence and of fear in that fooling which is described as being "sore afraid." Thoy would havo fallen on their faces to tho ground in fright, had there not dropped out of that " glory of tho Lord" a gentlo voico which said " Fear not." Then that voico, an accents swoot as the notes of a silver bell, , proceeded to shy; " Behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall bu to all people?-!: Fdr urito you is born this day in tho city of David' a Saviour, which is Christ tho Lord.''' Thoy wore bidden to shako off all thoughts of fear, and to give, themselves up to joy. Doubtloss they did so, and amongst all mankind thcro were none so happy at that dead of night as - woro these shepherds, who had seen an amazing sight, which thoy would never forget, and now wore consulting whether they should liasto away to gaze upon a sight' which would bo more delightful still — namely, the Babo. 1\. Tfib birth, of Christ should ho to all Christians \ . tfe-strojeciof; Supreme Joy. Wo havo tho augelic warrant for rojoicing because Christ is born. It is a truth so full of joy that it caused the angel to bo filled with gladness. He had fittlo to do with tho faot, for Christ " took not on Him tho uature of ungcls, but He took on Him tho seed of Abraham " ; but . I suppose that tho vory thought that tho Creator would bo linked with tho creature, that the great Invisible and . Omnipotent, should come into alliance with that which He Himself hud'mude, caused the angetaEa' tv creature to feel that all creaturcship wus 69&ttLt0il;,Hand this -made him glad Yea, so glnd'wcreangelsat'this Gospel, that when" ; the discourse 'was over, ouo angel having ! evangelised1 and givonout the Goapcl for tho | day, suddenly a band of choristers appeared ! and song - an anthem loud mid sweet, that there might' bo a full service at the first propounding vof -_tho j -glad tidings of great jv A multitude of tho heavenly hosthaq jhard' that a chosen' messenger had aeiit. to' proclaim tho now-born King, an#, filled witli holy joy and adoration thoy gathered up their strength to pursrfd"Hlthfof they' uould 'no t ie t Him goto . earth. aloho on 4 such mi errand. - Thoy over took Him- just as ho had; reached tho last, i wordtof discourse, and then, they broke forth- 'in-vthlit famous ohoral, the only ono euug-trf-angels-ever lieard by human ears 'Gloet to God in the Hioiiest, and ';!e:uie,' "goodwill toward men." Thug, I say, thoy hud full service ; there was GosneV mltiisfry in" rich discourse concerning" Christ. 'and' tliero wa's hearty and, devout pruipe Srom a'Wtiltittldo ktl filled witli heavenly oy. Ti'VvVi's Tib glall a' irin'ssue that they could not letn it'he" siinply 'sjioken by a solitary vo ice) tluhl't?ht h'at were liti aiigel's, hut thoy must .needs p9ur,fprth u glad chorus of praise, r-singt&g; unto the Lord'u ncwsbiig, Brothers, 1 '.if tho hir tli qi Jesus was. so gludsomo to am | cousihs'the'angcls/ wh'ut should it bo .to .us? j If it, .ijiudp ouj: , neighbours sing wh? had i comparatively ,'so small a share in it,' how j .should ft makq its leap for joy ?' Oh, if it ! brought hpqypnvdq\yn to earth, should not i our heaven ? If, heaven's j gntoof p'eurT was set open ut its widest, and ! a stream of shining ones camp running down- | "ward to tho lbwer skies', tdimticipate the time I when, they shall . aU descend- in solemn pomp at the i glofious' advent of the groat j King— if jt emptied heaven for awhile to make earth so glad — ought not our thoughts ; and praises and' all oiy loves to go pouring up ' to the eternal gate, leaving earth awhile that ' we may crowd heaven with tho songs of mor tal men? >' - 8 GJtary.totlienow-horu King ! Let 'us ftlrtiio uutliem' siug, -(Poaba 'on curth, and morey mild ; j God and sinners, reconciled.' " For, first, tho birth of Christ was the incar nation of God ; it was God taking upon Him self human' 'iratifro— a wdiidrous' mystery, to be bolioVed' in rather than to ho defined. Yot j bo itudj thht' iti tlio" manger lay an' Infant who was "also1 in finite — a " ! Feeble finild Who Was Also the Obeatob I of hehv'e'a .akid! earth'. How. this could be wo | do not know, but that it was so wo assuredly believe, and therein do-wo rojoioo ; for if God thuS'takiyupbn'Himsoif human nature, thon manhood j# not, abandoned norgivon upas hopeleps. Wlion manhood lmd broken tho bondhibf the covenant, and snatched from tho one reserved; tree tho ' fruit .forbidden, God might have said, "I give theo up, O Adam, ; und east off thy ruoo. Evon as I.gavo up Lucifer and all his host, so I abandon theo to follow tbino own ohoson course of rebellion !" But wo have now no - fear that tho Lord 1ms ' dono this, for God has espoused manhood und taken it. into union , with Himself. I- know tho curse hus, falloii upon men because tliuy /have sinned, but evidently not oil nuin- hood, . in. tho ubstrupt, . for olso hud not Christ' coihb to tako upon' Himself 1 tho form-.of man and to bo horn of woman. ' Tho ..Word mado flesh means liopo for man- ; hood', notwithstanding its full. Lo, the Lord . hath iqarriedj.Sqto ..tho ..race,., and tho .Son/of . ' God hath becomo the Son of Man. This is 1 enoughito mako ull tlntt is within us sing for joy. It-u kilig's.sbn dotli innrry a rebel, thon for thutvrobol racp tljprb aro prospeota of re- conoiliatipn, pardon, und restoration. Thcro must b 0,111 tho groat heart of the Divine Ono wondrous thoughts of pity und condesoonding ,!love, if -Ho dpigns.to tako human nurture into ' union wjtli .Himself, i Joy for over ! Let us ; sound (ho cymbals of delight, for the iticarna; " tion bodes good to our race. " Further, it is clear that if God oondpsqpnds to bo Kifcdntiiiiately allied with manhood, Ho intends., to dolivcr mun and to hloss him. In-. \- carnation prophesies salyatiou.; -,Oh, belioving soul, thjr God caufitit lifeim tb'ourao tllce, v t LqpfcM Gon.'lNCABNATE !. : i, "WliaH ro'adost thou there but salvation? God in -human flosli must mean - that" Gbd intendsito set man above till the works of His hands, -and to givo himdomihioh. aceqrdinglto His first intent, Sovoiaall aheop'und oxeii) and all that.-puss through the paths of tho seu and the air? yea, it must.'mban; that there is to .ho u Man -beneath whose foot nil thingn'shaU ho placed, -«o thut evon death itself shall bo sub- jeot unto Him. . Whon God stoops down to man, iffhust menu that man is to oe lifted up to Gods'4 What joy. thcro is in this. ! Oh, that our hoSfcts woro but half alivo to tho incar nation Oh thut wo did hut know ! a thousandth . part of the unuttorahlo delight . which ift'hidaon in this thohglit, that thb Sou , of God-Was hum a man at Bpthlohem ! cThus you seqAhstv.therebiiai.'-overnowing cansofor joy in the birth of Christ, beCAUSO it was the i inairnation of the Deity, 2\. But further, tho angel explained our cuuso for joy by saying that Ho who wus born was unto us a Saviour. "Unto you is born this day a Saviour." Brothers and sisters, I know who will bo gladdest to-day to think tlmt . CnnisT Was Boon a Saviodb. It will bo , tboso who aro most conscious of their sinnership. If you would draw music out of that ton-stringed harp, tho word "Saviour," paRs it over to a sinner. " Saviour '! is tho harp, but " sinner " is the fingor that must touch tho strings arid bring forth tho melody. If thou knowest thyself lost by rinturo and lost by pruutice, if thou fcelest sin liko a plague at thy heart, if ovil wearies and worries thee, if thou hast known of iniquity the burden and tho shamo, thon will it bo bliss- to theo even to hear of that Saviour whom tho Lord has pro vided. Even us a babe, Jesus tlio Saviour will bo precious to thee, but mo3t of ull because He has now finished all tho work of thy salvation. Thou wilt look to tho com mencement of that work, and then survey it oven to its close, and bless and magnify tho namo of tho Lord. "Unto you, oh yo who aro of sinners tho chief, even unto you, yo con sciously guilty ones, is born a Saviour. Ho is a Saviour by birth ; for this purpose is Ho born. To save sinners is His birthright and office. It is henceforth an institution of the Divine dominion, and un offico of tho Divine nature, to savo tho lost. Henceforth God has laid help upon ono that is mighty, and exalted Ono chosen out of tho people, that Ho may seek and savo that which wns lost. Is there not joy in this ? Where else is thero joy if not here ? Tho angel says: "Unto you is horn a Saviour." Tins Savioub is Cubist the Lord, and there is much gladness in that fact. " Christ " signifies nnointod. . Now, when we know that tho .Lord Jesus Christ camo to savo, it is most pleasant to pcrccivo in addi tion that tho Futhor doos not let him enter upon His mission without tho necessary qualification. See what an intimate mingling of the Divino and -human is fonnd in tho angel's song. They sing of Him as "a Saviour," and a Saviour must of necessity bo Divine, iu order to savo from death and hell ; and yet tho title is drawn from His dealings with humanity. . Then thoy sing of Him us " Christ," und that must bo human, for only man can bo anointed, yet that unction comes from tlio 'Godhead. Sound forth tho jubilee .trumpets for this marvellously anointed One, and rojoieo in Him who is your Priest to cleanse yon, your Prophet to instruct you, and your Kiug to deliver you. Tlio angel further went on to give theso shepherds cause for joy by tolling them that whilo their Saviour was born to lie tho Lord, yet He wns so born in lowliness that' thoy would find Him A Babe, Wrapped in Swaddlino Clothes, lying in a manger. Is there oauso for joy thero ? I say, ah, indeed thoro is, for it is the terror of the Godhead which keeps the sinner oftentimes away from reconciliation. But see how the Godhead hath- graciously concealed itself in a babe, a little babe — a babe that needed to be wrapped in swaddling bands like any other new-born child. Who fcuroth to appronoli Him? Who ever heard of trombling in tho preseneo of a babo ? Yet is tho Godhead there. My' soul, when thou caiist not for very amnzement stand on the sea of glass mjiigled with fire, when tho Divino glory is liko il consuming fire to thy spirit, and tho sacred majesty of Heaven is altogether over powering to thee, then come thou to this Babo, aud say, " Yot God is here, and here oari'I meet. Him in tho person of His dear Son, in whom dwolloth all the fullness of the Godhead bodily." Oh, what bliss thero is -in incarnation if wo remember that herein God's omnipotence cometh down to man's feebleness, and infinite Majesty staop3'to man's infirmity. In your rojoicing this Christinas time — yea, even in your garaos and romping with the children— do not forgot . thnt tho Lord Himself became a child, and romoinber also that Ho is our King. Now mark ; the shepherds wore not to find this bubs. wrapped in Tyrian purple, nor swathed in choicest fabrios fetched from afar. .'. " No crown bo'daoks:His forehead fair, No pour, nor gem; nor silk is there." Oh, yo poor, bo glad, for Jesus' is horn in poverty, und cradled in a manger. Oh, yo sous of toil, rejoice, for the Saviour . is born of a lowly virgin, rind a carpenter is His foster- father. Oh, ye pcoplo, oftentimes dospised und downtrodden, tho Priuoo of tho democracy is born; Uno choson .-out or - the peoplo is axalted to tho throne; Oh; ye who -call yourselves the oristocraoy, behold tho Frinoo of tho kings of the earth, whoso linoage is Divine, and- yet there is no room for Him in the inn. Behold, oh men,, the Son of God, who. is. bono of your bone,"' intimate with all your ' griefs ; who in "His' after lifohungered as ye hunger, 'was weary; as yo are weary, and, wore humblo garments liko your own; yon, snfforod worso poverty than you, for He was without aplaoo whoreoii to . lay His .head. Lot . the heavens and the earth be glad, since Go(l hath so fully come down to man. 3: To Whom Does -This Jot Belong? The, joy of tho-birth of Christ 'in part belongs to- those who tell it, for the angels who proclaimed it were. exceedingly glad — as glad as glad; could b.. And as I thought !of'this I whispered to 'my heart, Aa'I shall tell ofjesus born T on'tarth for mon.'T wilt tako license to ho glad ulso— glad, ' if for: nothing else,' that' Phnvd' suoh ' A message to bring to them." Oh, to, think that I should bo privileged to soy to,ay fellowmpn, .",God has condoseorided to'qssuriie'your nature' that- Ho might savo yori." . Oh joy, joy, joy ! . There was borD into Una world a man who is' also/God.', My heart dances as David danced; boforo the ark of God. ' , This joy was meant, not for tho tailors of, tho news alone, but. for all who heard it.' ' Tho glad tidings '" sliuU be unto all.jieoplo." Bond "all the peoplo," if you like for so, 'perhaps, tho letter -of tho original might demand. , There is not u.nation under heaven but what has a right to bo ' glad because God Uas comodowri among men. Stag together -yo wastb'plrioes'Of 'Jerushle'rri. '-' TutoWp' the strain, oh, ye dwellers in the wilderness, and let tho Baultitudo of the isles be glad thereof 1 His Only Begottenf is also Brother- to man- kind. .. .. i " O wake, our hearts, -.in gladness Blhgil; j And hail euoh ono the nowrborn/King;; Till living song from'loving souls . Like sound of mighty waters rolls.", But,-brethron,';thoy;dqnot all rejoice: To whom, then,! is it a joy ?-..:I ahswer, . r . \- .'To All' who Believe It, ' and ospeoially to all wlm believe it as the Bhephords did, with that faith which staggers not through unbelief. The shepherds novor had a doubt ; tbp light, the angols, and tho song wore onough for them ; tliey accepted the glad tidings without a single question. In faith lies joy. If our faith can realise, wo shall bo happy now. I want to feol as if I saw tho glory of tho Lord still shining in tho heavens, for it was thero, though I did not see it. I wish I could eeo that , angel, and hear him speak ; but, failing this, I know ho did speak, though I did not hear- him. . I am certain that those shepherds told no lies, nor did tho Holy Ghost deceivo us when Ho bade His servant Lake write this record. Lot as forget the long interval between, and only re- collcot that it was really so. Realise that which was indeed matter of fact, and you may almost hear the -angelio choir up iu yonder sky singing still, " Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, goodwill towards men." Mark well thnt, boliovirig what they did, theso simplo-minded shophords desired to approach nearer the marvellous Babe. What did thoy do hut consult together and say, "Lot us now go even unto Bethlehem and see this thing .which has como to pass ? " Oh, beloved, if you want to get the joy of Christ, Coke Neab to Hut. Whatever you hear. about Him from His own book, believe it : but then say, " I will go and find Him." Whon you hear the voice of the Lord from Sinai, draw not nigh unto tho flaming mountain— tho law condemns you, the justice of God overwhelms you. Bow at a humblo distance, and adore with solemn awe. Bat when . you hear of God in Christ, hasten hither. Hasten hithor with all confidence, for you are not come unto the mount that might bo touched, and that bnrnod with fire, but yo aro come unto tho blood of sprinkling, which spoakoth better things than that of Abel. Come near, como nearer, nearer still. "Come "' is '.His own word to those who labour and, aro heavy laden, and that selfsame word Ho will address to you at tho last — "Come, ye blosscd of My Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for yoa from tho foundation of tho world." If you want joy in Christ, come and find it in His bosom, or at his feet; there John and Mary found it long ago. Believe, draw near, und then fixedly gazo upon Him, and so bo blest. Amen. 