A FEUD OF '96. By Gertrude Atherton in the 'Detroit Free Press.' *So ike Brandt died askin' to be buried in ,Round Valley.* 'That's nat'ral enough. Once a RoundVsClley man, alius a Round Val ley man- rdead or livin'. He got his wife there, too, and she's-done well by him.* . Yd like to know who did the kil lin'.* ; 1 . 'Jest as well you don't. Truth's easier than lyin\ when the sheriff comes 'hskin* questions.1' ' WelI,I can say I dunno fast enough, but I'm suspicionm' all the same, Hick.' f -. *Ix>ok cut,'saidtbe other darkly. *It ain't safe to think too loud these times.' ' 4 x He opened the door; qf the cabin and glancd uneasily forth. Had his vis ion been^-younger the black recesses of the forest would have told it no thing.^ The- hour -was seven, but the forest was on a mountain, and its tregs ite roof anaass ot curved, uplifted, -la^hig'arms: He clos ed the dobr%nd Tettirned to the youn ger irfkii %ho i^tbbd withhis back to . the brows drawn' to gether, ItHairtng at the' floor. He wore . top bb^ ibd^he'rough mountaineers . eosttime, '1jut his beard and hair were carefulliy primmed, aiid his - flannel shirt was "fastened with a smart lilue tie Tom Ehbwles. wasknown on Long Ridge as a Mt of adude. The old man sat flown. *and filled his pipe. *Who b§ ye suspicioriih'?* he asked after ah eyidentefforttOBuppress cur iosity. ^ -V'' . .y'' : 'John Hdwardhiinsfelf .* *Wh^-a^-4;?\ Theotherwas too overcome for expt^iver He sat staring at Knowl^s withhislips dropping away from hiB pipe. JohnHoward was the cat£l& JdnJgxjf Long Ridge,the biggest man in North ^Mendocino and South .Trinity, . ..'. ..*...." . ;*But he* ain't never in these parts,' added ^5lck,?'^Eter ^moment. 'Least ways -hie ain't i'Jieeai' .tor- two years or -;S r V.-?-' " ? *I .seen Mm'not twentyminutes be fore the jmurder 'within-half a mile of ^Ik^'Sj'T^ch^ . -He. was alone, and he was rskullfin' stmong the trees.' *But how'd' you be sure 'twashim?. It* must have been dark ? enough by IJienr-^twii^^^iandseveai^ > - 1 was>closBr to him than l am to. you. He didn't -Bee me. I was lyin' on the g^mid4-Aad teeav asleep I opened 'mo^tiwalk ~in' fiTBr me, was John Howard. He was on his jc#lt,r.TMnity^ that cqw-puncher bf hisjHam Slack, broke , iiSXpr trail follbwih'. IJe hUd on a jligll'gray'suit and what th^y/call enough for a woman's. Vflingay frock dare ribbon ? '? JMs: business an^no -risk: any ^aiii* ^tri'to be^; llieve 30r Howard's any such doggoned foolastfiatl" ? *Ik<e had-killed his "boss cow-uncher, there ain't much doubt about that.' *WeU-good lord.' 'And he'sglven him- more trouble tlaS anti-Howards put to ~jpNpr« If ft ft' for my mind, and I've good reason for thinkinT so-Mr Howard's cattle would be browsin' in Round Valley this min ute. If it warn't Ike Brandt that start ed the whole feud then I'll engage to drop six Howard <cow-punchers myself -and- Fin a real law-abidin' citizen.' The older man rattled his pipe among his large brown, infrequent teeth. A coal fell on .his ragged beard, but burnt its way unheeded. Hickory Mott Was something of a hermit; his wife was dead, his children married. The nearest house was four miles away He dearly loved a bit of gossip; and gossip on Long Ridge, these days, had much of the early Califoraian flavor. *1 want ter know,' he said eagerly. *Do tell me- He's dsad now-poor Ike -so it can't hurt-* 'It's just what I've picked up here and there, puttin' two and two to gether. Ike was as peace-lovin' and law-abidin' as any of us in spite of that ugly temper of his. He never cared for whisky, loved to hear Sally play the planner and sit with his wife by the fire in the evenin's while she mended, or outside an' yfatch the sun setip the summer. There warn't no happier household on LongRidge, and that's sayin' a good, deal. But when Mr" Howard's cattle took to appropria te* Round Valley, and then the hull range, .and when six families in suc \- cession was 'prevented one way and another from com in' and settlin* on the Ridge, then his dander got up and he couldn't donothin' for a solid year but talk about ft. Of course, everybody was taUdn*, but he had the most to say. Tfaen,all of a sudden he shut 1 rip; never had another word to say about the business. Now, I've good reason to think that he picked his men- among that gangthe rest of us let alone, and who are always spoilin' for a fight-and organized a regular feud/" First, I surmise, they only in tended to kill the cattle, but from cat tle to men ain't a long stride when blood's up, and now the anti-Howards' got twelve murders to their account, and the Howards ten.' The old man heaved a profound sigh.^LongRidge ain't what it used to be,'he- said. It's a 'tarnal shame, too. Three years, ago a woman could ride alone from one end of the Long Ridge to t'other and be safer'n if she war in *Frisco, /but she'd better stop to hum bow. BloOd and graves is gettin' too; thick on the Ridge. The only girl one -sees amilefromanywhere these days is SaHy. Brandt. She don't seem to be afraid of nothin'. I met her on the Di vide the other day, and £old her she'd .better snake tracks for hum before it got dark, but she only laughed in my face. Be you . thinkih* of '. marryin' ssiiyr : . ? , . "VThe other drew his brows together , got nochanee.v*Fhatschool Itnarm anVi too much book-learnin' has fepoiledSally forrough mountain men. When she was 16 she was Just perfect, httt that's -four years ago,- and she's awful-changed.' - ' - , *Yesr she be, .she be. But she's got to marry sometime, and I'd like to knew what chance butthe likes of you shtell ever gejtuphere. She's never even been to Weaver, only once. How soinever, got any more to t^ll about Brandt and the feud?' *OnIy this-that Howard's a mighty smart chap ifhe Is a dude,.and don't fciow how money be has got. Ton can be sure that he's found out long'before this who his worst enemy was, anfl to sit and be talked J over ain't his style., Ike's life had been attempted threetimes before, you re member. Howard got tired of bunglin' the Uoff short of it.' It sounds about right. It sounds about/right. But I can't git 'round to thinkin* that Mr. Hov.ard'd do any thing underhand-at least he wouldn't crawl up behind a man and shcot him. Howsomever, be you goin* to tell Tim Lathorp yer suspicions when, he comes 'round inquirin'?' 'Not I. I'd have a bullet in me be fore sundown. Don't you shoot off your mouth neither. Leastways, don't give me away. Well, s'long. I'll bring you over the paper in a day or two, soon's the old man gets through.They 're still hackin' at the Armenians, but Venezuela's takin' a rest. Guess Gro ver knows what he is about.' 'Keep your pistol handy,' said the old man, following him out. 'It's aw ful hard to tell who's who iu these woods at night, and you might be took for a Howard. The hull ridge'll be just wild to-morrow.' Knowles laughed and sprang on his horse. 'Oh, my pistol's always handy these times,* he said, and rede rapidly through the shadows, his keen moun tain eyes keeping his horse to the nar row trail without a second's deflec tion. He cantered along easily for four miles, then turned his horse at a cross trail and urged it up a steep grade. In a few moments he came upon a large clearing, ia the fore ground of which was a spacious log house,-surrounded by a flower garden. Behind were wheat fields, an orchard and a vegetable garden. In an iaclos ure on a slope close to the fcrest a number of cows lay in their first sleep. It looked the home of a prosperous farmer, a bright oasis in the black wilderness of pines. A number of horses were tsfh^rei to the fence that inclosed the little garden of- geraniums, fuchsias and roses. Knowles sprang to the ground.. tethered his horse and went rapidly up the walk. The door opened and a girl looked out. Is that you Tom Knowles?' she asked coldly. 'The ccrcner bas been here twenty minutes, and everything is waiting for you.' .You don't mean it? I'm that sorry, I made sure he couldn't be here be fore 9.' # "Weil, he did. Please go into the parlor.* Knowles held out his hand, but she turned hsr back and walked-down the' hall. He opened the door °f & room with a set of red plush furniture rang-: td stiMy along the walls that were papered and further decorated with framed lithographs from Christmas %veeklles: " All of the chairs and the two sofas were occupied by men dress ed in therough garb of a mountain eer. Some of -the faces were pale; all wen? stern. The room was lit by three smoking lamps. On a long table in the middle of the room lay a dead body covered with a sheet; Knowles saluted the coroner, .and stood against the wall; there was no vacant chair. - . The coroner rose and cleared, his throat. "Seeing as Mr Knowles. has cotne.' be said, 'we might as well get to business. If anyone present has, any . information to: communicate about' this outrageous .affair, will he pease, rise and communicate the same?' ; There was no answer. Two or three men moved uneasily-, I thought not. You're all too afraid of your precious skins.' &6evotthfe ipen sprang to his feet. He Was a man ofmiddle years, with a frank eye and powerful jaw. 'There ain't up cowardice about this yere matter, Mr Coroner. We tellto* aothinV because weain't * h * v* . ? got nothin' to tell. But we propose to have a good deal to tell later. This feud between cow-punchers was bad enough, but we kep* out of it because it was none of our business, and ail werve been, askin' heretofore is to pros per a little, and raise our families and live and die iu peace. But now that one of us, and as good a man as ev.r came cuter Round Valley, has be n shot down at his own door by one o: Howard's murderin' blackguard v we've come to the conclusion that it'o time to git a move on. In short, Ivir Coroner, we propose to take this n vestigation in hand, and we don't nteu th.fi assistance of coroners, nor of sheriffs, neither. Axin' yer pardon, sir, but that's thfe way we feel'about it, and it's only kind to tell ye, for you waste valuable, time every time you eoriie up nere, to 'say nothin' of the fact that the corpse is usually, de composed! This time it ain't, as you happened to be visitin* on the Divide, but it don't tell you nothiu* all fr same. To-morrow night we alls go 5 to take Ike dcwn to Hound Valley a bury him; and after that ao WOT: be do^e cn Long Ridge until the ~ ! dercr's found. Tlat's al'/ Th.fi coroner >m'"'ed al ghtiy h t locked at the big nountaineet w some deference: 'And may I hoye, - i White,' he asked, 'that when you h ve found Mm you will turn him ove» t "> the authorities of Weaver?' . There was a low murmur, an** ¥' it stood up again., 'No,' he said rr.m y. 'The less you hope the less youM b disappointed. There's too ur derers unhung 111 .Calif rnia row When we git our man, w- II attend t him without' troublin' We: ver / 'But I hope,' sa*4 the cwoner hast ily, *that you will do nnthing rash. Pray be sure that you have the right man,before yoii-iyi chhim. You are taking a fearful responsibility.* "We'reequat to it. And we'll take blamed good care; we're not hangin* the \»Tops man.' - The coroner sbruggefl his should ers. He was riot sorry to be rid of the case. He had been called to Long Ridge too frequently of latfe. and would not have been sorry if its inhabitants had taken the whole matter of the feud into their own hands, and kept their proceedings as dark as their for ests. . ? 'Very well,' he said. *Mr Thompson., as foreman of the jury, will you kindly bring in the verdict?' ? An elderly man stood up, glanced . about, and upon being reassured by many emphatic nods, said : There ain't but one opinion, and it's this : Ike Brandt was murdered and as there's only two parties as is murderin* these days- Howards and anti-How ards-and as he was an anti-Howard, there ain't no doubt about his bavin" - been murdered by aHoward. That's all/ Thanks. The deceased, Ike Brandt, met his death at the hands of an enemy at present unknown.Good even ing, sirs,- I hope you may be 'more forturv.te than I have been. I will send .the certificate in due course/ . *Eyenin\ sir/ » He left the room. Knowles looked over his head into the passage, then closed the door and walked to the fe~t of the corpse.. For a moment he did not speak, but stood scanning eac?i v face in turn. The men stirred u*j- , easily. In the spurting flames of ttr badly trimmed lamps the corpse seeir = ed to move. Through the open wlndc came, the low monotonous chant the pines. *Fellow .citizens/ said Knowles ir - pressively, *l see that X ain ataon$ friends. X have sen. important commun ication to make.' n.. At 4 o'clock next morning Sally. Brandt let herself softly out of the house. She went to the barn, saddled a mustang, and was leading it through the garden when a window, was thrown open and a woman's head, the face swollen with weeping, was thrust forth. 'Sally Brandt,' the woman cried, hoarsely, 'where be you goin' at this hour in the mornin'?' Tm sorry I wakened you, mother,' replied Miss Brandt, composedly. 'But I knew that the Hills and the Perrys and the Speers would want to come to father's funeral and as I couldn't sleep I thought I'd go and tell them myself.' 'But land sakes, girl, it's a ride of twenty miles and morel You'll be in nice trim toj ride twenty more to Round Valley to-night, with your (poor father's corpse. Seems to me you're alius doin' queer things these days.* 'You know that some days I am in the saddle for twelve hours at a stretch. This won't hurt me. Besides when I get to the Perry's I can ask Henry to go and tell others. Now, go to bed and try to sleep.' Mrs Brandt slammed the window and Sally sprang to the mustang's back, and rode rapidly into the for est. The white mist of early morn ing was there, giving a certain vague ness to the tall black trees; and both were motionless. It was like entering ghost-land, the girl thought with, a little shudder and a lightening of the lips.Her own face was as white as the fog, and her black lashes were only half responsible for the darkness surrounding her eyes. In ordinary conditions Sally Brandt would have developed into a handsome , hazel eyed, black-haired mountain girl, and nothing more; those of the better class were buxom creatures with a strik ing uniformity of figure and complex ion, whatever their variety of eye and hair. But four years since the clever and lonely district school teacher had first taken a fancy to Sally's pretty shy ways,1 then discovered that much could be done with her mind. Sally quickly developed intellectual ambition, an insatiable love of books for which her father-sent to San Fran cisco .by the dozen-and a habit of thinking. Hours of study when other girls were in the fields had sharpened her features somewhat and drawn the -blood from her,cheeks; but her eyes sparkled with intelligence; and on her brow, and in the carriage of her fine figure, there was a certain noble arro gance which would have made her salient in a city; in these wilds she was as abiding Ssl subject of gossip and disapproval as John "Howard, the high handed cattle king. She had kept her health by long daily rides, and, in consequence, knew every trail of the forest ; she was in no danger of losing her way, even in a heavy fog. She rode along rapidly, the mist closing behind "her, the trees starting into' shape before and on either side. But gradually the fog be gan to sway gently, then to move soft ly to the west; then, abruptly it went with a rush; and into the wide black aisles of the forest struck the first shafts of the sun. The mustang shied slightly, and Miss Brandt gave a swift glance to the right; three rough mounds rose there ; beneath were recent victims of the feud, She gave the mustang a sharp taste of the whip and he started on a hard run, the small hand at the bridle keeping him to the narrow trail. But suddenly he was pulled up so short that he danced for a moment on his hind legs, then came down to all fours with an angry snort Another rider was approaching leisurely through the trees. It was a man, and he wore a fashionably cut grey tweed and a straw hat. He lifted the hat as he re 1 cognised Miss Brandt, and spurred his horse; his. cold watchful eyes-the eyes of the American before whom millions are ever passing in review flashed with a warm fire, and l»'a set face worked and flushed.- Miss Brandt had turned a shade paler, and as h© reined up beside her pretended to ignore his outstretched hand. 'You are angry with me yet,' he said, eagerly. 'That is the reason I have not gone back. I stayed with the Perrys, and have been riding half the night--* 'Are you mad ?' she asked. 'You must be to have copie up here at all-* am afraid I aba- ' 'No more of that, please.' Then as be smiled she Added hastily: 'Of course you have not heard V 'Heard what ?' 'What happened a few minutes aftei you left me the other evening ?' 'I rode fifteen miles without stopping when I left you the other evening.' 'My father was shot down in his own corral, and died a few hours later.' 'Good God ! And by one of my men, I suppose V She made no reply, but averted her face. 'If I expressed the sympathy I feel,' he said after a moment, 'you would probably care as little for it as you do for my love. Of course, you re gard me as practically your father's murderer.' The blood flew to her hair, and her dilated eyes swept the forest oh all sides. 'I forgot for the moment,' she stammered. 'That was what I came out for; to find you, if I could, and warn you. I listened to the coroner's jury last night; I couldn't help it; the men-they were all friends of fathers -rsaid that they were going to take matters into their own hands, trail the mountains until they found'the murderer, and lynch him. After the coroner had gone out Tom Knowles told them that he had seen you near the house a few minutes1 before the murder, and before he got through he made them all believe that you did it. They'll bury father to-night, and then they'll find out if you've gone back to Weaver, and if you have they'll go down in a body and take you out of your house at night and lynch you. I want you to go to San Francisco, and stay there until they've found the right man.* 'Tom Knowles is in love with you, I suppose.' 'Yes, I think he is.' 'And he has doubtless seen us to gether.* ' I am afraid he has.' 'If his life had been threatened., would you have taken this risk to warn him V ' 'No,' her face was again averted, but she flushed deeply. He put his long arm round her sud denly, holding Jier so tightly that she could not move, and bringing his face close to hers. 'Then you do* love me/ he said deliberately. 'Otherwise you would have been glad to see me lynch ed, for like all the rest you regard me as the enemy of the -entire district. You might have heard me out day be fore yesterday before treating me as if I were a libertine for whom lynch ing would be too good--' She was trembling, but she looked him steadily in. the eyes. "Do you mean to tell me,' she asked, 'that you intended to ask me-to marry you then ? You do now, perhaps you are different this morning, somehow; but the other day-I'll not believe ' . 'I won't undertake to say what I intended to do the other day I followed you up here because, although I only met you twice in Weaver, you attract ed me more than any woman I had ever seen; I hardly knew how much until you. had gone. Then I followed you, driven by impulse only ; I had no intention of being precipitate. During our first four meetings you certainly had nothing to complain of. Night be fore last^I lost my. head. The forest, the hour, and yourself justified it. 1 am not going to say more by "Way of explanation. Will you marry me?" 'I am not your social equal. Tour fine friends in San Francisco would not receive me---' .Wouldn't they ?' I would like to see any of them turn the cold shoulder on my wife. You know the world very ? little; my dear. I will take you abroad, and in a year's, time you will; be smarter than any of them. You'd do well enough now/ he added hast ily. 'Let it console you to know that several of our fungi are shaky on their grammar/ ^ She. turned her head restlessly. It had come too suddenly: She wanted , time to think. 'But you must go noV, she said. 'Every .minute adds to the danger-* 'If you go with me. * " But she shook her head with decis ion this time. That is out of the ques tion. I cannot- desert my, mother. You would not have much faith in me if I did. After the funeral-I'll-I'll see.*' ' v ; . I'm not going 011 any such vague promise as thatl'll stay at Perry's-* *No! No !' Her voice rose to a scream. 'You must get out of these mountains as quick as you can. Have you.110 fear at all- ¥ . : He hesitated. He knew the temper of men, evengood men, when possess ed of a /fixed idea and determined to lynch. But he had .held his lifein his hands more than ^once, and, putting the uncertainty of woman's affections out of the question,?hedid not relish the. idea of.showing his heels. In a moment he replied, 1 am going home with you now, and I shall go to the funeral to- night.* : The girl began to sob. But the while that feminine terrors possessed Jier cfce thrilled with pride at the la solent courage of the man. .He tight ened liis arm and.pursued, cunningly: .Besides, Icould never find tiiy way out of these forests alone ; "hen. night #amft I should be hopelessly lost.' Not one of my-herders wouldhave'thfe equr age to be seen with me % your' father's friends would betray me ; and you re fuse to be my guide. So there is noth ing for me but to stay. Come, kiss* me. Then let us go back.'. ? But the sun was high when they left the forest and rode towards the' clearing. Six of the jurymen. Includ ing Knpwies/who had slept at the house, were sitting on the front porch. They sprang, to their feet and stared open-mouthed at the approaphlng fig ures. If Sally felt a tremor tshe gave "no sign. Her head wasa tyiflehigher than usual. She and Howard dosmpunt ed, tethered their horses: and walked directly up to- the porch. , 'Good-morning, neighbors/ said Sally *Mr. Howard has come home with me because his'place is here. We are to * be married next month.' - ^ *' Knowles forgot his feeble attempts to be'a gentleman and let loose a tor rent of oaths. He broke; off abruptly and burst out laughing. TEIe's saved us a, lot of trouble,* he said. 'This Is easier'n man-huntin".' *1 understand that you accuse me of the murderof Mr . Brandt,' said How ard, coldly. *YOJI should know some thing abdutit. After hiding in the hushes the eYeningbefpre last to wit ness an interview between Miss Brandt and myself, you followed her home. I followed you for somedistance-un tOI Miss Brimdtwaswell otft of the forest-and you went towardsthe coj* ral, where, I understand, her/father was shot-' . -** It was achance shot, but Ho#ard, like all. intrepid Americans, £ was an adept at the great national game of bliilt As ia matter of fact, he had neither seen Snowies on the evening in question, nof suspected his, presence. Knowles went livid, but "he too was an American, and nd craven.- He turn the others, who;vsrere staring confusedly at each in turn. 'You see !' he cried *He ack- - knowledges as how he was there, jiot twenty yards away/ Jand4 we aUJmdw' it was tpliisinteresfesto ptit, Ike^put' of the1 way. What good ' dow 'Ike's death do me ? What had I agin^him?* *1 did not accuse -you, MrRncfarles,* said Howard. 1 merely thought that as you were on the preniises you niight know more about the affair than vou have so far admitted.' i r WWte lonwira. - Tou 3towf Mr Howard, that we believed as how you was guilty, and intended to lynch you,.?* he asked, 'I did,* said Howard haughtily. *j3at 1 have no expectations of being lynch ed. You are not the sort of men to condemn without a trial, I take it. I shall conduct my own case, and I thingc I can convince you that you will re quire more proof than this very inter ested person can furnish.. That will do for the present. I shall attend the funeral to-night. At present I shall eat the breakfast which Miss Brandt has -been good enough to promise me.' He followed Sally into the house. To the mountaineers, used to living with their lives in their hands, no quality appealed so strongly as cour age. This man's-which was one half recklessness and contempt-overawed them. White turned to his fmow judges. 'He must have a fair trial,* he said firmly. *We must forget that we have catx$e to hate him, and that we was glad of an excuse to believe him guilty, and to put him out of the way; and sift .this business through. Tom, fan not suspectin' you, of course, but as he suspicions you as much as you him, you've got to stand trial, * too-and -every other man that so much as a little finger pints to. Am I not fight, neighbors ?* 'You be,' caime in a deep growl. * Knowles turned on his heel and strode away. One of the other men 'i was ordered to keep him in sight. The others galloped ~ off to summon the neighbors to the funeral and subse quent trial. Howard went/to bed and slept till late in the afternoon. At 4;okslock thef procession'started for Bound Valley. A rough coffin had been ,made .by two ;of the. dead man's friends. This was strappedfirmly to a bier and earned on the shoulders of six moantkineers, who were to be re lieved every third mile. Just behind the bier rcfae Mrs. Brandt and her son, who was a year younger than Sally ; the humerous small children had been sent to a neighbor. Sally followed with Howard, Who had laid siege: to Mrs Brandt's affections during the afternoon, and won them. Behind came the mountaineers, two and two. Tlie march was necessarily slow. It was very trying to Howard and Sally. She was beginning to react from the surprise and excitement that had kept grief at bay, and Howard would have liked to drop out of the procession with her and followed far in the rear. But he knew that the act would be misconstrued, and that they would be less free of surveillance than where they were. Besides, the rough moun tain^ forest road would cause more than one break in the ranks. He pressed his horse close to hers and took her hand. But he talked little ; the solem nity of the scene oppressed him, so seldom in contact * with the sombre hours of life. Night came; the sky was overcast; not a ray of light from above penetrated the forest. The men ignited the torches they had brought, and held them aloft, walking one ana one, for the trail narrowed. Howard, glanced over his shoulder more than once. The flaring line on the steep ascent , above might have been a thin belt of forest fire. It threw the rest of the forest into blacker shadow, shift ed the features of the men until they looked like grotesque demons ! Below there were two torches only ; one be hind and one before the coffin, which was zigzagged painfully among the crowding trees and brush. Howard drew his hand across his brow and wondered if San Francisco existed ; he might have been assisting at the birth of a continent's civilization; that it was the year 1896 was incredible. And suddenly he. realised his danger. These men, walking and riding twenty miles at night through the heart of an almost trackless forest, still the home of the panther and the grizzly, to bury a dead comrade, had been face to face with nature and danger all the days of their lives. Life was a serious mat ter to them; they had never had a superfluous dollar, never known a cy nical moment; and as the peace and safety of their homes meant more to them than all his millions meant to John Howard they had resolved to crush a feud which was near to driv ing them mad with anxiety. Panic comes to the bravest men. It overwhelmed Howard suddenly; his brain emptied itself of every faculty, was possessed by a frantic desire to escape from the men who might hang him at do/wn. He thrust his head down between his shoulders, peering from right to left. The brush was little less solid than a wall. His heart seemed melting through his ribs. The breath hissed through his shrunken lips. Suddenly he became aware that Sally was speaking to him, that her mouth was almost at his ear. 'Are you ill V she whispered. 'Your hand to as cold as ice.' The panic fled as swiftly as it had come. He was grateful for the black ness of the night that hid his wet and livid face from the woman. 1 had a chill, I think. I have them some times.' "You don't regret this ?' she asked shyly. 'You are running a terrible risk, although I cannot believe that they would dare to harm you. But I should like to hear you say that you are not sorry.' *1 love you more, far more, than when we started down the mountain. Perhaps you understand why-and that I can have no regrets. I don't be lieve, either, that they will hang me ; and if they don't, we have a good chance for happiness, you and I, I think.' She drew his hand suddenly to her heart and held it there. It was the first voluntary caress that she had giv en him. She, too, was deeply stirred by the solemnity of the night and scene; even more so than he; grief for her lost father was crowding close on the heels of spent excitement, and threatening a sudden and overwhelm ing leap. All that kept it 4 from its rights was the harrowing of fear, flout ed but Insistent. The panic did not return, but the long monotonous hours of that night were the most serious of John How ard's life. He refused to contemplate the possibility of another night finding him as cold as the clay jolting before him, but he thought on many of the things that troop through the brains of men in their final hour, and made resolutions as new to him 88 was the sudden acquaintance with his, inner life. ' " - It was 4 in the morning when they descended the almost perpendicular trail leading into Bound Valley. Far away, at the opposite end of the im mense valley, the huts of the Indian reservation and the barracks of the company in charge clung to the earth like mounds above buried Ghlntchinich chieftains. There were many farm houses. A church, surrounded by wooden crosses and headstones, an oc casional gleam of marble, stood lonely by the white roadside. On all sides towered the black, perpendicular mountains. They made directly for the church. The minister, who had been notified, was Waiting; the grave was dug. Howard lifted Sally from her horse and half carried her to the head of the open grave. She trembled and clung to him. The men' crowded in and stood, bareheaded, In the narrow paths Not one of the party made a sound, not even Mrs Brandt, who stared stonily at the coffin, twisting her hands. The # minister read the service and made a prayer. The coffin was lowered by the grave-diggers, the earth shovelled in When the mound was complete White stepped forward: 'Mr Parson,* he said,, 'will you kindly go ter hum, now. We want to have a talk right he^e, and, axing your par don, we're better oiE without you. The grave-diggers ain't got no call to stay neither.* The parson, wondering, but glad to seek his bed, departed at once; the grave- diggers shouldered their spades and shambled across the silent fields. 'Fellow-citizens/ said White. *There ain't no better place to try a man than by the murdered man's grave. I vote that if the guilty one is among us we find out afore the sun gits over that mountain. We kin do it.' The supreme moment had come. Howard was divided between gratitude that it had come so unexpectedly, and an uncontrollable horror. He would have given half of his millions for the conventional surroundings of a court room, not because he knew that the law of the state would never hang a rich man, hut because he longed for the commonplace, the accustomed. The vreirdness of the sceae: ' the great lilack- ribbed valley; the awful majesty of the mountains, the gray dawn, the appalling silence, the dead beneath his feet, the determined, emotionless men in their picturesque garb, forced a inind, more or less\the slave of habit, into the attitude of helpless tremor which civilization must ever exper ience when at the mercy of nature; Itwas not even the lynching scene of tradition. But he gave no sign, and when Sally, with a stifled scream, flung fcer arms about him, he led her over to her mother and asked heir to stay there Then he walked to the foot of the grave and faced his accusers. 'Mr Howard,' said White, 'we have jome to the conclusion that as you had cause 40 wa6t Ike Brandt 1S m.ore fur y°u to prove you Jhdn t commit the murder than for us «?,0^T°VP; did" was you at g^ter to 7 o'clock on Tuesday even ridUlS in the di ftn'^,you was alone? There was no imvIntJ011 at a ^uarter to seven to grove that you was ridin' away from Ike Brandt's ranch?' y m was alone.* He was in full con trol of hunself by this, and he laugh 2?' a2?ere no other questions you «an ask me that win establish either nay innocence or guilt; you can pro rin ?ho°i?n? to S^ear that he saw me do the killing. Do you mean to say that you would convict a man on such Jkms? circumstantial evidence as you have established in mv case' That ould not be justice, but cold-blooded tourder, tor you have not the excuse of the ordinary lynchers' excitement.' Knowles _ stood beside him. Howard turned with a swift movement, caught by. the collar and flung him on «is knees on the damp grave. 'Tom Knowles, he said solemnly, 'swear by ail that you hold most sacred, that you did not murder the map over Whose body you are kneeling.' There was a moment of such intense and breathless silence that Howard «ould hear the wind rising in the pine tops on the mountain. But the man binder his hand did not tremble. He crossed his handstand said solemnly: 1 swear I did not kill Ike Brandt and that I believe John Howard did.' Howard stepped back, loosened his hold. He saw that he had made a mistak-. Superstition is strong in the mart of the civilized: it is monarch In the brain of the untutored. These *rm shock with awe as their comrade reiterated his accusation almost on the breast of the murdered man; and as they turned with one accord to H<Sw ard_Jbe read his doom in their eyes. White stepped forward again. His face^ was as gray as dawn. 'Mr. How ard,' he said, 'it may be as you say, that our circumstantial evidence don't ampunt to much, but, all the same, we know you done it. ' Every one of us, sir, knows that you murdered Ike And you show your guilt in your face, sir; it's whiter'n the whitewash ion "that there church. I'm sorry, sir, for you're powerful plucky, and we res pect that. I own I kinder1 hoped we'd find someone else was the guilty party. But he ain't; not even one of your cow-punchers was within ten miles of the place that day. We've been doin* a good bit of inqulrin' and investigatin' since you showed up yes terday, and, sir, Ike didn't hav© an other enemy in the world.' He paused a moment, a vibrating and horrible pause. 'Perry.' he said finally, 'you kin take Mrs Brandt and Sally hum. We'll finish up here.' But if Howard's face was livid it was not from fright. Imagination had twice neutralised the iron in h'g blood, but fact, after the first mo ment of perplexity, had thrown him into a passion of anger and will to live. He was filled with a furious FCorn of the boors who had presumed to sit on judgment upon him, and a I <lrsire to humiliate them with defeat. ! knew that he had only one hope; to reach the reservation and place himself under the protection of the company at the agency. It was a forlorn hope, for his horse was jaded, hut It was worth trying. He made a leap[ backward, flinging out his fists And hitting two of the lynchers crush ing blows in the lace. The act was 'greeted with a roar. These mountain ^eers were men of nature after all heir borrowings from civilization ^ere very meagre and wholly arbit- ! The blood on their comrades* awakened the s&vage;, let loose the consuming hatred of poor man for cai>italist. In a second they were Ho longer judges, they were anarchists. They leaped over the graves, struggling witli each other to get at the man xtorho «tood for power and', oppression, and whom Providence had given into their hands. Howard saw that escape fwas, impossible. He sprang back against the church wall and met the onslaught with well-planted blows. He was a scientific boxer, and broke more than one arm used to the rifle and shot gun only. But he knew that his ad vantage was one of seconds. He was no match for twenty men-forty huge fists. He had a sudden hideous vision of a revolving body dangling'from the tree above Brandt's grave.But he could ge$| at his pistol in time to prevent that. Then, suddenly everything went red. . A, great flame shot up before him, mingled with a curious automatic screech. An iron wedge seemed to drive straight into his: brain, and he went down. # * * * He opened his eyes. Sally's white face was close to his; an, infernal but muffled howling surrounded him. He lifted Ms head; he was insMe the' church. 'What does it meant' he 'asked. /How did you get me in here?** ' 'I and ma set fire to them as they surrounded you. I had a box of mat ches in my pocket. Their clothes and hair were very dry, and caught like tinder. Of course they cotdd roll'on the grass and put it out; and I jlragg ed you in here just after one of them hit you. I have locked the door. They won't break in here. How we'll ever get oiit I don't know;but we're safe for the present, and that's the main point. Does your head hurt?' 1 hardly know. You are a wonder ful girl. Only a Califcrriian girl would ever have thought of: euch a thing.* >'. Suddenly the noise outside ceased. Sally put down Howard's head gently, and standing on one «f the pews look ed out of the window. ? 'It's Hickory Mott,* sbe eaid. *He's Just ridden in., He lives in acabin. about four miles dfrom us. I wonder1 whf&bh;^ wants. He's got a bundle of papers in his hand.* , 'V ; She lifted the window cautiously. and bent her ear: to the narrow open ing. The words spoken by Hitekory 'came distinctly to Howard.' *1 ain't one to sweep, and I only found this yere bundle last night. It was where Tom Knowles was standing and jedgih* from the contents there , ain'tmuch doubt«as how he drapped it. He owed Ike «U Jie ever ha^, a%d # there was nothin*' but "these papers to prove it. I come as quick aslcould, for although I ain't nofriend of Mr. Howard's nor any othertartiation cap- ... italist, I don't believe in jriilin' a for .what he did'nt do.* There was a silence, which to the man lying on the floor of the church seemed to slip along the months Into, following ye^r.He was struggling to his feet when Sally closed the window _ sharply and dropped to thefloor. Her eyes were dilated, and bauds to her ^^pritJuiut; , came a single, gurgling shriek: then, <? again, silence. ^ V * Influenza is continuing its lavages in this district (says the " Hughenden ?« Observer, "J although inthe town, it somewhat abated. Early last'week a named McFearon- was- brpught . to the,B^pW:.fr(^'St^n ing badly from influenza." He' died^on : Wednesday.; On Wednfisfls^ mMMig another man namedJohn. ... was brought aiso frdm Stamford,but -rJ' we understand i Katandra. He was in a very bad way and died as soon as he was placed t>n a bed in the institution. * * -v. \ , 'If I .were .single again J Wouldn't, marry unless * was th*» question if her friend.. *i. properf supplies of Stout. ?* 4 . J- Winterises pital Ion' Thursday having been caught derfc ^Macrwa^^E A^s^)LD^Bied M? 