TOLD BY A LIGHTHOUSE ASSISTANT. " My man, do you want a berth ?" said he. /'Aye, aye, dpi en,'" said I. "I want one badly. I'm lialf-slnrved and half- frozen." He ma<le no answer, but just a sign lo follow liim, ami lie stalked away and I pegged after him. He kept close along the shore as we walk<d, and lor a while he saiil nothing. At last, however, he turned nnd pointed seaward, " You see that f said he. He indicated a lighthouse on a lonely rock. '.I'mtl.ektcpcr,"said he. "I want you to cook my meals »ml keep my bachelor's hall foi me. Now and then ) shall want you to row in Ind l-uy piopisions. The, work won't be bard, a think the pay willsuityou, Do you know why 1 cliose you ? " "No, cappen," said I. " Beceuse I saw that hope was at an end with you," he said. " It's only a man who had come (o that who could lire with me in a lightbotjse." " 1 was on a (iifieit inland once," said I. "Afier that I slian tbo afraid of.a lighthouse." I'd kc< n in a lighthouse before; it vrns no new thing to me hut after I'd been yhere a few hours I wondered what my master hired me for. It was like bi- in£ pensioned off; there was nothing to do. But, mark ye, when it came night, and the wind began to moan about the lighthouse, and the lamps were lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all the sound we beard was the swash, swash; swash of the waves, my master mixed some grog and called me to sit along with him. That looked sociable, but I can't say he did. He sat glowering ovor bis glass for a while, and opening his mouth as if to speak', and shutting it again. Then said he : '" What's your name ?" "Ben Dare,"said I. " Would you mind calling yourself Brace ?" he asked. " I've no reason to be ashamed of my name," g«idl. ' "Look here," said he, "I am a gentleman born and bred. I never came to earning my bread before. I'm ashamed of it. This is what I mean. If sny strangers camc out here to aak for Willifaa Brier.wby.you can »ay you are the man. YoO cISim lo be lighthouse-keeper., It's \- *asy. i -1 don't.aappoae much: company will call, but I.choose not.to see them, if they do. That'i what I hired you for." . » "Oh,"(raid I.. t " Vou se«," s>id he, " I got this place through ? rich man who h*d influence. Those who gave it.to me never saw me If 1 die some day,why, here you are in the place. If I go off, ad I may, here you are still until then. I'll pay you well, and you know your duties." "'Well, it's shamming,1'said I, "but, after all, what does one care what my name is, and what shall I call you ?" j " Call me nothing," said he. " Call me Cap tain, as you did when 1 met you, but never speak of me to any one." Gentleman or no, he wasn't lazy. He didn't : care how he worked.. The lamps were as bright as jewels. There wasn't a speck of dirt in the whole tower But let any boat come nigh us, away he went and bid himself, and came out with a white, scared face and a" shaking hand'. At night he was afraid to go jup to the lamps alone, and he'd look over his shoulder and turn white as we stood together. At last he took a new turn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a low voice : " Brace, do you believe in ghosts ?" " I havn't considered the question," I' answered. " Well," said h">, stftlier than before, " look into that corner," and ho pointed. I looked* ? " Don't you see anything ?" he asked. " No,"' said I; .' no, Cappen." "Ah," he muttered, "very well, very well. I'm glad you don't." But that wasn't nothing to what happened the very next night. We sUpt in two busks nigh each olhtr, and naturally when he woke up with a yell 1 woke, too. Hevwas'shrieking and shaking and wringing bis hands. _ -'The woman! the woman! " he said. " She stosd I er just now, all red with bipod. It drip petl do-in the white ruffles. It dripped on her hands. fc'tup her! stop herShe has gone to rati Hum. Slopher! stopher!" ' . " Wl.er.. dM tlie go ?"' I asked. lie s'.are 1 at me with his wide open eyes, all the win tea!.owing, below and above. " SI.e ciuliln't have been here," said he. " It w. h a dream." " l.'-rd love you-a nightmare," said I. So r.e went asleep spam. But I heard of the wornnn so oTtt n after that that I grew used to her. The Cnppin, as I called him, got to be woisM i-nd worse every day. I wanted to go :islio: c nnd fe'cli ttie doctor, but he would not h> ar of it He raved if I tried to leave him. At last tlinre came a-hot, hot night in June. It was burning hot all day, and a dead calm at night Abimt dark the Cappen went to sleep,, ni il I went nnil sat wlu rn I could see the water i n't ti e lights ashore. It was so clear that I louhl liehr the sailors in a Spanish ship moored not faraway singing 'in their foreign lingo. And I wns sort of quirt and dreamy like, when i:om< thing liappei'.ed that waked me mighty wid" *nd Mid.Scn. Something was standing on tV ft- pa t«low me, some thing came toward me.' It was a little slender figure, with longhair, i:ll nb >r.t its shoulders. I couldn't see its face.; I .'oi.'t II ink I really saw it plaioly at all. But il went- p:s( mc softlv while I looked, and I k c\v it was a woman in a white ruffle^ gown,: ,-nrt th';t she lia-1 gone to the room where my master lay. ' I shook too hsr»l for a moment to! uu'vu ; hut as !oon as 1 could I started up to go' o Mm. Just then a voice cried : : ' Lighthouse, ahoy!" T .'ii wend, "Ayr, aye,'' and stopped a bit. Duty fi't-t of all things with a sailor. A boit lay »t the fcot of the steps, and four, ine:i jump: d out of it. We waiit William Brace, keeper of this' liflitiii use," laiii one, a big man in alinenover-1 e-'tfc . " I'm onetliat answ< rs to the name," gays I. II. swuns alant'rn oytr my head. ' "S nrcli the place, my men," said ho, Thrr. w,n no usu saying anything, but I did try to slop Ihem. ' " I've got a sick friend aloft," says I. " Don't disturb him. I'm afraid the woman will skeer him anyhow, he's so low." , "Wh t woman?" s-id he. '. The one that came aboard with you, si;,'g sniil I. " No woman came with us," he snarled. " Stand aside. Men, do your duty." Tiny went «| st-irs. I'followed. I saw thm walk into the Ciippen's room. I heard tin ni c y out and stand still. When I got to the >'o<>r thr y stood in a row looking down on ih<\- bed. I liokeil, too. Man nor woman. couldn't frighten the Cappen more.. . He was iieiiK" 'MVhat had lie done ?" I asked the ofGcer, '. Kilhd his w'.fc," said.he, "that'sall. I^o i!o bt 3l e d- served it; hut it's not allowed by la v * hen they do."' . " God Ltlp him," said I. 