-ALL EIGHTS HESE3VED.] PUBLISHED. BY SPECIAL AftKAKGE MENT. BEAUTIFUL BOHILLA, by. Harold child, Author of "Drives by Fate," Etc., Etc. CHAPTER XVII. (Cootinced): ' They discussed the menu for the great, sapper, and Mrs. ■ Twaddell declared that it wioukl be the finest spread ever seen in Aflderswyke. and tliat Robert was the finest gentleman she had ever met. And what about Oliver Magub?" she asked, in the course of counting up the num ber oj guests, " Are you going to ask him?" "2> o. said Robert. " I very much doubt whether he will be in Alderswyke that nis:ht, and, ir he were, he certainly wouldn't come. But that reminds jne'of another'thing. I want you to take Rohilla away and send her to bed as soon as supper is 'finished. Yon must do it carefully, so as not to rouse her suspicions, for I am going to tell you all something that I am anxious she should not De reminded of as yet. Ai.cl v-4itn you have saen her safety to_ bed I want you to come back and hear what I have to sav." t, y°u're S°'rig to marry my little Ro . said Mrs. Twaddell. " It- seems so strange. She's the only child I ever had, though she wasn't born ot me : and in spite or all her strange ways I couldn't help feeling as. if she was my own daughter. Oh .' but I shall miss her sore !" '•Cheer up!"' said Robert, for the good woman's eyes were filling with tears. "When she is well again ire shall come and spend many a month at my studio anion f our old friends." ° _ !" Ah, but she is a lucky .girl !''• And the softhearted soul turned a sentimental eye on •Altkeri s handsome face. If I wasn't married arid an old woman, I could find it in my heart to;beTOorrt^OT7ealO{irof TierT"'" " An elephantine chuckle at the door made them bodi look round, to see W illiam's fat face wreathed into a wicked smile in the daorwa}'. Ah! missus, so you'd break up the happy home for the gentleman, would you ? li'pose we arrange it that way ? You take him and I take Ro ? Would that suit you V Apparently not ? for a sounding box on the ear was all the answer he received, while Aitken looked furious at the bare hint of such a thing.. Ihere now, said William nieeklv. !' ghat's a woman's notion of the fairness of tlungs . She may fall in love with anyone ttiiit comes, and Irer poor old husband ® even niake a joke. But joke it was, S!r and he chuckled again at his own wit. There, shake hands ! ' he added, sesin" Aitkeiv's _ face still black. "And vou? missus, give us a kiss and let us have some breakfast,'- . ... . •Iiohilla joined them at- that moment, and Aitken, glad as he was to see her, could not relpress a-pang of something strangely like jealousy of the cheerful happiness of the landlord and his wife. JinuO their C[ui(5t, 6ven"~ lives had come no crime nor. madness to work awful ejects on innocent minds, and their one sorrow had but drawn them closer to -gether. He .looked * upon the face of his betrothed,'noting the" troubled glimmerings ofj a half-sleeping intelligence," and asked htjnself bitterly whether he could ever know that -sweet domestic bliss for which he liuugerecL. The end of-Hobilla's sufierin^ and-his own anxieties seemed to be as far off as- G.v£r,—..Aiild—"\vlicii. the end- came, what would'it be? ■She .blushed and.ioolied like aliapjiv-child when-he told her of his intentions'about tiie' wedding. - J" ^hat-is .your secoad name?" he asked, rn • surname, but your second Christian name ? " Mary," she said. J" ^i»y do you ask ?" said Mrs. Twaddell. at'F"tf,Sil^"sgoing with you to see the man ■ } " Said Robert with a quick frown. 1 There s no need for that. " ■For an unpleasant thought had forced it self into his mind— the image of a present danger, i.. n the actual wedding day her real surname of Critten would have to be brought back to her memoiy. And what mirrht°be the result he trerubled to think. Supposing tnat name should prove the spark necessary to set fire to hor dead memory ! Supposing the awakening should come before his wedded ■ ril'111' ^lad time-to make its full impression' •The second post, brought a large packet from .London addressed to Robert, and Mrs. Twaddell eyed and fingered it with ea-'er curiosity. ..... ° But Robert only returned from Eastham -lauj in the aiternoon, and took the packet .sraighfcto Jus,room. After-a little he came downstairs and asked for Mr. Twaddell. Ihe - landlord was in the garden, - but on hearing that Aitken wanted him to witness his signature to a deed lie washed his hands at the pump, pulled on his coat, and came indoors fc o sooner was he in Robert's room man Mrs. Twaddell began dancip™ ner vously. up and-dosvn_the paissage, JEaMno-.to pounce on him for information as sooiv as he should come out.- ... . . , Writing his name . was 110 light undertak ing to William, and at leasts'"quarter of an hour passed before he'appeared *<rain. And s^ghtest attention to Mrs. Twaddell's .-lifted'.forefinger, ' he burst OUt With, ' - . " Hullo, missus !" . - - |: Sh 7' she whispered. " Come: down stairs and tell me wiat^it was ail about. ' " How. should I know .?"■ said.'her husband, when theyjliad. reached;'th;e. parlor,..." There was a big piece of parohment- with three red seals at the bottom, but he'd cohered it all over with blotting-paper except'the seals: : Inen he --wrofce his name, ^art of it on each side of one of the seals, and puts his im^er on the 'seal and says, " I deliver this as iny act and deed." 1 hen I had to write my name on thd back with iijy iddress and occu pation. And that's all." , "•Ana-you never found out what it was ail about? Silly? : Whpwould.be a xnan if they could help it?-- Well, then, what name-did he write V" . ' " Wby, his own, of course ! Oh, T see what you mean ! . Let me think.- ._'Twas Robert—Robert Critten Aitken. That was it ; ' . m " Robcrt' Critten Aitken !" echoed Mrs. Twaddell. 1' Ah ! he said Ilo's father's name was Critten. . JSTow I wonder what dt was all about! HI save you the:trouble of wondering if you like, Mrs. Twaddell," said Aitken's voice behind , her, and she turned with a guilty start. "It was my marriage settle ment. If you would care to know, the trustees were my solicitor, Sir. Wynne,-.and my cousin, Mr. George Aitken. Peljiaps you would also like to know -the amount settled. It is equivalent to £5,000 a year. And now, I think I had better trouble you to give me the key of-the little box you took from Rohilla's room." ■ Mis voice was grave and stern, and; Mrs. Twaddell suddenly found the room . un comfortably hot. She was obliged to go to the window in order to take the key off the big bunch she always carried.^ As she handed it to Aitken she dared not meet his eye, but stood rebuked and humble. "Thank you," said Robert, as he took the key. "And" the box—" said Mrs. Iwaddell, tremulously. . "Keep it," said-Robert. "I do not mean to ^ f"r th'at," hfe went- on more' kindly, " until I am actually married, And then it will only be that I may burn it, with its con tents." ' ' ' ■ ' ■ " Do you know what is inside it ? " asked 3\Irs. Twaddell, a little more at her ease. "Not for certain. But I have a pretty shrewd suspicion that the contents will do nobody any good. And if I forget to ask for it on my wedding day, will you please burn it for mc unopened ?" "Yes, sir," I will," said Mrs.. Twaddell stoutly, though the promise cost her disap pointed curiosity a pang. " By the way," Robert went on. "I raet Mr. Oliver Magub this morninc. He and ilia one-legged relative rolled out~oi" a publie lioa-.o as I rss passing. He will not be here on ?.T.>iidr»r nigiit." "lam giad of that," said Tiirs. Twaddell. plucking up courage when she saw that hw* oxcessivc curiosity had amused rather than angered her guest. " So am I. lie i again, !:e says, and docsi:ot ]-:r,i :v at al! he will he back." " Good riddance ot bad rubbish. Did he say where he was going "jSTo." "Nor who with ?" a man named Tom Debney," ]ie " Ah ! he'll be all right with Tom. Be you ana he still enemies V' Judging from his demeanor, this moraine I have no doubt he would be glad of anothe? chance to stab me m the back ! But I don't Se°ir?en ^ =et "PPortunitj'." Be on your guard, though, sir. If he says he s going on a voyage 'tis as lite as not he li be in Alderswyko the whole time. You Tue=dLy r°U WCre "°in" t0 Remarried on "Oh, yes." „ "^he j keeP a, sharI> look-out on Ro 011 Monday. Hes capable of running off with her any mmute." '•Pooh!" said Robert. "I am not afraid of that. You and I will be Vith ura-_ day, and at night, the least sound in her loom would wake me.' - CHAPTER XYIIL 1HE SKELETON IX THE CVl'liOAIUl. Parl°r of "TheAnchor" was full of lifi. and color. The settle and the rest of thfe furniture had been removed in order to mike room tor a long table that ran diagon al». lr°ni comer to corner, and the lamp •tlwit hung near the hams on the beam was t? -fcu! lFht 0f twelve candl« I ^ l ^ Bnght,Au-ust fl™ers, geraniums | and dahlias, stocks and verbena, and here i an£ -thero-a- rose -or-t-wo, -Mazed above the I spotless linen ; and if the glasses were all gr^en and red, there were only two people j mi the room who did not think them beau 1JP1' . j. ^est were far too" pleasantly ; ocpnpied m demolishing the mighty supply of; good things set before them to care much ! for aj^^ances. A hearty silence-prevailed I VVPat tlie good of talking when the fine I yojing jaws all down both sides of the table had so much better work to do ? | ^he customary solemnity of the brisht tanned- faces* - wrinkled a little round the ctear steady eyes, was no whit diminished on j tiiis festal occasipn. There was business on hand very serious business to most of those present. To men who live at the mercy of JXi 8 f) HI6 ifc k n,° light t!»ng to eat and drink, that the muscles may be firm and the blood flow warm in the veins. leather is it a solemn, almost a sacred duty; to say notliuajr-or-its-being-a- healthy pleasure, for of hungerana cold most of those present had their full share as the months went round. J t- was no- lack of gratitude, then, to the giver, of the feast that kept the guests silent, iheir opinion of their host had been formed long ago. Strict as their standard was, he came up to it. They knew him for a man they could trust; and this new proof of his virtues caused but little enthusiasm. Onlv later, when the table was cleared and the business .of the evening over, would their solemnity relax into open expressions of enjoyment. Aitken, sitting at the head of the table, looked down the line on either side of him with keen appreciation. "You're grand fellows, all of you," he thought, as his eyes wandered over the clear cut faces, the short, curly bail-, and the massive brown throats that rose pillar-like above the blue jerseys. "Clean, trina steady-eyed, brave fellows ! And handsome, too. bailors aire often handsome when they are young. I wonder why. Look at Jack Bnggs there.! _ There's a nose ! Knocks Apollo s into nothing". And those eyes ! And that neck and shoulders. ' I must make a picfcure-of- you -some -day, Jack. "No I wont ■ It. might make you vain. . And the' chief beauty of you all is that you've no idea what grand tellows vou-areJ'- —• - Rohilla was sitting a"t his right hand, and'" opposite him, at the far-end, -;fcIr.---Twaddell. :■.~ ® landlord had been unanimously voted mco.-the chair, which, in more senses than w,e!i fitted to fill. On his iight sat Mrs. Twaddell, gorgeous in purple and yellow; and on his left lay the emblem of othce, the chairman's hammer, in the shape of the curious weapon that hung as a rule over the mantelpiece. Robert had only noticed it m its new honor after the supper had well begun, or he would have forbidden its us» tor that, again, might prove a fatal link with the past, if.any accidcnt should brin" it pro minently before Rohilla's mind." ° ' * i ^0j.r rJle ®ame reason he had misgiving about the Burgundy, which Mr. Twaddell had brought up from the cellar for the use of the-inmates of the- house.- The-sailors, one and all, had refused it in favor of some thing with a stronger taste ; but William insisted that spirits would never do for Aitken or the ladies. Rohilla put her glass to her Hps, but did Aitken™1 looked appealingly at ''I^fr'ghtened again," she said, simnly '|Wbat or?" he-asked. - Of the wine; J don't know why." " Give me your glass." She handed it to him and he placed it out' of sight behind his chair. Giving'her a glass of water m exchange, "he had the satis raction of seeing lier terror vanish. Little by little-tlie piles of food disap peared, and the moment, carae when'all at last- were satisfied. Sighs of contentment could be heard from one and another down the table, and the men leaned back in their :chairs to loosen their'belts and drop casual remarks to Uieir neighbors. But there was no enthusiasm yet. They saw no use in being noisy before the mood took them,.and their gratitude was too sincere to allow of thieir- pretending an exhilaration-which thev did not feel,. . ; ■ ■ ;A11 at once Mr. Twaddell seized his -weapon, and with a noise quite out of pro portion to the gentle hum of conversation that was going on round him, struck, three times upon the table. Silence: fell on all. his feet/:and;said in ms most ceremonious manner, \- : "Gentlemen, f'*le ladies is about to leave :us; * . .[Robert stood, up, and his guests followed .hi? example. He led Rohilla to the door JS^-one sa,w the cloud of. anxietv that passed suddenly over his . faje, nor the old. look of •terror that was struggling -with the ^entle impassivity of Rohilla's eyes. .But, as Mrs. Xwaadell passed him, he whispered, ; ;."Look after her well. She is frightened again and may be restless. -- But. hurry back; j I jw.on t speak tiil you come," f3t^,erL h?d-taken his seat again. Mivlwaddell struck once more with the • hammer. -.^Gents," ,ie cried, <?is your.glasses full?" iiiey were, and the guests sat erect in expectation of,a speech. ■ : " Gents !" said Mr. TwaddeH. r ®u': rea-der, the chronicler must pause. Mr. Twaddeli was fey iiature:a plain spoken man, and though -his healthy and natural sentiments were merely what you and I:and all honest men would heartily endorse they were-not couched in that refined and suggestive, Janguage that -alone will pass muster in well- bred circles. He was a plain-spoken man addressing.an audience of young fishermen, and his language was direct and simple. .Suffice it to say that, while Robert sat blushing hopelessly, with all eves fixed unon mm, the speech had the effect of lectin" loose the ' natural jollity that lay hidden under the . solemn manner of tlie "n^sts Roar after roar of laughter reached the ears" of Mrs. Twaddell upstairs, and that one speech did more than anything else to remove the sting of diasppointed hopes from the minds of Rohilla's unsuccessful suitors. "And now, gents," Mr. Twaddell wound up, I call on you to drink the health of Mr. -Robert Aitken and his lovely bride. lheres not one of you here now who woulan t give all you've got to be in his place to morrow, and after. But you'll not be there and he will. So God bless them both say I, and send 'em lots of little 'uns to gladden their lives for 'em. Gents, I give you Mr. Robert Aitken, and no heel taps. The fishermen sprang to their feet with a shout and drained then- "Ws. Some fan God save the Queen," and some " For he'I a jolly good tellew," and the ringing cheers and laughter were only interrupted In- the re turn of Mrs. Twaddell. 4 ' "lt U "She is back very early," thought Robert. i nope sue has seen Rohilla safely to bed." There followed a tremendous banging on the table trom the chairman's hammer "Andnow." and Mv. T-vaddcn.*""! call upon Mr. A:tkon '..j reply. ' ^Robert's throat- turned suiidenly d"v while his cheeks flamed. His story was hard enough to tell in any ease ; but coming as it did, on the top of the chairman's }ovia] speech, and the light-hearted laughter o? his guest;., the shame and sadness of it seemed greater than before. He struggled to master his thoughts and voice in the^few moments during which the fishermen were cheering and thundering 011 the table with knives and glasses. The noise aided him, indeed ; but it- also served to drown the patter of light feet down the stairs, and the gentle lifting of the latcli of thedoor. There was one among his audience of whose presence he was ignorant. "My friends," he began, at last; and the noise was instantly stilled. "I suppose I may call you by that name, for yow have all been the best of friends to me. You have welcomed me into your circle, you have played with me at parlor cricket with the chairman's hammer, you have seen me come among you and carry off that which each and all of you value more than anything else iu the world, and-not one of you has shown me the least sign of jealousy or resentment. "I cannot say what I think of your con duct ; you would not like it, and it would ill: become me to praise, who am indirectly the cause of the great misfortune which has fallen upon the lady we all hold dear. Yes, it is I who am, through no fault of my own, indeed, to blame ; and it. was p; rt'y for the purpose of telling you a strange and sad story that I asked you to meet me here ti> night. It is a story I ^ould willingly keep secret, if I could, but the telling of it is a debt that has long been due to my future wife, to the Jmemory of her father, and to you, her life-long friends and admirers. Some of it you know already. The making \- public of some of it was the only way in which I could protect her from the insults of a cowardly persecutor. And" the rest of it is this : " Twenty-five years or so ago, two men went into partnership in business. One of them lived in Loudon ; the other for some years managed the chief branch in Spain. They were young and energetic. The busi ness throve and they grew rich. Both mar ried, one an English, woman, who died in givhu: .birth to a son, the other a Spanish •woman. . . . . , • !' Time went on, and it became necessary that-the junior partner also'-should live in Lofndon, leaving, a manage?'behmd him iri* Spkin, ...There :was friendship; "between the twb families.* The little- motherless son of the senior partnenvent often to the house of His father's friend, and to this day he remem bers the rdark beauty and gentle foreign speech of his wife. A little girl was born to her, and a"happier family could not be found in the world. They were rich, loving, and beloved, and it" seemed as if they would all grow old-in happiness and honor. But it was not to be. ?' Anct'liere begins the part of my story which is the most difficult to tell. A serpent entered into their Eden—a serpent in the -form of lawless love, persistently rejected with scorn by the noble and virtuous woman, j who, for the sake of the persecutor, kept all knowledge of her trouble from her husband, j And the persecutor, being at last convinced | of'the hopelessness of his evil passion, set to -work to bring about the ruin of the man whose wife he coveted. j "My friends, when I tell you that the name of that firm was Aitken and Critten, that it was my own father who would thus j have broken all the laws of family love, that that it was my betrotlied's mother who was j the object of his passion, you will forgive me if I do not dwell on the'subject. J •'The revenge he took was deadly. Some hoW, by taking advantage of some legal quibble, which, my; lawyers .understand, but which.I cannot gr.isp, he contrived to wreck the fortune of bis partner, Mr. Critten, and divert liis wealth to his own uses; ; ' : Slowly/ day by day, "Rolrilla's father saw his wealth, slipping from Aim.- He struggled, but in vain. ' Quicker, and quicker came the crash,- and "on the morning when: he found himself penniless, stripped of .ppsition, pros pect^ and; honor,:he cototriM in a moment' of madness, that fearful deed which lias lning like:a pallr over-the life of his only daughter, from inlariciy to the present day. ■ And-over me has'hung <ifor-blacker cloud; the stain of my father's infamy., , . " " My father: died' suddenly within a year of his partner's ruin; and I, knowing nothing of the facts, heard from his dying1 lips enough of the horrible story to show me that I had a great and solemn duty before me—the duty of finding the destitute wife and daughter of my father's partner. "But you know what such duties are to young men. They slip to the background, crowded out by one's own ambitions and pleasures ; and it was not till the real name of the lady I had called Miss Perez was re vealed to me by accident that I found myself suddenly face to face with the duty I ought to have been seeking." . He stopped tor moisten his parched,lips. His audience sat' in' stony silence, with enigmatic faces. Outside the wind was ris ing and. a.iew. drops of. xain fell lieavily.on the window. Was it the wind that made that low moan of pain at the door? Was it the falling rain that sounded life? footsteps, creeping softly up the stairs ? - Mrs. Twaddell rose from the. table to shut the door, which by some means had blown open. As she sat down again, Aitken took, up his tale. " Well; my friends, 'there. w£re.- two courses open to me.: I might ask my lawyers, who are intimately versed in the affairs of Aitken and Critten, t.o jnake a calculation.of what- sum might fairly be considered due'to the descendants of the r uined xuan,: and malce over that sum to his daughter. That would be one way, no doubt, of buying reparation, of laying the ghost of this crime that has haunted heiiand me all our lives, of inducing my family skeleton to stop in its cupboard for the future. That- much I have done. Only the other.' day lamade-the calculation.; But that was not all. " There was another way—aiid may I say" that the moment I first- set eyes oil'my future wife, having then no idea of who she was,.something told me, that this latter way would be the. right ione?—to offer, not merely the money, but myself for all I am. worth—to devote, if possible my whole life to the "task of "making up to he- ;-iwhafc she -has lost. My "father robbed ner of more than money; he robbed her of a home, of reputation, of a chance in the world ; more than all, of the love that should have been hers. And that way, I am proud to say, has received her sanction. " At this moment she knows nothing of the past. The failure of her memory lias : mercifully blotted it out; But she told me of her love while fully conscious of the link . that binds her past to mine. And so, to morrow, reparation will be made for a great crime. She will be restored to the sphere of wealth in-which she was born, and it will be my inexpressible good fortune to link her honored name with my dishonored ; to atone to' her, and to assure my own life's happi ness at the same time. For to-morrow, she and I will be-married." He sat down exhausted, without one word of the conventional sentiments he had half meant to express, and waited for the verdict to pass.. _jNow that the hideous story was all . unfolded, he trembled before the rows of stern, impassive faces that'hemmed him in on both sides. Not a muscle moved among them all. Only Mrs. Twaddell at the far end of the table cried softly between her fingers. At last, after an age of silence, there was a movement at her side. William Twaddell rose slowly and came up the room. When he readied'the head of the table, he held out his hand in - silence. Robert, grasped it in heartfelt gratitude, and the sigh that then rose ana fell to right and left seemed to say that the landlord had expressed the feeling of all present. "God bless you, my friend." said Robe:-;, in a low voice. His glance embraced all his guests, and rested at last upon the window at the far em of the room. He started to his feet with : cry of surprise, for against the pane wa. pressed the white scowling face of Olive Magub. {To be coitlinvrd.) 