HITS AND BITS. —, ~M Hard to beatf— A wet carpet, '.\ Wile : What do you thiak of Bridget's cook- % ing. . Husband ; I tbink if sho tried to boil -?§ water she'd burn it ? ** ie ? ? V ? 1 She (sentimentally) : What poetry thi re is in T| a fire. He (sadlv) : Yes, a great.deal of my ~M noetry has gone there. . 1 .*??* ' J The worst cases of incompatibility of temper 3 occur when both parties have the same kind of temper and plenty of it! . _ ' ♦ ? ' '? ' ♦ ? ? -- 1 He : I wonder why it's said to bo a man, and : not a woman, we see in the moo» ? She (with emphasis) : Hecause he slays out all night. ' Mamma, what is classical muBic P' ' Oh, don't you know ? It's the kind that you have to like whether you like it or uot.' ? *?* ? ?- 9- First Doctor (in the nesr future): Goud pho tograph, isn't it P. -Second Doctor : Fairly good,* flattens the left luug a little, I'think.'^ v ? A much-worried parent with nine - grand* daughters depicts love as : ' Two beads with butasiugle thought, two fools ' that act like one.' ? . - * * She : That is Mr. Gamboge, the artist. He is wedded to bis art He : Judging from his appearance, I should say (hat his didu't marry lor mouey. ? : ? * * *- \- He : Don't you think, dearest, that tho Rev. * Dr. Rober is the bent man to marry us ? She (three times a. widow) -. I tbink so, dear. I've ulways bad him. v ' You want to keep jour nye on the woman's bwinets,1' says an item in a fashion paper. No, '? we don't want to, but under certain conditions, dear editor, we' have to. * * ? Guest (to whom tbe waiter has brought an . - extremely dirty bill of fare) : By Jove, that's an excelltut idea— samples of tbe different dishes sb&wu; on tbe menu. * « ? ? ? . - When a camel is kept for a long time without food, its hump disappears. This is where a camel differs from a iflao, who under similar :--~ circumstances gets thu hump. ? v Proud Father : That is a sunset my daughter painted. She studied painting abroad, you know. Friend : Ah, tbat explains it. I never saw a sunset like that in Ibis country. Mother : How is it that you get so many bad marks at school ? Little Boy : ? Well, the teacher has got to mark somebody, or else people will ' tbink Bhe ain't attending to her business. -???'-. ? '?* ? , '? .'. ' Are you raarrii d ?' said the manager to a man who was looking for a situation. '? No, air.' ' Then 1 can't employ you, .. We find that married men know bt tter how to obey than bachelors.'1 : ? . V ? . ' You muso't be saucy, Fanny,' said the maiden aunt to the little girl. ' No one will ' J love you if you are.' ' Were you saucy when you were a little girl, aunty ?' asked the guile less child. - ' ' ' . *?* ' Here's a letter from Isahelle. She says she's going to be married,' ' Well, it's about time. If she did not change ber last Dime, it would be necessary to change (he first to WasabeUe.' ? . Old Drywater : My boy, in all creation you non't find any animal except man wbo.makrs a babitof smoking. Young Puffs : Yes, sir, but neither do 1 know any other animal fh«t coots liis meals 1 Daughter : This piano is really my very own, isn't it, pa ? Pa : Yes, my dear. ' And when I marry I can teke it with me, can I p' ' Certainly, my child ; but don't tell any one. it might spoil your chances.' Success Ensured. — She : I am surprised tbat her father consented. Be : 1 had two eets of references, you see. Oue for the old man tbat I was a paragon of, virtue and industry, and another for the girl I hat I was an awful scamp. At the Masquerade. — Lot tie t From this time I shall believe in ghosts. , Tottie : Why so ? Lottie : You know tbat ' widower '' wbo has been devotiug himself lo me all the evening P Well, bis dead wife appeared just now and took him home. *#* Friend (to middle-aged golf-player) : Hallo, old chap ! So you ore going to get married ? Congratulations, I'm sure !— Middle-aged Golf Flayer : Congratulatioes t Oh, .it isn't like tbat at all. Taylor, tbe champion, took a wife some time ego, and it seems to bave improved his game, so I'm going to try it. 