OUR S T 0 E Y . THREE EPISODES. By Mary Cross in the Ave Maria. I. The year was opening with a sharp wind and a heavy sky ; hungry birds loomiug large against the snow, and a fog slowly as serting itself over all. People who ; had been sighing for " a good old- : » 1 v . . j) 1 1 .1. ? iasuiouea winDer jerKeu uneir; chairs fire-ward, pettishly wonder-; ing how much longer we should : be expected to stand this sort, of; weather. A train was just about to leave Fairford, and the solitary occu pant of a certain compartment had- opened his magazine and begun its perusal, when another man came running along, jumped in, bangwd the door, tos<?ed a valise on to the rack, flung a stick and umbrella to the right, a bundle of journals to the left, dropping himself between, and then arranging his rug in 'a series of tempestuous flaps and., jerks. " My good man, you should have had a compartment to yourself," observed the occupant. " How dare you call me a good man ?" was the answer. "I withdraw the expression,. Heatou. I am suie I don't know how I came to make such a mis take." " Halloo, it's Latimer ! And where are you going ? Not to Ormskirk, not to old Turner's ? " Latimer assented. " What is taking you there ? " " Mr. Turner's invitation, backed by my own inclination." " Exactly my position. I wonder if the long arm of coincidence stretches any farther, and if you also are going to renew the siege of the pretty heiress ? " " Yciur also admits a good deal," replied Latimer dryly ; arid the other laughed, poking at a refrac tory cigar with his knife, as if to J cover a certain amount of con fusion. " Matrimony is like a smoking weed," said Heatou, reflectively. " If it's begun badly, it goes on badly, and all the scraping and re arranging in the world won't put it right." "And not like a cigar. For once you have begun it, you must go on with it, and can't throw it aside because it has proved a failure." " The moral would seem to be : "Don't interfere between me and Alice Marsden." , " But really is : Goodness for bid that Alice Marsden should have anything to do with you." " Our interpretations certainly differ," said Heaton. " However, my dear fellow, you haven't the ghost of a chance now. You were engaged to the girl, and broke it off — had your chance and lost it. It's my innings now, and you had better think twice before you in terfere in my business. Besides, as a generous fellow — or at least posing as such- — you might con sider me a little." " I have considered you a good deal lately, Heaton ; and the re sult is that I mean to end my silly quarrel with Alice if I can. If I had no concern for her happiness, no love for her, no desire to win her for my wife, I should, never theless, find some way of protect ing her from your unmanly schemes and letting her guardian know your utter unworthiness. If he had any suspicion that you are an un principled gambler, pursuing his ward for your own selfish ends, he would, never have permitted you even to address her. It may become my duty to tell him what you are." "I may make it the worse for you, Master Phil, if you attempt to takeaway my character." " JNo one. is at all nxeiy to want to "rob you of that," returned ; Latimer, significantly; he leaned back in his cbrrier, and resumed his readiug, without saying any thing more. It is six months since what he had justly called a silly quarrel had separated him froth Alice Marsden, a pretty, high-spirited young hei ress. A little jealousy on his side, a little temper on hers, one sharp word leading to another still more sharp, and Philip wakened one morning to find himself, not famous, but free. Alice had re turned engagement ring, letters, and all, thus definitely and de cidedly ending his vague hope of reconciliation. His pride most d.eeply wounded, he had made no appeal, no attempt to see her; but had buried himself alive in a Welsh village, chaining himself to desk and pen, and thanking Providence for a thought-compelling, all- absorbing occupation. Still, be tween him and the written page Alice's fair face would intrude; amongst his pen and ink heroines her graceful figure would come and go; and he recognised the truth that she was dearer than ever to I. 1 \Tmh kin Ikwk n r» rl l/\n/V. l) 1 111 nur vycio ins iuvo auu iuug- ing anywise lessened when he heard that Harry Heaton, a former rival, and a reckless, dissipated fellow,, was renewing his suit with vigour. Old Mr. Turner, of Ormskirk,. was fond of gathering round . hi m young and clever people; and they were equally foud of visiting at his charming house — a relic of past ages, with oak panels galore, and a priest's hiding-place in the thick ness of the walls. Twice a, year, at least, the same happy circle met— budding artists, coming composers, rising musicians. Latimer, who had already scored success as an author, was a favou rite with the old gentleman, who had set aside one room as a stud for hi 111 ; declaring that ever after ward it should remain unaltered, and that future generations would flock thither as to Stratford — or Thrums. When the usual kindly invitation came, asking him to spend the first fortnight of the new year with his old friend, Philip had promptly accepted. He was almost certain to meet Alice; and, amidst scenes of former hap piness, might hope to sue for par don with success. He could not believe that she had wholly banished him from her heart. H. The long drawingroom was aglow with chrysanthemums of every hue. Yellow and mauve and crimson, bronze, and white, clustered in banks of splendid bloom, Mr. Turner's pride. As welcome a sight as the beautiful flowers were the smiling faces and bright eyes of his guests. He entered into their amusements and aDDreciated their aims with a rare sympathy ; they never remem bered that he was an old man un til they needed advice on some point where experience was likely to be of use. Miss Marsden had arrived half an hour ago, and was trying not to remember how Phil Latimer had been the life and soul of for mer similar gatherings, at least to her, when she heard someone jest ingly remark : " Oh, here comes Latimer, look ing as if he thought ten thousand blossoms should leap from their stalks to offer him a button-hole !" Mr. Turner bent over Miss Marsden with a pleasant smile. "I forgot to mention that Phil Latimer, was here," he murmured. " But, of course, you don't mind. It is so long since you quarrelled with him that I had almost for gotten about it, as I . dare say you and he have done." As Philip advanced, Alice glanced keenly at him, and their eyes met. His very anxiety made him grave and pale, which she raiscontrued into proud and cold; consequently she received him with an airy indifference, more painful to him than open avoid- ance'or ostentatious stiffness would have been. Ha was understood to be working very hard at a new book, his "magnum opus"; and to the majority this accounted for his absence of mincband the loss of his former gay spirits. Before the day was over, Alice had arrived at a different conclu sion. He had sat beside her for the space of fifteen minutes, and during that lengthy interval his hand had rested on the arm of her chair. From this trifling incident rose the chance of change, the possibility of explanation, the gol den hope that he might care for her yet. Truly in the kingdom of love, too, one must become as a little child. One memorable evening Alice went upstairs, almost dancing with delight, eager to look her best in the eyes of him who was extending the olive-branch in every tone, expression and gesture. Across the gulf of pain and parting, love should again clasp hands with love. As she passed his study door she saw that it was half open. Hitherto it had always been closed, and she could not resist the temp tation of peeping in. A cheerful robni; it was, with easy chairs, a profusion of flowers, a standing army of books ready to take the field at a moment's notice ; a tall screen, 'and a writing table, with desk: and pen, and closely- written sheets, telling of an unwearied industry. A sudden fancy struck her. She drew from her belt the cluster of snowy blossoms she had been wearing, and laid them on the desk where his hand had rested. He would know who had placed them there, would understand their meaning, would realise that she responded to his wish for the breach to be closed. Then she withdrew. Some time elapsed before her toilette was completed and her hair arranged to her satisfaction ; but at last she was about to de scend when she heard Latimer ascending. He went to his study, and a minute later uttered an ex clamation, not of pleasure, but dismay. Involuntarily she fol lowed him. The desk was open, and a flood of ink had been poured into it ; torn ' fragments of blotted paper were scattered over the floor, and a huge ink jar lay empty beside the ruined MS., the work of so many months. The shock had driven the colour from his lips. Alice, ton. tnrned nale as she j realised what had happened. " Who has done this ?" she ,gasped. "I do not know," he replied, like a man stunned. "Everything was right about two hours ago. " The question is, who has been in this room since ?" Alice started ; she grew paler still. . "I was here, Mr. Latimer." "You!" "Yes; less than an hour ago." Her cheeks flamed, her eyes fell, heavy with tears. "I have never ceased to regret my haste and anger, Philip ; and I — I wanted to let you know. So I left my flowers on your desk here. But indeed, I did not do this wicked and cruel thing. Oh you do believe me, do you not ?" " Of course I do ! Even with out your assistance. I am certain that you know no more of this than I do myself. Where are those flowers ?" They had fallen to the ground. As he raised them and held them to his lips, someone called to Alice; and half weeping, half laughing, she fled. Philip sat down, resting his head upon his hands ; for at first the magnitude of his loss and of his gain overwhelmed him. His patient labour was destroyed, his time lost, the fruit of study swept away. But love had been given back. All at once he heard a noise in the quiet room — a sound in stantly suppressed. Next moment, he had crossed to the tall screen, his blood on fire; and a man half crouching, half kneeling, uplifted his guilty, frightened face. m. Stars were twinkling in the clear, frosty sky, like a fairy crown. Cold and pure, the- moon beams streamed over a white world. Alice Marsden, complain ing of a headache, and muffled in, a warm wrap, had stepped forth to tle porch ; and as Philip Latimer followed her, meaning smiles were exchanged. Mr. Turner whis pered : "So passed he, ghost like to his doom. I always knew it would all come right in the end." Alice looked wistfully and anx iously at Philip as he stood beside her. " What else has happened ?" she asked. "The solving of the mystery. It was Heaton who destroyed my MS.j and 1 have given him a small portion of what he deserves. He is not likely to cross my path again. He was hiding in the study, and I got a confession from him at the point of the bayonet, so to speak. He had seen you go in and leave a token of your visit, and it occurred to his fertile brain that, the breach between us might be irrevocably widened. He de stroyed my work, meaning that suspicion should fall on you. Of course he meant to leave the scene himself, but I came upon it before he had time to do more than hide. No doubt he calculated on our mutual quick tempers to aid his scheme. He did not know that I know you too well to suspect you of anything mean and base, no matter what might be the seeming evidence to the contrary. Alice, will you forgive me my past un- kindness, my bitter words, my unreasoning jealousy ?" " On one condition." " And what is that "That you forgive me my share in what made us both very un happy." 