A LIFE SENTENCE. HEY had come out to gether on the lawn from the room that was too small to hold two men and their anger. Mildenhall's sudden rage had kept him as yet from realising the full meaning of the torn letter which had fallen ; from the lace at his fife's bosom as she left he dinner-table three : minutes befor?. „ She had swept ^ away, trailing her silks after her, uncon'scio us. ; Every fresh '.. thought flushed ' his face anew, ari-I *=- his fingers convm 5^ sively crumpled or rolled the \- scraps of paper that he clung to with both hands. 'Oh, you scoun drel! Oh, you d — scoundrel!' The half-light Crorn the drawn blinds fell on the letter — the foolish letter, in Kingsniark's handwriting — and fell, too, on Kingsmark's white, hardened face, that seemed to peer with a piteous curiosity at what so little time ago was the face of his friend. His friend, his dear old friend, whom he had so basely betrayed — and that not for love's sake, but in the climax of a series of weak conces sions to the foolish passion of his friend's wife. The broken voice went on, sounding wearily, like the voice of one who has spoken a long time. 'And if anyone had told me, Jack — only five minutes back — before I ? that you ? Oh, you d ? scoundrel!' ? At the fresh blaze of wrath, Kingsmark put up his arm instinctively. 'Keep off,' he said, speaking for the first time. The action put a new thought into Milden hall's madness. With a scream like an animal in pain, the big yellow-bearded man threw himself upon Kingsmark, and hurled him to the ground. As they rolled over together, Kingsmark felt hands at his throat. His eyes swam in his head — the clutch released for an instant, and before it tightened again, his fingers found what they sought in his breast-pocket. Mildenliall was kneeling on him and laughing -hysterically. Speech was impossible to Kings mark — he tried it; then, forgetting everything but that life and senses were leaving him, he struck upward with all his ebbing force. A tremor ran through the fingers at his throat, and their clasp was loosened. He struggled to his knees. Evelyn Mildenhall seemed to be sitting against, the tulip bank, with his head thrown back and his beard pointing upward, just as it used to do when he let off his great peal of laughter at some jest of his friend's. 'Evelyn!' No answer. Then the blood rushed into the forehead of the man who realised now what he had done. He stepped back into the house and threw on his hat and Inverness. When he returned, he leaned over Mildenhall and strok ed his hair with his hand. The man was dead, but the man who had killed him could not think of that now. All his senses were strangely alive to trifles. Through the open window he could see the dining rcom as they had left it — the chairs thrust back, the cigar-box open on the table, the wine still in the glasses. One of the two who had sat there was dead — the one who was alive hardly knew which. The turf was wet. Had a shower fallen ? At dinner she had complained of the heat, and languidly predicted, rain. Mildenhall's head, ly ing back like that, must be crushing one of the tulips. Naturally an unobservant man, Kings mark noticed for the first time that tulip-cups shut at night Something was shining at Mildenhall's breast. The silver figure of a contadina hafting the sti letto that slew him'. Why was there not more blood? Kingsmark had bought that stiletto and the silver candlesticks now on the table within, the day the two came away from Pisa, at the end of that long holiday in the sun. . He could leave it there safely. No man had looked at it since but he and the dead man who now had it in his heart. He took his eyes .from the hilt, shut them, and turned away his head. When he opened them again he stopped to pick up something 'white from the turf — a torn letter — on whose tumed-up corner he read 'Darling Hetty.' „ Thrusting this into his waistcoat pocket, he went down the avenue with head bent, his boots crunching the moist gravel on the path, now lit up and spangled by the moonlight. Hisxsld friend ? Long ago they had sworn that the one who died first should return to meet and greet the other on his way. Kingsmark wished that this couid be, for then his last memory of his friend would be a reproachful face— better memory than the white throat thrown back in the moonlight. He shuddered, and reached out his hands as he walked, as one does struggling to break a night mare. Someone was speaking. He had walked into the little lane of a light cast by a policeman's lantern. ^'Goodnight,' he answered in his dream. 'Looks like more rain, sir.' 'I fear so,' said Kingsmark, and hurried on to escape the coming shower. His old friend! He almost felt the accustomed arm. thrown across his shoulder. No thought of flight; he was tired, and to morrow showed dimly at the end of the- long sleep awaiting him. Mildenhall had always walked tnas road with him, and now Mildenhall was dead Kingsmark wished he was dead, too— but perhaps that was only part of the craving for sleep which oppressed him. But it was his first definite thought since Mildenhail, cigar in mouth, had picked the torn letter from the floor under the emn^y chair at the table head.. Another policeman was standing at his gate when Kingsmark fitted his latch-key to the lock. Kingsmark wondered at the strange voice with which he gave goodnight to this man. When he had lighted a candle in his bedroom he leaned his hands on the dressing-table and looked long and curiously at the white face that stared athimoutof the mirror's dark depths. It was interesting to see the face of a man w]i0 had He threw himself on the bed at the last pitch of exhaustion. * * * * Knock— knock— knock! What was it— was some one making a coffin? Hammer— hammer— ham- mer! No; it was someone at the front door and a bell was clanging loudly in the empty kitchen. Kingsmark instinctively tore off his coat and put ou a dressing-gown before he went down. As he shot back the heavy bolts of the front aoof he was conscious of a light through the ground glass, and of voices without. 'Well, what's up?' he was surprised to hear himself say as he saw two policemen standing on the doorstep. The night smelled sweet of wet earth and leaves. 'Mr. Mildenhall, sir— he's dead, sir— mur- dered.' 'Good God!' Kingsmark leaned against the door-post, fighting for breath to say, 'I killed nim.' . .. 'Yes, sir. In his front garden— a knife in his heart, sir,' put in the other policeman. Kinggmark rubbed fiis hand across his eyes and looked at it as if he expected to see something on it. — -e 'I was asleep,' he said. 'You see,' went on the policeman, apologeti cally, 'we came to you through you being so well known to be -his best friend— and having been seen with him last of all.' 'What?' said Kingsmark. 'Why. sir, sure you're heavy with sleep, or you'd remember meeting us as usual, and us giving you good-night, sir— don't you recollect?' 'You saw me walking with Mr. Mildenhall to night?' 'Yes, eir ; of course I did. Come, sir rouse yourself.' ' Kingsmark held his two hands over his head and-said: « %. 'Tell -jne again.' 'Again and again, sir,' answered the man, with same temper. 'I saw Mm and' you as usual, and I saw him leave you at your door; and I saw him go back home and I saia good-night, but he never ^ answered. '..' And then we saw tlie light and the window open, and went. in and found the Boor gentleman stone dead .on his own lawn with his head among the tulips.':- .. - .,!'? ? ... . ?_-? Kingsniark's hands tightened their clasp. The dead, maii had kept :'tes promise then, and had walk ed with him tTmt nSght. A ghost had paced by his sid^— a ghost's arm had Tain on ttfs shoulder— a ghost had come -back — the murdered man had saved the murderer. How curious! Kingsmark burst out lan^Hing, and fell at the policeman's feet* . They roused him — or what was left of him'. The best part of him lay on the lawn among the l tulips. A stupid sense of clinging to life with both hands possessed him. Mildenhall had saved his life; he dared not throw it away. He was con demned to live. He went through an inquest — or dreamed he did — answering questions mechan ically, with a growing wonder to find his an swers believed. What fools people were! And he the greatest fool of all. His old friend! Kingsmark thinks he went mad a little after this. They called it brain fever'. When he got better he tried to tell himself Mildenhall was not dead — had grne to a far country. But even that last rag — the one thing that let any meaning re main to life — was torn from him, for Milden hall's widow came to see him. 'My darling,' she cried, throwing her arms round him, 'how terrible all this has been, but I am all your own now.' He did not answer, but she felt the repulsion of denial in the contact of him. The eammonplace, pretty face, framed in the yellow hair and widow's bonnet, darkened. Then she spoke, reasonably, softly, with the little lisp Mildenhall had loved to hear. 'Jack, dear, of oourse M's very ebocking and all that. But really it ought to bring us together. Why should it part us?' He drew himself up and laid his dry lips against her little red mouth. This, too, was part of his lie sentence. 'Why, indeed?' he said with a shiver. And sat with his head bowed in the shadov - the night coming. — E. Nesbitt and Oswald Barron in 'S.F. Argo naut.' 