AARON'S SERPENT. Bv EDMUND FINN. (The Author reserves the right of diomalisottion ) ENGLAND. CHAPTEB I. THE TKI'MJ' C',S](D SI1UTLEI) AN]) DEALT. 'i'UKKH is no necessity to describe in detail the great fancy /We which was given at Prittiwood Hall hv the Countess of Blankington, for its introduction to this story is merely as 111 c preliminary scciu; in which several persons met whose after lives were closelv and tragically intertwined. The admitted belle of that f< tr was Agnes Harcourt. an orphan with no relative but her brother, William, who with his sister had been left in comfortable, 1 hough not allluent, circumstances. Agnes was fair, oeli e and pretty, with soft, liquid, languishing blue eyes. She was one of those fragile-looking women who, whilst they wear the appearance of being framed but to be the toys of strong men. have strength of will and tenacity of purpose denied to more regally imposing beauties. When the need arises it is the. little woman that rules her Hercules of a husband, that can undergo sleepless nights of watching and nursing at the sickbed jid resolutely face foes or endure hardships for the «ake of'those she loves, her husband or her children. -Men fall in love with such dainty creatures for their delicate beauty ; in after life lliev are worshipped for their whole-souled, though perhaps not demonstrative, affection for their husbands and children. Beneath the external prettiness of the Dresden china order is the nature of the tigress that only knows her lord and cubs. There were two persons at the lYittiwood Jele who were anxious to become the lord and master of Amies Harcourt. These were the cousins Walter and (Gilbert Bahnain, As this story is to be n plain narrative of events that took place, and does not aim at keeping the reader in ignorance of the character and disposition of any of the tlramni-; per-oinr. it may be stated at once that (Gilbert Balmain was what is known as a desperate man who would stop at nothing and stoop to anything to achieve his puniose. He had two purposes to achieve now, and his cousin Walter was the obstacle to both. Gilbert Bahnain desiicd to become the Earl of Beaufoy, and he desired Agnes Harcourt for his counters. Often had he said to himself as he pondered over these desires of his : " She has set her heart upon my cousin, and he is in love with her, but Walter must look elsewhere fora wife—or remain a bachelor. Matrimony is a fearfully long price to pay for one woman, but as 1 cannot get her cheaper I suppose I shall have to pay it. Things do not look very promising at present, but I must trust to my evil demon to clear the outlook for me. The old earl, my bacheloruncle, is dying in the south of France. Walter will inherit, and as my elder brother, the cranky, crack- brained inventor, (lied in America, there is but one life between nie and the earldom, between me and Agnes Harcourt. One life—Walter Balmain's. All men are mortal, my cousin amongst the rest." Little did Walter Balmain look like an heir to a title and the accepted lover of pretty Agnes as he sought out his cousin when he came to thvf••(,<-. He had an anxious, careworn look, such as is rarely seen on the face of a happy lover of four-andt weuty, "What is the meaning of that terrible note 1 received-from you this morning': ll has well nigh driven me mad. 1 don't remember what took plate at the club last night. After a certain time it seems all a horrid dream."' It was thus in hurried tones-that he snoke to Gilbert as soon as he found him. * " Aiy dear fellow," sneered (Gilbert, " so far as forging your uncle's name is concerned. I can assure you that it was no dream, but a stern reality, as Captain Sharper, who holds the bill, is likely to find out when it becomes due." A spasm of pain crossed Walter's face as he almost sobbed in his agony— "1 remember something of last night, but it is for the most part confused and indistinct. Fuddled with wine, I was persuaded to play ; I who had never gambled in mv life. Oh. Gilbert, why, windid you propose that accursed game ':" " My dear boy, you were a free agent." " I was not,' : angrily retroted the other. " There must have been some damned drug in the wine that robbed me of my senses. I remember for a time, at any rate, that I played and lost to your blacklegfriend,but I have no recollection of writing mv uncle's name—110 recollection whatever." 'Gilbert shrugged his shoulders as he remarked— " I can easily believe that. 1 don't suppose you recollect anything after about eleven o'clock, and you played until two this morning." " Fool, madman that 1 was," groaned the other. " Why did you stand by and let me do this dreadful thing? ' You should have stopped me at any hazard." " Am I my cousin's keeper?" retorted Gilbert ; then, changing his sneering tone for one of sympathy, he added, "I could not prevent you ; besides, the family honour was at stake. If you had not done as you did, you would have been known at the club 'as a defaulter." " What matter?" he sighed wearily to himself. Better that than know myself as a criminal." '' Nonsense, man," said Gilbert, still sympathetic: " you take a sickly-sentimental view of the matter. Look at the position square in the face and the danger is more imaginary than real. Your uncle— our uncle—is a childless bachelor with a disease which is fortunately incurable. He is away 011 the Continent, and can never return until he comes back in a box. There was never any pretence of affection between us and him. He has behaved shabbily to all of us (hiring !.. !•!••s>n> starve. He would leave 1.* -taiv<death if he could, but i'm iuimi. ly m- y"- 1 the estates are entailed ami ]•.!!•>•.> I hi' !itl ' can't keep either from about borrowing your unci.- > you that that kind of thin.L 1 very best families. Long liei.r • " uncle will be in hell and you v. of a title and about uvenu '. can then buy up the bill : ai the wiser." win I oinl ,,i,„l\ vil! "I will," replied Waltn the degrading knowledge ti, ,- ! . within the reach of the law. "Which is not of the :-l said Gilbert, "so long as 1. i; 1 \\\ lill'iWS Crime? We are all criminals umrallj, legally. We rob wherever our butchers and baker.- —and our tradesmen H- opportunity of robbing 11- ' goods, giving us short v, -. pretences. Civilisation isov the art of successful husiix••-- and genteelly—and keep ' respected man is lie who into his neighbour's po<-;.' ' through a handcuff. Walter had 110 mind foi ' thought in his mind waeven when deprived of In—- a crime. Gilbert eyed inputting his arm through r.ispacious grounds, seeking "And how prosper.- " Agnes?" Walter started and flu a blow in the face. Whai if she knew the ghastly " Has she promised to ••• future Earl of Beaufoy ? His cousin with i: 11 t.ikc • iHlUMHttUgJ ::! Ill llil- ,1. P !,i, I liilJ'I ii' oil ii tin 1,- i-hiotld q i-.mly. \- him i' ilM : with i' 1 in- 1, j,,. -iiini- i ,1 in i< ircsent the thought of his crime and promised that some day she will I-flifi.'. hut slie does not know that I am J title- She loves me for myself alone— ,'Vou are?" interjected his torturer ; r«':itlci!iaii or as a forger ?" * flush rose again, and he made a step j ]]jfi cousin, but restrained himself, "rip" t to remind me. I must redeem 1iilf before I speak to her again. I will •ids and raise the money somehow. I „„• till I get the document, and then I sail my folly to her." 'of triumph was 011 Gilbert Bal 3 as he led his cousin about the various ground where they would be least . into contact with Agnes Harcourt, pgnnrse'ess and kindless villain thought to cluck', cousin, Walter, you have to wait jve possession of that bill before you Harcourt your wife, my disdainful locks will be bleached to silver in iv years. I hold that bill, and it is ncerd, as you will discover before my hand fewt." B ihe. numerous entertainments and novelj the Countess of Blankington had pro her guests, the real sensation of the furnished from outside and came j medium of a London attorney, Mr. the iirm of Docker aud Locker, who haste to see Mr. Walter Bahnain Bahnain no longer, for the incurable two days before carried the cliildless [ Earl of Beaufoy off to another world, r was now free to reign in his stead, cflod," said Walter, when he heard the 1 1 can get back that cursed bill at . 1 am rich." Iwitli a smile that Gilbert volunteered to •eliminary steps at once, ee. He found it lit matter to fan Walter's resolve not to jrcourt until he had settled the matter of i bill, and the two cousins quietly left the 's spread like wildfire amongst the'guests, and.was received with pleasure by ally . • Bahnain, although hitherto a poor with an unproductive profession," 1 was and had many friends who honestly the young fellow's stroke' of forturiey tlie"acciunuiated"m^su?e of sun of Agnes Harcourt's h<rt>pniess karued.that her lover and ~ alii ai lced^hiifc-ji suddenly become rich and noble? ShCT - into a summerhouse lest any \- - of the ould note the tears of happiness . :.and : to Heaven which filled her eyes, had never led her to believe that some mid succeed to great wealth aud a title, jsjjlad that he had concealed the fact from lie knew that she had . - loved him for - Sslone, that he had wooed and won her as a gentleman. There was something of the I-tiuie. romance in his wooing under these instances, aud the romance gave to her love ilobis a beautifying halo which did not usually s irouml the courtships of the nineteenth To licr he was more noble as the simple- EHuin! than as the wealthy earl. As she sat 1 from view, she prayed that the course of r love might ever Am smooth, and that no «f sorrow or sin should ever cross their 'ill the others will have congratulated Walter is time I offer mine, the sweetest of all, (true lover." moving the traces of her emotion, she l Karl Beaufoy in the grounds, but learned For an instant a shade of dis- i gone. Jntnumt showed ou the face. Pffis is selfish," she thought; "he has no doubt 'imy with the lawyer-there may be business nalities to be attended to at once. He will Home this evening." it, siIO waited up until late that night, : to herself that he would come soon. But she retired to rest close upon midnight had not come, and with a prayer for him auk to sloop, murmuring— 1 shall see my love to-morrow." ' to-morrow, nor to-morrow, nor for many rows was she to see her love. . it was in a far-away land. And Walter licr not. When next she CHAPTER IL Tin; TRUMP CARD PLAYED. ®KT HALM A IN had one uuredeeming virtue— t any rate thorough in his villainy. He ' nominally a solicitor, but he did very little Msiocss. He had, however, two of the necesfeof the legal profession—an office aud a clerk. jw clerk was a confirmed sot who had almost Whimself into Balmain's service, and who was ' to him for the reason that he could be u 1'MI to perform any dirty work at the I °f his master. At times that master had - ."•"sy feeling about his clerk. Grepe, as he !Cal l «, had a sottish way of muttering to him- 1 1 tunes, — whilst at other _ times Gilbert — found in-tl-ih.. . i • *ji i . il..^ '""kina at him with strange eyes that gave or a lit of "the creeps." " ™ There was about Grepe's face, too, that was "fwnt of some past event in Gilbert Balmain's ' tllt r try as he would he could not fix that 11 If the scoundrelly solicitor's plans were to Mas l)c intended that they should, he felt " be jvould have no further use for Grepe, aud fought that he saw a way of disposing of his sand,.™,..:.. 1 cousin at the same time. li. , two 1 iirds w i t h °ue stone," he remarked, Ifasaatlv, to himself, l,i,v>=0lf as cc he 0<vt. sat ill 1„-K his nffi™ office on the 'jflfter the fete, carefully concocting ' • in a ® hand the following brief note from "sharper:— J l 5 l 't Balmain, Esq.—Sir,—I liave just asceru 'at the bill which I received from your 1 , s a forgery. Under the circumstances I to l >e a duty that I owe to society to place the matter in the hands of the police and have a warrant issued for his arrest at once." Gilbert Balmain, Esq., read and re-read this pretty specimen of penmanship with great gusto aud chuckled over it. Whilst waiting for Walters expected visit he set himself to work on thedrinksoddened Grepe. He knew his man and had little hesitation in speaking out. The cold-blooded scoundrel's proposition was that Grepe should take a trip to Australia. " I dare say I can persuade inv cousin to accompany you," said Bahnain. "I want the puppy out of England, and I should not be sorrv if he were out of the world." He pointed out to Grepe—who, drunk as he was, was amazed at the cool manner in which he talked murder—that it was an easy thing for a passenger flying from justice to commit suicide by jumping overboard. A dark night, a stroll on deck for a quiet cigar, a little push and—then there was one passenger the less. The jjlan was absolutely safe, and Grepe was to have £500 for going to Australia, aud a similar sum if he arrived in Melbourne without his fellow passenger. Mr. Grepe readily consented, and Gilbert Bahnain felt easy in his niind. Had he known his drunken clerk better he would not have been so sanguine of the success of his murderous scheme. In happy ignorance of the fierce hatred and thirst for revenge in Grepe's breast he gave him full instructions and despatched him to secure two passages by the first boat sailing for the distant Australia. Walter Balmaiu, Lord Beaufoy, had passed a terrible night of reinurse and unrest. The effects of the drugged liquor still clouded his reason, whilst it irritated his brain, as persons to whom chloroform has been administered have a dazed, strange feeling for many hours afterwards. All through the night he was racked by remorse, not unlike accursed a night did Walter pass, and when he rose from his restless couch it was with shattered nerves and in that pitiable state of mind to make him an easy prey for the designs of his cousin, who, acting alternately on his fears aud his remorse, might have persuaded the conscience-stricken aud " rundown" wretch to anything, even self-murder, . In less than half-an-hour, when he called at Ins -cp'usiii's office as appointed, Gilbert had reduced him to a state bordering upon mental collapse. By atfcful. references to the possibility of the police beip^klready ^ on his track he threw him into a bordering upon insanity, and he readily consc anted Lo fall In with Gilbert's suggestion that he fl) Ifflifld'lic -r in hiding ^ until ,, next day, ... when the . hhl , ^WTwpuld start for Melbourne. He was in such a state^iaf he had no idea where Melbourne was. But Gilbert- would see Agnes at once, and make \- - - - • once when it was safe to return. A wretched object Walter Balmain, Lord Beaufoy, looked and 1_ _ _1 11 J „,.i.K / '..Attn i A rt + n u h in. felt as he skulked off with Grepe to a little publichouse to hide until Grepe should call for him, and they should embark. It was a busy day with Mr. Gilbert Balmain, for about an — hour after ,, , Walter had -J taken i i his i depar- ~n ture Agnes, fearful of some accident had been able to bear the suspense no longer, and failing to liml Walter at his office or at his lodgings went straight to Gilbert's. Grepe, who had returned showed her in, and, as was his custom, listened attentively to what took place. It was a stormy interview, l'eehng _ sate r " " to the impossibility of Walter's return, he told the astonished and distracted girl the story with additions and with brutal candour. Walter had been compelled to fly the country, and the police were already on his track, as he was " wanted " for the forgery of his uncle's name. He had fled to America, and could never return unless to become .. the occupant of a prison cell, " Tt It is'an a 1,fi 8,1C " infamous lie !" she cried, passionately. •'I'll not believe it until 1 hear it from his own lips. I and my brother will seek him out." Gilbert Balmain laughed softly. " America is a very large place, Miss Harcourt, he sneered. <lT,.. "If it were twice as large, 'she replied, ill find him." , Whilst the interview was taking place Grepe was chuckling and scribbling on a sheet of paper these words: "There is not a word of truth in what Gilhert Balmain says. Believe nothing against his cousin, for Walter Balmain sails in the Ed King for Melbourne, Australia, aud I go with lnm. As Agnes indignantly left the place Grepe slipped the paper into her hand. CHAPTER HI. EDISON'S PARTNER. BUT even with Miss Harcourt's departure Mr. Gilbert Balmain's busy day did not cease. Gicpc in one room was getting ready the few things necessary for his departure, and his employer was S T g £ another ruminating and building castles in the air with the pleased look of one who sees his , fc h within measurable distance of tulfibnent j£e did not take Agnes' assertion tUat sue would uIJ „Q go t o America, as M serious. When . the , , , wuum Walter g "Balmain's sad death , should , ii arrive oi-i'ivn lie n naa uo doubt that she would listen to his addresses ^ ^ t h e glorious diance of becoming ^""ntes"^ 'Beaufoy." He had no doubt on that ^ c 0™ ud l,e could afford to wait until he assumed t, HVie With Walter Balmain dead tba wouia " ® redlv be his-no one could keep him out of £hftt f h e pleased expression upon his face diea a w a^ ^ Grepe entering announced— "Mr. W. Godfrey OTUUCJ Balmain." . , ,, , . H i s elder brother, the cranky inventor that * em. , » :„„ rlnn/1 alive : the man who wouia, t Anierica, the dead aliv-^, —~ —7 , , t0 inthe event 1 Walter Balmain dying succeed to the title. Gilbert turned alternately hotand cold brother warmly. The latter could not conceal hie agitation as he stammered out — "I—I thought you were dead." "Of course you did, Gil/' said the brother, cheerily: " I thought so myself when I read the account of the accident, and of my own death in t he papers. Why, what is the matter? You are deathly white and shaking all over. Ah, I see, the unexpected shock of seeing me alive. I should have written, I suppose, but I wanted to give you a pleasant surprise." A pleasant surprise! " Anyway, old fellow, I am 110 ghost. I've come baek alive, and, what's more, Gil, some of my cranky inventions, as vou used to call them, are going to turn up trumps and are going to bring me in a pot of money. You did not know, of course, that over there in America some of inv inventions have been great successes." * His brother was not listening to him. Gilbert Balmain's brain was occupied bv dark thoughts. Grepe, who was in the room, took far more interest in the newcomer's conversation. " Y e s , Gil," continued Godfrey, " I've dabbled in all sorts of inventions—been partners with Edison in several things, mostly applications of electricity, you know. I'll show you one that I've brought over with me to get patented here. It's the new loud-sounding phonograph, works with a small battery, yet speaks out louder than any yet known." Still Gilbert heard him not, as the inventor knelt down and began to unstrap his portmanteau, " A funnygraph did you say ?'' asked Grepe. "Yes, sir," said Godfrey, "that's the famous talking machine that, you have read about. That is the machine that will embalm ' the sound of a voice that is still.' Anything that is spoken to it it may be made to repeat afterwards, even a hundred funnygraph, for it's the funniest graph I ever heard of. But," turning to Gilbert, who started when addressed, "times flying, governor. I'm ready to start." " Yes, yes," muttered Gilbert, hoarsely. " Here is the money." He went to a safe and taking a roll of notes from it handed them to Grepe and hurried him away as if anxious to get rid of him. Godfrey Balmain was busy with the straps of his portmanteau; his brother was busy with his own dark thoughts, and these ran thus- He is supposed to be dead ; his coming back will rob me of all the fruits of inv labour, all that I have schemed and sinned for. He will never be missed. TT , , Yes, , I'll do , r it." He looked around for a weapon. There was a heavy fowluig-picca in a corner. It would do. Meanwhile the inventor had got his littw apparatus •• • " ' " ' " x - —^ - f to do is to push this pin and the instrument works f _ 11 ll Gilbert heard him not, but raising the gun lie brought doMn the stock with dreadful force upon the kneeling man's head, which fell against the table. "Oh, my God, Gilbert, what would you dot Surely you would not kill your elder broth— The answer was another cruel blow, and Godfrey Bahnain fell lifeless upon the floor. His murderer stooped over him and examined him. " He's dead enough this lime. The old cellar under the floor of the next room will make a safe grave „ and can he filled up with . ijuicklhne . . aud cemented over at a convenient opportunity: Godfrey settled, Walter, foolishly believing himself to be a forger, likely to be drowned, I 'shall have the earldom at last." Hastily dragging the body into an adjoining room, lie had scarcely time to close the door upon the ghostly spectacle when there was a knocking at the outer door. " Damnation, whatis that hemuttcrcd, as he unlocked the outer door and caw Grepe. " What the devil do you want?" asked his .<ite master, fiercely. " Another fifty, governor. You only gave in.' nine instead of ten. A bargain's a bargain, you know." "Yes, yes," replied the other, hastily, as he went to tfie safe; "here it is." Whilst Gilbert Balmain was engaged at the safe, Grepe cast his eyes around the room. "Brother gone away?" asked Grepe, as ho pocketed the note. " Yes, yes," was the reply. " He found he had to go back to America." " We left his traps behind him V' said Grepe, indicating the portmanteau and the delicate instrument on the table. " Yes," cried Gilbert. "Clear out or you'll miss the boat. Ho uiade me a present of his things." Kay, governor," said Grepe, as Gilbert hust'ed how to work it.' " Alljight, take the cursed thing and be off," answered Gilbert as he pushed the instrument into his hands and thrust him forcibly from the room. " He called it a talking-machine," mused Grepe as he went on his way. "If it could only speak now, I wonder what sort of a story it would tell ?' AUSTRALIA. CHAPTER IV. IN THK MISF. IT W ould be tedious and uninteresting, as well as unimportant to this story, to narrate the adventures of Walter and Grepe after their arrival in Melbourne. ... Heart-sick from . hope deferred, and K;„ hearing nothing from Gilbeit.W alte accepted Ms exile as permanent and cared not what became ot him. A" few months after their arrival the two exiles found themselves in the mining township of Auropolis. where a prolonged strike had taken place amongst the miners aud the Yellow Dog No. •2 Company. As there was a prospect of the lease being forfeited for non-fulfilment of the labour conditions, the directors were compelled to engage any hands they could obtain, regardless whether they were experienced miners or not, so that Grepe and his companion had no difficulty in procuring engagements. It was the number of men and not their skill that was important to keep the lease alive. Having gained a clue to her lover's whereabouts, Agnes Harcourt did not rest until she persuaded her brother to accompany her to Melbourne, where she employed a private-inquiry officer to trace Walter. For some months the search was unsuccessful, and she was almost beginning to despair when the detective brought her the intelligence that he was a working miner in the Yellow Dog No. 2 at Auropolis. It was then that Agnes resolved upon a course which she knew lier brother would not consent to, and which consequently she did not reveal to him. She left a letter telling him that he was not to be anxious on her account, that she was perfectly safe and well and would shortly return or write to him. She then made all the necessary preparations for the course she proposed, viz., to become, herself, a working miner m the Yellow Dog No. 2.* It was the custom at Auropolis, as on other Australian goldtields, to dispense with the custom of using surnames and to affix a sob iqutt in its place. Thus it was that Walter was known as Walter the Swell, and Agnes, who, in consequence of the strike, found little difficulty in getting taken on, was styled Frank the Kid, in compliment to her youthful appearance. No person, not even Walter, suspected her sex, for her golden hair had been ruthlessly cut away and other measures taken to disguise her. To her great delight she was in the same shift as Walter, and had the pleasure of working by his side, although it must be confessed that the quantity of work that she did was not very great. There was on the Yellow Dog No. 2 an old miner whose doleful prophecies and opinions invariably turned' out to be incorrect, a circumstance that gained for him the name of Wrong-inall-thing's Bill. - He had all the latest news, more or less, generally less, authentic about the mines nd mining matters. " The river broke into the Green Horse workings last night, boys," he told the miners one day. " Now, as you know, the Green Horse lies between •he river and the Yellow Dog. There's been a lawouit between the two companies about encroachment, and an underground survey has been ordered by the court. It. was to have taken place to-day, but, of course, with the Green Horse flooded it's out of the question." "Of course," assented the miners. " I'm pretty sure that the Green Horses have been working our land for some time. " I believe," continued Wrong-in-all-things Bill, oraculaily, "that there's only a very thin wall of earth between the two workings, and that it won't be long before the water from the Green Horse will break through and flood the Yellow Dog." Just then \Valter the Swell and Frank the Kid oame up to go down on their shift. The miners at once informed them of Bill's warning, but Walter only laughed and said : "One of Wrong - in - all - things Bill's usual prophecies. What do you say, little mate, shall we riik it or see the manager'!" "I'd do whatever you do, Walter," was the r<ply. "If it's good enough for you it is good eiiuugh for me." " Well, then, we'll risk it," said Walter, as the cage came to the surface and the two prepared to descend. "Farewell, corpses!" shouted Bill after them; "you'll never come up alive. We can order a double funeral for to- morrow." The two miners had scarcely commenced work in the drive when Walter's foot kicked some hard substance, which on examination proved to be a revolver. He was astounded and puzzled at finding such an article in such a place. " There is some fiendish work intended," he said to his mate. " Some of the strikers have gained access to the mine. What does it mean? No matter; we shall be able to put the manager on his guard as soon as we finish our shift." He slipped the revolver into the breast of liis shirt and the two continued at their work. Presently the woman's quick ear detected a rumbling ound. She called her companion's attention c it. " Wliat does it mean ?" "It means," lie answered in a hollow, hurried voice, "that Bill was right in his warning. We must run for our lives. Run ! My God, we are too late. This way, Frank; we must make for the jump-up." He seized liis terrified mate by the arm and hurried along. The rushing water followed them, eager to clasp them in its deadly clutch. They reached the jump-up, but the water followed them like some wild beast. Steadily-it rose for a time, and then suddenly stopped, as if-the beast iiadijeen •Any reader who may consider this pourse impjobable is referred to the case of De I&cy; Evans, a • • woman who for many years lived'synd "worked as a miner without arousing any suspicion as toiler sex. r The subsequent scene in the mine finds a paral-loV ,_ of fact in the Smythesdale disaster if a few years back. Both cases are matters of modern Victorian: ; history. • : suddenly cheated of its prey. The imprisoned ai which it had driven before it at length barred its progress, and the two miners in the jump-up were left high and dry, but in a Living tomb. " Frank, my poor boy," said Walter, "you will want all your courage now. We have only obtained a brief respite from certain death. We are safe from the water. The air which is imprisoned with us in this tomb—Merciful Heaven, our tomb—will prevent the water rising further, but we are buried alive. When we have used up the air here we must suffocate." " Walter, is there no hope?" "But a faint one, my poor lad," answered Walter. " Every effort will be made to rescue us, but, alas, when this spot is reached, the probability is that the rescue party will only find our lifeless bodies." " Then, may the Lord have mercy on us," groaned liis mate. "Amen," cried Walter, fervently. "Oh, why did I, not heed Bill's warning ? Why did I let you come down with me ? For myself I have little' cause to wish for life, but now there is a bitterness worse than death for me in the thought that Agnes, my love, will never know that my last thoughts were of her, that my last prayer was—" " Walter, dear heart—she does know. ' She is here, your own Agnes." For an instant he did not seem to understand. Then reaching out in the darkness he felt her face, her hands, her body. The figure, hidden beneath the loose miner's jumper, throbbed to his touch. He realised all. "Oh, Agnes, sweetheart, why did you come here? How was I such a blind. fool as not to recognise you ? 'My darling, we are hopelessly doomed! " If death must come," she said calmly, "it is better that it should come thus. We can die together." As he strained her close in his embrace, he told her hurriedlj' the whole story of his folly and flight, and the arrangements which he had made with his cousin to tell her the whole truth. She now saw what a villain Gilbert Balmain had been. As Walter clasped her in a last embrace he felt the revolver pressing against his side. It was a chance, a desperate one, butifcyould try it. "Agnes," he whispered, as if outspoken words would vitiate a greater quantity of air. Listen to me. If there were but one person here instead of two, the air would last twice as long, and consequently that one would have a double ohance of Ufe.:,Onc last kiss,my love, and then farewell." Shevfelt his hand seeking for the opening in his 3hirt, Mid seized it. )' <5 Walter!" she shrieked, " what would you do ? "XH my own worthless life, and give a better cl&njre; of saving yours." ' '-tie had got the revolver out and in his hand now, but she clung to the band and the weapon with the energy of despair. He could not struggle with all a man's strength, because of their precarious position, but he tried his best to get his hand free. In the conflict the revolver went off and dropped into the water. The tension upon both the man and the woman had been too great to bear, and both fainted where they crouched. But the accident of the shot had an unexpected effect. . The vibration of the air had caused the thin wall of earth between the jump-up and another small working above to fall in, bringing with it a new supply of air. The news of the disaster was quickly spread by those working in the other levels. A rescue party was quickly formed from amongst the strikers— experienced men who knew the workings and-how best to reach the two below. The strikers had no love for the company, but in the presence of this calamity they forgot their disputes and volunteered their services. At the mouth of the shaft an anxious crowd gathered, and waited breathlessly the issue. A doctor, hastily summoned, was amongst the crowd, and Wrong-in-all-things Bill, haranguing those present as to his warnings and unheeded advice. "I told them how it would bg, laughed at for my trouble.. I said',£^a,t tj be a double funeral—" / A hush fell upon all as the signal wa raise the cage. It 'seemed in^eterti: appeared at the surface, and the ^niijers laid the two bodies on the ground with gentle'Mpcl&.~ JChe; doctor knelt down to make his examiffialSjjjnjWBjt " Both of 'em dead," said Bill. "Wrong again, Bill," replied the doctor, "for they are lx»th alive." ENGLAND AGAIN. CHAPTER V. THE TRUMP-CARD BEATEN. As Gilbert Balmain sat in the library of Beaufoy Castle he felt that his red letter-day had comeatlast. He had not troubled much about the disappearance of Agnes Harcourt, for love was not an enduring passion in his nature. But he had waited for absolute proofs of Walter's death, and they were to be forthcoming this very day, for Grepe was to arrive, and Mr. Docker, the solicitor, had the necessary document for . Grepe to swear as to Walter's fate—drowned at sea. Gilbert could then take formal possession of the Beaufoy title and estates. Mr. Dockcr was seated with him, and the pair were in high good humour, waiting for Grepe. Punctually at the appointed hour Mr. Grepe arrived, sober and respectable; carrying a neat little parcel under his arm. But he did not come. alone. Closely following him into the library came Agnes Harcourt, her briber , , n_ main. Gilbert saw at a ! .1 duped him. The game * 1 1 were shattered in an insi Bi.i • " 7 e Z,? re n ily C01 \ TO(!U ' i ' l le . ing hatred all around. .. j ,. 01l !h ' u your cleverness. You him>- prize, but you cannot rob )•,•.- ,,f mt ., Mr. Docker began to ^ M r * longer the earl, and he cag.-ih- wstij opportunity to ingratiate iiim^lf with W " I have here a bill which k- forced of the late earl," continued Gill**, have to answer to the law f<, r i | ltll c • ,, Here was Mr. Docker's opttoitunif hastened to avail himself of it. - ' "Pardon me, Mr. Balmain," said ,i„, "but as the late earl is dead, injw r] tl ' to prove that it isa forgery ':" * Gilbert laughed as he took out his wv.i. 1 and showed the forged doi - i n i... j "You will perceive that the date document is the 8th of May last." 1 ]j e K . bill in the book and tfie book in M s before continuing. " And the l a te earl difirf 7th of that month. Well, Mr. Docker I that is a trump card V' ' " It can be beaten, however." replied the now keen on Walter's behalf, " for if \died on the 7th, this gentleman in imself Beaufoy next day was onlv tmiltv f writing his own name," r jaltry pettifogger's quibble that the „ cognise," said Gilbert. /^^True," spoke his cousin, "a paltrv that the law will not be asked to recognise. " Fortunately," said Grepe, now speaking first time, " we have other proofs of Lorf foy's innocence beyond legal quibbles." "What cursed interest have you in „ business ?" asked Gilbert, turning savagely t Grepe. "1 will tell you," replied the latter, < he placed his parcel on the table. " When met you I was a humble clerk, not worldly goods, but more than wealthy in th session of a pure and beautiful wife whom with passionate ardour. I know not what arte you used. I presume it was the old stay wily tempter and the weak, thoughtless « You persuaded her to leave me. Within she returned to me a broken, dying woman from the effects of your cruelty and descrti had but strength left to beg and to i^cej forgiveness, and die." Gilbert's jaw fell as he muttered, " Job stairs." " Yes, John Oarstairs. Over her body 1 to be revenged, not with a sudden bul assassin's knife, but by becoming your evil to help you to ascend as high as possible th fall might be the greater. 1 drank to recollection. I shaved my beard to avoid nition. I have waited patiently for this my revenge upon you, seducer, forger, murd The accused man with an effort regain composure. " Psha!" he said, with affected ness, " this fellow is mad, crazed with drin' John Carstairs, otherwise Grepe, tookno but untied the parcel on the table. " Gilbert Balmain," he said, " you believ dead men tell no tales. You were wrong, to your murdered accuser, the voice of on being dead yet speaketh." He set the phonograph in action, hushed silence came in low, but clear a tones the voice from the grave— " Oh, my God, Gilbert, what would yo Surely you would not kill your elder brother " He's dead enough this time. 7 head cella the floor of the next room will make a saje c can be filled up with quick-lime and cenunl at a convenient opportunity. Godfrey Walter, foolishly believing himself a forger to be drowned, 1 shall have the earldom at la Gilbert listened with face of deathly whit; "Now," said Carstairs when the plion" ceased, "are you satisfied that the game is last and that your hand is playtt 1 out 7 My is not yet complete, nor will it be until you upon the gallows to pay—ha, sw.e liini!' Carstairs and Harcourt sprang forward to" but they were too late. The small ]jhial fell floor, and the strong odour of pmsic acid fall room. In a few moments tin; black hea ceased to beat, the cruel, wicked brain was s the hand of Cain would not Le lifted for g evil evermore. . Gilbert Balmain was dead by Ins own lian Months afterwards, when i had taken to himself a coins reviewed the terrible past. " It is sweet to think that he Earl of B the bapp 72 0 shadow of rests upon my name," said !»• > to his wife; had I been, as I once believed ijivself, guilty " Hush !" she interrupted iiwi as her a • caressingly round his neck, if,-id you ind guilty, I should have loved > oil afi the san selfishness, eveii to crime, hfi" 7 Ven to your cousin, as the burning desir • ..,;• revenge 1 to Mr; Carstairs, as honour J ;,](i truth liav to you, so has my love for yo; i been to me absorbing feeling, brooking : rival— -pion in the lr r 'Apd hence one master-r- Jiows up the Like Aaron's serpent, 