Sport Jots. Favored with fine weather and the OBUa) tip-to-date management, the Hobart Turf Clnb meeting last Saturday was a pro nounced snccess. It was hardly to be ex pected that the attendance would be up to the February meet, but notwithstanding this, no lees ilmn £1317 10s passed through the machines, which meanB a substantial proBt to the club. The advent of the Northern borsee made the racing interest ing, and at no part of the programme was the sport allowed to drag. The dual victory of City Band waB a surprise to many, as tlie horse bad been a consistent etarier in ait. Talbot's colon without being successful. However, in my opinion, this is easily ex plained away from the obvious fact that City Band met an inferior lot of racehorses (if you can call them such) on Saturday and was thos enabled to pick op a crumb of comfort for Jack HcClutcfaey, who has leased him. After City Band's win, punters went baldheaded for Culex in the March Handi cap, but getting away badly, the pony never eeemed to be able to pace it with the big 'une, an interesting finish resulting in Doyle's pair, Little Me and Cognac, running first and second, with Melody right on their girths. The evergreen Carol hopped off the mark, never giving anything the ghost of a show in the Hurdle, but although the little fellow would have won under any circum stances, the performance counts for nothing, as Hercules fell, Gabby was as lame as a cat, and Step Dance is not worth feeding. With The Peer out of the way, the Eitdon Handicap looked fair game for Venus, but Gaeon distributed 'gratis' a etroDg Dame Trot tale, and more tlmn one swallowed it, thus enabling -he Venus party to get on at a fair price. Venus certainly won, but site was ail out, and the ranging justified Gaeon in backing hie mare. A knowing few who thought they saw something in tlie nine furlong nice tumbled over each other to get on Dame Trot for the Flying Handicap, but here again they were left lamenting, Trolly (imbuing absolutely, and victory rested with the ueeful Bunyip. From tha usual farce Saturday'eTrotwae transformed into a first class contest. Triers were in the majority, and although Squash won easily at the fiuieb, some splendid trot ting was' exhibited. Victor, Melrose, Rob Roy. Gentleman John, aud Lord Cleveland all paced in great form. The winner is a ?-n_t'nn» konnlli aiiJ ,.u PpAIITAr tll'mltrllt. llim a lung journey for one race only, he well deserved bis win. The Longfoid meeting can hardly be called a buCocbf, inasmuch as it will result in a lose to the popular -Northern Club. Then, how gratifying must it be to the Hobart Turf Club to be racing at a profit, when an old-established institution like the L.U.C. loses money — and this on a (ine day and right in the centre of the principal training BtableB of the colony ! find Long ford given big prize money one could have understood the loss, but under existing cir cumstances it is hard to see why the old club could not make ends meet last (Saturday. llussell and Co. still btick to 5e invehtments on the tote, which is decidedly detrimental to owners, whose iuterett6 should be tie first study of any manage ment, as without owners we cannot race. As I have often remarked, the limited prizes offered will not adajit of homes being owned and trained to compote for stake money alone. The racing partook of a North v. South character. The Peer and Foihall being sent to keep our end up, which they failed to do. When leadinc in the Steeple Foximll baulked and The Peer was found wanting wheu the pinch came iu both tliu Maruh and Flyiug Handicaps. Owner Reid was confident or victory in uoiu eveuie, out iih evidently uuder-ettimates the capabilities of Northern nags, a dUijstruus day bsing the result. I anticipated The Dreamer's win in the March Handicap, and cm Exubangb'u fun ning with Jlsrie and The Bondu liu who uu titl«d to rrrpeet for tiie short race ; but The Peer ie sueh a duudy at Kiting on' the mark that lie, hh a rule, paralyses the oppo sition in the first furlong. He apt nvll nv-nyon Saturday, but weight iol$ ill tuK-, and lie shut up like a knife iu the la»t °it uotUiug else the concluding day of the V.E.-\ meeting found a winter favorite l.ir the Derby Bnbftdil'e win in the Ascot Vale and All-Aged Stakr* fully entitling him to be dubbed the chumpiou two-year-nlo. ot the seaoou. In the AH Aged Stakes the St. Alban's 60\t beat Amiable, Ayrshire, and Wnit-o-Bit with ridicu lous case, cutting the mile out in 1m ?lUjsec. Notwithstanding his 13-7 I could see notliiug to heat Wliwntidi) in the Steeple, the Mill Purk chwnpinu winning by half a furlong, and if ho in the ciccl of the stable, lie will be handy at tin- iiuidj of the Onkapurinpa Grand National. There were only three staorters for the Lock Flat's, and they twisted ne I planed them, ^ ? Battalion winning comfortably from Ambe rito, who would have had to play second fiddle in the Champion had the Banana lander been nominated. Cravat put up a clinking performance in the Place Handi cap by carrying 8-8 and running the mile and a half in 2-35}, but as be is an unreli able brute, I can hardly recommend backers to follow him up. That emart mare Mirella waB again vic torious on Saturday, winning the Stewards' Mile at Eandwick. Humor eays that Eiridfidale will shortly be cent to Adelaide to compete for the big prizes offered by the A.R.C. Butcher Boy is quite sound again. He will be seen out at Eisdon Park next Wed nesday. Wolfgang will again sport silk on the same day. Nominations for the T.T.C. Autumn meeting, which takes place on April 20, are due on April 4. Tho programme includes a £50 Steeple and £40 Handicap. Olaf, who was well supported for the Newmarket Handicap, carried 10-4 and won the 6-furlong Beach Handicap at Aspen dale Park last Tuesday. The V.R.C. lose £1700 over their Autumn meeting. Mr. W. R, Wilson drew the big geBt cheque, viz, £2487; Sam Fielder took £1404, Davidson £1214. Duggan £1053. The V.A.T.C. hold another meeting at Caulfiold to-day, the mile St. Kilda Cup being the piincipal item on the programme. Bobadil has been awarded the steadier of 10-6 in the Federal Stakes ; but as he is an unlikely starter 1 will not discuss bis chance. Britomarte (10-7) is nicely treated in the Steeple, and The Bonde (7-4) muBt be held in respect for the South Yarra Han dicap. My fancies run thus : Federal Stakes : Oimuz or Safety— 1 AuitrFEitous — 2 JIelic or The Fibate King— 8. Hurdle : goldfindeb— 1 Eaulstok — 2 IllPLET— 8. St. Kilda Cup: The Pamsiekke or Moonlyong— 1 So-and-So — 2 1'lNFIRE — 8. Steenlechase : Biutomaiite or Ouvex— I Jimmy— 2 Tai-aoe— 8. South Yarra Ilnndicap : Foiitunio or Telegraph — 1 FrrznoY— 2 Sl'ENCEU— 3. Mikado II. nil] be sent to Sydney to com pete in tho A.J.C. Steeple. Wine galore nt the Victorian Club last Tuesday, the occasion being Jack Cohen's departure for Europe. You can't beat lay ing 'em. Dobudil made a complete back of Amiable in the All Agfd Stakes. If Bill of Port land's son winters all right the next V.R.C. Derby looks like comg to St. Albau'e. V well-known Victoriau fielder got badly duped nt Plooiington last week. In the race that Moonlyong won the said fielder laid a wager of £40 to £10, and he also laid 40s. to 10s. against tho winner. The tbief who took the last named bet somehow made hip ticket to read £50 instead of 50s. As toon as the race was over he presented hie ticket and got paid; but judge of Ikev's surprise when a few miuutGB later the ry kuck chat put in an appearance. Leslie re fused to part, but Detective Wright promptly ruled otherwise, and the wearer of the satchel, tvbo had been having a very bad time, had to part up another fifty. Daiinio has been struck out of the Liver pool Grand National Steeple, bat anothei Australian iu Not ton has accepted, aud may cany bis 10sk prominently. Victorian owners have nominated freely for the South Australian J.C. autumn meet ing. Britomarte is entered for the Steeple chase. At the Kalgoorlie(W.A.) races last Sat urday Common was successful in both the Welter and Farewell Handicape. Mr. Septimus Miller gave 155 guineas for liompden, by Carbine— Ieis. At the last moment Fielder decided not to offer Amiable for sale. The mare has been cflnt back to Sydney. Merman/8-1.1) iB au acceptor for the Lin colnshire Handicap, to be run for on March 22. Joe Cripps has bought Captain Swift for 25 guineas. The drawer of tho said horse (n Tatts sweep on the Hobart Cup of 1896 will doubtless remember the said Captain, aud wish hip |ato owner tue best ot iuck at all times. Aurum's record up to date:— 12 wins, 2 seconds, 2 thirds, unplaced once. The Peer was u. bit proppy after his Long ford Gruelling, but will probably come up to time'nwcf Wednesday. Jim Redfearn is dead out of luck. While being operated oii ni3 colt, Waraka, injured liis back, aud bad to uO destroyed. There is eoroe talk of an action being brought againtt the V.K.C. for refusing to allow u li rtaiu liorte' to start a- tueir auiumn meeting. The veteran Victorian trainer, Harry Connolly, ie dead, Interlude and Bosoommon have been pur nbavd by Mr. J, O. Olsrko. They go into Brewer'* stable. Monastery oomeB to Australia on a visit to Wallace. While running in the Oolao Hanuioap, Count Herbert ran into a post and knooked his eye oat. Mr. SpuncerGollsn will be ont from Eng land nboatJuno. Hit beautiful New Zea land borne, was lately burned to the ground. Bob Ray seems likely to stand his prepara tion for the A.J.C. meeting. Tatt's cweep on the Newoastle Oup faoe brought forth an entrv of no less than 70. Loch Marie's name appears in the list. The BimGraudniastorwas 80 yours old last Monday week. He is still as active as a kitten, A New Plymouth clergyman, F. G. Evans, deolares there is no barm in having your bit on a horse, providing yon can afford to lose it. The late V.R.C. meeting was most dis astrous to wearers of the satobel. Amiable haB proved herself a brilliant sprinter and at tho same time a palpable non-stayer. The Steeple at Longford last Saturday was a sorry spectacle. The majority of the field either fell or baulked. 3\. E. Brewer has got Hirundo in work again. Mr. Dokin handicapped Ayrshire as a non-stayer, and fell iu accordingly. Gabby will not carry silk again for some considerable time. Buckney rode Venus without spurs in the Ilisdon Handicap. This caused some of her would-be supporters to stand off. The now popular racing resort, Riadon Park, will on Wednesday next be occupied by the Butchers' Racing Club, the occasion being the holding of tbeir Autumn meeting, which, judging by the number of entries received, promises to be highly successful. The programme, consists of eight events, which will be discussed in the UBual up-to-date style. Investors will be amply provided for in the matter of totalisator accomodation. end the energetic Jos. Wignall will be on hand to see that patrons of the club are well looked after. Anticipations : Trial Handicap— Bunyip or Allfire 1, Mitridate 2, Guy Fawkes 3. Hurdle-Satanella 1, Xmas Carol 2, Her cules 8. President's Plate— The Peer 1, The Songster 2, Little Me 8. Open Hack Race— I aim 1, Melody 2, Grandee 8. March Handicap — Lena 1, Venus 2, Cognac 8. High Wcightr-Little Me or Bunyip 1, Allfire 2, Mitridate 8. The booths for the Butchers meeting will be sold by auction on Monday. Special trains will leave for the course on race day at 1 p.m. and 1.40 p.m., the first race being timed to start at 1.20. Weights for the Doncaster Handicap and Sydney Cap came to hand yesterday. In the milo race Besolute is on top with 10-1, but as he failed in the Newmarket Handi cap with less weight, I will look farther for the winner. Amiable (9-8) would bo better suited over six furlongs, and Gaulus and Bob Eay have caught it hot. Loch Mane (9-8) must have a look in, and Mirella (?-l) is improving io fast that she must be given a decided chance. Eleueive (8-12) and Cravat (8-10) are nicely placed, so is The Reaper (8-4), Philip, Bobadil, and Metf -rd (8-2), Stratbroy and Adoration (7-U), The Tola (7-7), Precaution (7-5), Spectator and Lady Mostyn (7-4), Mishap (7-2), kittle Widow (0-12), ana Auriferous (6-7). Thus early I fancy Heaper or BoBADtL— I Cravat— 2 Mettoud— 8. Battalion in fully entitled to his 9-12 in the Sydney Cup, and if Brewer sends the big fellow across he looks a good place in vestment. I don't care for Resolute (3-6), but Aurora (9-2) is such n glutton that his chance cannot be overlooked. I will dis miss Gaulus, Amberite, and Charge, but The Grafter (8-11) bas been given a chance, so has Mirolla (8-9), Cravat and Bleusive (8-0), Bundook (7-13), Phillip (7-9), Sam (7-8 , Woodford (7-7), Glendennon (7-6), Loch Leigh (7-3), La Carabine (7-0), Am hem I will go for AuntiM or Cravat— 1 Battalion— 2 The Gbafteh — 8. Fitzrny started a warm favorite for the klarch Handicap at Moonee Valley on rhursday, but collisions and falls spoilt vhatever chance he had, the winner turn ng up in Nevertire. In the Alphingtou iandicap Telegraph and The Briffht Kyos an a dead heat, but Telegrnph made a hack if his onponent in the run off, after which :ho stipeudary steward gave Callanan a levere lecture for his suspicious handling of Mb winner in the first race. The accident in tho March Handicap ;aused the death of Pactolus, and Viking ind Fietroy got more or less injured. On March 21 nominations muit be made for the TaBraaman Racing Olub'fl autumn meeting, which will be brought off on April 2. * * * The Oatlands Cycling Club hold a racing carnival on Easter Monday, April 11. Tbe programme is as follows: — Trial Handicap, one roil». first priee £2 10s, second £1 ; Ply ing Handicap, half a mile, first £4, second, £1 10b; Local Handicap, tour lnp». Bret £2 10s, second £1 ; Oatlands Wheel Race, two miles, first £10, second £3, third £1 j Fare well Handicap, one mile, first £3, second £1. Entries close Monday, March 26. Tlie reputed English champioa, C. F. Burden, returned to England last week. He did no good in Australia, but probably he never showed his true form. However, the least the handicappers could have done was to have put him on the same mark as Green and Walne in the Austral, and not ask him to give two snch noted riders a start. Anoyelty in the coming Loncon cycling season will bo the nppoaranoe of a multiplet team of negroes mounted on a machine enamelled white. The liift lap of the Adelaide Wheel Race was covered by Walne in 28sgc. which ie equal to 1-47 for a mile. Not bad at the end of a trying journey, Tho Lenfrue of American Whoelmon numbers 102,000 members. This day week Walne will stand or fall against Body for the BrriKsurd badge. I think the Bauanalander will keep bis end up. W. Gahaean, a Sydney cyclist, wan last week fined £10 and, 3 guineas coit for knock ing a woman dnwn with hie gue-gee. A statistician estimates that ten million bicycles are in uso throughout the world. With the Speedwell meeting eloso at hand the cricket ground wears a busy appearance nightly, amongst those suowiu* good form bei«(? tlio DodJs 1W., who, if not liandi capprd clean out of it, will be again worth followinu. Competitors aro reiuiudeJ thai entries for tho Speedwell meeting, which comes off ou March 20, are due on Wednesday next. Sec. Hawtine ie leaving no etone unturned to make the meet a snooesB, therefore rioers should nominate freely. Harry Bsilj reports business brisk in the 1898 Model James. The first shipment of these record-smashing machines have been sold right out, and orders for tbe next shipment keep him particularly bney, . ? * ? Tbe Bnnual orioket match between teams representing the knights of the olearer of Hobart and Lannotston took plaoe in the North this week, when tbe Southerners were so hospitably entertained that they oonBented to be beaten in one innings as a compliment to tbeir Northern ohnms. Pregnell, Propsting, Costello, and Willing wouldn't go out till they bad maJe double figuro apieoe, but they gave their opponents some easy staff to play with. The soores weres-Soutb, 49 and 98; North, 167, of which Betts got 77. Break o' Day and Derwent continued their match last Saturday. At the termi nation of tbe previous Saturday's play tbe game stood— Break o' Say first innings S89. This looked like a respectable set, but Der went put it in the shade by occupying tbe wiokets all the afternoon, putting together 846 tor eight wiokets. Jack Bingbam was tbe liero of the day, bis 1S1 being the out come of some sound cricket, and this on the top of his splendid bowling feat of tbe pre vious Saturday folly entitled him to the oration he received. R. Hawson played a pretty innings for 70, when be was unfor tunately run oat. The veteran Geo. Bailey was quite at home in compiling 40, and Frank Hewitt deserves a word of praise for his well made 48. Tbe Eek administered a somewhat severe drubbing to tbe Launcestou first eleven on the Aesooiation Ground up North on Satur day last. Launceeton's contribution was 123 «ud 123, while Esk replied with 207 and then batted a man short. Of this number Charlie Hammond got more than half, 124, but I) ad Duret and Savipny not fumbled somewhat easy chances, the victory would not have been such a soft thing for Ksk. Hammond, however, batted with grea* free dom, some of his strokes being particularly neat. Palmer got four wickets at a cost of 66 runs. ? * * During tlie past week anglers have enjoy ed a good time among the wbiptaiU. Good backets have been obtained at the wharves, Powder Jetty, and Sb ipyards. Up the river mullet fishing has been fair, and rock-cod and fiathead are plcutiful in tbe Prince o Wales and New Town Bay. All during the past week the wharves have been lined with anglers eagerly in pur suit of whip-tail, and the catches have been large. They have also been taken at the Powder Jetty, Shipyards, and up tbe river some fair catches of mullet been obtained. The fishing trip by s.s. Huon on Wednes day was not quite eo fiuccessfal as antioi* pated. Whiting and flathead were taken. Tips for Saturday :— Berridale, Triffit's, Prince of Wales Bay, and Eisdoa for mullet ; wharves, and Sanitary Jetty for whip tail, etc. ; rock cod and flathead, New Town Bay and Bellenve, while off Howrah, Borne nice perch may be bad. * * * New Town will be en fete to-day, when the annual regatta will be brought of. The programme consist* of rowing and yachting races, and not tbe least interesting will be a pnnto race. Stewart BroB., Vautin. Douglas, and Dwyer bave notified their in tention of competing, so that the rowing raceB promise to be interesting. 