THE CHEVALIER de MAISON ROUGE. chapter xxxix.—Continued. dishonoring myself for you." Genevieve appronelied her tips to Mau rice's, Mul remained hanging on the neck of her lover. * " Yes,'you are right," said Genevieve; " it is I . who deceived myself. What I feci is not remorse, perhaps it is a degradation to my love ; but you will comprehend, at leiust, I love you far, too niueto to feel any other emotion than the all-engrot-sing one, the fear of losing you. Let us go far away, Maurice; let us go fni- away, where 110 one can reach lis." " Oh, thanks 1" said Maurice, trans-' ported with joy. " But how ca.n wo flee 7" said Gene-t vieve, trembling at the thought. " It is not so ensy'to escape nowadays frotiu the poniard of the n»s»wina of the 2nd of September, or the lintehet of the hangman of the 21st of January." "Genevieve," said MaufVe, "God will protect us. Listen to me. A good, actiou' which I endeavored to perform", apropos to this 2nd of September, which you hnve just named, is now about to receivo Its > reward. I wished to save a poor prient who hn,d studied with me. I went to Dii.nton, and at his request the '"Commune of'Public Safety signed a passport-'for the unfortunate man and his eister. This pussport Danton for warded to me, but the unhappy man, in stead of seeking it at my house, na I had recommended him to do, was shut up by the Carmelites, and there he diM." :">j h'K . - ' •, f " And • tlie . passport t" said Genevieve. "I have it now. It: is worth! a mil lion. It is worth more tlian that, Gene-, vievo ; it comprises both life and happi ness." " Oh, • God be praised 1" cried tlio young woman. .: • . " Now, my property, as you nre aware, consistB of estate, managed by an old Ecrvant, oi the family, a e/tanch patriot, and strictly . loyal, in whom wo may : •confide. -.Ho"--will send a. remittance whenever I wish. • ■ On ■ lorriving at Boulogne we" will go. to .liis house." "Where (loos ho reside, then?" " At Abbeville." " When shall we go, Maurice ?". . ".Within (in hour." . " No one need know of our departure."' ' "No. one will know it. ■ I will run. to Louis; ho ha^ a cabriolet and no WE 'WILL QUIT PRANCE. horRQ, while I ;havo a horse and no carriage. \Yc will set out immediate ly 011" my return. You remain • here. Genevieve, ; fuid prepare everything for our departure.-• We .want but - little luggage ; - we can ,purcbaeQ all that we require in England. I shall give Sce vola ^omo commission that will remove him out of:the way. Louis, will explain our departure. Wo want-but little that time we shall be far away." " But . if '.wo ? should bo stopped upon the r'6ad ' "Have we not our passports? We shall go tojHjjbert'fl house; that is the steward's name. Hubert forms part o£ •the 'municipality of Abbeville; from -Abbeville to Boulogne ho will accompany us .as. safeguard. At Boulogne we will purchase and freight a vessel. I could, besides,. proceed to the committee and make them give me a missicm to Abbe ville^ But . no; not . |by fraud, . Gene vieve*- Is it'inot better to risk our lives to.' save^and: eecuro our hapginess ?" ■ " Yes, mon ami-; and we> shall succeed. But how you are perfumed this morn ing," said the young woman, concetti-" ing her face on Maurice's breast. " Tame ; I purchased, a bunch of violets for you this morning, pausing' before the Palace d'Egalite>; but, on my Return, 'finding you'sojslul, T thought of noth ing but inquiring th» cb,use of your dish tress." " Oh, give! it to me(;' I |wilV return it." Genevieve inhaled the odor of ,the bouquet with intense delight, when sud denlylic'r.-eyes suffused with tears.; ; " What - is .it ?" Taaid 'Maurice. ..-V' ' ".Poor Holoisd" murmured Genevieve. . " Ah, yes!" said" Mauricey with a Bight ; "hut let us think. of ourselves and leave .thef dead; wherever. .they; may be, to refit'in the: grave dug -by-- their devotion. AdieAi I I am going.". " Return quickly." " In less than an liouirl sha,ll ba hero again.". ... " But if Louis .is not at home ?"• " What' does it 'matter ?• his servant knows me. And even in his absenca I can take what I plceisc, as ho would do here in mine." . "Verywell." ; . " Now, my-' Genevieve,, ^preparo every thing ; but, as I have told you, contino youself to nepesparies. I do not wish' our; depai'ture tto appear liko a re moval.'' . : . The young man-advanced a step to ward the door?"' j ■ — "Maurice,'.' ifaid Geiie.vieve. Ho turned round, and saw the young woman' Qxteajd„ her,' tu-ins toward him. " Au t.re.voir7 Jau WVoir, ' ktear love," sadd he; " in hall an hour I shall bq here'.". . Genevieve remained alone, occupied, as we have said, in preparations for their departure. *@he> ocdo&iplished; lier task in , feverish lipVtb. \y* long; as she re mained in Paris, the part she was act ing appoarod to her doubly culpable. Once out of Franco, ouce among stran gers, 5t: seemed that her. crime—a crime ratlior of fatality than her own, would weigh the-less heavily oil lier conscience. She even hoped, .isolated and in solitude, sho might finish by forgetting the ex istence of ajiy> other man than Maurico. They ivonld fly to .England; everything was arranged. iThere they would hiro a little cottage, standing alone, very retired, shut out from all eyes; they would, change their wimc.i, and instead of two names would have one. Then they would giuvc two servants, who would be (perfectly ignorant of the past. Fortunately, both Cronevieve and Maurice spoke English. Neither the one or tlio other left anything to regret in France. Thus Genevieve commenced making preparations for their voyage, or, rather, flight. She took singular pleasure in selecting from the rest those objects for which Maurice had ovinced any pnulilection. The coat Hotting off hie tall figure to advantage, the cravat and waistcoat suitable to his completion, the books whose leaves ho had most frequently drawn upon. Sho had already nvule her selection ; already the waiting trunks were on the floor, while elothey, linen and books wero strewn on the chairs, the sofa and tho pinno. Suddenly slio heard the key turn in tho lock. " Why, Seevola has returned !" said Blie. " Surely Maurico could not have met him." And she continued her occupation. Tho doom of the saloon were ojhmi, and sho heard Sc-evola moving in the luito cliamber. She hold a roll of music in lior luuiii, laud was looking for eorncf Btrjjug to tio round it. "Scevolnl" cried she. An approaching step Bounded in an ad joining room. " I nni here," said a voice. At the sound of his voice, Genevieve turned quickly round, and uttered a tarrible cry. " My husband 1" cried she. " Hiniwlf," sn-id .Dixmer, coolly. Genevieve was on a chair, searching for some strings in the wardrobe. She felt her head turn round, and, extending her arms, fell backward, wishing she could precipitate herself into an abyss be neath. Dixinor took her in his ivrniM, and carried her to* a sofa, where he seat ed himself uJso. " Wluit is the matter, my dear ? What is it V Sly presence seetnri to luuve pro duced n, most disugrcvablo effect upon you." " I am dying," murmured Genevieve, turning: from him, awl pressing both hflndH over her eyes, that she migbt shut out the frightful, apparition. " What'," said Dhmer, " did you be lieve mo dead, my dear, and did you take me for a ghost?" Genevieve looked round her with' a be wildered air, when, perceiving ' the por trait of Maurice, she glided from the sofa. and fell upon her knees, ns if to implore the ■ . resistance of this power less and insensible image, wliirti still continued to ■ Hnvile. The miserable woman fully comprehended the menaces concealed by; Dixmer under bis affected calmness. • Oh, my. dear child," continued tho" master tanner, " it was well for me, perhaps) ,'tliat:; you thought I was far from Paris ; but I remained there. Tho -'day'-'nlfciK I hftd''^iilttcd,',tho; House j 'I re turned, and found in its staul a. heap of mina.' I inquired .after -you. No one had seen you. I . then commenced a search after yoiii, a.nd have had much, trouble to" rind you. I vow, I did not think you,were. herd,, however, I had. my suspicions: - ."So, as ycru see, I camo. So here I am, and you 'boo 1110. And how is' dear Maurice ? Indeed, I four you have suffered much. You so stand* a- Itoyalist, compelled to seek shelter* under the roof of a Republican." " My God ! iny God !" murmured Gene* viove,; " take pity upon, me !" " After, all,- my dear," continued Dix . mer, ""wlia.t serves to console me inoslt, is that you are so comfortably lodged here, and that you do not appeal' to have suffered much from' tho proscrip tion; As for myself, since the burning! of our house, and the ruin of our for tune, I have-had my share of wande(r iug adventures, sometimes living in a cave, another time a boat, sometimes even in the common sewers with which the Seine abounds." " Monsieur 1" said Genevieve. " You -have there some beautiful fruit; ius- for ino, I-have often gone without any dessert; not having had any din ner." Genevieve, sobbiug bitterly, sup ported lier .lieart betwee,n her hands. " Not,"- continued DixmerJ V.'itihat I was destitute o! money. I have, thank God ) generally carried with mq thirty thou sand francs ; by means- of, which the 'collier.' the ' fishoi'inen,' or the ' rnir merchant' Urew tho: louis from : his pocket-''.to-.purchase a morsel ofclieeso or a sausage. Eh;. my God I yea, madame,' I have successfully adopted these three costumes. " To-day,,-the .bet ter to disguise in.ytK.4f, I am on patriote,: eu exagore, en Marseillais.- T lisp and I ewear, an outlaw cannot conceal him self as easily in Paris; a :young and pretty woman, and I have not, the happi ness of knowing an ardent young Re publican) who would hide me from every eye." ; " Monsieur! (monsieur !" cried Gene vieve, "have mercy upon me; you seo that t am dying." . "Anxiety; I can understand that you havo had much anxiety about me; but console yourself, you see': mo now. I have "returned, and we will now part no more, madamo." "Oh, you will kill-me!'-', criod Gene vieve. ■ \ > Dixmer regarded hoi; with a\ fright ful smile. ' " Kill: an innocent woman ! Oh, ma dainey what makes you say so ? It must be that grief for my absence has turned, your brain." "Monsieur!" : Baitt (ienevieve, mon sieur, I-beseecli you to kill mo at onco, rather, than-torture mo with these cruel railleries. No, I am not innocent; yes, I' am criminal ; yes,, I merit death. Kill me, monsieur, kill me—" • . -" Then, you acknowledge tliat - you merit death ?" >*- '' , •"Yes, yes 1" ^ - • And to expiato this crime of which! you' accuso yourself, you. will submit to death without complaint?" ' "Strike, monsieur ; . I will not utter a cry, and, instead of cursing, I will bless the hand that strikes me." " No, Madame ;-X do not wislrto striko yon, though, in.all probability, ryou will die. Only your ' death, instead of be ing, as you seem to fear, aiT ignominotis one, shall, be most glorious. Thank mo, matlame,v while punishing, I will immor talize you." ■ "What,i then, will you do, monsieur?" " You willl follow" the, end to which wo worn'- tending when interrupted on ■our roi;;e. In your own eyes and in mine you die guilty ; in thc(:eyes of the world you will die a- martyr." ; Oh^'my God ! you will. drive mo mad by" speaking thus. Where are you con ducting mo? whore are you dragging mo?", ... "In all probability, to death." "Leave1 mo to offer up one prayer." \- ''.To whom ?" " It matters not to you. . The moment you; deprive mo of life, my debt is can celed—my debt paid, I owe you nothing." "-True," said Dixmor, retiring into an other room; "I will await you." And ho left her once more alone. Genevieve sunk on her kneefl before the portrait, pressing hor hands against her bursting heart. " Maurico," said 6lie, in a low tone, " pardon me ; I could not expect "to bo happy, but I hoped to have made jfou so. Maurice, I am depriving you of a joy that constituted your life ; pardon me for causing your, death,;;my best be loved !" Then,i Hovering a ringlot from her mass of curls, alio bound it round the bouquet of' violets aud placed them beneath,,, the portrait, whielr, insensible and speech less as it was, still appeared to assume an expression of grief at her dqparturo. At least, so it appeared to the unfortu nate Genevieve, as she gazed at it through her tears. " Well,i are you ready, niadame ?"de*-, mnnded Diximr. "So soon!" murmured Genevieve. " Oh, take your time, madauie," re plied Dixmer. " I am in no hurry. Be sides, I dare say, Maurice will not be long, and I sjiall be delighted to thank him- for all his kindness and hospitality toward you." GenevievcJ trembled with terror at the Idea of a meeting between Her lover and husband. She rained herself by an effort, saying, calmly : " It is finished, monsieur, and I am readi ynow." DixmeH went out first, and the tremb ling Genevieve followed him. With half closed eyes, her holad turned round to look her lust, she ascended the carriage which was waiting at the door. It rolled away. As Genevieve had truly snid—it was finished. 