"y I iw iI Eli CHAPTER XII. THEY BOTH RAVE THEIR BBO?ETe. The time came when Pinnie could move around the house, and he fretted not a lit tle as to his future course. It never occurred to him, or his friends, that he would return to the school. At that institution there was little change. The Tiger never inquired for the boy, he may possibly have known-the means of knowing such things at the com mand of this wealthy Spaniard were far greater than that possessed by the city secrotservice; and it was an exceedingly curious fact-as stated by the chief of police -that Spanero had gone on to the Chamber of Commerce once, as a total stranger, and made a small fortune. He sold "futures" in consols. Three days after, a sailing packet came with the news that consols had drop ped to such an extent that Spanero reaped a great harvest. It was secretly understood that in some way Spanero was interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, but not the slightest clue could be obtained as to the nature of this Interest. These weeks were not without events. The man who kept the restaurant from whence the Tiger's meals were brought, had a little private office in the rear corner. This small room was noticeable on account of its bareness, the furniture consisting of two fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, but ceiled. It had but one window, and that was un usually high and small. If there were any place to store things in this little don it must have been in the wall by secret panel, for not even a box rested upon the floor. There was a door leading into the restaur ant, and another opening to the alley at the rear. These doors are trimmed with spring locks, both opening from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem to have, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped In accidentally re peated the accident. There was a waiter and he was deaf. The cook room was a rear room in the nextbuilding, connected by a swing door. This side of the square ex tended into the disreputable district, a sort of thieves' quarters. Every city has such sections, and usually in close proximity to the respectable city. In this building a part of the history we are narrating transpires. At 1 o'clock in the morning, two of the most interesting characters it will over be our misfortuno to ieoot occupy the grimy and insecure chairs mentioned as the furniture of the private room. One of these was the proprietor of the restaurant. His round, lumpy head and high bare forehead wore surmounted with a closely cropped covering of hair-a style not at all in vogue at that time. This mlan was probably forty-five years of ago. The face was'broad and brown, leathery, and linesrather than wrinkles crossed it, out lines of passion and sensuality. But his mouth was not thick and animal, on the contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely determined. If the reader has in mind a picture of Spanero, let this individ ual be the contrary in feature. He was un der hight, but stoutly built. His clothing was of dark gray stuff, old and greasy, and his hands clumsy and repulsive. He was a powerful man and a character. A candle was flaring in the room on a chimney cornice, and cast an unhealthy and unfavorable light upon this person and his companion. The latter was gaunt, tall and angular. Chest sunken, bald head, always covered by a consumptive-looking old wreck of a cap; he was of ashen-gray countenance, large, red-streaked eyes. "When he moved, his limbs moved only. His nose was slight ly Romanized, and his teeth were waiting for the dentist of the future. He was a spare, repulsive-looking creature, whom you would rather not meet in the night without your olub and a reliable dog. And yet, when he spoke, you listened to a soft, kindly voice-a voice which you would say you had heard before; and you would ransack memory to find the owner of the original-among all the gentlemen you had met in the past. On his feet were sheep skin shoes, with wool left on the bottoms. The gaunt, thin-faced man had a bad, graveyard cough. "I dunna see, Stub, what ye do wi' that cough whin yo're oot, moun?" said the short man, whose nalne, so far as Boston culture could inform us, was "Spoters." "What would I be doing with anything that I didn't want?" "WVhut wud uny meon be doon wi' t--wha, man, yud shut it up." "Yes, I do shut it up- and with this!" said Stub, his lank face and large eyes aglow as heobrought forth a small vial filled with pellets. " Un whut mut it be thut 1" asked Spoters. "That is the God that I worship. I am safe when that is with me, and in danger when it is not." "Un it doon't luk like opum." "But it comes from opium," replied Stub, "so they tell me, and it works mighty quick, too, for in ten minutes I feel it tingle, and in twenty it puts iron in my blood." "But, mon, it will kill thoo." "Can't do it too soon, Speters, I would not mind that, but the ghosts while I live I" "You're craoken in yor ooper story-un you better luve it aloon." "I believe you, Speters. I met a pair of lovers the other night, and in my mind was a dream of what took my chill frots ile years ago-and I looked up, and sure enough tihere was my child what was drowned-as big as life, just as I dreamed." "Thut shoos thut ye wont last much long er." "Your right again, for, upon my soul, I saw bIefore ie my own picture, as I was a slquidt hanging to my mother's apron strings ill old Carnbridge." 'Yu dild? And whlut did ya say to ycr self?" asked Spotors, with a grin which call al up the idea of a graveyard. "I dildn't say a word to myself. I looked at myself and myself looked at tme I and upon mly isoul if mtyself didn't faint aiwayl" "iu we doon't blatlo myself for that," sug gosted Speoters. "IN ANOTII:R MOMENT TIlE TWO MEN WEIRE DIOGIING IN AI'ASSAGE.WAY TIHE DlIlE ThIN OI WHICII WAHTOWAILID TIHE FOUND ATION OP THIE 'U1100L IIUlBUIDIN1.' "uit, whilt hlan1 1 to ndo with it? If it was a lad, why should he tumible over?" "Sure an' wouldn't yer dooty kill a man at closo quarl:tor1?" Stub oponed his thin jaws and took a plil into his mouth, and smikeltod his lips. "It wns a ghost, Spotors-I know them, thore Wams no no n there." "At' yur not afrail uv um?" "Afraid, man'? Why man, what careo a inan who has nothing to live for? Live for What'I get? No, Spetora, no, there is no fear to a man who don't care when he tum bles off the wharf." "Why don't you tumble yourself off I" said Speters. "Because I haven't killed a Spaniard yet?" replied Stub. "'Hey a csu'e, Stub," said the other, with a heavy frown. "Hey a care about the Spun yard. Our mon he a Spunyard." "And I knew that, too-or I wouldn't have been here." And so the interesting twain sat and talk ed for a quarter of an hour longer. It is not hard to see that Stub has been a man of parts. His language has but a slight mix ture of dialect, and even at this time accent and pronunciation pointed to no inconsider able culture. The thieves vocabulary had not yet been invented. But the language of Speters was still more of a puzzle-simply because his dialect was strained, and evi dently a poor attempt to reach the North England type. With all the depravity evi dent in the make up of Stub, there was no question but that Speters was the most des perate villain of the two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outer door, a key was thrust into the lock, and the Tiger entered. He glanced at Stub a moment, and tura ing to Speters, said: "Is this the man?" "The man" had his cold, steel-gray eyes on the Tiger. It was not the glance that he had before cast upon a supposed ghost. It had something of strength in it. He took another pill. "This is the mun," replied Speters. "And has he done his work to-night?" "Befoor we ahnswer thut, cap," said the short, stout villain, bringing his small, ser pent eyes upon the Tiger, "we will talk uv soomthing ulse." "WVell, talk of what you want to, but get off from that brogue and do your practicing on the devil." "That is all right, sir; but that is not what I have to My," returned the villain, changing his method of speech. "If you have anythling you wish to say be fore this man; go ahead." "It is before this very man," said Speters, sullenly. Spanero walked across the floor, a heavy frown resting upon his face. "Drive on," he muttered. "All I have to say is a devil of a little. It is that we want to know the bilk in the glitter for us." "Have you not been well paid for your services ?" "Noo, we Iha' noot." "Don't you get this d----d croak's nest for nothing?" said Spanoro. "Whut o' that? Hev yo not crooked the bilk o' thousands here thelsel'l" "Do I not pay you well for running this cookshopl" "An hey ye notyer oon spun in the dish'" "Well, out with it, nman," sputtered Span oro, still walking back and forth. "If you have anything to say, let it out." "And I hev this to say, captain: 'If that ere coop is busted next week, he will hove his thoord, and me will hey my thoord, and ye will heyv yoor thoord-and that is all there be to it."' "And if you don't get a fl' put note?" "Then pard an' me won't divide it up wi' ye." Spanoro took this all very coolly. He waited a moment and then drew a silver mounted pistol from his side coat pocket one of the long-barreled, flint-lock weapons -took his handkerchief and polished the barrel as he said: "Speters, we will have no words about this jo. You will do as I direct, and no grutnbl. , either. If you make me trouble I will put a bullet into your head, and if you spout I will have yott hung to the bridge within an hour by a mob-do you under stand ?" "No, I don't," returned the other. "Do you want mo to explain?" asked Span ero, bringing the pistol to bear upon Spo tors' face. During this somewhat interesting proceed ing Stub, who apparently was not acquaint ed with Spanero, sat with his chin on his breast and his eyes closed. He did not raise his lids even under the inspiration of a possiblo row or even itlllder-such is a man norisln of the criminal class. Nor did Speters blink. In a cold, icy tone he replied : " Spanero, if you play me foul, as you have another, you will be shaken out in an hour and your rookeries burned to the ground. Put up that nonsense-I am not a raid of ye." "This weayon, Speters, is quicker than a knife, and I propose to stop this grumbling at once and for all." "You do?" said Speters, sharply. "Else there will be war between us." "Then it will be war," replied the'thickset man carelessly, throwing one leg over the other. "Speters is a beautiful name, isn't itt Now, you have not told this man here your other name. He looks like a gentleman bo side you, and I don't think you are a fit mar for himn to associate with. Shall lintroduce you to him?" "Look out, Spaniard," said the villain arousing Ilinlself. "You kill ole, Spotors, at your leisure; and when I die a letter will be opented at po lice headquarters of this city which will sot every one of these cursed new-faugled telo grapllhs in motion. Do you know what they will say?" asked the Tiger, fastening his gray eyes on the leathery face before him. "No. What's it all aboot, anyhow?" "TWell, it's about summoning every spy, detective and offillcer in this couniry to in stant duty." "It wouldi" "And then a Untited States clipper cruiser wolul go to France to warn the contuinent and Eniglatndl." "And witat for?" "To hang you," said Spanoro. The villain raisod hIis eyes to the Span lard's face, aid tlOhey looked at each other steadily for a motment. Then Speteors let fly a single word: "Helii" "Yes, they want to find an assassin-one who kills l)rinices and breaks up crown jemv els-seo?' Like a snako untcoiling after a fright, the I tense mIuscles of Spotors loosen and his knit brow relaxes. uenll Io says moodily: "What will they do with the principal in that little affair?" "Ho will be dead. You will have killed him." "Spaniard, put up that pistol. Have your own0 way." Spanoro put it out of sight and moved to the door. "Speters, Plnnio is still at the lawyer's house. I want either you or this man to cook him." Spanero withdrew and closed the door; but iummediately opened it again, thrust in his head and said: "The notice hles gone to headquarters that if Mr. North brings funds with him from Philadelphia he had better take it to his house, and keep the business ofilco under full guard." He then withdrew. Spoters looked up and said: "Stub, what makes your eyes so bright?" The fact was that Stuib was sitting up as straight as a militia colonel. his eyes bril iiant and his cheeks aflame. "It's the cough medicinel" "Was there something about Spanero that brought out the pillst" "Ye-," replied Stub, "But I don't know what it was." "Then you don't know this hell brat?" "No." "It is well; but did you get into the house?" "Yes. I entered two of the rooms." "You're a cat." "I inspected all the lighted rooms from the outslde and from the projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms I entered by a largo chimney, in which there had been no tires for a long time." "Wonderfull Did you locate the muni mont roon?" "Yes, and can get into it without breaking a wall or a lock." "Give it to us easy, Stub." "I' faith I speak the truth. I saw the keys taken from a panel when I was in the room." "The devil I" "Yes," said Stub. "I stood in the fireplace. and, curse my miserable soul, if I didn't have to hustle to get there, when a fine old lady entered with a candle-and all that crowd in the other rooms, too." "Scrapsl" ejaculated the other man. "Yes, Spoters, and, by the ragged St. Francis, the old lady looked right at me, squarely-and she didn't know it-I didn't have my party clothes on, you see." "She would have sworn she looked at the devil!" "She unlocked a little panel in the old fashioned wainscotted wall, and took out the keys. The jim end of my knife will forcelt, and there are but two doors to the vault. It is off from an old dining-room--used in the old Dutch days. But the most singular thing was what I saw in the crowd, through the windows-the young woman who was with my spook- the'ono that fainted away." "Spook?" Asked Spoter. "Yes. The slimins with the big eyes. The other one of myself. "Wonder if that spook isn't Pinnie'" "The chap what the boss wanted us to put under covert" "That's the chick, Stub." "WVell this fellow will not go under sod again-not until I gol" "Well, let us go hence," said Speters, suddenly chlanging the subject. Without a word the two men passed out into the rostaurant room. They silently wonlted their way behind a liquor counter, lifted a trap door, and, in the darknoss, si lently dropped to the cellar below. Witholltstumnbling over any of the nu merous kegs and casks, the villainous twain nlale their way to the corner of the cellar, directly under the private rooml they had re cently left. Speters scratched one of the thou recently invented lucifer matches, and lighted two bull's-eye oil lanterns. In another mloment the two men were dig ging in a passageway, the direction of l hich was toward the .foundations of the "school building." The corner of the brick work of that inte rior building was, perhaps, 150 feet away fromn the rear of the restaurlant, and in that interior structure. on the first floor, was the vault or the troeasur roolnm of Spanoro. Upon the outlilld was buit la lauk wall up to the fourth floor, and then a single window mark ed the pace where the Npanish artist's private room was, adjoining his office. ,And here we leave the precious twain to their dark work-in which .the Tiger was probably not a partner. 