THE NOVELIST. " All's Well that Ends Well." And fclion ho — Dudloy — had actually been so mad as to interfere in what, when told, would to be a vulgar 'row,' had assaulted a perfect stranger for the woman's sake, and had insited umm pre- senting her companion with a sovereign for .her cab-faro. Slid, wcro the bald facts ; and how rn ;lil ho relate them to his brother with out- creating in the letter's mind an impression of astonishment und amuse ment. i ct in his heart Dudley remained, even bv the coldly disillusionising process of ni-xi morning's reasoning, obstinately ci m i inced that the beautiful heroine of !»: i night's adventure was a refined and b: el. -minded lady, that her visit to the !'i-.iirc with her companion was made .-. - I ; / for the purpose of meeting the fnir y ' - ' i ig man, and, further, that her motive o meeting him was a wholly laudable one. He hod not arrived at these conclusions entirely by the accident of falling in love with her. For the space of an hour or more she had been under his notice, and he. was by nature and practice a keen observer. There had been nothing in the least coquettish or volatile about her whole bearing. It was clear to him that she had never before visited a music-hull, from tho glances of curiosity without any speciul interest which she had cast around tho building on first taking her seat. The entertainment, good as it was of its kind, evidently bored her, and its patrons interested her little more ; for, although she did not fail to note every fresh arrival, her eyes never rested for more than the briefest glance upon any man present, with the one exception of Dudley, until the coming of the man for whom she was waiting. As to her connection with this latter personage, Dudley was puzzled. Both ho and she were tall, fair, and blue-eyed, with . .. , jtionolly regular features. Could she to the young man's sister. But, had. .dm been so, would she not have pro- ' icd the relationship. ' 3 could think no ill of her. In his evil could not exist with those sad ng eyes, that queenly bearing, and of cooing softness. As to the lintrcd :n i, the fear he had seen plainly stamped iii,.i flirt viiuvirr ninn'u fu/»rt flirt Inffrti linri IJ» lumiumwi., 1» drinking heavily, and was not n- nsible either for his words or his no ,ns. Else how could he, a gentleman <!|, . rcntly by education and position, . l.u-vo lowered himself to strike a woman who pleaded to him. Nevertheless Dudley's inind was troubled. ' A presentment, so strong that I,-1 did not even try to master it, told him that he und this woman would meet again, ut.i1 that she was detained to exercise a ,»>.- . rful influence of some sort upon his tir : ;c life. He scarcely knew whether l hr thought made him glad or sorry. Hi" life had been but little troubled by . ... love affairs for at least five years. He . ; i'jai! Known he was too poor to marry, uni. had cherished in his heart a tender ' sent il .lent for the little gray-eyed English . - girl who had died another man's wife, V ... thru-i years ago, telling himself that, hqil for. tulie smiled upon him, there indeed was woman whom ho could have loved. 1 om ephemeral love-affairs or flirta- t; influence of tho 'Little Mother' had 1 "A both brothers exeeptionally free. Madame Vietoire Hcvelsworth was so young, so pretty, so kind and sympathetic, she worked so hard to make their home comfortable and happy, and she enjoyed herself so thoroughly and did them such credit by her charming appearance when slio went out on fete days with lier ' two big sons,' as she termed them, that the longing for feminine influence about the plaee and for a tender woman's care in illness was never felt by these fortunntq young men, in whom there grew with their growth, by constant association with a sweet and unselfish woman, a great tenderness and reverence towards women in general, and a strong dislike for any thing which could tend to lower in their eyes a sex which they were inclined to worship for one good woman's sake. Possibly this attitude of mind might account in part for Dudley's disinclination to think severely of the woman whose beauty had so greatly excited bis imagin ation on the preceding evening. Certain it was that he could not tear to make her the subject of unflattering comment, even from an utter stranger to her, such as bis brother Victor, who in all probability would never in his life behold her. No reserve restrained Victor from a full recital of 'his adventures. He talked over them at breakfast and during their morning stroll, and was still discoursing on tho subject of the paiety dancer's steps and smiles when, on their return to the hotel for luncheon', a telegram marked ' ltevelsworth ' was handed to them from the office. The wording was laconic— 'Aunt wishes to see you ut once. Advisable to go. 'Simpson.' Thero was no gainsaying such a message. By the waiter's advice — for neither Dudloy jior Victor hud ever before visited the environs of London — the brothers took a train from Waterloo to Teddington, whence they proceeded by omnibus through Bushcy Park to the Pulacc Green. It was too curly in the year for cheap and crowded excursions, a lovely day in early April, the cliestnut-trees in the famous avenue robed in fresh young leaves, which rivalled in beauty the dust-flecked pink and white 'candles' which would deck them later. The driver of their omnibus wus loquacious, and readily imparted local information to the ugrcc- nolo 'tumuccr who .sutiitiiisngiitiiunii. From him Victor gathered that the private apartments at the Palace were tenanted by a ' lot of German paupers ' — a statement which the young stranger afterwards found to bo wholly incorrect, tho tenants in question being ulniost without exception Scotch ladies of distin guished family. Furthermore, the driver opined that there was too much competi tion in tho 'bus trade, und that tips was ' not what they was.' He wound up by some astonishing stock anecdotes regarding local celebrities, chief among whom the brothers had little difficulty in recognising 'their unknown aunt. « There's an old lady living on that there Green,' tho driver said, jerking his . whip forward, ' as is the most astonishing pld cherekter you ever 'eurd tell on. She's rolling in money — three millions if she 'as a pound, as I've 'eard Bay — and yet do you think sho'U give a penny for local improvements and fercilities for getting ere. Not she. Sho 'atcs excursionists, and, if she 'ad her way, she'd shut tlicm out of the Green and the Palace too. With 'er money she might 'ave in 'er stables as pretty a bit of 'orscflesh as you might wish tcr sec. But, would yer believe it, she lets herself he druv ateut in a basket-work chair tied to a donkey, and hires 'er stables out to a gentleman living on the other side of the Green. A real gentleman 'c is, and no mistake, as free with 'is money — and from what I 'ear 'e ain't got too much of it — ns she's close with ers. But that s alius the way with tlicm millionnuires. An' wot's the good of money to 'er 1 She's eighty if she's a day, though she don't look it, and she ain't got no kith nor kin and nobody in the 'ouse with 'er hut a little companion sorter person, and a cook wot ain't got a civil word for a soul, an' an 'ousemaid that's changed once a month, an' a man servant that is the cross-graindest creature going, and an imperent boy of his wot runs errands nnd takes out the dogs — as to which I must say they're good breed, every inch of 'em blood and tene — a hull an' a mastiff and a boarhound — nice lady's pets, I must say- A friend of mine sold 'er the mastiff last summer. 'I want somethink murderous,' says she— 'some- tliik that can kill a burglar and isn't afraid of ghosts.' My friend 'e says he could warrant a dog us could pin down nnythink living ; but as for dead meat, 'e couldn't give no guarantee — not 'e. But, take 'er for all in all, she's a sing'lar old customer is old Mrs. Revelsworth. Pull up, my beauties. 'Ere you are, sir ; an 'ere's the 'istorieal Palace, where 'Enry the Eighth cut off his wives' 'ends. But you'll find all about that in the eattylog. I ain't much of a ono for 'ist'ry myself. Good day, sir, and thankee.' ltevelsworth House was a long, low, red-brick residence, mellowed by time into a purplish tint, and overrun in summer bywisteria and Virginia- creeper trained upon trellis-work over the entire front of the building. At the liack of tho house was a stone- paved yard hemmed in by stables ; in the front, a small garden, bordered by a wall and more trellis-work, divided it from the footpath, the roadway, anil the Green. And from any of the front windows, by rMHtTiiTitr nnn'fi nr'i'l. a "Otwl view of the Falncc gates, the barracks, und the entrance to the first court could be obtained. Tradition said that Revelsworth House was as old ns the Palace itself — by fnr the oldest house on the Green ; but in George the Third's reign the then owner hud replaced tho red roof-tiles with slates, put up new chimneys, nnd built out n large und incongruous bay, which, supported verandah-wise on slender iron pillars over tho dinning-room on the ground- floor, caused that apartment to he enveloped, winter nnd summer, in Cimmerian gloom. The entire appearance of the house having teen altered by the architectural freaks, it retained little, if any, of its Tudor character. The heavy gateway of stunted red-brick pillars surmounted by discoloured stone globes belonged to a much later period, liaving been erected In the (lays of Good Queen Anno, and the door of the liuuse, a piece of very old, very solid timber providcntuilly left to its own natural colour, was surmounted by an odd little shell-shaped portico, painted white and wholly out of keeping with the rest of the building. In spite of the tulips, hyacinths, and daffodils making gay the little shaped beds in the front-garden und window-lxixcs round the deep buy projection on the first- floor level, there wus something forbidding in the aspect of the house. Ono could not by any stretch of imagination conjure up tho thought of little fair-haired children toddling in and out of that gloomy worm- eaten old door, or chasing each other along the narrow stone-paved paths of the prim garden. A sober and austere personality was suggested by the very exterior of the place, to which only the garden flowers and the window-boxes gay with primroses gave relief ; and it was with a shock of the unexpected that Dudley and Victor ltevelsworth found that, iii answer to their pull nt the chain which hung beneath the entrance porch, the door was opened by no gloomy-faced family retainer, but by a slender little maid in a blue serge gown which barely readied her ankles, a little maid whose curly dark hair, round dimpled face, and quick move ments brought with a loving thrill the memory of the 1 Little Mother ' they had left behind in Paris. ' Is Mrs. Revelsworth in, if you please,' Victor inquired, divining with remarkable acumen that tho girl was not a servant, in spite of the plainness of her dress and the white muslin apron she wore. He raised his lint as he spoke, and the little maid blushed all over her face and shyly smiled. ' Mrs. Revelsworth is in ; and — it is Mr. Revelsworth, is it not.' Victor answered in the allinnative, smiling buck nt her. She was such a neat, trim, tiny creature, and withal so friendly, that it was difficult to avoid smiling at her. Barely five feet in height, with silky dark hair cut short ns a boy's, hazel eyes that were full of laughter, a short childish nose, a curved and extremely kissublo little red mouth, a figure of girlish grace and slimncss, and diminutive hands mid feet, it wus not easy at first sight to divine her age, which might luivo been anything between fifteen and twenty. The spirits of tetli young men arose at sight of her. Whatever might te tho unpleasant idiosyncrasies of that 'sing'lar >>M customer ' Sirs. Revelsworth. it was satisfactory to know, in the event of her requiring their frequent presence, that here in the house was a sunny and feminine personality, who in height and build nnd cheery voice nnd smile recalled to tlicm their lost ' Petite.' The liall across which she led them was narrow, hardly any wider, in fact, then the so-called ' halls ' supplied to modern semi-detatclied villas. Later on Dudley ascertained that it was tho Vandal owner of Gcorgo the Third's time who had sul>- divided the wide Tudor hall with oak partitions, which an oven more inartistic successor in the early days of Queen Victoria had liberally coated with dis figuring whitewash. Some stags' heads and antlers were fastened at intervals along the panelled woodwork, which led to 9 staircaao : of shallow oak steps and massive balusters altogether out of keeping, by reason of its width and import ance, with the present cramped condition of the liall. Oil tho first floor was a very long narrow passage, lighted by three windows over looking the court-yard, and terminated at each end by a door. Tho little guide paused before tho dm n on her left hand at top of staircase, and turned in a hesitating maimer towards the two young men. ' Perhaps I oughtn't lo have shown you right up at first,' she suid ingenuously; 'but I had been watching for you from tho dining-room window ever since luiiolieon, ana l was so excncu mm. i ior- got. Would you mind waiting here in the passage a few moments while I go and prepare Mrs. Revelsworth to receive you.' Thereupon she disappeared through the door on the left, whence sho emerged after a short absence, brimming over with suppressed laughter. 8he has made me describe you both,' sho whispered. 'She will see you now. And don't be hurt by anything she says,' she added with her hand upon the door ; ' she doesn't mean to be disagreeable.' Die room into which she ushered them was a very large one, extending as it did right through the house, from the hay in front to the wall at tho back, in which there were two large modern windows overlooking the court-yard and stables. Tho furniture belonged to two generations buck, ottomans, settees, arm-chairs and sofas, solidly made and upholstered in amber damask, covered with washed-out cretonne. Stuffed birds and wax-work flowers in glass cases, a chandelier and canUie-stieKs adorned witn cut-glass pen dants, old-fashioned water-colours in ornate gold frames, a sharp and a grand piano, both carefully veiled in brown holland, nnd chairs and fire-screens covered with woolwork flowers, spoke as clearly as did the marble mantclpcico and huge gilt clock, surmounting it of the conservative tastes and strict economy of the lady of tho house. Mrs. Revelsworth wus seated in the bay-window, shielded from the spring sun shine by a partially-lowered Venetian blind and by nil old-fashioned round green fan on a pivot fixed upon a table teside her chair. A very large gilded cage con taining a gray parrot, und another smaller cage for a pair of love-birds, occupied favourable positions in the bay, and a ferocious-looking while hull- dog, wtih crimson eyes, a protruding jaw, and hardly the semblance of a nose stretched upon a white fur rug at her feet. Margaret Rcvelsworl h Ixire her seventy- nine and half years well. She was a tall woman, wonderfully erect for her age, with well-nnirked features, heavy dark eyebrows over keen 1 due-gray eyes, gray lmir brushed smoothly down on either side of her face, and a remarkably goixl complexion. Her dress of purple silk, white luce cap with purple tews, and white cashmere shawl had clearly been dunned for the occasion ; hut the young men were afterwards to learn that the diamond cross which gleamed among the lace on the collnr of her gown, the valuable ring on her fingers, and long drop-earrings of pearls and diamonds in her ears were part of Mrs. Revelsworth's habitual costume for every dqy. The old lady scrutinised the two young men attentively as they approached her before proffering to tliein a hand, yellow and wrinkled, but possessing power of grip thut many a younger woman plight have envied. 'Sit down,' she said imperatively. ' Betty, bring two chairs up. It isn't thut my sight is going— don't fancy it. It's simply that, with the sun's rays so strong nnd direct, it isn't easy to make out any thing clearly, b'o you're Dudley's teys — not much doubt about that in your case', sho added addressing herself to Dudley. 'You're a Revelsworth every inch of you — tall frame, big shoulders, bright colour, blue eyes and all. When I was a single woman I'd sooner have married your father than cousin .John, though I was a goixl hit older than either of them. And that's the French liny. Not much look of n Revelsworth about him. What were Dudley and Marolil iilxuit, marrving foreigners. You're like your mother, I suppose,' she nrked Victor abruptly. ' No, miidiimc. I reget to say 1 do not resemble my mother, who is very lovely.' 'Humph! Makes up, I suppose, like most Frenchwomen ! ' She does not need to,1 interposed Dudley hastily, noting the ungry colour which rose to his brother's brow. ' V ictor's mother, my step- mother, who has been a mother to me, is so extremely pretty that she does not require art to enhance her attractions 1 ' 'So she has got round yqu tool' observed this disagreeable old lady., 'And why husn't this paragon come 'fd England with you t' 'Unfortunately, miulaine, she does not like England or the'manners of the English.' . i < ' Mine, I suppose-voir-mcan 1 1 Mrs. Revelsworth said, 'WitlrTf short laugh. 'But I'm too old to have thorn Frenchified now. They've served me for nourlv eighty years.' 'You're a cat,' shrieked the parrot, without the slightest -wa ruing ; and little Betty ducked her head ' behind Mrs. Revelsworth's ehair to hide her laughing face. 'I hear from Simpson,' Mrs.- Revelsworth went on, ignoring the interruption, 1 that you two have been earning your living in Paris, teaching, or fiddling, or scribbling, or something. Have you made any money by it V i ' Enough nt least to make us indepen dent,' answered Dudley. 'Nobody's independent who hasn't a big telunco at the hank.' suid the ladv. 'Independence on nothing a year is. simply false pride.' 'You're a cat!' screamed tho parrot again. ' Betty, put Polly's cover on. Why haven't you applied to your relatives in England all these years ; And why didn't your father and your uncle Harold come to me for help any time these twenty years, instead of working themselves to deatli in a foreign country and marrying heathens;' Bnt this was more than Victor could endure. Springing from his scut, und disregarding tlic imploring looks cast at him by little Betty Troth behind liel- employer's chair, lie addressed hi aunt in tones which vibrated with emotion, his French accent manifesting itself strongly, as it invariably did whenever ho became excited. ' You aro altogether misinformed, madame, ' lie begun, with scrupulous politeness. 'Of my uncle Harold's wife I know nothing but that sho was an Italian, lady of noble family and very beautiful. But of my mother to me, I must tell you, madame, that a women more really religious, more entirely a Christian does not exist in this world. Here is the third time in five minutes since that we arrive in this house that you have made accusa tions against my mother ; and you must pardon me, madame, if I can no mure listen. I beg that you will permit me to take my leave!' ' Bless my heart ! Here are heroics ! murmured Mrs. Revelsworth. 'And pray aro you going tool' she asked of Dudley, who had risen also. 1 My brother expressed my .sentiments in every word lie said ! ' returned Dudley stiffly. 'Then you arc a pair of fools 1 ' cried Sirs. Revelsworth, sitting up and vigorously slapping the arms of her carvcd-onk arm chair. ' Do you know that there is a million at stake, and that I can leave it to any Revelsworth I please 1 And, if you two boys persist in making fools of your selves, it will be odd if I cannot some where unearth aRevelsworth to whom to leave it. A couple of self-opinionated young prigs 1 Betty, there's tho postman — every post may bring an answer to my advertisement— run down and fetch the letters 1 And you two sit down — sit down, I say, as an old woman bids you — asks you to do, in her own house ! ' The brothers resumed their seats, feeling HUIUCti IlUl> lOUlibilj ilHU hXtlUHwIj and upon their dignity. ' You're both Revelsworths in temper, I .see,' their aunt observed more genially after a pause. 'Pig-headed, like all tho rest of us, and firing up at a word. AVell, I don't like you the less for being rude to me in spite of my money. And, ns to the Frency lady, wc won't discuss her while you are staying with me. Does that expression surprise you ? ' she asked, its both young men looked lip hurriedly. ' And will it surprise you still more to learn that you'll have te take up your abode here, in this dull old house with n cross old woman, for at least a year ! You won't find it amusing after Paris, I dure say, ; hut I've got to learn something of you, and there's no way so good its lmviiur vou under mv own eves in niv own house all the time. Before the brothers could comment upon this unexpected suggestion little Betty returned with a letter, which Mrs. Revel.sworth ut once opened and proceeded to read through, holding it at a little distance from her eyes hut disdaining the use of spectacles. Clearly the news the letter contained was of an interesting nature, for the old lady flushed a little, frowned, and finally put it down with a short laugh and glaeed keenly across at her nephews. 'So another Revelsworth has appeared on the seene!' she said. ' My lawyer Simpson informs me that at half-past ten o'clock this morning a lady called at his office and sent up her inline as Miss Francesco, Revelswo.rth. She had arrived in London on business, s" she told him, on the precech'ii tow!' hiul seen, quite by accident, the advertisement I caused to be inserted. Being the only child child of Harold Revelsworth, she called at Simpson's olliee, anil was apparently able to prove her identity to his satisfaction. More than that— she is coming down here to-night. So that I shall have,' the old lady concluded, as she settled herself in her iirm-ehuir with an air of untieipative enjoyment, ' the satisfaction of seeing all three claimants lo the Revelsworth name nnd fortune gathered together under the same roof ! ' A pause followed this startling announce ment. Then Dudley sjHikc, not without trepidation, for this outsjHikeiiVlomineering old lady was clearly accustomed toluive her own way in everything. ' Do I understand thut you wish us — niv brother and myself- to spend the night here.' ' IV by not,' asked .Margaret Revel.sworth. 'You are not liko girls, to te missing your power- pulls and dressing-gowns. The shops close early in the village. Wo dine at seven. You have plenty of time to go anil buy n tooth-brush. Betty, my dear, you can take the cover off Polly now. These young men are going for a walk until dinner. And understand, boys, I inn not 1 Madame ' or anything foreign, hut simply 'aunt Margaret.' Oh, mid before you go you must, know that this is my companion and secretary, little Betty Munniiigton. Her father was JUy cousin — cousin on the father's side, for I suppose you know my mother was a Revelsworth who married a Mannington. Betty here isn't u Revelsworth ; hut sho is u very good child. Now you can go. First dinner-bell is ten minutes to seven, and I have never been kept waiting in my life.' Not until they reached Hampton Court Bridge did the young men feel themselves to be out of the range of aunt's keen eves On the bridge they stopped, looked at each other, and .simultaneously hurst out laughing. .' Bui she is insupportable, this aunt,' exclaimed Victor ; while Dudley took off hut nnd ran his fingers through his short curly hair in n maimer habitual to him when disturbed in mind. 'If she speaks one word to me more about my mother, I shall rise, I shall how, und I shall say, 'Madame, jam may keep your extremely truthful mid sagacious parrot, who entirely understands your nature, and your atrocious boule-dogue, and your mistv litt le green birds, and likewise your fortune. For me, T cherish the name of my mother mure mguiy uiau all liiesu wuiigs. 1 le spoke half in earnest, half in jest, with the theatrical exaggeration habitual to most men of French origin. His brother laughed and slapped him on tho shoiildcr. 'You wouldn't Ixs such an nsss,' he said quietly. 'After all, setting aside her rudeness and her prejudices, wluit she said ivns: quite right. If she's got to leave the numcy between lier nephews and iteiees, sho must learn something about them. I think you'll find she will have sense enough to leave the subject of our ' Little Mother ' alone ; and, apart from her abrupt and uncomplimentary manners, do you know I think I sluill liko that old lady very much.' (TO UK CONTINUKD.) 