CRICKET. A Dilatory Uniou IS IT ALIVE? AN AWAKENING NECESSARY; A meeting of tbe local Cricket Union : was to have been held last night, but only four members put in an appearance, and; as five constitute a quorum the meeting lapsed. This is indeed a pretty condition of affairs in a city like Bathurst. Here are all the clubs get ting ready for the ensuing season's en gagements and the Union, the body formed for the purpose of guiding and controlling those clubs, shows in its con- j stitution a number of people with not enough interest in the affairs of the season to find a quorum at the annual meeting. It is currently reported among players that the Union has either ceased to exist or is abont to £ive up the ghost. If this is so it would be as well for it to do so respectably and promptly, make its finan cial (Statement and let those who have an interest in the game in Bathurst take step* to replace its members. It is essential, if cricket is to have the pro minence it deserves in such a great centre, that the Union should be very much alive and that itB businesq should be open, in all its details, to tbe oogni sance of every player connected with on affiliated club. A tired union or one conducted in a bole-and-corner manner can only have the effect of ruining the game, which is the opposite of the intention for its formation. 1+ is incumbent upon the Union to hold the annual meeting without delay, and let cricketers know whether or not it has outlived its usefulness. From the hearty interest that is felt in tbe 'kiog of games' by a very large number it would be a great pity for them to be hampered by the want of energy of a deadand alive union. It would be far preferable for the cricketers to go on without a body so made up. It would, however, be far better that some live people formed the union and that they were fulfilling the confidence of those who chose them, in trying tt) advance tbe game. A quick awakening is necessary ; a lethargy extending over the winter should surely be long enough. 