A Midshipman's Romance a> ! , FtmLisitso nv SrsoiAii 'AnnutaBMBNti: , By W. CLABK RUSSELL, Author of " Tiie Wrcok of the Grosyenor," Tho Golden Hope," "The Death Ship," "The Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tragedy," " A Sea Queen," "My Danish ' r ; 1 Sweetllcurt, " '.'The. Good Ship Mohock," "Alone on a-Widc, ' " "Wide Sea," "The Tale of the Ton," &c.;, &c..; : COPVBIQHT. V ' ' XptER'-ni;— (CimiMeij : Mlts. STUAKT breathed deep ; and repeatod, ' How very pxtraprdinafy- ! ; Aro yoti s'iro it wasn't' tlio ficttrd of ;>a littlo boy you saw ? ' , . ' No,' ,1 ahawered,, ' it was 11 'woman, just tho sanio lis ' that girl, only rihe is littler,'. : and I.. pointed . again;'''' boin'g g'reritly agitafed,':antl ngaitl ' thy inotber put dowit.my urm. . '..7 '. j- ' 'I, never beavd anything so ; extra ordinary, '. Baitl Mrs! Stuart, .'turning to ofl the fliprjVs&t;' Jsido'! .'U'er'-biotlier staring ut mu fixedly with precisely tbo cxpres- dioh.pfthe'jibuntpm. ''Tfidccd, it was not tii bti ! gathered , by' her looks that i .she . , feupw ; she . was concerned iu this talk. . _ - ' . ' Tho thing is easily explained,' snid my fatliov. . . ' A boy suffering from bad digestion pusses alone through a moon lighted .garden!;' be thinks be sues u ghost; I wondui' be didn't see twenty.' .The impression lie receives is such that .whuu .thp .next dny. ho tumbles into the pond, liis brain reproduces the image of the proviptis ovonipg.' ' Did. you. over dream of Muster "Walter, Belle?' asked Mrs. Stuart. No, '.answered the little girl, 'Have you ovoi1 seeu llitu before?' ' No,' she replied. ' Huvo you ever mot her before now ?' she inquired, addressing me! 1 Not beforo thut night,'- 1 answered. ' I never heard anything so strange,' said Mrs. Stuurt. ' How old is Master Walter?' and slio looked at mo with a. singular expression, as though I had boon a mummy or something strange and frightful, like an Asiatic god in a show. 'He will he eight in February,' an swered my mother. ' Six mohths older than Belle. Look again at my little daughter, Master Walter,' said she, ' and tell me if you see the same likeness you saw when you first carao into tho room.' ' Tt's the same,' I answered. ; ' Come close to her. You're not afraid of your phautom, I hope,' silid sho with tm uneasy laugh and n glttnco at - my mother. . \- I stepped over to tho little girl, who put out her band, which I took. 'Perhaps she doesn't scorn so like, now that you're close ..to,' said Mrs. Stuart hopefully. ' Yes, sho. does,' I tiusworcd. 'She looks more like.' ' Can I see tho pond, Mr. Longraorc ? ' said Mrs. Stuart, jumping up with some excitement. We all sallied forth. I walked with the little girl.- I should not have walked with her of my own free will; but Bhe hung hack, aud, as it were, obliged mo to walk with her. 'Did you really see me the', other night ?' she asked. 1 Yes,' I said, ' of course I did.' ' How was I dressod . 1 You had nothing on,' I answered. 'Wasu'tl cold?' she exclaimed. ' ' But it wasn't you — it was — it was ' Here I begau to stutter, and came to a stop. My father u little ahead, wulk- iug with Mrs. Stuart and my mother, opportunely helped me. ' It was his stomach, and nothing else,' I heard htm say. . ' What do you play at ? ' said Bollo. ' 1 swim bouts, and I'm going to bo a sailor,' fluid I, as I desired to scorn a uiun in tho eyes of this young lady., ' VVill yoii pluy ut horses with me?' sho asked, in u wooing, plaintive voice. 'Oh, howM should love a run round these gat-dons.' ' ' 1 haven't any. rein,' l ucid. < 'Tape will - no,' she urietl. 'Oh, mother, we're goiug to play horses.' Tho thrcu Stopped to survey us. ' Bo. quick' then, :Belle,' said Sirs. Stuart, ' for, after I huvo seen the pond, I am going iiomei' . ' Let them enjoy themsolvos,' snid my father. ' We want tape to make roius with,1 said Belle.- - You'll find more than you waut in my work-basket, - Walter,' said my uiothor.' .' . ... , I -wtis a little, oXoitod,,aiid ;ran swiftly to the houso; but Hollo was at my hoels running us fast 'us I.: But I did not know this ,till l was .'in the dining-room ' with my. hand , 'upon the work-basket, and -then ; tho little, girl stood close beside me. I took out1 tr bundle of tape arid it pair of scissors ; and riiu with Bolln tq.the pond, at whose I rail; my father . und the ladies were stnuding. .. It was ho longer a pond.: The gnrdonor hud ' boon engaged for some days in : filling it Up, with barrows of 'mouldj upon tho ! snrfabe .of which ho proposed to ... spread a curt-load of. gravel. But the pedestal slidwcd uB'bo&d; quu fiiio o iitLuloof tbo pond lhy'elcarly defiiiod by;'tho rniling arid the. tangled " growths -which , wore so'ented hy the tyild- fiowoiv ,- . My mother made' me a" pair of reins, rind' away \Ve went. -How ;liappy was that child's .'laugli, liow: fairylikq 'hor movements! us she hounded ahead of me, imitating with tho grace of a woll- \- proporlaoncd littlo giH tho a:otipris,'of a- restive hoi'se. Her pale hair 'floated from under her hat, and I thought of tbo'eloud of'h'air that' swath,' at tho head : of tho figure iq the water. a Our racings ; carried US - two oV thrrio tiihri's round the grounds, and . then " our brenthlossness brought us to n halt' at tho top' of the v upper garden. '. Th ore wflS hshort stretoh i , orrgyass hero, arid awri'-thtw biivioRos j.' upon it. ' r. ' :" I ' litri. playing with' you'die said.' " 1 Whipu.may .I. cbmo and" pltiy' with you ! again?'''! J r': j ! I'll ask mother,' t ahswefed; '' ' Do. you go to 'school ?' ! 1 . D6 yo\i'?|',V'i>! .. . : taught.at homo hy agpyornesB. in 'Austrlilia. ' ' ' Dp --. ybu ; knbw hrii-o Jtiw-; tralia is'?' she asked, faitehing .'her . violet oyoann mWwRlTa very, earnest- ! gaze. t > - i < ' .'-It's - inttIb-world;,!'I:"nnsterl,, sheepishly. 'I shnll go tO-it'when l'm ; a ssiW.! . . - .. - - : \- Here I <heard my father -calling my name, so wo; inlerrhptod - the convorsar. tion by standing up aitd racing down to the pond. - . . ' Mamma cried tho girl, /when may I''0otno 5agriin td: ')jlay with this hoy?' ' Lot her come and drink tea with him to-morrow, -Mrs.- StUurt" said my father. ' If you" will "send h'or horo I promise ' to return bur to you iu safety at the hour you .nunic.' ' CHAPTER IV; .- . ScnooL. | "77 N the oldest part of the old town of Bouville there stood, and may yet t— s stand, a ). houso that 'i was f d r-' l lnorly a mouastery.- I 1 t w it s w i n g o d, . with elois- ters, and facud by a large square of playground. It wis walled round about, just as tlio district was ramparted, but a small portion of tho wall hieing the flower garden hud fallen, and tho gup was roplaced by a hedge. Though tho houso had been modern-: is'od, filled, with bedrooms and entiug- rooms in which jialo boys and elierry- ohcekcd hoys sat nil rows, rind dined or studied, a more thau monastic shadow hung upon the place to the eye thut surveyed it from the outside. The 'cloisters-.had been convorted into rooms in 'which fencing . was taught, and boxing. Tho loud call or Inugh of the hoys might in the colour of the day put tho austere spectres of the monks to flight, hut tlicy returned at' nightfall. Boys had seen them stnuding iri the doorways of tho cloisters ; others on peoring through bedroom -windows had beheld mysterious shapos moving iri the deep gloom uudcr tho tall trees whore the crows hung, their nests, and' these hoys had crept back to bed, and their whispers confessed what their perspira tion oonfirmod. This ancient monastic dwelling was now a boarding- school for young Eng lish gentlemen, kept by two parsons ; one a stooped, short, rather fat man whose boots crcakod, and who wus very proud of his white hands, and who, so it was said, wus' u iirst-olass Greek and Latin scholar. His name was tho Reverend Edward Cheshire;, the othor was the .Reverend "William Dodson. Mr. Dodson held tho lion's share in the school, occupied the house; and was a bachelor ; ho kept a housekeeper, u little, hard, restless woman of about iU'ty-iivo, whose . oyes : snapped between f.hn htimiliiiR - nf r!n<rlnf« wliu-ll Khnnrl blown up ovor each ear iu cauliflower- wig fashion. Dodsou, unlike Cheshire, was a tall man; a pink man ; he should havo beeu un Albino ; his oyolaslios wore white, his whiskers a very pale ginger,. his yellow hair as silky as u baby's. To this school I was one day dragged. I do not mean to say that I was hauled by strong raou through tlio streets, hut the heart thut lay in mo was so dread fully heavy that my legs almost refused to curry it, arid I staggered along by tuy mother's side, ofton -saying, ' 1 doji't want to go to school. Why don't father send me to sea? I want- to bo u sailor, not a beiistof u schoolboy.' Aud tho shudder of uu inward fit of blubber ing would wrench tne. : My luggago had jireeedctl mo. We arrived at the great gttto ; my mother pulled a long chain, and a' hullow-toned bell rang slowly, and wus still ringing in funereal heats, when u man with knouk-knees throw open the little door iu tho gate, arid we entered. We wore shown into the drawing- room. A schoolmaster's drawing-room is a sovoro scene of lifo to a littlo boy. Thcro are too many hooks ; they are too handsomely hound ; tlioy. suggest the prizes won by hoys at the cost of many pangs of the -flesh, ivntl loft by will to tlio muster by the- lads who hud died. This wits it very new. .drawing-troom. The cltuirs looked novel to bo sut upon. A- smell of sherry pervaded tho atoms- 'phoro. Wo waited in sileneo, both being too much awed to converse. In iibout fivo minutes Mr. Dodson. oame from tho .schoolroom, vory pink and tall, and hard. . i ' So this is our. young friend,', said he, extending/his hand to mc. .'Master iLongaioro,;! think.! ' Shako hands; : Walter,' said my mother. - e x-":.-- I staggered very awkwardly -and walked in a onosidod way up to him, lifting a Btiff arm. He just toriohed my hand, and then said . with nlurming familinvity : ' ' Now, LongWoi'o, run iuto. tho play ground and- amuse yourself With too swing until aohboTis ovor, whilst your mother and I have a few words.' _ . I mride'a groat outcry when it camo to my mother taking mo in her arms arid saying goodbye. Wo had never before been soparatod! I blubbered with all my might, resolved that tho sohooi- mastcr should coinprehond the extent of my Bufferings. Ho cried out, 'What,; is it possible that a young English lad of spirit should Oct liko a littlo girl 'in too presence . of his mother ? Would 'you be tied to your mother's apron! strings all your lifo ?' . !' \- I thought iu iny'.'hoart, yes, I would theu. -' !; '/; ' 'Ho took mcby too arm, led m'o to the house door, 7'ahd 'told' mo to run away iuto that piaygrriiiiid yonder, past the iron failing, aud ho 'advised mo not :to let too boys seb .what a girl I, was making of myself. ;' - . I! hung. about like li iiria'rooued sailof till a olock , struck " four. This was .iriimqdiately followed. '!hy, a,' sprintV nS though t they" - were . firing ' volleys of riiuSkritvy ' in > too ' sehholrpoiui - ; The voices !. of' hoys r talking . freely hummed- rieWy!i'nfo'the aiiVurid'.tooriiii'tliuudei' dqWn top! striifpasq tolled. Svith whistle, shriek, and shoiit, a long, stream of boys of rill sizes, arid different as thoy: woto numerous, saving two hoys ; who tvero twins,' fat aucl sluggish, looking its though tlioy woi'o tweuty-fivo years: old, though they wore not . "fourteen; so ;! absurdly alike that tile head of oiio ! wiis of toll punched in mis take for that of tlio' other, and I have known one of - tliota got out of a difli- oulty by saying that his brothof did it. It was idle for' the brother to protest. The - master. . ..eoiild not distinguish. Sohiebody inust ho whipped, aud its one twin -was slightly fritter than his brother, ho usually got tho stripes whether ho wus guilty or not, so tempting- is round ness, and what Squoors called oiliuess, to schoolmastors. The hoys covored too ground with running, rushing, leaping, ilying figures. They split the air with their throats. A smooth-faced man of the complexion of tallow, his hair combed behind his oars, and his bltie brott s shaved into a suggestion" of lofty iutellcct, cairio up . and asked in broken English why I was. I told him. - - !-I'm one of the French mastors,' said he, sponking kindly. ' Are you fresh from England ? ' \- 'No,T aren't,' I replied. ' ''Nothing to' he ushamotl of if- you were,' said he; ' and it is necossary that you should addross me us " sir," uutl say "sir" to top othor masters.' 'I ain't a Frenchman,' said I, deter mined .to have this matter put right. 'Do you dislike the French? " ttsked this muster, squinting, through some' defect of nerve, whilst lie smiled. 'They don't fight fair,' I replied. 'Thoy kick you oil tho shins, and i-uu- away if you give tlictn a bloody nose, and they throw stones.' . Ho -laughed at this with much good nature, anil then calling to a boy, suiil :' 1 lltiwdon, take this new boy, anil play with him. Show him the cloisters, and run him about to dry his eyes, for- he's an English boy.' Tho sarcasm was lost, and ho walked off. After this 1 havo no vorv elerir recollection of what became of mo. I may have played with ItawdoU. A lad ran away with my cap. I gave ohase, and hit him on the .Load, aud by other, tokons made him uuderstaud I desired to' fight him. ' Take your dirty cap,' says he, fling ing it at'mc", and he shot ofl. My spirited couduct on this occasion was not lost. - Certain senior boys had ob served what-passod, and though nothing was said, I knew afterwards 1 had pro duced it favourable irapvossion,-. At hrilf-prist 4 somebody ritug a hell —I beliuveit was the knock-kneed man —and wo pnsBed in, a cloud of boys, out of the playground into the room where the meats wore 'scrvod. This room, was as ancient us any' othor part of the building.' It was lofty uud long, and was furnished with three tables and benches arid a rat'nor shorter -'table cross wise at the bottom. At iutorvuls, like the large' iron ! nuts ; which keep a ship's cliaiuplntes fixed, Were .trenriliors of half louves of broad out into bread and butter; then to-shaped -into the original half -loaf with the crust on top. "We trooped in rind took our seuts, aud a gnllant flhoW of bojrs we inrido— lotnon- haired, black- haired, hrown-liairod, and all truo biue. Even my young heart lenpt up ut the sight of my " country's child ren. How . different tho gontlouianly woll-hrod English .schoolboy : from the French boy,' no 'matter how well bred uud gentlemanly ! No talking was allowed.; 'At the head, and foot, of eaah tabid sat a. master, who was served with a cup of tea, and an egg us a relish to. liis bread an'd butter: ! ' To" us : boys twas handed by tlio kubck-kucod riian a ih'iig of liquor retomhling- inilkr and watori : ; \- - . - ' rio. ne costriniED.l 