Papers for the People. FORGIVING SINS. What the Chuboh Does not. and Does Teach. You will hear non-Catholics declare that priests say they can forgive sins 1 cind they charge money for doing so'. That \ ? priests can forgive sins on certain conditions is true, but that they charge money for doing' bo is a wicked falsehood. Christ could forgive, sins and He. gave the same Godlike power to His Church for all time when He said to His Apostles: 'As the Father hath sent Me I send you. Receive ye they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained.' (John xx. 22, .31). Now, what are the conditions on which the priests of the Church are empowered to absolve from sin? The conditions on the part of the penitent are Contrition, Con fession and Satisfaction, that is to say, the penitent must be truly and. really sorry for his sins, because they offend God, and must be firmly resolved not to sin again. ? He must confess all his grievous sins to the priest and lay before him his naked heart; must confess to the priest his sins of thought, his sins of act, hia sins of omission. The penitent must in addition perform the work of penance prescribed by bhe confessor in satisfaction for his sins. He must also repair injury done his neighbour in goods or oharaoter. These, and these alone, are ordinarily the conditions on whioh actual grievous sin oan be forgiven , in' the Catholic Ohuroh. Is this an easy process? Is this ordeal calculated to, encourage the commission of sin, or 'is it not ? It has proved to be a most eflioient deter - rent from the commission bfsin. How much easier is the Protestant doctrine and, practice on this point. The Protestant says : ' Be lieve in Christ and all grevious sine will bo ' forgiven.' An easy system, truly. It is, indeed, salvation made easy, and the narrow road to heaven broadened and made smooth, ? *'? ? ? But is not your dootrine and practice of Indulgences calculated to debase and cor rupt? Your Indulgenoes are not only a pardon for past sins but a permission to com 1 rait future sins, and all this for a pecuniary ' consideration. This is a wioked Protostant misrepresentation and calumny. An Indulgence is not a pardon for sin or a permission to commit it. An Indulgence ia the remission of tho temporal punishment due for sin after the guilt and the eternal punishment duo for it have been for given. Wo have soveral proofs in Holy Writ that after tho guilt of sin has been forgiven there still remains duo for.it a temporal punishment. Thus Adam was for given the guilt of his sin, and yet what fearful temporal punishment had to be endured by , him for it. . He was banished from Paradise and was con demned to death. Famines, pestilence, wars, sickness and death and numberless other temporal chastisements have followed on the original .sin of Adam. David was forgiven his double sin of adultery and murder. And yet he was punished for it by the death of his child. Moses was for given his sin of doubt ; yet as a temporal punishment of it he was not allowed to enter the land of promise. It ia therefore certain that a temporal punishment remains due for sin after the guilt of it has been forgiven. Now the Church, by virtue of the power of loosing and binding left to her by Christ, can remit this temporal punishment on certain prescribed conditions—such as the worthy reception of the sacraments of Penance and the Blessed Eucharist, the recitation of certain prayers, aots of mor tification, alms deeds and other Works of mercy. There is nothing in all this to snow that an Indulgence is the pardon of sin or permission to commit it. This is, of course, another Protestaut mis representation, another false accusation against God's Ohuroh. On the contrary, the Catholic doctrine of Indulgences shows the enormity and heinousness of sin, it illustrates the infinite merits and efFioacy of Christ's atonement, and shows forth the tender mercy and goodness of God arid the mutual union and charity that bind the members of the Ohuroh in one great brother hood. :-??'? ? ? ? In the Catholic theory an Indulgence is not so indulgent a thing after all, and is not at all as easy 'as the ample plenary indulg ence given by Protestantism^ which has abolished fasting and abstinence, done away with self-denial and mortification, which has a horror of confession and has stigma tised all penitential works as not only use less but derogatory to the merits of Christ's atonement. Thus, Protestantism is a vast plenary indulgence which has sought to make broad and smooth the narrow road that alone, by Christ's appointment, leads to eternal life, The Protestant broad wajj is not the narrow way, of Christ, ^ ? ? ' ? ? Time will not allow nW to refor to tho popular misrepresentations that prevail of other teachings and practices of the Catholic Ohuroh. In tho points touched on we have shown how utterly false are the misre presentations that are held as unquestion ably true without knowledge or examina tion of the truth. Wo have shown that on these points the dootrines of the Ohuroh are in iiarmony with right reason, and are sanctioned ana upheld by God's revoaled word} and on proper examination all her other teachings would be found to stand the same test of truth. The Ohuroh could not teaoh error because she is tho pillar and ground of truth, and the oracle of the Holy Ghost in tho world. God created thoHun to light and warm the material creation, and . since it was first launched into space it has never failed in its office, and never shall until the end of the world, God instituted His Church as the sun of the moral world, and by his appointment it will continue to enlighten human intelligence, to warm into religious life human hearts unto the consummation of time. 'Go,' said Christ to the Church, ' teach all nations, teaching them to observe all things whatso ever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the consum mation of the world.' My clear brethren, let us' hold on to the teachings of tho holy Catholic Church, because they are the toady ings of Christ Himself. 'He that heareth you hears Me, and he that despiseth you despiseth Me.' Let us follow faithfully and trustingly her guidance, which is as a pillar of fire to the people of God, leading them on through the darkness of life's journey, even to the promised land. Let us practice the virtures which she enforces, let us make ubo of the means of grace with which she bo abundantly supplies us, and thus shall we be found true and faithful members of the Church . militant upon earth, and merit through the goodness of God to be one day enrolled amongst the glorified members of the Church triumphant in Heaven. Amon. 