BE VIEWS- From Mr H. H. Paynter, bookseller and stationer, of Bayley-street, we have received a budget of reading matter, including the March number of the 4 Review of Reviews,' which, as is usually the case with that handy monthly, presents its readers with a critical epitome of current literature. A great deal of space is given to the discussion of the Federal Bill, whilst. Ranji drags out his description of the last test match. The Zola business is prominent and a readable character sketch of John Burns, the Statesman of Labor, is not the least interesting item of the contents bill. The March 4 Pearson's ' reaches the standard of the preceding number, but fails to surpass it. The treatise upon ' Artists and Their Work' is continued ; Messrs Heron deal out more agony in the shape of 'real' ghost stories ; and CatcliSe Hyne tells yet another adventure of that little sea-wonder Captain Kettle. The present number of this magazine reminds one of the old* time Dimd Museum, so much pains having been taken to secure articles upon outof-the-way subjects. The short story section is well filled with interesting stuff, including contributions from Messrs Griffith, Graham, Workman, Ryal), and Bell. Two of the most interesting in the number are 4 Changing Silver into Gold' and •The Personal Interests of Mr Gladstone,' from the pens of Messrs H. C. Fyfe and W. A. Woodward respectively. Tha April number of the 'Australian Journal' is much like its predecessors, and contains the usual voluminous amount of fiction, readable and otherje ; verse—some poetry, some not ; curious notes and comments, scientific siftings, and humorous sketches and matter calculated to please the feminine palate. The 'A.J.' makes a good reading budget for out back. Mr Paynter also sends along the South Australian 'Critic'and Melbourne Table Talk.' The former we have had on our exchang. list since it9 inception, and fciie favorable notice given it upon the appearance of its first number still holds good. 'Table Talk' is a bright and chatty production, and is no doubt appreciated by the Victorian community in these parts. 