DR&GONS; IN THH ALPS' As a matter ol strict scientific accuracy there are probably just as many dragons in the Alps as there are snakes in Iceland. Possibly there ate fewer; one cannot say tor certain, as tbe inteiior of Ice land Is only partially explored. What is really interesting -sar« Mr. Francis Qribble, writing in the ' Pall Mall Gazette') is to find an enlightened man, in an enlightene I age, believing in dragons as firmly bb be believed in God, and proving their existence 'out of the mouths of many witnesses. Tbe man was Professor Scheuch zer, of the University of Zurich ; and there was no queation what ever that be wai an enlightened man. He eat in the chair of Oesner, and was woithy of it. He originated the 'dilnlaiion' theory of glacial movement, which was ingenious thou^h'wrong. He cor responded with Sir Isaac Newton, and introduced tbe Swiss to the knowledge o( the law of gravitation. He argued for the abolition of cp:t*l punishment for witchcraft. And he devoted h'n summer vaca tions to mountain travel, and to luo UUiicunuu ui ctimciiii; w.' BUUW tbat there reilly and truly were dragons iu the Alps. We gather from his book that he got little pleasure out of bia mountaineering, fur ha sajs: 'AoheloMe quidem fiint scansioiiM montiura.' But be wis sustained by a fens* ol doty, and by tbe desire to increase the sum of human knowle Ige concern ing dragons. Nut that be had ever seen a dragon ; bat hs had teen a dragon stunp, which i', he rxplains,.ajewel cut out of a dragon's head while the dragon ia asleep, and invaluable as a remedy against ' plague, dyren ?cry, diarrhoBJ, poiaon, hemorrhage, and bleeding' of the nose.' There was s#orn testimony to the fact tbat tbe stone which Schcuchzir saw had been employed successfully for tbe tteitn.ent -A these various complaints. Consequently it must have come from tbe head of a dragon, tor though certain other sort* of stones might have cured hemorrhage, only a dragon-alone could hate been efficacious agsinit dysentery or plague. But if thtre are dragon-stones there must be dragons ; and tbe Alps in genera', and the RboBtian Alps in particu'ar, are full of the very sort of cavts which dragons might naturally be expected to frequent. Such .is the priori argument. It only remains to marshal the a posteriori proota. The professor preseots them in the convenient shape of the depositions ol wi:neeses who * make oath and say' they have encountered dra^oni in the Alps. In style and sub stance — to say nothing of con clusiveness — they strikingly re semble those ciicumstantial narra tives t-y means of which the exist ence «l ghosts has heeo demon stinted l.y the Society for Physical Research. They prove that, though all dragons hive certain points in common — they all, for example, when they breathe, inhale not only air, but also any birds that happen to be flying in their neighbourhood — the minor vsriationa are numer ou«. ' There are dragons with and without legs, with and without wings, with, and without crests; dragons with cats' (aces, dragons with linmui faee* urtoni a wilJi nondescript faces; dragons tbttt bieatbe fire, and dragons that do not breathe fire. Aod each sort of dragon has a process verbal to itself. As, for example: 'John Sinner of IneCommane of Fruinsen; in the Barony of Altensaxen, an, hi.nourable man, whose word can be ti listed, and who at the present time is still livint-. solemnlv A*. posed to me that 12 year j fince, at the end oT the month: of April, be repaired to the' ' Deighbourir g mountain, ,. the Frumsen'berg, and that there, in the; place jcon»-. inonly ' StoSwn »? the Halwelen, fhe «neoutiiered a terrible serpent, tbek «nd grsvin colour, which' first cbilei i wlfjW-.and*ben rauscd itself upright; r}fs length, he itaid) «*s at litt* S'rt;: ,t»«i^h ; was attout that of *n ♦pwe-trs«j it had a htod like the head of a cat, *ut no fett Whateoevet He aaid^bat he smole and clew it.Vwitb' the sssUUnce cfjis brother. Tboaa* 't-mmzm tnoch Jar 4jragoDB ;wit lost *IW£ ?ttesbnj itory of aife gdn wW feet, tunning thus :— 'Joi o '£££!&' of the rarish of Sennyralf W0»^ of the Kecle.HiuUc*l AMembV,y«in!t: to the Ff unwBbe'r^, i^^tfrapiawt1 eeasen.Ml years ago, »nd|iri -^liee' called iErla wald, Uiide ^the rtmm Called ;the KsJenbaebj; ti^»V~ kni ehoimous WacTc beast ern^rirjjngi' -ri ? et»teot the greatest amaltjeiirent, from the thieket, and ststtdiAg on its for« legs, which w«te'''*f tto excessive length., Itsgirthr»-«s of about, the thickness of Janr'appli tree, and it cirried a cnesti'iobu't half a foot Jong, on i'b bBaff.;^ Its entire length, however, hecOntd'not olcerve, because ifri bi.ide} part.Uy hidden in the thicket Bmorig'tnB briam.' Finally, from the' l»ttera; of Christopher Seborev, TreYect of Lucerne, Professor Scbeqchliar! is able to quote s circumstaotial ac 008 Dt of a meeting with' i Wogerj dragon. This is the Prefebt's narrative:— 'In tbeye*r;i649T was contemplating the beauty of the heavens by night, when, lo 1 I saw a bright And shining' dragon' it'Soe from a large cave in the mountain oommonTy called Pilatui, and fly about, cwifily flipping its' wings. It was very large, its tail was long, its neck extender!, itV head terminated in I he serrated jaw of a serpent, While it was flying it through out sparks; just as tbe red-hot horneshoo does when hammered by a blacksmith. My impression w«s that I saw a meteor, bat after careful observation I recognised that it was. a dragon, f.om the nature of its movements and the structure of its vaiious limbs.' And so forth; for there aie many more such stories in the book from whioh these stories come. Thay are interesting stories irom manv puintt of view, though perhaps .the most interesting circumstance of all is the faol that they were so'emnly reported by a University professor who had eat at the fett of csir Isaac Newton. 