My First Mate. (by '• matklot.") ^FglgOW many men separate in this world, igfy]? never to meet again. Ship loads of people have been brought to Australia; they have said "' Good-bye' in Sydney, vowed eternal friendship, and have Boon forgotten eaoh other. So with sailormen. A man may sail in fifty ships, be on good terms with hiB mates, and make a particular friend in eaoh oraft; but when his sailoring days are done he settles down among strangers, and the obaaoes are he never sees, nor bears of, one of bis old mates. Thus, of the old ship's company of the little barque P •, I have met but three in forty years: one is dead, the other two I know not where they are—say missing. One of these two was my " first mate that is, in Australia. Jaok Malohai was a straight, well set up young Irishman from Gal way ; somi-Spanish in features—hard ooal-blaok, straight bair, swarthy com plexion, and freokled, and a slightly aquiline nose. It was Jack's first voyage to the South'ard, and . he was our only ordinary seaman. He was not muoh of a sailorman, but, for all that, useful in a watch, for he was strong and hardy, and certainly fearless, Jaok possessed a good share of humor—a dry, oomical fellow, whose drollness puzzled many of us; and he was also good tempered. There was only one person on board that he wasn't on quite good terms with, and that was our aoting seoond mate—a smart young Scotch man not yet out of his time as an appren tice. This fellow presumed upon the strength of bis brevet rank and, taking ^[ack for a 'softy,' played off upon him on every possible occasion. Jaok took matters mildly until we were lying off Garden Island. 1 Haul the ensign down!' saDg out McTavish. No one responded, the only boy* on board—a wide-awake youDg Cockney—being down in tbe boat alongside fishing. Mao comes for'srd and begins to jaw Jaok. - Replies Jaok, ' None o' that now, See tbe soil yander ? Well, there I'm as good -a man as you—an' better, I deBsay.' Mao waB not wanting in pluok, and said that he'd test Jaok's courage ashore. ' Well. I'm not pertro'lar,' says Jaok. • What say to a round now ? If you're willin' I'm yer man.' Mao snorted, but declined. Anyway, Jack wouldn't haul down the flag bo long as tbn ' boy' was on board. Jack was a shamefaced sort of oh'ap, and after deoidingto chum in with me, he would leave the barque before daylight, as he ■ didn't like to walk through Sydney with a swag on his back.' This lost us a £ or two, for tbo skipper had promised to give us something .for our work on board in port, we being ' Bbilling a month men.' I bad a few shillings and plenty of good clothes, most of whiob I gave away. Jack had no money and but little clothes, but then he had an uncle ' somewhere up-country,' and it was to this relative we were bound. Thirty-two or three miles in a day is not bad work for new chums, and that was the distance we ..walked our "first " day oat— almost within coo-ee. of Penrith. At Parramatta a man direoted as as to the way to Peel. Poor Jack forgot the ' River,' his unole's farm being up Tamworth way—not at tbe village of Peel. Then we were bailed up by an offioious constable who evidently took us for runaway sailors. We both had discharges, but kept quiet; and wasn't that fellow mad when we pro duced the documents after a verbal sparring matoh with Jaok. ' The bepfvar's an Irishman,' Baid Jaok, after the omoer rode off, 1 an' they're the worst ye can find whin they're in authority. Any way be got no satisfaction.' Jack was famous for taking ' rises ' out of people. On the passage ont those two flaming books, ' Maria Monk' and the ' Mysteries of a Convent' were muoh in evidenoe. They were read and commented upon evory day, bnt Jack Baid never a word —and he was the only ' Roman ' on board. It was on a Friday when he oame into port, and at supper time, after furling sails, &o.;, somehow the matter of Jack's being a Catholio oame up. It was in regard to eating meat on a Friday. ' Did any of yez ever ' see me eat mate on a Friday ?' he asked. And not a aoul could say whether he had or had not. ' There's a purty lot o' Prodestans wid yer Annie Nuns (Jaok always called 4 Maria Monk''Annie Nan') an' holy wather an' the devil knows what; an' yiz don' "remimber whether I ate mate or not, bad oess to tbe lot o' yez.' lack certainly 'had' ns, for not one knew for a fact whether Jaok did obey the rule of his Ohuroh—though it was my opinion that he did eat all that was going. > #" # • It was getting dark and we were both tired. I suggqsted camping in an old hut we carhe to. 4 Noa, not yet; let ub go on a pace,' waB Jaok's reply. Had 'we known how near Penrith was, we oertainly Bhould not have turned off the road as we did when we saw a bright fire burning in what, I fanoy, muBt have been Jamison's Bush. Anyway, we found a party of four rigging up a boat's sail for a tent—one, of big darkie, superintending. They invited us to join them, for the night at anyrato. Jack was bashful, but finally agreed. They v^ere from New Zealand, and had been two days on the road from Sydney. Two were Englishmen, the other two AmerioanB—that is to say. an American negro and an Amerioan Irishman. These two were mates, and had beon wrecked in an American whaler at the Bay of Islands. One of the Englishmen was a Bailor, the other a Londoner and a butoher by trade. They shared both tea and tuoker with us, and tbe boat's sail afforded oover for all. In the morning a drizzling rain made things uncomfortable—for tho sail was sopping wet. Before wo reached tho road an old man and a tall young fellow (his son) oame up with a dray load of sapplings. ' Where be guiene ?' asked tho old man. ' To the diggings,' was the reply. 1 What diggin's—theTuron"?' • The one that's nearest,' says the spokes man. ' I'm goin' to Peel,' says Jaok. ' Peel, eh ! why, that's on the way to the Taron, t'other side o' Bathurst.' ' Noa, I don't think so,' says Jaok; 1 its near a town named Tamworth—or it may be Damworth,' • Why, hang it I' says the old man, ' yon must mean the Peel Biver.' 1 That's just it,' says Jaok,' an' bad laok to me 1' . < Well, that's away np beyond Maitland, and yon'll need to go by steamer to Newcastle.' • Ah, well I' responded Jaok, ' I'll go on now wid the rest of 'em; an' some day I'll get over to Tamworth, or whatever yer oalls it.' ' Well, ohaps, as ye're agoin' into Penrith just pitoh yer Bwags np on the saplin's—an' if any on ye hev got sore feet jump np.' None of ns pleaded gnilty, though more than one hobbled along painfully by the side of the dray. The old man acid his son were pleasant oompany—the son a regular OornBtalk, with the usnal drawl in his speeoh and eaBy way of looking at matterB, 1 And where do yoa come from ?' asked the old man. I told him that I waB an Englishman, and proud of it. 1 And I'm an Australian, and proud of it,' says the son. The old man langhed, and I said something soothing. By the time we reaohed Penrith it was raining smartly. ' Better stop here to- day,' remarked our ancient friend. 1 and if it's fine termorrer I'lLput ye all a piece on the way.' We thanked him, but pleaded being any thing but millionaires, to whioh he replied : ' Well, that won't matter ; I'll make it all right with the people where I'm goin' ter take yer, an' that won't break ye.' So after going down a long straight street he turned off to the right and brought up at a public house, whioh, it occurs to me, must have been the old ' Bed Cow.' It was torty years ago, and my memory iB fairly good, both in regard to individuals and looalities, so I fancy I'm right. We were made very oomfortable all day and night, and the oharges didn't break us. Next morning early our old friend turned up with a lighter dray and one horse, and gave ns all a lift as far as Lapatone, point ing out, as we crossed the Plains, the fenoe where ' Fisher's Ghost' was seen—though Barton and some other writers say it was up Campbelltown way. When leaving, the old man deolined to take payment for anything he had done for us. He was an Englishman, be said, and pitied everybody he saw coming to ' this blasted country—which was hell for men and hosses, an heaven for women and dorgs,' which rather damped our ardour, for we expected to beoome millionairs and land owners in a few months. «Let. me give you some advice, young feller,' he said to me,'' You've got ter keep yer eyes Bkin in this yer part o' th' world, my oath! And you've just got ter take every man you sees ter be a damned rogue.' • Bat suppose the man one meets takes me to be a rogue, what then ? ' " 'Well he's in th' right 'cos why? Jle don't know you, neither.' ' I see; a case ef reciprocity—-mutual mistrust. But I don't think I shall act up to your dictum and never have.' Anyhow, the old ohap oould not have thought we were rogues, or he surely would not have been bo kind to us, When he left us, he wished us luck and, whipping up- his horse to a trot, was Boon rattling away down hill to the Plains, and we saw him no more—that is, I never did, and I hove been in Penrith scores of times and know the oountr^ around ; yet never have I seen his rugged,'kindly faoe, nor heard his name. There was not mnob sprinting that day : we Bimply crawled along; but next day moat of us improved—or our ' poor feet' did—and we stepped out like men : all exoept Ned (the darkie) and hiB mate Kelly, the whitewashed Yankee, and they were bad oaaes—the latter particularly bo. Thus, my sprightly mate, and ub three English men, kept company; while the two big I fellows lagged behind and growled at each j other. Oertainly, Ned oarried the boat's ! sail, and being pretty big he was handi capped. Still, he was a auspicious fellow ' and feared to lose his bit of Amerioan ootton. Frequently through the day we'd I put up and wait for the Btragglers, who'd oome up limping and with wry faces. ' By gosh 1 deae yer roads am dam bard an* hilly,' whined the nigger, ' an- yer doan ketoh me down this yer way again—not if I knows it.' Another Kelly would ohip in with a similar growl, embellished with much lurid and figurative language; and the said Kelly could 1 cuss' most artistically. They amused us all, but Jack had no pity for either; he jibed them most unmerci fully and questioned whether Kelly had ever seen ' Ould Oireland,' and even suggested that his name was assumed. Kelly was a bad-tempered fellow and re , sented Jack's witticisms; but the darkie ' 1 talked back1 in the same strain. Thus, the passages between them at ' resting ] plaoes' helped to enliven the dreary journey. Not so many months after the same darkie walked with me and the Londoner from the Turon to Penrith in four days. But then visions of an American whaler were before his eyes ; fanoied feeds of pork and beans tiokled his palate,, and the ory of ' There she blows 1' rang in his ears. Charlie and I were bound for Port Curtis; Ned, for the first ship he saw flying the starB and stripeB. We had many adventures on the road ; among them was a delay of some hours, assisting some teamsters right a dray whioh had gone over a siding going down to Little Hartley. There wero broken oases all over the shop—a rogular olla podrida of aides of baoon, candles, sugar, salt, leaking casks of spirits, brokon bottles of boor and what not. Tho carriors reworded us handsomoly—or rathor they levied upon thoir consignees— for wo samplod brandy, port wine, ale, and Btout, and oarr-ed off junks of baoon, Bugar fjiaonitp, eardinos, and tobaooo; and noj being in a condition to walk, we eamped and went in for a feast of baoon, sardines, and bisouits. Then, at Meadow Fiat we met a man who must have thought differently to oar Penrith friend—in taking those he met to be fools— and we oertainly were fools, to listen to him. He span ns a yarn about a new rash at Daylight Greek, and put ua on the traok to reaoh it—my mate Jaok being the only one to book at the arrangement—probably he suspected the fellow's bona fides, though ha did not say so. Anyway, two days lost in the bush in wet weather was not produotive of good feelings towards the stranger we met We found no gold- field, lost the traok, got wet through, and only reaohed the road again through the good offices of the man in a tip-dray, who picked us up and landed aa at the Frying Pan. Years after I worked a good reef in that same looality. At the Frying Pan we lodged that night, and were there subjeoted to a sharp examination by the local lookup-keeper, who muBt have had in his mind's eye a reward for certain run away sailors. Jaok and the darkie received most of his attention, however, and he refused to look at the disoharges of the rest' of ua. •Stand up!' said he to Jaok, while he compared notes in his pooket-book. « Wha-at fo-r ?' asked Jaok, innocently, in his native drawl. 'Never mind, stand up J' Jaok did ao, and turned about military faahion, a* if on a pivot. « What next, yer hanner ' What ship did yez arroive in ? ' • The Fenexioan.' • 1 The what ?' ■ Jaok repeated, bat the constable oonldn't understand it. ' Spell it, you—you—you're an irishman, aint ye ?' ' Badad, I am that I An* pray, what may you be ?' ' That's my business—give me none o' yer oheek, young feller, or I'll log yez.' 'Divelafear of it,' retorts'Jaok; ' ye're only jokin', Pat.' « My name ain't Pat.' 1 Ain't it ? thin it ought to be, for ye're as Boft as a pat of butter.' ' Shut up, will yez ? Now, apell the name o' yer Bhip.' • I'll be damned if I do, bekaae I can't. It's some haythen name, which this young fellow. oan spake (nodding to me), bat blessed if I can.' I pronounoed the Bhip'a name oorreotly, but it made matters worse; and when I spelled it the fellow was mystified entirely. Then Jaok pulls out hisdisoharge. 'Look here, ye galoot, why didn't) yez ax'me for this bit o' paper at wanst, and then ye'd havo saved yer breath ?' The man was mad, for we were all langh ing at him, and off he went without putting Ned through his facings, though the darkie yelled after him: 'Look heah, ole buok, oome an' see me papers. I'm a Yewnited States citizen, an' aint agoin' to be over hauled by every soallawag in blue as doan* know a man from a monkey when he sees him.' Upon which we all laughed at Ned's bit of Bpread-eagleism, and asked who waa the monkey ? • * * # We left the Western Boad at the Green . Swamp, and passed over tons of.gold maybe, for in later years the looality was oalled Glanmire. At Olear Greek we stopped at an Irish settler's and purohased some milk and. bread. He wanted two or three men to dig potatoes—Irishmen preferred. Kelly ac cepted the job, but Jaok declined: ' He hadn't walked over them hills, anr all them miles to dig Bpuds—not he.' None of us regretted Kelly's desertion, and on we walked—by the Limekilns and Wattle Flat to Sofala. Here we roughed it for a bit, for our united finanoes didn't amount to a ' bob.' Finally we all got work at Erakine Flat, then in its prime—myself, Jack, and Ned in one olaim, the other two in another olaim, Ned pumped water into the long tun, Jaok wheeled the waBhdirt from the shaft to the bank of the river, and I humped buokets below. We worked thua for Bome months—Jack and the darkie ohumming together. Poor Ned I he was like a big baby, and awfully fond ot sugar and other things nice; and hence Jack's standing complaint to us : 1 That damned Yankee has eaten all the butter an' sugar ; an' be gob! if I don't physio him.' And so he did, for he put magnesia and rhubarb in the sugar, and Holloway'o Ointment in the butter—but Ned seemed to thrive on the new mixtures. One day I was spelling the pumper in the shaft and a voice sang oat: ' Below, there 1' ' Halloa 1' •That you, George? Well, I'm off!— Good da-ay!' And so he did. Some two years after, when I was a bit comfortable, he rode up one night, hobbled his two horBea outside the hut, and walked boldly in. Oharlie and I were there, but Jaok (English Jaok) and the darkie were on the seas. It was Ohristmas Eve, and we were making merry inside with some ohaps from an adjoining hut, one of whom was also Jaok's shipmate, having come up to the Flat more recently. Jaok looked well and oomfortable. He had found his uncle, wbo had given him a piece of land, and he was then on his road to Orange to buy some dairy cattle, which he subsequently took overland. We made a very jolly night of it, and' Jaok and Aliok recounted the many amuBing episodes of the voyage out in the old ' Fenexioan.' Jaok resumed his journey next day, and Bpent his Christmas on the road. Where is he now ? God knows— possibly a well-to-do landowner and squatter in the Nor'-West. As for tho others— where are they ? Aliok is dead, ditto Ohokey (the Londoner); Jack Rayner doubtful, so also Kelly and Blaok Ned, the ' Amurikan.' And suoh is life. We eaoh one go our own ways, to meet, perhaps, nevermore—or in a Better Land. Acaording to a famous zoologist, the; weight of the Greenland whale is equal to 88 elephants. A Georgia editor aays : ' And would soma powor the giftie gie ua to Bee oar oreditors before they gee us,' 