CURRENT COMMENTS. (BY STYLUS ) Mr. Maitland Brown, the Resi- dent Magistrate at Geraldton, availing himself of an opportunity for cheap self-advertisement (as scores besides him have done), tele- graphed to Sir John Forrest his sympathy in i he terms of a hys- terical sehool-girl. Such expres- sions as " Oh, my God !" may be excusable in younger members of the female sex. at the sudden noise of a pistol or something of the kind, but they do not read well in newspapers when they express the condolences of a gentleman holding a dignified position. . # # * The hysterical effusion of this magnate appears all the more ludicrous, because it is followed by a school-boy quotation'"from one of Macaulay's classical odes. The courage of an . old Roman general was what may be called courage. Sir John was either en- tirely destitute of that quality, or the newspapers have greatly maligned him. We are told of "the utter collapse of the Pre [ mier," of his all but fainting away in the railway carriage ; and the fact is indisputable that the Pre- mier made a bolt at full railway speed for safer quarters. How does all this compare with, the ancient Roman "facing fearful odds" in fighting his country's battles ? Brave man at the Menzies ban- quet, braver man still at the thirty or forty Federal banquets in Mel- bourne, bat not so brave in facing a crowd of citizens determined to obtain their jnst rights, or to know the reason why ! Another, Sir ,John F. (fámed in "The Merry Wives of Windsor") was very mach in the habit of posing as a brave soldier, bat to his con- fidential Prince Hal be admitted that he was " first at a feast and last at a fray." * * * Those who hysterically cry " Oh, my God!" for trifling causes, or for no course at all, are often the people to make others cry " Oh, my God ! " for very strong and terrible cause». An old South Sea captain was in the habit of summing np Christian civilisation in the islands of the Pacific in the following terms : First came the missionary ship ; after that came the merchant ship ; and thenjt^ was military and constabulary re- sources ' of Warden Hare been equal to his irascible inclinations, the alluvial miners might have had good cause to invoke the help of God. However, as things are, the miners might thank God they are not at the mercy of hysterical, tyrannical raiers and magis- trates. * * # We boast with something of a patriotic spirit that " that we are not a convict colony now ; we have responsible Government and a constitution of our own j" and so we have, and ought to be proud that we can make our voice felt in the government of the colony. But there is an element here which has not changed with the change of time and circumstance. The old Bourbons, while they forgave nothing, forgot nothing. It is trae the Bourbons were at length, kicked oat. The revo- lution ended their career of despotism and cruelty. We have had the revolution, but we have still our colonial Bourbons. We have made them Ministers of the Crown ; we have made them War- dens and Resident Magistrates ; we have relegated them - to the cool' shades of Upper House Chambers, honorary directorates, superior court judgeships ; anywhere, in fact, where dummies, fossils, and figure heads fill np a convenient nook in some chamber or recess of our Government House establish- ment. Now, all this is fitting, becohiing, and . ornamental, if not positively nseTai- Like Frederick the Great's living statue soldier we give our ancient worthy strict orders to play the dummy, the automaton and' the sinecurist ; bat when, instead of doing this, he comes down from his pedestal, walks out of his niche and corner, and begins to play his old pranks with lash, sword and gallows, and to order and com- mand, flog, shoot down and hang,, it is time that we began seriously to reflect on the wisdom of con- signing him to the limbo of ali the played ont pretenders of the past, and, generally speaking, of anti- quated and useless lumber and rubbish. # # * The reading of the Riot Act for form's sake is the veriest farce. Crowds are not frightened by stage thunder any more than by dramatic posing. As long as yonr official dandy confines dimself to the mere slaging of his officious- ness he will most likely be left severely alone ; but when the pigmy pricks the sleeping Gulliver a little-too keenly fae is like to get his deserts. Lake Sam Weller's bete noir who *' meant wenom," Warden Hare, in reading the Riot Act, meant mischief. If his re- sources had beeu equal to his vin- dictiveness it would have been woe for the assembled crowd at Kal- goorlie. When the firearms, which the constable had brought by order of the Warden, were so uncere- moniously ordered back by the police officer-" Take those d-d things away "-a good illustration j was given, of the utter absurdity of I the situation and the imbecility of the authorities. One swallow does not make a summer, and a few rio Lous spirits in a crowd do not make a disorderly crowd. Had the crowd been all that it has been represented, all the forces of the Government, military and constabulary, in the whole colony could not have kept it within bounds. * * * The reading of the Riot Act was a mere piece of farcical acting. In the good old days (as our For- rest worshippers would call the days good) a diminutive official of Government House circles felt himself insulted by a great fellow, who did uot occupy a higher posi- tion than clerk in a merchant's office. The officer waylaid the merchant's clerk at a quiet corner of the public gardens, and, standing on tip-toe, he fetched the giant a gentle stroke over "the shoulders, saying as he did, " Con- sider yourself horse-whipped." Prompt and effective was the action of the tall Anak as he caught the small official by both shoulders, twisted him round, and in the manner in which the pr iest illustrated to Paddy the nature of a miracle-in other words, having most vigorously introduced his bootmaker to the little officer's tailor-by which the would-be horse-whip per was sent sprawl- ing on the ground, he ex- claimed : " Now, sir, consider your- self as having been kicked." The upstart Warden may be taken to represent the little officer, and by the big fellow, has- not yet taken to kicking, it is just as well to remember that there is a limit, and a very decided limit, to the patience of a goldfields crowd. . » » A few more imprisonments of honest and industrious miners in Fremantle Gaol ; a few more im- prisonments of men who did no harm to anybody to terms of six months ; a little more of the kind of thing described in the daily papers, of a poor crippled bellman to nine' months' imprisonment for shouting a little too loudly and forgetting to " hurrah" at tue ap- proach of the Premier, and the limit of forbearance, even among the most pious and law-abiding of our gold-mining citizens, may have been reached. The big fellow may eventually tarn round and kick. * * * The Geraldton Magistrate's school-boy quotation from Mac auley demands a little farther notice : What better death to die Than facing fearful odds, For the ashes of our fathers And tíie Temples of your Gods. Very good for Macaulay, bat very stupid and malapropos in its appli- cation to the' Premier, who bolted fall speed from the heavy odds against him at Kalgoorlie. Bat is not the boot on the other foot? Is not the alluvial miner facing fearful odds in his battle against the foreign capitalist and the pliant Government which is allied with him? We have had too much of this sort of appeal to sen- timent and superstition in the ages that are past. Kingcraft and priestcraft and statecraft, not to speak of the craft of the slave- owner, the oppressor, the extor- tioner, and all of that ilk, have long found it most useful to appeal to ashes, relics, and all that altar and temple signify, so that they might keep the crowd in order, and ase the labourer as they list. The old trick, "The ashes of his fathers, the temples of his gods," has been played ont long ago in nearly all civilised countries. It has been invoked lately in Vic- toria by the Carrs, the Rentouls, by Catholic and Protestant, at the instigation of the Plutocrats, but that proved a fiasco. The brother- hood of labour mast not be diverted from its sacred aims bj appeals to "ashes" and "temples," and so, while fighting among them- selves over religions ideas, become the easy prey of the despot, the ecclesiastic, and the monopolist. \- # * # We are often reminded of the sensible father's advice to his as- piring literary son, " John, very few can write good poetry, so don't yon ever attempt it, bnt most men can write decent prose, therefore I hope you will stick to that.*' Notwithstanding this good advice from a modern Polonius, here goes an attempt at versifying on a better philosophy than dying for ashes and temples. What better life to live Than struggling to be tree ? What better gift to give Than hard von liberty ? What better cause to choose Than rights of those who toil ? What better plan to muse Than tyrants' laws fo foil? For ashes of the dead, Or Temples of the past, The workman has been bled That tyranny may last. And precious time is lost, And children cry for bread, While all of labour's cost Goes for the past that's dead. Back to the past, ye fools. No more invoke these ghosts, To make the workmen tools. And verify your boasts. The workman now can see Through all your dark designs, In war for Church and heraldry, He all his rights resigns. He'll fight for home, sweet home. For honest work and wage, For day-dawn yet to come, Fora brighter, better age. But not for ghosts and ghouls. Gibbering faintly from the past ; No more the tyrants' tools, The workers think at last. Banker's Eye Lotion is a boon to mankind. Its properties are well known, and is said, to be a sure relief and absolute cure to all those who suffer from the dreadful complaint, sore eyes. Those living in the country should never fail to keep this lotion within reach, as an immediate applica- tion is a prevention that is better than a cure. Wholesale from Faulding and Co., and retail from the Swan Phar- macy, corner of Barrack and Wellington streets.* When Dr. Nansen returned from failing to find the Noiih Pole, a number of Russian women pre- pared a carpet for bim represent- ing- - ¿i vm>p^O~f~-the A*-trtie Antons, with the places visited by him marked in silver thtead. Now that he b as returned to Europe from fail- ing to deliver 100 lectures in the United States, with 40,000dollars, they should prepare another car- pet, with all the places where he lectured marked in gold. The latest rumour about Nansen is that he will sail in the F ram in search of Andree. And perhaps Andree will come back in time to organise a Nansen Relief Expedi- tion. There is no reason why, with a little management, this sort of thing should ever stop. « The Louisville (U.S.) Evening Post tells a touching story. It re- lates to Simon Cannon, a negro in gaol. He was devoted to music, and he made a banjo oat of the tin pan in which his meals were served. This begs two questions, namely, whether a banjo comes under the head of music, and whether gaol authorities allow convicts to misappropriate their meal pans. Hut let that pass. Simon's next move was to convert a "rough piece of poplar" into the neck and screws by means of "an old foroken-bladed Barlow knife ;" though it is not explained hoir the piece of poplar and the Barlow knife came into his cell. Bat let them pass too. A^er this Simon "took 12 cents he had and bought five strings ;" »ad ii is here-although "Gaoler Morns isays that old Simon makes the sweetest of music "-that the story seriously falls off. A prisoner who can take 12 cents and go about baying banjo strings--in gaol-seems somehow to fall short of the requirements of the case. If he had taken his broken-bladed Barlow knife and investigated his own interior for a substitute for catgut, one might have admitted that he was a martyr to music; bnt as it stands the story lacks] that completeness which we have learned to expect in Transatlantic : taradiddles. There are two times in a man's life when he Bhould not speculate : when he | cannot afford it, and when he can. By purchasing direct from the manu- facturers in London, Paris, New York, Hamburg, and elsewhere, the Apothe- caries' Company buy .at manufacturers' rates, and avoid the exhórbitant charges of mi«Ml«»niAii Henee tíie low rates charged by the Apothecaries. This company has now five establishmentB.* 