STRAY NOTES. , ' (by rambler.) As Shakespeare, or Torn 'Pearman, I fnrget whioh, so eloquently puts it, "Onco luoro un to the broach dear frionds," I again, aftor an absonco of somo months, during which I liava boon over tho greater part of tho globe (in my mind), make my bow to your readers, V I have in my mental note book a conglomer ation of things that have happenod since my astopistlo on " Rambling", and ono thing I notico particularly is that a lot' of pooplo have diad latoly who uaver died befora. I notice also that somewhere in the happy pant tlioro has boon an election, and ono man with a somewhat somilio name, tried to pull a Rose ; but; alas for tho ouo with the Hobraic oog- uomon, that rose in tho end was loft blooming alono. No doubt tho result wilt ha different whon tho Jews again roturn to Jorusalom, and tho liar shall Ho down with tho emu, nnd the lawyers cease from troubling, and the Crook well toco olub is at peaco. # # . I also notion also in my noto bobk that the . birth rnto has kopt up to its usual average, s o that tliero is no need for our patornal G.ivorn- ment to throw open largo, troots of laud horn for settlement purposes— an ordinary town allotment is sufHoient for all purposes. V- 1 800 that tho " Doctor1 U as fat an ovor, audit still trt tlio front—although the bohiud is not too bad, with his " spooial Scotch." # Rioardo Moccimini won tho "tournament", pronounced, as you kno wMr. Editor, turnamont, and that tha willowy hero of tho old ghost yam lias started another, which reminds mo that" Scotty was'na1 in forrura on Saturday nicht." Kennedy of Scottish song famo camo and brought tho Victoria Cross, so that judging from tho concerts and balls, &c.;, that are raging, or havo ragod, or aro to r.vge, iu and about Orookwoll, it -looks as if tho town and district wore recovering from their temporary immersion in tho waters of monetary scarce ness," i " Talking of monetary affairs reminds mo that tho local financial institutions aro trying to "raise calves," for Isuj daily tho bikes being whooled aloug by tin junior officers. Asa gUggostion how would it do for tho P. and A. Association to arrange a match botwoon tho managers of the rival lo in institutions here, to take place at tho ploughing match. My "beans1' would go on tho " old celt " of tho N. S. W., for if ho could win no ot'.nr way lie would talk the " (lark ono" of tho o'hor aide out of it. # # How will the frogrcsi Association rare i i am afraid that the little loavon of discord is leavening the whole In np. Those who are trying to injure this movement, bocause they cannot have allthoir own way, should in their mercy yield a little to those whoso intorost and stake U the welfaro of our town nnd distriot is greater than those, who know not whon tiey shall recoivo orders to pack up and get to flomo . ' - — Xfldo'ftiao' tliattliero aro preliminaries for two orickct "clubs, to exist iu Crookwoll. Fancy that, yo people who say that Crookwell is dead t Sho is not dead but (fill in a word to suit yourself reader ; the word I uso rhymes with drinkoth). Woll, I wish both clubs success, it- # - Last Saturday morning I went down town to Hoe a man, and as I waudorod down tho main stroofc on all'sides I hoard'Kialla sung on ono long, drawn-out wnil, beginning softly and then gradually grows till the last note was a regular howl. I enquired of a man with tho lunar appellation what was the reason of thin, and ho, with bated breath and eyoballs glaring, told tho following story Ouco upon a timo some knights who wove ku.iwn as " Knights of tho willow" camo to Orookwol and said to somo other knights called " Tho Torpsiohoreau Knights," corao nut to our castlo and make a night (N.B.— My narrator told mo this was not moant for a pun of it.) Aud tho T. knights wont out nnd met sovoiul Kuightossos, and wore onjoying themsolvos grandly, whon somo of tho knights from othor parts, callod " iho Knights from Pretty Pomeroy," camo, and notboiug friendly to tho T. Knights began to mako things lively. The result wan that sovoral duels were fought, tho comhatauts boing moro or loss injured, and iudeod soveral of tho onlookerB got wouodn that nearly led tu a general scrummngo. Woll, you know that tho " pont Laureato" of the willow, wishing to porpotuate tho momory of this great night (no pun) sat down on an empty butter kog and wrote out a poem whioh has Hinco boon sot to music. The refrain is Kiulla- (suug as boforc described) ICoalla " I'll novor go tlioro any moro," aud on th 27th August in each yoar— young and old in this district chant this rofrain to koop in ro- memberauco tho occasion upon whioh it was writton. And my storyteller continuod, no concorb about this part is rookonod complotn without this song being suug. It used to bs " Michael John Malono," or Flanugin tho Lodgor,' but now it's— 11 ICcalla— Koalla." ## Qoulburn-stroot yostorday was in tho throos of orcitomout ovor an accident which occurrod to' ouo of our local hollos. Tho victim of tho accidont is very woll known to most of our citizons, iu faot alio is ou moro than spoaking terras with many of them. But " Tot" is to bo pitiod that tho accidout happouod at his (load bullock emporium. Tho facts as gloauod from Johunio "who happened to bo thoro" and who describes it as beautiful, aro or follows . — Tho lady in making a rush across tho strcot ta avoid being run ovor by bully and tho throug of vohiclcsaud bicycles tha thtong our 'main thoroughfare in that particular spot, took ouo stop too mauy and, Bad to relato, ono of hor Ruspoudor buttons gavo way lotting hor bifur cated garments fall whioh nctod liko hobbies, and throw tho poor dear ou to hor noso on tho sawdust. Fortunately Tot was there and with his inuato chivalry rushod to tho roscuo, aud in n short timo had all damngos ropaired. Tho ady is doing as woll as cau bo oxpictort under Tho gontlo drip, drip, of falling wator is not necessarily a good accompaniment to a gauio of dominoes, but whon tho wutor gontly drips from a piston rod it is tho rovorso of pleasant. But trifios light as air often lead to big results, and if it had not boon for this gontlo dripping of wator, wo should novor havo kuowu what poots wo havo in our midst. I am promised an author's copy of the poem composed on this occasion and I boliovo it is something boyoud Tounisoniuu. "How many beans make five" is puzzling tho brains of a good many people iu Crookwell ust now, nud to tho impccuuious oucs I would Hay study nu advortisomout of ouo of our local uuivorsal proWdors in your last issue. At that shop you can save, so tho ad. roads, 30/- iu tho £i. I am going on Saturday wlion l got my screw to see how thoy do it. This sort of arithmetic must bo taught at tho night school I boat so rnuoh about. 