THE UIE MY, JOHN GARLICS f PERPETUATING HIS MEMOES*. There was a.good congregation at All Saints' Church last evening, when .a special servicej was held and the . ceremony': of unveiling | the memorial tablet of thtflate rural dean, the Rev. John-Garliok, "was perfoiroed "by the Yen. Arch deacon MacCullagh. ' In • addition to the arch deacon the following clergymen were presfent: —The rural dean, the' Rev. E. A. Crawford, B.A. (Cnstleinaine) ; the Revs. R. C. N. Kelly, M..A", W. C. Sadlier, M. A..; C. A. Brewer, B.A. ; J. A. White, R.. P. Sutton, H.1 J. Alcock, Si. A. ; E. H. Scott and F. Grist, -and Messrs. Thomson, Beer, Saxon, Herring, Red head and Cheong. • ! The preliminary devotions having been per formed, the. clergy and "members of the vestry, headed by the Veh.'Archdeacon MacCullagh 'aTrd' the"" rural_'dcanV"march'ed in processional order down tho. aisle until tliey reached i the place where the t-abjet had been greeted on jone of the walls. The congregation remained stand ing; while the Rev. VVl Cv Sadlier read the peti tion -which had been forwarded to the Bishop of Melbourne, and his Lordship's reply giving per mission for the erectiou of the tablet.- The Ven. archdeacon then pulled the voil which covered the tablet aside, Raying,."In-.the name of tho Father, Son and, Holy Ghost, I unveil ;this itablet,; whicii has been erected to the memory of the late Rev. John Garlick. I commit it to the custody of the-guardians and trustees of All Saints' Church to be kept in perpetual memory of him whose name is written thereon, 'and whose name is also written in the Lamb's Book of Life." . The tablet, which is of marble bbaifs the following inscription:—"To : the honor and glory of God and in sacred memory of the: Rev., John Garlick, incumbent of .this -parishv who' was "rural dean of Echuca from 1877 to 1SS3, and of Sandhurst from 1SS3 to his lamented death on the 4th October, 1S96, .this, tablet i3 erected by the diocesc of the Ruri decanal Chapter of Sandhurst in grateful and affectionate remembrance of his generous nature,, wise counsel and holy wall; with God. * He was a good man '—Acts 11, 24." The Yen. Archdeacon MacCullagh then preached an excellent sermon appropriate to the occasion, selecting for his text the words— "For he was a good man and full; of the Holy Ghost, and of faith, and much people were added unto the Lord." Referring more particularly to the deceased clergyman, the preacher, who'v,-as Visibly affected, said that to him it was a sorrowful duty, and yet he es teemed it an honor, to - lie asked to unvt.il the tablet to the memory of their departed fri.end. For 26 years he (the archdeacon) had known him well, and from first to last he had bornei tha. :reputation of a true and faithful Christian. ; He was a good man in every sense of the word. He was dignified in his .bearing and sympathetic in liis nature, and many persons in Bendigo ulhom he had assisted would miss him greitly. But they would ever cherish his memory. He had gone to his rest, hut ' his memory remained behind and he " being dead yet speaketh." His name would be handed Ilown ,'to future generations who would meet for worship in that church, and when they gazed on the tablet they would read the .-scord of a blameless life. " Mark the pcrfect man and behold the upright for the end of that man is peace." The proceeding's, which v.'cre of an unusually solemn and impressive nature, then terminated. The choir rendered suitable hymns, Mr. A.J. Pearce occupying his usual place at the organ in an efficient manner. 