THE GUEST ON THE THRESHOLD. While the. last sands of December are rapidly running through the inverted glass, let us indulge ourselves with the fancy of contemplating the New Year as a Guest on the Threshold, ns yet unseen and unknown. Thnro is this difference : no human guest crosEes W threshold uninvited ; but this latest-born of Tii.ic, iike. IUnquo's ghost, waits for no welcome, and will not he denied. How many of us, in the solemn hush of the passing hours, are reflecting what manner of com panion this self-constituted visitor may prove ? We know what his pre decessors have been and what they have done ; how much or how little of help and comfort, of suffering and sorrow, they have conferred upon us ; their tricks and turns, their changes of countenance, their surprises, their mis adventures — with all these we are only too familiar. But, unfortunately, this knowledge will avail us nothing with the stranger. In some respects, it is true, we may assume that he will wear the same favour. We may be certain that he will pour some bitter into our cup, and will mock our ears with promises unfulfilled ; that white he is with us tlie thorns will often crackle under our pots, and our pitchers go down to wells that are waterless This is the way with all the Years ! We may be sure beforehand that he will bring us little which we wish for, and despoil us of much which we prize. There may be no chairs empty around the domestic hearth wiien the New Year crosses the threshold ; and yet, before its trailing skirt vanishes into the darkness, our sorrowing eyes may have learned to gaze wistfully at the ' vacant place '—the place that shall never again be filled. Heaven grant that the coining year may not deal thus with us. May the Guest on the. Threshold carry in his hand no wreath of Cyprus, nor lend in his train tlie luourning- woman ! Yet, after all, this uninvited, though not unexpected, Guest jnay turn out very much what, if we are not over-sanguine, we wish hitn to be. At the worst, here he is — ' the man in possession ;' and it will only be wisi1 to make the best we can of him. There are more blessings around us than the greediest soul can exhaust — more joys than griefs, moie hopes than fears, more stars than clouds. Let us, then hail the stranger with a hopeful and a steadfast heart. Speaking generally, we may say that' the New Ye*r is to tlie young a time' of hope ; to the old, a time of memoryl To t!:e p-o'JEg tbe. /ears are .so may*j \ 'ft caskets of jewels and precious stones, wliich they are eager to handle and lake possession of ; to tho old, they are the bends of Time's rosary, which drop from our fingers even while we count them. Or they are the tnilostones on the road of life, which force upon us the knowledge of how much of our journey is accomplished, and how rapidly it is nearing its goal. But surely we may find a pleasure in re calling the different aspects of the landscape through which wo have been travelling ? If one milestone hag stood in a leafless plain, with tho blankness of silence and solitude al' around, another has been in a place of flowers, whore the golden sunshine played upon it, and made it fair to look at. If one was planted beside a grave, another has risen on the border of a green meadow, where the children gambolled and were happy. If this one reminds us of a great sorrow, so that in the distance it takes the likeness of a cross, and seems to commemorate a Calvary, or at lnastaGethsemane, with its vision of tears and hopeless prayers, another recalls to us a great happiness, and through the mists of the past starts up to heaven, like Jacob's dream-ladder, with angels ascending and decending upon it. Yet another may have been to us as an altar, at which we have olfered up our sacrifice, and then goue on our way rejoicing. Prorogation or Parliament. —Parlia ment has been prorogued till January 31, when, in the absence of some unforeseen contingency, a further prorogation will be proclaimed. New Yk.ar Holidays.— The public offices, banks, and business places will be closed on Monday. Thure will be a de livery by letter-cart wr, and thu Post-office will he open for an hour in the morning, and the Tclpgraph-ofBce from 9 to 10 a. in , and from 6 to 8 p.m. The Wbatuer.— The rain of Friday last did not continue beyond tho crening of that day, and did very little inure good than replenish household and domestic tanks and dami. In some localities the thunder-storm portion of the downpour was heavy, overflowing or filling many station dams and tanks. The days are seasonably warm, and tho nights agree ably cool. Mr. Wraygo, in his forecast for New South Wales, states that rain is likely to fall soon in the interior. Selections. —The following! selection was taken up at tho Local Laud Office on Thursday :— Richard Dwyer, 320 acres (additional), parish Rossi. Conditional Leaser Granted — The undermentioned conditional leases have been granted :— John Stiuson, jun., 53 acres, parish Cocomingla, annual rent 3d. per acre ; Frederick Cross, 179 acres, parish Cunningham, annual rent 4d. per acre ; Commercial Banking Company of Sydney, 147 ceres, pariah Birrema, annual runt 21. per acre ; James Quinn, 70 acres, parish Childotrla, anuunl rent 3d. per acre. Annual Lrabe Granted. — James Daley. 56| acres, parish Reggan Beggan ; annual rent, £1 10s. HoMKKTEMi Sklection.— Tho fttllitvrtng area will be oppii for homestead selection at Young on 9th February lioit :— 55Q acres, iwtiah Wanibanuuiba. Capital value, £831 7s (id. ; annual rent at 1 J per cent, fur the lirst tive years, £10 7s. lOd. ; survey fee, £7 10s. ; clearing, £4, property of the Crown. Situate 15 miles from YoiniK, 1| miles from ? Ueudick Morrvll railirny platform. Dkatii of Chhlstv Evans —A telegram from Peak Hill states that a terrific windctorm pnssed over that place on Christinas Eve, resulting in the death of a man narai'd Christy Evans, trim, whilst riding between Peak Hill and M'Phail, was struck on thu head by a falling tree. The Cowra Buiiglarv. — At theConra polict- court on Thursday, the case against John Johnstone, Archibald Forbes, and Tlinmas Frager, charged with entering thu premises of Murray and Smith, on the night of the 9th instant, wna con tinued. The accused, who reserved their defence, were committed for trial at the Young Assiz * on January 12. John Healy, charged with being an accessory, was also committed for trial at the Bams time and place. Some of the accused are nut altogether strangers at Young. . Tatteiisah.'r Consultation. — The folluwiii' arc the names of the drawers uf plvcod horses in Tattersall'a Consultation ???I the Summer Cup, run at Rmidwick --n Derwnber 20:— Flint home. Strathroy. F. 0. Affl ck, P.O., To-«ro»mha, Queens land, £4ii00 ; second hoise, Murlo.ilas. tors. E. Carroll, Victoria-street, North Graf t,.n, K.S.W, £1350; third horse, Prince Carbine, A. £. Craven. White Swan Syndicate, Swan Bill, Victoria, £90J. These amounts are net ' BURKOWA Xews' ' AiTtjsjUnmW^llji this issue we publish our alfSjhwc. New School Books.— The new Third Fourth, and Fii'.h Readrrs of the new Australian Sch. ml Series have just bet-u published by William lirooks and Co , -.f Sydney aud Brisbane. Those books have been adopted by the Department ?-( Public Instruction for use in the pu' 1 c schools of New South Wales. Many ad mirable ii-lections are inserted, but there appears to be no proper gradation or airangrincnt. The absence of not.e explaining difficult passages and names, also of meaniuKB aud spellings, is a, defect which should bo remedied. The words at the beginning of each article, at any rate, in the Third and Fourth Readers, should be divided into syllables for the benefit of pupils. Many ' Readers ' are now published with ? glossary at the end. There is no reason then for the spelling at the head of each lesson, but explanatory notes should always be given. It as questionable whether slang expressions such as those in ' Clancy of the Orerfluir ' (Fifth Render, page 93) ; and ' Scrooge's Christmas Day' (Fourth Reader, page 07), should be taught in schools. Most Australian boys learn to use slang easily enough without special tuition. The most prominent fault in the books is tho poorness of the illustrations. Old pictures in which tho drawing is very faulty, are reproduced, and the new pictures sre in many cases no better. Nor is the paper tine enough for picture-printing. The titles are given in unsuitable type in the left-hand corner. As com pared with similar literature in use in the Victorian state schools, these Readers arc not up to the mark. We call attention to the fact in the hope that plain criticism may lead to early revision. The publishers have no doubt done their work according to order, so no fault is to be found with them ; indeed, the typography is very good. The Minister for Lands. — Mr. Carruthers, Minister for Lvnds, intends to leave Sydney for an extended holiday shortly. He purposes visiting New Zealand and some of the other colonies. He will probably leave in a week or ft fortnight's time. Good Old Tender Board.— Since the Tender Board has come into existence the Stores Department has been made subservient to it in small things as well as greit. Where the former are concerned the result is not always satisfactory as the following example shows : Some three weeks ago a lorry used by the Scores Department became, it is stated, tem porarily incapacitated, owing to the fact that thu tyrus required to bo ' cut and shut,' in order to tighten them, an operation which costs 5?. per wheel. The man in charge, h.iwever, could not have the work done right away ; departmental regulations are too exact fur that. It wag necessary to fill in a form and send it to the aforsaid Tender Board, whose consent was necessary before the expendi ture could be incurrud. Meanwhile Another lorry had to be hired from a city firm of carriers at the rato of 10s. per day. Three reeks have passed, and, it is asserted, the Tender Board has not yet authorised tho work, though something like £10 has already been paid for the uso of the substituted vehicle. DEATH OF SIR ALFRED ROBERTS. — An old colonist and distinguished medical man has died at Wentworth Falls, in the Blue Mountains, in the person of Sir Alfred Roberts. The deceased gentleman was born in London in 1823, where his father practised as a surgeon, and received his medical education at Guy's Hospital. He came to Sydney in 1854 and practised his profession until quite recently. A monument to his philanthropy and genius for organisation is the Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, of which he was hon. secretary from its establishment until last year. It was the keen interest Sir Alfred Roberts displayed in promoting public movements with the object of providing skilled medical attendance for the sick and injured in the colony, that secured him Royal recognition in 1883, when he was knighted. FATAL QUARRELS.— John Corbett, 18 years old, was found dead at Wagga on Sunday morning. Deceased, in company with Edward George Donnelly and others, visited two hotels, and considerable wrangling ensued in regard to disputes over drinks. After visiting the last hotel they went outside, where the dispute was continued, and shortly after Donnelly struck Corbett and knocked him down. His mates, not thinking he had been injured, left him. Subsequently assistance was rendered him, but he died before he could be conveyed to his home, a short distance away. Edward George Donnelly has been arrested on a charge of causing his death. As a result of the Coroner's inquiry Donnelly has been committed for trial. That a single short sentence may sum up a whole situation was well illustrated by an incident in the Melbourne Police Court on Mouday, when three Chinese were charged with furious driving. There was much argument among the parties concerned as to the merits and demerits of the affair, but one of the defendants, Louey Ling, stood afar off and looked on surveying the proceedings with a pensive smile. ,' Anything to say to the charge V asked Senior-Constable Ktiane. Briefly Louey Ling, replied, * Too muchee talkee ; how much I lined ?'' Ethel M'Nabb, the young mother who poisoned her child by giving it spirits of salt, was tried for murder. She had been deserted by her husband, and had gone back to her parents. She was rendered despondent by her helplessness. The jury fw£~.d tl'.d.r^VikUghtcr, and the Chief Justice (Sir John Madden) let her off with a sentence of twelve months' im prisonment. It seemed that she had been brutally ueod by her husband. Emily Warren, ayming married woman, was seized with a tit on Friday evening while travelling by train from Sydney tu Goulburn, and died soon afterwards. Wheat is coming in slowly at the Young mill, thu farmers not caring to sell at the prices ofl»rod, which, however, are higher than the Sydney plies l»ss- traiiiaye. Don't let the little ones suffer from Eczema, or other torturing skin diseases. No need for it. Doan's Ointment cures. Can't harm the most delicate skiu. At anj dealer's, 2s. 9d. A Girl'n Hbrodsm.— In April, 183d, a big fire broke oat at an oilmonger'a iti Gravvl-laiie. Egress by the stairs was cut --lf, when a girl was seen at an upper window. The crowd held out some clothes, and called to her to jump. Instead she disappeared in the smoke, but soon reappeared, dragging with hur a feather Loot This, with great difficulty she pushed through the window. Tho crowd caught it and stretched it, again calliii!! her to jump. But mice more she went back tu the smoke, returning with a child of three in her anus. She skilfully threw thu child on to the. bed, aufl Jlieu went back to fetch another. ' Agwi she ?lid the same, Baving in all three cBldren. Then *b- tried to jump hrrselQ But the lii-rce heat and tXw eni--lio /f«d ex hausted her. She hnd not Sufficient strength left to jump with any forcu, and ehe could not. ruauh the bed, but fell with crashing force on tbe paiitigv She was carried iiisonsiole to St. Thomas's ^Hospital, sud a few days Afterwards 