ITEMS OF NEWS. I Wo stated recently that Cr Mitchell had, after 20 years' service as a member, of the local Borough Council, decided not to seek re-election at the annual olection next month. -A requisi tion is, however, being influentially signed to nbk him to reconsider his decision, and to allow himself to be again nominated on the forth coming occasion. The Castlemaino Club have decided to hold another road race, and it is to take place on the 10th prox. Prizes have been donated by Mr P. Breheny (President), Mr A.. A. Millar, and Mr G. M'Donald, whilst Mr Wilkinson, photo grapher, gives a prize for the fastest unplaced competitor. Nominations close with , the Secretary (Mr V. Ottey) on Thursday evening next. ,- ., The Woodond rifle team, being unable to got the necessary permission to travel .by rail to Castlemaine to-day, tho ; match with : the: local Militia Rifle Club lias' been postponed in definitely. . : The Committee of the local Bicycle Club have arranged a smoke-night social for tho night of Wednesday, August 10th; A very attractive programme is being propared, and the gathering should prove of an enjoyable character. Tho prizes won in the road race (to be held on the same day) will be presented, and :tlie Castlemaine Orchestra will make its first appearance at the social since its re-formation. " It is rumoured that there aro already three aspirants for the position of Mayor of the borough, and each is protty sanguine of winning the coveted distinction. This much is cortain— that if ono Councillor does not got the Mayor ship on the approaching occasion, there is likoly to bo wigs on the green. With the knowledge that tho now municipal chambers will be in uso during tho next Mayoral term, additional im portance is consequently being attached to tho appointment. ; f ;. : '. Mr W. Adams will, on -Wednesday' next, hold a sale of the stock of groceries, jewellery, watches, etc., for Mr W. Dent, of .Chewtoh. , Thoro was but one case set down for "hearing at tlio Police Court yesterday,' und, on. the application of Mr Oornisli, it was'adjourned, so that tho parties interested raay settle it: The corporation flag was at half- mast yester day as a tribute to the memory of the late Mr J. A. James, a former .member of .the Borough Council. The deceased was .62 years of. age, and a colonist for 46 years. Tho private letter boxes (numbering 24) at: the local Post Offico have become so popular that Mr A. Wolfe, tlio Post-master, . has requested ; tho Department 'to. supply another dozen boxes. ' ' ' 5 ' ' 5 . The notice to parents issued ; iri. connectiori with the compulsory clause ,'of. the; Vaccination Acthriving been proved invalid. bccauHo out of accord witli the schedule, a fresh notice is now: being prepared arid will-be ready for use 'next month. .-'-'i.' 5;; ' - r Tho silly individual ivho. has been risking his life by appearing as a ghost during tho past two nights will do well to consider discretion the bottor part of valour, otherwise : he is likely to be a subject either for a dootoror an'under- taker. Tho simploton lias selected tho Camp for his ghostly peregrinations, and if ho had boon captured last night by a body of firemen,, who wore, iri quest of him, the reception and castigation that would have followed . would havo boon the liveliest' and most memorable in the career of that jackanapes. , Mr C. H. Nicholson, P;M.,' who is welb. known lioro, is soriously ill, rind his condition is considered very critical. p : '; Probate is sought to the will of. thoilrite jRov.'; John Cattorall, Wcsloynn minister, v bite" of' Brunswick. It is valued at L2169. Railway crossings agnin. A Mrs Kershaw had a marvellous escape from boing killed whilst, driving a waggonette aoross the Inglowood line. She did not see a: train approaching, and tlio whistle, if sounded, was" not Heard by her. On reaching the: lino (where, thoro is a curve,) alio saw tho train about 100 yards off, and tried to, back tho horse, the result being thnt tho train ran into "the trap, throwing the occupant out, and damaging the trap and horso. Mrs Kershaw fortunately escaped \vith a sovore shaking. 5 Attention had ' boon previously drawn to tlio dangerousnoss of., the crossing in question. , ' ' 75 . Gaulus has lioen; scratched for the Melbourne Cup and Caulfield Cup. , . The band of gipsies,5 who,- a' fdw days ago, left South. Australia, . , aro ( gradually - migrating to Melbourne.' They have ''reached Dirnboola, whore, owing to their dirty habits and begging propensities, the inhabitants! as in other towns, aro paying the mil fares of tho Greeks to get rid of thorn. At the annual meeting of. the Cnstlemaine Browing Company, Melbourne, on Thursdny, Attention was; called. to the continuance ;of cut throat competition among Victorian browors. An olderly man; named Thoirms Gudrin was charged at tho Eaglehawk Polioo Court :yostor- day with attempting on or, about June 16 to un lawfully and- cariially- know_ and abuse his daughter, Margaret Ann Guorin, a girl' 6 years of ago. Accused was committed for trial at tho . Bendigo Assize's on August 16th'. j ' .Snow "foil in Ballarat and surrounding dis- triots, yesterday.. . : -, . v:' ; Richard Beckett, who was over 60 years of ago, while prospecting by. himself, at Carnpooee, was injured by a fall of earth. ; He died about an hour a'fterwardB. His spino was injured and some ribs fractured. ' Three bodies have been discovered in the bush, near Peak Hill, West Australia. They aro supposed to be those of three drovers, employed by Mr Jules Gascard, of the Annoan Station, who have been missed for sometime. In consequence of tho flooded state of the Goulburn Rivor, M'Coy's-bridgo is blocked with snags. It is in a dangerous state, two piles having been washed away, and there is a big scour on each side. Several hundred pounds' worth of damage lias been done. Arthur Davis, the journalist who has been missing from his homo at Richmond for about a fortnight, has not s;nce been heard of. A hat, which his wifo identifies as his, has, howevor, been- picked up on the Rod Bluff Beach, St. Kilda. The Hon. A. Deakin, tho Chairman of the Executive of the Federal League of Victoria, is quite cheerful concerning the bearing of tho elections in New South Wales on tlio Federation question! He points out that Mr Reid, the leader of the " provincial" fedorationists, wont to tho country with a majority of forty at his back, and has como back with . tho. barest working majority of ten, or something less. The Royal mail steamer Opliir, with English moils to July 1, lias arrived at Albany. She should ' reach Adelaide on Monday, and the Melbourne portion of her mails should be available for delivery on Tuesday'iimming. ' : Mr Hamilton intends, in the 1 Legislative Assembly noxt week, to call for a roturn as to the number of people dependent ori the Coliban water scheme,' with tlio viow of showing the necessity for. the construction of a second reservoir., . A; rather singular accident has occurred at N umurkah to a . Mrs " E. J. Wiison. She was heating some water in a treacle tin, the lid of which fits down so as to. make the can airtight. Just as she wris about to raise the lid to see if the water were boiling tlie confined steam blew into lier face and scalded her somewhat severely.5 Some little time back a swagman'in Kyrioton lost the sight of an eye in a similar way. ' The Duke of Norfolk hns written.. to' the Agents-Goneral of tho diirerent Australian colonies, notifying them tlmt tho Imperial penny postngo system will only bo extended to colonios tho Government of which will voluntarily reciprocate. The full effects of tho drought nnd bush fires aro now being folt, as several hundreds of cattle, mostly milch -cows, have died within the shire alone. Tlio farmers at Pooivong North are amongst tho heavier losers ; one, a poor man with a large family of young children, is reported to have lost 30 head. An interesting discovery was recently made near Haddon (writes a Ballarat correspondent) by a woodcutter named Tuddenliam. While in the net of splitting a log, lie noticed two little balls of grey fur, and, upon examination, those proved to be a pair of strange little animals about the size of large mice. Tho little creatures were shown to Mr Hart at the Ballarat School of Mines,, who is iriclined 5 to identify tliom as tarsipes, though of a different species to those found in Western Australia. 