CORRESPONDENCE. TO THE BDITOB OF THE ALBURY BANNER. SlE,— It appears to me thab I am like the clog that has done something wrong, as the \- ' ? editor of the Rutherglen Sun had to copy my ? .letter re Rutherglen Show, and he Bays that .. T have evidently gone afield to get the bile off my mind after being defeated. Had I been defeated on fair grounds I would have said nothing about the matter through the ' press, but I believe I had good cause to be dissatisfied with the show. I spoke ot the unfairness of the butchers being allowed to enter stook in the show last year, but didn't make it in writing. Hence the same compe tition comes in, and my opinion is that the person getting the first prize should not get second prize if there be other exhibits any where near the mark, as it is very unfair to other exhibitors. I am quite content to be ? pay for entry fees or member's ticket and to !?»*?* l»rt#»frtr» *-**?» foil, linoa 1\rr tarmava T PP1*. tainly should have entered a protest afc the time, and would have done so had I thought of it in time. I do not complain with any desire to do the society an injury, but with a hope that good may result therefrom ; firmly believing, as 1 do, that our district is a good one, and thab with -our beautiful park and growing town, our large farming community, and the fruit and wine growing, dairying, mining, and agricultural industries, our society should be second to none. I feel thoroughly convinced that if the show is pro perly managed and looked after the society will thrive, more especially if we had a good newspaper that would loek after tho farmer's interests as well as the town and the miners. But, Mr. editor, I must say that I think we \- (the farmers) are left out in the cold to weather the storm as best we may. Because the farmers are so backward in coming for ward, we are thought nothing of ; but I may ?say that the agriculturists are the backbone ot the country. The miners cannot do even without the farmer or grazier ; although the miners help us, still they cannot go and get an ounce of gold without the farmer, and \- they or the townsmen cannot get on without the agriculturists, who are always working ' and plodding along like horpes or bullocks, 1 and not looking after their own interests. But I hope we are not all blockheads, and as Mr. Editor has said thab the committee will heartily welcome me, 1 will probably go in with you and mike one of the new blood, though I don't profess to be one of the ttUlobl* X uu iiul ll-*un.-?i. aiLoi piaco jit luy produce is not worthy, but I wish to see fair play and justice and merit where worthy. I don't want any special class for me exclu sively, but a farmers' class, open to farmers only, which will be to the interest of all concerned in connection with same ; and not because I am defeated for once I am going to \- give up the ghost ab once, but certainly shall withdraw therefrom unless there is some alteration made in the olas&eB; mentioned. We, the farmers and graziers, have only a faint shadow of getting anything for our money, time, and trouble to exhibit the way things stand at present, and until there is an alteration for the better the farmers will not make an attempt to come in as exhibitors, Hud very possibly neither as visitors. — Tours truly, THOS. H. C. PLEMING, Farmer, Springhurst. 