PA'S GOVERNESS. ?? [JU.t Rights Reserved, j Of course, Miss Wade was really my governess, that is, she was engaged to teach tfejtrab it whs Pa who engaged, lier.so I call Wr hia'to distinguish her from the others Whom Ma had chosen; Oh ! how I wish the would always leave the choice of one to !?», hot «lie never did, except that, once — and that was through an accident — and I'm. quite sure one never will again. it Hap pened in*thia way. - * _ One day early in June,. my eisler Maggie, »ho is married, telegraphed for Ma. The telegram came while we Were at breakfast, snd as «Fe live nt B'ixton, she had to hurry to catch the tr n-fcbirty from King's Croas. ' WiJliam, you must go to Skilbury's for fee,' said Ma, as she was bustling about, getting ready. # Skilbuiy's was an ajenov ^or the .ropbly of governesses, and Ma had written to about tialf-u-dozt-n out of the hundred or so who had applied for, the situation and told them to meet her there that morning at twelve. . ' All right, my dear.' replied Ph, calmly —nothing ever puts 1'a cut ' Am I to en gage one of the young women, or put thbin 9fl with fair words till a more convenient Season 1 ' - ? ' I don't know whether I can trust you,' «aid Ma doubtfully. ' I suppose 1 must though, or Effie will be running wild while I am avhiy, and there is no_ telling how poor. Maggie may need me. Mind, I don't, want one who is too young, or years older than 1 am^or hideously ugly, and 1 won't pay more than fifty. I know you'll chose the leasLySuihibla of (lie lot, but — well, do try and use your couimon sen?e for once, and mind you tell Mr. Skilbui-y to ranke the agreement, terminable at a month's notice.' Vv-^ When Ma had gone, Pa looked ut Uncle Red, who lived with us and chuckled. *l Effie, my dear,' he said, ' 1 can't walk intov. the Gorgon's den all alone and un protected. You must come with me. Lg£ .^^V^'tC6 g0 int0 tixe di* &S6.; ''Fred, ' ' getyMtr bobt^S;—'*^-1^'^ Miss Madcap bad better go down too. You can cool your heels and improve vour minds inside St. Paul's for an hour or so till I'm ready for you.' Uncle-Fred at that time was so listless \ andTddiffeirer;! that, he always did whatever anybody told him He had been ensjajnd. and the girl had married someone else, so of course he fannied his heart was broken, bnt even he couldn't help laughing at the way Pa went on as we rode down to Black inars on (/fit) irani. I don't think I quite understand Pa. I suppose he and Ma love each other — they ought to do, as they have been married nearly five anil-twenty years : but when , ever Ma goes away Pa behaves like a school hoy homo for abn!i':ay — like the sort of Bchoolboy you read t-bout in books, I mean — not: the stuck-up solemn things you see ub the pantomime trying to look as if it bored them. ? e b*d noi had a holiday— I mean Ma had not been a-way— for a long time, ,ind he was worse than usual that day. It is no good trying to write down the tilings lie said. For one thing, I can't' remember them, and for another, mo? t of Pa's jokes are like :ierai-n! w;-t'-r-. P|-nrk- Iing an:( n-fro^ ing w i u ho le's (h in --rf, but-flat an insipid jiftn wank. FLilf i ho fun of them is in hi? (xurejvnon ivlien he tnake3 them, and no one co^ld ever per Euade him that a. man ought- not io IhujjIi at liis own jokes. P»- 'auy-h is cui-clnnw though, and long b. :om we tint to B'ack friars Uncle Fie.d v.,«.- h-u^'iinu too b cuuso Pa sin I tlmt |.-wi.n]i- :iiK..:y I he hall rlozt-n Jani!_ Eyivs l'«*«.-='--I ?! .-Ji uiy goieriii--»e« Jane E\ re — tlieie nut In bo one who would be a consols! on to him. Foreome tinu« after Pa lefi us Uncie Fred remained cheerful. He t rented me to ices and some lovely . --wet t.t, but when we were in St. Paul's he rel;ipa- il, :mri «toorl so long Blaring at Wellington's tomb.aiid.iuoking as if he wished he were under it, that I was qnite jjlad when Pa came and took me oft to Skilburj's in a hansom. II Delight o3 to make your acquaintance. Mr. \Vilbitis-',' Paid Mr. Sk(!bui y, v/hm Pa explained that he had cumo' instead, of Ma j ' your alter ejro, if you will pardon the esteeir.o-1 clients. This, I suppose, ia the yountr lady on whose behalf my services as — er — .-fr-ll we s.iy a winnower of the wheit fioin t!ie nhall ? — arc lequired. Ah, well, well ! ' Mater pulciini, tiiia poichrior.-' I really be-i your .pardon ; my tongue runs uway with me nt; times. If von will kindly step tills wav, sir,- the first of the selected andidateg shall lie with you in ji moment).' Ho said all 1 liis very fast, especially the Latin part of ir, and I think he must, have moved as quickly as he Fpoke, for he had scarcely closer! the door of his private office upon us, when he o* enerl it aj'-Bin and announced ' Mies W.-irle,' before Po had even time (o finish telling mo what be thought of him. '?'Ho^.sccms a 'queer old - ,'' wa? all Pa had said, when the queer olil v.lialever it was came back. I fr-ar Mr. Skilbury heard him, and I know Miss Waclg did, for as she too'* a seat, she looked at me with eyes so full of fun, that I coulrln'r, help smiling at her. Then ahe smiled back; aiitl Pa caught her in the act, but he didn't seem to be vexed. * ' Good morning, Miss VVade.' he said, smiling himself. ' These are your testi monials, I believe ? Very satisfactory, Pro sure; You ask fifty pounds a .year, don't you'? Good ; we shnn't quarrel about that. You are at present disengaged ? -Very good, ver — y good fadeed ! Effie, my clear, '' I think you and Miss Wade will get on well together, eh ? ' 14 Ob, yes, papa,' said I. Miss VVade was just lovely, and her eyes seemed to be laughing all the time, so I really meunt it, though I thought it was very -illy of Pa to ark me such a quc-tion, for I couldn't, have said ' no*' even if she had been the' grimmest of grim o'd horrors. 'Thntts »li light il.on,' ...:rf Pn. 'I hope Miss Wsidr !- o sl.e - -iisi- oji'nion.' I SIlO sakl 8lie War, :iim.' H- m\ o ? t.:.i!. dvlifr'nt ? Pa angaged her wiil-.i-n; *\ ??» -,tii!-i im\ ot tha others who were wa-iiw. . ? 'I 'You've, not lieen Iimu' :.l).-ut b, William,' j eni'3 Uncle Fieri, when v/er- - ::h':-l t!-e pl»co i where he* wn- wa.if.mu F. .1 11- I ' No; my boy,' le-.plm.l Pi. '? The'ie w;,s no need to he.-iti-tn. OJiJ^jkillmiy trol.ted out his best goods tirsi, ''ve engaged a M 5-s' \Va.le. She's ^- —- Then ?a wbispeiod, bur. 1 am .almost sure he suid 'stunner.' ' L'ucie Fred ^ laughed, and told. Pa to .mind be didri'e get bis hair combed, by Which, I eupp'-pe, he meant he (houfht, Ma. might bivvex»AL,-b^c.iiuse Pa i*U cLoien^Lss Wude 'mrithaiit seeiug uny; x ~ body elee, though I oouldnt see why she shosld be. Miss Wade was nob hideously ugly bub very pretty, and if twenty-two is rather young for a governess, she had had plenty ' of experience, as she had been in no fewer j than six different situations in four years. ' She . had splendid testimonials, too, and never seamed to have left through any fault of her own, I read the copies she had sent us when I gob home, and thev made me feel quite sorry for her, because always as she was settling down, some accident hap pened, and she was turned out One lady was very sorry to part with Miss Wade, and only did so because she was' sending her girls to school. Miss Wade had left anotherfamily, which esteemed her highly, because the boyB were leaving school, and there wasn't room for a resident governess in the house ; and a third lot of stupid people went abroad, and, much as thev thought of her, couldn't manage to take her with them. . ' Never mind, dear,' thought I. ' Ma won't send me to school, and we are not at all likely to go abroad, bo, if I like you as much as I think I shall, you have found a place at last which you ought to keep for some years.' . - I did like her,' too, even better .than I CA^CUICUt UUC UaiUO UIIU UCAU UttJT, CU11J in the afterno n, and the first delightful thing I found out about her was that she pia.ved lawn-tennis beautifully. ?. Some of our neighbours stick up nets on the most ridiculous little patches of 'rass.butlhere is plenty of room -for a full-sized court in our garden, and both Pa . and Uncle Fred are very fond of the game — only 'Uncle Fred has pretended he doesn't care about it since he was tbiown over. Pa was coming home at- five that evening, ' and I was to ask one of the girls next door to come in and make up the net ; but as Miss Wade said she Dla\ ed there was no need te do that. ' Oh ! I'm so j^SsLjsa 'play,' said I. ' Woul4,iX3a-'nfee a game now, just to get -used to the lawn, ready for this evening ? ' I asked her that, because I know by pain ful experience how often girls, who seem to think rackets were made to hold behind their backs, and show off their nVui es, say they can ?? play ' lawn tennis ; but I felt ashamed of my artfulness when she gave me a good beating. We had only one set then, because Uncle Fred, who has plenty of money and doesn't do any work, came put when we had finished, and began' to.., compliment Miss Wade on her play. I was ? surprised, for ever since Mi- a Parkinson jilted him, Uncle Fred has biddeu himself or has gone o& somewhere, whenever any grown-up girl comes to the house, and 1 suppose it was my surprise made me introduce him in such a wUy way. Oh 1 Miss Wade,' I said. ' This is Uncle Fred.' It was very foolish, because ne is Ma's brother and his surname is Fowler, but it didn't much matter, for though Miss Wade called him Mr. Wilkinq, the mistake led to a laugb .and a .lot of nonsense about sur names, and Christian names, and nick names, which put him and Miss Wade at their ease directly: Pa stared when he came home and found us all having tea ouc in the garden, and he opened hi eyes still wider when Uncle Fred i old him not to wa-te more time than he could help in getting into his flannels, as Miss Wxde was an enthusiast, and bad been eager to begin for the last quarter of an hour. ' How do we play ? ' asked Pa when he was ready. ' / '? M;8- Wade and 1 give you and Effie fifteen,' i eplied Uncle Fred, who seemed quite keen on the game again. We beat them, but oh ! that set was hard work. P-t*play8 a ball very well — when he Ciin get to it — but he is rather stout and very lazy, so when I am his partner he makes me run all over the court, and calls me a dufler because 1 can't be on both side lines at unce. It really isn't fair, and he doesn't expect his other partners to be all legs and wings. For instance, that evening later on, Miss Wade and I changed over, and then it was : 'Never mind, Miss Wade Prayjrjon't over exert yourself. Remember it's only a game after all. Whst we miss to-day we'll take to-morrow. Renshaw Umself would never have reached that one.' In spite of Pa's unfairness, I enjoyed my game and was almost sorry when dinner was revly though I was fearfully hungry. Any time is dinner time in our house, be cause Pa i» so irregular in his. habits. This evening it was eight, and 1 don't think I ever enjoyed a dinner more. Pa was in the highest spirits, and even' Uncle Fred showed no signs of relapsing into his habitual gloom. Anyone would have thought Miss Wude was Pa's favourite niece instead of the governess, he ?eemed so anxious to plense her. Our usual family drink is beer, but Pa insisted on what he*calls ' broaching ' a bottle of champagne, in honour of Miss Wade's arrival — or rather, as Ma was away there was no need for him to insist; he just h'ld to fetch the botlle from 'the cellar-and open it:. After dinner we had some music. Mis3 Wade played the piano quite as well as she did lawn-tennis, and she sang very nicely too, not. si uuid classical things, but lively ballads, such as ' Twickenham Ferry,' and I% Cherry Ripe.' Uncle Fred can sing — hp used to be always singing, when he was^ engaged— -and that evening he began :gH!n. . When we were tired of music we went out into the garden and sat under a tree and talked. After a while Uncle Fred said he was sure Miss Wade would catch cold if she sat 81 ill any longer ; and he made such a fusa .. that, though' ib was* warm enough, and I knew she wasn't really frightened,' slie got up and walked about with him. I thought it was rather cool of undo Fred to monopolise Miss Wsde like that the very first evening, bufc'1 was- so tired of Feeing him going about rapping over tiio falseness of that. Miss Parkinson, that I felt I could forgive- him his selfMiness, if lie found Miss W tide's company ~,taa any consolation to oim. It. was soon evident that he (lid find it a very great convolution. Out of lesson Iiour3 ho 'never U:fi us. For the fir^t week we I'iiiyed ttnnis every afternoon, L-xcept two a.ijBWiien it ruined, anu then he reud aloud io us while wo worked. Then ho bcgairto take us out. We went for drives, we went sp tfaerivp.rnnd down the river, to Madame Tussaud's, to the' Zoo, IHyde Park, West minster Abbey— everywhere, in f-ict. Miss Wade bad never been in London be fore, imd'ib was all new to her. So were the theiilres^tibut wo didn't begin . going to those until she had. be«u. ivitii us uearly, three weeke, and then Pa always went tct. He said he didn'fe see why we should have all the fun to ourselves, while.he was slav ing away in the city. That was one daj after we had rowed up from^Cftddington to Hampton Court, find didn't ''get back till nearly ten ; so, to keep Pa in a good humour, Uncle Fred suggested that we should all go to the ' Audacitj ,' the next night. ''?? ;- We went,- not- only to the' Audacity,' but to another in the same week. and to two more the week after. Pa likes theatre-going and so do 1 ^ but Ibis was.nn unusual treat for me, as Ma doesn't approve of ioo much of it for young girls. Then Ma came home and spoilt everything. She came quite lujnexp3ctedly, too. We had been to the ''Ambiguity,' and were having supper afterwards. ?*iPa bad ' broached ' . another bottle of champagne — why, I didn't know, though 1 guessed— and we /were.all very merry when in came Ma. . Pa was facing the floor and saw her first. He. stopped short in the middle of drinking Miss Wade's health, and looked like the pictures of men who are supposed to have seen ghosts, ' This is a very pleasant surprise, my d ar,'be said to M«, who stood in the door way looking very angry. ? He smiled as he spoke, did Pa, but bis smile reminded me of .'the boy next door, who once smoked upipi to show off before me and one of his sister?. Ma took no notice of him, but came forward into the room, with her eyes fixed on Miss Wade, as if she was fascinated by her. Uncle ErecJ rose and offered her a chair, but she waved him back. ? ? 'Nob at present, thank you, Frederick,' she said. 'Pray, where is Miss Wade, and how is it that she has allowed Effie to be present ab this— er— festivity?' 'Why, Ma,' I put in,' this is Miss -yYfid8,' p£.CC\uJ2fi.'^.__ ? _--?? ?*?'---''?' '' ? ' Oh ! Indeed ! ' said Ma, looking very much astonished, though Lliad described Miss Wade very carefully in my letters, and had said besides that:. ?he didn't look a bit like a governess. 'Iain very glad to hear it. . Under the i;iiuuiuaiauucs, uiuuuui,jl uaiuruuy usauuieu that. you were the — er — guest of iny hus band or my brother. ^But, no doubt, j'ou have not yet been made acquainted with the rules of the house. One of them is, that Effie never stays up after ten with out my special permission. Effie. go to bed.' ' ; I kissed them all, and went— but not to bed. I wouldn't do such a thing now, of course, but I wasonlv fourteen then, and the temptation was very atrong. 1 left the door just a - wee bit ajar, stopped outside and listened. ' Fred, I believe Maria thinks we are entertaining the Queeji of Sheba;' began Pa. ' My dear, I assure you this young lady really is Miss Wado, whom you com missioned me to engage a b Skilbury's, and of whose arrival you were advised by letter of the eighth ult.' I guessed by the tone of his voice that Pa was trying to joke, but Ma said very seriously, . 'I can quite believe chat, William. Perhaps you will explain how you have beguiled Miss Wade into thinking that such— er — dissipation as this was per .missible for her pupil.' ' Well, the fact is, my love,' explained Pa, 'Fred and Mi?? Wade are thinking of trying a little experiment in matrimony, and this little jollification is in honour of — of, well the signing of the treaty of alliance, as . it- were. We have all ? been to the ' Ambiguity,' and, according to my custom .on thi se special occasions, I broached a bottle on our return. I — I really think the best thing we can do is to broach another in honour of your safe arrival, my dear. Fred, your legs are younger than mine, and you-know the bin — ' Uncle Fred moves quickly, so I stayed to hear no more, bub ran awuy upstairs before he came out. I don't know exactly what went on over that second bottlo, but Ma must hare softened a good deal, for in the morning she was quite friendly with Miss Wade, who stayed with us until slro and uncle Fred were murried a fortnight later. I don't think!, though, that Ma really liked her, because after the- wedding she was quite augrv with me for saying that as Pu and I bad made such a splendid choice, we had belter ro to Skilbury's together again. When I told Pa, and asked him what Ma's objection ? to Miss VVade could possibly be, he laughed, and said he sup posed Ma thought she was too good looking for a governess. That, of course, was bis nonsense, because, though a governess's -looks can't a-atler much, any body would naturally pi efer a pretty one, and. Ma hci-elf had said ehe wouldn't have an ugly one. . -- ? What in.ide Ma come home so un expectedly ? Well, I have heard— mind, this is a sec-rct— that somebody sent her an anonymous letter, saving that Pa was making Jovo to the new governess ; but surely, Ma would no more believe such an accusation than Pa would dream of'giving grounds for it. She: That was such a funny story you, toW mtj yfcBter.iaj abeut a donkey, Mr. Grisgs ? Ho : Do you think so ? ? Shn : Yes, indeed ; after this, whenever I see a. uoukey it will remind me ot you. Their Treasure. - Old Gotterof : So, you really lo-ve our daughter ? Charley Vau New : I do. Old Gtttterof :_ Ycty well, you may have her. But doB't takn her from us too soon, my boy ? not loo soon, from her old fattier aud mother, Not before to- morrcw. Promise me that. \- ?? ' ?-.-..?§?.., Wife : Did you notice at the pstty last even ing how grandly our daughter Clara swept into the room ?.-.'-? Husband (with a grunt) : Oh, y«s ; Clara c-n srverp into the room eraadly enough, but when it comes te sweeping out tha room she isci't there. ??? ' And did he say he remembered me when I whs a girl ?' ' No ; he said he remembered you when be was a boy.' ?«? He Was Mistaken.- OJil Gentleman : Louho, I U aid »ec c no being kissed ence or twice in the bbll la&t; night. 'Was it 3-ou ? Liuise (blusbing) : Oreo or twice, did jou say, papa ? Old Gentleman ; Yea. ? . Louise : Theu it wasn't I. ?«? Brimblecorn (fiercely): Do -you lore me, Deborah ? ' -. * ~. Miss Bt'ace : ^ Really, you s»re co impetuous ! BritnMi roi u (willi a groa/u) :- 1 letkon jouM .ba impetuous if you were kneeling on a c&ctus; ! 