"JWOGUE-CA'xCHIIqG," "iHow do I suneed in eitchlin.g to many criminals ?" said a. smirt detec tive to a writer ii ' Cassell's." " Why, by looking for them, of course. At the presenllt mnoment 111my afetions arc dcn tred on half a dozen men. . li?ive ins my pocket full particunlr's of theil mis deeds, and mlso their photographs, and I: am simply saunitering around on the chance of some of them turning up. I know their haunts so 'well that it will be a strange thing if. I don't hook one of them by this tiiic to-morrow." "]iut they don't full into your arms, 'do they ?" " No, but when a dock orniamnent once lands in .London, it 'isn't ian easy thiing for him to get out again. •It takes a long time to track some .muen, even if they ldon't kniow your're after tlhem, but they're bound to be caught sooner or later. I was in a restauinant the oiher day ihlcn I got wini'l of the fact that a certaini indivi duanl had left there half an' lhoUr be fore. lie. was an expert bird of prey, so tiat you ean imagiie I wuas out in .it second..I knew thaii he was fOid of drink, 'so I juit called at .thfe nearest' public-house toin nake inquiries. ' gave l dcsclriptioli of tile 'ruscl, ndli found that hle ihad been tlhre. I didi tile same at uanotlher public-hoiise a-quarter of.ai mile away, and heard. tlihat he'd been there too.i In ffact, :I. literally hunted himn down by calling at inus- aid other pilaees of refreshment.. I spenit several hours over the business, and whein I fially aInid hold of hlini hle wast too flabbergasted, to speakcl. .le hlidn't. tihe ghost of an idea that I lhad been following lhin up. It woulln't do to publish all my methods of rogue-catch ing. Sometimes 1 feel sure that l've:. run. my man to enrth, but with only a puiltry photograph to idenmtify hinm by there is just tihat little element of.un certainty which prevents me making the clapture. I've been in a restaurant patronised by aI susplect und eaten half •L dozen meals ,by his side before vea turing to arrest him. Why ? Oh, I haid to compare him in the flesh with the supposed likeness of him Ihaid in my pocket-book." 