CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. THE FREE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. ADDRESS BY THE REV DR. DUFF Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, there was a large congregation at St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church cm Wednesday night when the Rev. Dr. R. S. Dufi, der.uty fi-om the Free Church of Scot land, gave an address. T<je I'cv. J. E. Rfibeitson, M.A., presided. J}r. Dull brielly explained the object of his visit to the colonies, and sjwke with enthusiasm of the development of Otago CNew Zealand), the jubilee of which province he had jusi, attended. He had been deeply impressed in his journey through the several colodius witli the love that everywhere existed far the old land. The greatness of the Brit ish Jonpire was realised and appreciated through Austtalia, and the affection -which Britons felt for the Queen, was shared here equally with England. He regarded it as a very hopeful sign that throughout the Empire the vastness of the heritage to wtiich Britons had succeeded was fully ap preciated. He believed that in these new lands there was an unlimited field for the extension of the homes of families 'wh'ch Scotland and England were too limited in area to open up prospects for. Speaking: ol the Fiesbyterian Church, he said it was in the van of the greatest spiritual forces in the world. It was not rarcumscribed by any lard, but cculd flourish anywhere and amidst any circumstances. This thought shculd be specially halpful to ministers ■working in • isolated places. Tlie Free Church of Scotland insetted on a thor oi'ghly -educated ministry. They were dtlonnined that their teachers should be ■Hell equipped for their ( work. As a c.nsequence they gladly accepted all the new light which from time to time was. shed on the Word of God and on religions truth. Still he claimed that it could not be fairly said that there yra? any looseness of creed Amongst them. '. His observations during his visit had (strengthened his con viction that here, as -well as at home, they must have a high standard of learning for their ministry. Their shnrch was a mis sionary churchy and he-vas pleased with the enthusiasm he had found in evangelical work. In his own city (Glasgow) the home misriorary enterprise -was so strong that they had determined to add 16 new churches to the places of worship belong-' ing to the Free Church,/and the other •Pres byterian bodies were similarly at went. The same spirit characterised their breth ren in Edinburgh, and Mr. Mitchell's mis sion in the outlying districts of South Aus tralia was eminently characteristic of that sprit of Presbyterianisni.: At the ?r?^rM>< Assembly of the church at home consider able time was devoted to the discussion of the report on "Heligion and morals." Something of that kind would be, of advan tage here. There vere problems there which the church appeared almost po-wer less to effectively «ieal with—-problems of vice too black to be described. Adelaide, howevcr,_waa young and fair, and the work of Christians here was to prevent, and thus obviate the future-necessity for cure. The instruction, of the young was also a work to-which they should turn their attention. They -wanted the best men and -women of the church tor this, tto wan was too great to teach a chad. Tbe best results in strengthening the efforts of the church and in building up the State were those which had their - origin in the home. . ■ They wanted home training, Tiotne influence, and home examples.. He believed that there wa& scope lor the energies .of . all the churches in South Australia. He did not for one moment suppose that they had a mission to the exclusion of other denomi nations. He wanted them to learn from all, and co-operate with all, and to remem ber that they had a message of God's love' —of eternal life, .to take to the poorest and to all classes.. They must declare Jesus Cnri?t-rthe Oreat Saviour, infinite in His love and in His power tQ Bare—both from' the ynlpit and in the honsc. To do thia euccessfully they must have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Without this hnman leafcning was a poor .tiling,' and. -nithont it; all- their organisataons wonld go for noth- • ing. But -with this all the problems which) beset them would be solved satisfactorily- ' The adfbiess was listened 4? with marfeed.' attention, and at the «looe a. vote of thanks j was accorded to the lecturer. ' A social in -connection with St Peter's, Church was held-in the Town HaH, Glenelg, on Tuesday evening." A long -and ■varied programme had been mrrangea by the com mittee and the hall was filled to pverflotring. Canon Greco in bis introductory m**iJr* said that, owing to theenmeroos items imtte programme, encores conid not be given, but an exception was made in Hie case of Hiss Beatrioe Atkinson,? youthful vocalist, for hex numbet ."Pierot," which ms; song' in a> onarnung manner. Tho chiel leUores of the fiV?ninfi^B ■ wdre the** tableaux. Which had been sdmiraUy arranged by Miss Violet Burden. They irerT "The peacemaker,''. "XJarden of sleep/ 1 and •'The destinies," -those engaged 1m the representations being.the Misses MitfrmA Burden,- Bay, TTJilm^. Shiela, Deeley, mad Hosier, and Mr. P.Stuart. . Mg?srs. Badfacd, Siener, Pettit, and Gntta xsndeted genual quartets and ohomsee. Hias ■Crane pleased the aodience in bet two solos, "TbeMiUsr and the Maid" and "By the Fountain.*' Mr. Peaoy etuart, who pome Mm s> rich baritone voioe, gave "life" (Blnmenthal), «nd, with Mr. P. Layoook, a duet "Army and Navy." During the interval refreshments were eerred by the ladies, who* woe thanked t>y Oaoon Green. The social was a> great auooesa. and the- prooeedings closed with the National Anthem. ..... On Monday evening Mas Archer lectured <sa "Mission work in India" in die Osram down Baptist lecture- ball before a fair audience. Jlr. A. E. Solley presided. 