3QGKIAM „ . ,. ? ^ — ? THE AUSTRALIAN BOOK OF THE MOMENT.* VICTOR DALEY'S POEMS. Fok many months the public have longingly looked forward to this book of Mr. Victor J. Daley, and expectation has not been robbed of its reward, for the volume contains poetry of a very high order. There are in it a richness of thought, a power of language, a wild rushing cataract movement of melodv. and an originality of purpose unique amongst Australian poets. There is a continuity in Mr. Daley's book which we associate with the dramatic rather than with the lyrical gift. A story of love and gain begins with 'Passion Flower' on page 72, and is continued on through 30 odd pages with fanciful, gentle dreamings till we reach a tale of loss, in 'Symbols.' And through this story there is, as in the music of Wagner, a great booming movement of undertone, like the noise of heavy surf. On first glancing through this book we are struck . at once by' the power Mr. Daley possesses over verse. Indeed, there is not a song which would not bear quoting as an example of what a true lyric Bhould be. This power, as it is one of the most primary, must also be regarded as one of the most final tests of a true poetic vocation ; for dignity or value other powers may be preferred, but none is more characteristic of the essence of the art of poetry, or more distinguishes it from other arts than this. Metric melody never stands alone, the gift which produced it is token of other powers, the melody of a poet is equal to the measure of his ideas and imagery. The word and the thought are ac cording to the proverb as bride and bridegroom. Sei dei Braut das Wort Brautigam der Geist. What . marvellous and instant imagination are in the 'Lethe,' a very remarkable poem, 'The Raiah's Sapphires,' 'The Dream of Margaret,' and ' A Sunset Fantasy.' Unlike the boisterous muse of many other poets who seek in the sights and sounds of external nature pigments to colour their canvas, Mr. Daley does not imitate beauty, he creates it. How surprisingly delicate is the fancy and human tenderness of ' Love Laurel' (in me mory of Henry Kendall), published in the Freeman some years ago : — For if live lips might speak av/hile to dead, Or any speech could reach the sad world under This world of ours, song surely should awake Thee who did'st dv/ell in shadow for song's Alas ! thou can'st not hear the voice of thunder, Nor low dirge over thy low, low-lying head The winds of morning make. Now thou hast found the end of all thy days, j Hast thou found any heart a vigil keeping For thee among the dead — some heart that heard Thy singing when thou wert a brown, sweet bird. Gray ceons gone, in some old forest sleeping, Beneath the seas long since in Death's dim ways Has thy heart any word. Dream of dreams, thy songs and dreams are done. TJnwn -where thou sleepest in earth's secret bosom , There is no sorro w and no j oy for thee, Who canst not see what stars at eve there be, Nor evermore at morn the green dawn blossom Into the golden king-flower of the sun Across the golden sea. But haply there shall come in days to be One who shall hear his own heart beating faster, I Plucking a rose sprig from' thy heart beneath, |,1 ' And from his soul; as sword from out its sheath, I 1 Song shall leap forth where now, O silent master, ^ On thy lone grave beside the sounding sea, f I lay this laurel- wreath. i Mr. Daley's poetry is steeped in this human thought and feeling, and there is about it a haunt ing pensiveness which muBt have flowed from a deep disappointment. That is the bitter sweetness which marks the love story to which I have re ferred. The poet elects to show to the world the inmost secrets of his soul. It is a sad memory and an experience, but, as in the greatest natures, these trials have not closed for Mr. Daley the well springs of hope. The perishing of a form and method in which we have lived may naturally bring a pensive' sadness like that which always comes to us as we watch a setting of the sun ; but he who is in the true spirit of the sunset turns in stantly from the westward to the eastern sky. The things the day has given him — its knowledge and its inspirations, and its friendship and its faith — these the departing sun is powerless to carry with it. I They claim the new day in which to phow '? ? their faith and to do their work. Live deeply and you must live hopefully. In V this way we must read ' Years Ago,' 'Roving,' ii 'Brunette,' 'Poppies,' The Two Keys and 'Ponce De Leon.' Then their loveliness and sweetness grow on one like the subtle odour in the mysterious budding of the winter rose.J Into these : have been concentrated a wealth of insight, sug gestion, and deep rich inspiring thought. To illus trate what I have said about Mr. Daley's power over verse, take this from ' P.once De Leon.' Not a L word is wasted ; not another word would do in place of a word printed. We almost feel and hear the creeping of the stagnant water. Not a movement stirred the stillness, I; Not a sound the silence broke, ;!;? ? Save alone the livid water j Lapping round her sides of oak, y . _ ? „__— . ? ' ? ; ? [:*?? ??»? At Dawn and Dnslr.' Poems by Victor J, Daley. V- Sydney : Angus and. Eoborfcson, Five shillings. K ? ?' ' We admire to the full the beautiful conceptions in 'Night,' 'Sunset,' 'A Ghost,' 'A Vision of Youth,' 'Voices,' and ' The Poet Care,' and the restrained energy of diction of this last has specially struck us. 'Aphrodite,' 'To My Lady,' ' At the Opera,' and 'The Dream of Margaret,' have the warmth and colour of passion, with delicacy, far different from that love and lava (traces evident in a more suggestive Australian poet, Mr. C. Brennan, whom I reviewed here last year) so often declaimed as passion, and which, after all, is only appetite intellectualized. In 'The Dream of Margaret' there is one episode similar to that in ' St. Agnes Eve,' and the Australian poet has treated it with Keats' perfect purity. 'The Cruise of the In Memoriam' has all the polish of a cymbal, but all a cymbal's dry note and hollowness. ' The River Maiden' should have been held over for another book ; it is a beautiful poem, out its similarity to other poems in tins book is apt to make it cloy ; there is too much sweetness. And there are one or two poems in this book slight and monotonous in sentiment, but that, I suppose, is to be expected in a book as large as this is. Nor do we like to see Mr. Daley so often repeating conventional epiihets like 'love's red lips.' Mr. Daley has enough of soaring imagination and music to be at all times novel, if not startling. We said, at the beginning of the review, that Mr. Daley's mastery of metre is surprising, but the sonnets as a class do not please us. We think the tenth line of 'Christmas in Australia' totally mars this sonnet, and even makes it technically incorrect; and 'The Gods' is, to say little, peculiar both as to form and thought. We know it is hard to kill the child of our genius, but 'The Gods' should never have reappeared in book form. On the other hand, 'Death' and 'Life' are two noble sonnets of clear, good senti ment, containing the principle of life, a subtle ingenuity and an inward glow. They contain that high imagination already alluded to, the essence of poetry, or that creative part of it which ensures success to a book of poems. Some, in this age of specialism, may object that Mr. Daley's Muse is not altogether racy of Australia, but for our part we are thankful for such a sineine-bird, and do not ask that his notes be different from those of other song sters. Nature is to Mr. Daley the priestess of his soul. He is able to pourtray it, not merely seen as it is in any given section of the earth's surface, but to group together and embody in one scene all that is most harmonious in the quickly-changing and diversified beauties of wood and water, hill and val ley, 'greyrocks1' and 'channels dark,' the gleam of fern and flower and ' glossy glooms down moonlit reaches,' sombre shade and glowing sunshine, deep solitude and resplendent heavens. His is not the raving music of some other Australian poets, but he is never tepid, but full of flavour and sweetness. Our friends in the country will obtain this book, if only for ' His Mate' and the biting satire of ' His Soul.' The poet knocks at the tomb of a dead citizen \-- «,__„«*««„, a worm crawled from its hole : I looked — and knew it for his soul.' Let Mr. Daley's imagination and introspective faculty be well yoked and guided by his own culti vated taste, and we believe future volumes, together with this, will soon make his name familiar to all appreciative readers of good English poetry. It will be hio own fault if he does not take a very high rank amongst contemporary poets, not only here, but in England. These poems are so delightful that we had quickly marked for quotation ' Lethe,' 'Sun- set,' 'A Sunset Fantasy,' and others, but space does not allow. This volume I will appeal to men 'of all classes, to the cul tured few as well as to the masses who think mainly through their hearts. It most aseuredly will be in every drawing-room throughout Australia, and v/e have little doubt it will be in less pretentious places, down to the shepherd's hut standing in the grey loneliness of our Australian bush. It was hinted by a writer, before this book came out, that it would be sure to please those who enjoy Kendall, but, to my mind, there is nothing similar in the style of the two poets. Kendall acknowledged Shelley, but I cannot call to mind any English, poet whom Mr. Daley resembles, unless it be William Blake. Blake holds a secure, if not elevated, place in English poetry, and there is no reason why Mr. Daley should not attain a greater fame. It is more than a pleasure to look upon a volume so beautifully printed and daintily finished as this. Messrs. Angus and llobertson, in bringing out such a book in such a form, have deserved well of the nascent nation, for what would Union or Federation mean without a National literature ? J. E. S. HEN ERIE. 