ABEL IMAKE'S WIFE [By JOHN SAUNDERS.] CHAPTER X.-(Continued.) , He began at once-and to the chil dren's grcati .delight-to uncover, the mysterious package; Some 'of them ..squ·ezed', in between the widow and tlih" straniigr;. b6tlicis ;clifibed 6n' to the low masonry .enicireling ,the well, ;and'looked over his 'shoulders, or imn Sder his 'arm's, w.ith .mouth :and eyes W:ide open;., soime half-dozen' ,blaclk l berry -staine:Iiandls ei ven entured?to n: assist in dirajing off the covering. 'But " 'hen . they saw whai. t it was; they. star ed .'d:ini;: blank dlisappointmlent.:; It witis .simply :/a'i machine-nodel.; oc.upying the iniside of an oblong box, and iwhich. w:vas exposed to vie.w by dropping a small ',portioiin of 'one side; that was Sfasten'ed to it by' leathelir hiinge:;. an a sed as a lid. : ' : .f'.'ISe sae'iid, the man, 'this is my in ven'tion:: It is, the model of an nim ' proveme nt in,thle weavilng .rocess ..tt deals merely w'ith a certain bit of de ,:ta.ilin ithe.ordinary machine, but that bit .involves, a saving of n mlany ]hun ,'tire:.s a year in such a factory as yours -;,lmagine: then its v'alue, if you reckon .;up all:. the 'fatories :.of England-to 1.say hiothing of·:othei countries.' The :: lyes of the 'spealer sparkled, aind ihad a pieciiliar look with them. as though : they- wvre gazing through some long ' drawn vista. Then, with a sort of gooad -:liumoiired laiigh at 'his oivn abscnhoe '.o ft mind- and demonstrative, enthtis 'iastih lm-heseemed to check hiinself, afrii to spLeak more quietly ' even with ;a sigh;:: '.Yes,' said .he after. a long .:look ait the machine,' I. have been at it ana iiy years vwhlile kniocking about in *foreigna:, parts. ,It' was no 'easy thing .:':to; do'; : Seeing now the disappoint m.eatmnt' of tie,children at the exhibition 'of :the stranger'si family, he said; with mocic - gr~iity-' There's a boggart in side' lhe`'ll move soon !' They stared ;:ht:; i; ildrew' a' little offl, and again Sstaired. ??,Meintime the ,vidpw..stooped. 'a mnd lqoled :"'in. i'i Tesently .she::;o6b served ' it ?a iz e of littlewheels and' o:jdd 'crin uriii =irankum-sliaped' tings!' ' Dodesi't ' llc initeri ?i:?ou' cVry! nii.: h ie?' 'continued ,the minven Si , Quiet I.l Wly, isn't it lwnays so ?' : Puit your finger there,' and the nian i '.icdi-acd,?,;ied certain round 'ibrass but ",'-iHere .?-aidte'.wvid6ow",: piutting. it "r;atlier/tiiidly, iand half- inclined 'to -playi tle cliild lherself, and let it alone. ': "Y ' i?fi'' th*e man;'.: '-now ii;ess it SShe did so and: -the i momenit after .: could not repress an ý exclamation, as S.shle 'sawi:vwh at a :multitudinouis and. ':noisy kind' of lif -she had unexpected , 1'y. called into being., The whole ma :cliine seemed: to .become instinct with a :'woiiderful kinld of activitty; inihum ,er-ible wheels of every, possible shape. .and lyariety went .whirling round and' :i;ii'iond on a business tha t' was to. her :pe rfectl3' .inexplicbhllei abnd withi 'a r slising, speed: that. made' .her almost dlizzy;to-look at.. . , , . ar-' Deiiine'! Why, rit's alive !' she :exclaineld,, after a little' recovering ,:'lieF?self-possession. . : :Thle children .who at the first:noise :niid mioveiiment 'hd huiddled together 'inrendiness/foTr- iimmediite flight, Snoi .came..jumping; ab?lit it, shouting 'iiin :the' ','wildest excitcuneiieit-;' . .': It's'milive .! it's aliv'e, it's :alive;!': ".' 'As tot lie. : invenfor, lhe scarcely ''caied' Ito cdoiceil ' his 'delight. - He 'r?tblbed his; hinds togtlther and smiled .and 'nodded at .the children, '?l ho, for ' :lidir parts, tool, no: notico; of him, so engrossed iwere the' ivitli thestrange . i;intcs of tlie machine. :i';:f:Come in-come ii,' said the.widow, ;"'no? leidifigithe way towards the cot .'tage?followid by the man; whlo wish 'ed i.tlh' children 'good-night,' in a n manner ,that su:ficiently iintimated he :'ivas .not desir6us:'of their company o ' any longer. :Thley eyed himi twistfilly ;.tilllhe 'disppeared- thein raii home .to "'carry theinewos of theli boggart and his S,,.:.&·; · Z?!. Ai IN ( ENTOR'S DREIIAMiIS Thei tirin of thought thai, hbid been -is 'ted"ini ii (1ie inventor'?s. miid could o: o Yet -iiithn lbe still.l lHe lhad scaircely enitered thl e wido\w's cottiige, aid set liiF ?turdein olnthe table, iinid'ie-open:x ed, it obr the divo i to tali'. yet an otheir 'ldok,? .before he beganu todeiterat liher -word- ' AlVe Ivb Aye, -but you: don't, know hol uscl. thtnm'eans to me. Dost fliini these bbit s of rubbisi-i- tliese :odds a'id .'ends of old:wood and -iron n ostly piccked up hi- tihe strect,-dost thilnk they could do all this by- mere lirndeunniing ?.- NoI;, unld -' Whdli- I have "sweitted: oer itight by :niglit in some wretched -garret, after doing -y a hjaid day's ::- ivork. -before \- - anidn:of ,~egnlai.:labdoir, w?hen. I have 'sawed- and-.iincbid,-. iin fihled: till I-I ',: i c':.irldy. to dropdiowix:. with- fatigue, -ha? Ic: ofte?i felt- as though! tlhre w~i?as -sominireal;. nd hii ng, thing- in ' the -~chiamblierbeside e, uiprisoied iIi the ddea!d oodi alnd inmhtal, :bit crying out 'mtb: me let :it.:loose tha?tiit;inight 'et tow oirk- for the benefit of the -,wdrld, aiind- for .," And at iimes I hiivex al most'i fan'ied I lieard-~ii a.nc tuil' voice M'hispci to me- - Courage- - your str?e?' ti: nd youth are not wast'ed. :T her-,-a e .:me -All ut.h yon gave: to \- inI ir? g).ill·.retur you: a thoiusandfold. Faintii"t I" Fear iot I. Spare .not I -Ainsiiliall be tlidi;oicd' tliat:wvill tell -,how-ithiou- hast; spent. all ,these weary s Aind then I hi;ve risen ,withi ¢newm energy %mindl hogpefeelin'-thm at"-: me ,-u3 as -infvsig m iyi-o sou l'n ntoha \- d unginy :o andh ciciting, an and \- - --£m.wdnfoun.?dnl heirself.listiening, [,l a~neie t: tha~t .grdiew evemy: mei i ?slii.erd o tAimd."s..e ma e:s fac and c, ficr tlihgoligts u'niicbnsciouisly \- i- i - ade ack y.ciirs back,. init helr rtirdib e. ?ife ro tliemer eemed a omcotlimg in them that :remvived the pst;b'ut ily, imand afai off ;n- a ;s it -tune heari'd. for the first sti - oionetimesfi bring bhack the d fieolit' ,itl -which, some. other and -.famitia·.ne awas once heard. Old thuigts ad, feelings seemed to re \-- vsoic sad, :some happy.. The nldo -smied ,disturbed by both. S-And: lttient, alinost cold- expres ian:nat url-to lie,, softened strim~nge -ly nd;-lris :came into her wintry grleyeyes-us e stood ai t he window \- -listening -to-' the strainiger's voice \- hhis --n h a~pp auitumn \- -lT? - ' fields;~ir' -. - i.····l \---n thinin g:of th:e days that are -;n io~mor - As to him he b~ imo nians recapro "cted ,tlih widowv's statte of ; feeling. , . -. . . . $ ..? ,,, . ...., , , :. , ., . ' ,., , . Il. evidently thought of nothing just now but his malchine and the oppor tunity of disburdening himself to one who was a good listener. After a pause the widow said to hlim, ': 3But had you no one to talk over your sclhemes with-no friend, brother, or wife ?' 'No !' anse:Cred tihe Inventor, hlur riedly; 'no one but the .garret mice that used to come out at night and vateh.me at my work with their little 'glittering eyes, and steal my bit of c?tndle, bqfore my<. face; thinkling, I sippose, like tlid world at large, " Oh, poor fellow '-li-e's so very poor, he won't mind it I" ,And so, for want of better .companioxis; Iised to wink a little at'their conduct in that irespect; and talk.l to thnem as though I didn't believd tlhem '' cipable o?f doing any tlhing'of the: kind; and I even fancy I vwent ?so fr somnetimes-for I hald coslical inoodots now and .tlihen--as to explain myplain to them, with a grave imposing face, hiaving, mind you a shrewd Cye! :dall the. while : t a larger nalience. elsewhere that I knew I should one day wvant to b'isten ?b inme. lBu;t, of course, I didn't tell the mice thit; ,and if they suspected it, they said nothinig, but always seemed to listen: with great natuial. : politeness to iny .explanntions I desired tdo give. And it was laughable enoilgh to pier ceive, after awhile, that.ttwo or three of them. made it a rule to appear, at a. crackl i ,.the wall (a stray .tail not unfrequlielttl) haninig out as a token of the beginining of the .meeting) wh enev~er .they heaid tihe sound of hany tools,- as-if- to inquire, in .a frieidly way, how I was getting on. " " 'What slill and patienee, it - must lmsve-?ieitired,'- said the ividow, 'to imakele so many little things .moe nall at once, with so' many different kiinds of ~niotion, arid all in so orderly at manner. -' - -' Oh, it'i .quite n n education to :be come evdr: so .sinall an inventor. I Ihad.'to. teach mj;self before I could teach theinm. It was' a loig while be fore I cofld mrike them fit for a place in tie nmachine. Eacel:h had to kaIjow its separate duty, and convince me how .well it would do. :I used to ranige them in a iow b'efore ie lilke:children at scliool aind exami~ie, and compare :theid.. nd rub them agh~iist oiie.an othler to mialel them. thke :kindly to ,the 'fellowship.n 'nd to see if I could dis cover. i?ny. liad faults. When I had got them all well grounded, as an old master of miiie used. to say, then. cam ne the l: pqlishl "' Rdmeiiber," I aodioild iiin 'fancy 'say to thein-m',re member, 'I want no disorderly molb of v.aghbonds- 'neithier do I awant a set of idle ladies arnd gentlemen, but'de cent, sensible ' operativesi, - ho kInow how. to fcombine together for tlhe, conm monfi:d;d,- arid gob to w-sork without nionsenso."',? But I tircypu-I 'am sure Ido Ailit1rall this tatlk. ' Oh dear, no !'I am very mueh iin terested.' - - ': W.!ell, and I don't. oftenx get, such is chat,;y so?when the flood-gates are opened,;,yol.iklo -' - 'Prhy':go on:' : ' .When I. did at last libring them all togetier,-? -ofecourse, as susual, they wouldn't go ~lhit ; tlheyivere uncom mnonly perfect 'in theory, - but .'they stucki fast at the practice. That wvas all. Lord, liow lithey let oiit .tieir true cliaradter at last whlien .asked to 'do a bit of work andhe b "of soinle ise in the world.! .:Lord, how they . quarrelled and upset one 'another in- all direc tionis! I mwiped the sweat from;my brow, and Ieeit as quiet nas I could.; Then. I marked1-a few of the Worst, andiihdad a sort- of. aidt' da fe in my chamber. I awas :dhlighted' to .'find I lihad diseovered'ithe true ,eriiiinals the blIk: sheep that -had infected 'ill the. resot with a sort of .top-liea-i'y diz zifiess and a lcind of falling staggers; amusing. enough, .I dare say, to a by .stander, :but dreary wbrkh for the poor inventor. :Hoiewever,' I :got them all -togethero:bice more, anid foiinild they fitted' perfectly. -And now omw ould they go;? WTell, they settled that by refusing to :go at all . A sulkier set of little wretches I neser sanw; they wouldn't--no, they:- ?ivoild'.not go I And the more .I tried to urge tlheim, thel liarder they stuclck fast,. loolcing for all the iorld ais .thioughl . tlihey thpught that that asas juist'- whatI had a'nide thlim for O;:0h, but I;grew. angry awhile I liretended' I wasn't :haild tried to coax them along !.No. it -uns no use;' they wolld not go :tlhey said -as plhinly as they could speak 'HIanig .mnied but 30o0 shlla ': said I, and I gave an extra squeqie. h:.sew !- craslh !? split e--crash ! Tlhey all let fly at mne in one tienenedousi volley..: The machline hid gone linback, to its - elS meats, tihe. pieces:: ere at' :niy feet. My workc asvhs undone foir many a long driy.' 'Dear me! B ilit take \soB ']ong to 'reniddy1-? in'quired the sympathis ing. widow., ' Why, you see I bIad very littld time of.my 'ovn, a?id- was bbli'ged :to work extra hloui:s in order to earn the odd shillitigs and ssixpences '.that my machlind was 'alwb ys' dlamoilring for.;. That wnas' the worst of :it,, it would liveiip'on shillings a'ail six pene's;i :"'nu'ncohmnonly .oincosenient food for a pooi man ' 'I: can.very well imagine that,' said thie' Svidiw., ':'iiliig. . "And dlid you 'never seriouslj, lose heart under your aiscobfitageme'ts ?' . ' ' Oh, offeri,? for; i matter of five oif ten minutes;' seldom much more. The idea :vwas vividly in my mind from the fi:st,' and every shortcoming seemed only, by the very contrast. to deepen and bring:out.the sense of its reality. Yes; I kniew' the 'truth was there, ind" if I could nbt i'enlise it, all the wvorse 'fom..r e; it Was still truth. But I:.iust own .:I lhad one terrible over throiv.; .Let me tell it you, anrid I promiise ..you that I'li then shut up the machine andmy mouth together.' ?But lie laughed as lie said this, for hle sa? b?y the widow's look tlihat lhe might gob on till Doomsday~, if he pleased, vwithlout tiring liher. 'Again itnd ag'in did I bring the model to tlih same point, fitting perfectly, so far as I could see, in every part, yet still vwitth'the same result-it si'oull nlot act. -Theory and iractice remain ed equanlly positive of their own.indi -idual opinions, andi equally at issue in .their relation to each othler. I cannot tell you how wearyingly I re traced the ground, over anmid over. Blut on one particular occision there wasy a something in the preliminaries tlhat ,whislpored to mn success vwaui danivimig at Inst. l'magiue my feelings to find aiuother clearm, absolute, ml miserable failure !' The Inientor atnlsedl,,alld wiped thle dew from his face, as thollugh thle very reimllieilllr'alne brought blark the physical. emotion lie hadil then felt..Presently lie sycut on :--'- I sat iand looked at time mnodlel, lhour aiftler hoar, withoult one effort to think, touclhing nothting. luestioning nothinig, only gazing in at kind of lilnk dlespalir No nieals; no work; I couldn't go to work. I felt it was dll over with me. -So ililny yea'rs' lhbour--so many years' dreamlns and hlopes--gone ill alI in I ant, leanvig only belind a something to clinhg to ile like a poisoned gar nienit all I lhrough my life. Yes; there I sat in mly grim silence, con fessedly bca:tell down to the last ex tremity. I lihadnl't a hope left. Couildh't see one bit of light in ill preal ion. There the tling stood be fore nle, dlumb. moveless, meaning less. Once 1 felt a great wish to dash my fist into it,- and cry-" Curse thee, why doesn't speak aind tell me what's the matter 7" MIorning, noon, even ing passed, and I sat or paced to iand fro, like a mere ghost of myself, heedlecss of the growing darkness; all strengthl and manliness crushied out of me by the weight of min t dc spair. But something whispered "Dost think such works as thou longest to do are ever naccomplished by poor fellows like thee without such failures ? 'For shame ! Up, man ! At it again I" I suppose,' continued the l'Inventor, with his 'ifaLvourite self satirising smile again gleaming over his 'face; 'I suppose nobody did say anything tonie. The mice, you know, couldn't talk. But I declare to you f was as if a new door had been opened into my soul, and a new spirit had there entered in. I sprang uip, pulled the whole machine to pieces, leasing no two together untouched, mad began ,to. build again, as if I ere tlthen doing -it for the first time. Big thoughts, you see, are like big waggons ; if once they get into the ruts, they can't get out again with out a strong effort. inut 1 got out; and all at once saw with a new sense of sight.' I burst into a great laugh of? scorn ·'of my :oivn blindness. Brighter and brighter grew the way. Mfy heart danced along. fast and mer rier than niy fingers, till I gave it a suddeen pull up, and reminded it how it had played the ' fool before. And then I svorked on in'.deep, intcense, alniost ineirthlyl quiet, until all was once more ready for tlie grand trial. It was i.then. Silday. mnorning. I trembled sas I touched the spring, but it m aoved. . rhe machiie ,moved.! I pressed the sprin?pg down, hnd off went the whole, bounding d-wvay like a dog from.the Ilsh.. Ayec, and juist at.the instant that I saw and lheard for the first :time 'what you have now seen and heard, iaind while the. tedrs were rolling dowii my cheeks, and mylitibs were qualking W-ith an excitement ?lhat : could .not coitrol, tlhere broke ouiit. from a. neighlbouring- chapel, O such a glorious strain of psalmody and thanksgiving, thalmt I cried aloud in transpoi-tr-I couldnot helb it-" It is done! It is'done ! lie blesses my 'Youi:felt :repaid then for all ?' ob served the widosw, viping hawsay a tear frm her ciheek. -. '1. did! I 'did !: And you, wouldn't tlhinc it'; but onee set going, how that machine did talk." ' Indeed! 'nd what did it say ?' .' 'Well, Iconfess-at first it was very :ersolnalJ; kepit: on -:?ihinting what a "leverifellow I ivas,,how.rich I should be, and how, my naame should be. s'pread lthrough. the vorld; and; above a!l, it kept .slyly ,whispering-I inows vwhat you are thliinking about. A1 ready yoiu are plahning how to cut me oit by some much more imposing affair; artsayigi4-loftily to thyself as you look.doiwn pon me,- What's this to the.. things I can do, with oppor tunityj and appreciation!" .I svon't deny it, such thbuglits. awere lulling me into a delicious diy-dream. O, 'twas amazing the eggs that were be ing, hatchd. and sold, and the castles that wvere being:: bought with "the money. Well, well,' continued the In ventor, after a pause, and as he began to cover up Ihisi model, everybody, you knqsv, 'has' lis follies, so even a poor Inventor must be excused his dreams. ' :. ' But aire they, theil , -only dreams aiter'all ?' asked the widow, . some what earnestly 'That's thlie very .Rquestion I come hIere to solve,' ecnlied the nian ' You knosv now .my business,.and all about me.- There's a mniiianuifacture.r- ' 'Mr. Woleombe 2' -f Yea thelysiay that he - buys inven tions,, and hat.iat:is:peduliarly in his way.' : ' Would youi like to spelcak to him now ?'2 .continued the widow. 'lThis is always th'e best time.to catch him, if you warunt i ouniet talkj:u::sji t after mill ioi?rs.: I .dn't .ithinlk :he Ihas yet gone home.'- 7:/ .,.,, ' !l'hen I'll go at' once. : S'And I'll get you a-cup of ten and something to eat by the time you re turn. See,' said the -vidow, as she led the way:into:-the open air, and, stop piiig, pointed to'the .:pretty uipper win dow of her cottage, 'there's your bed .room, vwith a nice outlook over the valley, aind,:to the olpposite :lll. 'Tis imy daughter's rpom. when she gets home for a :niiglht or two. She's gover niess:to :Tif'.&Wdlcombe;'s family.' - 'Governess l' echoed the Inventor, as thouglh suirprised .at. the discre pancy betwixt thle positions of daugh tr and modtliher. The widow noticed the tone, but ani swevred .quietly, and without the least appearance of pain or offence, .'Yps, I understand . your surprise-my po rerty.' " ' - To be Continued. 