TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. a sydkey man falls on a iiot 8team-fifr in a uatii. his flesh adhered to the firr like a steak to a frying pan. an awful sight. While iu a bath in Piit-struet, a Mr. Jarvis bad the uiisfurtuuo to slip and fall on tho hot water pipes, and before he could bo rescued ho was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. Tbo shook of tho burning and tho fall proved to bo very disastrous to Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of year& aiior no wu« u connnnuu invalid, suliering terribly from locomotor ataxia aud other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reports boguu tn be circulated iu the neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and ( hat he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was un account of these rumours that a special reporter of tho Sydney " Worker" was despatched to get ull information regarding same,, aud one afternoon ha made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thomas Jarvis was discovered nursing a two-year- old babv. and Ills faco declared him nne nf the hnppiet men in Syduoy. Ho was up uud about, aud able to answer tho knock at thu door. Although palo and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period ot pain, it was very clear that ho was un invalid no moro. In reply to the preliminary quobtion he said : — , You waut to know all about my case? Well, I am glail of an opportunity to toll you. The fact may be of value to those who aro striukeu as I was." " How long wero you suffering ?" Well tw.-lvo uimths ago I g»t bo had that I had to leave off work, ami I have done nothini siuco then. About live years ago next Christmas I met with an accident ; I was badly (.cal led while taking a hath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I havo been iu fading health, aud after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was f oroud to givo up my billet at thu Glebe Island." " What were tho symptom ?" "Simply indescribable. Tho pains wero some- tiling terrible They wore ju>t an much as I could bear. They were lor all the world like as if a saw were cutting mv bones in two in everv nurt of mo. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nui-auce to myself and every one olo. I was inceart mtly shivering and Rhnkiug, and could neither a it nor sleep. Oil thu 23rd of March lat I flaw a wcll-knowu doctor, aud ho told tne that iny cane was utterly hopeless. How- ho gave me an order tu tho Directur of Charitable Institution." Did you make ueo of the order?" "No. I came homo and went to bod, and havo been pretty well in hud over tunce. Five week ago I could uot walk across tho floor; iu fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, aud only a quontiou of days when I would givo up the ghost. My doctor was attending mo, aud did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony I vv is in. I wa under him for live Or six we-k. He came to the conclusion that I was snffu<ing from l-xomot-.r uiiiaio, vi caai>v IUVI'IIIIHUI .IIUAM, » iiinuaau ui tho spinal o<>rd, clinrac'crhcd by peculiar disturb ances of gait, and difficulty in coordinating voluntary movements. He Luld mo that I might last for ten years, aud that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kickol his legs about with cmxgy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) WoM, just as a drown ing man will grasp at a strawl gra«pcd nt an idea conveyed by tho advertisement de-crihiug the cure affec'fd in tho ctvau of another boiler-maker in England, which I read iu the "Australian Work man," by Dr. William' Pink Pills for Palo People. I reid in advertisement of a case which Recineu to fit m) own. I determined 'o give tho pills u (rial, j and scut for a box. The eff-ct was as marvellous i as it was magical. I was able to eat and sh op ah thmiL'h nothiiiL' was tho matter with mo. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. ' It was incrcdibl). I tinmodi dely left the bed aud > vva able to movu about. YnU see those crutches ! there? They are perfec ly new, aud I liuvo never ! used them. They were made for mo before I got ; Dr. Williams' Pink Pill, hut I was too weak to use them, and nuvv I dwii't uaut them." j "lie is 100 per cent, bet tor," said Mrs. Jarvis j who had come in ami t <ken the hahy on her kuees. " The Dr. Williams' P«uk Pills for Pile People : have saved his life, and mole another mail of him." A Mend who called in at this p-int add that Jarvis IhoImI ten years younger that day thin he did a fori night previous, "I can now," c-mtinue-l Jarvis, "have a old bath, and alt the feeling has come l ack into my leg. I n-crihc all the chmgu ami hen lit to Dr. Williams' Pmk Pills. Tln-y have saved my life. I I am in no pun now whatever, and feel like a new i man. Ou Llm mautlcpicco there is a box of opium 1 and morphia pi" Is which thu doctor give mo to d :aden thu nxciuci itiog pain. But they can stay where (hey are, for I u » longer need them. Every body who knows ine has been amaz -d at tho change in inn. They can hardly believe their oyuH. My Peng about again has caused quite a sensation out here. Such is this remark dilo history, and it confirms what is h aid iu all tiio chief newspapers of this country of the n.-»t.oni«hing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale IVoplo. They cure locomotor ataxy, par'iil piralysls, nnd spinal diseuHC, and also the many disorder whioh arise from an import risked Htat) of the hloul , such ns unsemit, pale uud sallow complexion, goncral muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appotito, shortness of hicutli, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. N. 'I\ M'Gnwcn, leader of tho Labour Pirty iu the N.S W. Legialntivo Assembly, wan so ii by our rep irter in connection with the remark able case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowon says he ban known Jarvis from infancy. Ho also j knew that lie bud to give up his work at the Glehn abattoirs twelve uumiliH ago owing to a malady whioh he developed. lie afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that then was little chance of his recovery, lie understood Jarvis waa refused udminsion to tho Syduny Hospital, a his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew tho facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. ; These woudeiful pills arc obtainable from loaling . win: lilin bn, i/» iiwiii i/i, iiiuuiui> tUeUICIIlU ' Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post | paid) on receipt of stamp or post order, ono box I for 2s. 9 1., or half-duz-m for 15-. 3d. See that the gcuuiuc Dr. Williams' are gotten. 