TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While ia a bath ia Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before be could be rescued he was scalded and burnt ¡ in a terrible way. The shock of tho burn- ' ing and the fall proved to be very disas- trous for Mr. Jarvis, and for a number of yeara after he was a confirmed invalid, j suffering' terrible from locomotor ataxia and. other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, however, reporte began to be circuited in Jbe neighbourhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that . he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was . on account of these rumours'that a special reporter from the Sydney Worker was de- spatched to get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thomas Jarvis was discovered nursing a - two-year-old baby, and his face declared him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said : " You want to know all about my case P Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as J was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I get so bad that I had to leave, off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an acci- dent ; I was badly scalded while taking a, bath in Pitt-street, Sydney! - Since tha accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual develop- ment of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the GlebB Island." " What were the symptoms ?" - "Simply indescribable. The pains wera something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, andaras a nuisance to myself and everyona else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March-last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, be gave nie an order to the Director of Charitable In- stitutions." " Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bsd ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over. with me and only a question of days when I wonld give up the ghost. My doctor was attend- ing me. and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him .for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive loco- motor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord,' characterised by peculiar disturbances of " gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating volun- tary movements. He told me that I might ' last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that-medical opinion is not in- fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at au idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams* Pink. Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though noting was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many, a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You see those cratches there ? They are perfectly new and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." * "He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Dr. Williams* Pink Pills for Pale People have saved his life and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previous.. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs, f ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I amjn no pain, now, whatever, and feel like" a new man. On the'inantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My bein gr about aeain has caused quite a sen satiöa out here." Such is this remarkable history, aud it confirms what is said in all the chief news- papers of this country ol' the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as" anomia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tho back, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labour Party in the N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, was seen by our reporter in con- nection with the remarkable case of . / Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has> î' known Jarvis from his infancy. He also, , knew that he had to give up his work at V. Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago^g owing to a malady which he developed.' . He afterwards beard that Jarvis was bed- ^> ridden, and that there was little chance of \\.) -, his recovery. He understood Jarvis was..^.'rf.,' refused admission to Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. These wonderful pills are obtainable from leading chemists, or from the Dr. WLV Hams' Medicine Co., Perth, W.A., who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for Ss., or half-dozen tor 16s. 9d. See that the genuine Dr. Williams' are gotten, 