"WILD EELIN:" HER ESCALADES, ADVENTURES, AND BITTER SORROWS. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "A Daughter of Hetli," " A Princess of Thule," " M'Leod of Dare,'' "The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton," Briseis," " Highland Cousins," We, &c.; (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XXII (Continued). And so, in a few minutes' time, since I two, Eelin and Gilchrist, were being ushered into a sombre passage leading from the lane into the interior of the Building at the end of the passage they found a corkscrew little state, by which they gained the corridor above and then the old woman with the keys proceeded to conduct them through the mysterious and silent offices, herself as silent as her surroundings. It was an eerie kind of perambu- lation. The long composing-room, in especial, had an aspect of absolute loneliness and desolation ; not even a friendly ghost was there, standing at one of the cases, setting up imaginary type. As for the dark masses of metal in the engine-room, a still deeper gloom enveloped these and there was a kind of threatening air about their cold and slumbering strength ; they seemed to resent the" intrusion upon their profound solitude and stillness. Sometimes Wild Eelin, who was an impressionable sort of young woman, drew back a little ; she did not care to penetrate farther into those gulfs of shadow. And (when the explorers got them away to the front part of the building, which was of a more cheerful outlook and here they took possession of Mr. Grieve's room, with its bound files of the London papers, its rows of books of reference, its atlases, manuels, dictionaries and direc- tories, and, conspicuous on the writing table in the middle of the floor, Its tin canister of tobacco. Eceliu, who loved the light rather than the darkness, quickly recovered her spirits say. when she had examined everything with the greatest interest and curiosity, she grew merry and mischievous ; she would have Mr. Grieve know of this unpardon- able visitation ; she would leave a message for him, as from the land of spirits, and pin it on to his desk. "What then," said "she, turning to her companion, wind fixing those glorious blue eyes or Hers on, his with a quite un- thinking fearlessness of challenge, " what do you think ? Rhyme ? A little posy, with a knot of ribbon tied round the foot ! It must be awfully clever, you know, to atone for our abom unable impudence in coming into his room. And I'm not very good at im- promptness," she continued, sadly. " My little jests are of the escaper-" '. I don't think you would And other people say so, Miss Eelin," lie observed, smiling ; indeed, he had himself recollections of the shafts of summer lightning that she could send (herself giggling all the while) round an after noon tea-table, when she had been provoked. " But begin, Mr. Gilchrist, begin !" she' sale!, impatiently-and she sat down, and got hold of a writing-pad. " Tell me what to say-' Ode to a Sub-editor found absent '-how shall we begin ? 'Ö wilding bird that for a time hast flown, from out-from out the downy shelter of thy nest, By what far streamlets Interest thou alone, By what-by what-by what dim valleys in the golden west ?' Go on, Mr. Gilchrist-now you go on III " Not I !" he said, " when you are doing so magnificently !" But in truth be was hardly thinking of the sham poetry ; rather he was thinking of the extraordinary charm and fascination that the mere presence of this splendid creature seemed to confer on these poor offices. Would the atmosphere ever lose tills radiance that now permeated it Would he ever coming into this room, see anything but a vision occupy- ing the sub-editor's chair-the vision of a young; girl, gay, self-confident, serene, her beautiful profile bent down over the paper, the homespun jacket, showing the perfect Hues of her figure, the dark blue Tam o' Shanter perched on the bountiful and hunched-up masses of her raven black hair ? And the pen that she held in her angers the moment she was gone he would come swiftly back and annex that.' If it chanced to be some favourite of Grieve's, so much the worse for Grieve ; he could not relinquish so personal a souvenir of this memorable and enchanting escapade. And meanwhile Wild Eelin was beat lag her brains. She even bit at the end of her pen-making it a thousand times more valuable in the eyes of the future possessor. "Why don't you help me, Mr. Gilchrist ?'' she said, peevishly. And then he dashed boldly in. " ' How knowest thou, fluttering by you western shore,' " he began. " Yes ?" she said, by way of encouragement, i " ' Two raging cuckoos have usurped fly den'-" " Oh, that's ridiculous !" she protested. But he went on doggedly : "'Thy special writing pad they have scribbled o'er : And now methinks they'll stealthy pen.' " He had hardly uttered the words when an alarming crash occurred just behind him, and a large stone hurled through one of the windows, came rolling to his feet. He a wheeled round ; the old woman with the keys shrieked and shrieked. as another and another ' missile came smashing through : and Eelin sat upright in her chair, her wide-apart, animal-like eyes all alert and observant but not with fear. No, there was no trace of fear in the June eyes ; but the proud and imperious set of the mouth had become a trifle tired. " Come back from the windows, Mr. Gilchrist," said she. " I know what it Is. The rabble of lads- whom you slashed at in this morning's " Observer" have come to have their revenge and (boy think there's no one in the building ; so that they can break a few windows with impunity." " Oh, do they think that ?" said he, with a hurried glance outside. " Do they think that ?" His heart was ablaze with wrath. That the beautiful little romance of this afternoon's adventure and even while Miss Eelin was pretend- ing to write poety In the sub-editor's chair should be summarily brought to an end by the same young blackguards who had disgraced themselves in the theatre the evening before ! "Stay where you are," said he, peremptorily, " I shall not be long." He dashed into the composing-room, and looked eagerly around, but nothing in the shape of a weapon could be find anywhere, until his eye lit on an old, broken, cane-bottomed chair that lay in a corner, and that he took up and wrenched limb from limb, until there remained in his hands a most unholy four- edged implement. . Then he went out. It was rather in a sneaking way that he passed down the lane. He professed to be paying no attention to this assemblage of unruly louts, who were doubtless greatly enjoying the amuse- ment of breaking the window-panes of an empty building. But when he had got well to the rear of them, he charged -charged like a whirlwind upon them; knocking this one down, hurling fast one over, and then, whenever three or four were found together, the impetuous, promiscuous, . irresistible belabouring began, with this godless instrument, that seemed to have been invented for the crushing of bones. The fury of Ajax increased. His eyes were red-hot. The leg of the cane-bottomed chair appeared to be flying to all points of the compass, but invariably the end of the trajectory I was the head or shoulders of the vagabond who chanced to be tallest or nearest Those grubby masses of humanity parted - halted - retreated scattered themselves looking back in amazement none the less. For this onslaught had been so sudden that a general consternation had been produced before they had time to realise that they were being attacked by only one man. It is true some eight or ten of the city's did form up at the foot of the lane and it would have gone dismally hard with Archie Gilchrist if there had been stories about but there were not for the road- way here is of hard, work macadam and the hobbledehoys had exhausted the ammunition they had brought with them ; so that when he went straight for the middle of this group they simply fell away from before him, to get out of the reach of that awful truncheon. And then of a sudden there was a warn- ing whistle ; some one had espied a policeman hurrying across the suspension Bridge and In about three seconds the rioters had vanished into thin air. When the policeman arrived there was no tumut to quell ; but the windows of the " Observer " office presented a sorry sight. Then he went back to the door in the lane and who was this but Wild Eelin herself awaiting him laughing and giggling and immensely delighted. As for him, he was a trifle breathless, and perhaps also a little ashamed of the violence of his rage. " Well, that was a fine milled, as they say in the Lowlands," she called to him as he approached. " Why, what do you know of it ?" he demanded. " Didn't I tell you to keep back from the windows ?" " Likely when I had a little Arma- geddon all spread out for my own benefit ! Most interesting ! I suppose a real battle is something like that with a little more colour and smoke thrown in. But I must hurry on now, Mr. Gilchrist. , I've torn up the lines to Mr. Grieve ; I thought he mightn't understand. Good-bye and thank you ever so much for showing me over the building." ' And so they parted and at once he went up to Town Grieve's room to secure the nibbled penholder. He did not immediately return, though the old woman of the keys was waiting patiently below. For this commonplace apartment had undergone a sort of transfiguration since a young lady had been seated at that actual desk there, her blue-bon- neted head bent over the paper ; her tones, merry, or petulant, or lemon- strant, sounding strange-and yet so sweet and so entrancing-in the all-per- vading silence. ,, (To be continued.) The newest bicycle is made entirely of glass, even the ball bearings being of this material, which is exceedingly hard. It is claimed that the machine can be used just as if it were made of steel. The Emperor and Empress of Russia will receive their- friends at the 1900 Exhibition in Paris in a pavilion of their own. The plan has been submitted to them, and the estimated cost of the building is £90,000. 