NEWS AND NOTES. Races. Holidays. Splendid rains. Onkaparinga Races. A good outlook for the season. O B.I. camp at Mannum this week. Eighty thousand men on strike in Wales. Samuel Beddome, ex-Police Magistrate, dead. Russia sending twenty thousand troops to hina. Clouds thickening again over America and Spain. The rains appear to have been very general. Federation referendum probably taken on June 4. Enthusiastic farewell to Rev. J. Day Thompson. Home for Weakminded Children opened on Tuesday. Rev. J. Day Thompson left by the Austral on Thursday. All the kiddies home from school for the Easter holidays. Two hundred lives lost by floods in the State of Illinois. Archibald on the warpath against the Commonwealth Bill. Produce Export Department sending away more fruit to London. Another fatal accident at the South Yarra sewer works, Melbourne. Shocking drowning accident at Kent Town. Three children drowned. Onkaparinga Racing Club will hold their annual meeting on Monday. President McKinley has at last declared in favor of Cuban independence. McGregor and Hutchison have been visiting the Menzie's Barossa Mine. Latest cables say that Grand Old Glad stone's strength is failing day by day. Pastoral Commission taking a trip through the Gawler Ranges on to the West Coast." Colquhoun, the stockade escapee, has to do an extra three years, two of them in irons. Welsh colliers are asking an advance of 20 per cent., and a guaranteed minimum wage. The portrait of the most prominent man of the century appears on our front pace to-day. ° Arthur Orton, the Tichborne claimant, is dead. He must have been a phenomenally clever liar. ?7/e Weekly Herald Offices will be closed on Friday, Saturday, and Monday, April 8, 9, and 11. Charlie is not going to back down on the question of the manufacture of those two locomotives. Good programme provided by Secretary Von Doussa for Easter Monday races at Onkaparinga. June 4, the day on which the federal referendum is to be taken, has been declared a public holiday. A mass meeting of all sections of reformers is suggested, for the purpose of opposing the Commonwealth Bill. One - third of Symon's audience were " enthusiastic," the other two-thirds didn't enthuse worth a cent. His Excellency finds South Australia a bit slow, and has obtained six months' leave of absence to visit England. fjiiiz represents Charlie and Symon as Sairy Gamp and Betsy Prig, hobnobbinf over the federation question. 0 Symon said federation was worth dying for. Of course he meant that the other fellow should give up the ghost. Beetaloo reservoir has not benefited much by the rain, but farmers' tanks are full, and they are " tankful" accordingly. The Sydney Labor Party have passed a resolution in favor of federation, but against the present Commonwealth Bill. Xew Zealand, whose politics are so dangerously socialistic," has a surplus of £400,000 on the year's transactions. A wealthy Chinese censor has petitioned the Emperor to have Li Huog' high hung for having sold his country to Russia. Is there anyone simple enough to believe that we can have intercolonial free- trade while the war of railway tariffs continues't Unemployed meeting in Sydney. Mr. Reid loo busy to receive a deputation from the nen, who have to wait until he has more time. Kalgoorlie alluvial diggers, who had been imprisoned by the warden for breach of the fatman mioiug regulations, have been re leased. Easter military encampment at Everard's Paddock, Black Forest, the scene of buth ranging exploits in the early days of Alex Tolrner. It is now stated that Russia has bought the recent concessions granted to her in China by heavily bribing leading Govern ment officials. Mr. A. L. Calder announces that he will provide a hot breakfast at the Onkaparinga races on Easter Monday, from 7 to 1 ] o'clock. City people will please note. Dr. Cockburu appointed Agent-General. Mr. R. Butler, M.P., (iovenuneut Whip, takes his place as Minister of Education, and genial Tommy Brooker is the new Whip. Last year 7,486 taxpayers in South Aus tralia, whose incomes from personal exertion did not exceed £300, contributed £7,924 2s. 9d. to the revenue through the income tax.' It is a singular fact that while politicians and capitalists are booming the federation scheme, the people are asking what benefit it is to be to them, and they are getting no reply. Harry Weenan, cap and clothing manu facturer, Melbourne, has been committed for trial on a charge of having perpetrated a series of frauds on the Customs depart ment. The Irish National Federation has adopted the suggestion of Mrs. Mary Lee to endeavor to arrange for a joint message of sympathy from all the colonies to Grand Old Man Gladstone. In thirty-five town districts of Britain 340,434 persons received pauper relief on one day in January. This was only a select sample lot of Britain's glorious army of rags, poverty, and starvation. Symon admitted the Commonwealth Bill had defects, but declared it a great advance on the Bill of 1891. Why not draw up a constitution that will be equally in advance of the present Bill. During January, 334 British workers were killed, and 4,702 injured wliile at their work. Sailors came first as: usual, in the list of killed, miners being second, and factory hands third. Attorney-General Want,, of New South Wales, has resigned the position of Attorney General, because he intends to oppose the federation scheme, which is supported by the other members of the Government. The New Zealand Government have, during the past six years, purchased 2,260.000 acres of native land at a cost of £568,000, but for 155,800 acres held by Europeans they have had to pay £669,929. Changes in the rates of wages of 110,300 British workers were recorded in January. Of these 109,400 received advances, and 900 sustained decreases. The net result was an average advance of oid. per week in the wages of those affected. The federation referendum will be taken in New South Wales, Victoria and Tas mania, on Friday, June 3, and in South Australia on the following day. In West Australia the date will not be fixed until after parliament meets in June: MePherson Fund.-Collected by Mr. G. H. Buttery, £1 lis. ; R. Henderson, West Australia, 10s. ; collected by Federated Seamen's Union, £7 3s. Blank lists to be returned to the secretary of the Trades and Labor^Council not later than April 15. Symon said each form of taxation would have to come before the Senate in a separate Bill. If two schemes were submitted the Senate would reject the unfair and adopt the fair. It is any odds the Conservative Senate would adopt that which would press most heavily on the poorer classes. You can't free slaves without disturbing their masters, and you can't put down piracy without ruining a lot of prosperous buccaneers. To my mind the slaves and not the slave-owners, the victims of piracy and not the pirates, are entitled to first con sideration.-Netv York Journal. Sydney Marine Board enquiring into the seaworthiness of the recently wrecked ship, Atacama. One of the witnesses, a ^marine surveyor, said the vessel was terribly racked in all parts and was not worth repairing. She was not even fit for a coal hulk without considerable repairs. Mr. Symon thinks the proposed federal constitution a big advance on that of 1891. He should wait and get a still greater ad vance a few years hence. He admits that the present Bill is not above criticism, but still claims that it is like gold thrice refined. Logical Mr. Symon. The sugar refiners at the Maffra Beet Sugar Company's Works, N.S.W., have struck work. They had been working ten hours a day for 7s. 6d., and the employers now demand that they shall work twelve hours for 6s. This is a natural result of industrial competition, but still the .workers do not organise. And is not this slavery, say the people, that though there be land enough in England to maintain ten times as many people as are in it, yet some must beg of their brethren, or work in bard drudgery for low day wages for them, or starve, or steal, and so be hanged out of the way as men not fit to live on the earth.-Jerrard, Wimtcdey. Returns published by the co-operative wholesale societies show that in September, 1897, the English society had 8,647 em ployes, of whom 6,269 were engaged in pro duction and 2,378 in distribution (including 91 employed on the society's steamships). The Scottish Wholesale Society employed 4,605 persons, of whom 3,746 were .engaged in production and S59 in distribution. Twenty-eight fresh trade disputes, involv ing 6,795 workers, occurred in Britain in January. Thirty new and old disputes, in volving 56,004 workers, were settled during the same month. Of these 7 were settled in favor of the workers, 10, involving 50,804 workers, against thein, and 13 were arranged by compromise. The end of the engineers' trouble accounted for the large number of workers who had to submit to an adverse settlement. . 