WHAT at one time was a most awe-inspiring menace has now dwindled down to a very shabby bogey scarcely capable of frighten ing children. Sir Henry Parkes used to drop his piping voice to a hoarse whisper of apprehension whenever he alluded to the slumbering menace of China, and utilised the yellow agony for the purpose of driving us into supporting him on the federation question. Japan exposed the hollowness of the bogey. We had been in the habit of looking upon China with its four hundred millions as one consolidated nation, whereas it is in reality a loosely-linked congeries of provinces, without patriotic sentiment, steeped in utter indifference to national affairs, virtually dead. China has been practically a corpse for a thousand years, and the complete absence of any national sensi bility in this bloated aggregation of ignor ance is proved by the way in which the em pire is unresistingly allowing itself to be carved by the great Powers. It would almost appear .as if in fifty years from now China as an ostensibly independent empire will have disappeared from the map of Asia, being held either wholly or in suzerainty by Russia, Germany, France, England, and, perhaps, Belgium. Some months ago Lord Salisbury in a speech dealing with foreign affairs said that it was the function or the duty, we forget which was the term he em ployed, of strong, virile nations to absorb the weak and decadent. This may sound like an excuse for pure aggressiveness, but the selective process is going on incessantly in every department of life day and night, 3esr by year, without pause or pity; and the ultimate result is what we sum up in the phrase, " evolution." Nations, like indi viduals, have their time of youth, in which the vital forces are intensely active, and hope shines like the rising sun. "Then they develop into strong serene maturity. After wards, from mysterious causes, that none of our orthodox philosophers seems to have fathomed or even to have caught a glimpse of, they pass into decline, which may be slow like the wasting of the granite hills or rapid like the passing of the snow-wreaths, with final extinction that may come cuddenly amid catastrophe or by gradual lapses. China seems eaten to the core with the in firmities of senility, and is now paying the penalty, as all organisms throughout nature have to do when they meet others more fitted to survive. The world is strewn with the vestiges of dead empires, and, in the striking phrase of Henry George, "behind vague empires vaguer ghosts of empire loom." China might have continued indefinitely as an arrested and petrified civilisation had not the shock come from Japan and the spectacle of her internal weakness and rottenness been openly exhibited. Once Egypt dominated the known world-a bounding, expand. ing life that stretched along the ancient Nile, and whose arts and sciences had reached such a pitch of excellence that even to our eyes to-day ruined Memphis and Thebes and the massive temples that stand like sentinels amid the silent deserts are a wonder and a marvel. Egypt con quered Nubia and stretched powerful hands over Asia; but Egypt, mighty as she was, has been dead for nearly forty centuries. Assyria filled the firmament, and left im perishable memories of Babylon and Nineveh; but there is barely a vestige remain ing to show us where she reigned in undis puted authority. Carthage also passed after a period of triumphant ascendency. Persia has vanished, for the Persia that now is is one of the dead peoples, a mere simulacrum of the Persia that was. Greece, that gave the world its art, and Macedon have disap peared. Rome, with its Caesarian legions, its culture, and its grandeur, went down, after luxury and decadence had accomplished their disintegrating work, before the inrush of the red-blooded barbarian. An American writer dealing with the question in the- Far East says that "to the Muscovite England has come to her high noon, France is in the afternoon, Italy dwells in sunset shadows, Spain has already entered twilight, while with Russia it is still fresh morning." These lines were penned many months ago, before the crisis between America and Spain had revealed the decrepitude of Spain, but they have a general applicableness. This rise and fruition of a high civilisation followed by the insidious ravages of a dry rot and the inevitable collapse on the part of the great empires of the past has its illustration in the world to-day. Within three hundred years the Spanish empire has shrivelled from a mighty conqueror, with dependencies in every sea and the treasures of a new world pouring in by the galleon load, to an orphaned land bereft of all its colonial possessions and apparently dead in nearly all the qualities requisite for healthy existence. Britain, greater in scope and power than Assyria or Greece or Rome ever was in its palmiest day, is still strongly expansive and brimming over with irrepressible energy; but no one can say that in the long run the canker may not attack even this heart of fiery vigour. It would have sounded like the quintessence of mad absurdity had any one hinted at the decline of the Roman empire when Augustus was 'rebuilding the eternal city in marble; but' the after his torian, looking back along the extended perspective, sees that it was precisely then, when magnificence and luxury and splendour were reaching their culminating point, that the insidious dry rot which finally brought down the entire structure of empire first began its ravages in earnest. 