i IDYL 0F TKE R00F-I0P COMPLETE IN TUIS ISSUB.) u aLethea philips/ Author of .". Tbd Madonna of the Sepulchre,". " Picotin," '" VirtnoHo'a Violin," — - - Sen;, &c.; — : - . .copvmaht. ' f - 7k NLY the sparrows ( J know this Idyl V J) of tho Boof-top, V. hut i t ' was V ohirped outside \" ' ' Wy window . I, onco ill tho A / early spring- f\ I . ' ; tiinc, aud .that Ml, , was how I .oamo rw' to share thoir rrnlr knowledge. IT ; Tlio Bcciusc 1 wm" a- 1 (lisup- r ' - . ' puintod man i. who had bocoiue t ;. . a- modern ' licr- mit ; ami -Lon- \y " don, with its \- vast - .wilderness . a ' i,'- of a.brioks.. ..was Jiis desert. It might he 'seen, however, Unit he .was more qf a possimist than a misanthrope. 'His expression was : melancholy, not sour ; neither lmd his 'dress degenerated- into, that slovenly disregard for, appenrancos . ivljich muikH tho scorner of., his fellows, but was. distinguished rather by a certain punctilious propriety. In person ho was' tall and very thin, with refined features, , -sallow com plexion, bald head, elnse-a.ut beard turning gray, but which bad once been, dark, niiil eyes of an indeterminate , colour hidden by spectacles. ' ' ; ; Something laid gone wrong" in his life; and for this reason lie eiiosn to live nloof from- tlio world. Like Simon St, elites in voluntary isolation on his pillar, tho Eoeluse inhabited .room's so high up tliby opori'ed on' to tlio roof, 'where his only visitors wore tiio birds ; 'but ho boro thom a grudge, for thoi'inwus oiib passion' ho carried with him ' into ; his solitude,, mid tin's they did their.best .to frustrate. . The iteuliiso. loved tldwprs, mill tlio sparrows ato tlio seeds ho planted iu boxes all round the flat roof ho wits endeavouring to -turn into a garden. One day. lie made a disoovory. Tho little typewriter who lived just below mtido friends of his enemies by sprending crumbs oil her window-sill. This exasperated him. Tic would liavo liked to havo taken a broom and swept tliom nil off, hut the girl did not know anything about it. She loved to .seo, those' unduniuus twittcrers eat her crumbs so greedily, and wondered how any birds over came to leave the beautiful country . and take np their nhodo- among tho chimneys. Sho kept a canary in her room, and some times he could hear its shrill song float mock ingly up the staircase. The sound made him feel irritable. Tho spring advanced. By dint of groiit watchfulness and ingouious precautions ho at last; managed to raiso a little oasis in liis .desert. He believed himself happy. - Tho sun lingered long ovor tlio: roof- tops now, uud one evening, us the Bcclusb was busy watering his plants, something with gulden wings fluttered to ids feet. Thon lio heard nil cxclamatiou of despair. "My canary! Oh, my canary !" lio stood still for- u moment aud looked at thojbini. Ho could easily have dropped tho watering-can on it. Tlio tiny oreature hopped hither and- thither, coquetting with liberty ; it preened its feathers in tlio sun until they glistened, und dipped its fastidious little beak into some water ho hud spilled. There was a strange fascination in watching these pretty ways; but again cumo that girlish voice from below, this time, full of tears. " He is gone— quite gone. 'I shall uover seo liini again;" The Becluse stepped to tho parapet , and. leaned over.. Tho little typewriter's window looked iip sideways to his roof, which was on 'ii'jutting out pieeo of the building. .Ho saw a pale face with wet eye, and the grudge he had home this poor girl .went quite out of his mind. "Your bird is up bore; If' you can hand mo tho cuge, perhaps "I may catch him for von.'.' ... " Oil please— pleaso do. Tho cats will got at him, or ho will die of liuuger and cold." She knelt on the wtindow-sill and held the cago us high as she could. " Mind, pray takocure— you will fall out." \- He was agitated, almost siek, at sight of that slight figure swaying towards him with only one hiiinl to keop. its balance. "I will tie something on and throw if up' to you." " No, tho quiokest way is to bring it up to . my room— if . you don't mind. . She did not wait to consider any question of propriety in her. .cagornuss to reclaim possession of lier bird, and tho next minute tho Becluse was opening the door to his first visitor. On the threshold-; sho paused a .moment, looking into his; face w th the instinctive scrutiny of her sex, but the man's -grave smile was reassuring. Thcv went out together into liis little aerial garden, where it seemed to her tho eity lay in a mystic golden glory at their feet. Xlie sun was setting hehiudsome distant buildings, transfiguring them into a vast cathedral, while the chimneys became pinnacles, and -tho hum of tlio streets' the vibration- of" some far-off anthem. Tlio fragrance of mignonette and sweetpens was nil about Iter, uud there, like a small yellow spot, was the lost canary. ' " Swcot. sweot,' sweet," sho called, placing . the open cage upon tlio ground und scattering grain about, butthoro were tnauy minutes of susponse during whioh the girl watched her bird, tuid the Becluse fell to studying the girl. She was ho longer in her first youth", yet sho sccmed so small as to bo -almost childlike, to him looking down upon lior, and u sudden commiseration Btirred- his heart at sight of thoso weary lines round eyes arid mouth that told of perpetual striving! Her fti'co' had no pretensions to beauty— 'the cheeks had" lost their roundness, und -tlio noso- wus a> trifle too long— still it was infinitely, pathotie. . Ho could only think of a tired dove - as she stood patiently there iii her soft gray dress. Then ull nt once lior expression changed; she flushed a smile at him liko a -reflection of brighter days, , iind kneeling down, placed a scod botweon her lips. . It was evidently a favourite triok with her pet. Tlio. cuuury put his head on ' oiib side considering,- thon flopped quickly forward. He pecked daintily at tho lips. It was liko . a. caress, . and. .tho tail figure looking on blinked behind ilia ' spcotiiolos. Tlio little ' typewriter stood up again, witli'thb bird held against her bosom. Sho had captured liim . arid lior face was radiant. . . "Ah! that was liardiy fair," cried tho Becluse, picking up the cago, uud lib almost sighed. , ' 1 ' \- They fastened the eariarv iu seouroly, arid , nearly dropped the cage betwoon them, for . thpjr fingers got in enoh other's way. "It' was so good of you to holp me, and to let me . come up. hero," .murmured tho girl, "loan smell your. flowers sometimes whon I . open the window. How delicious thoy are." . . A . pink glow spread itself slowly over the . features of the Recluse. . '"Worild — would you liko a few to — to pnt in your dress?" and lie went on blunderingly towards one of the boxes. " 'Here are sweotpeas, on tiptoe for li flight i . With wings of gentle flush o'er dolioate white, And taper fingers catching at iill things, To bind them all ubbut .with tiny rings.' ' 1 Ah, you are fond of Keats, ' ' ho exolaimed, delighted with her accurate quotation of his favourite poet. . . . '.'He brings the country back to. me as these do," shoanswered, fasteniug tho flowers into her girdlo. Somehow these two solitary beings had become .quite friends. . It did caoh of them, so much good to liavo somebody to tiilk to. Little by little thoy oxohiinged" thoughts as tho twilight dbopenod, and tho roar of the oity, camo up to thom like the confused mur mur of that sea of life which lmd drifted thom together for a space. It stirred their hearts into., closer communion, uud when tho stars cuimo out love seemed to have brushed 'them with hiewings.: - ; Then the - girl suddenly remembered die had lip gored (hero too long, aud .with '-a nervous luugli she bado tlio Becluse good night. Ho persisted in carrying tho cage to her "door, find, wus quite uneasy for fear she might have takon cold. . It was years 'since he had been clilvulrohs or attontivo to any woman, and lie smiled at feeling himself so young as ho sat up dream ing' half the night, of all thoy-had said to daoli other pu tho roof, behbatli the stars. ' ' And this friondsliip.grew with the ripening breath of summer wliioh blew leaden gusts of heat ooross the tiles and slates, so that the flowers would havo withered away had it uot boen for tho. constant care tlioy rcoeived. - Tho'littlo. typewriter often wore a bunoh ut hor girdlo .now, but. though hor oyes wore bnghtor than --.they., used to- be,- it wus evi dent the long, .hot dayo wore taking away her strength. , At .-lust sho could hardly dreg to arid fro to tho oflioc, and ono afternoon hu found her ut tho foot of the long flight of stairs, loiining against tlio wall, too weary to ascend. Ho helped her up, and for the first time sinoe thoy lmd known ouch other,' ho fell into a brown study about ways and means. Ambition had not been quite stumped out of hint'... Hq,' was busy, preparing- a. book, the result of several yours' labour, and by this he hoped to make a name. Monoy was source with him, howover, :and all that ho had been able to spare ' from his- necessities ho spent on the one object of his life, i And how. a human being had come . between lim and that object. Ho went out ppou tlio roof und began tying iip the flowors. " ' ... ' "I don't thiiik I. could live through the summer here if - it wasn't for yonr garden," she had. said softly only tho evening, before, .when they sattfiere: together 'as-usiiai, to enjoy tho coolness. ; " To-night she- was toolexhaiisted- to come even up those fow remaining stairs. Oh; how lio.missed tho little womauAwitli her;gientio ways and ready sympathy; Sho. took so much interest iri liis book, and hud ovon borrowed part of tlio M.S. orily 'tu return it to 'liim, ready type-writtou. Thut ' had touched liim deeply— and she would have it .that it was a debt of gratitude she owed, though lie kaow very well it meiiiit so many hours of extra iabour to her. ' ?.= :' : Poor'littio typewriter— always so delicate, so worn witii the striving looks and tlio great, rings round lior eyes— wily could lie not take her to liis breast aud let her shelter there for evermore ? ' ' Onec in r the summer 'twilight when sho thought lio was no-longer near sho had laid her lieud on tlio window-sill and sobbed s ftly like a tired cbild, while the breeze from the rpof-top, scented witii mignonette, stirred' her Imir as witii gentle. «oolrfingers. Then' the Becluse bad been forced to stumble down thu stairs and out into tlio streets witii a blind do.-ira.to forget this disturbing element that Iind coino into his life. Now- he paced restlessly to and fro, strug gling with tho question that confronted liim. Should he abandon his solitude and giva up the object tliiit lmd grown to lio a .part of his cxistenoo fur tho sake of a woman ? . , If thoy worn married lie conld take her away from these stifling streets and tlio wurk that was killing her, but all tlio small incumo ho had would 'hitvo to go for their joint sub sistence, and- ha, must drudge at some uncon genial oeonpation to earn tiio smallest luxury. His eyo foil .on a half-finished page of munii- script . Tlio white paper stared ut him re proachfully. With li suddoli sweep, grand from its self-abnegation, ho locked it away iu a drawer, typifying as it did the knowledge ho liail gathered its liis brain, und the liupcs founded thereon. Tli'cn lib sat dbwn' and wiped the drops of perspiration frpin his forehead. Tho Hectare lmd mado.-his resolve. , Mcanwhilq a.crisis. bad como also into liis noighbour'B ' lifo ' on that weary afternoon when she folt'' existence no longor supportable. A largo oiivelopo wits awaiting lier. She opened it with fingers that trembled through ,weaknes.-, not excitement, for all she expected was a private typewriting order, siieh us slm often executed in.spara hours. Then ' her oyea became duzod; a look of astonishment took tlio place of apathy, aud was sucoecded by tliaiikriilnuss aud joy. It was a lawyer's lotier informing "tlio recipient of a small eomnetoncy left lier' by an uncle who had died in Australia; The mechanical straius of -a piano-organ that. usually got . upon tho poor girl's nerves, floated np as usual from tho.atreots, and ail at onco.slin felt as if they could set hor naueing. ' The dingy walis'seomed to expand. Already shq could hoar the-' murmur "of .'the sea as. tho waves camo tumbling in upon'tlie shore, just as she, saw-thorn every night in . dreams. Wlmt an imprisonment it had." been here shut up' umong the houses ; all alone — 'and- now poverty, the grim gaoler, had dropped his keys. ; Tho little typewriter threw back her -head and laughed. -It was the first timo sho had laughed aloud for years, and, hearing the. joy ous sound, tho canary chimed, in with his rippling song. " And at that moirienttho Hooluse made his Anal surrender for a- woman's suke. Looking up sho saw the slender stalks of i the sweetpoas trailing .over tho parapet, uud a passion' of pity swept tho girl's toul. Ho was growing did tiiid ho was poor, horribly ipoor. just as sho had been once— long ago. A week passed, during whioh they neither spoke to nor saw each other. Both wero busy maturing matters for tho future, Tho 'weather' was stormy. One evening when thunder clouds hung low over -the oity, so thut the slates reflected strong purple lights, and tlio smoke wreathed itself from tho cliiiuuoy's ashen whito, like ghosts of departed inhabitant-, the Becluse made up his mind to speak. They wero together again onco more upon tlio roof, whoro no evos savo thoso of tho sparrows took any heed of their doings, but tflo constraint between thom was as great as if tho .world beheld them. " I — I liavo something to tell you," she said at. lust, breaking siloneo abrupt y. " have givou up iny' rooms and am going uvay." ' " Ah ! " . His sallow complexion paled, but his spec tacles glimmered' steadily into tho smoke- hazc.- "Arc you sorry you will have no'. one to — i to admire your flowers . "Yes— I — I wish ybu to bo happy: .Why are you leaving ?" he asked, incoherently. "Becuuso 1 have hud money left me. But, rich or poor, I am like you — always alone," sho cried, passionately,' plucking a piece of mignonette arid crushing it between . her fingers. - Ho looked at her ono momont, then ausworcd gently : " Oh, but you will not lie. I am a hermit. Yon are young, you belong to the "world 'andmu8tgobaokto.it." . Sho threw away tho bruised leaves with a despairing gesture as ho turiicd and leaned ou the parapet. ..... "Ah, it is thrit: hook.' Yoit live for that \- book;'! slio exolaiined; und "tlio flushin.hor Ifaeo might liavo' beon a roflcction frora tlio . angry sky. " How is it gotting on ? " "Nututnll. I had givcn.it up." : "Why?" \- " Because I dreamed of being married," "You dreamed " she burst iuto. a dis- corduut laugh. .".When is it to ho?". "Never!. I shall remain a bachelor.". "Then yon will -finish tho book. Well, obacun u sun gout,' " sho answered, lightly. 