A SECOND WOOING. BY ROSA MULHOLLAND GILBERT. "Oh, you <tre I rish! I thought so. Knew you by your brogue, though it is haidly as thick as my own. The only thing that has puzzled me in the matter is your reticence. We are generally more communicative than I have found you since we left New York." The man addressed turned his head away from his lively companion with a wide glance at the sea and horizon. Then he met the questioning eyes that wailed for his answer with a somewhat wooden smile. "Two communicative persons are scarcely good company : but I confess it is my turn to say something about myself. I am coming home by this Atlantic liner afier experiences more strange than most men know. I left Ireland a good many M i 9ears ago full of hope to take up an Engagement as journalist—correspondent to an American paper, which would have enabled ine to go to London—my an bition ' My »ife and I had our little dream of the figure I was to make in literature. I don't know whether you remember the loss of the Plymouth Castle " " Don't I ? A dear friend of mine went down in it. Such a jolly fellow .' Only eighteen—a chum of mine " " I was twenty-eight then, so I suppose I am ten years older than you. I was not drowned, but, drifting on a raft, I got a blow on the head. I was found among wreckage with the life in me, and put in a hospital bed. Out of a long illness I arose strong in body and well enough in mind, loo, only I had no memory. I didn't know who I was, or where I came from. Neither did anybody else. They found an envelope in my pocket with the name on it of a man in Boston to whom I had be in going to write—merely the name with no address—and they took for granted it was my name, and so did I. For twelve years, I went by the name of Tom Clancy, and I am known by it still. I was not aware all this time that anything was wrong with me beyond a certain sense of puzzlement, becau r 1 could remember nothing that had hatyened to me beyond the waking in the hospital." " What! Friends, parentage, wile—aU blotted out ?" " Clean as the palm of your hand." " How extraordinary " I got employment as a cletk. I am by nature encrgetic. I pleased my employers, and carefully kept my infirmity out of sight. The everyday machinery of memory woiked well enough, and nobody asked me any questions about my past. Nobody saw me sitting iilune in riiy evenings iviib my hands to my head, suaining to catch a glimmer of ligtit in a region that was all darkness. The years weht, round, and, aware of the strange want in iny brain, I formed no close ties, though I was popular, in a way. My life was<-ontented, except for that terrible void which was haunted by the strangest imaginations." "And the end ?" "One day I was gbing along the street when a barrel-organ struck Op an Irish tune. I had heard it many a time during my life in New York, and it had not affected me. But at that moment the notes of it seemed to pierce something in my brain, and the memory of the past rushed out on me.' 1 " How do you account for it ?" "I fancy that the injured part of the brain had been very gradually restored to its normal condition, and only just then got into perfect working order. The notes of the familiar old music touched the machinery as it fell into form, and set everything working once more." " It seems incredible. What did the doctors say ?" " They bad known such cases before, but they are rare. I have not lost much time with doctors, however. I did not wait even to write a letter home, f could not wait for the answer. I got oil board at once, and here I am." " And your—wife ?" The man who had been named Tom Clancy made a gesture with his hand, and the other man shrank, aware that he had asked a question which could not be answered. The elder of the travelling companions regained his composure after a few minutes, and re opened the conversation. " Now that I hjve done my shaie of confidence, give me some more of yours, which is plcasanter material," he said. " I warrant you have a brighter outlook, as well as record, than mine." " Why do you think so ?" " You are a happy-looking chap—as if you saw something good before you. Let's have it." The other laughed. " Perhaps—I hope—well, then, I am hoping to be married. I have been a trip to America to arrange some affairs before proposing to the woman who, I believe, loves me " " I understand. Tell me about her. Lovers like to talk in sympathetic ears of the beloved.'' " You are smiling at me—1 can bear it. I admit I find it a pleasure to hear my own voi-.e proclaiming that she is lovely ^nd good. You will not be shocked if I tell you that she is a widow." " Not so romantic— but circumstances alter cases." "Exactly. She was left alone at the a^e of twenty-three. That is ten years " What ? Still lovely/ ' " Lovelier than any girl I know. She suffered terribly in her loss, I believe, but that was before 1 knew her. I came over from England to Youghal a yeai ago, ic look around merely, and I found her working away on a little fruit farm at a. place cal'ed Aff.ine, on the Blackwater, famous from early times for its fruit, especially cherries." " I h ive heard of the famous old Countess of Desmond, who — " * Lived to the ai;e of a hundred and ten, And died ot a fall from a cherry-tree then.' " Her Castle of Dromana, on the Blackwater, is near Aflfane. Go on, pray. It is most interesting." " I see you know jhe country." It lias place among my newlywalcened memories." " She owns five or six acres of peaches, grapes, plums, apples, pears, strawberries, besides cherries. In her walled garden people who come down the river for pleasure eat fruit, and put it in little baskets to carry away, She sends it up the river in her own boat to a small shop in Youglial, the window of which is a sight to see. I knew her first through admiring it in thai window, asking questions about it. I tooH a boat t(5',Aflane ate fruit in her garden.. She 1 matters in a white over all.. sion for fruit", to advance in superintending at and a large d a great pas- 7t was difficult ceship with her, but I have beetTvery wily. I "bought a small place in the neighborhood and busied myself with the charities, enlisting the favor of the good old parish priest, to whom Mary O'Neill is as a beloved daughter " The speaker paused. The listener was silent. He bad turned his face to the sea, and it was ashen giey. " Your interest fails," said his companion, in a tone of disappointment. "Not at all. It sounds like an idyl. 'The Gardener's Daughter'—that 1rindof thing. You said the name was O'Neill, didn't you?" It is a good old Irish name.'' " Very. There is even a Lord O'Neill, m was. And there were the immortals, Shane and Ov.en Roe. And there has been many a Mary O'Neill, though noa s lifce yours, of course. Destribe' tfer I >f n)e> , "' "She is none of your brazen beauties, either as to hair or manners. Her hair issoft dark brown, her eyes are grey, and,so dark 1 all around that until she' smiles you would be afraid that sorrow had darkened. them permanently. But her smile! defy any tongue to tell you what that is You shaH'come with me and see it." " Perhaps I shall. I am going that w a >'" • u Then, between pauses in the smoking of several pipes by the travelling companions, the elder man with the unhappy past asked the younger with the liappy future several questions about the people, and the surroundings, and the personality and circumstances of Mary O'Neilj. He did it cautiously, cunningly, betraying no curiosity, but skilfully eliciting a goo-i deal of information. As the sun set behind the ocean, he suddenly said : " I feel ill; I must go below." "You look ill,' said his companion. " I would lie down at once." " I ani not accustomed to all this smoking," said the other, and got out of his sight. It was not bodily illness that ailed him, however, as he sat on his berth and Be stared at the little round window with,the ffcf water scudding by, without seei leek Later in the night, he walked tb< alone. "A rv widow n iuuw for iwi ten ivn years. j I 7T wife. A widow, wooed by anothetfCmW She suffered terribly, but that is W-jfo past. He thinks she cares for him. WWyC should she not? Ten years of loneliness and struggling to live. He is. good, at. tractive, well-to-do in the world. He-has evidently been tender, devoted. And ! I, who was the cause of her firet affliction, come back to make her suffer terribly again ! God ! Shall I drown myself?'' " No, no ;"' he went on, recovering his calmness. I shall see her again ; I will see lier again. I will do nothing till I know further. Only I will keep my secret. 1 ' A few days later, the travelling companions were alone in a boat on the river Blackwater, going down to Affane. John O Neill's hand shook as he held the tiller. "Oh, past! Oh, yesterday that has come back too late'-" he thought. "How will she look? What will she say ? I could rid myself now of this younger man by a push. Accidents happen, and rcobody is the wiser. I could then go home to her. Why do these hideous thoughts possess me? Get, out, Devil !" " I came this way because it is all so lovely," sa d the younger man. " Look at ihe blue on yonder great mountain at foot of the river. It is not sapphire, nor the turquoise ; it is an incredible blue, blue of a flower—gentian, perhaps ; and these dark, red-stemmed pines, and all this gold-green in the dark flood. Pardon my raptures. The scene is a part of my joy, or the romance I have found here. "Look ! over there is the chimney of her little cot amoug her peaches and nectarines." They threw down oar and rope, und stepped on shore " It does not matter where I go," seid John O'Neill, "but I shall linger about here for a few days. You said I could get a humble lodging in the village of Villierstown. Are you going to see Mary O'Neill this evening ?" " I am going ; I cannot wail. I shall speak to her at once. Could you wait, after a long absence, under circumstances " It depends on—the circumstances," said O'Neill. "This is my way, I believe, to the right. Yours lies there. Good-bye. Stay ! Come to me to morrow. I shall be on the road to meet you. I shall want to hear your news " I shall come." And the two men parted, each going by a different way. John O'Neill walked into a small shop in Villierstowu and engaged a sleepingplace in an upper room, but he did not sleep. He had left his lupgage at Queenstown, and had nothing to do between the four walls of his primitive bed-chamber. In the mid-June night he found thjsm too narrow, and got out into the roaids roalds-and and. byroads, where he could see the last stars •' .v , . Jl setting in <he west, and watch lihe won-, derful awaking of the east, till! sunrise fired the river, setting the tall spire-reeds aflame like torches against the ^impenetrable darkness of the pine woods. How, far ne went, how now many miles ne he'walked, waisea, he knew not; but he got back to the, village about the breakfast hour,4and by, noon was on the road to Affane. ' Suddenly his strength left him, and he sat down on i. , bent, his head drooped, a grey^blight on, his face which made him look'withe red and old. He might have been a beggar waiting for alms and stricken by sickness. He was aware of no external! thing more till 'he sound of a foot roused'him, and he looked up and saw the man bp was wait- ing for. One glance at the face, and John O'Neill leaped to his feet and stood up tall before him." "Well?'' ..!' J have been a conceited idiots I-fcave failed." „ How ? Wants more inoney p Cares ^Mricaite else ?« —w--- "Hush! She'does-, care for someone else—the husband she lost ten years ago. J promised to tell you, but spare me» I am hurt ; I am going back to my own country. My God! Why do you look so ^strangely glad? Is my bitterness a joy to you? Where are y6u going so fast ? You look as if you had gone suddenly mad 1" . ' i John O'Neill turned, threw out his afriis, planted his hands on the other's shoulders, and looked in his face. 1 " I am'glad. Lam mad. Your bitterness is a joy to me.. Mary O'NeilNs toy wife." ' " '' The other man sbdokhitfioft and recoiled. , ; . . " She! Your wife ? And you never told me f 1 "Had I told you, you 1 would always have believed that she lt>ved you, and I — I should have always feared,'.suspected it. Man, fellow manYbe gl&Mbfr;'y&firself;, and me, and for lier. She is friy Wife—to you oply a dreanS For yfiii aefe is some 'othe?"sweet woman. God spteed you! Go<S' tyess you 1 You have brought me kingdom. Good-bye !" \- looked in each other's faces, a r<$tij&loolc;£i}l of meanings for past and iuimv, wffuiig each other's hands, and "pailed^/ ,, / . .. : Itwefs ip / the flush of the evening of|he same jtrte day that Johp O'Neill opened Mary'O'Neill's garden gate and saw her bending over a huge basket of flowers, which she wafe packing for the market. Her white dress was tied rotnid the Wist with £ black ribbon, lier hat 1>ati*iWen thrown aside, and the rich yelUHv light fell on the rim of a tender cheek anjj oil a dark, small head thickly crowned with braids of smooth air. Piesently she^stood erect, and the grave, sweet eyes anxiously examined the perfection of a sheaf of Ii|ies newly gathered. Over, far above her; vias that wondrousbiti«of$|eiRnockmfeildowA niotintain, and low'bfeyond lay Blacicwater's golden "flood. The cosy little cot sent tip its stnoke, and roses were hanging in garlands round an open doorway. He watched her till the dusk began to make all things indistinct. At last she raised her eyes, and was aware of a newly-arrived figure standing wailing at some distance. She gaied fixedly for about a minute, and her face changed. Some oppressive thoucht became reflected on it, but was shaken oft, and she found voice and movement. "Dick!' 1 she cried. "Dick! There is a person'yonder at the gate. Ask him his business." A lad flung down bis spade and went out of the bushes near her. Presently he returned to his mistress. "It is a gentleman to see you, ma'am and he has news for you from a foreign country." From the other world, perhaps,':' muttered Mary O'Neill, with white lips. "Shall I never learn to have common sense ? Dick, ask the gentleman to speak to me." Then John O'Neill took his courage w both hands, and began to advance towards her. As his feet moved, the thought rushed on him that he ought to have prepared her—written to her, or sent someone to break the news of a wonderful change to her. But it was too late. He was here. And there was she. Was he greatly altered ? She might npt recognise him. How coiild Le begin to introduce himself to fcer ? He stood before her. "Mrs. O'Neill, he began, with a blundering attempt even then at breaking this wonder to her. He took off his hat. Her lips moved twice, but did not ntter anything. " John O'Neill," she said at last, " out of the sea, out of Heaven—how have you come? Has God vouchsafed me a miracle? Let we hear your voice again- He saw by her exalted look that she j.believed ^ochcvcu him ...... to ^ be a spirit. _ atm.,i . " Mary," be satd, m » » or ? n i » tu tone, r,e " I -am not a ghost. phost. '1 1 have lisve not come out of the sea.but ohly'across it. I have riot come out 1 of Heaven, but'am hoping to enter heaven of your '°Bie was trembling • — * violently, ; a' and' her face ha£ her hanS|to touch hirn^s iHolfyrt ^ we^st^ant.al; butthe hands fell to her s.** , ^ ^ lone Ytars without^:wbrdr 'If •«* a man P. ofl3te?h,;1 i i do'^t t knbwhowyon havrft have got his look arid his voice. Oh, <5od ! His arms were round'her, his1ace H is I, J»hn CTNeiU 1 I have befefilivlng all these years, and yet U 1 0 Hfewoid f«chh ; me reached you I am here—your husband! Welcome me, daring !" She lay unconscious on his shoulder. He carried her into the house, where his old nurse greeted him with clapping of hands and -cries of " Masther John! Oh, Father in Heaven,have you come back?" But Mary lay :ae if in death, unaware of hie tears and caresses. At the nurse's entreaties he hid himself, that she might not see him on her return to consciousness. • She revived. " I dreamed that my husband was with me again," she said ; " that he was living and spoke to me. Oh, God, that it were true!" He stole to her side. " It is true, Wary," he said. " Look and see that it is true, t have come back to you, out of exile.and: darkness." Full life flowed back into her veins, Her brain steadied itself, and the amazing truth took exquisite shape for her, .whileshe lay silently holding his hand. Then she rose up in strength and with rapture, and went laughing and sobbing into her husband's arms. 