THE TRAVELLER. A TRIP TO ILLAWARRA. FROM CAMPBELLTOWN TO WOLLONGONG. OLD HISTORIC MEMORIES AND SCENIC GRANDEUR. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) Why the lllawarra or South Coast, properly speak- ing, has not been put on the Tourists' Route is one of the things which I cannot understand. Within a few hours' run of Sydney, and at a ridiculously cheap rate, the tourist, whether he be in search of mountain or woodland scenery, seascape or old historic associations, or an invigorating and beauti- ful atmosphere, will find all those advantages in a trip down the South Coast. Let him land at Campbelltown, and he will meet here old memories and landmarks at every turn. The place where Fisher's Ghost was seen will be pointed out; you will be introduced to old Brown the oldest resi- dent, and will be shown Ruse's grave with the amusing inscription; the second oldest English church in the colony, and many other interesting things which I have already written about. Besides the historic interest, he will be delighted with the old English aspect of the town, with its charming residences built on the hills, and overlooking equally charming valleys and undulating land. If the visitor should care to sojourn here he will secure every comfort and elegance, and find scope to wander over the extensive gardens and rustic bowers at Mrs. E. H. Woodhouse's residence. The lady herself being a widow of the late Commissioner Woodhouse, and of aristocratic lineage, can entertain and supply the tourist with the early and contemporary history of all the first families in the colony. If the tourist traverses the old road laid out by the late Sir Thomas Mitchell, he will follow the ridge between the Nepean and George's River. The route passes through Menangle, where it crosses the river on a bridge 500 feet in length. The mansion house of Douglas Park, some miles to the westward, should be seen, and the Nepean Towers, built by Sir Thomas Mitchell, now occupied by the Wetherills. To the left of the line is Mount Gilead, upon the apex of which is a circular building, which is found on approach to be an old windmill. At Menangle itself, which is beautiful country, but unfortunately in the hands of a few people, the mother and sisters of the famous trainer, Tom Payten, can be interviewed. They are an exceed- ingly nice family. Menangle comprises a store, a blacksmith's shop, and a Catholic and an English church. The Catholic church would do credit to any of the large towns. It is certainly up to date. Father Harnett, brother to Father Harnett of Bega, is in charge here, and is greatly esteemed by the parishioners. Picton and Appin also belong to this parish. The enterprizing Hickey Brothers keep the store here. I went the bush road to Appin across the river, and got caught in a terrific thunder- storm, so that I was wet through before I reached my destination. Appin, as I said, is an old town, as disclosed by the inscription on the tombstones in the old burying place in the Catholic churchyard. Amongst the names I noticed that of old Dempsey, who is said to have been one of the '98 patriots. The old church is very nice. I think there is good opening at Appin for the St. Joseph Sisters. From inquiries made I find they could live rent free, and would get about forty or fifty children to attend the Primary School. I had also the pleasure of meet- ing here the Carrolls, the brothers and sisters of Dr. Carroll, Mother Angela, etc. Close to Appin is an object-lesson for lazy people. In the heart of the forest here—a wilderness in fact, to judge by the surrounding jungle—a family by the name of Brown, who must have had hearts of lions, cleared off seventy acres, and established an orchard which is now one of the sights of the district. A few months ago when I passed the whole seventy acres were covered with fruit blossoms, and was a sight not to be forgotten. They have made a little for tune out it, which shows what energy can do. In the apple season they send thousands of cases away. Going up from Appin to Bulli the Loddon is crossed. The river disappears here in the under- growth and comes out again a mile or so down. And here are what arc called the Loddon Falls, the water shooting over a cataract about eighty feet below into a basin; the surrounding scenery being very romantic. But it is on going back up the Cataract River road and getting on to "Webber's Lookout" that a magnificent view breaks upon the vision, and you cannot repress an exclamation of wonder and delight. This is the beginning of the beautiful Bulli Pass. It is one of the finest views I have ever seen, the most sublime being, possibly, the Kowmung Walls the other side of the Jenolan Caves. Out here you have sublimity, picturesque- ness, tropical grandeur, and lovely seascape. You are standing on a cliff which goes almost sheer down for a thousand or more feet. It then stretches out into an expansive valley, beyond being the ocean beach and the mighty ocean itself. You can see the "white horses" running out to sea. Away about ten miles, looking along the beach to the right, you can see the Illawarra Lake, with Botany on the left immediately below you, apart from the magnificent view of land and sea scape, you behold a scene that could not be rivalled in South America's tropical jungles. The whole valley and mountain side is filled up with vegeta- tion and undergrowth, gigantic tree-ferns, and cab- bage trees, thousands of them giving the scene a South African aspect, turpentine, myrtle trees, sassafras, lilly-pilly, tamarind, and splendid More- ton Bay figtrees, some a couple of hundred feet in height and twined round with creepers; and rising out amongst these are the more sombre ironbarks and blue gums and blackbutts, one of the latter being forty feet round, and hundreds of other shrubs and masses of foliage, forming quite a canopy over hidden and unrevealed beauties below, for it is impossible in parts to penetrate it; and as you drive down the road which winds round along the cliff side you seem to catch new beauties at everv turn, the trees and foliage embroidered in places with wild clematis, which sometimes overarches the road, and the feeling as you go down and inhale the per- fume from the flowers and vegetation is exquisite. From "Webber's Lookout" Wollongong itself and Bellambi can be seen. The descent is steep, and good breaks are required. I stayed a night at Bulli, and with Mr. Bourke I took another trip up the Pass, for I was not quite satisfied with the transient view I obtained. We went down into the sylvan glades below and among the bracken and sword-grass and ferns, which quite shut out the light. I noticed the Moreton Bay figs (this appa rently being the home of this tree, for they grow to a height here I never saw before) here like the Banyan trees more especially, -which grow to a great height, and the branches have returned to the ground and have taken root and grown up again, and this is repeated over and over again, the roots being gnarled and twisted and interlaced, and the young branches are twined around the parent tree in every conceivable shape. It is about six miles from Bulli to Wollongong. At the time' of my visit the town was greatly agi tated. Wollongong wants a harbour, and a har bour she will have ; and meetings were held both day and night, and there were torchlight proces sions and brass banJs and balcony meetings on Saturday nights, and the poor unfortunate people who had nothing else to do stood on the street for about three hours whilst a dozen would-be orators all told them the same yarn. It was not varied in the least. The Demosthenes and Ciceros told the assembled crowd over and over agnin that which they knew already — that a harbour was neces sary, and that Port Kembla was the place for it. Mr. Franklin struck me as being about the most eloquent speaker, and he is good ; and Henderson ir not too bad, but he is so slow and methodical that you could go out and have a chat between the words. To revert to the Port Kembla Harbour scheme. I saw and heard many things in favour of the scheme during the time I spent in Woliongong, and I have not heard one good reason why the harbour should not be constructed. It would take too long to go into details, but the Wollongong people wanted several of the members of Parlia ment down to see for themselves, and I ' happened to be there,' and all except old Affleck —and he doesn't count — were impressed with the necessity for a harbour. .Tames Gorml)', M.P., was present. He used to live at Wollongong when he was a boy, and it was interesting to listen to him and old Andy Lysaght exchanging reminiscences Lysaght tried to make the member for Wagga older than he really is, but the latter objected. It is about time, however, that I said something about THE TOWN OF WOLLONGONG The main street is composed principally of hotels and drapers' shops. They are all first-elass buildings, especially the former. M. O'Brien has one of the largest hotels, a fine two-story structure, with every convenience and comfort, here. Mrs. O'Brien is a sister of Mrs. Hickey, of Newcastle, and to Mr. Ryan of Pilliga, out in the West. Mr. O'Brien was one of the chief movers in the entertaining of the members in the recent efforts to bring the necessity of a harbour before them. Fimister has a good hotel, and so has Hannaford. The latter is a white man, and I hope he will get on well here. The Town-hall here is a first-class and extensive building, and sets off the street. But the chief feature of architecture and site is the Catholic church and presbytery, and the convent further on. The. church has been recently reno vated and painted. The exterior, a pale green, which looks very handsome contrasted with the snowy white picket fences, and the deeper green sward. The interior is most compact and elegant, with a choir gallery, and a very good choir has Been formed here under the leadership of Mr. Dwyer, Miss Galvin being the organist. And in the presbytery adjoining the esteemed and well-loved parish priest, Father Byrne, has every incentive of obtaining as much of happiness as a priest can be ex pected to secure in this mundane sphere of ours. All the rooms are well built and well- ventilated, and there is every convenience. The exterior also is most attractive, with a well-laid-out and spacious garden in front, and the whole faces the beach, go that one can sit in the latticed verandah and enjoy a rest watching the waves rolling in against the shore, at the same time sniffing in deep draughts of the beautiful and invigorating ozone. Yes, Father Byrne should be happy. He has a splendid con gregation on Sunday, and willing workers in parochial matters, Mr. Andy Byron being a most zealous coadjutor in this respect, attending to all the secretarial work. Another zealous janitor is Mr, Holland, an English Catholic and a staunch one. Mr. Holland is a local hairdresser and tobacconist in the town. He is a son of one of the most emi nent barristers, in England, and was himself trained for the legal profession; but a hasty word, a proud, independent spirit heating within him, caused him to leave his parental roof, and the whole course of his life was changed. Mr. Holland ia a sterling little fellow, and his wife is a3 good as himself, and their daughter Lily, who is being educated at the local convent, has passed two splendid examinations, both theoretical and practical, in mu^ic. The convent here, of which I have just spoken, is beautifully situated on the beach, and boarders, most of whom j are from Sydney, very shortly after arrival develop j most colossal appetites and secure the best of health; the dormitories and everythingbsing most complete. The Good Samaritan nuns are here, and the re sults from this convent are exceptional both in the higher and Primary education. Amongst the industries of Wollongong must be mentioned Parkinson's cordial factory, which is very complete in every respect, and turns out every conceivable kind of cordial, Mr. Parkinson, who is a ' fellow of infinite jest,' is very popular in Wollongong. The other cordial manufacturer in the town is Mr. Pat Harrild, a son of a large land holder in the Cootamundra district, young Pat thinking he had a softer thing on in. manufacturing ' soft drinks than mustering jurabucks. Hehasagocd plant, and is doing an excellent business. I must not forget Mr. Dwyer's establishment. Mr. Dwycr exhibits buggies and sulkies, and takes prizes at shows all over the colony, and I have even seen his vehicles at Cobar and Bourke. His fame as a buggy builder is so well known that it is unnecessary to mention the fact here, except to state that he has a good number of hands working, and would have considerably more under a protective policy. Mr. Dwyer is a most poptihw townsman. Wollongongites are a sports-loving people. The bicyle club here has got about the. best bicycle track in the colony, and had a most success ful gathering recently, in which the best inter colonial riders competed. Captain M'Cabe is the Mayor of the town, and is every in^h a soldier and a gentleman. Mr. J. A. Beatson, one of the promi nent Catholics here, has been Mayor several times, and is at the head of every movement associated with the pf ogress of the town. The latter remarks apply also to Mr. T. Kirby, who has risen to the position of alderman end other positions simply through merit and popularity. Mr. Galvin, another Catholic, is one of the leading protectionists here. Taken altogether, the Wollongong people are vpry nice and lively, and go about with smiles on their faces, and are quite a contrast to a great portion o£ the South Coast inhabitants, of whom more anon. The conclusion of this article will probably take me on through Unanderra. Dapto (with an interesting interview with ' Billy' Beach), Albion Park, Jamberoo, and Gerringong. KILLEEVY. 