LOCAL AND GENERAL. The COOLG^BDIE Pioneeb is now supplied to the agents at 4s per dozen. When sending in bundles of returns HlNEB and Pioneeb agents are requested to write distinctly on same their names and addresses. They should also take care to bind •the returns strongly, so as to ensure safe receipt of same, Mrs Clara Benck Colby is the first woman to the United States to receive a war corres-1 pondent's pass. She is founder, editor, and proprietor of 'The Woman's Tribune,' published in Washington. In the interests of the paper she went to the front, accompany, ing her husband, who is a Brigadier-General. Mrs Colby was Professor atf one time of Latin and History in the University at Wisconsin, and she has studied law. Dressed in deep black Patti looks sweeter .aod softer, and above all things, younger than she has for years. You might well take her for a young woman of some 25 years ; tfoe petite and delicate face is still freBh with girlish beauty ; the deep, dark eyes sparkle with life and interestand simplicity; and the figure remains slight. And she is in mind just what she looks. She laughs almost like a young child at anything that amuses ; and -sheis as ready to be amused as a child. \- Mr Charles Vincent, of the Grand Hotel, returned last week from a six weeks' visit to the Eastern colonies. During his absence Mr Vincent, who looks remarkably well after his holiday, was present at Flemington doring the Cup meeting, and he also paid a visit to Adelaide. Both cities, he statee, appear to be in a prosperous condition, and there was a marked improvement in the commercial activity of both communities as compared with their condition when Mr Vincent last visited them. Considerable alarm haB been experienced lately by the timid residents of Cannington ) near Perth, by the appearance of a conventionally attired ghost. A number of residents at laBt laid in wait for the apparition, who surrendered on being bailed up with a revolver. His costume consisted of a sheet with eyelet holes, and decorated with red paint and other elaborations. The party who laid the ghost decided not to hand him over to the police, hut administered a sound thrashing with a paling, and a sore and gory ghost was then set at liberty. The battle of Omdurman showed, according to the London correspondent of the Manchester Guardian,' that continuous and rapid firing impairs the effectiveness of the Lee-Metford rifle. It wbs reported at the time that the barrel became ao hot that the men in the fighting line found it almost impossible to hold their weapons. Now it is said that the flame cause affected in a slight degree the accuracy of the rifle. Inquiry is to be tnade, and a series of experiments is projected, with a view to determining how .many rounds can be Sred before accuracy falls off. Counsel Henke iB undergoing detention in Berlin, and. being desirous of marrying his sweetheart, got permission to do so. The ceremony took place at 10 a.m. on September 20\. He was guarded by two officers in plain clothes. As he returned to the prison he was accompanied by his wife, who, as the signal for their long separation came, fell into convulsive sobbing, which developed into hysteria. She fell to the ground, and wept despairingly. The fit lasted so long that a crowd gathered rounl, which could be dispersed only by the removal of the senseless woman under cover. Then the gates of the prison were shut, and the newly-married couple were parted. After an hour's attention she had not 'come to,' and she was taken helpless in a cab to her home. In a recent issue of the ' Daily Mail,' F. Iredale penB the following in regard to the next Australian Eleven : ' Judging from precedents, there seems a likelihood of England fleeing some nsw faces in the next Australian team. It is unlikely that the coming season will bring forth any great •star,' who would force himself into the team, therefore we can aBsume that most of last year's men will be available. So far the following players have chances, viz : H. Trott, H. Trumble, A. E. Johns, J. Worrall, C. M'Leod, C. Hill, E. Jones, J. Darling, 8. Gregory, F. Iredale, J. J. Kelly, W. Howell, M. A. Noble, A. C. K. Mackenzie, .and V. Trumper. There aregone or two players whose cricket was not ofthe best last jrear, but who may regain their form. If so, they may be chosen, viz, H. graham and T. B. M'Kibbin. Mr T. Shaw has been appointed to act a Crown Prosecutor at the Coolgardie Quarter Sessions, which commence about the middle of this month. Two Bmall matters were dealt with at the Warden's Court yesterday. A. Marshall applied for one month's exemption on lease 73, on account of want of funds. The Warden granted 14 days' protection. An application was made by the Hands across the Sea Co for permission to amalgamate leases 61s and 62s, and the Warden agreed to recommend that the permission be granted. The Irishmen of Coolgardie held their! special local '98 celebration in the Cremorne Theatre last week, and it proved to be a very enjoyable and in every way successful function. The gathering was graced by the presence of a number of ladies, and among the members of the sterner sex present were several from KUgoorlie and Kanowna. Mr P. J. O Connor was an efficient chairman, and delivered a short but well expressed opening address. The Rev. Father O'Gorman in his speech when proposing the toast of •The Day We Celebrate,' carried off the oratorical honors. The Hon. A. G. Jenkins, M.L.C., made a rattling good speech in submitting the toast, of ' The Land we Live In,' and other speakers acquitted themselves creditably. Some excellent vocal solos were given during the evening. The hall was brilliantly lighted and nicely decorated, and a conspicuous feature was the handsome new banner which was specially painted for last Saturdays celebration. A sequel of the late Spanish-American war appears in the following paragraph taken from an exchange :—A sad case of suicide occurred at Nagasaki on September 12. Among the passengers on board the U.S. transport was the Bev Mr Freeman, chaplain to the U.S.S. Baltimore, whose mind had unfortunately become unhinged by the terrible eventB in Manila Bay. The reverend gentleman was placed under observation, and a passage for San Francisco was eventually taken for him in the Zealandia by the 0,6. authorities. On the arrival of the vessel pt Nagasaki Mr Freeman's condition was found to be very serious, and arrangements were beintr made for his transference ashore to hospital, Early on the morning of the 12th, however, about 4 o'clock, a sailor on duty saw Mr Freeman, who rushed past him and deliberately jumped overboard. An alarm was at once raised and a boat lowered, but nothing could be seen of the unfortunate gentleman. The body was subsequently recovered. The present unsettled state of affairs in France gives interest to the creation of a new bond between the Bonapartes, the Neys, the Maseenas and.the Murats. The Prince de la Moskowa is about to marry Princess Eugenie Bonaparte. The future bridegroom is the great grandson of the illustrious but ill-fated Marshal Ney, and his sister is the wife of Prince Joschim Murat. His mother, the adopted child of the great Jewish banker's widow, the late Mme Furtado Heine, became after her first husband's death the partner for life of another representative of imperialist traditions, the Due de Rivoli, Prince d'EsBling, the lineal descendant of Marshal Massena. Princess Eugenie is the daughter of Prince Napoleon Charles Bonaparte, grandson of Lucien, Prince de Canino, the first Emperor's brother, and of Joseph, the ex-King of Spain, on his mother's side He himself was a soldier of France during the Second Empire, served in Mexico and Africa, and fought during the earlier opera tions of the war of 1870. \The committee of the 'Home of Rest' desire to acknowledge the following dona tionB :—Mrs Finnerty, stretchers; Silverthoine and Adair, wood ; Mrs Becke, towels, toilet-covers, and d'oyleys; Mr Biddle, matting and axe; Mrs Jenkins, kercsene stove, kettle, saucepans, and sundries ; Mrs Sylvester, toilet-covere, jug, cakes, &c; Mr E.Whitfield, sugar basin, butter dish, &c; ; Mrs Wjmond, fender, suodries, and scones ; Mre Jno Macnamara, stretcher; Mies Becke, candlestick; Master Foster, dustpan; Mrs Jones, glass dishes and salts; Mrs Thompson, lamp, glass dish, and bread; Mrs Foster, counterpane and salts ; Mr Stobart, jugs, teapot and sundries ; Mrs England, bracket; Mrs Aitkin, table ; Mr Campbell, water ; Philip and Fennel, block cake; Mrs Langden, Swiss roll; Mrs Burrows, cake ; Mts Moore, coffee ; Mrs Fearse, coffee ; Mrs Collins, tea and marmalade ; Mrs Stone (Perth), flowers ; Mrs J. Sutcliffe (Fremantle), vegetables and flowers ; Mrs Capt Craze, cake ; Mrs Stewart, jam and milk; Mr MasBey, tea ; A Friend, coffee; A Friend, milk; MieB Stewart, scones; Mr O'Toole, sugar, jam and tea ; Mr Gundry, scones; the Acme factory, lemonade; Mr M'Guire, cakes; Mr M'Sorley, cakes; Mr Lambert, milk; Mr Uhr, joint of beef; Silbert and Sharp, vegetables; Mrs Scouller, cakes; Mr H. H. Paynter, stationery. Writes our London correspondent—At the meeting of the Council of the Royal Colonial Institute, held on October 18, Sir James F. Garrick in the chair, a large number of gentlemen, representing almost every portion of this world-wide Empire of ours, were elected fellows. I observe that Golden Westralia is represented by Mr Charles E. Stokes, of Coolgardie. 'Jock,' the sailors' dog, arrived here on H.M.S. Archer about two years ago. He promptly deserted, and eventually followed the calling of a 'beachcomber.' Recently Jack,' in the course of his wanderings, fell in with a party of men-of-war's men, with whom he had a good time. The sailors succeeded in making the dog hopelesBlj intoxicated, and this resulted in the loss of the U6e of his hind legs. Massage was resorted to, but in vain, and after a short time poor Jack' succumbed, a victim to intemperance. Tw<o or three days before his death, * Jack' swam off to H.M.S, Bonaventure, which at that time was lying on the other side of the harbor.—' Nagasaki Press.' The most magnificent and costly pearl necklace in the world is said to be'owned by Countess Henckel, a lady we\l known in Paris society. It i6 composed of three historical necklaoeB, each of which attracted attention in its day. One of them, valued at £12,000, was sold to the Countess by a Spanish grandee, and is known as the • necklace of the Virgin of Atokha.' The second was once the property of the ex-Queen of Naples, sister of the late Empress of Austria. The third was the famous necklace worn by the Empress Eugenie on State occasions, and sold not very long ago to a firm of London jewellers for £20,000. The present value of the Countess' necklace is close on £60,000. Very general surprise was expressed by the many acquaintances of George Pearson when it became known on Wednesday that he had put an end to his life on the previous day. It was a matter of pretty common knowledge that he had for some time past been in financial straits, but even when talking to his most intimate friends he had shown no signs of unusual despondency. Up to the last he interested himself in local sport, and waB an eager spectator of the test cricket match played on Sunday week. The inquest on the body was held on Wednesday. It was elicited that the last time Pearson was seen alive was between 12 and 1 on the previous day. Dr Leschen, who examined the body at 12.15 on Wednesday morning, stated that life must then have been extinct for at least eight hours. Therefore the unfortunate man must have taken his life some time between _ and 4 on Tuesday afternoon. A neighbor stated that she heard the sound of a shot fired in the direction of deceased's camp about 10 o'clock on Tuesday night, but this must have been fired by someone other than Pearson. The jury took very little time in arriving at a verdict of suicide, adding that they considered he had committed the deed while in a state of temporary insanity brought on by misfortune and financial worry. Pearson was buried on Wednesday afternoon after 5 o'clock. At this juncture, when England is more than usually interested in France, a German historian comes forward with the remarkable statement that he has discovered Napoleon's original plans for the invasion of England in the year 1798. Just 100 years ago Napoleon decided to tow an army over to England on great floating forts, with large bodies of troops lined up in battle order. They were then to fight their way ashore, and land on the coast without resort to lighters. The troopB were to march ashore in the order of their regiments, preceded and backed up by artillery. This, the German historian says, Bonaparte hoped to accomplish in the summer season, when the water was calm and the attending circumstances favored by wind and weather. It will be remembered that Napoleon often declared that he would have been as great an admiral as he was a general with half a chance. ' But,' he added, 'the French are useless as sailors. They are too fussy, too excitable. At sea one needs a calm mind, quiet fortitude, and energy.' Bonaparte's ferries were built, in Brest, Cherbourg, and Boulogne, but when Napoleon inspected them in the spring of 1798 his faith in the new-fangled marine monsters wavered. He abandoned the proposed invasion of England, and instead started on the expedition to Egypt, from where he hoped to be able to rule the Medi terranean. The proprietors of the Miner and Pioneeb. announce that following on the change of management, a new editor has been appointed to control the literary departments of both papers. The registered office of the Great Eastern Goldmining Company has been removed to No 26 Victoria Buildings, Bayley- street. William Hickey, 30, blacksmith at Burbanks Birthday Gift Gold Mine, died Thursday from perforation of the bowels following upon typhoid fever. The deceased was admitted to the institution on November 8- He leaves a widow and two phildren, who are, together with his parents, residing at Burbanks. The statement, published elsewhere, to the effect that Mr J. M. Finnerty has been appointed a Commissioner under the Supreme Court Act to try the aboriginals who were committed for trial at Menziee on a charge of murder, may be ^regarded as a refutation of the rumor that a Supreme Conrt judge waB to be sent up to officiate at the forthcoming Quaxter Sessions, During the past summer there arrived at an hotel on the Ring in Vienna a gentlemanly person who gave his name as Dr Guido Bruno Charles de b"reye, and described himself as a medical man Iroui ban Francisco. Two or three days later he died suddenly of heart disease. When his trunks were opened they were found to contain, besides wearing apparel, letters of credit, deposit notes, and shares to the velue of nearly £50,000. There were also a few sheets of note-paper headed Dr Charles de Freve, practising physician, Spokane, Wyoming, 1 a pocket-book inscribed trom your loving sister," and a letter bearing a lady's name. The bankers on whom the bills were drawn know nothing personally of their late client, and up to the present date not a soul hss inquired about him or laid claim to his estate. Should no heir be forthcoming, the whole of the property will go into the United States Treasury, The Boulder i paper has the following interesting incident:—On Wednesday afternoon the representative of a Kalgoorlie firm drove to the Boulder with a horse and dogcart, which he left standing in front of the Railway Hotel. The horse, finding itself a free agent, started on tne return trip without a driver, when it was seen by a prominent draper, who ran after, secured the runaway, and drove back to Burt- street, where the owner was met just leaving the hotel, and toid that he mi^ht consider him- self lucky there was no damage done. Instead of thanking or saying' Come and have a drink,' the owner said, ' That'll do you ; many a man's been sent to gaol for less than that.' Then he jumped into the trap and drove off without replying any further to the questions put to him, or allowing the man who stopped the runaway to express bis con tempt for tbe churlish conduct of the driver. Marriage in Spain takes place by day or at night, according to the fortune of the young people or their station in life. If well-to-do, the ceremony comes off in the early part of the morning. The bride wears a plain black silk dress, with train, and a lace mantilla. The bridegroom wears a dress coat. At an early hour, before the bridegroom arrives, the bride repairs to the church with her mother for confession. Meantime the bridegroom, also accompanied by his padrone or best man, has gone to confession at bis own parish church. The marriage ceremony then takes place in the presence of the relatives and friends of the parties. The service in a measure recalls that of the English Church. There are two wedding riags —one for the bride and one for her consort. When the man says, * With ail my worldly goods I thee endow,' he pours sixteen coins into the hands of the bride. This money is called •la aras,' and the hride does what she likes with it. King Alfonso gave splendid gold ' ounces ' to each of his wives, and these in turn gave them to the poor. ' The talleBt man in his army,' who accompanied the German Emperor on his visit to the East, is a grenadier named Chiemke, who is nearly 6ft lOin in his stockings. This Frederick-William mania of the Kaiser's is an old device of his for impressing the foreigner. On returning from his first visit to Constantinople in 1889, the Emperor sent the Sultan a complete setof kettledrums, which he entrusted to the tallest officer in his army, Lieut Pleskow, who is very little, if at all, under 7ft. Once indeed, when this Prussian Guardsman looked over a 7ii garden wall, and asked a girl picking gooseberries therein what was the way to eo-and-so, the simple maiden told him to bide first to the right and theu to the left, and he wonld find the place he wanted. The nymph had honestly fancied that an officer over-peering her garden wall like that must necessarily be on horseback I 