THE LAND OF THE CHRISTMAS GHOSTS. By F.LCYE CRAMER. (Continued from last week.) Jilsi. then I'itimt stalking along "a goose very much like Jack's guide, hut headless. The boy watched it with interest. How can it live without ils head V lie inquired. "That's ,(ast it," answered the ghost. "It doesn't, live. None of its live. There's not; a thing up here That's alive, except." it added on second -thoughts, "except you. 1 believe you are alive." "I hope I am. indeed," cried Jack, indignantly. 1 "Squawk! Stop! Come and tell ihi.t creature where your head is," cried Jack's companion (o the headless goose. And. to the hoy's great astonishment, it stopped, and began to talk at once in spite of its maimed condition. "I_am afraid 1 cannot 1 ell yon thai," ; it said, mournfully, "because I don't i know yet. 1 only arrived to-day. They i chopped my head oil, and I heard I them say they were to have ' nie for dinner next day. But one of the children ram off with my head and hid it; so I- had to conic i without", t hough 1 expect it has come liy this time and is looking for me every where. ' It is of no great consequence, however, because" we ghosts can see and : talk and hear without our beads, if ue- j eessarv, so we are quite independent, and if they don't choose to come ami j he friends, we can do 'quite well without ' them." | "That's convenient," said Jack, langli- , But just as lie spoke, something came rushing along with lightning speed, whirling, whizzing, -scurrying,- straight towanls.Jack..nnd before he could move out of its way. liad knocked him Hat i down 011 rite ground: It didn't hurt him rf in the least, and he sat up in a. dazed | kind of way, .and. looked for the cause of his overthrow. It happened to be a j line large turkey cock, which lighted on j the ground close by, and began running i round and round in a groat state of flus ter ami excitement. ' "I'm afraid I'm late," -it' paii'ted, "I'd have come sooner— yes— yesterday,! — ' only— I— 1 wasn't killed in time. . Tlioy wore so slow." - Jack watched it intently. "Late for. what?" lie asked. -still sitting on, the ground w.ith his. legs straight out in >, front of him. j "The Christmas Dinner." The turkey turned and stated at the boy. then seat- j oil itself on the ground beside him. By ; litis time numbers of geese and turkey j ghosts had collected round, and Jack ! wtis surprised to see that they all scent- : ed to lie talking about liini, sometimes ' pointing at him quite openly, and often , touching him with their broad biils or i sharp-pointed beaks. He felt uncom fortable, and wished lie could run away, but Unit would lie quite impossible with j so 111a uy pairs of eyes upon him. j "Come now, old Gobbler," cried otie of the gliosfs, who just came up. "Tell us how you came to b» so very late." "We expected you yesterday," cried another. "We waited for you." announced a third. "What did they wait for?" asked Jack, puzzled. "For me." said the Turkey, with a pleased smile. "But what did tliey wait for you for?" persisted Jack. "Don't" you know about it?" asked the Turkey. Cock. . 'The Christmas d "Hush," .shrieked every voice in cho rus, and finished in a loud whisper. "That's It!" ' What was it? Jack wondered. They wet-'e ail-so very mysterious: and kept- whispering and making' signs to one an other., -tlnci were constantly: living away, and coming back again, while tliey look ed at him with glances full of strange meaning. He could not make it out. Presently the goose that had brought tii'« to Gliosliaud broke off a very ani- mated discussion with a small game fowl, and came round to Jack's side. "I suppose," it said iu Jack's ear, "you had 110 difficulty 111 recognising the bird you were to. have had for your Christmas Dinner to-day" and it nod ded towards the Turkey. "Of course, as it is now Christinas Day, you are probably aware that even if you started for your home now you would be too lule for dinner." "Oh," cried Jack, starting up, "Then I- must go "at once, or I shall get sucli a scolding." "He must go home at once!" echoed (lie creatures, mockingly, "He does not want to miss his -Christinas dinner of roast Turkey and plum pudding! All! he does not. know 'wlnit -a magnificent "dinner we are going to have! Let us send .him' an 'invitation to diiie with 11s." Then there came loid cackling laughter, and they insisted 'that Jack should stay. "The fire is hot, itiul all is ready to be gin the Christmas cooking." called a voice, and at the sound every bird rose up from the ground and licw away to wards the spot whence the sound catiie. Jack fell himself lifted by the goose on one side and the Turkey 011 the oilier, and loge'ihcr they carried hint after all the resi. IIo felt a little curious, but a groat, deal frightened, bill of what lie could not have said. Tliey set liini down in front of the great, roaring, red lire which threw iis hot glow far 011 all sides, and gave a yellowish tinge to all the spectral forms -around. The flames In'ocmd oibl culntDil'il OBfl "IllO WtlOll crackled merrily, in front of it there Iping a spit, evidently intended for a joint, which had not yet appeared. (To be continued.) 