Some Sacramentals. A SIMPLE EXPLANATION OF CATHOLIC PRACTICES. AN INTERESTING ARTICLE By sacramentals we mean the various prayers, blessings, ceremonies, and pious practices of the Church. Here mention will be made of some of the most common of the sacramentals that we have not already treated. Sacramentals, like sacraments, have an outward sign ; the latter, however, were instituted by Christ, the former by the ?Church, and while the latter always give grace if we place no obstacle in the way, the former do not give grace, but excite good thoughts, increase devotion, and raise the .?mind to God. The chief sacramentals that have riot been .already mentioned are the books ^ used by -the priest in t;he performance of his Baored duties, the sign of the cross, holy water, blessed candleB, blessed palm and ashes, holy ?oils, scapulars, medals, Agnus Dei, stations, the funeral service, and various blessings. The books used by the priests in the per formaijce of his sacred duties are the Missal, which contains the Masses for the various ?feasts of the ecclesiastical year; the Breviary, in which is the office recited by the priest every day ; and the Ritual, where is to be found the form of administering the different sacraments, the funeral ser vice, and the various benedictions. Tina Sign of the Cross. The sacramental of most frequent use in the Church is the sign of the cross. It is used to remind us of the Passion and Death ?of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ on the cross. The cross is the embalm of the ?Ohrist.an, the ' sign of the Son of men.' Ib is an act of faith in the principal truths ?of Christianity. When we say the words, 'In the name,' we profess our faith in the unity of ' God, whioh means that there is but one God j ' of the Father and of' the Son and of the Holy( Ghost,' .are a profession of faith in the Trinity— i.e., that there are three divine persons in one God. The form of the cross whioh we trace with our right hand from our forehead to ?our breast, and then from the loft to the right shoulder, is a profession of faith in the Incarnation of the Son of God, who became man and died on the cross for our redemp vfcion. Tertullian and other writers of the early ages of the Church tell us that before every action, before rising or retiring, before me'als, at every step, 'we impress on our forehead the sign of the cross.' The Catholic Church of to-day, in accordance with the teachings of Christ, His apostles, .and their successors of all time, teaches her ?children to put their trust in the merits of Jesus Christ's sufferings on the cross, and to ?do everything 'in tho name of Father and ?of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' Holy Water and Blessed Candles. Holy water is water blessed by a priest. 'During the blessing beautiful prayers are recited. These prayers express the spiritual blessings the Church wishes to follow all who use it. The Church uses holy water in all the benedictions and some of her sacra ments. It is placed at the door of her churches, that all who enter may use it and be. reminded of that purity of heart which it symbolizes. Holy water is also kept in the houses of Catholics, to be used in times of trial and when the priest comes to ad minister the sacraments. The blessed candles Used in the service of the Church receive their special blessing on Candlemas Day. We use these lighted candles at different times to remind ?us of Jesus, who is the 'Light of the world.' Catholics always keep a blessed candle in the liouse. The Church puts a lighted candle in our hand at our baptism, and wishes us to die with one in our hand, to remind us to hope in Him who is oiir light and the light of the world. Blessed Ashes, Palms, and Holy Oils. On Ash Wednesday ashes are blessed and put on the forehead of the faithful in the form of a cross, with the words ' Remember, man, that thou art dust and unto dust thou shalt return,' to remind them that they are only dust and ashes. Those are tho ashes of burnt palms blessed the Palm Sunday of the previous year. These palms are blessed in memory 01 the triumphal entry of Jesus into Jerusalem, when the people spread palm branohos along the way. This palm should remind us to perform faithfully our duty if wo wish to enjoy the palm of victory. The holy oils are blessed by tho bishop on Holy Thursday of each year. They are of three kinds : oil of the sick, used in the Saoramont of Extreme Unction ; oil of the Oateohumens, used in blessing baptismal water and in tho Sacrament of Baptism ; and Holy Chrism, used in tho preparation of baptismal water in the cerevnonie* of bap tism, confirmation of 'a bishop, of churches, altars, bells, and chalices. Tho olive oil used should remind us of Our Saviour's passion in the Garden of Olivos. BaiULKMS. Agnus .Deis (blessed by tho Pope), scapu lars, and medals are small articles worn by Catholics to remind them of Our Lord (the Lamb of God), of the Blessed Virgin, and of the saints. They are emblems of the Chris tian ; as the (lag of our country shows that we are under the protection of pur country, so the Agnus Dei, scapulars, and medals show that we are under the protection of Josus Christ, His Blessed Mother, and His saints. The Stations. The stations of the cross are fourteen paintings representing the various stage of the Passion and Death of Our Redeemer. The faithful pass from station to station and meditate upon that feature of the Passion represented by each station. Tradition tells us that from tho beginning pious pilgrims were accustomed to tread the path and bedew with their tears , the way sanctified by Our Saviour on that sorrowful journey from Pilate's tribunal to Calvary's heights. But Jerusalem falling into the hands of infidels, and many being unable to visi^ those holy places, permission was obtained to erect in churches fourteen crosses and pictures commemorating these sorrowful acts. From these stations all can meditate upon the sufferings of Our Saviour, and learn from Him submission to God's holy will, patience, charity, and for giveness of injuries. At the Grave. The funeral service of the Catholic Church is beautiful, touching and instructive. After blessings strengthening, and oncourag ,ing us through life with her sacraments ; after fortifying our souls for the last groat struggle, she follows us beyond tho grave with her blessings, her prayers and her sacrifices. 'Eternal rest give unto thorn, 0 Lord,' she prays; 'and let perpetual light shine upon them. May they rest in peace.' Blesstnos. There are otlmr prayers, ? and blessings used by the Church on special occasions. In fact, the Church blesses everything sho uses. This blessing of tho priest is not such an absurd thing as some irri agine it to be; it is rather a most reasonable practice. It is simply a prayer said by the priest asking God to send His blessing upon the person or thing indicated. People of all denominations say grace before meals, asking God to bless the food they are about to use. This is precisely what the . priest t does when blessing anything. He uses different forms of prayor ordained by the Church to implore God's blessing upon tho water, candles, and other things before using them. This blessing of churches, water, candlos, and other things has its foundation on Scripture. Wo road in the Old Testament of tho solemn blessing of the Temple of Solomon. St. Paul tolls us that ' every crcaturo is sanctified by tho Word of God and prayor.' Churches, water, candlos, bells, books, parsons, and other things blessed by tho Church aro creatures. Therefore wo aro following St. Paul in blessing them, for every creature is sanctified by the Word of God and prayer. We do not claim that those articles that are blessed have any efficacy in themselves ; but wo hope and pray that God in His in finite goodness and mercy may render those blessed articles beneficial to those using them, may protect them and lead them to His blessed abode above, where all is peace and light and love. , Prudence is the virtue of the senses. It is bettor not to live than not to love. Under an order issued by the Russian Government, the Jews living in Southern Russia are permittod to visit the mineral e)ringa and other health resorts in tho auoasus during the summer season. For the last five or six years they had not been allowed in the Caucasus upon any condition, and to many this concession is a boon, as the means of travel and living is much more noxpenBive than abroad. 