NATASQUA. Dr IBB B. H. DAVIB. CHAPI'ER II. (Confnued.) 'I know it. But that very idea blinds him. He talks of Dort as a sort of hireling whom Miss Vaux employo. "I hope you remunerate the man for rowing you about," he said to day. "Bring him up and I'll give him a bottle or so of ale, if you don't care to spare money. These water rats 'long shore drink like fish," he added, turning to me. No. He eese nothing.' 'There's nothing to ese. It's all your jealousy, Langton. Miss Vaux is a pure, sweet girl-a good deal too clear-oighted .to throw herself into the gutter in that fashion.' Mr. Coles strolled away, and Lang ton turned toward the Vaux tent. ' Sweet ?' Oh! there was no doubt of her amiability, poor Langton thought bitterly. It hid her, and kept un welcome intruders off from her as effectually as would plate armour. But what the deuce was she thinking of under the sweetness ? 'There she is,' he muttered, 'just the same, with her pleasant laugh and gentle, soft glances, whether she refuses to marry me, or sits listening to the major toadying. one man and brag ging to the next. By George! what gall and wormwood that must be for the girl to drink ! I don't wonder she is ready to fling herself to the first honest orab-fisher that comes along, to be rid of it.' He was resolved to move in the matter at once-but how ? A word to old Vaux would be effeotual, but Langton was loth to put the girl in her father's power; he had a fancoy that with all the major's purring softness he had tigerish claws. ' He has no affeootion for any thing under God's heaven but his wife,' be thought. Mrs. Vaux? Hillo ! There was a chance! Langton quickened his steps to the tent. The woman has common sense, he thought; he could appeal to her with out risk. Mrs. Vaux was sitting on a pile of the tiger skins at the door of the tent when he came up; netting, as eusual, with breathless eagetness at some gaudy enormity of zephyr and beads. She manufactured such quan tities of these pouches and caps, that the steel needles seemed to have grown a part of her fingers. The money she made (for they were sold secretly) the major deposited in the bank for her, and refused to touch, no matter how close to starvation they were pushed sometimes. ' It is your mother's little secret,' he would say gently to the Vaux boys. 'Let her hqeep it. Some deed of holy charity, doubtless.' She looked up smiling when Lang-t ton approached. When the major was out of sight, the soared little woman had a oertain timid dignity of her own, very winning and pleasant. He took a seat on the skins at her feeot. 'I came to speak to you in re feorenco to Miss Vaux, madam.' Mrs. Vaux bowed and straightened her thoughts and her thread, with a sly, amused glance at the young man. If Romy's lovers came for informa tion from her, they would find she could fence and parry, and guard the child's secrets as well as any man of them all. It was like the ghost of one of her own old love affairs coming back. Her thin chocek grew rod and her eye sparkled. ' You knowthis young man, DTrt, doubtless, Mrs. Vaux ?' Mrs. Vaux turned sharply and looked at him. 'Dort ? You came to talk to me of him ?' 'And of your daughter. The sub jects are the same, unfortunately. Can you give me your attention for a moment?' ' Dort, you saoid? I have never seeoon him. I have been in the tent and heard his voice. But I have never looked at him. Never.' 'You feared Major Vaux would dislike it, probably ?'-gently, for the inexplicable agitation of the poor lady touched him. Was Vaux such a tyrant that the mere thought of his annoyance could so shake the woman ? She had recovered herself, measur ably, however, before she answered him. ' I have no fear of displeasing my husband. I have never wronged him knowingly-not in the least trifle,' with a steady countenance, but for 4 qtueer quaver in his chih. 'Of what did ybu say you came to talk to me, Mr. Langton ?' 'I won't detain you long. It is a matter in which I fear you will think I have no concern.' He drew closer to her, and lowered his voice. r HAPTER III. Mr. Langton had ended his con forencs, Mrs. Vaux sat for awhile on the tiger skins, fingering the heape of purple worsted and steel heads in her !ap. The gaudy things had filled a nsmerable, pathetic part in her life. She was thmn'king about them rather thaln the story he told her. Since she eas a pink-faced, coquettish little chit, it had been Fanny Dort's habit to selize on the trifles of life, and keep as far as she could out of the great currents of love or passion and right or wrong. She got up and went down the beach in search of Romaine, try ing to think of the turtles and frogs down in the sedge, or the blue dragon fliles flashing in the evening light over the black gul lies abe ereoned. But, in spite of her asif. eshe went back to that day- that one day which had put meaning and strength into her shallow life when ,he was a girl; when from noon till dark her bhby, her own baby, lay on her bosom. A single short half-day! They took him away the next. But she fancied the fat little hand was fumbling now about her neck, and could feelithe milk throb again in her withered breasts, on which a child had never lain since then. She went over it all. How, when they told her the boy was dead, as well as its father, she had gone, flirting and giddy, into the world she lived in now -fastened herself in. It was a world made up of the major, end cheap finery, and a footsore tagging after fashionable people, and puffery, and perpetual brag. She, too, had learned to brag in her piping way, and to gP.pe at and imitate the habits of her betters, as the major called their richer neighbours. When the time came thac she found her child still lived, she had nothing left to do but sit and chafe year after year at the intangible meshes which she had woven, that kept her from him-in flexible as chains of steel-and to net and crochet hideous finery to make money to send him. In the midst of her tawdry fashion and eternal plea suro-goir g, the soul of the weak little body dwelt alone and kept silence, as in darkness and the shadow of death. Other women held their children close to their lives; dirty groenbacks were all that were left her with which to touch or roach hers. S!e stretched out her hands now over the wide beach with a cry. She had come there, not hoping she would have courage to claim him, but thinking she might look at him once, perhaps find his steps in the sand, and put her own feet in theoq. 'I must call those great Vaux men my sons,' she cried feebly, 'give them pet names; and when my own boy stands without the tent I dare not look at him!' She saw Romaine coming, and tried to be cool, and reason with herself what was best to be done. If Lsng ton's story was true, and Major Vaux should discover the hold Dort had upon his daughter, the whole truth must come outt 'He must be told that he is my son !' Mrs. Vaux stopped short. 'My son !' Her shrivelled heart swelled for the moment to the measure of a true woman's. Romy was very dear to her: all that was bright and real in life had belonged to the girl. 'My son and Romy, man and wife!' After all, there were such things as love and sincerity and actual happinesas!l She had missed them, but here they were ! But the major ? How would she come to him with her shame? And the Vaux boys? And their set on Fifteeonth Street? How could the major tell them that his wife was a mother instead of a maid when he married her ? 'They would cut him at once! And he's been so long getting into society! They might overlook it, though,' pausing hope fully. 'There was that story of the Kartwrights was worse. But Bich ard is only a crab-fisher, and Mr. Langton has seeon him bare legged !' She stopped again, pulling desperately at a wisp of false hair until it came out. Romy, coming up, laughed at her mother while she hissed her, and began to set her to rights. But the little woman was worn out with the life- long battle going on within her between love and shame; or, ~f you choose, God and the devil. The tears stood in her eyes. 'It's that braid I got at Bury's. He charged me 50dol., and it's nothing but combings. But it's not the hair!' she sobbed. 'It's all alike! I and all the rest of it-false and a cheat!' Romy put her strong arm about her mother, and walked gravely beside her until she stopped sobbing. 'Now, come onl' she said. The girl had a sudden idea. Her tanned cheek reddened and her eyes blazed. They turned their backs on the un easy tide and entered a pine forest. Their feet sank, noiseless and deep, in the brown, needles; the soft sunset light shone tranquilly through the aisles of grey trunks; a spider swung drowsily across the path, the web gleaming like a red hair; there were low bay bushes here and there, whose leaves, crushed under their feet, filled the air with a pungent, re viving scent; dusty-winged moths flow lazily through the arching, dusky-green roof overhead. 'It ies as still and solemn as a church!' cried Mrs. Vasux. They came out of the forest presently into an apple orchard, in the middle of which 'stood a large house built of logs, as grey and feathery with lichen as the living trees. There was no living thing in sight, but two or three cows staring gravely out of their in closure. The sunshine here was broasd and unimpeded; so full of life, that a wisp of dull amoke from the chimney turned into a brilliant crimson cloud in it, and drifted over the sky; the old trees in the orchard had that curious friendly, welcoming air which trees that gene rations of children have climbed always have;' now and then an over-ripe apple dropped with a thud upon the grases; the house-door stood wide open, and .inside a wood fire burned on a broad hearth. Bomy led her mother in. 'It is an old flsherman who lives here with his son. I come to see him sometimes, when the son is away. He is a good friend of mine.' 'But the door is open.' 'They never shut it, I believe, day or night,' laughed Bomy. She pulled a chair near the fire and placed her mother in it, so that she could look out of doors and yet be warmed. ' But it's a very peculiar habit not to shut a door,' dribbled Mrs. Vaux. 'It must be a great relief to have the idea of burglars and pickpockets struck out of the world; I spend so much time thinking of them.' (To o oontinred.) 