MDRIEL'SATONEMENT, iOOMPLETE m- mis ISSUE. CLARA MULHOLLAND, Authorof "A Striking Contrast, " " Kathleen v ' '..Mavournceu," &u.;,&o.; / J. COI'YIIIQIIT. . ' HAD "been feeling ' ; far from well for some . .time.. A sharp atteok . of infiucuza; followed W '.V a 8tH1 sharper n nv TTkwu tuh Pttcumonia. K' II weakened ami B m i\ pressed m e- H il. \y Chauge. of air and 1? 'X .8Qeie' plenty of M ' rSr7 ' '' ' 'Variety -and amuse- m i.T | -ment, was absolutely R / / j\ necessary, for mo, the i . ly/ f /I doctor- declared. ' If JB ; d'd '«o£ , get this " soon;' lie feared tlio '\oon8'oquencb«. I ' - ' smiled sadly, and looked at my mother. '/ " Wo are not rich, doctor. My futher could not afford to tako us all away, and to go' any where ulonc would be too dreary;" " Most certainly, und not to bo thought of for a moment." 1 1 Then I must stay at home, tako my tonic, and hope for tho best." . And I hoavod a deep sigh; little dreaming of tho delightful invitation that was eveir then on its wnv to inc. -' U ' v My mother's only sister , had- married . a wealthy man without business or profession. They had no children, and as they were botfij fond of travel nnd excitement/ had uo settled; home. Tliey wandered - -hero,''-1 there, and everywhere. Aud often for a year or more, . we hud no idea whether they .wore in Europe, India, or America. . . Eight months hud now blupksd,- since my nmit - lmd last written,, and it was therefore with extreme pleasuro that I- (the very day after ihc -doctor's visit) received a lotter from her, announcing her urrivul in Londou. Sho. and Uncle Tom were tired of roamiug about, sho said, and had made up their minds to stay in England for tho, next two or three years at Joust, and had rontod a furnished house iii. Yorkshire, where they intended to reside us much as possible. " Wo aro anxious, for, oucc, to spend a happy English Christmas," sho wrote, "aud liuvo invited a number of friends to como to us both before, for, and after that time. Wo are to lrnve constant relays' of visitors all through tbe winter. Our first arrive .011 December 8, so you must meet us on the seventh, ami travel with us up to Clecve Hall. I will expect you to stay all the time, as I must have someone young and pretty to help mo to entertain my guests and make things pleasant. So bo sure you como without fail, dearest Celia. Toll your parents, witli my love, that they must do without you for one Christmas. " Your lovimr "Aunt Caiuiy." "P.S.— -13e suro you bring plenty of smart frocks, as wo almll be more than guy. I enclose olicqiio to cover all expenses." This wus delightful/ Tho very thing \ wanted, und most joyfully 1 set to work to proparo for my viait. This, thanks to my aunt's -generosity, 1 was: able to do in a magnificent manner, and ou tbo day nicntiouod by hoi% I loft tho routury 'with a trousseau the like of which I lmd never dreamed it possible to possess, anil with which I was perfectly enclmnted. , Tho journey into Yorkshire was accom plished willi ease mid comfort ; and my auut, uncle, and I arrived at Cieoyo Hall iu excellent time that afternoon. \W looked out eagerly as wo approached our now ahode, and as we driivo through the old wrought iron gates, up a long avenue, wo were lilted witli admiration. ' ; Glecve llall stood in tbo , midst of a fine park, uud was surrounded upon all sides by noble oaks, hill limes, dud stately waving firs. It was an irregularly built, but picturesque, mansion of red brick, wltli-iurgp bay windows and wide balconies. . Thbylawns were well laid out un<T pUinted \VIth such u variety of beautiful evergreens that even in. tbo dusk of :i December afternoon tbH place did' not look as dosolato and dreary ad oho would Imvo expected. Iuside. the bouse was luxurious, and was furnished throughout with 'such excellent tastq that my duut and uncle were delighted. . That evening we dined alone, uud us I was weary and tired after ; my journey and unusual oxciteinent I bade "Goodnight" early and retired to bed. ' ' My room was a curious one, and my teelings 'upon entering it worO not altogether- agroeahlo. Tlie bed, which stood in an uicovc, was draped with blue silk curtains ; the walls were hung witli tapestry of quaiut design ; a largo bow wiiidow, very high from the ground, witli a perfect staircase of- stcps lending up to it, occupied all one end; whilst a handsome wardrobe of inlaid satin-' wood filled up tbo othor. Several candles burned brightly upon tho dressing-table, but their light was not Buffioicnt to illnminate the distant corners, and 'I grew somewhat nervous as I peered into thoir unfathomable; depths. " Grundoiu is not iilways pleasant," I said with a shiver. " I was more comfort able aud happy in my own little poorly- furnished room nt home than in this fine chamber." Then, laughing at myself for being so silly, I hurriedly mud© my preparations for tho night, blew out tho candles, aud crept into bod. For some tlnio I lay watching the firelight upon the walls and coiling, and then a drowsy numbness stolo over me, and I fell uslcop. But till at once a noise like tho tapping or fiutrQrlug of a bird against the windows startled mo. aud i sat up agitated uiid op pressed, Tlio room was now m complete darkness. Tlio fire had died down in tlie grate; Iho window curtains wero closely drawn. ... Thon' suddonlv. ; out of tho gloom, "sur rounded "by u halo of brilliant light, tho figuro of a young girl, clad iu a simplo white dress, u blue ribbon rouurl her waist, cumo gliding softly across tho floor, aud stood at tho. foot of my bed, guzing at- mo with sad, sweet appealing eyes. ' I tried to spoalc to, bar, bub my tongue clove 'to tho roof of my mouth, mid no sound ciime forth, (U I marvelled who she could be, and how site lidd entered tho room. Tlio door was shut, tho' window fast bolted. But as I .wondorcd; her lips parted, and in a low but distinct voice 'ehio whispered,'. "To-morrow you '/will uVectono who lms suffered .muoh.' % You. will .know him by his . palo, proud, face/, uhd , melancholy ©yes. I destroy'ed'his happiness— ydi'i must restore it. Bo kind— bo kind." ; \ . V % I gazed ac Jier,. trembling, aud tried to spealc ; but cro I could roply.lior form faded, became shudowy, Jndistmot,: then .vanished, leaving tlio room iii darkncsVlis boforo. . I ' felt sick uud, faint, A bold porspinition stood iipoti my brow, an'd .I lay with dilated oyes faring ipto thoglobmy Corners, afraid ' to mo vo, afraid almost to breathe— wondering who .this slrungo viaitpnt pould bo, and how sho hud managed td enter toy room. ' Then gradually, my torror subsided. It was ono of tho servants playing a triok,' or wulking iu her -sleep, I told myself. She must huvo entered by the door whilst I slept. To-mprrow I iyould1 complaiu to the house keeper— and better Ktill- look the door— und thou I need huvo no fear. Agitated uud excited 1 tossed from side to Bide upou my pillow, the struugo words I bud 'justheiird ringing in my ears: v- - "It is absui— I : wiU : thiuk of .them no ldngojr,"'I orled. ' " And I shall tiike good euro never to hour thom ugaiu." A girl in tho hubit of slcdp'-wulkiug should' be . wiitehod, und not allowed to wander at ;wiU- vihrbuigh a house at uight. - I wished I uarod gofe uj) und follow bev. ButJ" : shivering, " I dare not. I — And then, ut last, utterly, worn" out, I fell usloep oiico more. : v When I.noxt awoke, tlio morning Buh was siiuing brightly iu at'tho window'. Tbo burtuius had beeu drawn aside; inybutli filiod ; my walking drbKS1 laid ready upon u chair. "My aunt's maid had ovidontly been In, but. bud gone away without disturbing me. Surprised, tlmt I should have slept so soundly' and so long, I sprang up and, 'dressing huririedly, rah down' tcTthe 'uliiiiig- room/where Ifouud my aunt mid unole be ginning breakfast. . ; Auiit Carry u \A I spent a pleasant morning wunderiug over- tho old house, and many and curious were tho things it contained. ' "This, now, isaohiirmingrooip," cried my aunt, leading the way into a. small inner drawing-room. " This I. shall keop as my own particular sanctum." It wus a delightful little boudoir, panelled in white wood, a wide oriel window, . uud- a, finely-curved chinuicy-pieco eoyored ..with .exquisito old china. Over the fireplaco, I framed into the wall, was a very beautifully painted pnrtraifc, aud i started and- tromblod. as ! met tho sad sweet byes. of . tlie girl who bidl appeared so strangely ' ut tho'foot of my bed the niglit beforo." ; ; " Why, child," said Aunt .Curry, " ouo would think ybu .had seon a ghost. . That pretty portrait scorns to alarm und fascinate you. - . You look quite palo." "Wlioissbo?" I gasped. . "Does sho Hvo hero?" ...... " Certainly not. and .who sho is I cannot tell-you.: Some-daughter of the bouse; But wd took the. place fchrough-nu agont audknow nothing of tho family. _ Sho looks oharmiug, Ithink".' ' ' ' ' " "Yes— vory." " Aud this embroidery, Celia— isn't it ex quisite ? Aud this picco of Sevres ? Oh ! I must fetch Tom to took at this." Aiidus my aunt wont away to find her husband, I sunk upou a chair, my eyes riveted upon tho pic ture. Then hearing my aunt and uuelo re turning I escaped upstairs. On tho first landing I mot Aunt Carry's maid. 'I have taken your things into a smaller uud pleusuntcr room, Miss Colin, ' she said. "Your aunt thought tho one you slept, iu lust uight tod big and gloomy." "Oh, thank you," I cried. And with a sigh of reliof I followed her into u charming daintily furnished little room, looking out upon tho fiower . garden. 1 shall any nothing of what I saw or dreamt last uight," I decided, looking round ino with pleasuro. "Ishull be happy hero and sleep peacefully. Tliey might laugh and jeer — perhaps toll tho guests us thoy arrive — and that I could not stand. I shall forget tho whole thing us fust as I can." At tea timo that afternoon a tuorry party gathered together in thq old oak panelled hall, and I was duly presented to the newly arrived visitors. When I had recovered from my first shy ness, I looked eagerly, anxiously round tho room. Tlio company included -persons of various ages. There were elderly matrons and their husbands, young girls, and sevoral unmarried men. But not one corresponded, with thu description giveu to mo by my ghostly visitant. , There wero dark men and fair — many jovial light-hearted fol lows — and one or two with an air of blaso discontent. But nowhere did I seo tho " palo proudfaco with melunclioly eyes." Upon convincing mj'self of this, I heaved a sigh uf relief, and laughing at my folly in thinkiug seriously of what must have been u. dreum, I joined iu the lively chatter tlmt was going uu around mo. That, evening I put on a. pretty white silk, with a bunch of scarlet berries ut my breast, aud rau down to the dmwitig-room boforo dinner, feeling woll pleased with myself. I was looking quite my best, and reflected with a satisfied smile that; at all ovonts my auut would have uo reason to be ashamed of her nicer. " Mj' dear Ccliu, you really look charm ing," was Auut Carry's grefctiug as I cntored. "Mr. Goring must tako you iu to dtimor, and sec that you are extremely nice to him." Mr. Goring, auutie? Who is ho?" .1- cried iu astonishment. Net one of that name: had.' lis far its I know, arrived that aftcrnoon, aud I could not think whom sho meant. ' But isit this moment my aunt had to attend to her duties as hostess, and dropping into the back ground, I stood watching our guests us tKcv; eamc pouring iu, .0110 after the other. But no one appeared whom I had not seen at' tea- time, and I decided that auutie had made a mistake iu tho name, aud meant quo of thu gentlcmou whom I had ulready mot. Quite satisfied with this explanation of hor words, I was talking to a lively 'youusr American lately arrived from Now York, when I heard my uncle say : " We are all assembled, Carry. I trust they will not keep us waiting for dinner." "No, no ; it is not time, dear. And Mr. Goring lias not como dowii yot; be arrived late." Another guest ! My hands trembled, und I lot my fun slip from my fingers. Mr. Barnes stooped to pick it up, and I looked quickly towards tlie door, ' which ut that iustaut opened to admit a tall, spare, und extremely refined -looking man. He. hurried' across to my auut, -with outstretched hand. . V I am so sorry, and apologise profunely," he suid in a clear, sweet voice. "But my train was late, uud I did not arrive till- after tho dressing- bell had i\mg. I trust you have not waited for me ?" " Not at all. You are in excellent time, Mr. Goring," said- my auut, smiling upon him. and from her manner I saw ut onco that this mail was ii. favourito. " Celiu. my dear, may I introduce you to Mr.' Goring?" 'she continued, drawing mo forward. " Mr, Goring— my niece, Miss Lindo." Ho bowed, and as I -looked up mid put niv' hand in his, my heart stooa still, nnd I . trembled nud grew; cold as death; -Iu the pale, "proud. face und, handsome, melancholy eyes, of Mr. Gerald Goring I felt suro I saw the man whom tho apparitiou predicted I should meet, and to whom sho had bogged mo to be kind. During dinner Mr. Goring did not prove a lively companion, and it was with u feeling of intonte rolibf that I roso up land followed the other ladies from tbo room. , j . That night I slept little. I was oxoitcd and ill til ease. - When I put out tho lights ''and 'got intoned I lay open-oyed-imd broathlesH, hoping, 'fearing, dreading that tlio1 apparition would again show itself at the foot ot my bed. .But it came not. s ... " PniliipS the.ro'om makes./i differenoo!" I said at last, " I liopeso." And I fell asleep. Noxfc day l Hcarboly saw Mr/ Goring, as ho fitnrted early, for the moors, and it was too dull und damp for tile ladies to join the Rhoot-: 'ing- party. 'iif liinohebul lu.tlio qyeningbo £id , fiot'sitfneaivmo uf diimbiviind', if s I vatbnqd him Surreptitiously from the far end of tho table, I noticed that ho spoko but soldom, uud "wiu4 absorbed' utul'prebccupicd.' l4Th0v m(in lms a. ud-Htory," il refleoted. "I'wpnflcriwliat It is? She said-she had dc- stroyed tiis bappines uud that' I '' ; ; ".ou.ure looking at , Goring, I seo,' ro- narked my, neighbour, "Mr. Burnob, '.'Isn't lo 'a. molanohply follow? I .wonder Vb&t;'s t»omWV?7 ' I stiirtcil nnd bluslied 'dcbpjy. I was airaoyod to bo caught- watching- onA of my! (unit's guests,- (uid ho man'a; words irHtntod mo.; . ...... , '"I guess lib's hot whut ' ono wduld' oall a ludy's mun," lie continued! "He wus quito' /lively ion.! thb moors, -but itho iraomout' ha approabliod the houso a cloud seemed to fall upon. Mm.' ' I -"Atithb tbouphts qf fueihg tho ladios P" . ' \- "Perhaps: , At qll ovoh'ts' iu'thb.lioustj Ho is ilen't,'.; depressed : out of doorb ' no is.quito good company. Have you known him lougP", ? Only /sinoo 'last ,n(ght/; ,;My upolo and. aunt mnao his acquaintance at Monto Carlo two' years ago. ' Tlioy sby! hp was' qiiito ditferbntdbpro."- .. i . (Th'on :»t .must/bo tlio my of this old.housb tini t 'diBiigi'ecs with him. Perhaps ho bus 8C0H ; q ghost.'" . : ( i; . .. ' i ./. "Akhpst!" ' " I sank'liaok with lilittlo ory. as hoforo mo seomod to riso the shadowy phuuto'm iuthe (White, (dinging dross;: and tho sad wail qf her -.v.oluo rang onoo mora injnqr ears. ; ! .1 i " I .destroyed his happiness. ,You must" ro-' -stgro ih. Bo kind— ho kind.", „ m : "You are ill, Misa Lindq., . Tuko a littlo winq. , The room is too hot, " oriodJMr. Biirucs, iu muoh distress. . ; . .' ..;':' v.;;, .: : ."No, .-.no; please: don't notioo ine,' or attract my aunt's attention,.,' It.is rothor hot, but it'is not'thafc I— — " J : '' " I hud no idea you wore so, nervous, jit was foolish of mo to talk about' ghosts, ;'tmd, > of oourso, it's all nonsense." ' '' "Oh, of,oourso," I cried, reoovoring iny, solf-possession. "It was uot— hut see, - my, aunt is going," und I- sprang gladly .to,:my foot. : ' The next day was one :bf briUlanf suhshitie' and hard frost so were tho three succeeding- diiys, and tlien the ioo'boing declared : strong onougli to bear, tlie youuger members of tho party sot off together to enjoy a- few hours' skating upou u iako, in a beautiful deinesuo< some miles away'. ' ' ' As. I seated myself to put ou ray skates, Mr; Goring suddenly uppearbd ut my side. < " Allow rao;'MissLiuao," ho said, smiling. Surprised lioyond measure, I gavo him. my ' skates, and I could eoureoly believe my 'eyes when ho weut down' upon one kneohoforoine,: and deftly fastened the straps. And when he! stood up again mid asked me to take : it - turn, .with him i-uund.the luko, I wus still more! astonished, mid 'very thankful .tlmt, having spent two winters in St. Moritz, I wiw by no; means a poor perfbrmor. j Mr. Goring. wus an oxoellont skater, aud as; wo skimmed lightly oyer tho ice, he unbent lis! ho hud never dono'bofore. He wusadoliglit-! ful enmpumou, and us I glanced at tho clean-' out, huudsomo fouturos, the pule,' blear skin,, tbo short ni'ltitoorutic lip. tuid uniniutcd in- toUigeiit fuco, I iiinrvelied more nnd more (it tlio gloom und depression from,, .which, ho usunlly suffered. ' j ' . i , ; After this, the days flew by in quick suc cession'. The fine trusty woather ooutinued, nnd wo sponc inost.of our timo on tlio ;ico. Visitors imino and .went at' Cleovo Hull, hiit Gerald Goring still lingored on amongst lis. : Ho talked frequently of going, but; was- always persuaded to prolong his visit by niv aunt and uncle, w.ho uppeured' to ,havo , con- eoived a strong affection for him. . And I V "When lie was near I was blissfully' happy ; when Uo wunderod from mysido and talked or walked witli anyone olso, I folt envious and dissiitisiicd. ' When he spoko of leaving us my soul was .iillod with; anguish. His smilo wus mora tii mo than auythiiig in tho world, its very rareness makiug it tlio more valuable. So tho days wore on, nnd on Christmas Evo somo of in- frionds and I wont off together to dccoruto the village church. " Muuy bunds make light work," uud iu u short timo our wreaths wevo htnig, our plants uud flowors urrunged to our satisfaction; mid wo wandered out of the church amongst the old moss-grown graves. . , Presently I dropped behind, and, uurcless of whore I cut, sunk down upon the grass besido ii .pretty white murblo monument, null almost liuconsciously I read the shout inscrip tion : 1 Sacred to tho Memory ' of Muriel, ' Aged Nineteen. " ' "Poor tiling; how young!" I sighed. " But perhaps, after nil, sho was saved "from it world of pain." A hand was laid upon my shoulder, and, looking up, I saw Gerald Goriug, white tuid agitated, standing before me. "Como nwuy," lie cried. "Oh, como away!" . , I l'oso at onus und followed liim out pf flip churchyard, uhd in silouco wo strolled away across the lonely moorland. "Miss Liudo,"'ho said ufter a time, "how wus it yyu came to sit near that grave?" ' " I cannot tell ; clumue, I suppose. .1 felt tired, and sat down without looking where." .."A dangerous thing, a niost dangerous thing to sit out of doors ut this time of year. But do you — have you ever hoard that .girl's history ?" . . . . ... . . ,/ "No ; I never saw'or'heard her! name till now." " Ten y oars ago," lio siiid, with embtiuii, "she and I wero engaged to.be murriod." I started round, uud looked with, eyas full uf pity into his pale, handsomo face, ; but I made uo remurk. "I loved Muriel passionately, 'devotedly," ho, ooutiuued. "She wus .very lovely, a .dainty little thing, with eves of the purest. blue, and hair like spun gold, growing all oror her pretty head in a myriad of tiny curls. But she was self- willed, and could uot hear to bo crossed iu tlio smallest thing. Her parents wore wealthy, und had all her life humoured hor smallest whim. Eight months of the your, they lived ut boitutiful Oleevo Hall ; the remaining time " " In Oleevo Hull ? Oh, Mr.. Goring, ! wus sho ono of tlio Leighs ?" Ho bowed hia head. " Mr. Leigh's only child. She was killed by a fall from hor horse before my very eyes.' ' " How terrible !" "Terrible,. indeed I Aud all tho more so whou (.no remembers that her death was caused by hor own folly and pervorsouess. ' Iu it fit of childish bravado she one day insisted upon jumping a fenee, .which .1 assured her was dangerously vired upon .the fur pido. " ' I cuu easily olckr if, !aud I will jtimp it,' sho cried, and away she went. Oh. God !" lio murmured, " how plainly I see it all— tho lovely pouting ' Bps, tho defiant' pose of tho goldon neiid us she flow past ine ou her spirited little innro ;' tlien the awful crash — tho sad hours Reside her us she liiy cold und dead Upoii tlio ground, whilst the groom went ill sohroh ' o.f it oiirfiugo in wltioh to convoy her back to the hall —tho last days — tho funoral— and my heart-broken departure from tbo old house'— from whioh I wont vowing never to return." , " Aud yot you camo, ' ' I whispered through my tours. ' Hq\V yon must huvo suffered !" "Suffered?" lie said, turningVuddorily and looking straight into my oyes. "Yos, at first." \-- lie paused ubruptlj-,- und, stooping, gathered npieqo oflicntliorftiid placed it in his. buttonhole; i 1 - " I mot your unole and aunt ajiroad, as I dare say tnoy .havp told you, .Miss Liudo, und wo hooiimo, fusj, fribhils. VTHoy know! nothing qfmy stpry, so jwh.bn, tliey took tlio hull, tlioy at onoo invited jno'to comb to, them. ., lfy first lrib|lhatibn . winb'to, £(tiiioi>T llesitated. Some, thing drew mo'to the'old (place,' und ..I cume, Iu tho hou,so I ,was d(ipredscd, niiseruble. The th'biiglit cif Muriobjiaiintod-inb.'. (I saw hqr ut overy turn,-' lind I resolved to ' go. But' go I could not,. Samethiiig .conipelled me" to stay. As th'c.duye nd'n£,un'...I'grow'riibro ,'poaeoful. In tito opo'p air— ;ivitli ybu,; talking to you My hdart 'heat tumultuonsly/ and I dared not raise my oyos.'| : " " 1 "I gradually booamo happier. A weight saemod. lifted. frpm.Tny . heart./ u,: WJion you wore near I forgot : past troublos, I, folt able ' to emllo— to'lttugh)., i'Beepied to grow young again. .' Old nfiotnories fudod, Things that used.' to, puiq (tnb' .did' sp (iio 'more. In thq boudoir bangs Muriel' q/ portrait, and I have looked at it without n 'papg. .. I " "Muriel! " Oh, tlierij! it was . she," I oriod, " whoVcamb '.'to', mo . and' told mo!- I- rcoogniscd her at "nnco whbn'T Sarf.jtbo per, trait." And I stammered out a fuil'-descripp tkmof tho apparition y tl».At( hud visited mo upon the night of. ray urrival atpledyo Hull; "How marvellous!" ho murinured, with ohanging colour and in' an awdstruok voicoj " Did you seo hor more! thhii oped ?" ' "No,! only onoo'.' "Arid T 'was '.nervous, ovor- wrought. Tho Bluo,.Ohamber ii big aud gloomy," v. "Thorooin iu 'whioh'thoy/lriid 'hor," he- covered bis fuooiwith hishauds,,'',»at the lust,'.' . , ipay jhttTe 'bden a ,dtfm!r-a — a finoy— -2" ' . ' (' ' . .'No;". he arifiwcrcd; 'soiemrily.!. ','You saw sweet 'Muriei— ;of thiit llurii convjriddd. Brit why. did sho como— to yoii'?'Did shb spoak?'.'. " Yes," .with..etimsoi!cd .pheoks./,'" SliorT. she told mb I should mcqt you — deirirjbed you 'adourhtoly.l' >'. : ( >'..'. ;'.;-':£ ' ' " How strung!1 Arid oh, OeUa, was that all?-"! . " No, sho told me to bo kind tq.yoh." .' ."'."Jiffy darling,' she wi shed to "ato'no. 1 ' Ho qaught my hands and lipid thom tightly, within hio own; , '! And yon J)aye helped her 'hy your kindness. But, oh! Coliti,' can you'; lovoino? Yon'' have heard my story, know how. I havo suffered; how my happiness was .wreokedoun youi-ufill you 'trust yourself to iu0?" , ... .' I raised iriy'hoiul and lbokittg up shyly into his fau'o. T'whikpbreS f". ' " " Yes; for I'lovo you, and long to see you. Iittpp3,.',' i!/ . civ '' : ( . . . , ." My Joycj.ciy vrifc, you shall," ho cried ; .and drawing, mo to Ills breast lio sealed his proniiso with a kiss; 