Notes. The ' Gentlewoman,' Imperial Christmas Number, '98, should have a rapid Bale. We have in it a number of brightly-written stories, with illustrations by Percy Spence, Arthur Streeton, B. E. Minns, and other well-known colonial artists. Ethel Turner contributes an interesting story entitled, 'The Black Ghost.' Tho Christmas Number of the ' Sketch '- is to hand, with two colored pictorial sup plements. All the stories will be road with interest by old and young, price Is. The numbers have been forwarded by Gordon and Gotch. ? , « ' m The 'Austral Light' for December is excellent. The ' Light ' is unquestionably the , only successful magazine ever founded in Australia. ? ? ? ' Brooks' Annual ' is quite a new vonturo in Syclnoy, and its form is not unliko somo of the Christmas numbors of somo of tho English illustrated papers. Tho reading maltor is locally written, and to a certain extent typical of our country. Tliovo aro contributions by Lawson, Daloy and Patter son, and some other worthy writers, and these sketches and pieces of verse pass an hour very pleasantly, coupled with the iuusT-r«/iiions uiac proiuseiy aciorn une pages. It should have a large sale, and wo hope to soe the little journal's second number in the shop windows next -Christmas. ? ? ? A look — and lo, our natures meet ! A word— our minds' mako one reply ! ? , A touch — our hearts have but ono beat 1 And, if wo walk together — why . Tho same thought guides our feet. Owen Meredith. */ ? ? The biography of. Mr. Parnell, upon which Mr. Barry O'Brien has been engaged for the past three years, is' now on the ovo of publication. Indeed, it had been hopod that tho work would have appeared on this yoar's anniversary of Mr. Parnell's death, but that proved impracticable ? ? * One of Justin McCarthy's best novels, ' The Comet of a Season,' was inspired by the beautiful presence in London of Nicholas Smith. He married Ida Greely, tho daugh ter of a once famous editor of New York, and he was known as ono of the handsomest men in the world. He was tall and straight, with flashing black eyes, brilliant teeth, and a sort of hero-like dash that went straight to the hearts of all women. ' A Pair of Blue Eyes,' one of Hardy's first and most charming novels, was said to have been sug gosted by one.of his own experiences. The announcement that John Morley has undertaken the arduous and responsible task of writing Mr. Gladstone's lifo, and dealing with his literary remains, will bo received everywhere with satisfaction, Whatever faults Honest John may have as a politician, no spanas aumiueaiy peerless as a train ea and impartial historian. His 'Life of Cob den' was an admirable piece of work, and since writing it both his intellect and equip ment have matured. Ho is in his prime now, and though, wealth of material at Hawarden alone must be prodigious, and will require the utmost care in revision and adroitness in ' boiling down,' it sooms to bo anticipated Mr. Morley may bring his book out within three, or at most four, years. Disraeli's biographer, according to report, is supposed, aftor a fruitless struggle, to have abandoned his task as too big or too delicate, But thon, Lord Rowton, though an able and benevolent man, is not a man of lottera ; and Lord Boaconsfiold'H 'remains' nvo probably of a more oxplosivo nature than Mi1. (Glad stone's. Whilst waiting for Mr. Morloy's monumental work readers may be glad to renew acquaintance with Mr. G. W. E. Rus sell's monograph on the Grand Old Man in the Queen's Prime Ministers' series. It has been brought up to date, and is a miniature biography of genuine merit. 