VISIT OF TBE BISHOP OF B1V8BINA. Hm Lordship arrived in Corowa onThun day afternoon, having been driven in fiom Uraaa by the Rev. 0. Davis, Re pro ceeded at oaee to the Vicarage, where he will remain the gueet of tho Rev. W C. Hoae daring his brief visit to the town. On 8anday morning 16 candidates pre - seated themselves for confirmation— 12 young ladies anil 4 youths ; and st 12 o'doek the rite of Holy Communion waa celebrated. There wu a Tory (Ull attend ance. At the evening amice there was again a large coagregatiOo, every available scat in xne capacious caoren being filled ; in fact, aome could not find sitting acoommo- . datioo. The service wee full choral. The vicar, the Rev. Wn, Clarke Hose, read - the lemon sad His Lordship Dr. Ander son preached an Impressive sermon, taking for ma text Hebrews XII., part of the I4ib veias " HoUnesa, without which no man shall see the Lord." The preacher prefaced hla remarks by referring to the met that bollasee was one of the blueings attributed to those called the sons of Goo. St, John had raid it was a privilege lo see God. and Jssua Christ had described tuA Privileges to them, but they were told they mut be rare In heart if they wished to seeGod. When men and women said they were free from tin thev knew not the 8cripture«, and be thought they same far short of the righteousness God exported of them. Hid they experienced a vWon of Godl They could see Him In Hia righteousQere and holiaem at work —not in solution— but as a personal God. In history every page manifested God. He ruled all things, ruled nations, and would rule to the and, When a nation disobeyed God's laws it lost favour with Hlra, Uad If they looked between the linen in history they could see It amply demon strated. Because nations had forgotten three laws they had been disgraced and had given place to holier nations. They eoqIdgetiTisloaofGodin this way ; and if they read alio between thelinsaof in cidents in their own Uvea it would work out the same. But then again came the quretion— What were the conditions they had to fulfil T The Scriptures told them that the pure in heart snail sse God. A vision, must be seen by the inner con- sdenco of man-a spiritual vision. The ptyect u mystified. If the org 4n is diseased it amid not perform its duty. The organ of spiritual vision was the heart. Hod It not been ordained thus there would only be a vision for a few or no vision of Goa for many of tbem. But God had ordered it otherwise. Intelligence had been given them to remove obstacles, and certain conditions were exacted from tbem. They couM never understand the Father, Son and Holy Ghost being Three lo One. ' They would never fathom that, and con sequently they were urrouoded by mys tery. It was absurd for any man to eay he could not believe In God. They were forced to do it. Ask a thoughtful man— any man in fact— if ho ever expects to fathom the nnbrv of llfr. Thv rnnM take moat liviog matter, analyse them, and tell you tho component parte; but thev could never hope to solve the mystery of life. 8oeh would ever remain a mys tery, and there waa no justification in the areament of infidels who said they did not believe U God. Intelligence prepared the way. for each of them to do their part, Little children at their mothmVkneee, tor lastanre, were bring prepared. They mutt be pure in heart if they wished to see God. What was meant by this! It meant that a man or women must be sin cere. without adulteration, without wrong motives ; a man who does not speak from mixed motlvea and one also free from taint Purity meant holinesa and they ' must ba holy if they desired to obtain a knowledge of God. They could not hope for a virion of God otherwises. Were they to seek for evidences as to what had been done in order to refute the statement of isfidebf If they did the infidel might still saythat be couMnot see God. There most bo foom for doubt and there iwould alwayibeamjBtery. Iftheydidnotfolfil the eotlqwlrtddbwa there could be no yislodpf God. Bocae thought the Scripture hanhihotigifastiaing as afoolthomao who - eaye"tiwwiiBoGod,''batitwiaqQitefair to eobrind a pdrsoo who could apeak in that manner without knowing what bo . , aid. ,A man might profere to know all about astronomy aid criticise statements made by astronomer. But in 'order -to ' qualify himself to discuss the subject he would require to bo convenantwltb the- spectroscope, chemistry. &c;« The aslron- uuisr wouiu tan . (nrac. rtgat 10 qaes< (ion Mr critic, tad if .Rar finding out - that b, knew nothing about tit, dbjKt upon which h. wu talking, th, form., would ha., right lo tail th. Ultcr a fool. Bo with religion, and thojr had u right ta call » man a fool who nogtectad : the condition ofknowlodg, of th.rubjoct, 1 It wu moutarjr for all to h. riuMN ; to belim in tho IrnowMg. of Ood poMMinl, or whnmight happen f Unleu the; were sincere about it—u; their Bret leuon at .. their mother1, knu— and followrf it ur there wu a danger of them luing it. They were at th. mere; of Infidels If they v w«. hot otnng; because they were not tinoere. , It thnr wen ted to find out whit the Bomani utl Gredin. wn. they hrt only to turn up bbiory.' They could only uudantaud God by th. attribute of their ownhesita. A man with knowledge could understand hollneu ud comprehead the terms Judge and Muter, but if deformed in hurt what attribute would he find. A man U for Hit 1 thie world what idea would ho hare of Godf A men who could not tudentasd a loving act per formed by hia own brother or sister would attribute aome mo tire If heaaW another doing a good action. How could' the hop Tor inch a mu lo undcratand Godf. .God ie lore and gare Hla only begotten Son to die for th.m ; but wenld each n man u he had depleted die for anyone els.1 Her they fine; it la Im- thbrel for one to earner for another ; they ooold net understand It— It wu beyond tbem. 8ach men had onhedy heatta. and there oould be no vision of God for uiem. Hie Lotdehlp remloded hla hearers'that R wu the erenlog of Adrent Buodey, n time which might prompt the derotlonal to reflect upoh the second coming of - Ohriat..,.Tbnr ahould all auk to rid themaelru 'of unholy thought and be - juat and ainoar Wilbln ; .becauw if they were not perfect they only made a carica ture of God. If they could not eee God tnChriit and in Nature they were not pan In heart j bat if they mlfiUed the oonditlou there would be a rition of God. fPL.M M V J laL. Aaa. L.wla. ..... I ' A liejr IMIM MM »HV UlOU IWTUIJI r|Utl opportoaltisc. One ooald aso and the othsr could sot The reason wu- that . altbo' oa an svep footing on had Ail- filled tbs conditions and the other had neglected to do so. D waa just the earns ia their Universlttoa : conditions of know ledge had to be fulfilled.- The preacher - exhorted hla hearers to be pare snd holy t and thus obtain a vision of God. The dieoourtewas of a most etirring nature, ami His'Lordihip was listened to with rapt attention, Throughout, the sermon was nioely illustrated to bring out the various points, and It was, Indeed, in intellectual treat . Durinv .'the service the choir rendered tho anthem "Seek Ye the Lord" and during the offertory Mies Gierke sang "Angels ever bright and fair." 