A Ghost Story. In my veiy early days (over 60 years ago) my life waa spent in the midst of abounding superstition, and I wub oftentimes made to see ghosts where there were none. At last an experience crucified more than half of the existing phanloui3 and brought rest to my troubled mind. lhe place was in Greenock, Renfrewshire. The house we lived iu was one of those old-fashioned double houses, a small one and a larger. My father and mother lived ia the smaller house. The larger one was occupied by an old soldier (an invalid) and * his maiden sister— the same who built the Mariners' Asylum at the west end of Greenock. The ol 1 soldier was cared for under the direction of his sister by a man who was believed to be a professional nurse. When the old soldier died suddenly it was quietly whispered that there was a mystery attend ing the death, and that the professional nurse (who was remembered in the will) could reveal a tale which would send him as lnph as Hainan. The larger house thus became empty, and continued so for a long time. My father having charge of the house so long as it was empty, availed himself of the use of one of the rooms upstair? , and laid out various kinds of apples and pears to ripeu. One lonely dark night mother sat by the cradle in the kitchen waiting the return of my father, who had undertaken some special work, and was out that night until 12 o'clock. Tbe clock kept harmony with my mother's knitting. The very quietness began to make her feel eerie, and she eagerly sought to catch the sounds of the loug-wished-for returning foot steps. In the midst of the stillneis mother thought she heard a souud, and listening made out a tap, tap, tap at irregular intervals, coming from some part of the big bouse. She began to wish father was home. The irregular tapping continued. Pluckicg up a little courage, mother rose and stepped to waids a door that communicated with a larger ' house. She opened it, but for what purpose si e could not very well expla'n afterwards. Then, how ever, concluding that ' discretion was the better part of valour,' she locked the door and- returned to her seat by the cradle. It was near 12 o'clock when she heard father's footsteps. He was not long in the house when mother CDnfronted him with the statement that the old soldier's ghost was in the big houee that night. After a comprehensible explanation father lighted a candle, took a Etick in his hand, and followed by a daring Scotch terrier, he passed through the door mother had locked and proceeded to search the houEe. He w»int upstairs and through every room. He searched even to one old room in the garret, where were stowed away old momentoes of the wars — old coats of mail, old helmets, old swords, and such things as might belong to an old soldier — but no where could he find a body, a shadow, or any cause adequate to praduce the effect described bv mother. He then descended the stair with his candle, the ter rier following him. At the foot of tbe stair wau a square hall, from which the other rooms were en tered. TheEe rooms were searched with a like re sult. From this ball access was also had to tbe kitchen in which was the door of entry. Toac c jmplieh this there were three steps from the square hall referred to. When my father had reached the bottom of the three steps he noticed something ly ing on the floor in a corner. Stooping down he lifted the something. It proved to be a large pear, and it presented to my fathers mind a solution of the whole mystery. As I have said, my father had used one of the empty rooms upstairs to lay cut some fruit to ripeu. A rat bad found its way jipstairs, and go ing into tbe fruit room, selected a pear and made off for his abiding place at the door of the kitchen. Ia coming to the head of the stair the pear slipped in m his mouth and dropped, probably one or two steps lunniotr, producing the tap-tap referred to. Some times the pear would stop rolling, when the thief would agam pick it up with a similar result, the pear dropping from his teeth. This continued until the three steps were reached, when tbe three taps were made remembered by my mother. The pilfering rodent made a last effort and got the pear to the hole, which was too small to admit rt. That hole was stopped up and the old soldier's ghost vanished. Had an investigation and discovery not been made this story would have been added to the long lut of Eupernaturals. — ' Scottish American.' 