Murder will out, THE MISSING SHEPHERD. \- t[By G. B. Barton in Australasian.) ?During the lively times of 1854, a shepherd on the 'Tea-tree Station,' on Lake Koran g'amite, was missed. He was an Englishman, named Thomas Brookhouse ; rather a small, . spare man, nearly 50 years old, with a very noticeable cast of feature. No one who spoke to him could fail to observe his projecting jaw, and the difficulty he sometimes had in holding his short clay pipe in his mouth when he smoked, owing to the loss of a tooth on each side or the upper jaw. The manner of his walk, too, was peculiar, being that of a man who always turned his toes in. For a shepherd he was particularly attentive to his 'get-up,' which usually consisted of a blue woollen shirt over a cotton striped one, corduroy trousers, a silk handkerchief, tied in a sailor's knot, round his neck, and laced boots, worn higher up on the leg than usual. On cold rainy days he donned a sou'- wester, arid a pilot coat, relics of the time when he ' - was a sailor. His hut was kept very tidy, and he had no companions but his dog, which was always at his heels. ^ A shepherd of that time, who took so much care of himself, was not likely to give way to drink, even when he got his cheque ; and no one about Colac ever saw Tom Brook-, house much the worse for it. Nor was it likely that such a man would neglect his sheep. Tom was noted for his care of them. Ha had a flock of fattening wethers in his oharge ; and happening to miss some on several occasions he spoke to the- shepherds on a neighbouring run about them, asking if they had got into their flocks. While talking with one of these men, named Sharp, -he said that he suspected the sheep had been killed by another shepherd on the Tea-tree run — Paddy Geary, who lived with his wife and three children about a mile and a half away. Tom did not relish the idea of being called to account for sheep that somebody else had made away with. Having made up his mind to watch Geary, 1 he went up to Geary's hut one evening and \- found him skinning a sheep. Seeing that it waa one of his flock, he taxed Geary with having taken that and other sheep which had been missed from time to time, and be woundup by saying, 'Geary, if you don't leave off this I'll see you sweat for it. ' Then he weut into the hut, sat by the fire, and began smoking. Brookhouse and Geary had been some years on the run together, and had got on fairly well with each other, never hav ing had any serious quarrel. Little suspect ing the mingled rage and fear his words had caused in Paddy's mind, he sat smoking, until he was felled by a blow from the back of an axe on the right side of his head. It fractured the skull, and he fell dead. He was then struck twice on the left side of the head and once on the chest. Alarmed at the consequences of his own -mad act, Geary thought to conceal the crime by burning the body ; but, changing his mind, he called to his wife, Margaret, who had rushed out of the hut in horror at what she had seen, and told her to bring him a bag. When she had brought one he pub the body in, then saddled and bridled his horse, and told her to lift, the bag up to him, so that he might put it before him on the saddle. Then he rode away till he came to a large stoey rise, about a mile and a half from his hut. Dismounting there, he removed the stones and earth lying on the surface for a space large enough to make a grave, placed the bag and body in the hole, and covered ' them over with stones sufficiently, as he thought, to prevent their being seen by any one passing by. There was riot much chance of. strangers making their appearance on the run then ; if one were seen in the course of two or three months his arrival was considered quite an event. Next day Tom Brookhouse's flock, being left to themselves, broke up into mobs and gob scattered. The first person to notice them was Sharp., Wondering what could be the matter, he went over to Tom's hut to' sea if \he was there, but there was no trace of Tom. The breakfast things were on the table — a tin teapot, an earthenware basin, a knife, and half a loaf of bread. Everything looked as if he had just gone out for the day. His dog was there, and when Sharp went up to the door it howled and ran away. While Sharp was looking about the place Geary appeared, and said he had been to the hut for some mutton, but Tom was not in ; he had gone to Colac a day or two ago, and was pro bably drinking. 'I am putting his sheep ? together,' he added. This seemed auoh a haturarexplanatiou that Sharp was satisfied. Bub as Tom did not turn up next day his absence was reported to his employer, Mr. Hugh Murray, who sent information to Ser jeant Leek, at Colac. A short inquiry satis fied Leek that the missing man had not been near any of the publiehousea, so, taking a constable with him, he rode out to tho station. They carefully scrutinised Tom's hut for n . clue, but nothing could bo found. The ser proant and his man thon rode to Geary's. When they wore within thirty yards they got off their horses, and Leok, leaving them in charge of the constable, walked up to tho hut. Mrs. Geary was there, and after somo talk with her he turned to go. As he onmo but ho met her husband and exchanged good .morning with him. Geary went in, while Leek went round to the back. A minute or two after nurds Leek heard the couple inside talking in angry tones. Mrs. Geary cried out, ' Oh, Paddy, you murdering wretch ; you ought to be hanged!' Thinking that he had got a clue here, the sergeant went round to the front, where he found Geary at the door* Going in, he asked the wife why she used such language ? ' Oh, bad luck to him,'* she replied, ' he's always angry - I don't know what to do with him.' Then she broke out into an Irish song. After a while Leek said good-bye, and rode away. He had some idea in his mind as to what had become of Tom, but at that stage mere suspicion could not count for much. His professional instinct told him that the first stop was to find the body, and until that was done it was bad policy to say anything. It was quite possible that Tom had ' bolted.' It was nob unusual for men of his class to leave the service without giving notice. The news of Brookhouse's strange disap pearance formed the subject of eager specu lation. Opinion Was divided, some holding that he had gone oft on his own accord, as Geary always said ; and others that he had been put away, by someone who had a grudge against him. Among the men who thought this was a shepherd named Wilson, em ployed on a neighboring run. who knew Tom well. A day or two before Tom was missing he had passed by Wilson's hut, and stopped for a chat. He said he had just come from Colac, and waa going home ; and having brought two bottles of grog with him, he asked Wilson and his wife to have a nip. They went in for the purpose, and during their conversation he spoke about Geary killing his sheep. He said nothing that led them to suppose he had any intention of leaving the station. Three or four days after this meeting Geary rode up to Wilson's hut, and, seeing him at the door, said, ''Good day,' to which Wilson replied, ' Well, Paddy, have you heard anything of old Tom?' 'Begad, I have not,' he said ; whereupon Wilson remarked sharply, 'You boggar, you murdered him.' Ceary changed color, but made no answer, and rode off. Among the people who joined in the search was John Lamont, sheep farmer, who was staying with Mr. Murray. He knew Tom well, having seen him pretty often on the run. He rode out to the Warrion Hills, and it was late in the evening when he returned ; he called at Geary's, and passed the night there. The conversation naturally turned on the one topic, but the gist of it might be summed up in two lines*/ 'Geary, I wonder what has become of Brookhouse ?' To which the reply was, 'I think he has left this part of the country.' Local opinion gradually settled down' to the conclusion that Tom had gone off to another part of the country. A fresh shep herd was taken on in his place, and became tenant of the hut, and owner of the dog, which had, as the men said, gone howling about the run ' like a wild blackfellow.' The Gearys remained for some months, much suspected, and quarrelling moro than ever. Paddy then left, giving due notice, and get ting his cheque ; but when he went he did not take Mrs. Geary with him, and the talk was that he had deserted her. Mrs. Wilson, having a mind to take Geary's hut, went over to have a gossip with Mrs. Geary about it. *' Why are you leaving, Mrs. Geary ?' she asked. . 'I can't stop in it any longer, Mrs. -Wilson, and I wouldn't, advise you to live in it either.' ? ' Why not ? What's wrong with it ?' 'Well, to tell you the truth, I think it is haunted. Can't sleep a wink in it.' 'Oh, nonsense, Mrs. Geary ; ghosts wouldn't onrhe to such a place as this.' ' Wouldn't they 1 That's all you know about it.' Changing the topic, Mrs Wilson asked, ' Why did Paddy leave you ?' 'The murdering vagabond; I could hang him if I liked !' Mrs. Wilson shared her husband's suspicions, but, feeling that she stood on delicate ground, she did not press the subject, and went her way; After Geary's departure there was nothing left to remind people of Tom, and the question of his fate came to lose interest even among those who had known him best. Geary went to live at Colac, where he remained long enough to become well known. He did not live with his wife' ; she went with her children —two girls and a boy — to one of her friends. Geary, after he left Colac, roamed about. Towards the end of 1868, or 14 years after the disappearance of Brookhouse, he went to Piney Range, 35 miles from Albury, on a run belonging to Patrick Murphy. He gave his name as John Geary. There he met an old chum, Tom Lynch, who had known him at Limerick, in the old country, and afterwards in Tasmania, where both were assigned servants. One day Lynch happened to hear Murphy speak of Geary as John, and in the evening when they were smoking in Geary's hut, he said, ' ' Pat, what's your reason for changing your name ?' Their old acquaintance made Geary a good deal more confidential than he would have been with a stranger, and, be sides that, lags of the olden time usually regarded it as a point of honour not to betray confidenco. They were in the habit of boast ing about the crimes they had had committed, rather liking to paint themselves as desperate and abandonod villains. Under tho influonce of old associations, Geary proceeded to un bosom himself, relating the murdor of the shepherd exactly as it took pluce, and the manner in whioh he had disposed of the body. Lynch advised him to keep his secret more carefully, or he would get into trouble. Geary, so far from taking the advice, told the same story to his employer, Murphy, who thought the story a yarn. Towards the end of August, 1869, a stone mason named Ball was employed by Mr. Andrew Murray— whose brother Hugh was then dead— to build stone walls on the Tea tree run, nob far from the site of Gearv's hut, which had been knocked dbwn. He had a boy of 13 with him, a stepson, who amused himself by chasing the rabbits that showed themselves amongst' the grass and scrub. One rabbit happening to fun into a heap of stones on a large rise, he followed it, and having marked the place, he began to throw off the loose stones from the top. He had not thrown many away before he saw a number of bones, and picking up a skull, he called out to his stepfather to 'come and look at the bones.' Ball came up at once, and after he had examined them and placed the skull exactly where it had been found, he proceeded to the home station and in formed Mr. Murray. A messenger was promptly sent to the police station at Colac. Mounted -constable Killen was despatched. Leek had left tho force, and become a farmer. Accompanied by Mr. Murray, Killen examined the remains, and collected all he could find. The body had been placed on its right side, and covered with stones. The uppermost bones had been moved about, but the rest had not been touched, having been covered by large atones. They found a knife, a necktie tied in a sailor's knot, a broken piece of a pipe, a bib of strap, and shreds of light material, like the remains of a bag. The bones were taken into Colac. The coroner, Dr. Thomas Rae, submitted them to Dr. Hood, of the same town, and to Dr. Edward Barker, of Melbourne. At the in quest held in September the doctors agreed that they were the bones of a white man, 5ft. 6in. in height, of slight build, past middle age, who haa been dead 10 to 20 years, and that his death had be«n caused by fracture of the skull. There wore several fractures, evidently made by three blows at the same time, one more severe than the others. On putting the broken pieces of the skull together, it appeared that the deceased had a projecting jaw, two teeth in the lower jaw- bone were wanting, and had been so before his death. Part of the breast-bone and a rib-boue had been broken at or about the same time that the skull was broken. The fractures had been made with an instru ment having a flab surface, suoh as the back of an axe. The leg-bones, which were unin jured, showed that the deceased was either knock-kneed or walked »vith his toes in, Fragments of clothing found with the bones were examined under a microscope, and taken to be the remains of a sou'-wesber and pilot ooat. This evidence left no doubt that the re mains were those of the missing shepherd . The jury, after hearing all the evidence, brought in a verdict of wilful murder against Patrick Geary, whose whereabouts was then unknown. ., I The inquiries of the police mighfa have . proved unavailing but for the newspapers. I The report of the inquest was paragraphed by most of the Victorian journals, and one, i the Advocate, chanced bo catch Murphy's eye. j He was instantly reminded by what he read ; q( the conversation he had had with John ! Geary twelve or fourteen months previously. Geary was still on the run. It now struck Murphy that there was a good deal more in Geary's yarn than he had suspected. Next time he met the man he told him what he had read. The news seemed to upset Geary, but he said nothing, and went off to his hut. Next morning Geary presented himself at the home station, and asked to see Murphy. .At this time he had a claim.for wages, and also for the price of a horse and cart, amounting altogether to over £120. Supposing that Geary had come to talk about his money, Murphy walked out with him until Geary stopped short, and said, ' Mr. Murphy, I want you to do me a nood turn.' At the same time he put bis hand in his pocket, and drew out a pocket book. ' I expect to be taken every day, and for fear that anything should happen to me, I want you to look after my son.' Murphy replied — 'Geary, I will have nothing to do with you or your book. I should recom mend you to go ia to Father McAlroy at Albury ; he is a holy man, and he will be the best to advise you. I will lend you a horse for the purpose.' Geary seemed excessively disappointed. He said that he would see the priest, and soon after he rode away to Albury. On his return next day he asked for a settlement of his claim. Murphy gave him two bills for £50 each for the balance. When the second bill became due it was not met at the b' ak, so Greary Bued for the money, and also for the amount of a note of hand he had received for the horae and cart at the time they were sold. Their prise had been included in the bills, but Murphy had forgobten to get back the note of hand. Thinking that Geary would not go on with the action, he took no steps to defend it, and suffered judgmout to go by default. -'A lawyer's letter dennmdingimiuodiate payment annoyed him so much that ho said, 'I will pub Geary in gaol for murdor.' Ho kept his word by giving information to tho -Albury police, whioh led to Geary's arrest. This waa in February, 1871. Geary waa remanded to Colac in Maroh. While in charge he told the police that Murphy owed him over £100, and thab that was tho cause of his getting up the case against him. When he was search ied a letter was found on him signed 'Margaret Geary,'' Written from ' Happy Valley, Ballarat, and dated July 16, 1869. Mrs. Geary was soon traced, - '?'. arrested and brought tip with her husband at XUolao. When Dr.' Hood had the skull in his hands, and was explaining the fraoturefej thB woolan got excited and cried oubj **tjeary, ydii murdered poor old Tom. I put him before you on the saddle. Toutf ? ' 'worships, I helped to put him on the saddle _ ? . to save my own life.' Geary contented him- ? . ; self with saying, 'The woman's delirious; don't mind what she says.' -,.' ^ They were committed for trial at the . Criminal Sessions in Melbourne. The case came on in November before Judge Pohlman (then an acting Supreme Court judge). Mr. Travers Adamson conducted the prosecution, ' v while Mr. Hiokman Molesworth appeared for Geary and Mr. Sirr for the wife, who was indicted as an accessory after the fact. Counsel made the best defence possible, but; Geary's own admission, added to the circum sanbial evidence, were too much for him. Buc for those admissions, the judge said, in passing sentence, the jury would have found the case difficult to deal with, the identifies- - ? tion of the body not being positive. When Judge Pohlman pronounced the final words, I ' May the Lord have mercy on your soul !' ? Geary was heard to say, 'Amen ; this is the last of poor Patrick.' He was executed in December. The wife was acquitted. 