BRIDGET'S CHRISTMAS DREAM, II V ALGERNON GISSING, (Author of 'The Scholar of Bygate,' &c.;) December had been wild and wet until St. Thomas's Day, but then the air changed and the wind settled in the north-east with a promise of more seasonable weather. '1 lie frost did not set in immediately, but t lie surface of the land dried under the cold breath which swept over it. and Brid get, who had been watching the heavens, was glad, for she could begin her work. She was a girl of resource and indepen dence, and young though she was she rented an allotment from the rector, and. what is more, tilled and planted it herself, 'l'lie digging took her a long time so she had to begin early, especially as she had to provide against interruption from snow. It \\\:is heavy land ami if tinned up in good time the frost and snow would finish il oil' for her. but if they forestalled her ivervt hing would be thrown back. So I hristmas Kve found Bridget digging. As the twilight came on the girl stopped \'iuk and leaning on the handle of the ft.-lk slve, looked about her. No other figure v.!\s U) tfct seen on. all lhat broad expanse of field : no sound was to be heard. It wns duskiviX than she had thought. The plaihtiye'.twitter of the chaffinches and larksv thf.'.chattcr of the fieldfares, the MU-Ale. uf cTu» clouds of starlings, had all 'tfi'a-cd. TJKre was only the loneliness and g-mn --(-«! et of winter nightfall. Having glunced at it all. Bridget let down her -kirts. gathered tip her things and getting U the footpath trudged oil' homewards. My a small whitewashed cottage with a black roof of thatch, which stood apart at the bottom of the village. Bridget stood for some seconds before entering. There was no light in the window and no sound came from within. She felt for the key in the thatch oxer the door, but didn't find it : then trying the latch, to her as tonishment it opened. It was all dark inside. and nobody answered when she called. As -lie threw her bag to the floor it fell without sound, although the stones were uncovered, so Mridgct thrust her foot forward and encountered something. She had come home more than usually thought ful, and at tin- all her soul recoiled. ' l-'ather !' -he muttered, but there was no response. Turning abruptly the girl left, the cottage. Out into tlie twilight she went again, shuddering at what was nevertheless quite a familar experience to her. To-day she had been more than usually thoughtful. The gloomy nightfall sustained her mood. Hearing some footstep's on the road, Bridget turned through the gale into ihe cherry orchard to avoid being seen. In passing the farmhouse at tlie end, a bedroom light drew her attention and as tlie blind was tip she stopped io look. She could onl\ -ee a shadow on the ceiling, so in order to see more she scrambled up into a cherry tree. This clVecied 'her purpose, and making her-elf comfortable on a branch -he lay us on a sofa to watch what went on within. Mefore a looking-glass was a tiivl -it' about her own nge. doing her hair. From the pose and movement of the anus it was evident that the unsus pecting beauty was pleased with the figure -he displayed. 'I he sight put Bridget into a -tale of agitation. It thrust upon her ;i comparison of her own life and her own beauty wiih that which she could see in there. A sudden vanity hinted to her that if she. were, brushed and dressed like that she would be far more beautiful than any of them. Discontent, until that mo ment, Bridget had not known. Now the thought of all that was denied her in the world rushed in and turned her all at once from a girl into an envious, discontented woman. She dropped down the tree and hurried away. ' Is that you, Bridget ?' said a voice to her as she stepped into the road. ' How late you be ! Will you come to the Tithe Barn to-night ? They begin at nine.' ' Who begin ?' said Bridget absently. ' Why. it is Master Coombes's dance, of course. Won't you come and look at them like we did last year ?'' ' Xo,' was the blunt response. 'Then don't.'' cried the other girl, and ran of!' singing. Yes, that was it. Bridget had forgotten about the dance, so little did it concern her own life, and so lightly had it touched even her curiosity. It was for that that Nancy Lvle was dressing — more than three hours before the time. With the thought all Bridget's frame quivered. Why should not -she too be dressing and combing her hair which was so thick and soft, quite as lovely as theirs. She raised her hands to feel it. Why couldn't she have one night's holiday and enjoyment — one single oppor tunity of displaying to the utmost all the radiant beauty which she had so suddenly become convinced that she possessed 1 A great wave no.: of discontent only but of ambition swept over her. A sense of rower sprung- up and she felt a mad long ing to give it sway. She leaned on a pate for a minute or two, then moved swiftly and silently nway. With a Mranire pnpetuosiiy in her steps Bridget went half way up the village, and after on? instant - hesitation knocked at a door. She heard heavy steps on the floor inside and :i man himself opened to her. ' I'll let you have the bags o' wheat and the potatoes, Master Ingles, if you'll pay me now.'' ' What be the c-art now, Bridget ?' said the other laughing. ' Come inside. I thought you'd come to. But your father sold me the 'tatoes this afternoon.' The givls filer i!n?hel in the lamplight, and in her voice tcav$ und yiiger seemed to mingle. ' You knew they're not his to sell,' she cried excitedly. ' I dug the land ; I bought the seed, and I sowed 'em ; I hoed and earthed 'em ; and — and I dug 'em all up inys.eli. You'd no right to buy 'em of! Jan- , when — when — you know what he'd -](- wi^'i the money.' 'That bo true enough, Bridget,' re turned the ether not unkindly; 'but he s;; id if 1 wouldn't buy them somebody else would, so 1 took 'ein just to save 'em, do you seC -- ^,1(j j on\y paj^ ]jjm j,a]f an(j told him to come for the rest to-morrow. I was ((lining down to give it to you in stead in Mini as I'd done my tea.' Bridget's face brightened a' little. There would l,c enough. ' And will you Lake the wheat at what you said '?'' Th'j man agreed, and from a leathern bag took out five sovereigns and some small (hange, which he put on the table. Thj girl ciuW-h.-d it eagerly, and without paying any heed to inquiries, left the house .is abrupt h as she had entered it. In the darkness, as she pressed the coins tightly in lur hand, her resolution seemed to waver. The thougliL J'a?hed through her ijiind that tl- was the last i.f the produce ofr her Ml of lard, that it repre sented the gi eater part of her food thruiirhout the year, that henceforth she sl-ould ln--c to buy both bread and pota toes. But *he hurled the thought away. Come what might, for this one night in the year -he would have a holiday. She would foUcw +he mad impulse that urged her onw.mU and for one nionic?it snatch from the u--rJ«i what she felt (o be her dim and v hich slut had so r-uddenlv dis coiered t-- ha ??« been hitherto denied her. Tut uhhovgl, the money was in lev hand, her diflu-i'lties were not yet over. What if 1,'avi'l lJea?d was out '? f.-J:e ought to hue i's-kul the i,se of Master Jngles's cart as part, of the Ifn'gain. Sue saw the mis take now. But the minutes were Hying, so she Inn ried to David's door. It \vas a cottage small as !:er own, but David was a thrifty yoimg follow and possessed a prny uirt in which he took i, uit pud mar ket i-R'dtieo to the station four miles away. '1 fie youth cried out with de'ipht when l-e iccogriised the face of his 'isitcr, but Mridget damped him. Ha stared iv amaze inent ;it 1 e:- suggestion. Let her drive .ilono to Wllhlridge at that tune of night! It wasn't likely— but if she a,--ke-? him to take hei— Bridget turned away. ' Then 1 shall have to get another. I must -:o alone.' ' lleie, Iriflget !' said tho yciith step ping nut. Ji 1 lend you tlf«s cart will you let me finis]; the digging and plant the beans lor you '!'' AViti'oiiv. a thought but her immediate purpose, the girl instantly agieed. In a minute or twt the pony was put in, the lamp light* d ant' David stooo1 in dumb wojicJciuicJif watching the rlerarlnig flash and listening to the wheels until they had turned the coiner. She was a rum girl ? ind -'o mistake, as he iiad frequently had occasion to remark before, but now as also on former occasions he concluded with the decision that there was ne'er another in the j-arish like her. It was upwards of four miles toWith biidge, the market town, and Bridget urged the pony to its utmost speed. Still it was fully halx-an-hour before she jot there. Tho glaring lights of the shops and the t-1 range aspect of the town daunted her. She fancied that everybody was star ing at her and talking of her strange er rand. So she passed on right through the Iligh-ttreet, and out to the hedges beyond. But then she grudged the minu tes she had lost and returned quickly. Without &nj; pause she drove into the 3rard of the Beehive, and left her cart. When Bridget stepped into tho strong flare of a shop ner face inevitably excited attention. It was undoubtedly beautiful to begin with, and impressed as it was with a nervous look of resolution, it waa raised to an extraordinary degree of dis tinctton. A young lady assistant came forward, and eyed her critically while ask ing whnt she might do for her. '?' Can you dre;t me for a ball — now at once 1' asked Bridget in a low, quick tonej .md blushing ever her -whole face at the suiilc. she wnv rising. 'Well, I don't — yes, I dare say — oh, Miss ? ' And the assistant turned to talk with another, and botli eyed Bridget criti cally. '1 can pay you now,' said she, thinking that it was perhaps that which made them hesitate. After further conversation Bridget waa taken to a room upstairs, and the question of her transformation was seriously dis cussed. When the first constraint was re moved, Bridget talked frankly, and soon aroused the keenest interest in her atten dants. In spite of the rough exterior they saw the natural beauty of the figure within and the artist spirit awoke in them. They entered into the project with zeal. There was a beautiful frock, only returned as a misfit that day, which one of them de eUvred would be just the thing. Whilst it was being fetched, Bridget was taken to a dressing-room, where she washed ami ihei. ;if;iwl tit submit her luxuriant lair to tli- disinterested eiitliusiusin of the drci-sinn;. i-r. Uridjret hail allowed an hour and a-half for Witidnid'.e. hut in an hour only the transfomation was complete. Through most of it the fjirl took scarcely any con si inns |.ai I. Whe-i her eyes fell on the mirror ml in any sense di-! she there be liold ImimIi'. She' behold beauty there, hut it wa- 1 1 v«.-iled as an ali.-tract thin«\ a Ihin;.' ot 'j.u 'y and power. Tlie two ^cner \--i;-i t;iils -\ ho had helped to work thematic clap| f I then hands with delight, and one even | rc--ci ilriil'. -. tr le. breast vehe im-siily. ' Womb rt'ul. wnnderliil '.' -die cried. *? Yon will uiil-hmc them all. It i- like n-: o!d ..ilc.' A- lirid'^et returned, the iikuiii had lnoLclt tile i |iili(K and lonkeil down solcmnh mi the dis-ky landscape. I'.ul --vei: without that li.Lrli1 -be would have found tlie -- cue Iran-formed. A siran^e ulevv ?vv;-s in her heart, which communicated i- self to r\ ciythii'ii anini'.l. Ii wa- noetVoi1! now to -ii-tain her new character. \\\i:|i lier altercil exterior :i l'ie-h spirit had been liorn in her. and she was only ca^er to | - 1 1 1 it in ] lav . I ler lir-t '. icnioi of in. VciM:i- ; I.--'- a- -lie drew I ! ? ?- 1 r to l):ivid' -ottii^e. She Lint down and approached ii sib-nily i ?. et tlie i;va— that lay in t'lun*. A shadow pissed over the blind of the limited v, Ti'dow. and liridnel's heart wis in her i:iouth. but -Ibe next minute the ]ii-n\ wa- -tandiiiL! -;ill and a slight knock si muled op the cottage door. It «.p- him1 imiiicdiatclv. and the li^lit Ik, in tin ??'oorwa v tell ui'' t be carl . 'Well, here you I e. I !ridj---t . I reviv iboiiubl The moon wa- iu-t nb-iiircd. and cnniimj ? ut of tlie l.mnliiiht Pavid cmld not at l':r-1 -co vcrv di-t iii'-tl \ . Hut di-eerniiiii no liuiii'. he 'checked himself and looked i'l'ont. lie walked round the cart and uttered Uridiret's name There wa- no reply. Tior as the moon bnr-t out could the man vee anything of w hat he was in -carch. 'Ibe irirl wa- not there. Mnl terinn1 as toni-bed di-an|ioiiitnicnt. David unyoked the ',ony and led it away. llrii'i.i'1 i\ . ? Hitting like a jrhosl nuiud the shadow of hiiili wall-. There were viii-es :in the LMeell. -o -he tinned olV il :inothe: (jicition. llavinir passed throimh a irate ami -',.— eil ( luiii-h Hc-i'. the I'lcit steeped -rooted building of the Tithe I'arn loomed before her. Thnuifih a Cothic win dow at the west end a lijrlit ap]ieare(l. dirily rcvcalinvr the -hafts and tlie upper Inwcry. Hi'idtrel came im!ii.''diii1ely below Ibis- and stood in the shadow of a buttress 1- look about. She could see nobody, nor t/ii (ids side wcie any sounds to bo hoard so she crept onwaid- keeping clo-e to Un building'. The yrcat door- wcie closed, not r.llowinir a ray of 1 i l: 1 » t thr.iiijih any chink. The L'irl flit her fan- to the himjes. to 4h ? central fold : all was dark. Within, no tiling was -tirrin^. So -he crcn( on In ?what seenicd a church porch, and here fur ther nr.-j.Te-s was barred. The front of' 1 ? i ? ? porch was prolonged ri^lit up to the firm hon-e bv me. in- of a canvas cnvcrcd wa\\. lirid^'et was out of the moonlight -o she stopped a '.rain. Then hiuriedlv -he (Iiiiil! ofT the dark ?ranneiii in which -he had 1 oeti vv rapped changed her -hoe- lem-ned her hat. and made the other changes in which -ho bad been 'P-1 in. led in i !??- twinkling of an eye. \Ylien -he had cere ted her bundle in a corner of the wall, -he knelt by the canvas, raised it a few inches, and put her ear to listen. She lifted the eanva- -(ill hijjher. -training and wrinkl iPL ii. This made an opening of two feet, and Iii_'hf. «\vcpt down tec ci im-i.n pathway inside. The next iiiiini'iil Ilridjret was ii- the ]iorch. The scone displayed astonished her. From the cheerless nijjht she ha-l stepped into a ?warm fairy irrotto. On one hand stretched an endless vista of shrubs and Mowers : on the other an enchanted hall of vast dimen sions, draped and festooned with Mays, curtains, and evergreens, illuminated with numberless lamps and candles li\ed or lian-riu;r from ever\ point that could hold them. Her frame ijiiivercd with a thrill ol ec-ta-y. Steppiii!' --autiou-l\ forward to the threshold -he ]ieercd around that nia^ic ]ilace. Thei-e wa- no -oimd or inovemeiit. nobody to lie -ecu. Her spirit ro-e ;md swelled wilhiil her. .lust about to -fep forward -he -larteil at an apparition by her side. It was oniv after several seconds' Elision- -tare that Hrid«et realised that it was the reflection of her new self in a mirror. Slio had never been oppressed by mai-lenly vanity until to-ni'jbl. so that -he cciild scjireely conceive liow lo\e|\ licwa Tlle figure there revealed to her -eemed that of a i|ncen. To prove ii real -h-- touched the hair on her riyhl temple to loo-ell it ami the n-llect inn eorrc-polided. Then a. ^low of ileli-rht o\ei-incad lirid ^-t'- face and ncck.il' pn— i 1 -!«? In- iuhieniii'j i the beantv. lint the ne\t in-tant -he ;rave a more \iolent -tart and turned deadly pale. In aUYi-iM -he (i\e,| her e\cs on a vajrue vision f,f baml--mio features, n jet black coat and «nowv bn-a«t which ap peared in tlie -rlnss beside herself, lint the {.drl could neither move nor speak. ' Who are you ':' said a voice ju-t be hind, in a tone of too frank wonder to admit of ceremony. Still Itridpet stood spopchle— . fn-.inatpd by tlie eyes 1hrou«rh the {.da— into which she stared. She fplt both her arm- taken gently from behind. Powerless, -he re signed herself to the superior force, becom ing only dimly sensible of her head nnd shoulders being drawn gently backwards. of a deep thrilling kiss being printed on her lips, and of her own eyes resting for an instant on the mistletoe overhead. Then she was raised up again. She rouldn't hear, or didn'! undei stand what was said to her. but she fell all was right. It was (he realisation of her dream, so she gave herself up to the wonderful illusion. Tlie prince, ghost, demon, or whatever it was that had captured her. seemed as en chanted as she. with the diU'ercnce of being able to give voice to his wonderment. He burst at once into vivacious personal talk, lavished compliments, adoration, upon his ii known prize: implored her name, just : one name by which lie might call her. by which he might for ever think and dream of her. As an uncompromising name Brid ge! at la-t uave him ' Kmily.' -lust as she bad uttered il the -mind of voices and j laughter, and of musical instruments being i 1\. niched and sounded, came tloaling along that brilliant crim-on pathway, and in a, moment Bridget wa- whirled into fresh -line- ol' -plcndoiu ami enchantment. Hut it wa- Bridget no longer. She rode on -nine wild dream, and a invsterioiis power of abandonment sustained her. She | pa— id ainoiiL'-l the throng. ' Ine alter; another eved her and wondend. All ton- | ?jiie- asked : none could answer. Amid-t all the beaut v there a--clllh!etl she knew that -he wa acknowledged t|iieen. It wa ller rightful triumph. - Morions a- were I he admiration and homage, yet Bridget 's niode-ty and reserve formed the topic of all. One face only in all the glittering throng did -he turn from, and that wa ihe one of which the lips had kis-ed her. Of iho-e eye- nnlv was she con-ciou-^ ,ii«d -l'e l.inu that thi'V were upon hy^^jiji, tanlly. They had established ;/ pTOtec 1 icii over her : seemed to shine 4ipfi luw oath : to smooth every wrinkle : lu^uake 1'cr triumph supreme. In the whh^r^f the diillce they were mii-t frequent ly . 'Kt^de her : thev -ought her ill every lnonirij^^Sf idea-... ' Yet Biidgei shrank from 1b-H^ was afraid of them. They altered wholly the nature of her dream. ? luce whin -lie thought -he had escaped, when the longing for a moment's solitude ? ipire--id her. -he lied down the crimson j 'alb like sunlight on a hillside. She en- | teied the liist room she came to and was ? ?oiifronlcd bv a lignrc lovclv as herself, she -food daunted and timidly stared. The other stared, and once more Bridget saw thai it wa- but a reliction of herself. The gleeful laughter was again in her eyes, and -he drew nearer to gaze into them, to l'iix-h her arms, her neck. She put her j fi.ee elc-e to the 'lass to kiss it. then | started back. This time she was caught in a warm pa-sionate embrace. '(ill. mv i|Ucen. inv beauiv ! . . your n:'i'c. darling -your name '.'' Hlusliing from bis victorious, imperious l-is--es. Bridget released herself, but let him 1i-:m1 her to ;i conch. They sat side bv -iih-. and he gazed at her with one hand under hi- chin, the other upon her linked f|i|.. -ITS. ' You are mine, f have found yon and I claim yon for my own. Tell nobody else your name, but inc. me only.' She made no answer, but he fell her hands miner, and he thought her face i turned paler than it was. Tenderly ami ( pa— iiniiitelv he urged his suit, thinking j -he listened. Pre- entlv -he looked him , fcarh— ly in the face 1 he lir-l time she had , done so ami her lieauiv thrilled him. ! ' I never thought of this. 1- 1 can'! j lell von now. You have been very kind lo mo. lnit Bridget's (onfu-ion was apparent, a ml I (he mai- con-trued it with timorous do- ! 'iuht. The vivaciiv which hnd supported her -o lopo -eemed 1-» be deserting her. No. no. forgive me.' cried he. ' Tt is too -o,,n. I.ei ii- go hack. They will miss! v on.' ' I ' You go. T.et me rest a little.'' lie got. up. bul. paused. Then in a throe of passion ho dropped on ono knee before her and placed both his hands on hers. .Ml her colour came 1o her face. 'You don't ' He -topped and looked ai her. Bridge! leaned forward and kissed hig forehead, whi-poring. 'Co.' And lie went iliimediiilcly. But with that kiss the spell was broken. Her dream had ended and she was awake. She had achieved her triumph and her .-?liiliitioit wa- , ? ,,.ed. Xay. so niuoh i'ore than appeased ; ,,f tllis sW ,1;ul not dieamed. Ihr.mgh all Hie agitation, there 'lXi'~ 'A ''?'H 'I ee-Uisv unknown to her in ?ill her lite before. \,,, one day's holiday '?ad -ho gaine.l merely, no! a. momentary 1 ? lit iiit»1i. but ;i whole world. Love like tin- -he bad never lii-aul or even read of Whil-t it dii/ed an. I frightened, it also aioii-ed a new faenlt v in Bridge!. It was i a iev-lati.,n. But in looking at il -1 ? row ! 'lore afraid, and at 1m-( ,.,m. illl(j Z\n]e lioin (he room. A- her lover had su-pected. l?rid'et?s I re-cnee was missed. He himself relnrned i -o tin atmosphere of jocularity and -pocii- : lnlion. Hi- «i-ter imnie-]iii(cly seized him. l-'red. you havn't ? ' ' F have. Elsie.' ' l'.ut here !' she whispered. 'T have found out who she is.' And she whispered : something Mill lower, and they were swept I away in different directions. ' I Vigilant as vva« his eve. lie could not see Uridget re-enter. Others came and went, but s,, long ;l- she was awav. for . him the glorv of the dance was c\lin guished. The jocos*. inquiries of friend becsnno oppressive : his own heart a blank. Tl was half an hour and she had not re turned. Ho re-traversed the crimson path j way, rigid with alarm. That door was ajar.: oilier voices issued from the room, rncoreinoniously lie entered, and was con fronted by three middle-aged ladies. 'There' he is!' Hut already In- was far away. The clouds had blended and over all the earth was a sprinkling of new fallen snow. Lale as it was tlie screened moon threw u light upon the village, and the sound of voices rose from the green as well as the thud of ii loot ball as it was kicked or as :il bounced from the ground. Bridget -tood behind a wall lo listen. Then she put her foot in a chink and looked over. The players were some way oil', so she climbed il. and hurried home on tlie shaded -ide of the' road. Never before had she so approached that home. The shame and degradation of it no longer existed, for a few hours had worked a revolution in Bridget's mind, ami between her and this a great gulf was lixed. (Juile another strength now was sustaining her and from her present alti tude -he could look down with cominiera tion upon ii meaner world. There was a light in the window anil I he girl paused. She was wrapped up again as she had been on her return from Witlihri.lge. but her linery was scarcely hidden. If her father but an impulsive boldness swept over her and -he raised the latch and entered. Inside she stood face 1o face with David Beard, who had ri-cn from his chair. Bridget's brow cm traded. ?;;.). have -taved because ] thought I !-;t)ijljiriHJp you.' -liimmercd the youth. ?: 114-Jp '-*iie ! . . . I don't waul your help. 'Winy business have you to come j nl o my housv like this V' There wus ;i^i angry dignity in the girl, coupled wilii « change in her features ?wj.iich astonished David. The cloak too Oyij'ivway from Bridget's throat, ami re pealed the- neck and dress beneath it. which added still more to the man's bewilder ment . ' I'.ul do \ on know whiU's happened '.'' he muttered, pointing to the floor, 'llrid- ;.!ct -tinted and turned pale as she stared at a heap covered with a tablecloth which she bad no( noticed before. 'Well, that's nothing fresh.' she said. ' But Bridget, he be dead.' returned David ?solemnly, and for an in-tan! they stared at each other. '' Dead or alive. I doifl want your help. 1 onvc me alone ! ( lo out !' In her confii-ion Hridgel was beside her self, and -aid more lo him which David did not stay to I ? r. When ll». cottage door was closed she drew the cloth back and leaned down to -litre at the ligure on the floor. She was no! seized by any conscious emotion a( Hie sight, and stood upright. Just as she had done so there was a tap at the door and it opened. All her frame nuivered. and lurning round she fared her unknown lover, that wondrous figure which had transformed the very world. He «1ood speechless, his eyes lo Ihe floor. 'T am free T nni free !' cried Bridget. 'Now T can loll you who T am.' And she flung herself into his arms. To sup port her he pnl his urn is around her. bill Hridgel 1 hough! of bis olher embrace and shrank away. P.ul she returned immedi alelv. 'Take me away from here !'' she went on inipcliion-ly. 'Now you see from what you have saved me. Until T saw \ou T never know what the world was. j nor what love vns. T never 'knew that T could be loved like lhat. What ean T ever do !o ? ' Tiul she ceased abruptly and gazed at him. 'Tt's all a mistake,' muttered Oie oilier, the first, words he had snoken. '1 am verv sorry— T hnd no idea that you — is lhat voiir father ?' Slnidderin.T with horror he turned away, buttoning1 his overeont over hi« even in cr attire, for in his pursuit he had not thought of it before. 'You had betler send for Ihe doctor ' These were bis last words and. dazed as she was. TSridcrot knew that he had gone ffono eternally. Tt was some minutes be fore she ronld find fhe relief of (ears But when Ihey mine she went lomr' and pnssionn ely She searedv hnd eon^einus '«'«. -nt a dull sense of onlonst helnles* '7 1'l.(1. *'P™1 nnd chilled her heart extm-rn,sl,Imr ,,y nno pW-nV '? now- born glory Mhioh h.d so suddenly it m her nafh Rhp onlv lcnpw f}lnf s] V ' lul :- « a1' ''-''^ was impenetrably 'l.n K -no ray from any -iuarlor. Wion tho door na-nj,, nvonO(] TVi.W d-d not look un. did no! porhnps hear 'it The first (hine of which «ho w, nw-n o WVibl ^nobody vvas lonchin., n, J ^nkingto her. Then sho board' o Ho ^''eos Jn Hie room and she fviod lo lie-Pn tin i od (bo voipp in hor P(1I, ,- Wo W'l-nflorrdH1lk Jl',1 bo bolter fnr;,'' , ° ro( -1lP «loelor. and Mrs. Luck'II be 'f'l-o in n minute or two.' Tn move l,',fiPSS indifferenee the -Hr1 al owed borself to 11P Trd away. TTalinl ooftat ^ ^ DaV1'(1 reU'™* to l,e'r For somp tin.o afL-rvvards Bridget was 'II- All hPr spirit hnd loft her atid a M-rnnirP apathy sapp.,1 nil hor life. She did not inquire what hnd haptiened : shp did not even attend to what Mrs. Treed related. At limes when alone she realised that her holiday was over, that the work aday world lav in front ; then .she would weep. One brilliant inoiuiiig of the April fol lowing. Bridget was on her allotment hoe ing the weeds which were growing vigor ously belwei'ii the rows of beans. Olher workers were dotted about the. various patches into which the «jr«it level field was divided, but lo these. Bridget gave no eye. When she paused to straighten her hack, and rest on the handle of her im plement, she looked upwards to listen to the rippling of Ihe skylarks of which the air was full, and as it were to bathe her mind in the glorious sunlight which was restoring all the world lo life. Since the -now had all gone Bridget too was altered. V strange momentary nightmare which had once a Heeled her had passed, and she was again awake to the (piiet routine of work which had hitherto regulated her life. But she saw it with another eye, found it in a fuller meaning. From a girl she had now indeed grown into a woman. In her one night's holiday -ho had learned 'lime th.ui she had ever done a! school. Through all (he morning hours she worked as-iduou-ly. l.ut towards mid-day lie withdrew lo 1 lie narrow strip of grass which parted her laud from the adjoining piei-e. iind there -at down to her lunch. As -lie ate. her eve- went In the ground, rest ing on a dandelion hlo-s.nn at her feet. Nor were they raised as another ligure approached and took a place at her side. Il was a regular occurrence, -o did not surprise her. For some time both con tinned eating in silence. 'Will von lei me finish the hoeing ?' -aid one at la-t. David had begun with Ibis -|ticsijiiu every day -inc.- Bridget had bee i' .il work, and had a- regularly ac cepted the blunt negative. Hul to-day he glanced sidevvay- as he --afd ft. in a pecu liar way iis if he 1 bought -he looked dif ferent. 'I hen Bridget turned her eve- full upon him. and burst inlo a laugh. ' Ves. David, you may if you want to. Mut you'll want some wage- ami f*ve none lo give.' 'Ay. Bridge!, you've go! all f want . if you'll give 'em.' '' You hi woiib a deal more.' -aid she. -lipping her hand sideways to his. 'Hut I'll give you them.' And so the bargain was concluded. Before Jiarve-t David had added RH-T S'et's allotment permanently to his own. and as he cut. bis wife bound Ihe hoan« up after him. The End. 