Obituary. Mrs. A. Ritchie. A very useful worker and member of the Albury cir cuit has been called to her reward. Mrs. Bitchie was connected with the church for a number of years. Her illness was of short duration. Until within a few days of her death it was not thought that her illness was- serious. On the 3rd inst., the Eev. M. Maddern preached her funeral sermon to a large congregation She had naturally, as many good people have, a dread of death. But when she knew that she must die she was reconciled to God's will In the last day of her life she spoke much of God's goodness and of her conscious joy in his mercy. She asked those around her bedside to sing the grand old hymn that has piloted many a saint over the troubled waters of death to the abundant entrance into the everlasting Kingdom. ' Eock of Ages, cleft for me, etc.' That song was her dying testimony to the triumphs of redeeming grace. Ou this sure rock her feet stood firmly. Christ was her only, her best, her last, and her all sufficient hope. We have missed a good worker in the church in Mrs. Ritchie. For many years she took a pride in attending to the letting of the seats in this church and collecting of seat rents. She did the work conscientiously and well and without fee or reward. It was a great joy to her when a new pew was let. She took an honest pride in every evidence of prosperity in the church Bhe loved so well. Her attention to the duties of her office entailed many self sacrifices and personal. discomforts, but she worked with an unflaggiug zeal, and felt a pardonable pride that she was able to do something to help the Master's cause. And now she is enjoying the reward and the Master's 'Well done, good and faithful servant.' M. M. The late Mr. James Hey James wood of Luskintyre Lochin Hey wood, var, has reoently been taken from our midst, to the deep regret of many of his friends. He had endeared himself to all who knew him by his kindly disposition and the evident fruit unto holiness which his every day life rather than any loud profession displayed. While Mr. Heywood was essentially modest he was firm to his Christian principles, loyal to his Master, and thus adorning the doctrines, he daily declared to the world that he belonged to Jesus. He was a strict observer of the Lord's Day and trained his goodly family in the nurture and admoni tion of the Lord : and the fruit of this to-day is, his children are following in their father's footsteps in serving the Lord. Two of his sons actively employed as local preachers, one being, also, class-leader and circuit steward. Mr. Heywood was born at Zoal Monachorum, Devon, England in the year 1826. He was converted to God at the age of fifteen and was from the beginning of his spiritual life actively employed as prayer leader. He came with his family to New South Wales in 1856, and immediately 'joined himself to the disciples.' In 1879 his name was placed on the West Maitland plan as a local preacher. He was scrupulously exact in attending to his appointments, and 'being full of faith and of the Holy Ghost,' having a strong desire to save men's souls and to strengthen the faith of the saints, he was more than acceptable. The savoxir of his pulpit services is still fragrant in the circuit. He was moreover a successful class-leader and was able to meet his class up to the last week of his life. On his death bed his demeanour was calm and hie faith firm as a rock, and as his life had been a life of faith on the Son of God, so he passed away from the midst of his sorrowing family, ?? and never saw death ' on the 30th May, 1898, at the age of 72. Eosa Harrison was born Rosa on April 26th, 1865, Harrison, at Fernmount, Bellinger Eiver, and during her early childhood, with regular services an impossibility, was often rendered thoughtiul as she listened to sermons read or addresses given on the Sabbath day by a godly man of business, who ' held the fort ' until communication with the Mac leay Eiyer and visits from its ministers became practicable. Being of a retiring disposition she hesitated to speak of the workings of God's Spirit in her soul, and in consequence failed to gain that conscious ness of God's forgiving love without which no soul can rest ; and it was not until August 9th, 1888, that after hearing a sermon preached on 'Behold the Man,' she retired to her room and there fought out the conflict which can only have one ending to the earnest seeker, and God's own peace shone into her soul. From that point she never looked back, and though always shrinking from any appearance of pushing herself forward, her testimony in conversation with the young hearts which welcomed her as an elder sister, and in the quiet restful trust of her loving homelife, she bore a witness, of which one writes in testimony: ' She reminded me in her life more of the Christianity of Christ than did anyone I ever met.' No gossip ever took its rise from the parsonage where she reigned as mistress, and her birthday verse Prov. xxxi. 26, written on her coffin lid, described her life — ' In her tongue was the law of kindness.' The days when death drew near were in keeping with her- self- forgetful life. Her main thought seemed to be to save trouble to those who hung upon her every look to anticipate her want's while if an attempt to ease her pain served to distress her she would say how eorry Bhe was to have to tell us so. No word of complaint concerning herself passed her lips, and she stepped into the river — dark to us but not to her — with a smile of mingled farewell and greeting. Even the physical fear of death whioh seems to linger long in tha minds of some dying saints was lifted from her, and when she was asked, ' Have you any fear of death now ? ' she replied on each occasion : ' How can I fear ? My Saviour is with me.' And when speech had fled and her husband asked, ' Is Jesus with you now ? ' her own sweet smile would light her face, mingling with the glory of the world to come. And as she left us, the shadow gathered round us, but the light was hers for evermore. 