ITEMS OF NEWS. Public meetings for the purpose of enlighten ing electors on the Commonwealth Bill have been arranged to take place within the Shire of Mount Alexander, as follow : — At Campbell s Creek on Wednesday next, the speakers being Sir William Zeal, the Hon. W. H. Embling, and Mr J. W. M'Cay ; at Guildford on Thursday next — speakers, tbe Hon. W. H. Enroling and Messrs M'Cay and Williams ; at Fryerstown, on Saturday, 28th inst. — speakers, Sir William Zeal, tbe Hon. W. H. Embling, and Mr M'Cay. Unhappily, the typhoid scourge has claimed many victims in various parts of the colony during the past few montlts. In Castlemaine, the epidemic has not prevailed to a very large extent, and. most fortunately, the fatalities have been very few indeed — only two deaths having, we believe, occurred- from the malady in the borough this season. The latest victim is Mr Henry W. Irwin, son of Mrs Irwin, of "Kirk- hill," Lyttleton-street west, and brother of Mr S. Irwin, senior operator in the local Telegraph Office. The deceased was a fine young fellow, 20 years of age, and had been pursuing his studies to qualify himself for a doctor, and had almost completed tbe course. He had passed his examinations very successfully, and a few weeks ago, whilst in Melbourne, he became ill. He at once returned to Castlemaine, and Dr Maxwell was called in, and prescribed for the patient, who gradually developed symptoms of typhoid. A trained nurse was engaged, and everything possible was done for the restoration of the de ceased ; but death took place yesterday morn ing. Much sympathy is felt for the bereaved relatives. The funeral takes place to-day, the cortege moving for the Malmsbury Cemetery at 12 o'clock. On Tuesday night the Rev D. Morris de livered a lecture on "The Early Life of D. L. Moody," the great evangelist, at the Rechabite Hall. The attendance was somewhat affected by the weather, and the Mayor was unable to preside, owing to indisposition. The 'Daylesford Herald' says: — "Major M'Cay was speaking at the Federation meeting in the Town Hall on Monday night, and was proving one of his arguments, when Dr Embling, who had just arrived by the train, walked up through the body of the hall towards the platform. The doctor was greeted with ap plause. The speaker caused much laughter by remarking — " In comes the Upper House, and spoils me in the middle of a peroration !" Accounts await payment at the Treasuiy for the following : — G. Pullan, Gas Co., B. Cole man, J. Knoblock, J. Cranstoun, W. Penney, J. Williamson, A. Best. The Treasurer gives a denial to the statement published in the ' Argus' that the Government intended to borrow locally during the next three years L2, 250, 000 for expenditure on public works. Sir George Turner adds that at the present he does not know what money he will require to carry out the Government scheme of public works, and until the whole of the details are complete he will not deal with ways and means. Mr Kent, the Secretary for Railways, is of opinion that Federation means an increase in the number of railway employes, and an increase in their emolument and status. At Malmsbury on Sunday an inch of rain fell in six hours. The fill in Victoria has generally been the heaviest in the Wimmera and on towards the South Australian border. It has been decided to alter tbe uniform for members of the Bendigo Militia Club from- long trousers to white knickerbockers and navy blue stockings ! The Eaglehawk Borough Council has accepted tenders amounting to £200 for an earthwork for a new cycling track in Canterbury-park. In view of the general union of the Methodist churches, the Wesleyans and the Bible Christians of Cobden have resolved to unite at once. Hence there will he one denomination less in Cobden. The annual show of the Royal Agricultural Society is this year, and in future, to extend over five days instead of four as in the past, this decision having been come to by. the Committee on Tuesday. This year the show will open on Tuesday, August 30th, and close on the follow ing Saturday. A London syndicate is negotiating for the purchase of the Ballarat Electric Supply Com pany's property, and the City Council has been approached with a view to securing its co-opera tion in obtaining an extension of the company's lease. The syndicate has paid L1000 into a Melbourne hank as a proof of hona-fides, and it is stated that the capitalists are prepared to expend upwards of 1.20,000 in laying under ground wires, and effecting general improvements to the service. The shipments of gold from Melbourne yester day by the Orizaba amount to L40,000, of which L35.000 is shipped hv the National Bank of Australasia, and L5000 by the Orient S.S. Co. From Sydney she takes L50.000, shipped by the London Bank of Australia. Over 100 unfortunate women from the neigh borhood of Little Bourke, Exhibition and Little Lonsdale-streets, who were gathered together by the beating of drums and blowing of cornets through the bye-ways and alleys of that quarter of the city, were on Tuesday night entertained by the Salvation Army at Dr Singleton's hall, in Little Bourke-street. A hot supper, with tea, coffee and cocoa, was provided, and was evidently lfeenly appreciated by numbers of po'irly clad people, who sought shelter from the cold and heavy rain of the night. A number of "Army "hymns were' sung, and pinernato- graphe views shown, The first annual meeting of the local Cycling Club takes place to-night in the Town Hall. Mr B. Q. Richards, a well-known mine manager, at Ballarat, who has been incapaci tated from work for a long time owing to an abscess on his liver, on Tuesday, in walking through the city, found a cheque for L40, drawn in favor of a person in good circumstances. Mr Richards searched for the loser of the cheque aud met him in Lydiard-street, almost frantic over his loss. On being handed the cheque he presented the finder with 2s as a reward for his honesty. Although in poor circumstances owing to his long illness, Mr Richards intends attach ing the coin to his watch chain as a reminder of " what may happen to a man in golden Bal larat." Typhoid esses are slightly on the decrease, ac cording to the fortnightly return presented to the Public Health Board, though still showing an enormous increase on last- year's returns for a similar period. The total number of cases in the last- fortnight was 445, with 34 deaths as against 550, and 42 deaths, for the preceding fortnight, and 152 cases with 11 deaths, in the corresponding period last year. Diphtheria shows a slight decrease, and scarlet fever a slight increase in the last fortnight. A fire is reported as having occurred at Lands- borough, near Stawell, on Tuesday night, in the course of which the stabling and outbuildings of Ranson's Shamrock Hotel were burned to the ground. Ten horses, including three racehorses, a quantity of harness, Cobb and Go's, coach, and other vehicles, were saved. A sate containing some Government money, which was removed from the Mining Registrar's Office, close by, into the street, for safety, was taken away, and broken open, and about L15 stolen. Dr W. J. Gray, of Elmore, and Sergeant- Major Ross, were out shooting birds on Tues day. In getting through a fence the doctor's gun went off, and the charge entered just about the right hip, causing a fearful wound. He was brought to his residence, hut expired. Deceased, who was only 30 years of age, was married re cently. News has been received in Perth from Wynd- ham stating that Mr Hall, one of the members of the Anglican mission to the aborigines, in the Forrest River district, has been speared in the forearm by natives. His injuries are stated to be serious. Four or five spears were thrown, but the other members of the mission escaped unhurt. The sale of the Jubilee issue of postage stamps has resulted in the funds of the Melbourne Hospital profiting to the extent of L367 10s lid. The outbreak of cholera amongst the natives of the Loyalty Islands and the existence of Asiatic cholera in British New Guinea have led to the issue of instructions by the Chairman of the Board of Public Health for the careful ex amination of all vessels arriving at the port of Melbourne from any of the ports of the affected islands. The National Mortgage and Agency Company of Dunedin have sold 31,000 bushels of wheat to Messrs Evans and Co., for 5s per bushel (sacks extra), at country railway stations. Avoca has a ghost. No mere fancy, but a ghastly gassy ghost. It moves about in dark places, frightening women into fits. Local scientists have determined to resolve it into a dew. They think it is phosphorescent gas. Sir George Turner regards the possession of the Philippine Islands by America as being safe enough from our point of view ; but if they were sold, it might be to some unfriendly nation, and if they were to pass out of the .American con trol at all he would prefer to see them taken over bj- the British Government. He has telegraphed to the other colonial Governments asking them to co-operate in bringing the interests of Australasia before the notice of the Imperial authorities. AtNortbam, near Perth, on Tuesday, Mr J. H. Mathews, contractor, was riding towards the railway station on a bicycle when he was run down by an infuriated bullock, and sustained such injuries that he had to be taken to the hos pital. His bicycle was broken up. The little girl Hilda Williamson, who was bitten by a venomous insect at Kangaroo Flat a few days ago, expired on Monday night. Dr James certified that the cause of death was failure of tbe heart's action consequent on the bite of a poisonous insect. Uncle Sim and bis attitude towards Spain, as described by himself : — "Not the warrior, i-niffiug the battle with eager nostrils and v.inly imagining tint there is glory in carnage, and vainly Sieking tbe babble reputaion in the cannon's mouth ; but the judge, sad and stern, merciful and just, regretful yet resolute, drawing on the black cap, and pronouncing sentence upon the convicted assassin, who has forfeited the right to live," 