Christian Endeavour Notes [Specially Contributed.] fAll communications to be addressed "Superintendent of the Pr»ss Department,™ CE. Offices. Secretaries of Societies and District Unions and • Va P e , r intenderits of Departments are '""fited vited to te SSSj.^T' P 0 . 4 > t ® r t . h^." oon OD ^esday. ^ *'" ta fa " d if l ° teiI , we are almost on the verge < of our winter campaign with evangelistic effort. It ia a matter of great rejoicing that the Churches throughout the colony are in the majority of cases making strenuous efforts for the extension of the Master's Kingdom. Our ex- President, the Rev. Joseph Berrv, made some tell- Y A l ^ T ^ e t l ^ i B ^ l l ^ ^ to behoped, and we pray God it maybe realized, that in these winter months the members and adherents of the Ghurohes will be more ifully awakened to Christ's interest in them and to their evidences "of following Christ, so that a great work may be accomplished. We are confident that tiie power of the Holy Ghost has not ceased to exist. It has not waned or lessened. Hundreds, however, have been trading on a past feeling. May each Endeavonrer be fitted for service. Pray, pray, pray! Watch, watoh, watch! Wait, wait, wait! We must wait mnolt on God. We must rely altogether on the work of His Spint. Let no prayer be uttered in the ' coming week without the prayer that the people in the Churches may be prepared for an outpouring of tho Spirit. Let the hearts and minds of all proessing Christians be emptied of the world and filled with the Spirit. The promise of the Holy Ghost was to all. The promise of the Holy Ghost is to aU. B«ader, Have you received the Holy Ghost? Oh, Endeavourera, seek for the power, and when the winter ?h«U have passed, ana the spring shall appear clothed in her garlands of flowers accompanied by the sweet melody and music of. tho feathered songsters, there shall be all the signs of the spiritual spring in our hearts when, with glad notes and bright facet, we shall be raising God for Hia goodness and the display of Hib powers in new hearts, new lives, and new creatures passed from the winter of their ives into the eternal spring of heaven. Our good-citizenship work ia progressing well. It is now nearing the time when«acR ndeavourer will hare to vote for righteousess* sake. See that your name ib on the.roll; ee that the members'names are on . the roll. he Church is awakening to her interest in the tate. The State in the near future will take ore interest in the Church.' Let there be no istake as to the call of duty. Professed Christian women, will not this election stand on tlie aide of unrighteousness? The garments of Christ can touch the profiigate, the drunkard, the gambler, the seducer, and make men and women of them. Christ was and is * shelter for them. God forbid that Christian organizations should make pals, friends, and. comrades of those opposed to purity,' sobriety, and honesty. The Yorke's Peninsula Union held their rally on the 16th, 17th, and 18th insts. Welcome rains fell in conjunction with spiritual showers. The President of "As S.A. Union addressed at Moonta and Kadina, and conducted three services on the - Sunday. A revival ismuch needed. The Endeavourera are praying and working for it. May tiie Lord abundantly bless. , ' Flinders-street Baptist held a moat successful rally on Tuesday. Their work is not only in foreign missions but by the doors of'the Church. It was a great joy to listen to their much-loved and earnest Secretary reading the reports. They were full of blessed labours for the Lord. The Eastern Suburban Union are still ..progressing with their evangelistio work on each Sunday evening in the Norwood Town HalL May God abundantly bless their' efforts. The West Torrens Union are the first to arrange as a Union a special week of evangelistic work. The President of the S.A. Union will conduct the services. He is now holding a week's evangelistic effort at Carrondown. He will begin a fortnight's services at Archer* street shortly. Let us all pray and world "Thy Kingdom come" is a prsyer tvhioh is useless, unleBS the individusl mil labour to help the Kingdom on. Useful Huns. The following is copied from ths minutes of Conveners' meeti: gin a country Society:— The new committee lists were given out on Sunday morning, and in the afternoon ths conveners met to talk over their work, knowing that the amount of work done by the Society'- depends a great deal on the conveners. After prayer, it was suggested that committee meetings be held at least every four or six weeks regularly (never longer without one), and that the first be held within a fortnight if possible. A sub-convener to be appointed at the first meeting who will do duty if the convener is away from home or ill. Give eaei member of committee something definite to do, and the member should report at the next meet ine what has been done. Read up all we can about our own committee; get information anc hiuta from members of other Societies, and "thinkup"on our own account. Pray with and for the committee. Have a minute- book and keep a record of all that is done. Always give a report full and faithful when asked for by the Seoretary of Society. If nothing has been done, write and tell the Society so. 