NEW LEAVES. Quiz has received from* - Messrs. George Robertson & Co. the following books for review :— " Dead Men's Tales," by Chas. Junor (Geo. Robertson & Co.) These sketches are the work of a young Sydney writer, who displays much fertility of imagination coupled with narrative power which is spoilt occasionally by a tendency to become tediously didactic. The tales are not of equal merit. Those which give the title to the volume are the most effective, if rather gruesome, but the general result is pleasing, and Mr. Junor may be encouraged to take up his pen again. He is capable of pro ducing better material even than " Dead Men's Tales." " From England to A the Back Blocks," by Roland Graeme (Geo. Robertson & Co.) Quiz has a shrewd suspicion that the writer is a Jady. The story itself is interestingly told and the local coloring is good, but the English is dreadfully slipshod. Nothing but a vigorous and ruthless sub editing can make this work really acceptable. " The Pastimes of a Nineteenth Century Woman," by Vipan Brownlow (Geo. Robertson & Co.), Contains some useful bints regarding various sports. "Weeping Ferry, and other Stories," by Margaret L Woods (Longmans' Colonial Library). The leading tale is admirably told, and Quiz cordially recommends his readers to purchase the volume. The simple scenes of country life are limned with a fidelity and a humor that is suggestive of Dickens, and the principal characters are drawn with firm strokes that make them instinct with life. Elizabeth Yyne is a creation of whom the authoress may well be proud, and her attitude in the closing scene of the story is well nigh a stroke of genius. The shorter sketches are also clever. " Byeways," by Robert Hichens (Metbuen's Colonial Library). These stories are mainly of the psych logical and horrible order. Their con ception evinces a brilliant imagina tion, and the writing is beautifully crisp, but the general effect is shuddery. "The Charmer of Snakes" deals with the supernatural, and is so weirdly told that it makes the flesh creep, and " A Tribute of Souls," written in collaboaation with Frederic Hamilton, is a sort of Faust-up-to-date, powerful but gruesome. Those who love the fantastic will find plenty to interest them in " Byeways." " Real Ghost Stories," by W. T. Stead (Bell's Indian and Colonial Library). These are republications from Borderland, Mr. Stead's deceased psyschological quarterly. They will interest-all who are study ing so-cslled spiritualistic phenomena. Mr. W. C. Rigby forwards "For Prince and People," by E. K. Sanders (Macmillans Colonial Library). This is a tale of old Genoa, and it may be described as fascinating from start to finish. The writer has broken up fresh ground and has done so most successfully. There was plenty of romance 300 years ago and this book teems with intrigues, bloody fighting, and gallant deeds. As the world is showing a disposition to become romantic again "For Prince and People " should sell well, 