LITERARY NOTES. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, July 1, 1898. There is all the fascinating glamour of the East about the "Unaddressed Letters" that Sir Frank Sweetenham professes to edit. Although in his preface he tells us that the letters came to him in a ■ packet of manuscript from a dead friend, those who have read Sir Frank Sweeten ham's '"Malay Sketches will not take long to make up their minds as to the identity of author and editor. The letters purport Ito be written from the Malay Peninsula by 1 a ciplomatist and cynic to different people, although the majority of them are the ex pi-ession of the writer's passion for a woman whom he loved in the liast, ?nd whose love became cold in the damp and foj: of an Knglish winter. There is some thing mystic and pathetic about these hopeless love-letters, mingled with shrewd : comments on such subjects as letter-writ . ing, inconstancy, daughters and despotism, finances, and criticism on fiction. The chief charm of the book for the Australian reader will, however, lie in the brilliant pictures that the author paints of Malay scenes, the feast of color that he sets be fore his reader, and the incidents of MaJay lifa that he describes so vividly. Sir Frank has a wonderful eye for the pas sionate loveliness of the East, liis gorgeous snnsets, bri"iant moonlit nights, sunlit seas,_ and luxuriant tropical forests bring the Oriental atmosphere vividly bel'ore on; eyes. A touch of humanity is given to each scene by some tender reminiscence connected with it. The author wanders at will from one incident to another as a butterfly from flower to flower, and over the whole book there is an air of Oriental niyitieiem, of strange coincidences, and marvellous occurrences. Whether he writes of a clever mongoose, of the ill omened jingling coin, of a Malay funeral, of coincidences of death in the East, o£ tigers and crocodiles, roses and moths, lqve-philtres, moon-struck women, the vision of the Dcvi, the death chain, scan dal and bangles, or the only lady in Phatmah, Sir Frank is equally convincing. One feels that L-e is saturated with the true spirit of the Enst. I have not de rived such pleasure for a long while from any book as 1 did from these fresh, uncon ventional "Unaddressed Letters." It is a pity that Mr. Arthur Legge has selected for his smartly-written novel the title of "Mutineers," tor it is sure %> be confused wi"h "The Mutineer" of Messrs. Becke and Jeffery. Mr. Legge's "Muti neers' are rebels against convention, but live an ordinary hum-drum civilised life. Three men, Presterley, a rich drunkard aiul gambler; Nigel Jlaystone, a Univer sity man and enthusiastic Socialist; and Kafford, a barrister, who affects (.\dness and cynicism, fall in love at1 a country house with a bright young girl, Gladys Stour. Gladys all her life is in love with Kafford, but he fails to come up to the scratch at the critical moment, and so she r-i.-irric-s Presttrley, who goes to ibe dogs and eventually breaks his neck in a steeple chase. Prior to this, Kafford and Gladys have' exchanged a passionate kiss, but Raf tord to save her from herself leads her to believe that he is only philandering. Mean while Maystone adopts'racialism as a pro fession, and lives in misery in the East- End, where he is discovered by J&ifford; and Gladys recovering from fever under the care of a demi-dressmaker, whom he tliinks it his duty to marry. She is, how ever, murdered by a fanatical lover, and Maystone marries Gladys. Eafford's health breaks down, and he leaves for South, Africa, after o^lainin^ to Gladys his real attitude towards her. " With tiie excep tion of Bafford and Maystone, both of whom are excellently drawn, none of the characters have any particularly interest ing traits, but the author nevertheless, without any striking incident, manages to retain the reader's interest throughout. The earlier part of the novel promises an excess of epigram, but as the plot proceeds a true note of humanity is struck and re tained. Even such commonplace people as the slangy Lord and Lady Tintern and Lord St. Pancras^who concludes every sentence with —"What?" reach . the reader's heart. Bret Harte's "Tales of Trail and Town" and "Later Verses" are but an echo of Bret Harte at his best. Here and there a touch of patho? or a spark of huxaor re calls the author's old charm, but the tales and verses will be read raore for old ac quaintance sake than for their' own merits. The judgment of Bolinas Plain is the sketch from -which was derived "Sue," in which Miss Annie RusscU made such a suc cessful appearance at the Oarrick last month.' Mr. R. A. Walling has taken a leaf out of Q.s book, and in his "Flaunting Moll" given us a collection of. pathetic, short sketches of the simple country folk of Devonshire and Brittany. Mr. Walling is skilled in the speech of the West coun try and knows the hearts of the people of whom he writes. Flaunting Moll, the quairyman's daughter, \rho leaves her gray hamlet for the scarlet life of the town, and who saves a 'little gray maiden" from her own gay life, and re turns to the vUlage just in time to witness her father's death, Joe Bin-bury, who re turns after two years' absence at sea, to find his ■wife unfaithful; Gaffer Guidon, who imagined that his son in prison was making fame for himself in a. public insti tution of .great importance; the old orches tral conductor, Thomas Vigurs, who, breaking stones in the workhouse, tapped out upon them the minuets lie was wont to conduct, trill vividly recall sketches from the delectable Duchy. The silver lamp of Sainte Croix, the Westward Mail, the Freight of Death are powerful and boinble. Mr. Walling's people are moved by simpler motives, and live in a healthier atn.osphere than the analytical beings who du-8-eet themselves and their consciences to such excess in so many modern novels. Mr. John Buchan's romance "John Bur net of Barnes" (John Lane) is quite in the Crocketian style, although here and there his careful, wefl- polished diction reminds one of Stevenson. "John Burnet" is on the regular lines of the kailyard story. Two cousins, a scholar, who, of course studies at Leyden, and a dashing black guard are in love lvith the same fair maid The blackguard Gilbert, defeated at Ley den in a duel by his scholar-cousin, who, for all his book-learning, is a master of fence, gets the latter outlawed on a pre- tence of treasonous plotting. When John Burnet returns to his native land he has to take to the hills and hide, first amongst Covenanters and then amongst a band of travelling gipsies The fair Maijorie is kidnapped by Gilbert, and pursued by John. The usual duel ends in the death of Gilbert, not in the usual way, but by a pistol-shot from a traitor- ous soldier. Despite a somewhat leisuirely telling. the romance abounds in exciting incidents and sword-play. The battle between the rival clans of gipsies, the stripping of the dragoons, and the Samson like destruction of the cave-invading sol- diers by the blind, old Covenanter, are thrilling, and Nicol Plenderleith, John's henchman, is an eccentric character and braw fighter. Mr. Buchan's description of hill and dale is picturesque, although he gives us perhaps, a little too much of it, and his hero is a very different being from the conventional brainless, but lucky individual. There is a scholarly touch about the book which will make its author a dangerous rival to Mr. Crockett Dr. Conan Doyle did well to ,-aI! hi-, fugitive verses "Songs of Action." for that title exactly expresses their nature They are bnght verses, but hardly real' uoetiv Ibey ack inspiration, the vigor o f Kjpli „••' *W « of Newbolt. Here and iliere they remind one of some other writer. "The Farnshire Cup^™! dealfv an imitation of Gordons "Bow we beat the favorite,' but fields behind and a sell m! race into the bargain. The "Frontier BSrtd -HW r rc 7 he So "s onSS iwn and H.JI.S. Foudroviuit." a y,ro test against the sale of the old battleship to thc^Germau? for £1,000, concluding— Our Nelson ship. And if no mooring can be found In all our barbors, near or fur Then tow Hie old three-decker round To where tlie deep-sea EOundings are- Tlierc with her pennon fljiu^ clear,' And with hi?r ensign lashed peak liisrit, Sink iicr a thousand fathoms sheer There let her lie. "Veanarliy of _ tlie Mines'' aud the "Groom's Story," a tale of how a runaway anotor car ? starting unexpectedly. butteil and boosted and siianked the " horse ai tache<l to it until the hitherto dignified ani mal <-overed ten miles in twenty minutes should provide rua'j=ruj for reciters. Kor flic rest tlicre are wine lively iiu-iting rei-ses and some soldiering ballads that make pleasant reading if one doesn't ex pect too high a standard. The pictures of Breezy Bill iv liir varioui inles are quite the best part of "The Life o( William Tcniss, by Arthur J. Smythe, with an appreciation by Clement Scott." The biography is simply a collection ol crilic-Uiins of the various parts played bj poor Terriss, padded out with penny-a liner "piffle," much inferior to his obituar\ notices. His death is described in but twe lines, while seven pages are devoted to an account of the funeral and floral tributes Clement Scott's appreciation seems rathei an appreciation ot Scott by Terriss than what it purports to be, and contains a covert, attack in the worst of taste upon the critic's opponents in the celebrated '"Actress" controversy. "A little fiilj called Common Sense, ridden by Tomnij Let-it-alone was, we are told," the only horse Terriss ever backed. It's a pity his " biographer hasn't followed his victim* ' example. > The title and a few jjsnges ;it the end of i that loathsome novel, **A Celibate's Wife,' lby Herbert FJowerdew, were o,uite enougl ,to .sicken iw.> and prevent me, as a self-re ■ spec-ting critic, from perusing it at length. ;It is compounded of lustful beastiality, and \- the disgusting material that one finds in ; the law reports of trials for nullity of r marriage, and should be placed on the Index kxpurgatorious of every library that ' lias any consideration for the feeding of its L readers. [ I did not find the tstary of Mr. Bernard [ Capes, "Adventures'of the Comte de la Muette" daring oie Reign of Terror, quite ,as interesting as his "Lake of Wine," but j 3 dare say ethers will prefer this romance of the' French revolution for its brilliant dialogue and vivid glimpses of the lioirors ; <if those grisly times. The thread of plot ' that runs through the book is a slight one, \ but crimsoned with human blood. The ; count, detesting the human vampires amongst whom he found himself a citizen, and disgusted with the brutal methods oi ' the ex-waiter Crepin, to whom he was as sistant, took to the woods, to whose repub ' lie one Mademoiselle Carinne had earned • her maidenhood, flying ironi the ruffianly \- nans culottes. After many days o£ wan ! aering he found her in the guise of a swine ' herd, beantifnl and wilful still. A Beatrice < find Benedick warring-likc of wits for a i while and the two were parted until i they found themselves, pyramus and 'l'h'j-be-h'ke, on opposite sides of a stone ■ wail of La Force prison. How the count ' wks tried and sentenced, and first by a ' cunning deWce and then the friendly aid of : the repentant Crepin, escaped "looking through the little window," w;is carried in , the corpse-cart to the quarries of Mont : fcouse, the Golgotha of the guillotine, how he Oiere found Carinne, and how aftei ■ breathless escapes they at last readied . England a.s emigres, ever}" reader who l loves romance must discover jor mmself. . This latest book is artistically the finest ; thing Sir. Capes has done ret. Tiie love '. making is of that contrary but passionate , nature with which Aathony Hope and . Stanley Weymau have made us so fami liar, tlie impressionist pictures of guillo tine and prison burn themselves into the brain, and the style is a fine mixture oi virility ;ind quaint ruphuism, with origi nal fanciful but happy figures that cap ture the imagination and give nervous vi tality to the description. A sample or two will illustrate my meaning. His face, all blossoming with dissipation," "the recn; perative measure of slumber-frothed, pet haps, with a head of aesthetic enjoyment in the long minute of waking," "she had that colorless serenity in her face that 1c like snow over perfumed flowers. Gazing on such, one longs to set one's heart to the chill and melt it and see the blossoms break." "Swinish fortune will love the lusty bully that drains her, thougii tiic bulk of the litter starve," "The little pod holds the fattest pea," "I was eating my chicken in the egg," "The guillotine would have devoured her like a snap and laughed over the tit-bit," "The little gudgeon as he wriggled on the national hook," "To my front the president and judges in number three, like skulls decked with hearse plumes;, to my right the jury, a very Pandora box of goblins, the lid! left off, the evil countenances swarming over the edge." Especiauy characteristic is the sketch of the light-hearted in difference of the prisoners awaiting tUeir faith, "All Punchinellos, grimacing lest the terrors of tears .should overwhelm them." Mr. Capes brings the horrible reality of the revolution more con vincingly to the mind's eye than any his tory. A second leisurely reading of the romance will give the reader more en joyment than a hasty scamper through it for tlie mere sake of the story. "Tom Ossington's Ghost. Right-straight across-three-four-up. Risrht-cat<log-cat-aog cat-doz-left-eye-iiusu." This is the clue to a hidden treasure, for which the charac ters of Mr. Richard Marsh's "Tom Ossing ton's Ghost" (Bowden's Colonial Library) seek in a lonely house on Wandsworth Common. A maniac wife, a ghost- haunted convict, and a young barrister are the chief dramatis personae in this somewhat rough and ready but not uninteresting story. To base a romance of fiction on the his torical mystery of the Miin in the Iron Mask is rather like painting the lily, but Miss Florence Kingsley, in the "Prisoners of the. Sea," has utflisM the disappearance of this strange figure til such an ingenious ■way as to excite the reader's interest up to the very last pags. .Tlie suspense is ad mirably sustained in her virile and excit : ing EtcrVj although &¥ "mysterious royalty never once makes his appearance. To de tail the plot \ronld be to a great extent to destroy the interest of tiie tale. Suffice it to say that a party of castaways find them selves on'a. mysterious island, on which stands a magnificent chateau. One of the ' party,-a- young French lieutenant, is kid napped |foy an English man-of-war under the impression that lie is the niau with the iron mask. Prom this point enwarde the story is related on.the alternate sys tem —one chapter depicting the adventures of the captive oflieer, the next that of his : companions left behind on the island, and each chapter ending at a critical moment. Grim castles, pirates, men-of- war, convicts, Huguenots,, jewels, mysterious subterra nean pasages abound ia this thrilling tale, which simply brims over with breatlilese ; adventures and winds up withl a feasible solution of the identity of the Man in the Trou Mask. If there be a fault in the boob h is that the style is a trifle too modern aial suggests tie end of the nineteenth • rather thau of the" seventeenth century. i Mr. Mowbray Morri6, in his preface tc : the revised anil enlarged edition of "Poets W?jk" O!aemillan, 2s. 6d.), laments the lack of appreciation for poetry shown by i pr-hoolboys, and attributes it to the fact : that the jioetic patrimony o£ the human i race is degraded to -the drudgery of as i hour. With a view U> preaching the beau , tiful gospel of poetry to the young by mean? of samples lie lias in "Poets Walk" ■ made a sti-i«."s -of selections to mate vitli . every mood of boys". From my own re . rolleetion of boyhood 1 should say that tlit cillection is too clussical and too pen?iv< 'to bit what Mr. Morrii> terms "the mean .cf boyhood." There in too jnucli inedita i Yon and not enough stirring incident foi i ;he average boy, who must be led on t«: ■ appreciate the bein'ty of rhyme and ; JUythin by verse that lias xomething of a i Ptory •" it- Kipling, Gordon, Xewbolt, the poets of episode, must come lirst, and , aft«nvnrds willi innliii-<r years -will grow nu niipri-ciatioii of the lu'.-uitiw of maurc. C;n.y'.s '•Efcfcy"' and Wordsworth's "J,ou: ■ don from Wevtminstor-bridKe." Tin • "Poet* Walk" is more likely to appeal tc ! the lioy v/lii is Koiiintrhat of a studious i-c . <.I:ir?c, :?id i>;m by nature an appreciation .ol piicny <!i;tn to the y.iungHter whose . {.ielie.il faculty want* careful nurture. "I^wk y.iw ami mm-,, lighting" will l>« i desired liy the re.ulerri of Liouli-Dant- Colonel Andrew H.-iirgaid'H <not Ki.lor of r tli?t ilk) historic:.! iiovfl, "Hannibal'? , Daughter.'* H "iniprises over 400 closely \ jirinteil page*, .-nifl i-jint'ts Irom Hanniliaf? , vow M'livn :i l.(r.v to p.vmigc tho vtoiikn liif . countrymen liail Ku(JVi<_-<i ;it tlie hands ol the llo>n;mx to his ilofont at Z;tma. His . daunUtcr Kl:xh;i "jicrislinl in me Mooin o i lii-i- bcaiily, over ;i mui'tyi- to duty and Let , i-ounli-y's «.-.iiiw," for first* she was «epa iiil*d fioin her lover, Maharbul, iv oi-dei Iliat, the latter luiuclit lio ..etrothed t<? Me laniii, to Kiiiu the ;illian<t- of the llercetes then v.!\«ii <|path ! la d -removed Melauu [ fi-oui KlissaV path," Muharbal was i*pa ratvil iioiii lier to :ieeompaiiy Hannibal on his famous campaign into Italy. Falling ;in love with Scipio whrai lie captured Car tliageni, Klis^i coiitrai;U*d an alliuuct • with the liUcrtine. Philip of Mncedou. tc ; secure !?■; Kervices for Hamiihal. I'hilir : proved a broken reed, and Hlissa was on : her way to meet and wed (?cipio, and thu? restore peace between Cartilage au<! i Home, when her galley was captm-ed by Maharbal, whom Khe Wedded for hei countr>-'? sake, only after the battle ol Zajna once more for ncr countr\\-"ts sake, tc leave him for Scipio. To MaJiarb owed his life thrice over, and to the lattei therefore the magnaiiiinous Sctjjio re turned two lives—EHksi'k and that of Jici Knboru chiitt, in giviuj; birth to whom she died. Haunibars campaigns are sn-aphi : cally described, but Hannibal and hh ■ commanders are terribly progy and long winded, iUitl Kpeak iv isUltert language tbat William the {Second to none would rejoice in. "Ijeave me to mine ablution* itud infoi-ni thy master that 1 will see him ■in an hour's s|?ce." "We must. niak« ; fipeeciy haste, oh. mine oflicere, to cross yon deep and raighu- river despite tlie ■ hordes of baitJKrians Vjo guard its further bank, fcr to-day grave and un i expected tidings have come to Hand." ! i "Reasons of (Mate are ever paramount, ,|;and all must bend to my will or suffer I for it." These are but mild samples 'i nl the -Tounsoniar. dialogue in which the > 7jbook abounds. When the characters quil \- J iheir tall talk pats io Riips, they ac •" I quit theinselvct right valiantly. Tlierc arc > I plcntv of sanguinary episodes i? thin • "classis tome," but before I had perused . many samples oi Cartharinian verbose i" loquacity 1 cried "Evoe, Hannibal. Cut i the cackle and come to the elephants." "■ Two books largely read just now aro t iir, Eagar. Jepson'sJ-JliQ TSfr^n-oi .the [ | People," and Mr. Basil Thomson's -The ' | Indiscretions of Lady Asenath." Both are • I Irankly unconventional and take their ' j readers into unfamiliar regions,_the former i ; to the mythical country of Varandaleel, sion the northern frontier of India, the latter to the Fijian Islands. Varandaleel ' is an autocracy, the central idea of whose ' government is that the one must suffer for i the many. have short shrift, \- and deprivation of the power of speech is the tare of those who make themselves [ objectionable to the prince, a very "devil i of a fellow," who slays and loves and flirts : in most amazing and entertaining fashion. ? Mr. Jepson is collaborating with Captain ; Bejimes, of the Indian Staff Corns, on ; another novel, the scene of which is laid in India, ilr. Thomson has a princess as i the heroine of his book, a Fijian chief's I daughter, who is a combination of the . world, the flesh, and the devil, and -whose ■ evidence before a British Commission in . vestigating the causes of the decrease of the native population and the secrets of ', the "Caste of Wise Women" is described by her chronicler as "Rabelais let loose." ' plus the lost text of "The Scented Gar ! den." with Sir Richard Burton's footnotes ; to "The Thousand Nights and a Night" thrown in. There are also missionaries, [■ Bishop Wesley, a blue-ribbonite, and Chap . lain Michael, who in the interests of con . version drink the kava, prance half-naked [ in the devil-nance, and take part in the . erotic rites in unregenerate style. "The passinc of Asenath.' with which the book concludes, is an affecting denouement. ; The thrilling incidents and rattling J nautical style of Mr. Willinm Watsons i true yarn "The Adventures of a Blockade Runner" during the American civil war, ; just appropi lately reissued at 3s. 6d. by : Mr. Fisher Itnvrin. are especially welcome ' now tli.it war is so much in the air. ■ In the autumn Mr. Unwin intends issu ; ing Captain Webster's book on New ■ Guinea, where the gallant captain and a band of 13 stood up against over 300 ', natives, who slew and ate almost before . his eyes three of his companions. The , book should be an exciting one and is to be profusely illustrated. A ''Daily News"' representative has had ■ a glimpse' of the 22 letters written by ' < Gladstone to his fliend Farr from Eton, " O::ford, and soon after leaving the Univcr ; sity, and dated 1326-1832, which are to be ' sold by the Sotbebys towards the end of ' next month. They prove, he 6ays, that ■ the Gladstone boy was father to the Glad • stone man. With a few exceptions they 1 are uniformly grave and fiignified,_ much ■ concerned with politics and the doings of ■ the debating society, and have here and • there a trace of that circumlocution that i marked all the orator's speeches. They 1 probably, says the "Daily News," form the ; ,cnly first-hand record of Mr. Gladstone's ■ school days. Even he was quite unaware ;of their existence. The story, as Mr. : Hodge told it to me, -tras that they had i come into his hands for sale from some de ; seendant of Sir. Farr. The matter was re i ferred to Mr. Gladstone, who early one i morning walked into Mr. Hodge's loom . and begged to be allowed to see them. He . was :it once accommodated with Mr. : Hodge's chair, and the volume was placed en Mr. Hodge's desk, which has supported so many precious records. This \ras some four years ago. There he sat and read [ them all again, often, says the famous auc ; tioneer, roaring with laughter over his early effusions, such as his story of some boy" whom the terrible 'Keate had just flogged Cor going to a circus. The boy bad left his bolster in his bed to represent him, with a'nightcap neatly arranged at the top 'of it, but in vain. Keate smoked the fake (shocking slang!), and sent the delinquent vo the block. The story is told with much humor, and, (as is duly pointed out) with out exaggeration. His tutor had given him a set of Eng : lif-h verse to do, and, says the for once funpant Gladstone, "I tipped him a divine effusion." while on other occasions be talks of the ladies at a ball "kicking up their ■ heels," "the Opposition kicking up a row next sesion," and a fellow ' pleased as Punch'7 to get into the sixth. But these were only very ocasional lapses for this very grown-up boy of 16. Even at the age • when other boys -were boating and playing cricket, the breath of Gladstone's nostrils was the Government of the nation and the ilerce debates of the Eton Society. When the complete biography of the Grand Old Man comes to be writen —and want ma terial there is for it—some 500,000 personal ; uoeumeuts in the little turret room off the ; "Temple of Peace" at Hawarden — these letters must be included. Mrs. Ritchie's biographical preface to. the third volume of father's works, ' "The Memoirs of Mr. Charles Tellowpush,' i covers the period from 1831 to 1837, and ■ gives us glimpses into the novelist's life in < the Temple, his reading for the bar, his 1 impressions of Maginn, his distaste for the law. his labors at the Paris atelier, the growth of "that kindly, humorous, de ' lie-htful little friend," Michael AngeloTit • marsh, "the droll shadow," says Mrs. 1 Ritchie, "behind which my father loved Ito shelter himself." When the "Constitu tional," an ultra - Liberal paper, was 1 started in. '36, Thackeray was appointed : its Paris correspondent with a salary ot \ £400, which enabled him to marry. A very touching letter from Paris to bis wife ; is the best thing in Sirs. Ritchie's intro -1 duction:— \ "Here have we been two years married ' and not a single unhappy day. Oh, I do f bless God for all this happiness which He has given me. It is so great that I almost ' tremble for the future, except that I ' humbly hope (.for what man. is certain ::lx>ut his own weakness and wickedness) ! our lore is strong enough to withstand any [ pressnre from -without, and as it is a gift ; greater than any fortune, is likewise one : superior to poverty or eickness, or any ' other worldly evil with which Providence L may visit us. l«t us pray, as I trust is no harm, that none of these may come upon , us, as the best and wisest Man. in the , world prayed that He might not be led , into temptation I think hap . i>iuess is as good as prayers, and J j^g] fa . i: y heart a kind of overflowing thanks [ giving which is quite too great to de i scribe in -writing. This kind of happiness . is like a fine picture, you only see a little . hit of it wh.-n you are close to the canvas, r c<> a littie distance and then you see how , beautiful it :s. I don't know'that I shall . r.-ve done much by coming away, excep* ; being so awfully glad to come back again." 