NEWS IN BRIEF. The English Trades Union Congress has decided. to hold a special congress todieouss the proposed Federation of Trades. The Middlesex team secured second'place in tne iiingiisn county orioket championship contests. Colonel Vella, seoretary of the Malta dock yard, has been charged with the embezzle ment of £25,300. The " Black Flag" rebels in the province of Kwangsi have twice defeated the Chinese troops. George Bubear and W. A. Barry, the English scullers, have issued a challenge to T. Sullivan and George Towns. The balance of the West Australia loan has been taken up. Captain Helms, of the E. and A. Com pany's Australia, brought the official news of the ending of the America- Spain war to Admiral Dewey at Manila. The horses of the Coolah-Mullaley . mail coach were drowned in a flooded creek on Wednesday, and the driver had a narrow escape. A meeting held at Hay has decided to colleot subscriptions for a testimonial to Mr. Ashton, late member for the district. Five heavy-loaded horse teams, oarrying goods in competition, with the railways, have passed through Lawson. The German Emperor and Mr. A. J. Bal four are heartily in favour of the Czar's pro posal for international disarmament. The French ambassador at Berlin asserts that France cannot join in any general dis armament until Egypt and the Suez Canal are freed from British control. The Russian newspapers warn France that it is useless to expect aid from Russia in re gaining-Alsace and Lorraine. - M. Blowitz asserts that the German Government refrained from clearing Captain Dreyfus in the fear that General de Boisdeifre would be displaced' from his post. The Court of Cassation in Faris . has con- firtned the deoision not to proseoute Major Esterhazy, and his supposed accomplices. M. Cavaignac has resigned his position as French Minister for War. The English Trades Union Congress re commends the unions to support the principle of. State socialism. It is considered by the Trades Union Con-: gress that the labor problem can only be solved when the means of production,, dis tribution and exchange become, common property. A train was wrecked on Friday at Welling borough,. England, through , some boysob-. structing the line with luggage and a wheel barrow. Six persons were killed as a result of the .Wellingborough outrage, and eight others were injured. Signor riucchi, the Italian "fasting man," has sustained from food for 33 days. The Opposition will not, it is stated, sup port candidates'against the Ministers seeking re-election. Arthur1 Stay, aged 42, who over-indulgence in drink ruined, committed suicide at Mel. bourne on Saturday. The Government Geologist is of opinion that a valuable deep lead wiil be found in the Murray channel, near Albury. The "ghost" is still walking at Bendigo (V.). He is reported to have, brutally struck in the'the face a young woman wh'o pluokily threw a stone at him. < The Bendigo (V.) police have, so: far been unable to solve the myBtery. attaching; to the remains recently found at Sandy Creek which showed indentation of shot's. The Horseshoe Railway Station, hear1 Kalgoorlie (W.A), was entered by burglars- early on Saturday morning, and the .safe, containing £37, abstracted. The remains of the safe, which were removed' in a carl, were afterwards found haoked open. Leading American commercial men insist that it is indispensable that ithe Canadian preferential tariff should be extended to American goods. The English Trades Union Congress de mands the prohibition of labor in the case of children under the age of 14, and of all night work for persons under 18, A demand is made by the. Trades Union Congress for a system of arbitration in trade disputes. i : c . The victory of the British troops over, the Khalifa was oelebrated at Melbourne- by the wreathing of General Gordon's statue. 