ITHE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS;: " OR, \- COLONEL CODY'S SEAROH. W 'ROMANCE OF THE WEST. By COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM. PLutor of "Te Mysterious Man In Blue." . Etc. CHAPTER LV.-TWO VOLUNTEERS. .When Colonel Ferris read the second commdinication left by the weird. mid aigit :lvisitor.signing -himself "Ghost," and which t61d that the three scouts "had :been iut to ,dealth In the Indian village, while Colonel Cody nnd Lieu tenant Hugh Seaford'were yet alive, lie was more deeply moved than he cared . to reveal. Iiquiry gave him the informantlon that the sentiniels had not- seen anyone ap proach the fort. It- ws snowing, but" theie were the tracks of a horse to the-stockade gute and back again.-And more, there was the letter left by the wei'rd visitor. The: colonel at oice had a long talk ,withi his niece, and she was also much inoved at the communication. "I do not know what to say, Uncle. ?but I believe what is reported, for the nlanir- or whoever It is--has certainly prg?ed worthy of belief." - '"Yes; but how can"he know all this S--that the scouts have been slain and Seaford and Cody are alive?" S"I do not know how; and yet he knew of their cpture, of the attack of the J Jndians, and in spite of weather that the bravest men hardly dare face, he goes about very:comfortably, it seems." S'He certainly does. But, Ethel,Twhat If I send for Surgeon Powell, and let him know the contents.of thlis note?" h has 'A good idea indeed, uncle; for he has a .very clever way of grasping at situas Stions.". . :So .the orderly was sent for Surgeon F Frank Powell, and. hat oflleer soon put -:In an appearance at headquarters.. - . Ethel was still with her uncle, and slpi watched Doctor Powell closely as he read the note. But she might as well have been .regarding a marble bust, for not a sign crossed his handsome face, at what he read. "Well, Powell?" asked the colonel. "It is certainly sad, sir, about those poor scouts; but Seaford and Cody seem to be fortunate-in faot. colonel, I have an nbiding faith that Cody was not born to be killed by an Indian or an out law." "You believe this statement, then?" "Implicitly, sir." "And can offer no solution as to who the writer-is?" Surgeon Powell did not immediately .teply, and then he said: "Let me go and find out, sir." "What?" "I-have been thinking of late, sir, that It was hardly right iname to let Cody and those with him remain prisoners .when-it inight be possible to, rescue them." "It you see a way, you can have one third of the forces here to accompany you." "I do not exactly see a way, sir, and a large , force. would do no good. But alone, or with one other to accompany me,I might I be able to do something." - "It would be taking fearful risks, Powell." '"Not such risks, colonel, as Cody and those with him take every moment they r are in the hands of the Indians." "What would you do?" "I'll tell you ,sir. I would go from n the fort quietly at night with one person, I and take with me three pack-hiorses, for a plenty of food would have to be taken, as well as oats for our horses. They r would get scanty-feed at that, unless we could find grass In the mountain canyons t not snowed under. I would try and run t, across Cody's ghost, who Is so friendly; ti but, if not, see what could be done to ..wards.a rescueJIn one.-way. o-'.mnotteer. .I iicu bitre'fija.and, well mounted, we B w.ul4:have little to: fear from .the In- y dians; for they will keep very close this tr cold.weather." "And who would you take with you?" h "Spurs." .T "What, Seaford's negro servant?" t "Yes, sir; and every inch a man. Ite c is: agiant in strength, a udead shot, knows not what fear is, can stand any t a. mounit of hardship, and has been con- , stantly urging me to try to rescue his " iaster " . Y.. es, uncle, Spurs waslwith Lieuten lant Seaford, at whose home in Texas he was born a slave,'and he has'gone with hlnreverywhere, and is devoted to him," said Ethel. " , SI 'I?:.a iyoe helse tihiU yourself, Powell, Ssi'adethis prbposition, I would consider him mad. But with you it is, differ ent" 'Thank you, sir. Then I can go?' 'Yes; but Spurs must Volunteer." "He has already done so, sir, and we . all be ready to start to-morrow night," I , dislike to see you do.so, but suppose it Is best, thoukh bear In mind that even Cody .wascaptured." - "True, sir, and I.will risk capture to save him,' was Surgeon Powell's ,reply as ha.ieft the colonel's quieiters. 