LOCAL m GENERAL ITEMS. Stkimbb ExctJBSiOKB. — Preparations are being made for the carrying out of various attraction on tho Prince of Wule»' Birthday, Wadnetday, the Oth November. In addition to tbe announcements alicady made ia our columns, is ono to-day, (stating th»t a grand river excursion to Tomago will take place on thia important; holiday, in aid of tho R. C. Church building fund, tha b.b. Anna Maria having been chartered for the occaeion. The Btenmer will leave Morpeth on tbo arrival of tho early train from Maitland, calling at Hinton, Duckenfield, Swan Reach, Mai tin's Wharf, and Rsymond Terrace A band has been engaged to accompany the excur sionist*, nnd the return fare will be 1b Gd foradultB and Is fur children. Another excursion is to take place from Newcastle to Port Stephens, the fine BteamBhip Newcastle being engaged. Shu will leave Newcastle about ten o'clock on the morning of the Oth, and be moored in a convenient place at Port Stephens to view tho regatta. The return fare will be 3a, and refreshments will be provided at city rates. The Li.No and Incomb Taxes, — A good deal of misconception Btill exists in thu minds of tho general public as to the exact manner in which they should render returns of their transactions for the year to the Taxation Commissioners, and, in conuequence, much trouble baa been entailed on themselves and. thu Commissioners aa well, in several instances in Mnilland that have come under our notice returns havo been sent in over whiob a deal of correspondence has taken place, and which, in ull probability, could never be mude right did not the CommisBionura, with commend able thoughttuineuB, make it their business, to send a competent officer through tho country explaining exactly what is required to persons who do not know it. air. E, \V. Foxhall came to Mnitland yesterday, and culled upon Beveral gentlemen who bad not soul in proper returns, and, after mutual explanations and the production of business books, a satisfactory arrangement was arrived at. In one caee, a person had not debited himself with nearly tbe amount of his pur chases for tbe year, and Mr. Foxhall pointed out to him that in reality he would be robbing himself if his return had been accepted. Of course in most instances the boot is on the other leg — it is the Government that is robbed. However, considering that, tho Commissioners have the power to bring persons to Sydney and compel them to produce their books, whether they like it or no, if their returns are not what they should be, those who happen to bu at fault have every reason to bo thankfri for the oolioitiouH interest taken in their behalf by sending tan oflioer to explain matters to them, and to relievo them of the expanse and the inconvenience of going to Sydney. . Confirmation at St. Paul's, — Last evening, the Lord Bishop of Newcastle administered the rite of confirmation in St. Paul's Churoh. There were 86 candidates for the aacrud rite— 44 males and 42 females. The Bishop was assisted in thu service by tho Hector of ibe parish, the Rev. T. R Segg and tho Rev. A. Killworth, Reotcr of Sb. Mary's, WeBt Maitland. Notwithetanding the threatening and rough night, the ohuroh was filled with an Attentive congregation. Tho proceedings commenced with the processional hymn, 'The Churoh's one foundation,' . during tho singing of which the confirmees, surpliaed choir, and clergy entered. The female candidates took the Beats provided for them in the nave of the church, and the males those on either Bide. The Rev. Mr, Regg read the prayerB and the Rev. Mr. Killworth the lesson— » selected one referring to tbo laying of hands. The hymn ' Soldiers of Christ nriso' was then sung by the choir and congrega tion. The Rector having read the prefuoo, thu Bishop delivered his first address to tho candidates which leferred tho importance and blessing of thv rite, and how ib was to be rccoived. Ho then took the vow of each of the candidates. After prayer, nnd a few minutes being spent in silent prayer ' Come Holy Ghost ' was Bung kneeling. The con flrm'eea wore- thon presented by tho Rcotor, and the Bishop laid hia hands npm and repeated thu prayer ordered over each. At [intervals during the laying on of hands, a verse was sunc in Buhduod tones ot! tho hymn ' My God, accept my heart this day.' Other prayers followed, and then came the second address to those confirmed, full of practical adviou, ns to how thoy should conduct themselves. He urged thut they should not consider their confir mation ovur with that service, bnb that it was only begun and should last nil their lives. ' 0 Jesus, I hnve promised ' was thon Bung by the confirmed alone, and WU3 followed by nil proueut joiaiag in ' Onward Christian Soldiers,' und tho service waa concluded by the Bishop pronouncing tbe Bene diction. During tho singing of tho last hymn an offertory was taken up for the Churoh Aid Fund, and amounted to £5 5b. The Wooi, Teaficio. — Two toams ladon with wool from Beotivu Sbatiun, near Tarnworth, pnaaud through town to-day tor Morpeth. All the teams that have oomo duwa country withNvool have so far been nble to obtain baok loading, whioh must bo a Batisfautury aspect of the trufflo so far ns teamsters nnd storekeepers are conoerned. Four other teams puueud through during the day, mak ing six in »ll. Maitland Pbrmanbnt BuiiiDiNa Sooibtt. — Mr. F. W. Thmaby, thu Secretary of tho. abovo Sooiety, has requested ua to correct Bomo errors that crept into his speeoh at tho annual meeting of the above Society. In comparing the position of the Society thon with what it waa tnolve months previously, iu tho liabilities he pointei out tlmt tho balnnco duo on inventing shares tho previous year was £G10G, while for the presont ib was .04259. This wub caused by withdrawals, which said with drawals, he argued, was a benefit to bho Sooiety au well aa to tho shareholders. At thuond of tho year there wore 403 shares of £25 oaoh, which amounted to .£10,075, of which M250 had boon ' subscribed.' not withdrawn, leaving £5715 to bo paid. Further down ho said, ' not any of tho borrowers wore in urEuui* bu uuy u&luuu.; COMl'LIMHNTART SO0IA.Ii TO TITH MkMIITCR FOR West Maitland. — A complimentary social, ten dered to Mr. J. Gillion, M.E-. for West Mai tl nnd, by his Loohmvnr friends, took place nfc HjII'h Uot'l last evening, when Mr. Martin Hogg presided. About forty p'orBona worn present. Sovorul toasts were proposed nnd responded to, und a mosb enjoy ablu uvoning spout. Ohoor up, Sam ; don't lot your aplritn go down. There's Maitland Buer nnd Maitland Stunt iu ovury houan in town, Mnifchtnd Buer is absolutely tho best in tho Northern district. iv Noutitiiiin Jooicur Club,— Horsoownorn nre re minded elBuwhere iu this issue by thu Hon. Secretary of tho Northern Joakuy Club (Mr. W. 0. Murkwoll) that nominal i'liis for the various handicaps to be run at thii (iluh'B noxt meating ut Ruthorford' on Ndvomottr Oth nnd lKh close on Monday ovouitig next. The programme of events will uluo bo found in another part of thiB issue. OitDntt oi' SAr,it8.— Tho order of fat stock Bnlen ut Campbell's Hill on Mondny nexb will bo s — J. N. Brutikor nnd Son, 1 | O. IC. Young, 2; J. Enright, 8; H. J. Murshull, 4,; E, W. Sparko, 5. Riti'AmiNO thh Pathuhon Couhthoush. — Tho Dnpiirtmunt hna deoidud to do aomo necessary re pairs at thn Paturson Courthouse. Tho building will bo thoroughly overhauled nnd puintcd, und, whnro neoonnary, repaired. Thn interior will be varnitihed and kahominod. Thu picket I'once out Bide will nlso be repaired nnd painted. Specifica tions for the work may bo soau ab flic ofllcc of thu Olork of Potty Seasons, West Mnitland (Mr. Norman Black). Tend era oIobu on tbo 7bh Novum bor. A Wau BuKOua.— Thin morning n rumour wna circulated in town thnb tho QovorniuDnt. wan hourly expecting a cnblu regarding t;hu preiiont orinia butwonn Jiinglnnd and Fninco ; nnd that, tho Hon. J. N. Hrunkor had remained In Sydney ho that tho Cabinet could nt anno hnvo n moebing. On enquiry at; Mr. Brunker'n MIluo wo wero iur'ormod that hit had nob come homo lnat night, nu ununl ; but there waa no confirmation oi' tho rumour rognrdlng a probnblo outhronk of war. Donation oi.' a Lihuauy- to TJta Citizkms. — Tho Prime Minlutur atabuu that tho Government, hnu re ceived nn intimation from Mr. thivid Suott Mitchell that hu in prepared to bequeath hia library, uantnin ing 30,000 volumoa, to thu Uovnrnmunt (or thu uno of thn eirizona of Now South Wnloa. A condition will bo nttaohod to tlii gift to tho effoob that tho hooka must bo ' propnrly housed.' Thin may menu tho orootion of now librnry promision for thu pur poao nf hooping thniu. Tho matter rouonfcly oatno boforo bho GovoimiiL'nii, nnd theoffor'wna'ncobptod with thankii,' Tho library will nlflo bu ondowod to tho oxloixb oE .0B0O por nnniun, 