c|R TRISTRAM. bt Hart Bradford Whiting. polished by special arrangement with Messrs Ward Lock <J Co., Ltd. all rights reserved. CHAPTER XVII- Tlio 17th of October was a date graven n Hylda's heart in living letters. In days of their engagement she and iiiphard had devised many sweet and fan- Ifnl observances by which they would , tho anniversary of their first Mtin" and in spite of the cold shadow Tt I ad crept over her life, she could not no think of it without a thrill. Uizht it not be possible that a return of the well roinembered season would wake offer thoughts in her husband's mind ®nd turn tho autumn of .the year to EP""ffas a faint hope, but she clung to it sDd would not iet it go, and as the day drew nearer she resolved to ask him once more to go down to the Manor with lior, for she felt that if ho were surrounded ith the same scenes there would be more chance of old associations rising to life azain. She watched her opportunity, and finding that he was gratified by The news cf his father's consent to EIlen's_engage- ment, she took advantage of his good humor to propound her scheme 44 1 don't see much object in it " he Eaid when she had finished speaking. flylda felt chilled, but she would not irive up at once. s 44 You used to say that we would always spend that evening in my old study," she said "so that we might feel again as we felt 'when I had been longing to see you, and you came to me through the flood." ller voice trembled a little as she spoke, and Richard was not quite untouched by the memories that she recalled. One says lots of things at a time like that which one doesn't mean," he re marked, " but still I don't mind if you are very keen about it. Besides, I sup pose we must see your mother some time or other, and it is a lesser evil to go there than to have her up here." It- was not a gracious acceptance, but such as it was Hylda felt glad of it, and flhe made haste to write to her mother before he should have changed his mind. Mrs Carlyle wa3 only too thaukful to get the letter. A stron«er-minded woman ivould have resented their long neglect, and a woman of doeper feeling would have felt too much pain at the thougftt of it to be able to look. forward to the visit with any pleasure ; but Hylda's mother thought les3 of the separation from her child than of the awkwardness which that separation entailed, and shfc Jas so re lieved to be able to announce her coming that she had room for no other thought. Hylda's engagement and marriage had been a topic of interest m Stowbury for more than the proverbial nine days, but time had done much to wear it out, and had it not been for the fact of her lengthened absence, it would b» this time have been pretty well forgotten, but when month after month passed by and nothing was seen of the bride and bride groom. a delightful field of speculation was opened up, and the gossips of the neighborhood were not slow in taking advantage of it. Many and various were the causes suggested, and Mrs Carlyle had much to undergo iu the shape of iu- ueudo and condolence. 11 Lady Carlyle had been in her sister- iu-Ws place no one would have dared to question her on the subject, but Mrs Csrljle was open to general attack, and if she had had courage for Buch an en terprise she would have left Stowbury altogether. But relief had come at last, and her only regret arose from the fact that though Tristram was away from the Court, his mother was at home. Yet even her dread of- ' Harriet's galling criti cisms could not rob her of her sense of triumph. Hylda said nothing of the probable length of their visit in writing her first letter. She had asked her husband how long ho could stay and had received no answer. " Do you think you could spare a week ?' she asked. 4 'oh, yes," said Richard impatiently. " m spare six if you'll let me finish my writing in peace 1" This was clearly an exaggeration, bat after such a speech Hylda felt justified in telling her mother that they hoped to be able to stay a week or two, and Mrs Carlyle set off to the Court at once, armed with this fortifying news. "It is so thoughtful and considerate oi them to have waited until they could really take a good holiday," she said ; "if they had just run down for a Sun day, it would only have made 'mo miss Hylda more afterwards ; but now I ahall have them for quite a nice long visit, and we shall have time to talk to our hearts' content. TV argument was a specious one, and ?'i-4 C.-.rlylo was quite convinced by bet ' vn eloquence as she spoke, nor did she interpret her sister-in-law's silence as dis sent; but in trulli it was rather surprise than disagreement that kept Harriet from replving. Whatever Cecilia might say, she w.ii certain that Hylda was unhappy, and she was amazed that she should risk a visit of several weeks' duration under i"r mother's roof. Au unwonted sense \- --ompassion prevented her from speak- ; her mind, however, and for once she ai.owed her victim to go unscathed. The news of Hylda's approaching arrival was duly trumpeted throughout Stowbury, and every time that Mrs Gar- -yle made the announcement, she took care to add the fact that their stay was to he a long one. "Mr Weston is so very much occu pied," was her formula, 44 that he really never has a moment to call his own ; and they are so devoted to one another that they cannot bear to be separated. As saon as he could possibly get away for a lon-z visit they wrote off at once, and they will stay as long as ever they can " The explanation sounded well, and as no one liked to suggest that there was nothing in all this to prevent Mrs Carlyle from going to stay with them, her satis faction was unmnrred. 1 shall certainly ask Mr Weston to be good enough to come and speak to the ='r'5i ' said Miss Elton, when the news ef the expected arrival reached her ears. am sure he will be glad to do so, be- cause he met Mrs Carlyle here, you re- Member." She beamed at the governesses across ® supper table, and though their enthusiasm was scarcely equal to hers, ,ey ?ere not indifferent to the thought seeing Mr Weston again. He was no enger a knight of romance, but still it uld be distinctly interesting to meet a ojager from that sea of matrimonial us of which they had read innumerable escriptions, and of which they had even -'Wed to dream. In' 17th of October fell on a Tuesday, and Hy,'Ja had proposed that she and iA- 'boi-'ld come down on the pre ying Saturday, It was late when they an< B'18 nofld barely see the >h ea t'le bouse as they drove up in \- gathering twilight, tiler heart was gating fast, now that tho actual moment J meeting had come, but. as tho damp "'eetness of the autumn garden was wafted across to her, and familiar sights and sounds pressed upon her on everv side, the past year seemed to drop away from her like a vision, and she was a child once more Her cry of pleasure, as she sprang for ward to meet her' mother ended in a Bob, and there were tears in her eyes that she could not hide. Mrs Carlyle thought it only natural that she should be moved by her return to her old home ; she felt a good deal stirred herself, and kissed her daughter again and again, while she held out a welcoming hand to Richard. Richard had took the hand calmly enough, __ and stood looking on at the scene with a superior smile. He was always amused by what he called 44 femininities," except when they hap pened to interfere with him, in which case he swept them aside with a ruthless hand "We might stand 'for a tableau of the Return of the Prodigal," he remarked. Hylda drew herself quickly away from her mother's arms, and the lines of care on her face re-appeared as if by magic, for there was sufficient truth in the words to give them a sting. She knew well enough now that she had demanded her share of this world's goods with reckless impatience, and the bitter sus picion had begun to dawn upon her that she had utterly wasted her Bubstance ; but she knew that Richard had no such thought in his mind, and that his taste less remark was simply born of the lip. "I had better go upstairs at once," she said ; 44 we must not keep dinner wait ing." " It is quite delightful to have you here at last," said Mrs Carlyle, as they went upstairs hand in hand. 44 But of course I know that you could not come before. Don't think that I am blaming you, dear 1 I have told everybody how considerate I think it is of you to have waited until you could pay a good long visit." She paused for no reply, but prattled on of a hundred things as she watched her daughter's preparations for dinner. Hylda felt a strange sinking of the heart as she listened to her ; nothing had been further from her intentions than to make a confidante of her mother, and yet she had had a secret hope that she should find the strength and comfort iu her counsel that had been lacking in the past. But as soon as she came face to f.ice with her again, heard her voice, and caught the tone of her conversation, she knew that any such hope was vain ; nothing was more unlikely than that her mother should guess at anything that lay beneath the surface, and even if it was plainly put before her, it was evident that she would take good care to ignore it. To keep up appearances before che world was not enough for Mrs Carlyle's satisfaction, she must deceive herself as well as her neighbors before she could be thoroughly comfortable. The evening passed off better than might have been expected ; Richard was not insensible to the pleasures of the table nor to the impression produced by his surroundings. The fine old house and the handsome furniture might be treated as objects of scorn when they were out of sight, but it was undeniable that they possessed a certain influence over him when lie was brought into contact with them. Hylda watched him anxiously at first, but as dinner went on she acknow ledged with surprise and relief that he was more like what he had been before their marriage than she had ever yet seen him. 44 More like himself," she would have phrased it ; but tboss who knew Richard Weston best could have told her that he was less like himself to- night than he had been at any time since their wedding day. " 1 did not ask anyone to meet you this evening," said Mrs Carlyle, "for 1 thought that we would have one evening to ourselves. There are plenty of people longing to see you, and several invitations have come for you already, but I have not asked anyone yet except your aunt and Mr and Mis Chesterford, who will dine with us on Monday." Hylda looked at her husband in sime alarm ; she had never dared to reveal to him i hat she had held out a hope of a lengthened stay, and Bhe dreaded an outburst- of anger. He said nothing, however, bad or good, and when he followed the ladies into the drawing-room, he took up a book which he had brought with him for review, and left the mother aud daughter to their conversation. "Here is a note for you, Richard," said HLylda, going into the library next morning when the church bells were ringing. " It came yesterday, but it was only given to me just now." Richard had just struck a match, aud he waited to get his cigar well alight before lie took the note from her hand. 44 Are you not coming to church?" she asked, with some dismay. "Not I." returned Richard, carelessly ; 44 1 have something else to do." He took up a manuscript that lay on his knee, as though he expected to be left in peace, but Hylda dii not move. 44 It will make a very bad impression if I appear without you," she said. " Stay away, then," said Richard, watching a ring of smoke curl up iuto the air. 44 You know that I canuot di that. I think you might have a little more consi deration." Richard lifted his eyebrows at her tone, but he was not angry yet. " It would make a much woree impression if \ yawned all through ihe prayers and slept all through the sermon," he said ; "therefore, I am only consulting your interests when 1 stay away." 44 But there is no necessity for you to yawn, or to go to sleep either," persisted Hylda ; 44 do come, Richard, it would make me so happy." 44 1 am afraid you must be unhappy, then," said Richard, taking up the note and opening it. "Leave me alone, nqw, there's a good girl, and, perhaps, I'll go out with you this afternoon." Hylda's heart swelled, and she felt helplessly miserable, but even so she would not show resentment, and she laid her hand on his shoulder while he read his note. " What a nice letter 1 " she said, for getting her troubles for a moment, " I always did like Miss Elton. You will go and give her girls a lecture, won't you ?" "Not if I know it ! I have done with pattering platitudes to schoolgirls, thank goodness, and I am not going to be caught like that, it is a great cheek of her to allude to our meeting there, eapecialy when one can see with half an eye that she wants to secure a lecture, as an advertisement for her sohool. She is rather mistaken, I can tell her, if she thinks I shall make myself cheap in that style 1 " Hylda looked at him indignantly, but she did not dare to remonstrate. 44 Will you let me answer this note ? ' was all "Oh, yes," said Richard, tossing it over to her with a laugh, "you are afraid shall wound her little feelings are you ? I am much too wary to make blunders of that sort ; but, still, if you like to do my lying for me, you are quite welcome to the job." "It is such a comfort to me, dear, to see you looking so well and bright," said Mrs Carlyle, when a few minutes later they Bet out for the church. " Your aunt «yd you were pale when she saw you, but I told her it was nothing but London heat.' Hylda had conquered her impulse to throw herself upon her bed and cry when she left her husband, her eyes were shining with a strange lustre, and there waf a vivid spot of color on each cheek ; she had even fcund time to run upstairs and put on a white bonnet which she had at first discarded as too smart, and the congregation gazed at her admiringly as she walked up the aisle. All through the prayers she managed to keep her thoughts at bay, but when the sermon began not even the familiar tones of the old rector's voice could silence them any longer. She had told herself many a time chat she ought to hold her own with Richard, aud that it lay in her power to make him what she wished hiin to be ; she had told herself so, but she had never found courage to make the attempt until her return to her old home had lifted for a moment tho weights thai held her down, aud the only result had been that she was more despairing than before. Sho felt utterly cast down and weary, and the knowledge that she must hide her woes behind a smile seemed to add the last straw to her burden ; but the smile was ready as soon as the service was over, and her greeting to her old friends left nothing to be desired. Richard had apparently forgotten his promise of taking her out in the after noon, for she found a note when Bhe re turned saying that he had gone for a long tramp, but-Bhould be back by dinner time. She glanced apprehensively at her mother as she told her, but Mrs Carlyle was not so enamoured of her son-in-law's society as to feel his absence otherwise than a relief ; his nominal presence was all that she wanted, and she was only too glad to have Hylda to herself. Richard came back improved in temper by his solitary exercise, he may even have been a little ashamed of himself, for he took pains to be civil to Hylda as well as to Mrs Carlyle, and when conversation seemed to flag he offered to read aloud to them. 44 If only he would be like this always," thought Hylda, as she watched his dark head against the light and wondered if it had been only obstinacy and self-asser tion that she had idealised into strength and power. But such thoughts were fatal to peace of mind, and she banished them with the hope that nothing would happen to bring back her husband's black mood. Such a hope, however, was too bright for fulfilment ; Mrs Carlyle announced at breakfast next morning that Mrs Chester- ford had written to say that her husband's brother was with them and that he would very much like to accompany them in the evening, and Hylda saw in a moment that the prospect did not please him. " It was so fortunate," said Mrs Carlyle cheerfully, as she dispensed the tea, 44 Jennings was going to Stowbury on an errand, so I wrote a little note and sent it at once. Mr Craven will be here, but still we should have been a gentleman short, and though it would not have mattered for an informal party, still it is pleasanter to have the right number." 44 Ts Mrs Jennings any better than she- used to be ?" asked Hylda, hoping to 'change the subject. " Oh, yes, my dear. I got her some medicine from an advertisement that has done her a great deal of good. Mr Chesterford gave me such a scolding when he found it out, and Roy told his brother that he was committing an act of schism in reproving one of Mr Craven's parish ioners. You know his amusing way. He is so much improved since he has been working with Tristram ; I am glad you will see him this evening, he and Richard will be sure to find plenty to say to one another — he is not a dull dweller iu the country as I am I" She looked at her son-in-law with a conscious smile as she spoke ; it was an uumistakeable opening for a compliment, and in spite of her age, Mrs Carlyle had not at all lost her love of flattery. But Richard did not seem inclinsd to take the opening, he sat tapping his fork on the table, while his brow grew darker and his lip3 more compressed, and Mrs Carlyle looked at him in surprise. 44 You are thinking about your letters I expect, Richard," said Hylda, feeling that she must do something to improve the situation ; " do you want to catch the early post?" 44 No," said Richard, looking up with a scowl, but remembering luckily that he was not at home, he forced his muscles into a smile. "I have a good deal of writing to do notwithstanding," he added, "so, if you will excuse me, I will go at once." 44 It is quite delightful to see dear Richard so devoted to his work 1" mur mured Mrs Carlyle, as the door closed behind him. Hylda made no reply, she found her mother's determined optimism trying in the extreme, but pride kept her silent. She had thought that she should have to exercise the greatest care in warding off dangerous topics, and with the inconsis tency of human nature she was almost disappointed that there was no need for her precautions. Mrs Carlyle insisted on taking a rose-coloured view of everything, and now and again a chilling suspicion crept into Hylda's heart that she did it purposely, and not because she was blind to the fact that clouds hung over her daughter's sky. It was no doubt tho prudent course to pursue, but she wondered sometimes where she could turn for aid if the storm sliould burst upon her. No one who saw Hylda enter the draw ing-room that evening would have guessed at any secret sorrow in her life. Richard had often told her that if she were always bright and happy, he should always be in a pleasant humour ; the retort was an obvious one, but to tell Richard that if he were always in a pleasant humour she should always be bright and happy, would only have pro voked some of the scornful remarks that she learnt to dread. He looked at her with more softness than he had done for a long time, when she stood before him ready to descend. 44 If you always looked like that," he said, and though the speech carried a sting, it was so long since he had spoken any word of admiration that it brought the colour to her cheeks. It had taken Mr Chesterfori a long time to forgive Hylda, but, as he had no right to take up the cudgels on his friend's behalf against that friend's distinct com mand, lie was ready to meet her in a conciliatory spirit. Hylda was on hei mettle, she talked her best, and entered into every suoject with such ease and vivacity "that the Vicar was fairly astonished. "I don't think r ever saw anyone improve so muoh as Mrs Weston," he ex claimed, enthusiastically, as they drove home that evening. Roy could not forbear a whistle of amazement. 44 1 know you never thought she needed improvement," said his brother good humouredly. but to my mind the change is extraordinary. Her husband must have more in him than 1 ever imagined, for her crudities seem to have vanished away !" 44 On that principle you might advocate marriage with a grindstone," remarked Roy, "there would be nothing like it for wearing one down to a uniform polish." , But, clearsighted as the Vicar thought himself, it was not with him that Lady Carlyle would have agreed that night ; as a rule she differed with Roy on principle and yet as she drove homewards and thought of her sister-in-law's complacent expression, she uttered the oracular words, "I wonder whether we shall live to be glad or sorry that Cecilia was born without sense 1" CHAPTER XVIII. On the morning of the fateful 17th of October Hylda woke early, aud as soon as she was dressed she crossed the gallery and opened the door of her old study. With a touch of superstition she had kept away from the room since her arrival, and she glanced around her with an expectant gaze when she entered as if the ghosts of her past and the visions of her future were waiting to greet her. The blinds were down, and only a faint gleam of light stole in through the windows, but as Bhe raised them she saw that it was a true October day ; heavy clouds floated over the sky, great gusts of wind hurled themselves against the trees, while in the distance the river rushed stormily down through the sodden meadows. It was just what she had longed to see ; for her own sake as well as her husband's she wished the old associations to be revived, and as she stood by the window she let her mind dwell once more on her first introduction to the hero of her dreams. A step in the gallery outside broke in upon her thoughts. She raised her head joyfully and hurried to the door ; Kichard had not forgotten his tryst 1 " Come and look 1 " she said, taking his hand to lead him across the room. " It is so like it was a year ago 1 " " I hope to goodness it isn't," said Richard, "or I shall never get to the station " 44 To the station ? " said Hylda, loosing his hand suddenly. 44 Yes, I've been looking for you to put my things together. I got up early and have had my breakfast already." 44 But where are you going?" " Back to town, of course. You didn't think I was going to stay more than two days in this deadly hole, did you ? " 44 But Richard, mamma thinks we have come for a long visit." 44 Indeed ! 'Mamma' must be unde ceived, that's all. Make haste, there's no time to lose." Tho color had all ebbed away from Hylda's face, and she was looking at him with a dismayed expression that rouBed his wrath. 44 1 never knew anyone like you for making Bcenes," he said, impatiently. " What the use of It is I can't see ; but I suppose you do. I wish you would give me a little peace, for a change." 44 1 wish you would give me a little peace," cried Hylda, passionately. 44 1 never seem to please you now in anything, and yet— a year ago " "Oh! do stop that 'year ago' busi ness 1 " said Richard, turning angrily towards the door. "It is absolutely senseless ; if you would get rid of all your stupid sentiment, there might be some chance of your being some good." Hylda said nothing. She might have learned by experience that, in any con flict with her husband, she was sure to be worsted ; put a refined and sensitive nature into collision with a harsh and ob3tmate one, and only one result is possible. 44 Well, are you going to help me or must I pack for myself 1 " said Richard, after a moment's pause. "I wiil help you," said Hylda, in a low voice, moving towards the door as she poke. " It is really quite unnecessary to make such a fuss," he went on, recovering his "temper as he generally did as soon as he got his own way. 44 1 shall probably run down again next Saturday. It is not to be expected that 1 should stay down here. You can stay as long as you like, of course ; you say that you want me to leave you in peace." Hylda did her packing silently ; after hi3 abuse of her sentimentality, she could not tell him that the real cause of her dismay was his forgetfulness of the tryst they were to have kept ; nothing should induce her to meutiou it now, and she said nothing until her task was finished. " I had better go and see if mamma is dresred " she said, when all was ready. 44 i hat for?" " You ought to say good-bye to her." " I shall miss the train if I do. You've made me late already with your nonsense." 4 4 But it is very unnsual to go off in such an unceremonious way," said Qylda, who dreaded the commeuts of her rela tions almost as much as Bhe dreaded her husband's anger. " You need not be always dinning your good breeding into my ears," said Richard, as he rang the bell for the portmanteau to be carried downstairs. " I know how to behave, thank you. Come, say good- bye, thure's a good girl." He gave her a kiss, aud, taking up his rug, hurried off without waiting for a reply. Hylda listened to his footsteps as they died away ; she would not let herself cry, for she knew that in a few minutes she must meet her mother at the breakfast- table, and she could not hope to explain Richard's departure calmly if she gave way to her tears now. ;\lr3 Uarlyij accepted lier excuses without asking any questions ; she took her daughter for a walk in tho morning and for a drive in the afternoon, and all through the day her cheerful chit-chat fell upon Hylda's worn nerves like the continual dropping of a rainy day. She was thankful when bed-time came, but 1 she could not sleep, and as soon as the house was still, she wrapped herself in her dressing-gown, and went to keep the solitary watch in her old chamber. No one seemed to have made any use of the room since she had left it, and she shivered a little as she set her lamp down upon the writing-table ; the air felt as "chilly as that of a vault, and the mournful fancy crossed her mind that the watch she came to keep was a watch beside the dead. How many hopes and ideas had been born in that room, frail innocents that had been slaughtered by the keen blade of experience 1 She looked sadly at the books that she had left upon the shelves, and wondered whether they felt more lonely and neglected than those she had taken with her, and which spent their days in a certain box at Beryl Villa. But the books could only gaze back at her speech lessly, and, sitting down at che table, she opened one of the drawers, and turned over some of the papers that lay within it. The first thing that met her eye was the syllabus of the lectures that had made such an era in her life ; her hand trembled as she touched it, but forcing herself to the effort, she took it out and laid it before her on the table. 44 The Evolution of Revolt. The Germ of Freedom. Desire passing into Thought and Thought into Expression." How well she remembered the phrases ! Sentence after sentence of Richard's lectures came back to her mind as she sat there, and he could almost hear his resonant voice declaiming the high-sounding periods. What a trumpet-peal his eloquence had been to her then I How was it now it seemed no more than sounding brass of a tinkling cymbal ? Sho tried to think the matter out dis passionately, aa though it were another's interest and not her own. Was it that access to her husband's papers had shown her that most of his utterances were no more than a clever stringing together of other men's ideas ? Not altogether ; it is not given to everyone to be original, and to assimilate the thoughts of others is no crime if they be repeated with sincerity. But here came in the haunting dread ; was Richard sincere in his opinions? She had no doubt that Ralph Rhodes was absolutely sincere, even when he said that every aristocrat and plutocrat ought to be ground to powder and made into bread for the starving populace ; he was mistaken and extravagant of course, but he would have proved his words cheerfully at the stake. But when Richard poured out the foaming torrents of his wrath against tyrants, and urged upon his audience the sublime duty as well as the privilege of Freedom, it was no more than "claptrap," as he would himself have confessed — all in the day's work, and paid for at so much the hour ! With what a sneer would he silence her now if she were to show him the essay that she took from the drawer, and turned over with a pang of remembrance. 44 Every human soul has a right to its ®wn development. Domestic tyranny is as foul a crime as national tyranny, but it will continue to be perpetrated so long as its victims are weak enough to submit." Her pen had flown along the lines with lightning speed, while her cheeks flushed and her eye kindled at the recollection of the spirit-stirring utterances that had awakened her response. She turned to the last page and looked at the blue pencil scrawl that had once been so precious to her — 44 An exceedingly striking and well-written essay." How her heart had glowed as she read it, and now she felt as if her heart was nothing but a heap of grey ashes, in which not one smouldering spark remained. She pushed the papers suddenly away with a feeling of sick hopelessness ; what was Freedom after all — she had snatched at it with eager hand, and had discovered that it was only Bondage in disguise 1 Little as Bhe knew it, the very same matter was being discussed at the same moment in Richard's study at Beryl Villa. He had telegraphed to his future brother- in-law that he was returning to town, and the same hour that witnessed Hylda's bitter vigil saw the two men conversing amid clouds of smoke. ( To be Continued ) 