NARRATIVE OP EVENTS IN CUBA. [From our own Corresnondent.1 NEW YORK. Julv 7. For two or three months past tbe mail for Australia had clued at a time when sonv very important movement in the war was impending, and without an account of that movement or notion mv letter seemed incomplete and disappointing. This time something of the highest interest and imjiortancc has just taken place, and the story of four weeks of w»r is rounded out by the drama tic attempt of Admiral Ceivera to escape iron; Santiago Harbour and the complete .-let-truction oi his fin? squadron of wur smps. The shattered hulks of the llower of bpains navy now lie nn tlie lieach a few miles west of ^.-intiago Harlwur's outer torts, while the brave and courteous Afl luiral is ;i ptisoner of war v.-ith 1.600 of his men. Jt wiltf the news of this tij;ut at sea and tlie report of the safe arrival of (lie first i-onsignment of troops at Mauila that caused an exceptionally ciitliu.-in.«iir cele bration of the anniversary of A merit. in In dcper.dcnre on the 4th in.«t., although re joicing was tempered by sorrow, for the uannrs ot the 1.70D H.Miers killed or jvf.undwl ;n jjle three days' attack upon the C ity of .Sintiago were beinuninj; to appear in the iieu*b|inpers. MAKING AT Gl AXTAX.UtO. The lleet lying off the harbour of San-j tw«o wa» uaitiii): impatiently for the troops when my letter of tour week* apo was |-o«t€-l. Huvinp been led to expect the arrival of the transports within a day or two, Admiral Sampson on the 10th of June liiiidwl 600 niuinos oil the hilly *hore at the n.outli of littantanauio Bay, about thirty tive miles eis* of Siuta;mo.' Tlie season of ttopif-al Rtonus was near at hand, and there wsw i,ee(I of a *ale hiirboiir in u-hich the battleships could find refuge, anil where they cnuM take --oal fro-n the colliers. Tne.se marine^, nearly al! of them recentlv erlistctl, had a hard time of it. In and near the towns on tlie upper shore of the bay were about 3,000 .Spanish regulars and guerilla*, and the mariues. at first oampinc on the rrest of an exposed Mil, were con tinually hanb*ed by the enemy for thir»; days and night-, the attack beginninp a few h«mi- after their arriiij. Hut these raw marines exhibited great courage and nenv, makiiic an effective defence apiinrt th« snerilliis in the Mirrouiulinp bushes, and st'nilinii out Rcoutinj: |Kirtiey. which did «-*mI work. At last, after these men had toupht for nearly three -lays with scarcely any »lt*e|»._ they were reinforc-eil by several hundretl Cubans, who were accustomed to guerilla warfare, .and two warships im proved tlie situation by removing the sub marine mines which were lyinc in the chan nel lending to the upper halt of the bay. The wav having thus been cleared the stronghold of the Spaniards at Caitnenera was shelled, and the forts there were demo lished. Since that time there has been quiet at ftuantanamo. The marines lost loss than ten men, while by their rifles and thi*. shells of the warships about 300 Spani ards were killed. The bodies of fitly -cipht of these wers; found by the American*. Thn mines dra^rd out of tlie channel were of the contact kind, and nothing but the bar n.iclei! on one of them saved the cruiser Marblchcad from destruotion, for the an chorage wires of this one became entanjrled in the ship's profiler, and was thus brought to the surface. The ship had struck one of the 'plungere' or raps, but the l-ar- naclca interfered with the action of it and prevented an explosion. 'IVn mines were found and pulled out. The SpairarWs nwi' Ciuinenera were presented from joininjr the forces at S^nti.ijro by tlie Cubans, antl they are still isolated at that |toint. Here was the first union of Americans and Cuban in Kirgeiitji, the commander of the ragged and hungry reinforcements going on board tlw Marhlehead, where he was received with a Major-General's salute. nUHTI.VC NEAR SANTIAGO. Rut the American army of invasion was not -et at hand. At Tampa, on the Florida mart, 15,000 soldiers under (ieneral Shatter had embarked on thirty-six trans ports on June 8. They had even started on their voyage, but before sundown they were hastily recalled by orders from Washington. In the harbour of Tampa they remained for nearly «ix day*, swoltoring in very hot anil uncomfortable weather. Why were these transports detained? The explanation ]H-int8 to a curious and almoct absurd fear of real and imaginary. Spanish warshi|« which has afflicted certain persons in authority sini-e the beginning of th' war. That fear which caused the employment of our swiftest cruisers as scouts and guards for weeks along the ??oaj't of the New Eng land States, and which was stimulated bv weird talcs of the appearance of Spanish battleships ort the coa»t of Maine and N'ova Scotia two or three times a week. Probably some of these stories were prepared and put in circulation by the members of the S|ian ish Legation at their headquarters in Montreal. Immediately after the trans ports at Tampa had got under way an A met ican pinhoat or armed yacht rejiorted at Kiy West that she had sighted in the night and had followed for three hours off the north coast of Cuba a battleship, three (?misers, and a torpedo-boat, which she believed to lie Spanish. Although the trans i-ort-- were to be acconip:uiieil and tniarded by eleven warships, this story induced the ( !o«-cnimcnt to order them kick to port. At 0 o'clock the following night the w^naJ obscn-er at ('ape Henry, the coant outpost of the irrcat harbour of Norfolk and New port New*, in Virginia, and of Port Monroe, reported that he had sighted a battleship, three cruiser;. and a torpedo-boat, ?'presumably Spanish,' steaming northward. Here was .-mother phantom w|uadn-n. a thousand miles from tlie first one. OlHcers were hastily called from their hotels to their ships, troo|is were aroused, the irans of the fort were manned, and searchlights began u- sweep the ap proaches to the harbour. But the ghosts vanished. It was on account of these tales that the authorities at Washington delayed the departure of Shafter's little army until June 14. But betore the close of that day the boats were off. and alter a |«aicful voy ige ot six days they rounded the eastern [toint of Cuba* and approached the fleet at Santiago. There were forty -seven ships, with the big warrior Indiana leading the tvav. For a day and a half the transports lay about ten miles off shore, while the com manders were perfecting their, plans. General Oarcia, who bad 3,nOU Cubans at Aserraderos. about fifteen miles west of Santiago, was brought to Sampson'* flag ship, but he suffered from seasickness. Therefore Sampson and SliafU-r visited him at his camp in the hills, where an agrev n.ent was reached. On the morning of the 22nd the fleet shelled all tho shore batteries for a stretvh of thirty mile*, but attacked Dost sharply those which were three or four miles west of Santiago, whilf the Sraniardft were misled by the presence in that vicinity of several --olliers. which ««cme«l to be transports. Here a Spanish s»hdl enured a batter-' compartment --n tl»e Texas aii'l killed one man. While the enemy were deceived by this feint the troops besan t-'» land at Baiquiri. sevenu-en miles east of Santiago, where, al a small indenta tion in the hilly coast there «m :, pier useil by an ironmining Company- There was practically no resistance wnaievrr. a tVwSpaniaiils holding a Mockhoiue on a hill were quickly driven away by shots from the warships. The landing consumed the better part of two days. The only mishap .vas the lo.^s of two negro soldiers wh-j fell in the water Weween two Ixiats. Cap tain O'Neill, of the Rough Riders, a regi ment soon to undergo a trying experience, sprang into the sea tu saw them, but they had been cruslied, and could nut W rescued. A few days later this brave olKcer was killed in* tjic att.uk upon the Santiago trenches. Nearly all of Shatter's troop* were regulars; the Rough Riders, first to land, were volunteer cavalrymen, led by Colonel Wood and Lieutenant - Colonel Throilore Uwsevelt. historian, hunter, and n-fonner in politics, who gave up thi* office cf Assistant Secretary of the Navy i* take Piirt in the fighting. This regiment, which has been at the front I without its horses) from the very beginning of the land move ment against Santiago, is an interesting body of meu, recruited from the plains and tattle ranches of the south-west and the country clubs of the millionaires on the north-eastern seaboard. Here grouped to nether were the reckless' cowboy* cf the plains, who admired Roosevelt (himself at times a ranchman), the noted football players of recently graduated classes in the old eastern 'Universities, the polo-players iwl crosscountry riders of New 'tork society, rich and poor side by side, all full of life and eager for the fighting. They lttgged for places at the forefront; they got fi'cl} places, and they fought and died like veterans by the side of the hardiest regu lars in the service. 1 lie coast is n Mu-cession of hills, rising to a plateau, and falling to the basin back of the shore elevations in which tbe city is situated. The country is wild, the inhabi tants are very few. the infrequent roads arc mere iKtths through the dense semi-tropical growth. Near the city the Spaniards have a rough blockhouse on every elevation, sur rounded by trenches and a tangle of barbed-wire fence*. Nearer still are the rifle-pits. The heat was intense, and our soMieis were too heavily clothed. The first troop* to land pushed forward a few miles westward, toward' the harbour forts or the city. At daybreak the next morning the regular cavalry and the Rough Riders, all dismounted (horses left at Tampa), marched to .lurai|ua or Altares. 1.200 Spani ards retiring hurriedly after attempting to burn I lie shops and rolling-stock of the ?ittic railiond skirting the coast and used by the iron-miners. A little sleep, and at daylight on the 24th 6W regulars and 350 Uoush Kiders pressed forward, toiling through she thickets to attack and dislodge 1.300 Spanianfs on the slope of n hill n«ir [Sevilla, .ind at 8 o'clork mere was sharp fighting. There were two columns, half a mile apart, (ieneral Vouna (since disabled) leadim; regulars, anil Colonel Wood com manding regulars ajul Rough Riders. The narrow trail followed by Wood's men was flanked l:y dens? thickets. Suddenly the Spaniard* at ticked from ambush and seve ral men fell. The first to die was young Hamilton Fish, a noted athlete and oarsman, grandson of President (JrantV Secretary of Slate, who conducted the diplomatic negotiations years a^o with Spain when we were on the verge of war over tbe Yirginius affair. N'»ne of tlics-e volunteers flinched. They charred the thii-ketf, dislodged \\}xc Spaniards, i-hasod them across a ravine and up the hill to the blockhouse. There their iin|-etiious advance could not lie stayed. The enemy fled, and the men who hail been ambushed held the little wooden fort, only five miles from San tiago. Rut 22 Americans were dead and ??? wounded. The bodies of 39 Spaniards were f».und. Thi? engagement attracted much at tention because of the behaviour and the losses of the Rough Riders. Fish was well known in New York, where his father (formerly Minister to Bpleiuml is a banker. Captain Capron hail been a recognised aii thoriiiV on horsemanship. The next clay our troopfi advanced a little further and took the heights of Saville, which overlook tbe «.iiy of Santiago. For three or four days following this en gagement there were no exciting event* at the front. The Spaniards had retired to the deieuces near the city. The American ndvance guard moved forward and '?ecu- pied positions which- the enmy had alwn done, until 2.000 men were encam|-cd within four miles of tbe town. The re mainder of the little urmy was strung along heiween the front and toe ba*e* at .hirapia and Haiquiri. Thousands were hard at work making roads and moving up the lig'it ar tillery and supplies. But on the night of June 30 General Shatter ordered an attack for the following morning, thinking he could take the city before July 4, the anniversary of American independence. There were then available for this movement about 12,000 Americans anil 3,300 Cubans, who had been trans ferred eastward from Aserraderos in trans|H-rts. On Friday morning, July 1. began the first general land engagement of the war, and on Saturday night the Americans had lost 1,700 in killed and wounded. The Spanish loss was much larser. and we hail taken hand rods of prixoncn-. Hie American positions formed a semicircle approaching the city from the east, and were as a rule about a mile and a half from tlie main entrenchments of the enemy. Tbe lleet began a bombardment of the forts iu the morning, and continued its work until late in the afternoon, its purpose being partly to assist Cenenil Outfield's attack on Aguadores. which at the extreme left, barred the way by land to Morm Castle. Thi* attack came to nothing, because the enemy had destroyed an indispeitfiblc railroad bridge. There was the hardest kind of fighting all along the line until sundown. The sharpest of it was on the right, where after being repulsed Lawtou s troops captured Li Caney. a fortified village five miles north east of the city. There wore many brave charges up the slopes ot the elevations, an-l upon the Spanish rifle pits. The Tlst New York volunteers showing great courage and ardour, and suffering heavy loss. Our troo|is were beginning to W iiifectal by the climate, lieneral Shatter. l!eneral Young, and -!eneral Wheeler were ill, but Wheeler, the veteran cavalry leader of the Southern Confederacy, was hrqught to the front in an ambulance against the warn ings of his surgeon, and was on a horse be fore tlie close of the day. Night found a considerable number of the Americans sleeping on captured ground. Caney had liven taken, and the Spaniards had been driven from a part of their entrenched line. The Sluttish leader at Caney, General Van. was killed, and Linares, Commandcr in-Chief. was wounded. But it was Uarnul that day that the Spani.-mls were hard lighters, and that Spanish soldiers, unlike the gunners iu ships .ind forts, could shoot accurately with rifles or artillery. They hail an advantage also in using smokelcs* powder, with which our armv and navy have not been supplied. l-ntortiinateiy the .American neavy siege guns were still on the beach at Baiquiri. That night Shsifter JK-giUi to |-erceive tb.it his army w.w not big enough, and on the following duv he sent to Washington an urgent call for reinforcements. Saturday ruoniir.c the battle »'a* resumed, but little wa- ai-»-otiipIi-hed Ivyond the retention of positions already won. although the Spani ard* were driven back at the centre, and ?J'X- primmer* were taken there. The fleet again battered the forts, ami the Oregon'* gunners, after several attempt*, were at last *ucies»ful in footing away the flag on Morra « astlc and demolishing the corner where the -taff had «»nm1. It was on Sa turdaj that the Sicilian!* deliberately and peivisuiitly shot at the litters on which the American wounded were tains: taken away. On Sunday morning. -Inly :\\. Shatter de nuindid the surrender of the city. The Spaniards- would not comply. Wherepon warning was given that wnmon and child ren should leave the h»wn taf-.w 10 a.m. on tlie 4ih. but al tJte request oi the foreign CoikiiIs the threatened Ix.mbanlment was po.«tiK-ned until noon on the 5th. After ward it was decided that American lives could be saved by waiting for reinforce incuts, ami lS.OiJrt men are now on the wav In Santiago. The Spaniards are brave, well .iriiei' and entrenched in their 'last ditches.' They were reinlorvcd on -undav liv t!,t«i men from. MaazaiMlW*. whose ad vance the Cubans could not witlisuuiJ. THF. NAVAL KNUACKMENT. The battleships were lying lazily off the mouth of the harbour on Sunday moruing. when al hail-past 9 tlie Christobal Colon, swiftest of Ceryora's tine cruiser*, unex fiectedly hove in sight in the narrmv en trunce. ad valuing M full speed, her funnels Mchiii'.' great volumes ot smoke. Sump miii had sailed eastward seven miles with tho riugsliip. but Commodore S-liley and the Brooklyn were on guard. The Brook lyn at once set her signals and advanced to meet Ccrvcrn. The four great battleships ueie ready. It appears thar Cervera had !,i-jn-f erred his flag to the Infanta Maria Teresa, desiring V* survive or jierish with the main body oi bis squadron, and hoping that the following cruisers might, perhaps by sacrificing themselves, promote the escape of the Colon. 'Ine leader turned and followed the coast westward. One after | the other the three other cruisers and the ? two swift ''destroyers' passed out, all turn ing to the west. Mono thundered at the American fleet, and Schley was willing that the fugitives should make a little headway ih order that the guns of the fort should become harmless. But there was scarcely any perceptible delay of the attack. The battleships closed in upon the doomed cruisers, the pride of Spain's navy, and the American gunners were speedily striking at their vitaU, reaching with wonderful accur acy the strip on the side where, as they ki-ew, the Spanish armour belts were thin. Ceryera's ships were constantly using all their available guns, and there was « hor rible din along that] lovely shore. The battle, so far a» all except the Colon were concerned, lasted but little more than one nour. At the end of two hours three crui »ers and the two destroyers were shattered and burning hulks on the beach. The '.'ol«-n survived tor almost four hours, and bteamed forty- five miles westward before bhe was run upon tlie rocks. Surviving sailors say that they were plied with liquors by the officers to give them courage, and that when the gunners moved to -tesert their guun because of the terrible severity of the American fire they were shot down by their suj-criors. On tlie \ is eays 1ft*. men were killed. One after another the three cruisers, all of them in flames from exploded American sheJls, were run upon the beach, anil their surviving men were rescued and held as prisoners by boats' crews from the victorious lleet. 'I he stranded ships, blackened and twisted by the fires, when ins|-eeted on the following day, furnished abundant evidenve of the accuracy of the American aim. and many flead bodies were seen around them and on their decks. The Colon was followed l.y the Brooklyn and the battleship Oregon. At the beginning of the fight the two swifu destroyers. Furor and Hilton, were boldly attacked hy the converted yacht Gloucester— formerly a New York' millionaire's corsair— which battered them with her fix-pound guns until they outstripped her on their west ward course. This yacht seemed to have a charmed life, for tlie destroyers and the Morro gunners were trying to smash her thin sides. After a lime she had a second opportunity, for the destroyers, attacked by the biu Indiana, sought to escape by re entering the harbour. This time the I'lon ccster's guns left nothing undone. Tlie two bcits were driven on ihe beach in a sink in:; Monditioii, and one of them blew np immediately after her men had left Ik?i\ Then the yacht's boat took Cervera from the wrecked .Maria Teresi, and as tlie weeping Admiral came on board tlie tJloucestt'r a prisoner, his hand was grasi»wi by her com mander, Lieutenant Wainwripht, who said, 'I con*rrai.ul:itf- von. sir. unon havinc made p.s gallant a tight as was ever seen on the 5ea.' But Wain wright was thinking of the Maine in the Harbour of Havana. He hail l*«n the Maine's executive officer. The last to leave his ship on the night of the explosion, he was constantly engaged for weeks afterward in work ii|wn the wiwk. at first taking out the bodies of the poor seamen, and afterward in procuring evi dence for the Court of Enquiry. Undoubt edly he admired the courage of Ceivera: Ivjt after the stricken Admiral had gone to the cabin, he said to his men. 'The Maine is r.veugcfl.'' And if one looks only at the two navies, how long is the list of Spain's losses, as compared witfi our own? Kx cluding the Maine and the 266 seamen who went down with her two months before, the bcpni-in^ of the war, how does the account stand? Spain has |n.«t the lour or five cruisers and the two new and .»wifi: 'torpi- dtros' of Cervera's squadron, her entire fleet or fifteen or more vessels in Manila l»ay. together with numerous merchantmen, wliile several gunboats in Cuban liarbourn have been disabled. With all these have gone not l«-s* than '00 live, and we have taken 1.600 prisoners, including the enemy'* foremost Admiral. On the other hand, we have not lost a ship, nor has any American vessel, except the tor)Y*d° boat on which Itegley died, been scriou«ly injured. At Manila no American was killed. 'During the attack upon Cervera's squadron only one American life was lost: and the nuniher ?»f Americans in the navy slain sin.e the beginning of hostilities dues not exceed fif teen. ANNEXATION OF HAWAII. At last the Hawaiian Islands have for mally been annexed to the I'nitcil States by ;oint resolution of i'ongress. In the House of KcpresenUtivw some weeks ago the vot« was 209 lo 9i. 18 Democrats ;uid a dozen 1'opulists standing with 170 Republicans in the itfiinnaiivc. The objecting minority in the Scnato prolonged the contest by many li.ng speeches, but the tiiiiil vote was taken ycsleniay, aiid the resolution was i-avried. 5(5 to 33.' ii the pairs be counted. While a Iar4c majority ot the negative votes in both Hou«c- were cast by Democrats, party lines were imt closely drawn on this, question. In the Senate eight Democrats were in favour o: annexation, and six prominent Kejtiihiicans op|H-»ed it. The views of the American jieoplc concerning the retention of conquered Spanish islands and the es tabiisliMient of what may be called a colonial policy, are not accurately indicated by this solution of the Hawaiian problem, w'hicli was ;ui old one. While the drift of opinion at Washington to-day is decidedly in favour of keeping the Philippines and I'w.o Iiico, niter these shall have been taken. I am confident that the attitude of the people generally toward this question is yet to lie determined. Foreign observers in ' Washington may We. been misled by the croze lor expansion which prevails there. The people have thought very little about this matter, because their minds can not be diverted from the daily record of the progress of the war. 1 1 by-aiid-by the Rei.'iiblicaii partv should nuike a |mliey of expansion the chief plank in iu platform lor tlie November elections, it would then in all probability be sup|»orted l\v nine ttntlis of the Republicans, and by a con siderable huuiIkt of Democrats ami Popu lists. Democratic leaiiers ;ire in iliKigree nicMt on this subject: the tendency among Republican politicians is now toward tile adcptimi »f a policy of extension: but it is loo early for any one tn iuwumr that America lias alivaily dw.i»le-l to give up the MoBP-e d-K- tritie. hold all of Spin's c«-louial piwsessions lit once a« quired ?? maintain a large army, and boconK» a jKirty to the quan-el* o» Kurojicaii l'ow«rs in the Ka-t. Certain enthusiasts who see tlu- de parture already taken, should n.-t i-ver- look tho fact that not -et have we ckvu pieil the I'hilippines or atteinpwd »hc sul» iugalion of Puerto Rio-. while we have only begun lo cspel the S|kiiuVIi fours from i.'uba. ? 