MR. BARTON AT NORTH SYDNEY. At tho School of Arts at North Sydney on Saturday night, Mr. Barton, in addressing a largo audience, said that he had just concluded an extensive tour, and he. could say that, the opinion »i,A ooimfrv wns sfi overwhelmingly in favor of Federation that no further advice to tho citl- zena of Sydney was needed to show that their brothers wore with them. Thero was such a large majority in favor of the bill that he had bad a triumph at every place he had visited. He' did uot take that triumph to himself, but to bis fellow-citizens, who know what was wise and just. (Applause.) In less than a week they would be confronted with the necessity of deci ding this question according to what each ono for himself thought to bo right and Just, and in order to mako that decision they must consider the bill. A good deal had been said in opposi tion to tho measure, but tho dangers of Fede ration under it all dopended upon the "ifs" and "supposes" of those who wero condemning tho proposed Constitution. Thero had been a good deal of misrepresentation about the whole of tho bill, but ou no provision had misrepresenta tion run so rampant as on tbo subject of Federal finance. Much misrepresentation was founded upon tho supposition that tho Commonwealth was to meet all the engagements of tho States. But there wan no such proposition. The bill left tho cbolco of a fiscal policy absolutely to the people of Australia. If.it did not leave that open, he certainly would not be found sup porting it. Those who stated that the wbolo of tho rovenuo had to bo raised through tho Customs were singularly, ignorant of the pro posed Constitution. Tho hill sought to imposo no restriction as to tho way in which tho Com monwealth would raise its rcvouuo. When tho Commonwealth was established, it would have no special revenue of its own, hut as there was a continual stream of revenue through tho Cus toms that rovenuo would bo taken to moot tho necessary expenditure, until tho Federal Parlia ment had decided upon other means. Many pocple thought that iraat that the Common- wealth was restricted to Customs and cxciso for Its revonuc, and that was a point on which tlioro had been a good deal of misrepresenta tion by people who wero moro astute than hon est. They had taken advantage of that pro vision to work upon the feelings of tho public with tho object of persuading them that no re venue could be raised except by way of Cus toms and excise. Gross was a faint word to use to describe tho misrepresentation which had been going on upon this subject. Then tho sup position that the Commonwealth was to be over loaded with expenditure was all nonsense. The Federal Parliament would not take upon itself a lot of expenditure all at once. It would tako over departments just when It was ready to do so. (A Voice: "Then, when do you get Fede ration?") Thoy did not get perfect Federation until the Federal tariff was passed Into law. Tho Federal Government could not say precisely what a uniform tariff would bring In to the different colonics until It had had experience, nnd that experience would be gained during the five years of the bookkeeping system. The statisticians who had endeavored to prophesy what a tariff would yield had "fallen in." If they had adop ted tho per capita system, any surplus revenue In Now South Wales would have gone to moot tho necessities of the other colonies, but under the system which bad been adopted nny surplus which might exist would be returned to this col ony. Tbo suggestion to federalist) the railways was an impossible one. and would not moot with any support. Other systems bad been pro posed. but they would not be so equitable as the one adopted in the bill. Ho granted that the system under tho bill meant a higher tariff. Tlie Finance Committee had estimated tho tariff at from £(>.500.000 to £7.000.000, but he regarded that estimate in just the same way as he did the estimates made by anybody else — they were mere ly speculative. He believed It would not be more than £0,500,000. At the present time the colonics raised through tlmlr Customs £5.700.000, so that, taking his estimate as correct, thoy would have to raise £300.000 more than they did at present. If tliey carried tliotr minds back a few years, they would remember that this colony alone, under a very slight Customs duty, realised £000.000, and that with a population which was ISO. 000 less than It was now. The surplus In New South "Wales, whatever il was, must be of a continually diminishing quantity; but it would come back, and it would be dealt with by the representatives of the people ac cording to the directions of the people them selves. As to the actual cost of Federation, ho asserted It would not bo more than 3s 2d per head, which would amount, to vid per head per week. "The Dally Telegraph" might howl about that, hut It could not rub out tho d. That was all it would cost. He asked them not to listen to irresponsible pcoplo who told theiu fairy tales or ghost stories upon the subject of finance. Tlie meeting was rather disorderly at times, owing to the continued interruptions of two men. who were eventually forcibly ejected. Be fore Mr. Barton commenced his address, which was prolonged until nearly 11 o'clock, Mr. George Walton sang the patriotic song which is now being rendered as a prelude to some pro-bill speeches. The usual resolution in favor of tho Convention Bill was agreed to. 