A DOCTOR'S STORY. 1 -We were three friends very rcotafort • -ably domiciled In a. single suite of rooms .cm B-— street, in near vicinity to the IJ Medical College, Which we attended. . r '* r One of. us was Hollander a gentlemanly, handsome youtb, of too tender a nature for a doctor, we thought, but a very accomplished fellow in Lis studies, nevertheless. The second of our trio was a thicktongued, red- faced Russian, whose fierce eyes, shaded by long lashes, gave an impression of evil always dispelled when Lis white teeth and good nature were revealed in a very pleasant anile. He was remarkably arduous in his pursuit of knowledge, and sometimes -scrupled not to resort to questionable means, which were betrayed to us by bis muddy boots and clothing when fee re-appeared after a night-long absence, introverted and unquestioned. As for myself, let it suffice to say that although my fortune was meagre my heart was light, and ignorant of any .graver care than the preparation for tomorrow's recitations. While Hollander was studying, and the Russian experimenting. I am afraid I was too often found perusing some light love-tale or •thrumming my guitar. My idle spirit was as deaf to Hollander's friendly admonitions as to the Russian's grunts of scornful disapprobation. But the tranquil tenor of my life was abruptly terminated by a disturbing influence I had never anticipated, when one fine afternoon I fell in love with Estelle Grayton. To end the tale <sf ray enthralment in the fewest words. I availed myself of anany opportunities for meeting the fair Estelie. and in no long time the influ-, •race of a passionate, abiding attachment infiltrated my entire being, and was not, I felt assured, unreciprocated. I was little disturbed by my friend Hollander's good-natured raillery, but I fell so sharply nettled under the Russian's coarse banter, that I would often retort in the bitterest terms, and appear so distressed that the twinkle in Hollander's eyes gave place to a look of sympathy and reproof, by wkich the Russian was awed into silence. At this juncture of my affairs I returned one evening from my accustomed visit in a most forlorn and wretched mood. Estelie was ill- I could learn nothing more from the servant than that she was delirious; and, though tormented by an insatiable thirst, she suffered the severest spasms at the mere eight of water. I stood for an hour or more watching the shadows which pcssed across the curtains of her chamber window, like clouds across the bright firmament of my happiness. The next evening I learned tliat she tad been taken away for more skilful treatment of a disorder which threatened her life; whither, the servant, who was our sole confidant, was uncertain, and apparently without any good reason for her belief that it was to France. I was inconsolable and fretfully intolerant of the kindly efforts of my two friends to interest me in new researches and experiments. The lecture-room, the dissecting-room, the hospitals, even the theatre, presented no allurement of my grief-stricken spirit. I wandered the streets during the daytime, and at night I haunted the home of my beloved one, hungering for the merest scraps of news concerning her. I suppose I showed so severe effects of my anxiety in my pale face and sunken eyes that i' really alarmed my friend, Hollander, who finally insisted upon a change or scene and air, and accompanied me to a quiet watering-place near - L——. where we remained a week. A lover's solicitude for his sick mistress is not to be" cured by sulphur baths and draughts of brackish mineral water.and and. it was with this conviction that •we returned to "our lodgings in B street at the end of the aforesaid time. We found our friend, the Russian, in nothing more interested than in the analysis of a mad dog's brain- Nothing was wanting to complete his happiness, he said, but a human brain similarly affected with which to compare the canine's. Hollander became immediately interested in this experiment, which promised novel discoveries and developments. They vainly sought to interest me in their theories. What was a mad dog's brain to me? My own was mad enough. . Fired with youthful ardor, and the true student's yearning for a deeper understanding of a puzzling proposition, my friends searched the wards of several of the large city hospitals, and returned on the evening of the following day elated by several discoveries. The cases represented the different phased an 5 stages of tfee disease, but their interest laj chiefly in a single case in the <3 Hospital. Their patient was a beautiful young girl, they told. ms,whose young life must soon succumb to the dreadful malady. The Russian's only eorrow arose from the fact that her friends would probably never permit her beautiful person to lie upon the dlssecting-table. If she were only ugly, or friendless, or old, what great benefits would accrue to science from her misfortune. On the morning after the funeral of the -unhappy girl. Hollander so artfully united the interests of the fair patient Slid her malady that I became deeply attentive to his elucidation of his theory of the disease. He dwelt so long upon the special importance of direct comparison between the human and the canine brain in the study of the distemper, that'll soon perceived him to have become 'familiarised with the idea of a certain hazarhous, hideously repulsive project, which the Russian" had. doubtless, proposed to him long before. He ended his discourse with a direct proposal of the venture, for which I was not unprepared. .His. strong influence over me, the stronger because hitherto only exerted for'my good, together with a wild notion of sport, and a mad desire to forget for a time the pain in. my beart, availed to win me to partake in the venture. It was left to the Russian to make ail needful preparations, an." at midnight -we set forth fully equipped for the work before us. We threaded a. wearisome maze of deserted, echoing streets,- and near the end of half an hour, approached a little chapel, which stood before a •gloomy, silent churchyard. Already I Ład mare than once repented of my rash ' participation in the affair, and would now have abandoned it had I not febred "the Russian's taunts and Hollander's contempt. The former now lighted a lantern, and led the way from the Street through' a gate into the churchyard, and along a \- path between the graves. After a Ionj -search he paused beside a mound of fresh-turned earth, and pointed to a •wreath which his own handrf had laid upon it as .a mark of its identity. "This 5s the grave," he said. "Wait here; I will return soon." He disappeared,.and left us standing there in thoroughly wretched, trat somewhat consolatory, companionship. I jrew near to Hollander, and gazed fearfully about me'.in the gloom ' The -deep shades seemed to mask" ail familiar; shapes in ghostly covers.; . Old tomb- • clones, blackened and' stained i>y_.-mańy; years' espbsjare, 1 and'; overgrown, with Snoes, peered out from dark"«treaXs; of, Bought jto ihcUm. themselves to restful. iaitiUxdes. For a momeot' the; imooii broke through a cloud, and the dancing,l quivering .snadoyvs beneath my feet appeared the phantoms of that life with! which the fertile grove in the daytime must have teemed. After a few moments the Russian reappeared, bringing a -pick "and,' two' spades, which he had procured, in an outhouśe near the chapel. He handed us the spades, and. raising tlie ^ pick, buried it in the mound with a thud which sent a thrill • of horror through me. "We must work hard," he said. "It is now one o'clock." They had made considerable pro-, gress In the work of exhumation before I felt able to assist. When we had reached, a depth of three or four feet the Russian suggested that I should remain outside and act as guard. I gladly acquiesced, and, with whatever consequence to my weakened nerves, would have rejoiced to ^ave had any reason to alarm them from achieving that hideous purpose. After the labor of a half- hour we heard the thud of the pick upon the wood of the box enclosing the coffin. In a few minutes the last shovelful of earth was thrown out, and the lids of i the box and coffin removed. At the Russian's request I handed down to him the darit lantern, also a covered vessel and case of surgical instruments which he had brought, and then, nearly fainting, I retired out of view of the operation. Still, by some strange fascination, I held my eyes fixed upon the open grave, which appeared like a lighted window in the abode of ghosts. A moment afterwards I heard again the Russian's voice. "Pass down those gloves in my coat pocket," it said, and added, in a lower tone to Hollander. ""She was a. beautiful girt. What hair! What features!" I approached the grave, and, in some, curiosity, aroused by the last remark, I stooped to gaze on the pallid face in the coffin. With -one wild shriek I started back, and felL "Oh, what is this? My Gcd! Estelie! Estelie!" Instantly I felt a rough hand upon my mouth, and faintly heard the Russian's muttered curse and admonition, "Be still, you fool! or " A long period of unconsciousness followed, from which I was revived by feeling a glass of water at my lips, and I opened my eyes upon the familiar furniture of my room, whither my two friends, with untold effort, had carried me from the scene of our unfinished enterprise. Por months afterwards I was intolerably distressed by .the mene thought of that night's revelation. But it wrought a salutary change in my habits, and made of me the semblance of a man.— "West Lothian Courier." 