Short Story... The Tragedy of Roger Neville. ' .! I prom the Mils of ' Us'heenin.qre tjhe^ar-' I jpreading, heath-covered^ bog looked* I ieaWy a place of beauty in tHe^tiil'siiiri-1; I jner evening. So peaceful and .inciting' I jt was that I was sorry the old 'fiddler I lad told rot of the tragic l.stpjy :',tliat;' I «iifr It memorable in the .traditions of. '*? the countryside. To be sure, J ' kiieV; I that its pleasant guise was deceptive^ ? 1 1 there were deeps and pools and;-.€juag-;J I jjircs amid the tufted heath in pWc.es, I and fl'rk ;1IKl 'SK they were. For all I that, in the covering of heath and bios I gom the whole looked so restful and I vrinning in the distance, so much in ' I character with the far-away, old- world ; I district that I learned to love so much; ? iaVhose holiday times, 'that I felt '.the \- ! tragic story was a grim and impertinent i intrusion. I \bove, among the bills, the old Gristle of Usheenraore lost somefhing of its ruined and sombre guise in the grace - \- of the sunset 3iour. Yet once I turned ?;. all the restful sense and beauty of.. d evening was gone ; I could jaot ! 'iicii my mind from the thought of it* old days of riotous and abandoned anil unhallowed lives. The Nevilles of Uslieonmore had lorded it over 'fife' dis- trict from lime immemorial, and in our freer and happier days it is somewhat '?? difficult to credit all the evil tales of! ??? their perverse and dare-devil careers, i Jiow cruelly and cavalierly they treated '?'' their dependants and their tenants,'?h'ow ' they defied law and eonveh'tldn'' and ,5 custom : how their very devilry secured s£ tliem a sneaking regard in the whole ?# ? neighbourhood withal. TTsheenmore is -: lonely, and dull, and world-forgo.tten to f day. 'yet the old folk by their ^chimney i corners in their winter evenings tell ! manv stories in which the desperate 'i Xe-i'llt1*5 are hero-tinged and idealised; and rlie tone and the reflections and the , crooning sub-notes of regret give one ?i more than the suspicion that they wish ? the wild days of the Nevilles were back. i But let me tell you of the tragedy of ? Roger Neville, the last landlord of Us :;: heeumore. In his gray old age, people ?i: whispered that his youth and early 'man-' f hood liad surpassed the worst 'stages i even of earlier 'Neville desperation. '' He I and his comrade, Jack Kinton, an tm ;- peeunious neighbouring squireen, tad 'j Iicen the partners in a. run of shady ex | ploite and transactions. It was 'even [ hinted that they had descended to high I way robbery and burglary— at least that i Kinton had. At last ihe was obliged to S fly the country very suddenly, for a : warrant for his arrest on very serious charges was in the hands of detectives. , He had a close shave, a narrow escape, ?for rhey had hemmed him in practically. . on all sides, and for one nigflit he was i obliged to sleep in the depths of the cold \ heath of Usheeninore. But he gave \hem the slip. He did more, for Ihe suc :»eded in abducting the no longer young ivife of his friend, Roger Neville. In after days they were indeed evil tale bearers who said that they had -lnne r?o at the connivance of Roger. who had grown utterly riivd and sick of Mrs. Rose Neville, who was several years liis senior. 'More ilian that, there was one particularly ovil set of tongues w1iicb insisted' that Kinton cared nothing for Mrs! Rose;7 that, lie sim-pled inveigled her away 'to murder her. in accordance withi a pre-' 'viously-arranged and diabolical scheme \- i which would release his friend Roger of a burdensome partner. These stories , nvre whispered and discussed for' a de cide aftei-. but who could say if there was an iota of certainty in any of them? ; At any rate, Roger got his divorce, and ??many years later, after a visit to Lon ulfcn. brought home his second wife, a \- /onng and lovely woman. ' ten thousand tines too good for the old sinner,' said ?' UsTieenmore. i.It leaked out somehow that the pair ' l^vere not happy— the old story of ' crabbed age and youth.' 'And besides some inkling of her husband's past seemed to have reached Millicent— as! the young wife was called. In anyvease,~ Usheenmore Castle was no place 'for a lifeful young creature like hei\ It was drowsy, cumbrous, gloomy ;' and- very; seldom was it graced by the presence of congenial spirits. As the years went on, old Roger grew more sullen and fretful',' more averse to leaving the Castle teven' : for a day. People said that the tyranny of the past was upon him ; that ' the /ghosts of evil times were about .Win. BY 1 that as it may, in those closing years tie -|-vas the picture of a cursed and bitter j and hunted man. He had yet another . A .worry ; he was in the deeps of debt. .'' . Vf One night as he chatted by a/ dying i fire with Millicent, he had a strange a visitor. A ragged, starved, despieable II looking ?rn-etch forced his way into the II room, When Roger rose 'up in his wrath if at the intrusion rlie ragged' wretch II laughed a little bitterly. ? ? II 'There was a day,' he. said, ' when II you'd be glad to nee me, Roger. .Don t §M you care to give a sheltering corner to— !? well, my old name was Jack Kinton ; im but the bloodhounds of the law, who I are after me, know me under other M names, and for— well, other tilings.' ? Jioger Neville grew pale and angry, S but for a little while he was incredu H lous. ? ? ? ' Oh. I'll tell you a few things -that ? will convince you of my identity,'- said ; H the new comer. ' In this very room one H wild night, ever so many years ago, when H Hose was— no matter about that— you B said to me suddenly.' Jack KintonVyou ? know the burdensome tie that is—' ' ? ' Stop, and be d ? to you.' shouted-. B R--.'or : 'your vokr has not changed so1 ? innc-Ii after all. and'noiy I know you.' ? Tl'on casting a furtive glance at Milli ? win. he added. ' I don't want fo hear of B those frivolous old times.' ? Tin. other Inuslied an ugly laugh, Mil ? licent rose abruptly and left the room.; ? The newcomer jarred «n her utterly. ? Besides she was unduly sensitive, pco ? ]ih' noricesi. to any reference toliM Jih.s ? IVand's past. . „ ..... , ? Itcger Neville and Ivinton talked to: H get her. for hours. . . . : . ? Long after midnight Roger -Neville was ? aroused by an old servant fpom -his B sleei-. -Tack Kinton had called for Oiim. ? Some sudden change had. conVe over B Kinton, and he spoke of death. P Roger was surprised at the added change that an hour or two had wrought. Before retiring his uncouth visitor (bad seemed to pull up a little. Now the colour of death was in his face. He motioned to the other to close the door fast. ' I'm dying,' he groaned. 'I thought lately I hadn't long to go, but- I -I- didn't loiow 'twas so near. I've burst a. blood-vessel. I' thinker Yes, it's m- go. I'm booked.' ' Wfill. Roger.' he. said faintly,' we've 3uid many wild days together.- I— I— can tell you something worth telling be 1 wo. I came back at last to dig up \- -lots irf ijold— io a. solid box— that I buried long ago— when the law-dogs were after me.' ,!'.-Yhere ?' asked Roger feverishly. The other's mind began to wander. .His word.s-were a jumble, 'The bog, .the -bogj! Jie ; munabled at last. '., ,rjloger was | jin: '.a .fever. ?'Where- .aliiauts ??' , ^e criea\ eagerly, des perately: ' Tfie^ttief'^ language was : ih ?^cbherent/'Roge'r stampfe'd Ms: foot ner ?VOl]sly.';''' :''!': ':' '!:;:' :'''' ';::: ;— .:' ???-??-: '\JBelow the Hunter's Tuft by the car nr^atil-7teH'Ij'hraa south from the Tuft— Jije.n*teii yards' east'fronv the car-road,' .tie . muttered at last. 'Beware, the devil ah'drhisiriipsare-on the spot— be;- ware '-' ' ' ?????.''?????? ?'?: .'v ;?;???;::??'??; . .-.- ;.;.;..;: '?'? ' Tell .me;', -whispered Roger again. *' Tetl'meriwtiere you— buried-^Rose that in,f grriai-: tiine. I know you made away .withjheri^ Hei* face? lias haunted ^iind .cuiised mev.f or years. And I'd like to ktiftvy-^r-' - ' .'??.. ';???- ..'.-? '?-, j: '?'?'. 'y~ '???But'Jafik Kinion was dead. . . .?'.-'? Ali ixour .before vttie' dawn,' Roger Ne villewas diggiug 'deep for the expected treasure in' the spot indicated below the Hunter's Tuft. He was feverishly exul tant at' the* thought1' of the anticipated -vealtih'r He tlioil'glif not' of .tack Kinton lving 'cbl'd; dead, and neglected in the ;ca%. j:. :?':.- ; ?-??????; . ? . .He started back aghast. Horror of horrors11 What had he dug up ? A wo uian's'bodj'/' -A Roman's body preserved by -the '??peculiar ; soil -all those odious years. 'And! it wras— the body of his first \\--ife, Rose ! . . . He lay on the heath and groaned.' Now,- lie dimly understood; nay, he thought^'lie1 nnderstood clearly. Kin ton's* mind -had been wandering at the , last.1 He had confused the place of the treasure and. the spot where ? be bad buried .the .hapless woman in that old ,evif -'time: What a ghastly ironic . mis take ! He-r— « A soft step, beside tiini made ihim rise and turn' in dismay. An oath escaped ?him, wtien'ie found 'himself face to face ivyith M!llicent.: She gave one wild cry and put Tier liands to her face. ' Why' Sid you fdllow me ?' he gasped —for Ms voice had all but failed him. ' More of your— your— suspicions. Oh, go, go back ! I will explain all when I return, 'when thave buried this hapless body. It is Kinton's old, evil work. I swear I! -a'm no murderer.' Sobbing convulsively, Millicent Neville hurried away, from that terrible scene. She: was -in the throes of fever when ber busband reached the castle. She never' recovered, poor sweet soul ! ' And Usheenmpre to-day looks so peaceful and sweet you would never as sociate it ?with a tragedy.— ' Weekly Sun.!' '-? ' 