CHAPTER IV. Hobgoblin Once More. Will-shake-his-paw, the kangaroo poet, had crept to the top of the coachhouse at the begin- ning of the fray, and watched all that went on with the most intense interest. He afterwards wrote an epic on the whole affair, but as it was composed of eleven cantos, each canto containing five or six hundred lines, no on could be induced to read it! He made up for that, however, by reading it enough himself, for all the rest of the world, and never reading anything else! So he sat on the top of the coachhouse now, quite free from all danger, and peeped through the hole in the roof at the fight raging down below. The goblins were really half mad with rage and excitement, they fought anyone and anyhow. Then suddenly arose the cry - "Down with Hobgoblin! Down with Hobgoblin!" The whole mass of them rushed pell mell at the unfortunate Hobgoblin, and he would assuredly have been torn to pieces, but there arose another cry - "The Ghost! The Ghost!" They all shrank back, for there, at the entrance to the Coachhouse, stood Scarletto! The rumor had spread that a ghost had been seen in some of the caves, and now, when they saw this curious, shrivelled-looking creature, different in color from any of themselves, their eyes nearly started from their heads, while their jaws dropped with fright. Hobgoblin seized the opportunity to fling him- self on his knees before the goblin he had so cruelly wronged. "I know I pushed you in," he sobbed in terror, “but save me, oh save me! They'll tear me to pieces! You're a ghost; they're frightened of you. Keep them off; ah, keep them off, keep them off, keep them off!" His voice rose to a perfect shriek. Scarletto placed his hand protectingly on his shoulder. "Fear not; I will save you." "Give him back to us! Give him back to us!" yelled all the Goblins, but taking care to make no forward move. Scarletto faced them. "You bees!" he said; and this was a bitter insult, for Goblins all hate bees. “You miserable sandflies! You mosquitoes \- all buzz and sting! Is that the way you fight now, a thousand against one?" There was no answer. They stood huddled up together, staring at this Goblin Ghost who called them by such harsh names, in tones of such bitter contempt. "Ah, you are silent; but before I came your voices were shrill enough, you swarm of screaming lo- custs!" In the days gone by the most fearful thing that one Goblin could say to another was to call him a locust; and even now, degenerate as they were, they could not quite brook this insult from anyone, ghost or no ghost; and the Rainbows (the quietest regiment of them all) rushed furiously at Scarletto. He flung Hobgoblin behind him, and doubling up his fists, hit out right and left as only a well- bred Goblin can, and sent the leaders of the Rainbows spinning backwards. They picked themselves up and glared at Scar- letto, whilst the rest drew back. "What is the use of trying to fight a ghost?" they growled - “a ghost who fights with bricks?" "I am no ghost," said he, "and I used not bricks, but fists!" "Who are you, then?" Scarletto looked at Hobgoblin, and did not answer for a moment. "Never mind who I am. I was a Goblin once who fought and led Goblins such as you - nay, not as you, for my Goblins did not spit, and scream, and scratch, nor did we fight a thousand to one." The Goblins looked ashamed, as well they might, and dimly came back to some the memory of a time when they, too, had been very different, and when the word "fists" had not been a mere name to them. “Why are you all so angry with him?” asked Scarletto, then, looking down in pity at the wretched Hobgoblin, who crouched at his feet. "The Men are in the Mammoth," they replied, in subdued tones. “And is that his fault?" Again they hung their heads, and did not speak. "Oh, my brothers, is that the part for an honest Goblin to play - to tear another to pieces because the Men are in Mammoth? Is there not nobler work to be done than tormenting harmless kan- garoos? Is all your Goblinhood gone from you that you only scratch, and bite, and kick, and shrink in fear from the blow of an honest fist?" He went on in the same strain for hours. All the Goblins listened in wonder, shame, and de- light, while Will-shake-his-paws dropped tears through the roof of the Coachhouse upon them. "And now," said Scarletto, in conclusion, "my friends, my more than friends, my comrades, my brothers, go and seek new caves. There are many, for few dream how far-reaching they are; but waste no more time in petty quarrels, in screaming and scratching. Farewell, my brothers, farewell!" He made a movement as if to go, but stopped and added, half smiling, "Will you take this for your motto in future, 'Fists not claws?' Once more, farewell!" "Stay! stay! stay!" they cried; "stay, and be our leader. We need such as you." "Nay," he answered, "you have your leader here," and he raised Hobgoblin and set him on his feet; but Hobgoblin only clung to him, crying, ''No! No! No!" and would not show his face. Meantime the others all talked apart. Who could this be who knew them all so well, who had such knowledge of the Caves, who told them all their faults, yet called them brothers; who spoke such grand, such inspiriting words? "Who are you?" they asked again. "Tell them," Hobgoblin whispered. "Nay," he answered, a little proudly; "that is not for me to say." “Who are you?" they cried a third time. "Who am I?" asked Scarletto softly of Hobgob- lin, and Hobgoblin, raising he head, cried wildly: "Hobgoblin!" and fell at his feet. Scarletto squared his shoulders and held him- self erect. "Do none af you remember me?" he said. And as they looked he became more and more familiar to them; his skin seemed to fill out and grow more scarlet; his eyes shone and sparkled, and sent out brilliant black flashes, as of yore. Then a great cry rang out that filled all the Coachhouse: “HOBGOBLIN!" The Goblins danced and leapt in the air for joy at seeing him again, for he had been very popular a hundred years ago, and there had been great lamentations when he mysteriously disap- peared. Now they crowded round with eager questions. Where had he been, what had he been doing all these years? Then Hobgoblin raised his head again, and in spite of Scarletto's efforts to stop him, spoke out: "I pushed him in the underground river. How he escaped I do not know; but he was the ghost, his the cries we used to hear. For a hundred years he, the real Hobgoblin, has suffered there, while I - ” He sank once more at Scarletto's feet, expecting to be killed, for all around arose cries of, "Down with the usurper! Down with the impostor! He gave us a bad Hobgoblin instead of a good! We should never have fallen so low but for him! Down with him! Down with the traitor!" But Scarletto knelt beside him and put his arms about the shrinking form. "I have forgiven," ho said, and said no more. Then came again the question of leadership, and they all turned to Scarletto, who shook his head. "l am too old," he said. But Hobgoblin took from his own waist the belt that Hobgoblins always wear, and kneeling before Scarletto, buckled it round him. "Hobgoblin once more!" he sobbed, and kissed Scarletto's hand. “Hobgoblin once more!" they all shouted, as the real Hobgoblin - Scarletto no more - stood among them, with his head bent, while his heart rang for joy. "Come," he said, at last. "If you will have it so, I will be your leader." I will lead you to beau- tiful, unexplored caves. Come!" They all followed, and Will-shake-his-paw hop- ped cautiously along after them. They entered the Lucas Cave, and as they wound down the steep, precipitous path, marching four abreast, it was a wonderful sight to see. The real Hobgoblin, all shining and scarlet, led; and by his side, holding fast to his hand, walked humbly the forgiven Goblin. After them came the Rain- bows. They had been made the crack regiment, and were henceforward to be called the Royal Rainbows; then came the Imperial Greens, then the Purples, then the Greys, then the Red Rovers, then the Ferocious Blues, then the Whites, and many more too numerous to mention. Their eyes sparkled and shone, and sent out beautiful flashes of colored light, which lit up the vast cave, and showed up all the different regiments winding down like an enormous, brilliant-hued caterpillar. Will-shake-his-paw gazed after them in rapt ad- miration. Then they wound up the opposite side, turned sharply to the right, and disappeared from his view beyond the ken of men. (The End.) 