A REPENTANT GHOST. " So you actually believe iu ghosts F" renirked Chsrlis 13eaverj.inlerrog«tively,»tilh an .mount of flippancy in bis tone, and au amused mile on his rather boyish tecr, to his elder a*d note sedate friend Kobeit Forder, as they s»t together in the former's comfortable bachelor ooms one evening towards the close of the last nonth of the year, discussing a ohoiee blend of vkiskr (judiciously commingled with potvs), iad blowing curly blus wreaths from unimleaehable cigars. " I am bound to belitve iu them," replied the dber in alt seriousness. " What P Do you mean to say that you have sen one ?"' " Decidedly ; t may say I almost owe my rife to a 8pook." "Come, 1 say, old man, draw it a little nild !" " I'll tell you the story if you like. But mind, : very rarely mention the subject. I don't care ibout it talked about anywhere and everywhere, foil understand t" " Psrfeotlf," said Chariie, all eagerness for die reoital. " Go ahead, I'll be as mum as i-a-a what's its name.' 1 " Well, you must know before I secured [through the iaflueuoe of my fathsr-iu-Uwj my present poiitioa as manager of tbe bank here, I was pursuing tbe oailinf of aa aoeountant in Orchester. After three years'hard labour I Hfgtn to feel my fret and think I might vesture to ask a certain yanog lady to share my future lot. 1 was tolerably sure that I should meet with ao rebuff from my darling, but there was a stem parent to be reckoned with. " I bad made tbe aoquaiutanos of Mr. Matthew Turnover, heid of the resuected aud aid crusted bankiBg-houae of Turnover Brothers,and Cbeckwell, through ordinary business intercourse, and we beoamo in lima on quite intimate terms. I frequently spent my Sundays at bis charming retideeoe in tbe park. He bad an only daughter, Eleanor. Tbe rest you will readily uadentaud. Wr.ll, I put the momentous question to the dear girl and achieved the success 1 plead guilty to have been vaia enough to anticipate, "Then followed the iusvitable interne* with papa. He erinced surprise when 1 told bim my tale, aa many fathers do after being themselves tho prime movers in bringing two impressionable young peeple together. He was straightforward euougb. Told mi, although lie had certainly cherished more ambitious views fur his only child, it was Mot his intention te try t* enforce his ideas if they were likely to interfere with his daughter's happiness. Still, be was bound to consider the impcrtant question of ways and means, and though bt admitted I had made rapid and substantial progress in my profession—if surh it could bt called—he at tbe same time did not considei the income I was then earning sufficiently large to justify ma in takiog upon myself the res ponsibility of a wife and probable ccmlingeoeies. " He wound up by saying : *'' Although Eleanor, as you know, is an only child, she will not materially benefit through me on her marriage, as it is my fixeo intention to withdraw no sum of consequent from the bank. My share of the profits—except so much of it as I require to live upon— remains in the enneern until my time Domes to. quitting this world, Iheu, of oourse, Eleanoi will inherit what I shall leave behind me. But God be thanked, T amwell and hearty, and ma} reasonably look forward to ten or fifteen yrar> longer of useful life. My adviee therefore t< you, is go on working as you have done hitbei. to, and, in three years say, you can broic] the subject arain, and if Ellj should be still in tbe same mind regarding yourself, why we may perhaps see if matters cannot be arranged, li •the meantime, there will be—at all events or imy part—no difference io our friendship ; there's my baad upon it.' | You may gness I did not feel extreragaatl) jubilant over tbe arrangement. Three yeanaeemed ao awful long time to wait. But I ha-i the fullest faith in Eleaaor's coiatancy. However, I will get on to tbe finish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal details, " About eight months had gone by, when one 'dry ia tbe middle of December, Mr. Turnorei hastily eatored my unpretentious office. The old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, and it was some moments after being seated that lie was able to speak, : " I anxiously inquired if be were ill, or was anything wrong at home F "•No—no one ill,' he said, slo'ly. 'The bank has been robbed.' "' Bobbed 1' 1 exclaimed. ' Phew I Hare the thieres been caught ?' "' You don't understand. The robbery is from inside, Tbe chief cashier.' " 'What I Bradley r" I cried, in the greatest astonishment. "The peccant cashier was a Sunday school tea or, regular chapel-goer, and I don't know what besides.. "'Ay, 1. The smooth-tongued hypocrite,' said Mr. Turnover, with oonsiderablc emphasis. ' And he's got a good twenty-four bouts' start. Be was away on short leave.' "' .Whatis .the amount ?' I asked. * A very considerable eum in convertible, securities unfortunately. Anything like the rzaot amount, however, is not yet kaown. That is mainly why 1 have come to you,' •••To'mef' " * Yea. I want yon te come to the banV aod go through the hooks—bis books, you know) —as expeditiously as possible. We wish lo keep the affair secret—that is, aa long as possible. Will you come ?' " And Mr. Turaorer regarded-me anxiously. " Then thinking, pirhapa, I seemed to hesitate, be added, significantly, 4 It may be worth your while.' " 1 1 am at your eerrioe, Mr. Turnover,' I instantly replied. •When do you wuh me to begin f " ' To-night. Are you willing to work Into ? I mean,in fnot,all night if necessary f Will you do tne this favour P . - '"You may. command me in any way yon like, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, »n idea flashed across mj'mind that I might deoiSe to ask a favour of him in return alter th<present annoying bosineaa was over and don" wit*. ; " My future tatherln- lnw rose from his seat,; sayingi/ -':! M ,'".'i'.'B .'••' '<' ; '/ " l am .very,pleased yon havo contented Ao ibdp tne so i«adlly, because we can rely upon jyour discraBon and absolute silence.' t bowed, j |"' Then" meet be is Duke-atreet, by tbij {Ooemopo'litan Botel, at six sharp, and we fill Igo to the bank together.' 4' " 1 waa at the plaoe appointed just at tbq lllrst stroke af the hour rang out on tbe deal jtrosty air, and was almost Immediately joined Iby Mr.Tnmorer. ' As lOan as we wore seated in the bank par* •lour Mr. Turnoverhinded me a letter,remarking that tbe missing'Bradley had caused it to be delivred In a somewhat mysterious munner. • •• When I read the note Mr. Turnover asked my cpinion of it. I said : •• •Thefelloivisoool certainly .but I infer from what lie writi s—if it 'is the truth. Of coureo— that'thi re baa been noaystbmaticembi sz'ement going forward W some lime ; that, ia' fact, ha eommitted tho theft in a sudden Bt of temptation. I see he mentions sixly- right thousand.' • Yra that is quite enough without ths probability of more having to be added to it. I tiu»t your surmise will turn out correct. liet us gi t to work without delay.' •• We worked unremittingly till ton, failing (o discover any defalcations beyond those already known. This was so far satisfactory that Mr. Turnover oonfessod he felt much relieved anil suggested an adjournment to a neighbouriun firat-ciass hotel—his club being too Tar away—to reoruit exhausted nature. " Wo were let out by the bank caretaker through a small side door, and told him to temain up till we returned, " Haviug done justice to au excellent lit'.Ie cold snaolr, washed down by a bottle of viry excellent poit, I told ray companion there was no uted whatever for him to go back to the baok with me, aa I could do well enough without him - at all events for tbe remainder of that uigbt. He assented, telliog me not to stay very late. " When I got to the bank, I set to my task with renewed vigour, still failing ts discover extended evidence of guilt in the absconding cashier's book. By this time, although tbe night was eold outoide, the room I waa working in began, by reason of the many gas jets burning, to grow uucomfortably warm. I began to feel drowsy, and at a quarter-past twelve by tbe smalt clock on tbe mantelpiece, I dropped into an inviting easy chair, and felt extremely like dropping aa well into a prolonged dose, hut as I had no intention that way, Istrugghd against the inclination by raising my heavy eyelids at frequent intervals. I heard a neighbouring church clock boom ferth the .midnight hour, and, npeniug my eyes, was juat on the point of rising from my comfortable position with tbe intention of resuming work for auothtr half hour, when I saw something that deterred me ; kept me, in fact, spellbound in my seat. There,right before me a few yards away, appeared the spectral form of jWostcott Bradley, tbe defaulting cashier. 1 " There was a sad—I might almost describe it as a ohastened look on the ghastly facn as though the spirit was experiencing profound ooutrition for some misdeed tbe body bad oomjmitted during life. j " I once more closed my eyes, thinking that '"hen I looked again the thiug would have vanished. But no ! There was tbe shadowy figure commencing to retreat slowly backwards, its transparent arm raisfcd, tbe fltshless hand with its houy Uugers beckoning me to follow. It reminded me of Hamlet and the ghpst on ths castle ramparts, only 1 assure you I felt precioua little like the impetuuus Friuoe ; I required no holding back. I tried to speak, but the worda I framed with my dry lips were inaudible even to myself. Ai soon as the shade reached the open door leading into Ibe main room, I arose mechanically as though impelled by some unseen power, and went with bated breath after tbe still slowly retreating apparition. It continued to wave ita ghostly band until the masaive iion door which led to tbe vault below, where the bullion aud securities were kept in huge safes,or rather strong rooms, waa reached. I quite expected to see tbe figure melt away in tbe orthodox manner. But a •trifling obatruction of thia kind was nn barrier ta the melancholy spirit of the peccant caahior. With an intense lingering last look of anguish aud a fiu.l wave of the arm more emphatio than previously, it simply, as it seemed to my be wildered gaze, baoked through the solid iron- work. I can assure you I felt considerably relieved on bning rid of the apparition. Further work was, of course, out of the question, bo I summoned the oaretsker to let me out, imparting nothing whatever to bim regarding the strange experience I had just gone through. " Next morning I called upou Mr. Turnover before he left home, aud recounted to him what had taken place iu his bank the night before I was not in tbe letat surprised at my story being neeived with a smile of incredulity, " ' My dear Forder,' said the worthy, but unbelieviug banker, ' you, of course, fell asleep in the ehair atid dreamed all this,' " ' Nothing of the kind, I assure you, Mr. Turnover,' I answered, warmly. " Still, the old gentleman remained uncon< vinced. " 'Remember,' be went on hanteringly, ' yon bad partaken of supper aud wine—generous old port t' " However, to bring my story within reason' able bounds, I will juat say that fay tbe time we had arrived at the bank 1 had almost convinced Mr. Turnover that I had seen the ghost of bis delinquent servant; and he agreed, at my re> quest, that we should visit the v«ult together, * though surely,' observed he, * you don't expect to eooouuter your sad-faced Spook agaiu, early in the day F ' When nehad got down below and turned up the gas, Mr. Turnover proceeded to oprn two large upright safes standing against the wall. " ' Everything seems as taaual,' he remarked! after suivi-ying the interiors. ' Your spirit evidently had us particular tale to unfold, even if you had been able to acoompany him here last night.' "' Why did it beckon to me so earnestly in this direction ?' I remarked. ' By the way,' I added quickly, as my sceptical companion went about seouriug tbe safes again,' what of the big one over there to tbe lef t; aren't you going tn open that ?' " ' Ob,' he answered carelessly, * that is an old one not in use ; has not been oprned, 1 should say,for several years. It is empty.' " 'I suppore there is no objection to me faav* ing a peep inside P' " ' Not the slightest. There is tbo key on tl|e wall there!' " I handed it to him, and he nt oneernwrted it in the -took, -while I stand by ready to pull the massive door aside. *' 'Dear inc.' remarked Mr, Turnover, in surprise, ns iIih wards workrd quite easily, certainly rxpecte me difficulty.' " I pulled at It icavy door, wbioh swung quite smoothly, JUVL .'S if It had been opened daily with tbe others. "Tbe next moment an exclamation ot horrified surprise fell from the banker's lips, as he started back several panes from before the front of tho safe. " I instantly sprang forward from behind the pondeious door, and followed the direction of my father-in-law's dilated .eyes. , •• Weil might the old gentletuan be strongly affected I '."''•' •' There, on the circumscribed space of the floor of the 'safe, lay the huddled figure of a man. His face was. distorted aud horrible to look upon ! The staring eyeballs aod prottud ing tongue showed how he had tnet a horrible death by suffocation. * Bradley !'" 1 exclaimed, as soon as I could find breath enough. "••Yes, it is Westoott Bradley,'aaid Mr, i Turnover, in a lowly, husky whiij|«r. ' j ' •• There was no doubt about it,. The sickening spectasle upbn whioh fab* gased constituted the mortal . remains of tiie man who had be' trayed tbejtniatreposed-iohimb/ bis employers. " When the body came tb be removed to a "plaee to awsit the Coroner's inquiry, several strong bulky leather pocket- books oontaioing the gfOGseds intact of the oadiiet's appropriations were discovered. Of the bank really lost nothing, and I gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than I should otherwise hire done. Mr, Turnover waa kind enough to say tbat,M I kad fcesn the means of recovering the bank's miaaing securities, I ought to have my rewind. I got it, and have never regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much waa elicit) d at tbe inquest except the information tliat the lock of the dis-used strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured that Bradley, who had evidently been using the aafe fur Lie own purpones, had o|>eiied tbe daor, then hung up tbe key in its accustomcd place, gone inBidc.' and in a moment of' forgetlulness let . tbe door.come on tho spring, aud so made' the > receptacle for concealing bis plunder his tiring tomb." 