THE GHOST CF HEYTON ORANGE. ME years ago I met Gasooyne dressed in a suit of Scotch gray sporting clothes. It was at a railway Elation, and he had beside him bis gun-case and fishing- rods. Knowing that he was not a man to spend a great deal of money on his own pleasure, I guosBed at once that he had been lucky enough to receive an invitation from some one who possessed fishing and Bhooting rights. " Hallo, Gsscoyne," I said, as I came up with liim, " what's the game' now! This looks something like butiness." Ah, my boy," says be, " I should think it does, too. Old Jefferson has been looking out for a country place for some time, you know, and be has managed to find one up in the north at a marvellously cheap rent, He's taken it for twelve months, and if he likes it he has the chance cf buying it at a ridiculous figure. " Why, what's the matter with it V' I said. "Oh, nothing," he replied, " lliat I know of, but It doesn't suit the owner for some reason, and he lias iiud it ou his Imnds for a very long time and could not let it, and 1 suppose lie got tired of it and thought ho would get rid of it ut any price. Jederson writes mo that it is really a grand place, with Eome (jlorious shooting and fishing, and a reiilly macniGcent hnuse, nud he's nskod me to go and have a month's sport. I thought it was too good a chance to Ira miseod, and so I packed up my traps at once, and I'm off." At that the train enme up, and after seeing him comfurtubly settled in a corner seat and wishing him good sport and u high old time I strode away. Whht was my surprise, in a little more than a week afterwards, to moot him one evening in tho Hi(;h-itreet as I was returning from business. " Why, Goscoyne," I raid, " whatever bos brought you baok again so soon ? thought you worn going to stay a month." " Never u month would I stay ut that place for any price," lie replied ; " but come, let us walk up to tho Ring of Bells at thoond of tho village. Wo shall be quiet tbero, and I'll tell you all about it. It makes me feel so queer every timo I think of it that I really can't tell you withoub a glass of sometbin; We went up to tho old inn, and bofore a comfortable glass and blazing firo we lit our pipes, and ho commenced :— "Jefferson was right when he eaid he had a splendid place. It's fallen into disrepair a little through being untenanted eo long ; but Heyton Grange, ns it is called, is a regular country mansion, with u mugnifioent hall, line largo entertaining roomB, and I don't know how many bedrooms upstairs. I found he'd invited quite a number of fellows, and intended having a regular shooting parly s:aying in tbe house, but he had asked me up a day or two in advanoe, eo that we could have a quiet time together before the rest came. " Wo bad three most enjoyable days The country round was mnguiiicent. We had a few idle shots, and cast a fly or two for trout as wo sauntered along, talking of old times, and theee lazy trials wero sufficient to show us that wo should bave fine sport when we commenocd in earnest. We spent these days alone, and Jefferson and I slept together during that time, for we are old friends, as you know, and I liked better to be with him than to be in the room allotted to mo in the far off west wing until that part of the bouse was occupied by somo of the other visitors. On the fourth day they came. We had a glorious time of it, and went to bed tired out. I dropped to sleep at once, but after some two hours I woke up Iwthod in a oold perspiration and with a terrible feeling that I could not account for. " Whether I had been dreaming or not I could not tell, but I raised myself on one arm and looked around tbe room, and there right by the foot of the bod I saw—the bust of a woman, as though the body had been cut through at the waist. • a " Tiie face WOE ns white as marble and the eyes seemed to look beseechingly upon me. Terrified, I was unable to stir, and the figure gradually floated away and disapr pen red through tbe panels of the wall, heaving as it did so a low, deep sigh. " Of course, Bleep was impossible after that. I lay in a state of terror until morning, but I managed to drop into a troubled, broken slumber as daylight appeared, and slept op uneasily until I was startled by a knock at the door, and the announcement that the first breakfast boll had mug. I went down to breakfast with t-hceffects of the night's apparition still upon mo, though wearing away and growiug fainter every moment, and before I had fiuiehed my second cup of coffee, what I bad supposed to be the usual query in each cases arose in my mind—Could I, after all, have fancied that the apparition appeared ? jt" " Was it posHiblo that it could be tho result of« disordered imagination ? In the night I had mode up my mind to tell my friend wlmt had occurred and leave tbe bouse at once, but now I feared tbe ridicule of tiie company, and was, indeed, likely eoon to laugh myself and wonder how I could havo been so superstitious. I raised my bead and began to join in the conversation and to talk over the arrangemonts for anoLlicr day's sport, when at the far end of the table I noticed a gentleman who laughed the loudeeti yesterday, and whose sallies hnd amused us all, but who was now silent and Uciturn. " * Ho scorned qnito unable to do justico to the good tilings provided by our host, nnd only answered in monosyllables when spoken to. It was evident that his mind was ill ut ease, and that he was labouring under some strong excitement. As soon as breakfast wits over I sought him out and said to him— I am afrnid something has happened to disturb you ; you were in such excellent spirits wc we parted last night and seemed so very different at the table this morning that I feol sure something must be the mutter.' No,' ho replied. • I'm nil right, • thanks ; I rerlainly don't feel very lively just now, hut it will wear off praeently. 'J'- : Perhaps , you „ didn't have _ good/ night's restI rejoined, speaking slowly and pointedly. ( " * Well, 1 ho eaid, ' I cannot say that t did, bnt I do not wish to speak of it; it would only put Jeffenon about.' " ' Tell me,' I ssid, ' did anything disturb you t Did you see anything ?' and in my eagerness I laid mf hand npon his shoulder. . " ' I did,' be skid ; ' why do you ask ?' " < Because I saw something myself; what did you see ?'- I saw,' he said, and shuddered as he spoke, 1 the bust of a woman cut off at the waist 1' ........... " ' Preoisely what I. have seen in the night 1' I ejaculated. * I saw it at the foot of my bed, and it seemed to disappear through the panel of the wall. Is your room In tho west Wing at the end of the great passage F „. _ ^ "'It is,'he replied. •• , " ' Then the apparition must have entered your room when it left mine, for you are evidently sleeping in tbe next room to me. ^ What is to be done V y "' We cannot stay, and I certainly do nob like the idea of breaking up the party. • " Well, we talked it over long and earnestly, and at last arranged to stay that night at any rate and see if it visited us again. - " After another day's sporb, during which we forgot our fears, night came on, and we once more retired to our rooms, but not to bed. I was very tired, and 1 sat up watching until long past the time tbe apparition bad appeared on the previous night, and then overcome with fatigue I throw aside my fears, and throwing myself on the bed was asleep in a moment. " I could not have slept very long—not many minutes—when I awoke with a start, and I felt at once that the thing was by In terror I opened my eyes. Oh, horrors ! Tiie buBt of the woman was lying by my side on the bed, with her head upun the pillow I " What happened after that I do aot know, for I must have losb consciousness fur a moment, and when I recovered the fearful thing had vanished. I jumped from the bed and rushed instantly into my neighbour's room, but he was lying upon the rug in a dead faint. I loosened his collar and poured cold water on his face, and as ho opened hie eyes and revived a little I made him take a good draught of brandy from my hunting flask which I had with me. "He quickly came to himself, and Bitting up bo told me he had dozed off in his chair and had been suddenly awakened by tho touch of a death-cold hand upon his forehead, and found the apparition close to him, gazing with entreaty in ber eyes into his face. Overcome with horror he had fainted away as I found him. " We sat together and talked long end earnestly, and at length decided that we would make tbe best excuse to our host, urging some sudden call back to our homes, and wonld leave the houBe that morning, am afraid Jefferson must have felt hurt at our sudden departure, bub Btay we could not, no we came away, and here I am." Gasooyne and I Bat talking and conjecturing about the mysterious visitant until late that night. _ _ Weeks and months passed, and it gradu ally became only a terrible memory of which we spoke now and again, until one day Goscoyne knocked hurriedly at my door, and saying in an excited manner, " Put on your hat and come with me," he led me without a word to the old Bing of Bells. AB soon as we were seated in the little room behind the bar he began hur riedly— " I've just had a letter from Jefferson. He had a Christmas party at Heyton last weok and one of the guests who hud been placed in tbe room I slept in shrieked out that Bhe had seen a ghost, and when they had calmcd her sufficiently to speak coherently she declared that it took the form of the bust of a woman. Jefferson remembered our hasty flight and the curiously embarrassed way in which we made our excuses for leaving him so suddenly, and believing now that it muBt have been in some way conneoted with the apparition that so terrified his lady viBitor, he made up his mind there and then that together with tbe bravest of his visitors he would himself natch on tbe following night, He did so, and soon after midnight the restless spirit returned once more. He and his friend nerved tbemsolvesand spoke to it, demand ing the reason for its presence in the houee. lb gazed upon them for a moment, and beckoning them to follow it floated out and led them through a secret door on tbe top landing into u small room under tbe roof, where they found a worm- eaten chest, into which the apparition seemed to disappear. They rushed downstairs, and quickly returning witb two or three men servants they broko open the lid and were horrified to discover the lower part of a woman's body, which, from its decomposed state, had evidently been there for years. Upon inquiry they learned that a long time before murder had been committed, apd tbe murderer,who was the unfortunate woman's husband, had severed hie victim at the waist, and that her bust having been discovered it had been buried in the churchyard, but that search for the lower part of the body had been in vain,' As soon as Jefferson and his friends could arrange with the authorities tho ghastly object in the trunk had been buried beside the bust." — —. . That was Gascovne's tale, and be was able to inform me from a further communication he reoeived from Jefferson that tbe midnight visitant had never appeared ugain My friend was a man for whom I entertained the highest regard, and I had every reason to believe in bis integrity. He declared to me that every part of this strange narrative is true, and I have never been inclined to doubt ib. 