David and Jonathan. By Gut Boothby. Author of ?' Dr. Nikola,' ' The Beautiful White Devil,' etc. rCoPTBIGHT.l I am distressed for thee, my brother Jonathan ; very pleasant hast thou been unto me ; thy love to me was wonderful, pas- ing the love of women.- 2 Samlel i.. 26. He was youug, enthusiastic, a Sc.tcl man, and an engineer. No other description could make you see him so plainly. We were standing on a rocky spur of the Barges ovenoc Kuig nve miles oi the most stupendous bit of railway engineering in Australia, if , not in tLe world. He was endeavouring to convince me that the successful usue of the undertaking war* alone due to the uudomitable energy aud perseverance of the Scottish character (some men are built that way), aud you might as well Lave attempted to stack sun beume with a pitchfoik as to change his understand* in* ' An' uioie,' he coitiuued, as Le threw a stone into the gorgu eight Luudred Jeet below, ?' the tnm« rule inay be safely obsairved Trhaur business o' any description is consairned — gie it lo a Scotchman an' je'll be certain o' a successful issue.' I It would have heen mere waste of time to fipbt the ' question with a man who paraded conquer* d Nsituie as hie arf;um-=iir, i-o, as the /acts were too plain to be distorted, I led the woy to a miniature waterfull, and. throwing mvself down among the fern, pro ceeded to piaice indiscriminately the brautifs of tLe Hue. And, indeed, its beauties were manifold. Imagine for yourself a tiny white-roofed township lying beside \ bay as if cast up by the bright blue set, and from it, crawling like a gigantic suake, a single narrow rail way line. Picture that line creep ing here, there, and everywhere, from the level luxu riance of the plaiu to the tropicnl density of a inil Jiou-hued jungle. Then, after pissing up aud up through rough green sugar fields into the blue shadows df the Ranges, pausing now mid again at spots whose overwhelming b- auties blind the eye, imagine it twisting and twiuing its way hivherand still higher, through Eceuery lovelier than the bia n cjii rememher or the pen describe, until at length it halts beside a silver fall which crashes through opal mist into a pool of green jade seven hundred feet bel)W. And here the eye, satiated with a splendour that knows no end, pauses to watch the gliut of a butterfly's wing- against tbe mor? sombre background of the Ridge, and beiDg satiated with loveliness desires to see no more. As we watched, a gleam of sunshine touched a white spot three hundred yards or so to our right, aud ever on the search fur information, I asked what it might be. ' 'Ton's a grave, me lad, a grave wi' a heestory that would be worth ye're writin' gin you could but find the beginning o' it a'.' My curiosity once aroused, I begged for the story, promising m return glories which even a ReDuie or Brunei might have envied : — ' Weel noo, ye maun first understan' that the mon was amesteiy- a verra big meestery — an' that his name, sae he eaid, was John Fanshaw. Whaur he came from he made nae meution. 'Twas wark he wanted, nae for himself alone but for a frail con sumptive laddie who came wi' him by name Mil lings. 'Twas evident there was a great friendship between the pair. ' We were in the second gully at the time, an' while Fanshaw was put to pick an' shovel waik, his mate went to driyin' tip drays. ' Noo, it is a peculiar coincidence that ye may nae ha' obsairved in connection wi' lip drays, that ? ' ' Have tip drays anything to do with the story ? ' ' Kay ! but I — weel, weel — this Fanshaw was a verra guid warkmoii, d'ye keu, but an incarnate deil to right. It was a strange thing to witness, for as oft as nae his mate would discover tiouble on tbe board, an' just as John wad he squann' up to his mon he'd step into tbe crowd an' gie him a luik. Then John wad pick up his coat an* they'd gang awa' hame together, without another word, like the lamb and the wee-bit lassie ye'll be like to hae heard about. ' Weel, by-and-bye the warks crapt round the bend up to whaur ye see the red bluff p* epiu' through the scrub trees yonder. Fanshaw moved his tent to the hill, while the main camp, sae to speak, was on that flat to the left there. ?? At that time the chief engineer, I'll hae ye re member, was one Hector M'Leau, a verra shrewd an' sagacious mon, an* own cousin to my lord o' that ilk. He was greatly obsairvant, an' pointed out to me that young Millings was far gone iu his disease. E'en as if to prove his words, that same week the laddie took his cheque an' went up the gully to keep hut for his mate. ' Then for nigh upon three months John Fanshaw went verra steady ; nae rioting about as before, but every night when the knock-off whastle sounded ganging straight hame to his sick mate. Moreover, he drew his pay week by week, full an 'fair, wi'out deduct ons. 'Twas a guid sight, an' showed a power o' feeliu' that was extiaordinary, seein', ye'll under stand, tliat he was sae by nature a soft man. ' Another three months went by, an' maybe it was another rvva or sae on that when the crisis came. ' Loth ! but it was a dark, wet night. D'ye ken what a storm means iu the far north, when the rain driveBupthe gullies in thick shr els, aud the wind whistles round the house like Ta.m o' Shanter's hurricane ? Keu ye how the lines gae ? An' sic a night he taks the road in, Ah ne'er poor sinner was abroad in. The wind blew as 'twai blawn its last ; The rattlin' show'rs ro- e on the blast ; The speedy gleams the darknt ss swallowed ; loud, deep. «n' Jang the thunder bellowed ; Tlr-t night, a child might underMand, Tbe De'il had business on his band. ' M 'Lea 11 an' meself had just finished a wee bit game n' cribbage when a knocking came to the door. ' Ye'll hae na knowledge o' that spooky feeling that catches a man in the pit o' his stomach when bad news steps to the threshold — tint's ye're English misfortune.' ' Ar M'Lean went to the door, I said : ' The wind blew the death ruckle down the chimr:ey the noo — mark ye, laird, there'll be sorrow by the dawning.' ' Opening the d'or, tbe wind an' rain rushed in, an' wi' 'em John Fanshaw. He stord blinking at the light wi' a Caledonian Canal ruouin' frae his garments on to the floor. He was a' white an' trembliu', an' his voice was like that o* a ghost — but x terrible fierce ghost. ' ? Mr. M'Lean, says ht, ' I'm lelt ye ken Bome thin* o' medicine ! ' ''A little, but verra little, me mon,' answered M'Lenn, shading the candle wi' his hsnd an* watch iu' tbe look in Fanshaw's face, ' what's the mat ter ?' ' ' Me mate, sir, he's deeing — the puir laddie's deeirg in that loiiely tent up the hill yonder. I can do naught for him, so come at once, sir, or he'll be gane before daybreak. If ye delay his blood'll be on ye're head. Ken everything or naught ; bring every drug, knife, or saw in ye're cursed pharma copoeia — only come ! I beg your pardon, sir, but I forgot myself in me anxiety.' *' It was a curious way o' talkirg for a labouring man, but M'Lean promised to gang out at ouce, an' Fanshaw dived back into tbe daiknees. ' ' This is a rum go,' said the laird when we were alone, ' an' a beastly night for creek crossing — how- e'er I'll put up a few things an' set out.' ' ' I'll gang wi' ye,' said I, taking a mackintosh from a peg, ' this is nae storm tor a man to be alone in.' *' Noo, can ye see yon hut on the hillside ? Weel, if ye follow wi' ye're 'ec the track leading down to the edge o' that terrible cliff, ye'll oboairve an awk ward piece o' climbing to the gully below. To reach Fanshaw's hut, that gully had to be crossed, aud by taking the clff path we could save nigh upon twa miles. So ! ' The night was dark as black ivory, an' we walked in the teeth o' the storm, feeling our way down as far as the cliff, an' fighting the wind lor eveiy foot we put foi ward. The thunder rumbled air echi ed awa* through the gullies, an' when the lightning cut up the darkness ye ctuld luik down to light o' ye eight hundred feet— sheer diop into black nothii'g. it was like the mouth o* Hell, sni' I can tell ye we were verra thankful when we set loot upon the level ground below. ' For nigh upon five minutes we ttumbled amang the rockB au: high bushes seekin' for the path. Then we lifted it, an' ran it along the cliff base. ' Suddenly down went M.*Lean in the mud, b wear ing maiet terrible to hear. He didtm get up, but lay fumbliu' o'er a'blask « wethiig fc«tid«i !.!??», I mh« ' ? What noo, m u, what uoo ? ; I yelled, ' why dintia i e get up aeain. Ha'e ye hurt ye'self ? ' ' ? Na ! ' shouted he, an' the wind whastled his voice into a whisper, ' but theic's a mon down here, au' somehow I'm thinkin' he's deed.' ' Then we got out our matches, an' fell to strikin' for our bare lives. ' The wind blew round the rocks, the ram splut tered the flames, but the wee plare showed us some sticky, dark stuff ou M.' Lean's fingers nu1 John Fan shaw stretched out on the ground, wi' a hole iu the side o' his head ye could put ye're twa fists in. When I tell ve that he'd missed his way in the daik, an' fallen eight hundred feet or mair over the cliff, je'll ken that rhe^e waR nae much life in Mm. ' Alter seein' that he waB deed we deliberated as to what was be«t to be done, an' finally decided to pick him up an' coutnue our journey. The light o' his tent glistered through the scud, aa* by it we fcteei-pd our wav. ' Ciin ye imaeme such a dismal au' forlorn waik as ciirryin' a dead mau between ye up a steep hill in the forefroiit o' a northern st rm ? If ye can, take joy o' ye're imagination ! '' When we got within maybe sixty yards o' the teut, a big dog bounced out o' the shadow, a.ri' came growlin' to meet uo, but after suiffingr at the thing svviugiDg between us, be ht out a terrible nioau au' disappeared back into the darkness. ' Then we set the body restiu' again' a tree, and made towards the dwelling. The stoiin lulle.d a wee, an' at the moment a thin wail came out to meet us which set our heaits hammering like piston -rods. 'The dog an' I waited all dioukit-like in tho drizzle while M'Leau drew aside the flap, au' cnteied the tent. ' I dinna ken howlang he was awa', but it seemed powerful like a hundred yeais. At laht he enme out wi' a luik that Gorl puts but once iiito a men's face during a lifetime. ' Verra. soft and low, as if lie thought the Ever lastiu' H-11r wad cheat him o' the news, 1'e said — ' ' Douald .' both mates are dead uoo, we came too late— a verra bad liusiuess. Come in ! ' ' I wad ha' gien a year's pay to hae stayed awa', but 'twas ua manner of uee ; for wi' au aim that greeped like a vice he dragged me in. ' It was just a tent o* the ordinary kind, furnished wi' a rough table an' a bush-bed, an' on that last lay a wornau wi' a new-born hainiie in the hollow o''her arm. Believe me or na^, but by a' the Coven anters' ghaists, the woman was nane other than the laddie we'd known as Millings, au' bo1h she uu' the wee bairn were dead ! ?* The caudle flickered an' threw big shadows backwards and forwards over them ai»' the dog sneakin' in whined at us a' ma ist pitiful to hear. Through the shaking flap we could just make out a heap o' clothes huddled up against a tree trunk, an' then the lights sputtered out, an' we hand to hunt about for an'ar. Mini, man, I tell ye, it was grue some walk ! ' We spent maist o' the night takin' an inventory o' tbe tent's effects, but f- r a long time no trace o' the couple's heestory could we Una. At last, on the back o' a photograph, an1 the likenesses were uiimis takeable, we read the names o' twa great folk I'd best nae repeat here, but folk, look ye, whom ye ken as weel as ye're own self. ' Yon white place is their grave— three in one an' one in three (man, woman, and bairn). If yc like we'll stroll towards it, the down train is nae due for an hour yet. ' The evening shadows are maist soft, an' ye'll notice that it is an interesting position for obsairving the peculiar beauties of the line, which., us I hae said before, owes its con it ruction to the extreme euergy an' perseverance o' the Scottish character.' 