Jfcril §sto». ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. (From our Special Correspondent.) The Australian Agents-General were not at nil pleased with t! ; breezy manner in which Air. 1-1 eat on pooh-poohed the refusal of the Antipodes to accept Imperial penny postage and predicted that within six months your colonies would change their minds. They decided matters must be put on a. still clearer and more definite basis and addressed a formal memorandum to the Duke of Norfolk. Therein the Agents (Jeneral pointed out that while there has change should be made in the postal rates between Australia and the mother country except by mutual consent, none the less a certain section of the press has been ur ging on the Imperial Government to en deavor to force the hands of the Austra lian (Governments in the direction of re duction by sending letters to their colo nies at the penny rate. The memorandum therefore asked for a distinct and official assurance that no such attempt would be made. 1 am now able to state that the Postmaster-General replied on Tuesday, giving the required assurance, and sug gesting that any revision of the postal rates could only be brought about by mu tual consent and friendly arrangements. It really is rather rough that the honors iu connection with the partial adoption of Imperial penny postage should fall not to Mr. Jlenniker Heaton, but to the Post master-General of Canada, Mr. Mulock, Q.V. I understand the Government repu diate the member for Canterbury altoget her, averring that neither he nor his fifty arguments in favor of Imperial penny pos tage, nor his 150 friends on the press, in fluenced them an iota. Mr. C'hamoerlain asserts he was chiefly convinced by Mr. Mulock's representations, which also car ried the day with Mr. Balfour. Anyhow the painful fact remains, that whereas the Canadian Postmaster is to be knighted forthwith. Mr. Healon's labors continue officially unrecognised. Notwithstanding the modesty of its minimum 9* the West Australian Govern ment issue of £1,000,000 3 per cent, in scribed stock was again a failure. The total amount of the subscription only reached £550,000, the prices varying from the minimum to 98, the average being only £94 3s. 4d. The balance of the issue lias been withdrawn. This unhappy fiasco is in strong contrast to the result obtained by the Birmingham Corporation, whose issue of one million 2£ per cent, stock with a minimum of 91 obtained subscrip tion to the tune of £8,297,000 at prices varying from 91 to 90, the average being £91 JO's. Id. This result was not brilliant, but it appears so in comparison with the West Australian failure. I notice that most of the financial papers put the fiasco down to the fact that the Government ol the Cinderella colony is pushing on a little too fust with its borrowing opera tions, but personally 1 believe it is purely the result of not consulting the market. It is an old idea that it a colony's stock stands fairly well in the Stock Exchange quotations that colony can get money 'as easy as pic,' but the experiences of the past 10 years (light to June taught the veriest tyio in finance that it is not the private subscribers who make the success of loans but the syndicate tender?, and any Agent -General who tries to borrow on t lie London market without first nuking sure that the syndicates arc ready for it is simplv courting failure. London, July 30, 1898. Apropos of my remarks last week on 'The crude cooks of Colonia,' a friend to whom 1 .showed them said they read as though one couldu t get a decent meal in Australia and New Zealand. Of course it was not my intention to infer any such absurditv. There is a prolligatc abundance of good things to cat all over the colonies. Hut too often they don't get culinary jus tice done them. So far as more food is concerned the antipodean restaurant beats the home one hollow. In I believe nearly all colonial cities you get a meal for a shilling, which would cost at least 3s. (id. here. Moreover, the materials whereof it is composer! arc of perfectly first-rate quality, i Onlv cooking and service can be criticised. And the average colonist notices neither, 'the fact is that in those new countries ihc gourmet has yet to develop. ]\lcn care not what they consume. They cat to live, the creature who lives to eat being us yet non-existent. Still, as 1 said last week, one result of miscalling feeding dining is, in hundreds of cases, chronic dyspepsia, and that, as tho victims know, means misery. 1 believe doctors allege that every body in Australia (the youngster espe cially) eats too much meat. I looked around amongst the children fully expect ing to find tho simple pimjde and roseate indications oi' a too sanguineous physique ubiquitous. -Never was I quicker unde ceived. Tho New Zealand children are pictures of the most perfect health, with clean and spotless skins, and often won derful complexions. I didn't see so many young folk in Australia, but there also they struck me us far sturdier than thy tut, white, flabby infant of old England, who is brought up on patent foods, and bursts out in blisters if it -?\vi j;a?.es at Ijravy. The girln of Colonia run mostly iino and large. The fairest 1 saw wen; in South Australia, the fattest in New Zea land. They have all, or nearly all, clear skins, bright eyes, becoming blushes, and robust appetites. There was a blue-eyed, low-headed llobart houri 1 sat opposite to on the Taraweera, crossing to Melbourne, who could put away tbrpc plateful* of steak and fried onions for breakfast with out turning a hair or burs! ing a button. Shu begun lightly with porridge, and ended wi'.li passion fruit. Th'y said she was quite a young thing, ;md unmarried. 'What' a wife to support,' J thought, as I | dallied tlim;»htfully with a stale egg. riut no one else seemed to think the young I lady remarkable. Pour Lord Jlnis.Fry cannot bo congratula ted oil his children's connections by mar riage. Only retiently his daughter-in-law's. (Lady Tdina Brassey) brother, Lord It, Neville, was sent to penal servitude for (as you know) a most disgraceful series of frauds and forgeries. And now a sonin law, Earl JJc la Wan', is being held up to ifrnominv us the nobleman Ernest Tcrah lloolcy bribed with huge sums to bait the famous Dunlop prospectuses. The 'gu'iica- pig:- part of the business is not, I fear, likely to seriously shock 'society ' but if Lord De la Warr did not, as llooley al leges, act quite fairly by his co'leaguo, Lord Albeinarlo, things will go hard with him. Lord Albcmarle. by the way, must not be confused with his grandfather, the famous field marshal, whom he recently succeeded. Let us pray that this grand old ghost knows naught ol his degenerate rela tion's behaviour. Lord Winchelsea, another of the magnates Hooloy claims to have purchased, was at one time well known in Queensland, and so was his bro ther. Harold Finch llatton. Lord Win chelsea, by the way, denies that he got aught from Hoolty except shares, for which he paid par, and which are now down 50 per cent. None of the accused, indeed, seem inclined to admit Hooley's soft im peachments. Unfortunately, cheques are awkward bits of evidence to overcome. Mr. Emerson Bainbridge, M.P., who figures so conspicuously in the Hooley re velations, was married last week to a niece of Sir Blundell Maples, and is now on a honeymoon tour to Australia. He has, as 1 wrote yon recently, been a prominent personality in mining and promotion cir cles for the last 20 to 30 years, and until his answer to Mr. Hooley's allegations comes to hand I shall take leave to doubt his having done anything irregular. Be tween the ethics of a Hooley and a Bain bridge there should be a great gulf fixed. On Monday last Dr. Cockburn and his fellow Agents-General met together at the Victorian ofh'ce to discuss matters of mu tual interest. The first item considered was the question of the difficulty iu the acceptance of Australian tanned leather, or leather tanned with Australian bark, by the author:ties of the War Office. The Agents-General de cided to make strong representa tions to the Secretary of State for the Colonies upon the subject, which should include a request that leather tanned in Australia might be included under the designation of 'British tanned leather.' The conference also decided to make representations to the proper quarter upon the matter of the £7 per ton duty levied on dried fruits. You will remember that Mr. Kingston promised Mr. Price to do every thing in the Government's power to get the duty removed. It is certainly a glaring anomaly that dried apricots, of which the colony produces a large quantity, should be included in the Imperial tat iff under 'dried plums,'' and so be subject to the duty, whilst dried peaches and nectarines are admitted free, and it seems probable that the Agents-General having moved in the matter the anomaly will be rectified. But it is not so certain that the Imperial authorities will consent to relieve apricots of the duty. They may possibly think it better to bring peaches and nectarines into line with 'dried plums.' These mat ters having been settled pro tern. Mr. J. H. Geddes, who has for many years past taken a leading part in the importation and distribution of colonial meat here, was introduced to the meeting, and submitted to the colonial repre sentatives several proposals for bring ing about improvements in the trade. The nature of Mr. Geddes's proposals has not yet transpired, but the Agents- General meet again next Tuesday to discuss them, and meanwhile all have agreed to consider the matter 'private and confidential.' On Tuesday Dr. Cockburn represented Australia — at any rate he was the only Australian present at the Admiralty— on the British Empire League deputation to Mr. Goschen concerning colonial naval re serves. The doctor, I believe, went mainly with a view to showing that South Aus tralia's withdrawal of her contributions to the naval squadron was not the outcome of parsimony, but of a belief that the money can be spent with infinitely more advantage to the Empire at large on the maintenance of a body of efficient naval reserves in the colony. On Tuesday Dr. Cockburn accompanied Mr. Percy Arnold, of the Bank of Ade laide, to the 'Westminster Bank to witness the opening of the tenders for the West Australian loan. Poor Mr. Wittenoom was naturally a good deal affected by the unhappy results of his colony's application to the great British public fur a further ad vance, but of course the new AgentGene ral for West Australia hud nothing what- ! ever to do with the loan, for the whole of the details connected therewith were fixed up before lie arrived home, tho prospectus j being published the day before lie landed. ! Later the Agent-General, in company i with Mr. .1. H. Geddes, repaired to Smith-' field Market to familiarise? JiimseU as far as possible in the limited space of time at his disposal with tho methods of handling Australian pro- j duoe in vogue there. and also1 to make enquiries regarding the impor- ! lance attached to the Government brand of quality upon produce. Although one salesman of note told him that produce! was sold solely on its visible merits and I without reference to any such eertilicate, ! Dr. Cockburn learnt from others thut pro- 1 duce know;i to have imtised the Govern ment test could often be sold before ar rival on the strength of it, and he. was therefore disposed to attach considerable importance to the certificate as a guar antee of quality and an aid to sales. I hear, by the way, that some of the Agents-General, taking advantage of the presence in London of the Canadian Post master-General, have been informally dis cussing the present position and future prospects of the '?All-red' cable via Canada and the Pacific, and it is qui on thecunl.s that a formal conference upon that much- j canvassed project will ensue before the Hon. W. Mulock returns to 'Our Lady! of the Snows.' Should this bo so, Dr. i Coekburn will, of course, attend on behalf! ol' his colony. He is, however, making no attempt to bring about such a conference. Tho sumptuous feast at Dip Hotel Cecil on Monday in recognition ol' tho advciii of the now Agent-General for Westr.ilia, Mr. Wittenoom, at first sight makes Anglo South Australians' tacit reception of the Hon. J. A. Cockburn seem somewhat lack ing in cordiality. Hut it has reallv been nothing of the kind. The fact is 'Anglo- Antipodi'iins generally don't approve tne 'mealing' method of advertising a colony, nor believe in its true efficiency. Once in a way a public dinner no doubt tines do good, but the frequency of West Austra lian banquets has robbed them of all eig- ? nilicaiico. The compliment to Mr. Wit to-, nonin has similarly heen tendered \n mine' managers and experts, up-country mayors, : qiiisby promoters, and his!, hut 'not least, . to our mutual iricncl, the o-:-\\\'estralian ; Midas. Who can forget the gorgeous1 spread at the Imperial Institute when, i willi luo'-t mistaken good-nature, an c\\-G--- '' vcrnor of the colony and My. Wiltenoom's j predecessor associated themselves with the' presentation of a service of plale to Mr. Albeit Culvert. Many thought mo ill natured then for jeering at the hollowness of the farce. But all true lovers of West Australia would be delighted now to for get that this dinner, and others like, it, ever took place. The gathering at the Hotel Cecil on Monday was fairly represen tative. Sir Charlos Dilke occupied the chair, supported by Lord Tweeddalc (chair man of the Eastern Cables Companies), Sir A. Clarke, Sir Wesiby Perceval, Sir Horace Tozer, Hon. J. A. Cockburn, Lord 1'ingall, and a number of Coloni.il Office notables. New South Wales was, as usual nowadays, unrepresented. The speeches .call for no special remark. Naturally Sir Charles Dilke puffed Mr. Wittenoom, and 'the new Agent-General called his gods to witness to the phenomenal prosperity, the colossal mineral wealth, and the supei'la tivelv suncrior Government of West Aus tralia. Finally Dr. Cockburn, in a few pleasant words, proposed the chairman, aud Mr. Philip Mennell beamed with al most parental affection upon his coining colonists. The Buxton family are well to the front in connection with the Industrial Law In demnity fund. Mr. Francis Buxton acts as co-trustee with Lord Welby, and the sub stantial subscribers already on the list in clude upwards of a dozen other good men and true of the same honored name. The South Australian artist, Mortimer Menpes, is the 'Celebrity at home'' in the 'World' this week. 1 send you the article to reprint, though I fear it has become in correct to speak of this successful man as an Anglo-colonist. At one time he did take a fugitive interest in Australian af fairs, and was to be met with now and i then at antipodean gatherings in town. ?, Latterly, he has, however, dropped quite j out of our circles. I do not remember see ing him at either of the South Australian dinners, nor was he to the fore at all dur ing the Jubilee celebrations. Chief Jus tice Way may, perhaps, as your leading connoisseur, have looked up Mr. Menpes, | or been looked up by him when in London, j but 1 don't remember hearing him speak ; of the artist. The latter's notion of visit- ; ing South Australia seems to have been ' given up. All who met 'Christopher Crayon' (Mr. James Ewing Ritchie) when he visited you some years ago will be concerned to learn j that the genial gossip oi' the 'Christian i World' is no more. He died at Claclon | last Munday of asthma, at the ripe old age i of 76. i 'One dog one bone'' is evidently the , motto of Mr. J. l'\ Hogan, M.I'. The special bone which the member for Mid- j rl ipperary is worrying at nowadays is New | Guinea, and he drags it forward in Parlia- 1 ment so often that his fellow-members, ', and more particularly Mr. Chamberlain, i must be heartily sick of uie very name of | the island. On Tuesday he asked the Sec retary for the Colonies whether the ar rangement under which -\ew South Wales, ! Victoria, and Queensland had each contri buted s.J),000 per annum towards the ad ministrative expenses of British New (iui- , nea, cNpired in September next; whether an amended financial scheme of adminis tration had been devised, and had it been approved by the Governments of the con tributing colonies; and whether, with a view to prevent a recurrence of recent fric- ; tion, the relations between the Govern- ? ments of the contributing colonies and the Lieutenant - Governor of British New Guinea would be more strictly defined. Mr. Chamberlain answered the first part of j the question in the affirmative, and infor med Air. Hogan that the question of future j arrangement was under consideration. I Lord Brassey spent the greater part of last Meek at Devonport, where he was the guest of the naval commander in chief. He inspected the whole of the naval cstu- , bliRhment and Kcyhnm extension works,. aud picked up a number of wrinkles for ' use at the Antipodes. A rrood deal of dissatisfaction is oxpros- . sod in some (mailers that the commission for the Stevenson memorial should have boon given 1o an American, anil not lo -i Scotch or English sculptor. The excuse Is that Mr. Sanders knew the deceased. So, however, did half-a-dozen loading British artists. It would, I fancy, be nearer the truth to say that Sanders happens to be a pet of Mr. Strong and Mr. Lloyd (Minnie, and that their desire to employ him carried the day. Miss Flora Shaw, who ''did' Australia and Xew Zoaland for the 'Time.*,' and has since superintended the colonial mailer in the leading journal, has just starlcd off In Klondykc as 'special correspondent.' There are. 1 believe, persons whu dNtru-'. her one-sided feminine views of Austral asian topics si) thoroughly that they would rejoice to hear of the Hear l.'ily st-ltling permanently iu thu wilds oi! British Col umbia. Mrlha lias been going lo revi.-it her 'be- loved homo in Aimr;ili;i' for .so long ilia! pressmen may be excused for nveiviiiK statements on the subject with reserve, if not scepticism. 1 believe, however, that 1 am jusiilicil in saying that the paragraph at present careerinp; through the news papers anent a ponding tour has lirmer foundations than most of its prede-eoson-s. On dit, the wonderful reception of Al li.ini, and the pots of money made by that mature songstress in Melbourne and Syd ney, have materially quickened Melba's Jo.n-l.iic=ss. lor 'ihe old folks at homo,' and that she ha-s now not merely fixed the time ot her visit, but resolved to take out the smartest concert parly which has ever visited Australia. The ill-luck which lias befallen the Wes traliaji Midas (Albeit Calverl) and others associated with 'boom' time in the 'com- i ing colony'' has never touched Mr. U'Arey. : the Mount Morgan millionaire. The latter ? goes as strong to-day as he did ten years ! ago. On Kriil.iy he onterf aincd the Lord I Chancellor and Lady Halsbury and half l he Peerage at a dinner and reception at bis splendid house, in St. George's place. Of course Melha was there to sing, supported : by M. Plancuu, M. Saleza, and others, and , 1 lie llowers and fruit, as usual at Mr. ' D'Arcy's panics, proved superb. I Miss Florence Menkmeyer, who has just returned to London at the conclusion of a , prolonged and highly successful tour on t the Continent, leaves for Australia with her sister by tho Prince Regent Luitpold , on the ?JSlh August. It is her intention to t make an extended lour of all the princi- , pal centres of Australia and New Zea- '? land. I: is noteworthy that Mis.s Monk- | meyer's (Treat successes have been achieved ! in tho mosi highly, cultivated musical com munilic.s. In Homo she; was espe.ciallv t-uc- | cpssful, and also in (iermany, where if was, admitted on ;-11 hands that she was the j most understanding and sympathetic in- | ierpretn ol tho beaulics and subleties of ' Beethoven who had been heard there; ioi \ ninny years. It i- nearly four years since ' Miss Menkmoyer was last heard in Am- | uvilia. [ The hat which is about to be handed round the empire on behalf of poor old j Sims Kec\ os will, one supposes, have to bo i Jillcd, 1 hough it is a gross scandal that any stop of i bo sort should be necessary. I'o'r 'M years the great tenor seldom opened his mniilli under a. hundred guineas, and j what ho did with the- huge sums he earned j no one has decisively discovered, Kela- , lions unquestionably' eased his pockets, somewhat, a penchant for gambling as- ' sislod materially, yet even these weak- , nesses should not liave melted such pheno- | mcual pains a« his. Htill lesa should they j have left Sims Beeves at the age of 7G a | beggar, obliged to beg from Australians, wlio have never even heard him sing. The hospitable Aucklanders who drove Mark Twain and Mrs. Clemens to the top of Mount Eden, and displayed before their eyes all the picturesque beauties of the Waitcmala without extracting from the great humorist as much as a single word, or even the ghost of a smile, will sympa thise with the waiter in a story now cur rent. According to this yarn Mark at ona time was in the habit of lunching in a r- s taurant in New York, pretty far up town, and away from the madding crowd. A lady who lived in one of the flats above the restaurant, meeting him juat as he was coming away from lunch, snoke to him for a few minutes. Later on, when she her self was having lunch, the waiter asked hci to tell him the name of the gentleman with whom she had been speaking. He said he wanted to know because he was the saddest-looking gentleman he had ever seen. 'It's quite depressing to wait oti him,' he said, 'for I've never once seen him smile.' Michael Davitt contributes a rapturous appreciation of the new Premier of Queens land to a society paper, from which 1 learn that Mr. Byrnes is 'without rival aC a speaker in Australia.' The Hon. David Carnegie?s account Oj his recent journey through Westralia wil« be published immediately by Pearson's. The second volume of the Spurgeon bi- ography is to be ready towards the end, of August. It takes up the great prea-' chcr's career in 1885, and carries him it the heights which he attained at tlu Tabernacle. The story of the courtship and marriage of Mr. and Mrs. Spurgeon if here told, and for the rest the volume it really auto-biography. When Spurgeon, had become a celebrity he also became « favorite subject for cartoons. Some ol these are reproduced, and there are many other illustrations. The two remaining volumes of the book will appear iu tha course of next year. Madam Albani and her husband are home again, and staying for a few days at the Boltons. The Queen is understood ta be most anxious to see the pritna donna and hear her impressions of Australia. Madame Melba was an early caller on Mr. and Mrs. Gye. Mr. Beerbohm Tree has engaged Mrs. Brown Potter to play Miladi in Sydney Grundy's Anglicised version of ''The Throe Musketeers,' because he believes her to possess '' the requisite beauty of personal appearance, intensity, and fascination for the part.'' Which is another way of saying that Mrs. Brown Potter is good looking and can act. The Australian contingent who played such a strong lwnd at Epsom and Ascoti were not in evidence at glorious Good wood, which though still a fashionable re sort, can nowadays show b t poor sport. For the famous Stewards Cup of six fur longs, which at one time drew 42 runners, there were on Tuesday only 15 competi tors. The Australian-owned Eager (4 years, 8 st. 10 1b.) was top weight, and found many friends, starting indeed third favorite at C lo 1. Mr. Fairie's old horse ran a splendid race with Mr. Jewitt's Al tesse (4 years, 8 st. 4 I b.l, Mr. Rothschild's Hosenierryn (4 years, 7 st. 11 lb.), and tha Prince of Wales's Lucknow (3 years, 6 st. 4 lb.). The four finished in a lump, but Altossc won by a neck, and Lucknotf. squeezed I'.agcr out of a place by a head*. Captain Machell's party threw in for 4 good stake over Allcsse, who started at 100 to 7. Hosemerryn was favorite, and hei» victory would have given the ring a nasty knock. Altcsse is by Amphion Marchion ess. Contrary to expectations, Percy Onvill did not enter for the Long Distance Ama teur Swimming Championship, which lie won in such brilliant style last year, and in his absence and A. A. Green's the race re solved itself into a one-man show, J. A. .larvis, of Leicester, the mile cham pion, winning in a hollow fashion by tfOQ yards, in the fast time of 1 hr. 7 min. 58 sec-. The race was decided on Saturday ovct (bo same course as that i: d last year, namely, from Kcw railway-bridge to Put ney pier, a ilisuni'0 of ~- miles (iO yards. There were 18 shuters. and 1.) finished thtf cr.iui so, eiijit nl' whom gained standard; it'll i tic: it os lor finishing within 10 minutei oi the winner. Billy llawes, of the West* min.-tcr Club, who swam third to Cavilf and Green last year, got second to Jarvis, and W. A. II. P.uller, of the Otter Club, vy;.*- third some SO yards behind ]Iawesl and half a dozen in front of 11. B. Clarke* wiri is the best long distance man po* sosm'iI by the Zephyr Club. Jarvis'a time^ by the way. was 1 min. AT see. slower thai? Ca\ ill's, but if llawes's position in the raed goc- for anything the Leicester man's per formance was something bolter than th« Australian's. llawes Finished within 30-l yards of Cavil), but was fully douolo thai distance behind .(arvis. .lack llellini;.-, who appears lo be going 'oil' form' in sprints, was one of the llavciisbournc team which took part in Ibe City oi London Championship decided in I bo Petersham Reach above Richmond lot Saturday. The Australian crack com peted in the 500 yards race for the team ami individual championship and managed to pull oft' the latter after a splendid race with '/.. Clare, of the City Police, whom ha heat by a couple of yards in 5 min. 30 see. The police, however, won the team cham pionship. Mr. I!. M. Hawker was again 'amosa the money ' at the Gun Club on Saturday afternoon, when the Noiting llill pigeon potters wound up what bus uuq.ueslioai.bly been the most brilliant season tho club has ever enjoyed. The South Australian eraolfi was one of 20 contestants in the Good wood Handicap sweepstakes of £3 each, with two la-guinea cups added, first misi out. Mr. Hawker was on the 281-yarxt mark with Mr. Heywood and the Hon. S. It. Boresford. At the end of the first rouna the field was reduced by nine, and on th« termination of the fourth only four gun- ners were in the running', to wit, the three back-markers already named and JJr, Wykham Martin 11-G£). Mr. Beresford was the first to quit, his'sixth bird, though in receipt of both barrels, falling dead inches dear of the boundary. The next to go was Mr. Martin, whose tenth bird esctiped willi the loss of its tail feathers. Meanwhile, Mr. Hawker and Mr. Heywood had drop* pod every bird put uj) to them, and with ten kills apiece elected to divide the pool, but decided to shoot off for the cups. Both; killed their next two birds, but the South Australian had the pleasure of seeing hia thirteenth fall dead just over the boun dary. Mr. Ileywood, however, dropped his rock in line stylo, and .so became en titled lo the pots. A. remarkable performance of a homing pigeon was recorded in connection with the Darwen homing Society's race from .Jersey, .112 miles. A young bird, belonging to Mr. R. Briggq, Hill Houses, covered the ; distance in 8J hours. The bird in ques- f tion was hatched on the 12th March ; when eight weeks old the youngster flew from Crewe, 41 miles ; then Stafford, 64 ; Worcester, 103 ; Swiudon, 151 ; and Bournemouth, 208 miles, on each succeed ing Saturday. And at fifteen weeks ac complished the difficult feat of. crossing tho Onannel, a performance never before equalled by a pigeon at this age. ? . 