The Miseries of DYSPEPSIA EFFECTUALLY ERADICATED The Case of MRS. CLARKE. (From the 'Nepean Times,' N.S.W.} -» (By Our Special Reporter.) Directions were given to our reporter to look up Mrs. Clarke, of Woodroffe- street, Penrith. On calling the pressman received a' cordial reception, and, on inquiring about her illness, Mrs. Clarke said: 'I first guessed there was something the mat ter -when I found that I couldn't do my ordinary work. C felt Restless and relaxed, and if I wanted to go out anywhere I felt so tired by the time that I had finished dressing that I often changed my mind and took my things off again. Then I began to notice a twitching, pricking pain between the shoulders, which got worse and worse. At night it gaye me the most distress; then the anguish of it was so great that night after night I -was Hot able to Lie Sown, but sat up in bed. as it was easier to bear the pain in that position; and, as for sleep, why, I hardly ever got an hour's rest from evening to morning.' . ?? 'So bad as that?' ? 'Yes, and all this time I had a. heavy sick head ache that never ceased, and my food disagreed with me every time I took it. After eating I felt great oppression on my chest, and I wouM have given the world to have thrown it up again. But there it stuck, cold and undigested, till it turned sour and brought on. windy spasms. There was always a nauseous taste in my mouth which no thing could remove. It is no wonder that I was So Thin and Weak, and of a pallid, unwholesome color. People used to say that I looked more like a walking ghost than a human being, but I looked no worse than I felt. I had to give up trying to work; it was no use, I couldn't .do it Tortured with unceasing headaches, and harassed by ^g* ? ?''?'? Th$^c|ji|^ending Pains $n**my back, life seemed not worth the living, and everytffing wto.ajarsery. .Meal time, which* to ttinee mo ar&jjajlaBalth.; is a time of cheerful ga ,j^Ering^only'~w^^fed me, for I .had no appetite, &n;|ponrKale iffipKTwas actually obliged to.' ;-s9?unlB cojU(dn%Jast long like that,' said' our reporteSfc ;' .'?*?$$?.. - '????'?. 3||rou|ge mlsTaken; a woman takes a lot of isSU ing, .for|%-nund iiff, I was V* ? ? - / 111 *or Three Years, and always getting worse.' . \ 1 'Surely the doctors could relieve you?' ''Nothing of the sort; the doctors could do nothing for me. Their physic quite failed in its object I can't stop to tell you now how many different pills and other things I took trying to. 'get relief. If they were all put together I be lieve the bottles of medicine and boxes of pills I took would have filled buckets. . .Every penny of ,the money Z paid for these things; , :_, . \ . . Was Utterly Wasted, and I can hardly understand how my poor body Btood.it aJL It was quite -plain that none of , these ^re|HedI«^|tti?*wany disease, %D',l'ceasea-tik-i ing mfldiefh^jatoggtceri; but I grew no b»tter. -£; sluggish torpor lay heavily on ms all day, my eyes were dim and swollen, and.yet I was not able to sleep, and at night I never could find an easy position in which I could get a few hours' rest, which I needed so badly, so exceedingly acute were the Tortures which Affected KSe. I grew very dejected. A great weight of despair hung over me like a cloak. The conversation of my husband and children was not able to arouse or interest me. Lower and lower I sank, and got weaker and weaker, till very often I thought that my spark of life was going out, aj»d that I was about to die. Medicine had seemed useless, and I could not see a gleam of hope anywhere, and, yet, at last, I found a remedy That Defeated the Disease which had hold of me.' 'Yes. what?' 'Clements Tonic. I was repeatedly advised to take it, but I put it down as being -about as much use as the other things which I had swallowed. But I was quite out of my reckoning, for. when I did give in and commenced to take it, An Immense Difference was easily seen in my general health after only one large bottle. The jlull appearance about the eyes gave place to a brighter and healthier look. I soon took a pleasure in reading, and the company of friends, who complimented me upon My Marked Improvement. ' I obtained four more bottles of Clements Tonic. It brought my strength back splendidly, and my headache and the pains in my back gave me less . trouble and pain after every dose. I felt quite sprightly and lively in the daytime; instead of \ heavy and stupid as I used to do, and at night, not feeling any pain to speak of, long sleep began to be a regular thing. No day passed but what I was a step further towards my usual vigorous health. Once I sent my food away, but now I called for more, and it did me good, digested easily, and I began to fill out all over. I avoided any chance of a relapse by sticking to Clements Tonic even after I thought I was convalescent. All traces of . ' Pain and Disease 'were Dissipated, and I was robust and vigorous again, thanks to that fine remedy, Clements Tonic, and I need hardly tell you I'm never now without a bottle in the house. It cured me.- You see I am in per fect health now; I hope I ever shall be. No one knows The Misery and Despair of one in ill-health except those who suffer it. 1 am glad to give the credit to Clements Tonic, It .did worlds .for me, and I don't 'care who knows it, for you or Clements Tonic 'people can publish what I've said in any way you like.' 