THE VOYAGE OF THE " PUbO WAY." SYCA.OLTO DAWN. Publihsd by special arrangsment with essrsrWarrdLock Coo., Ltd. [ALL tlITs ISESaERVED], CHAPTER VII. PIRACY ON TH1E 11101 SEAS. I will not protend that I slept well that night. Indeed, for quite two hours after turning in I scarcely attempted to close my-eyes, and when I did I saw things which made mo hastily open them again. A' dozen times I thought I heard somoe one twisting the handle of my door, and quite as often my imagination enabled mo to see the swarthy, swollen face of Gupp flattened against the port. In fact, so many alarms did I pass through, that when I awoke and saw the sun stlining I was surprised to find myself alive. Breakfast, of which I partook but sparingly, wan spread for mo as usual. But I had little inclination to eat. I wo? more anxious to got up on deck and have a look round. There was no one about the after-part of tlhe vessel, us, lighting my pipe, I leant "against the rail and watched thu land, which did not sooem to be more than two or three miles off. Indeed, I wondered much at our position, for according to the current wno should long siince have been out of sight. I thought of tihe Portugco and his engines; also of tmy dreams. But presently there was great cornmo tion forward. The catain and the mate sprang to tihe starboard corner of the bridge, their glasses to their eyes. A moment or two of expectancy followed, and then I heard the mate cry out at the top of his great, gruff voico " Forward there I All hands forward I" \- Then the bo'sun blow his whistle, thoer was a rushing too and fro, antd half.a dozen men sprang upon the fo'c'aleo. Gupp followed. swearing and giving directions, and I saw the men cover the gull with a groat square of canvas, the ends of which wore fastened carefully to tile deck. Then, much to my surprise, I heoard the clank of the engines, and for about half a minute we forged steadily ahead. Then there was silence again, as tile ship gradually slowed down and stopped. Needless to any I undorstood my dreamt at last. During this little malneuvro the captain had hardly lowered his glasses, and though at first I could mnake out nothing, gradually a little dark cloud began to form upon the eastern horizon. At first it wis no thin and indistinct tlhat should not have noticed it if left to myself ; but as I watched it percoptibly assumed a deeper shads and stretched furtler across tihe heavens. Like a long wisp of cloud it seemed, a thing that had no business in the perfectly clear sky, and as I watched I know what it meant. It was a cloud, truly, but a cloud of smoke cast up by some steameor which was not yet in sight. The man all crowded to the starboard sido and turned anxiously to the far horizon, even the Portugeo Luiz crawled up from- his reeking enginl-room, and hung his ugly, dirty face over tihe side. I darted below for my glasses, atnd while there I slipped a small box of cartridges into my pocket. When I reached the deck again thle topmasts of the steamer wore distinctly visiol .. I filled my pipe and tried patiently to await the development of events; but though I may have preserved an outward appearance of calm, inwardly I was throbbing with excitomunt. Each minutu that passed seemed multiplied by ton, and when at length the hull of the advancing vessel began to loom up, and I saw that she was consing towards us, I felt as though tle fate of tile whole world was hanging on the issue. Presently Hayling camoe aft, a bundle of flags under his arm, and as lie began to knot them to the signalling halliards I crossed over to him. The big foellow looked exceedingly solemn; I felt so. As he nodded to me thero was never the ghost of a smile on his hard face. "What arn you going to do, Ilayling 1 '" "'Signal to that vessel tlhat we aro badly in noeed of help." I advanced still closer to him. " What does this mean, old fellow ?" " Can't you guess l " said he, still busy witl the flags. "I darn net." He laughed between his teeth. "My dear Ravensford, wo'ro going to stop that ship, and sink her, too, if she gives any trouble." "Piracy I" "That's about it." Again ho laughed, and I thought his fa.o looked fiendish. " What ship is it?" I asked. " I haven't the faintest notion, but I think you will find that she is bound from Sydney to Hong Kong." "The Chung-Tong loft Sydney oil the 11th of last month with fifty thousand pounds in gold on board." " How do you know " said hs sharply. In as few words as possible I told him how I had become possessed of tieo inll formation. "Thon depend upon it, ltavensford, that vessel is the Chung.Tong." By this timno he had arranged the flags corroetly, and just as he was hloisting shem the captain, MIurroll, and half a' dozen men came aft in a body. Haylin-t did not look at me, but under his breath I heard him mutter, "BD careful. Thiley are rips for anything." I slipped my hands into my coat pockets and assumed mly boat air of, indillbronce. In one of .... inatantly curled round Ithe trigger. The men stood back by the bulwarks, where they formed an evil-looking group of cut-throats; ?uacshicl and the mato advanced. Looking up at the flags, then at the far-off ship, which every minuto loomed up clearer, the skipper said, "You sec that ship ?" '; "Yes," I replied. "Can you guess her name " " Tho Clung-Tong," naid I, nomwbhat defiantly. "Good I" and his devilish little faco soomed to wrinkle with pleasure. "Per haps you can also gueas whelro ho comes from 1" " Sydney." S"nd what shecarrioes 7" " Fifty thousand pounds in gold." " Whore 5A she bound for " i "onFKong." "No " Where thean " "The next world I " I started, taken clean off my guard. The man's face suddenly grew wrinkled and hideous, like a monkey's, and he aeemed passionately to spit the words out. '"I hope not," said I. "Vehol," ho replied, "it's a pity, of ourse ; but before she goes we are going to ask her to leave her gold behind. It will be no use in the port heo's bound for." "Molt," grinued the mate. " Mono whatever," said 1, replying to the captain. " I think yours is a perfectly ol hope so," said lhe, with a nasty lugh. "Ar you with usl" ,,." First lot me know your project," said I, hoping in a vague sort of way that the time gained might prove beneficial. " We intend to got hold of that fifty thousand. It ought to set us up for life." "How many of you ?" His brows went together, and hlo scowled frightfully. I had spoken rather loudly. "There is enough for all," said he, in a low, meaning voice. "But suppose her captain refuses to part 7i" 'We shall make him." "How 7" "We have a gun forward, and our third mats, ar Gupp, was once a gunner in the Royal Navy." "Then you will sink her unless she surrenders ? " " Precisely." "It's a dceporato enterprise, Captain lnacsahiol." Ioe grinned hideously, while the mate and the men began to show signs of im patience. Evidently they thought enough had beon said. It was time to act. The captain, advancing a stop nearer, pored into my face. - " Will you join us ?" "But this is piracy." "Never mind wliat it is," said he. " Will you join usl " " No, I will not." "Then you uuderstand that we have no room for traitors aboard ? " The faces of those before me grow black and threatening, and I really believed a rush was immnnent. I covered IMacshiel with my concealed pistol, and I felt suro that I could put a bullet somo whore through his body. Hlu saw the movelmnt, and, guessing what it nmeant, stepped back, a livid twitch of terror shooting down his cadaverous jaws. And, truly, at that moment he was bound for the same port as the Chung-Tong. An angry look swept into his eyes, and he said, with a horrid grin - " What have you got your hands in your pockets for I " "To keep them warm." " Then up with them. I'm the master hero." " Captain Mllacshiol," I said, " I have no quarrel with you-I have no wish to quarrel with you. I candidly admit that I uti not a fighting-man, nor has fighting ever come my way before; but I'll do my best to injure the man who trieos to injure me." It was a bit of bounce, and yet not altogether bouuce. I know tlthe men were desperate, and they would not hesitate to eacrificea eo if I ondeavoured to thwart them. The alternative was therefore given me-and yet what an alternaative I To join them, oven against my will, would be to make me equally guilty in the eyes of the law. Not to joii themis meant that there was no room for me aboard the I'ulo Way. Therefore the bounce was not all bounce ; there was a deadly seriousness undoerlying it as befitted such au occasion, which I think lsacshiel was quick to sou. Or perhaps the knowledge that between himn and a bullet there was only the lining of my coat may have quickesed his psrception. " Nobody wats to injureo you," said he, with a conciliatory grin. " What the deuce do you take us for? Though driven desperato we are not wholly without reason. We have cried for justice, but justice is deaf as well as blind. I don't want to prate or preach; but I can tell you that we are just sick of tlhings, and that new we mean to live--to live, if it's only for a month 1" So this was a new phase of Captain laehlliel's character. But his sophistries foll on unsympathetic ears. "'To live for a month is good. And after 1" Il laughed harally. "To live still; for we intend to render detection im possible. It's as good as five thousand pounds in your pocket. What do you nay P" " hIave said." "Very well; " and this time ho smiled .ery wickedly " We'll make you one of us in spite of you. Now, lads," cried hlie, turning to the men, " to quarters. In half-an- hour we shall all be rich men." Uo waved his hand and drove them, for ward, while I slunk away aft, a prey to the most distressing emotions. The ship-a long, low, oneofunnel boat with a prvjecting bow-canmo sweeoping up grandly out of the ocean. For some time now lheo had seen us, and when she was near enough to roal our signal her holm was put over and she bore straight down upon us. Poor beggars I Eager to help, how they would have slunned us had thev only known! On she came, straight for us, like an animaal ready to spring over the white hedge of foam which for ever seemed to block her way. The red oensign wont up, and presently she signalled, "Can l be of any assistance 7" The mateo hero came rushing aft, and ran up the pennant " Yes" TherO followed an immediato bustle aboard the liner, and I saw some meo spreong to the davits on the port side aid begin to clear the falls. Then the wash before her bows subsided, and I ktnow that the engines had stopped. Through my glasses I could seeo distinctly the oflicors on the bridge and several persons leaning over the rail aft. Ase soon as she was near enough for me to distinguish her name, which was written in big brass letters upon her bows, I read the words Clung- Tong. I admit the singularity of it all deeply impressed me, and I know not at which I wondered most, man's ingenuity or his perfidy. The electric wire had told the people in China that the Chung Tong had left Sydney with lifty thousand pounds on beard. The neat day the newspapers had printed it; a man had read the piaragraph; it awoko an idea, and the idea had been duly executed. And now here was this very vessel coming up out of the sea to her destruction. She stopped less than a quarter of a lile off, nod the people on her deck were plainly visible to the naked eye. With glasses I could ovea distinguish the uni form of the oflicers, while to my dismay I sate some womeno among the people aft. But now the boat of which I have spoken was lowered from the liner ; four or five nlen slipped down the falls, and presently the little craft shot out from the big one and canto towards us. In the toern iat nu olicer ; in the bows knelt a ano with a boathook, while four more rowedl. Tlhe aso being smoothl, the little boat skipped gallantly across the water, and presently she was brought to a few yards away from us, and just opposite the bridge upon which the captain stood. " What ship is this T' I hoard the young officer askl, who vainly scrutinised our bows for the name, which had beenou painted out somi thrco or four days proeviously. " The Golden Guinea," shouted Mac shiol, "from Shanghai to the Torres Straits. What are you 7" Tihe Chung-Tong - Sydney to Long Kong. What canl w do for you 7" " 1'11 toll you," said the old man, loean ing out far over the rail. " Wo intend to do a little trading among the islanda, but being a bit short of cash, we thought you wouldn't object to lending us a little.' "Eh P" said the young follow, looking exceedingly astonilhed. "I believe you have something like fifty thousand pounds on board. You must hand it over." "The look of stupofaction on the young follow's faco was almost ludicrous. This was evidently the last request he had ox pected. " Why, confound you," he said, " you must be mad I" "So mad," said Macclhiel, grimly, " that if you don't hInd it over II sink you." y Very well," was the reply; "I'll report." " I'll give your captain live minutes to decide from the time you roach the deck. If the pennant ' Yess doean't go up, then '11 open fire. And ,no hanky- panky, mind. This is going to be a big job." Without more ado the young fellow put about and made utraight for his ship, while Gupp uneovered the cannon forward and took his place beside it. For the first time I felt the excitement of battle in my blood. It would be an ignoble battle, no doubt ; but I fancied there would be some desperate work done. I saw the young oflicer swarm up the side of tire liner and immediately make his way forward to the bridge, where the captain still stood. Then I turned to Ilarshiel, who, after looking at his watch, rwent and rang the engineer to stand by. Things were hurrying to a climax. I know tirhe men of the l'ulo Way were des perate and resolved ; I knew they would have the gold or such revenge as it was possible for them to take. Th'le question was, could tihe Chung-Tng resist us with any hope of uccess?i Iagerly I watched the little group on her bridge, and presently the captain be. tan to gesticulate wildly. Then I saw him point to the engire-room telegraph, and a few seconds atter the water began to bubble round her stern. Captain iracasiel inmoediately flew to our telo graph, and thnou came the low throb, throb of our enlgines. " Wing him, Supp!" I heard the skipper shout. "The beggar's going to try to give us the slip." It so happened that at that moment an awkward angle prevented ]Ir Cupp from ggo.ting the gun into play, and when at length he did the Chung-Tong was stern en and'steaming like mad. I know by report that sire was a good two or three knots faster than we wore, and if she could only keep us off for something like alf an hour she might defy fthe Pulo Way. But the gunner lost no time. Soettling about his business in the most approved manner, the boom of the gun told me that the fight had begun. The shot however flow high of the mark and splashed into sea some distanco ahead. Gupp laughed uproariously as he loaded again, and I could see the very devil of mischief frolicking over his big face. There was but a short interval betweeon the first and the second shot. A puff of smokoe, a sharp crack forward as of the atimosphere suddenly exploding, and then all eyes flow to the liner. Almost at the same moomont the rail about her port quarter was soon flying about in all dtree. trans. The captain kicked up his hools with delight and yelled out, " Bravo, Gupp I Give it to him again I" Gupp, who I no longer doubted had learnt his gunnery at the expense of the nation, waved his hand as he sent forth a big laugh. Absorbed in his work, I don't hoeliev ho gave a memoLt s reflection to the horror of his act. 1e was an enthu siast with only one thought-to make the best play possible with his gun. The third shot, from tie gunner's point of view, was even better than tho second. It struck the high skylight of the poop, anl, exploding with a horrid noise, seont the splinters flying in all directions. The fouetth missed; but the lifth shattered a boat that awung on the port davits, and destroyed the mizzoen shrouds. This last shot must have proved con elusively to the captain of the liner that in the gunner of the Pulo Way he had a dangerous aran to deal with. so without more ado lie hoisted the signal of eur. rundor and stopped his engines. We passed very clooe to hirm-so close that Captain Macshiel leant over the rail of the bridge and bellowed, " Got the stuff ready. I'll send a boat alongside in a minute." We came-to about throeo hundred yards away, always maneouvring so as to keep our how on. Then some of the men rushed aft so as to lower the starboard boat, which piece of work LHaling super. intended. 1 tried to catch his eye, for very obvious reasons, but never once did fle turn my way. It sooeeodas though hie purposely wished to avoid me. Presently the mate came along, and as his eyes caught mine I saw that his face was all aglow with a quiet, devilish sort of delight. " Now, then, bustlo along, you there! " he cried. " Got ready to go in the boat, and mako yourself useful." " You sooem to forget that I am a pas songer." " W\Vo have no passengers aboard the Pulo Way," he answered significantly. "You are either for us or against us -which is it ' " I prefer to remain neutral." "There can be no neutrality," he blustered. "Into that boat you go, " Or what ?" Io grinned consumedly. It was a joke in ten thousand. " Don't you be so belly obstinate," Ihe said. " For some reason best known to himself, the old man seems bent upon making a pet of you. But we mean business this time, and you may take my word for it the old man is not the most patient soul afloat." It was a close corner, and one out of which I failed to see my way. I looked at the liner yonder, the men about me tie onll was as helpless as I, the other ready for anything. Just then I caughta look in layling'a eye which somewhat reassured me. " Very well," I said, "I will go, but under protest." " Oh, that's all right," lihe replied, with a disagreeable laugh. "I'll duly enter it in the log." By this time the boat was lowered and swinging clear of the ship, and at a sign from the mate, I sprang upon the rail, seized one of the ropes, and slid down into her. Hayling made room for me beside him in the stoern. falf-a-dozen men scrambled down. and no pushed oflf. Before us lay the liner, a great black mass of iron, her side crowded with an eager throng. IHayling kept a stil'ff upper lip, and stared coldly ahead of him ; but it seoomed to mie as though Oach eye looked unutterablo scorn, while each tongue framed the horrid word " Thief ! thief I" CHAPTER VIII. lit': LAST OF THIE LINERI HIayling and I nat together in the atorn, he grimly mute, I bursting with ourmiso. His right hand grasped the tiller, and he fixed his keen eyea steadily ahead. The man who rowed stroke, our bo'sun, or Number One, a big, gaunt specimon of the northern Chinaman, grinned mean ingly at no from timo to time. An impertineot grin it was, and one that I might ha.ne resented in another place. But, gueasing the fellow's thoughts, and why he had boon sent with us, I kept my temper. As I turned to look at our ohip, I whisperod to IHayling " You are not one of them 7" " In the way that you are," he replied. without looking. " Can't we board this vessel ?" IIo shook his head, "Impossible. She would be sunk in ten minutes." I felt that this was true, and thought some unkind things of IMr Gupp. Our bo'nun grinned unpleasantly, as though ho undoratood. I was not then awaroof the concealed weapons on the moon, or did I imagine that at our tilat attempt to fly those weapons would have been used against us. About a dozen yards from the Chung. Tong Ilayling called to the men to stop, and then, standing up in the boat, ho eRlutedtha captain, a middle-aged, brown boarded man, with a fat, choleric face. ' You heav fiity thousand pounds on board 1' he cried brusquely. " Well I" answered the captain, whose rage was so groat that ho could scarcely control himself. "I am very sorry, air," said Hayling, "but my orders are imperative. You must hand it over." "And if I refuse o" " We shall probably send you to.the bottom." The man's face grow absolutely purple and he clutched the rail convulsively. A very torrent of passion raged within him. " And if I handyou over the money 1" " You will be at liberty to proceed on your voyage." HIe turned to the little group which surrounded him, though he especially addressed his remarks to a distinguished looking, gray-headed man who seemed to be a passenger of consoquence. For a few moments several excited voices were heard, and than the captain turned to us. "I accept your terms," he bellowed; " but if it wasn't for my passengers I'd see you hanged first!" Ilayling saluted, replying coldly, " When you've got the boxes up I'll come alongside to receive them." Mluch bustling and excitement followed partlOularly among the passengers aft. There woro several of those, among whom I noticed a woman, a young girl of about twenty, whoso fair hair shono brilliantly in the sunlight, and whose face, notwithstanding its eager, terrified expression, was one of singular sweet ,noss. The aforementioned distin guished.looking old gentleman came att and spoko to lhear, and tried to lead her below; but she shook her head without turning, fixing us with such a look of horror that I could have jumped over board for shame. "Confound that girl I" muttered Hay. ling. " Why doesn't she go below 1" I couldn't say, but I symppathised with our worthj' second mate. Presently a man came to thie aide and waved for us to approach, and in him I recognised the yosng officer who had come off to the Pule Way. As we drew near almost under whoer the young girl stood, aud though I know what I might expect, I could not help looking. Neither could Ilayling. Yet one quick glance waaquite enough. I think there were not at.that moment two more contemptible men on the high seas tlan Hlayling and 1. I looked at him, but his lips had gone close together, and his face had grown grimly repellant. We camen alongside just where the officer stood, and quickly the first box, securely slung in a not, vas lowered to " There .ought to he ton of those boxes," maid Hayling, in his roughest, gruffest voice. "Quito right," said the officer, looking hard at my companion. Hayling dropped his eyes ; but the other, leaning further over, said in an altered tone-a tono not unmixed with curiosity " WVol I" said Hayling, withcut looking " Did you ever know a follow called Frank Hayling 1" "No, was the abrupt reply. But tlhe face of the second mate grow harder than ever. " You wouldn't.- He was an honest maeu." An ominous cloud darkoned my com panioti'a face, but beyond a quick dilating of the nostrils he gave no other sign oi being stung by the taunt. Yet why had he refused to admit to his identity Equivocal as was his position, it was none of his choosing. Against it he might have struggled in vain. But in the meantime the specin had been passed over the side until the whole ton boxes lay at our feot; then, without more ado. the men got out their oars, and amid the jeers and execrations of those aboard the Australian liner we put about for our ship. " I suppose I can go now ?" yelled the captain. "Not until we signal you permission," said Hayling. As I looked up I encountered a row of angry faces ; but my eyes only rested on one the white, scared face aft, with its nimbus of goldxn'hair. As we rowed back to the Pulo Way my companion turned to me. " VWhat a strange little world this is I That follow who spoke to me was once a shipmate of mine." "Then why did you deny your iden tity 7" " Cussedness, I suppose-or some scruple as to etting my friends know that I have turned pirate." " All the same, it's a pity we didn't try to got aboard." " There would then have booeen no hope for the Chung-Tong: Look ahead." On the foc's'lo-head stood MIr Gupp beside his gun, the gun itself trained upon the unfortunate liner. I saw and understood ; but all the same I deeply regretted having to return to the Pulo Way. W"Did you see that girl aft 7" I asked. "Seeo her !" he echood. " don't think I shall over forget her secared, white face, tier look of utter abhorrence. What unmitigated scoundrels she must think usl" What unmitigated scoundrels we are I But she was very lovely."' " Too lovely to go to the bottom," said he. " What do you mean1" " If I hadn't seeoon her I should have tried to got aboard the Chung-Tong." I followed the drift of his thoughts, and while I duly admired the self-sacrifice I could not help thinking him over-scrupu lous. Once on board the Chung-Tong wo might have got away, or offered such resistance as wouli havo given Captain IMacsbhiel a distato for piracy of tihe more adventurous order ; but once back aboard the Pulo Way we would be entirely at the mercy of a crow of successful des peradoes. \\\ell, it was too Into now. The chance, if chance it were, had gone, and we had to faco the future with what cloorfulnous we could command. A few strokes brought us alongside the old packet, and in an incredibly short space of time the specie was transferred from our boat to the dock. As soon as all was clear I clambered up the side, and there upon the deck 1 behold the carpenter hard at work upon one of the boxes with a chisol and a hammer. In less than a minuto he bad the iron binding off, the end open, and the sovereigns, neatly packed, were exposed to view. The mate, who had been superintend ing this interesting performance, immo diately turned to the captain, who was still on the bridge, and shouted out, ' All right, sir I" The old man waved his hand, and even at that distance I saw the horrid grin that spread itself over his ugly face. rhen the mate had the box fatoened up again and the whole of the plunder carried below. By this time the boat haid been hauled up, to which piece of work I lent a hand. Indeed, willy-nilly, I seemed to be doing my best to further my apprenticeship to the piratical trado. There was grim old layling laying on to the rope with allhis might, and so, perforce, I laid on too, without much thinking ; though it might not have been so hard to guess the reason oi tho apparent acquioceonco of the big Australian. But on once more turning to take another peep at the Chung-Tong I was somewhat astonished to see how close we were drawing; for now that we had plun. dered the ship there was no neeessity to kiss before saying good-bye. Being en tirely unprepared for what was about to follow, I was beginning to feel a little curious as to the meaning of the move oent, when the gun forward rang out. At first the full significance of the ant did not appear obvious, but when it was followed by-the utmost consternation aboard the liner, I realisod in full the horror of it all. Nor did it need the second shot, which quickly followed the first, to convince me of the fiendish in tention of M\facshiol. I saw the shell ex plodo low down by the side of the Chung. Tong, and by the way her oflicers crowded to that particular portion of the bulwarks and looked anxiously over, I knoew that sho had been badly hit. Turning, I saw Hayling beside me. White wrrth showed up through his dark skin; there was a nasty glitter in his eyes. Yet his voice was calm and icily cold when lie spoke. "Thiis s a pretty business, Ravensford," "They mean to sink her ?" "Undoubteely." "sBut, Ulayling, might we not protest ?" " We might; but it wouldn't be of the slightest use, They must sink the Chung Tong if they hope to escape detection. Who, then, is to know how she went down ? Indeed, from their pdint of view, it is the only thing they can do. Pro testing is useless. There are quite fifteen ooen forward, all fully armed." "But, good heavens, we can't stand by and oee this donto I" " We must-unless we want to go down. with her. Mucli better live in the hope of bringing those scoundrels to book. Soe, sho's under way at last," and lie pointed to the bubbling water just under her counter; "but too late, 1 fear-too late." Too late indeed, for just then another shot rang out, and we know then that the helpless vessel had again been badly hit. Hayling's indifference suddenly gave way to a fierce outburst of passion. Hto ground his teeth and shook his hugo fist in the direction of M?r Gupp. " Confound that fellow I" le hissed; I'll be even with him yet." lie turned from me and searched intently every point of the horizon. But coming back again ho heook his head. ~Nothing in sight, old man. It's all up with the Chung-Tong." (T' bt C'onttnued). 