ANGLICAN CHURCH SYNOD. ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of the Synod of the Anglican Church was opened on Tuesday night in St. Paul's Gathedral, when a special service was held and Bishop Dawes delivered the following pastoral address :— My reverend brethren, and brethren of the laity, — Once more it is my glad privilege to bid jruu vui uiai noibuiiio iuiu guuu o|j«cu an tun name of the Lord, as we assemble to take part in the second session of the third synod of this diocese. The occasion o' a synod bhould be a time of spiritual invigoralion for those engaged in the work of building up the church of Christ in a new diocese and a young colony. We come together not merely as ' tiahers of men ' for the purpose of washing and mending our nets — in other words, of making the means and instruments of our calling more fit and effective — but above all for stimulating our powers of faith, and zeal, and devotion in regard to the true aim and end of ail our work. Happily we have this session but little business to transact ; and happily, judging by past experience, our deliberations in synod are likely to be conducted without lengthy or contentious debate. We ought, then, to avail ourselves of the opportunity thuB afforded for concentrating thought upon the spiritual and motive forces which should quicken and sustain our labours, and upon the means by which we may make our work less unworthy of Him we serve. May God the Holy Spirit so enable me, that by wise and loving counsels I may be permitted, in some measure, to make our common aim in work more clear, our motive more pure, our methods more wise, and our self-devotion more entire. The real aim of all our endeavour, organisa tion, and ministry cannot be too frequently or strenuously insisted on. We are here Jin Central Queensland, not merely as fellow citizens to take an active part in building up a strong and prosperous community, worthy alike of its ancestry and its destiny ; we are here as loyal adherents of the church of our fathers, placed under tho most solemn obliga tion — clergy and laymen alike — to build up tho ' body of Christ.' Take good heed that this high aim be not obscured or lowered by any considerations of worldly policy or promptings of present expediency. We are not here to overlay the surface of society with a thin veneer of morality ; to create a ' stream of tendency (not ourselves) which makes for righteousness '; to daub with untempered imrtar the walls of God's temple and call it religion. It is not our mission to register such religious opinions as may for the time being be approved by people generally, and by an ingenious eiuuouity £of teaching adapt aud trim God's truth to popular eentiment, and thus submit a revised edition of Christ'e gospel to the fastidious requirements of the nineteenth ceutury. Nor again are we here to attempt to gain nun.erical or social ascendency over other religious bodies, or to engage in the unfruitful field of controversy, or to condemn those ' who walk not with us.' We are hire strong in the conviction that our course is clearly marked out for us by God ; that the task He has assigned to us is to ' build up the body of Christ ' in this fair land of our adoption ; and that we have at command such spiritual resources flowing to us from the living Christ, through the ministry of His word and sacraments, that with in trepid purpose and brave h jpe we may address ourselves to the work. Now, all true en deavour to promote the glory of God mint perforce, like charity, begin at home. Our circle of good must have a centre, and that centre ourselves. We must prepare by personal religion aud holiness for whatever we hope to effect for our age and generation : ' WouMs't them ro forth and bless, be sure of thine own ground, Fix well thy centre first, then draw thy circles round.' Goporate life cannot exist ftpart from in dividual life*, and individual life cannot thrive or be productive of good unless it finds its sphere of activity in corporate life. Be ginning then with our own diocese as the unit of church life, let us within widening concentric circles of far-rcacliing relationship and obligation embrace in brief survey such evidence of progress and achievement, such signs aud promise of larger results in the near future as mark the close of the century, in order that both ia our individual and corporate life we may more zsalously promote the advance of Christ's kingdom on earth. THE DIOCESE. To begin then with our own diocese, the pre sent outlook is by no means discouraging, and I say this deliberately in spite of the meagre ness of our resources and the maguitude of our task. Some of you have witnessed ou the mountains and the moors tie magnifying power of mist and fog, so that at a distance objects are grossly ex iggerated in eiz3. It is only when you get close to them they assume their own proportions. So, frequently through the mist of despondency and self-distrust our difficulties loom big in front of us ; but on goiug forward and grappling with them in the name of God, they grow leBS and less formid able and at length are surmouuted. Tlfe diocese is only five and a-half years old. Yet during that short period we have had such manifest tokens of divine help and favour that I, for one, can look forward to the future with entire confidence. We are gradually augmenting our staff of clergy and lay workers ; churches arc being built where none existed before ; new districts of work are being opened out; the number of communi cants and Sunday school teachers and scholars is decidedly on ttio increase ; wnilc, so far as I am able to judge during my pas toral visitation, there are signs of growing appreciation of the church's ministrations and sacraments. All this is cause for thankful ness, and should be a epur to greater effort. It is early yet to epeak of results in connection with the St. Andrew's brotherhood at Itongreach ; but I feel bound to say that, having recently returned from a visitation in that western, district, . I feel profoundly .' impressed by, what has been done in six short months! . The. St. Andrew's House at Longreach was opened' and dedicated on .the 9th of December last,, and has proved to be admirably suited to its, purpose. There are at. present' only three clergymen who make the house theff head-, quarters, but as the work develops and the, tunds increase, it is hoped that others, both clergy and laymen, will join them. Withput, question the right-system has been adopted, and, thank God, the right men have volun teered tor the work. . It only remains lor . those living iu the western district to give to . the project their geuerous support, . tbeir prayers, and their good-will. I ought to add thai many friends at home are working hard . for the biotherhood. Our dear friend, Arch deacon Lester, has been busy travelling about Eugland preaching and lecturing ou its behalf, and recently the Bishop of Durham and the Bishop of Rochester have presided over meet* ings in London for the saflte purpose. But let it not he supposed that our vast western Hlof flAt1 la flia nnlil nnnl- a f (lin ,J ? a ^ .- _ -* __!.*.__._. fcuch an organisation is needed. The method inaugurated at Longreach will, I trust, be in time extended to other large mission district*-, such as Clermont, Spriugsure, St. Lawrence, &c.; I have said t hatof these religious communi ties, such as we have in embryo at Longreach, it is hoped that laymen aB well as clergy will form part. It may be well to state briefly how large a share of responsibility rests upon those who have not been admitted to holy orderB, but who, not Ies3 than the official ministry, are bound to work in the Lord's vineyurd and to help in building up the body of Christ. We have, thank God, some very earnest lay readers who devote their few leisut e hours to giving most valuable help to evange listic work, but we need to increase their number a hundredfold if we are to provide as we ought to do for the spiritual wants of our scattered fbek. Aud more than that, it is necessary that our lay helpers should be not only men aud women ' whose hearts the Lord ? has touched,' but whose minds the Lord lias filled with wisdom and knowledge. To this end much °can be done in the way of self-cducaliou by occupying the spare frag ments of time eveu in the busiest life. Yet, as time goes ou we ought to furnish opportunity for better training than is thus possible, aud this mxy best be done in community life, wherein study, devotion, and work may be systematically carried on uuder wise and careful direction. You may, perhaps, think that I am looking iuj ia,i luiwuru, uuu forecasting me posBl- - bilities of the future, iuBioid of dealing with the stern necessities of the present. But iu pioneer work such as ours we cannpt do without a good workiug hypothesis', nor without the inceulive and inspiration of a high ideal, towards which we may patiently and resolutely plod. We are uot only Christ's shepherds and stewards, but iu a very real sense also architects and builders. Let our plans, then, be laid nofcaitnply to meet the im mediate need of to-day, but for the larger re quirements of the not distant future. Like those who in olden time reared the stately cathedrals of Europe, although wealth in ihoBe days was quite iusigaificaut as com pared with what it is now, yet, because they built for the glory of God aud for posterity, their plans were designed upon a bold, and broad, and waguilkent sjale, aud as genera tion succeeded generation each contributed of their best to the 'gradual accomplishment of the whole, and their handiwork has re mained to inspire, to ennoble, and to enrich Christian thought aud devotion for all time. Let ub be actuated by like motive, and keep before us the same lofty aim as we build up the church of Christ in our several parishes or in the diocese as a whole. Let me ind'eate in outline what our plan should be—one that possesses no originality, but is in accord with the best traditions of the rftst. First there is the structural organisation, the building up of the church as a divine society, as part of a world wide institution, with its proper officers, its laws, its discipline, its creed. This has already been done upon lines that are equally applicable to the initial organisation in the present aud to the fullest development in the future. Next, we have to make provision for bringing the ministrations of the church within reach of the people, the reticulation, so to speak, of the means of grace, and iho sheperding of the sheep. This should be done, and in fact is being done, iu two special ways— (1) by the parochial system ; and (2) by the collegiate system. With the former we arc all familiar. It is well adapted for populous towus, but twelve years1 ex perience in Queensland has convinced me that it is altogether unfitted for carrying on the church's work among the spaiBe and scattered population in our vast bush districts. To meet' special conditions we heed special methods, and these are provided by the col legiate or community 6ystem. The mission station becomes a mission centre, and forms the headquarters of a band of clergy and lay tnsn. Tthojcttn itinerate over a wide area of coUutryif-l9i Systematically minister, to the most scattered flock, while they are not deprived of - the fellowship and spiritual invigoration afforded by periodical returns to their central home I look forward with con fidence to this system inaugurated at Long reach becoming the recognised method of work in the bush districts of this diocese. But we must not rest coutented with.- our dioceBau organisation until we have established 'a system of religious education which will give - life and stamina and solidarity to the whole. The essential, fundamental Weakness «f the Anglican communion in Australia is Che want of religious education ; and however napaiat- able the words may be to those who pride themselves upon the state provision forpubllo; instruction— I cannot call it, nor'isit officially called, education — there is grave reason to. fear that the Ungpage of the prophet Hosea may with some justice be addressed to. oar feUow-ohurohmen in thii colony; 'My *♦ people are destroyed ior lack of knowledge : ('because thoa hist rejected knowledge I will «? also rejeot theo, that thou'shalt bo no priest *' to me ; seeing that thou hast forgotten the ' law of tby God, I will also forget thy ' children.' Our children ask for breid, and we nive them the stones of secular knowledge. We spend rouob time, and money, and labour in furnishing their minds. We do little in the way of forming characters. It is on character infinitely more than on knowledge that all that is vital to the power and estate of a great nation turns. It U truth— the truth of God— that haa made us free, and by truth alone can we preserve our freedom. It may seem a bold thing to say in the faoe of existing facts, and of fatal loss of opportunity in the past ; but I nevertheless maintain that if the state will not provide for the religious eduoation of our children, we are bound, at all risks and sacrifice, to do so for ourselves. We cannot, without treason to conscience and to God, allow our children to be taught a no-religion. Teachera cannot, do what they will, be neutral in regard to religion. If they refrain from teaching any religion they are for all practical purposes inculcating agnosticism ; and it is indeed unjast for Christian parents to be compelled to pay for instruction, which at least negatively is hostile to all religious conviction To this grave defect in primary educa tion ia doubtless due in some decree a deplorable lack of native-born candidates for holy orders. While we see young Aus tralians of ability crowding the other learned professions, for the noblest profession of all we still are obliged reluctantly to draw men from the universities and theological colleges at home. This is not to the advantage of the old country, where the really capable can ill be spared, nor to the colonies which ought not to need them, aud would be better served by a native ministry. The southern dioceses are beginning to draw upon their own re sources, and through their universities and theological colleges have facilities for doing so which we hope also one day to enjoy. Our diocese will never he efficiently organised until primary and secondary education, based upon the principles of Christian faith, are available for all who desire it, nor until we have a training college for young men who wish to prepare for holy orders. It may be many years before we are likely to obtain all that we need, but meanwhile we can be doing much to promote a higher Btaudard of Christian knowledge in our midst. 1 am disposed to think that there is no brunch of learning so richly endowed with literature, scholarship, and teaching power as Christian theology, using that word in its widest sense, or one in which the results are so meagre and disappointing. Why is this so? ; Is it not that, although the subject is one of j supreme interest, it ia not seriously taken in hand by the great majority of church people, that while art and science and general literature claim and receive whole hearted devotion and moBt painstaking study, sacred lore is either wholly neglected or treated with such indolent and listless attention as to leave no deep impression upon the mind? There is in my opinion too much exhortation and too little definite teaching delivered from our pulpits. Undoubtedly exhortation has a very important function to perform in arous ing the conscience and influencing the will through the emotions, but unless exhortation be preceded by careful infraction, and regard be paid to the reasoning faculties of man, our most fervid appeals will produce only volatile and barren results. I think it was Bishop Beveridge who said tbat ' Preaching does little good to an un catechised congregation,' and what he means is tbat without an intelligent grasp of Christian truth people are ill prepared to re spond to the precepts of Christian life. In this connection I desire very warmly to com mend an admirable system of catechetical instruction known as - the ' Dupanloup System,' . It has been adopted with excellent Wmlts. not only at home, bat also in this diocese, True, it U intended for the young, but the same principle of clear de finite teaching can and should be ap plied to those of mature age, whom it is our duty not only to exhort, but also to convince ; not only to oonvinoe, but to build up in the faith of Christ. An opportunity is now afforded to all, whether clergy or laity, who are willing to avail themselves of it, whereby the study of divinity may be stimulated and helped. A college of theology has been established by the General Synod of the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania to 'foster and direct the systematic study of divinity, and for the granting of certificates by the same,' The certificates issued after examination are as follow :— (a) Th. A,, or Associate in Theology. {b) Th. L., or Licentiate in Theology. (c) Th. Schol., or Scholar in Theology, (d) Tb. Soc, or Fellow of the College of Theology. The first of these, the *' Associate in Theology,' is open to laymen and lay women, and I strongly urge upon all outlay readers and Sunday school teachers the desirableness of their obtaining the certificate. The examination is not one that 'fieed mlarra anyone of average ability jtud^MU^Sfi^, and the atudy^entaifad would-be trf*l»afclculable advantage both to teachers and scholars, I would also venture very strongly to advise our clergy to make use of this college of theology as a valuable incentive to reading, and as a meanB of keeping their weapons of spiritual combat bright and keen. THE fKOVlKUK. We have lingered too long over matters that immediately concern the diocese to give the consideration, thy ilisurmi to questions of taportaoce lyiniH&ifwdwourjnriedietion;, but with which trratte*ita£t*iauon. We form jfertof the Churctr of ? England in Australia and Tasmania, .and were represented in the general synod of 1896. The fonr determina tions made daring that session will be sub* s mitted to yon for aooeptsnoe or rejection. Being in England at the time, I w*f an* r fortunately unable to attend the general synod, and am at a disadvantage in advising you as to i he tenor of the debates upon the determinations. Should, however, our dis cussions disclose no serious flaw in the legislation of the general synod, I trust that we shall be able to accept its decisions in deference to the moral weight that ought to attach to them coming from so august and representative a body. In connection with the fourth determination allow me to read the terms of a resolution passed by the Lam beth Conference of last year : — ' Recognising the almost universal custom ' in the western church of attaching the ' title of arohbishop to the rank of metro ' politan, we are of opinion that the revival ' and extension of this custom among our ' selves is justifiable and desirable. It is ' advisable that the proposed adoption of ' such a title should be formally announced ' to the bishops of the various churches and ' provinces of the communion with a view to ' its general reepgnition.' In pursuance of the determination of the general synod, and the 'recognition' givea by the Lambeth Conference, the designation of the Metropolitan of New South Wales is now 'Archbishop of oyuaey. me oyuuu win uuuuncao wiou to express their satisfaction— not that any new dignity or honour has been conferred which did not before belong to his office, but that hisGrace has nowassumed his proper titln. The motion carried by the general synod to establish a bishopric in New Guinea is of far reaching importance. It has since been giveu effect to by the consecration of Canon M. J. Stone- Wigg as missionary bishop in British New Guinea. We hail this forward step with intense thankfulness, the more so as the enterprise of no ordinary difficulty has been committed to the leadership of a man of proved capacity and of whole-hearted devo tion to the work. We are bound to do our utmost to supply him with the sinews of spiritual warfare— namely, prayer and alms giving. THE ANGLICAN COMHUKIOK. It is only possible to make brief reference to our relations with a far wider communion than that geographically limited by the shores of Australia, embracing as it does not only the area of the Bristish Empire, but also* out great sister church of America. Anticipating by thirty-one years the present movement in favour of an Anglo- Saxon alliance, the tim conference of bishops in full communion with the Church of England met at Limbeth in the year 1867. Conferences have since been held ia 1878, 1838, and 1897, and have been marked by increasing numbers, and interest, and unanimity. We are thus bound together by ties of close fellowship with fellow churchmen throughout the world who claim lineage with the Anglo-Saxon race. It is a real pleasure to bear testimony to the keen interest and kin lliness of feeling shown in last year's conference towards the church in the British colonies, as well as the generous recognition of the claims which the daughter churches have upon their mother until they are able to rely upon their own resources. As the daughters grow older they become leBS and less dependent, and disposed to assert and exercise rights which belong inherently to national churches, and which the church at home is prepared ungrudgingly to recognise. The cords which bind us to the Church of England are uot woven by legislative enact ment, civil or ecclesiastical, but by bonds of affection which, it has oeen well sail, ' are not strengthened by tightnuing, but tightened by strengthening.' And, thank God, they are be coming more and more strengthened on our part by reverential loyalty to the spiritual home of our ancestors, and on the other part by a mother's pride and affectionate concern on behalf of her offspring. It was my inten tion to have dwelt much more fully upon the icouiuuuuo pasacuui/ 1 ue unuuetn Vsuuiereace, but time will not permit. May I instead counsel my reverend brethren of the clergy to make much use of the published report in their teaching and preaching, and my breth ren of the laity to obtain and diligently study copies of that report. In almost a single sentence I must record two great losses we have sustained since last we met in synod. The one is that of a missionary bishop called away in the prime of life, but prematurely crippled in his blaster's service ; the other a missionary statesman who at the age of nearly four score years and ten rendered back to God a life ennobled by rate gifts of intellect, and by yet more rare nobility of character and single-hearted devotion to his country and to his God. John Selwyn, formerly Bishop of Melanesia, and William Ewart Gladstone, differing widely in attainment, and age, and vocation, were yet alike in this : They were both men of large and loving hearts, both had a message and a mission to his age in which they lived, and both delivered their message and fulfilled their mission as true God-fearing men and faithful servants of Christ. I have referred to the latter as a missionary states man, and the title is entirely justified by the fact that few men in the nineteenth century have done more to advance the Kingdom of Christ, both at home and in our colonies, than that Eturdy champion of the Christian faith. CHRISTENDOM AT LARGE, Our review would be incomplete if we omitted to extend onr gaze to the wide and still widening empire of Christ throughout the world. It is to this we refer when in our creeds we profess belief in the ' Holy Catholic Church,' and pray ' for the good estate of the Catholic Church.' Alas, that when we take this larger survey, our hearts are saddened by the disunion and discord which prevail. We oannot, as some affect to do, nod any warrant for the belief that a mystical, interior unity may co-exist with aotual dismemberment. On the contrary, we are assured that ' the Divine purpose of ' visible unity amongst Christians is a fact of ' revelation.' It is for this we ought to struggle, and ' pray unceasingly forthe peaoe of Jerusalem.' If there is much to dis hearten U9 there Is etill more to give us oourage and hope. Let me quote a passage from the Lambeth Conference committee's re port upon the subject of church unity, as it well deserves our careful thought :— ' The circumstances of Christendom are ' rapidly producing the condition which is ' antagonistic to separation. The oircum ' stances to which we refer are these : Larger ' and more liberal views of the interpretation ' of Scripture ; movements which enlarge ' and correct men's knowledge of primitive ' church history ; the overthrow tf meta ' physical system* which deprave and dis ' colour the attributes of God ; belief in and ' love of the living, ascended Christ, giving ' earnestness and beauty to Christian wor ' ship ; thought, critical, ethical, aesthetic— ' these things are bringing about the condi ' tion in which uniou will be as natural as ' disunion has been for centuries.' In this renewed spirit of unity we trust that our beloved church will have a targe share. We speak as brothers to these Christian brothers who are separated from us We can assure them that we fail not in love and respect for them. We acknowledge with a full heart the fruits of the Holy Ghost produced by their lives and labours. We remember the fact, so glorious for them, that in evil days they kept up the standard at once of family virtue and of the life hidden with Christ in God. We can never forget that lessons of holiness and love have been written upon un dying pages by members of their communion, and that the lips of many of their teachers have been touched with heavenly fire. We desire to know them better — to join with them in works of charity. We are more than willing to help to prevent needless colli sions or unwise duplication of labour. We know that mai-y among them are praying like many of ourselves, that the time may be near for the fulfilment of our Master's prayer that ' they all may be one.' Surely in the unseen world there is a pulsation of joy among the redeemed ; some mysterious word has gone forth among them that Christ's army still on earth, loug broken into fragments by bitter dissensions, is stirred by a divine impulse to regain the loving brotherhood of the church's youth. May we Iibour on in the deathless hope that-, while io the past unity without truth has been destructive, and truth without unity feeble, now iu our day truth and unity combined may be strong euough to subdue the world to Christ ; and the muse of the church's history may no longer be hate but love. May he grant us (in Bishop Jeremy Taylor's words) 'uniting principles, recon ' ciled hearts, and an external communion in ' His own good season.*' CONCLUSION. My brethren and ' fellow-workers into the kingdom of God,' in drawing to a conclusion this brief and imperfect review of our obli gations, and aims, and hope 3, not only as they appertain to our immediate interests, but as they reach out beyond our own diocese and communion, let me provoke you to heartfelt gratitude for what God has already done for u% and to renewed and more prayerful endeavour to wrest from His bounty a yet larger blessing. On the cue h -nd let us not be so regardless of our short comings that we yield to the fatal error of self-complacency ; nor, on the other hand, permit feelings of despondency unconsciously to distort facts and magnify deficiencies, lest we lose heart Perhaps a word of cauiiou is not unseeded by those clergy who hive recently joined our rank* : let them not bo too ready to condemn and fiud fault with the present condition of church wmk iu this colony and draw unfntr nnmniriann liptroppn it unrl iV-»- more privileged church at home. Let them remember that it is largely due t - lack of home support that we have not done more ; and that the mother church ia only just waking up to her responsibilities. Consider ing pist neglect aud poverty of means, we have reason to be thankful that so much has been accomplished, and for the future let us, in reliance upon God and our own resolute will, strive to make our surroundings, if not tne west they ought to be, at any rate better than we found them. ' What the world demands Is faith coercive of the multitude.'1 Be it ours by persistent loyalty to our Master, by the simple rhetoric of -holy living, by patient continuance in well-doing, by brave hopefulness and large charity, to trans late the lofty ideal of Christian faith into the true reality of Christian life. So shall we, by the Grace of God, fulfil the apostolic admonition, 'Let your mauner of life be ' worthy of the Gospel of Christ, , . . that 11 ye stand fast in one spirit, with one soul, ' striving for the faith of the Gospel.' So shall we beBt promote the true end for which we meet in synod, and for which this diocese was founded. The second ecBsion of the thjrd synod of the Anglican diocese of Rockhatnpton, was con tinued on Wednesday^ the schoolroom of St. Paul's Cathedral. There were present :— The Right Rev. Bishop Dawes (President), the Rev. Canon Richards, the Rev. Canon Parker, the Rev. Messrs. F. J. Abe, C. E. Curtis, T. J. Chapman, A. N. Garrett, J. Hunt, G. D. Halford, M. T. Hainsse'.in, A. H. Julius, and A. Perry ; and Messrs. J . A. Briggs, W. P. Foley, G. J. Lever, H. Mills, G. Potts, senr., W. Spier, F. H. B. Turner, J. C. Tyler, and H. Woodd. ELECTION OF 8ECRKTAEIES. The Rev. Canon R-chards was elected clerical and Mr. W. Spier lay secretary. PRESIDENTS ADDRESS. The President delivered his opening address. He said : My reverend brethren, and brethren of the laity,— It appertains to my office as president of synod to bring before you suoh matters as relate to the administration of the diooese, and first of all to lay upon the table of this house the following official papers :— The minutes of the Diocesan Council; detailed reports of the state of each parish and dis trust, together with financial returm accom panying those reports. The Pioouan Council's report, the diocesan ''acoounts, and the report of the Board of Missions will be pre- seated in due course. CLERGY. Although only six months have elapsed since the last session of synod, yet during that period there have been some important changes in our staff of clergy. At the close of last year the Rev. H. M. Shutttewood, rector of Gladstone, was compelled, under stringent medical order, to resign his cure and to seek change of scene and climate in the old country. He joined us in 1895 after gaining valuable experience during seven years' earnest work in the Brisbane diocese, and his loss is one that both the parish and diocese have reason to deplore. His work at Gladstone will long be held in grateful remembrance ; the more so as linked with the name of Mrs. Shuttlewood, who had endeared herself to all, and who, alas, too early called away from her earthly home, has left behind a singularly bright example of Christian life and usefulness. It is not improbable that Mr. Shuttlewood will return to the diocese when his health has been fully restored. A new rector has not yet been appointed, but meanwhile the Rev. H. Edwards is in tem- porary charge. The Rev. G. L. Wallace, M.A., who, since 1892, has been rector of Clermont, and previous to that had served three years at Mount Morgan and Brisbane, resigned his benefice in January last. He carries away with him the goodwill of those among whom he laboured, and I desire to add my testimony to those of others in regard to the high sense of Christian duty which in- spired his work, and to the unflagging energy he threw into it. It must in fairness be added that the parish of Clermont has cause for grateful remembrance in the loving labours of Mrs. Wallace. The vacancy created at Clermont has been filled by the appointment of the Rev. C. E. Curtis, B.A., who comes to us with qualifications which give promise of much useful service. By birth a colonial, educated at Cambridge, and with the advantage of four years' ex- perience in a well-worked London parish, I doubt not that his missionary zeal will find full scope and fruitful exercise in the impor- tant charge with which he has been entrusted. The Rev. R. A. Bryant, who, as assistant curate of the parish of Springsure, had done diligent service at Emerald and townships on the railway line during two years, has accepted work in the diocese of Adelaide, and left us in March last. Another loss I reluctantly record. We are about to say farewell to Canon Richards, vicar of the cathedral. During his seven years of earnest work in Rockhampton he has won the respect, and I may add the affection, of all who at all intimately know him, both within and without the limits of our own communion. His patient, single- hearted devotion to the spiritual and social well-being of his parish is too generally known and acknowledged to call for reference, but I am sure that the members of this synod would desire me to thank him in their name for the valuable services he has rendered to the diocese as hon. secre- tary and registrar, and in other capacities. It is doubtless largely due to his business like habits, his loyally not only to myself but to the synod, and, above all, his kindly disposition and consideration towards all, that has made our diocesan administration run so smoothly. For reasons of his own, but which I quite ap- preciate, the colonial church is losing him for a while in order that, after some years of ex- hausting labour, he may gain mental and spiritual refreshment in the old country and return, Deo volante, yet more fully equipped for his Master's service. Our affectionate regard and earnest prayers will, I feel sure, go with him. It has been, I need hardly say, a most anxious and difficult task to find one willing and qualified to fill the vacancy that will be thus created. The responsibility of choice which the synod has devolved upon me has been discharged, if not efficiently, at any rate, with most painstaking and prayerful diligence, and I feel confident that time will fully justify the appointment that has been made. The Rev. Thomas Brownbill Parker, M.A., vicar-designate of the cathedral church of St. Paul, is happily with us to-day, and, in your name, I bid him a most hearty welcome as a member of synod. He holds my license to officiate in the diocese, and, pursuant to the provisions contained in the Honorary Canons Canon, I have appointed him an honorary canon of the cathedral, and propose to institute him to the benefice on St. Barnabas Day. Mr. Parker, who graduated in honours at the University of Oxford, has had the advantage of valuable experience first in a large parish in Liverpool as the co- adjutor of the present Dean of Ely, and since then as vicar of the parish of Whitfield, Brackley. I could quote largely from testi- mony received from many quarters as to his ability and worth; but he would, I know, prefer that we should follow a good colonial custom of testing such qualities for ourselves rather than in relying upon the judgment of others. If you will extend to him the same kindly goodwill with which you are wont to greet those coming to you from the mother church at home, he will have no reason to feel estrangement in a new land, nor you to regret his coming. I have to report that the Rev. Alexander Perry was on Sunday last admitted to the priesthood. LAY READERS. The following lay readers now hold my license on the recommendation of their respective clergy :— Thomas Rooksby, Bus- tard Head ; W. Percy Foley, North Rock- hampton ; J. Lennon Denne, Springsure ; Thomas Friend, Gladstone; W. H. Mills, Clermont; William Phillips, North Rock- hampton ; Edward Marlay, Aramac ; C. de Vere Bell, Blackall ; James Cornwell, Glad- stone. CHURCH EXTENSION. No new churches have been completed since the last meeting of synod ; but some are in course of erection, and will soon be opened for worship at Alpha, Ilfracombe, St. Law- renoe, and Mount Hedlow. Two others are projected At Barcaldine and Winton. * CONFIBMATIONS AND VISITATION. The following is a list of those confirmed during the past six months :— ifales. Females. Total. Rockharapton, St. Paul's.. ..13 89 6J Clertnont. All 8olnto' .. ..6 14 1) SprinRSure, St Peter's .* .. i 7 11 „ Emerald .... 1 0 10 Longreach, St. Andrew's .. ..4 7 11 Muttaburra ? 11 11 Bowen Downs .. .... 2 2 Aramao, St George's .. .. II 11 Ilfracombe ? 6 6 Gladstone, St. Saviour's .. ..11 16 27 Mount Morgan, St. Mary's ..5 16 21 43 *133 lil ? During the tame period I have visited Gladstone, Clerfnont, Peak Downs, Long reach (twice), Mount Morgan, Gladstone, Barcaldine, Dunraven, Strathdarr. 'J ally rand, Darr River Downs, Greenhills, Kentiug ton Downs, Muttaburra, Bowen Downs, Araraac, Rodney Downs, Beaconsfield, Ilfra combe, Emerald, and springsure. CONCLUSION. I cannot conclude without very warmly thanking all the officers of synod and members of the DioceBan Council for the valuable and ungrudging labour they have devoted to the affairs of the diocese, and the many friends at distant townehips and stations for the many acts of kindness and lavish hospitality I have received at their hands. On the motion of Mr. Woodd, seconded by Mr. Turner, the President was thanked for his address, and requested to allow it to be printed in the records. DIOCESAN COUNCIL'S REPORT. The Clerical Secretary presented the fol lowing report by the Diocesan Council :— The Diocesan Council present to the synod the following report of their proceeding* since the 15th of December, 1897. They _ have met for business on seven occasions. V The resignation of Mr. J. R. Crane, owing to his removal from Rockhampton, was received. The Financial Board, pursuant to resolution of synod, having reported to the council upon the condition of the bishopric sustenta tion fund, the council submitted the following proposal to the bishop, which received his lordship's concurrence :— That for the year ending the 31st of March, 1899, the bishop receive from tne btsnopric sustencatton tuna the minimum sum of £50 per month on account, and that any moneys received from subscriptions, offertories,,. Ac , in excess of £600 to be paid over to the bishop, provided that the total sum shall not exceed the amount guaran teed , namely —£750. The council regret that, after long and careful consideration, they had no alternative but to submit to the bishop the foregoing proposal ; and they desire to express an earnest hope that the diocese will make a resolute effort to supplement the inadequate income derived from endowment, as well as to discharge ths debt on the fund, which now amounts to £837 4s. 6d. A suitable offer to purchase a portion of the property in Mouth Brisbane belonging to the see endowment fund having been received, the council accepted the same, and the eale has been completed. The council acknow ledge with thanks a further grant of £500 from the S.P.G. towards the endowment of the see. The unappropriated balance of the moneys collected by the bishop in England— namely, £78 17a. lid., has been devoted by the council towards defraying the cost of certain needful repairs to the see house. The council have applied the amount standing to the credit of the general fund at the end of the financial year— namely, £29 15j. Id., to the bishopric sustenation fund. B.P.O. FUND. Towards Stipend Funi— St. Lawrence .. £:o 0 0 „ ;, Blackall' .. .. 10 0 0 „ „ Westwood .. .. 10 0 0 (l „ mount ?jorgun .. iu u u ;, ,, Western Dist. Mission 10 0 0 „ „ Spring8ure .. .. 10 0 0 Purchase of site St. Lawrence (ad ditional) .. .. „ ..125 HOME MISSION FUND. Towards travelling expenses of clergymen to Longreach ? 8 0 0 „ Stipend Fund, Mount Morgan ... 12 0 0 The Church Gazette haB been registered t»t 'the Supreme Court in the name of the cji poration of the synod as proprietors, and the other conditions required by Act of Parlia ment fulfilled. On the motion of Mr. Tylbb, seconded by Canoa Richards, the report was adopted. DIOCESAN ACCOUNTS. The Hon. Treasurer (Mr. Woodd) pre sented the statement of the diocesan accounts. The statement was very lengthy, giving the -^receipts and payments of all the various accounts in detail. The following in a statement of the total receipts and expenditure on current account of all the various accounts of the diocese :— EKCEIPTB. £ 8. d. £ 8. d. Bishopric sustentulion fund .. 663 111 Management fund ? 129 14 2 Home mission tund .. ..1217 14 5 Stipends paid through diocesan registry— North coast mission 80 0 0 Western district mission :. 244 11 0 Diocesan board of missions . . 60 14 . 7 Church society ? it 12 0 General fund ? 24 15 1 ?' Church Gazette ' account ..-??'KB '18 8 8.PG. aooount ? 151 2 0 Book Depot aocount .. m 0)11 8 WinUm Church building fund .. 10 0 ? 276! 11 1 Balance ...... 935 1 4 £3717 12 6 EXFRKDITORR, . Balance ? 644 18 7 Bishopric suetentation fund .. 8tO 1 2 Manasrement fund ? 120 18 fl Home mission fund ? 1470 17 8 Stipend* paid through diocesan registry— North coast mission.. 0) 0 0 Western dlstnot mission.. .. 266 12 0 Diocesan board of missions .. 43 14 7 Church society ? 3 14 0 General fund ? 29 15 1 'Church Oatetie' account .. 139 17 1 8.P.G. account ? 164 2 O Book depot aocount .. .. 67 C 2 Emu Park loan acoount .. .. 10 0 . i 3172 18 10 £3717 IS 6 The following is a statement of the ledger balances of the various current accounts :— Da. BALANCES £ 8 d By BUhoprio sustentation fund .. .. 8*8 8 2 Home mission fund ? 212 9 6 -Hjjiu Park loan account ? 15 5 8 £1001 3 4 ,' ca. BALANCES By Management fund .. .£34 14 10 North coast mission fund .. 5 0 0 I»i cesin board of missions .. 2 0 0 Church society ? 46 10 19 '? Church Gazette' acoount.. 20 3 8 Winton Church building fund 116 7 Book Depot account . . . 11 ? £126 2 0 Balance overdrawn at bank ? 065 1 4 — £1091 3 4 The following is a statement of the different capital accounts : — Dr. See Endowment Fund— £ s. d. £ s. d. Balance ..£11,458 11 9 tvebv - v i j fr'm Bison's Estate .. 80 9 4 £U,4S9 1 1 Lees calls paid on Q D bk. shares 13 15 0 ? 11,475 0 1 Received per the Bishop 150 0 0 Received from S PC K 200 0 0 Received fr'm Geo. Tuson 25 0 0 Received fr'm S.P.O. .. 600 0 0 ? 875 0 0 ? 12,850 6 1 See House Account— Received per the Bishop ? 150 0 0 See House Account suspense Account Received per the Bishop ? 73 18 0 St. Paul's Sunday School Balance ? 642 1* 7 Dividends £1S 2 0 Interest ~ 2 7 2 ? 50 9 8 ? 033 4 3 Girls' Friendly S:ciety Lodge Building Fund Balance ? 21C 10 1 Dividend .. £3 8 6 Interest .. 0 13 5 ? C 1 11 ? 216 12 0 £13,43} 0 4 UR. By See Endowment Fund Invested on morijrajres .. 8,229 4 0 Invested in see house .. 2,121 9 11 Bison's property .. .. 6n7 12 0 Balance ? 1,231 I) 8 ? 12,350 6 1 Sen House Account — Improvement see house .. 150 0 0 See house account suspense account (balance) .. .. 78 18 0 St. Paul's Sund\y School Building; Fund— Iuvested in Mount Morgan shires ? 634 7 6 BalanCe ? _±JL! m 4 « Girls' Friendly Society Lodge Building Fund— v Invested in fjas shares ?? 197 0 0 Balance ? 19 12 0 ? 210 12 0 £13,18!) 0 4 The following is a statement of the ledger balances of the different capital accounts :*? DR. To balance at Bank of Australasia .. ..£1489 6 5 £ 430 6 6 ca, £ p. d- £ s d. By See endowment fund .. 1331 j9 8 See house account suspense account ? 78 18 0 St. Paul's Sunday School huildintr f.ind .. .. 63 10 9 Girls' Friendly Society Lodge building fund .. .. 19 12 0 ? 14S9 6 6 £1489 6 6 The following synopsis was presented of moneys already received and appropriated in connection with tho Bishop's visit to Eng land :— RECEIPTS. 1806-97— Total received as per printed statement ..£2654 7 7 1898 Brant from 8. P.O., see endowment .. .. 600 0 0 „ „ premium ? 2 10 0 Half proceeds sale of work, Church House, Westminster ? 20 0 0 Grant from S.P.C.K., school at Lonjjreacb 80 0 0 £8!W 17 7 KXPENDITURB. See endowment— per the Trea surer .. .. ?? £550 0 0 Seeendowment-pertheBiehop 1978 17 11 ? .52528 17 11 dome Mission Fund— North Coast Mission.. .. £30 0 O Passages of clergy, and loans foroutfit ? Ml 14 0 Office expenses, London .. 41 13 4 Mission chaplain, Clermonfc . 83 6 8 Special for St. Andrew's House, Longreach . ..253 15' 8 ? C25 9 8 Sp;cial for school, Lonjj reach . 88 0 0 Special for private chapel, see house .. .. 40 0 0 Bishopric sustentation fund 2 10 0 General fund ? 10 0 0 £3286 17 7 In addition to the above there are promised subscriptions and conditional grants from English societies, which, when available, will benefit the diocese to the extent of £3000. On the motion of Mr. Woodd, seconded by Mr. Turner, the statement of the various diocesan accounts was adop'ied. DIOCESAS BOARD OF MPiSIONS ' REPORT. The Clerical Secretary presented the fol lowing report by the Diocesan Board of Missions : — The Diocesan Board of Missions are happy to report a marked improvement in practical interest in the work of preaching the gospel to the heathen races. The total receipts for 1893-7 were £ 30 JBs., af» follows :— Offertories, £16 12a. 4d.; subscriptions, £13 15j. 81. The total receipts for the year last past were €50 Us. 7d.. as follows :— Offertories, £24 19s. Id.; subscriptions, £25 Ids. 6d., being an increase of £20 6s., 'consisting of offertories, £8 6s. 9J.; and subscriptions, £11 19 1. 10J. The before-mectioh-:d increase in subscrip tions is due almost wntirely to the efforts of the Misses Dawes, who raised £11 by means of a children's sale of worlc in aid of the Corean Mission. It has hitherto been the rule of the Diooesan Board to send all moneys collected in the fliocese to the Aub tralian Board in Sydney jor distribution Xq the several missions, but they cannot with any confidence recommend a continuance of this practice. In the year 1895-96. the Hoird remitted to Sydney £13 16s. Id. in aid of the Melanesian Mission, but they regret to learn that only £6 2*. 61. has been received by the treasurer of that mission. In the same year also the snm of 17*. 6J. sent to the A.U.M. for the general fund has apparently been wrongly paid by the A. B. M. to the Melauesian fund. The errors above stated is the more regrettable, inasmuch as part of the sum pre sumably wrongly appropriated was a portion of the amount guarantee! by St. Paul's towards the maintenance of a scholar at Nor folk Island. The Board therefore recommend that the A.B.M. be requested to transfer tho amounts thus wrongly credited to the proper accounts. The B--ard arc pi ad to hear that the New- (Juinea mission has been handed over to the chat g t of Biehop Sronc-Wigg free of debt by the A. B. M., and that the amount needed for the extension of the work at Col lingwood Bay has been collected. On the motion of Canon Richards, seconded l-y Mr. Tyler, the report was adopted. DIOCESAN BOOK DEPOT COMMITTEE'S RErORT. The Clerical Secretary presented the fol lowiDg report by the Diocesan Book D.'jjot Committee: — The Diocesan Book Depot Committee are pleased to report that while the present is admittedly a day of small thincs, our business is perceptibly growing. The sales during the year 1696-07 amounted to £42 4s. 6d., whereas those for the past year realised £64 17s 8J., being an increase of £24 13s. 21. The committee consider that in view oi a coral aosecce or capital wnere with to bogia operations, and the fact that it is difficult to obtaiu prompt payment for goods sold, the above results arc not unsatisfactory. The depot ia not at present in a position to hoM stock for which there is rut an im mediate sale, and the committee would be glad if customers would acquaint the secretary of the sort of literature which they really need, and are willing to purchase. The committee acknowledge the kindness of Mr. W. Spier in assisting the secretary to put the books and accounts of the def ut upon a systematic bunoess-lilte footing. They have pleasure in stating that the financial position of tlie depot is a solvent one. The loan ob lained from the Church Society has been repaid, and the assets amount to £59 2a. Id. as follows :— Stock in hund, £2S 5s 41.; fur niture, £4 155.; grant of books fromS.P.C.K., £25 ; good debts, £1 0s. 81.; amount in hand. Is. Id. The li.bili ies arc nil. Tho S. P.C.K. lantern and slides have been lent to one parish with good result4, and the committee invite the clergy to avail themselves more fully of this useful means of diistminat ng knowledge. On the motion of Canon Richards, s-»condfi-l by Cauon Parker, the report was adopted. NEW CANON*. A new canou was presented to accept made at its session held in 1898. Tii^se determinations were to amend the rules for the confirmation and consecration of bishops ; to provide rules for appointing bishops coad jutor ; to provide for the investigation and valuation of the funds, securities, and pro perties forming any bishopric endowment previously to the election of a bishop ; and to provide resolutions for conferring the title of archbishop on the metropolitans of eccle siastical provinces in Australia and Tasmania On the motion of Mr. Tyl-R, seconded by Mr. Julics, tho standing or 'er was sus pended in order to permit the canon to \\-e passed at that sitting ; and on the motion of Mr. Julius, seconded by Canon Richards, the canon was passed. GENERAL BUSINESS On the motion of Mr. Tyler, seconded by Canon Richards, the synod was appointed to act as the diocesan council for the year. The Rev. Canon Parker, the Rev. Mr. ?Julius, and Mr. Lever were appointed diocesan nominators on tho presentation board. Messrs. Spier and R. Foulkes were ap pointed auditors for the ensuing year. Canon Parker and Mcfsrs. Spier and Mills were appointed the board of minions. Canon Parker, and Messrs. Julius nnd Briggs were appointed the Book Derot Committee. Canon Parker, on! Messrs. llalforJ, Julius, Hunt, Curtis, Farbrother, Spier, Turner. Woodd, Tyler, and Foulk»s were appointed assessors. Canon Parker and Messrs. Julius, Halford, Woodd, and Lever were appointed commis sioners under the Benefice Avoidance Canon. On the motion of Mr. Tyler, seconded by Mr. Briggs, the Board of Missions was instructed to hold any further moneys col lected f-»r the Australian Board of Missions until the errors mentioned in the report of the board were corrected. DEPARTURE OF CANON RICHARDS. Mr. Lever said it would not be out of place to put on record their thorough appre ciation of the services rendered to them by Canon Richards, who had always given very great assistance to the^ynod, and had kept the records of the diocese very accurately. Mr. Mills expressed his sincere and best wishes' for Canon Richards wherever he went, and as the oldest member of (he congregation of St. Paul'd present, he assured him that he appreciated very highly the services rendered by Canon Richards rfnee the founding of the diocese. The. President eulogised the work of VsaUUU IfclUIIttLUn, 1H#I/ VUIV IU tllO £fl»LIO[l, tJIMV also in the dioceses. Canon Richards heartily thanked the synod for its Icindly expressions, and was glad to know that his labours bad been of asrvice. V0TE3 OF. THANKS. A vote of thanks was passed to the ladies who had provided tea for the members of the synod ; and to the press for reporting the proceedings of the synod. Thi» completed the business. 