THEY DM'T GET A JOB. We ntrollcd along Macquarlc-fttrcet, to enno ' the tlrao away, And puBsliiK by tho House ot Talk, wo paused the other day. A fun'ral nlr, and air of gloom hung o er that famous plnco, And BomclhliiB and and full of Krlef around wo Boemcd to trace. Wo mot M'Gowen, the great M'Gowon, tho man of utool and Jaw, Aud In hla eye, hlo lion eyo, deep down a world of woe wo saw. And Jim M'Oowen, tho ritout M'Gowen, in solemn pathos stalked, And then wo struck a rennon why tho ghost— tho chost it hud uot wnlkod. Tor .Urn wns still a I.abor man. though friends did Just aver, That he would very shortly bo a full-blown Minister; And well wo know that James had naid: 'The Party might iiccuro Tho lob nnd porks It they desired —they didn't like— wo'ro sure! Then llttlo Hnwtlsorno next wo spied, grief dulver on his lip; 'Twiui poor return for nil hln graft, his toll as party whip. To bo upset, to bn chucked out, and novor net ft chauco: Oh! there wan Ire, foreboding Ire, In Haw thorno'u angry glance. And.Jako (Jarrurd. ho looked so Blum, moro glum than o'er beforo; He had not found that safe retreat upon the Coujicll floor; He had. not got another chance, and curtly nworo with pith, To form nn outnldo party soon, along with Svdnev Bmlth. And In tho rnnlca— the Frcetrndo ranku— wo spotted hero and there A face long- drawn, an anijry phiz, and ono with trace or care; And well It. told Its patent lule, a guinea to a bob, The owner of tho face had hopml— but didn't get tho Job. 'Tls nlco to servo ono'n bleeding lnud at centuries a year; ?Tin nice to rlso from navvy, nay, to portly Minister; To havo the chance on well- paid pluco for nomo dear friend to lob, And llx him up for lire, you know, in llovernmontal' job. 'Tls nice to sit la Cabinet and exeiclso your power, And then to rtlnn nt (lov'ment 'Oiimc— Oh! glad nnd shining hour; 'TIh nlco to travel hero mid there, and havo tho people meet You with a nlco nddremi, by Jove! nnd iiomothlni; guild to cat. 'Tin nlco to open mines and Hchools, and iicntenccs remit, 'Tls grand to bo a Minister, and get the good c.f It. Uut, oh! how hard on any blolto thenn blcnslng.i to expeel, . And then to find tho said fnml hopo-i prove vnlii niul Incorrect. : wiiul wondrr If tho heart howcil down with anger and regret, Should tihuliili IhiiUKhlu iiT lid rov.'iigi), a:i henrta will do, you bet; What wondor ir some fuiuvo duy this cherished thought should rob, On nomo division planned, thn uerowii of those who |',ol llin Job? 'I'l'i nlen to be a Mlniutor when parly In sicure, nut when It ain't, we almo.it think we'd like a Joli more suro; I'or lr they lone, you lose n lot, anil 'tis n crrnil tblii^, To bo a king for. m-.y, a iimiith, and then — not nnytblnc. — l'TIIJiJ OWIi.' 