THE RIDE OF O'MALLEY. [A. poem for recitation.] O cool are now the southern winds That blow from off the ocean,, And calmly the Protector floats Without the slightest motion. * * * ■ ' * Serene within a city room Sits sunny KiDg O'Malley, His thoughts away from politick, He dreams of Hindmarsh Valley, * Of pretty women by the score, Who dally with him daii-y, And listen to bis florid Speech, And mix him lemon kali. Hark ! what is that? A telegram ? "Boy, what's to pay? A shilling ? Come, give it me, mayhap the Queen To knight the King is willing. Her Majesty may take the bribe To one who con fnoco, Will pin it to his coat lapel Like Mr. Justice Boucaut! What's this? From Victor Harbor, and It's only signed ' Elector,' * Come quick,' he says, ' for Charlie T. Is here in the Protector.' Now, by the gods, this knavish trick Dees make my forehead pucker; What ho ! my bicycle at once, I'm after Charlie Tucker." * * * * That afternoon the setting sun, Calm in his great perfection, Was roused to quite an ugly blush At sight of a reflection. Twas only King O'Malley's bead That thus the air was firing; And on his steed of steel the King Was visibly perspiring. And as he sweated, words like these Were softly palpitating, " I'll Tucker him when I begin American orating, I'll fling my adjectives about, As in the House I used ter, And call this interloping phap .. A broken-winded rooster." * * * * Just then the Tapley's Hill ascent O'Malley's lungs was airing, And for a moment he could see His wind required repairing. And so from eloquence refrained, A respite thus affording To countless spirits who rejoiced In quite a mild applauding. * * * * And on and on O'Malley went, His steering quite erratic, And as he bumped on stones he used Some words undemocratic; And when a puncture found him out Some distance from Wiilunga Tne language that the King employed Was like a cos ter monger ! The puncture righted, on he flew, Bill Martin emulating, And at each revolution he Was loud expostulating. Past wayside cottages be ran, And children safe in hiding Confided to their mothers that A red-haired ghost was riding ! And Yankee phrases filled the air Like "Snakes" and eke "Tarnation," And other words I can't repeat To risk my soul's salvation. The night was dying, and the tftars Could only feebly flicker ; The King was also dying—yes, Just dying for a liquor. A sodawater or a gin Ger-beer, or e'en plain water, But " drunkeries " alas ! were closed, Or if not, why, they oughter. And so when slowly rose the sun, And Victor Harbor gleaming Beneath bis eyes, be saw with grief Our wafship fUr off steaming. " Lost! Lost!" he cried, " he's done the trick, And fruitless is my outing, For how can I hope to compete 'Gainst Tucker's warlike touting V ★ * * * They picked him up, as limp as rag, Oh stretcher ('twas afar made), They carried him into the town And took him to the barmaid ! Mosquito. 