GALLERY SKETCHES. AMONG THE MBMBKBfl, By rmuRiEx*. I "Ithurfel with Ms spear touched llgUtl?." I There can be 110 doubt that the gambling spirit is rife if the interest displayed in the Totaluator Bill can bp accepted aa an in dex. Parliament has not seen such a tor rent of petitions since the Government pro posed its ill- fated Land Bill. The rales had to be relaxed so that one member could present half-a-dozen or more in a batch, in stead of separately, as heretofore. To use an appropriate racing simile, the churches made the pace very hot at first, but they could not last, and the country racing clubs and turf speculators came with a rush in the last furlong, and won hands down. The gambling difficulty is just the one where the experience of the man of the world ought to come to the aid of the legislature. "Learn earth first, ere you presume To teacli Heaven legislation, saj's Browning. Both Mr. Murray and Mr. Haucoclc may be assumed to have complied with this precept. But the teachings of "the dirty nurse experience" are given diverse interpretations by these apt scholars. Who shall decide when doctors disagree? is what members ask. Nor does the name test which Mr. Mnrray applied help much. Supposing it be true that all the Josephs, from Joseph of Canaan to Joseph of Ballarat, are goody-goody, and that the refrain "Ob, dear no; Not for Joe." expresses the popular belief in Joe's in vulnerability to the arrows of temptation, yet the "Jacks" to whom Mr. Murray ap pealed are divided. John Murray cries, "Vote for the totalizator, and save the youth of the country," whilst John Han cock vociferates, "Down with the totalisator and the gambling spirit." Though Mr. Hancock holds himself up as a shocking example of 40 years of "punt ing" (whatever that may be), he has the reputation amongst members of being very successful in his moderate speculations. The boy at Todgers's complained that "every rise in perwisions is wisited on me," and it is alleged that members can tell by the de meanour of the lion- member for Footscray in the evening bow he has fared during the day. If he is genial, expansive, ami op timistic in his tone-inclined to regard Mr. Staughton as his long-lost brother, and to believe that even Mr. Trenwith is not so black as he is painted-members say, "He has spotted a winner at a long price." But if he is gloomy and irritable, attacks the Premier, and even expresses doubts about the single-mindedness and public spirit of the Attorney-General, they shake their heads and say, "Hard lines. Beaten by a short head." Seeing that the periods of Haneockian depression are as rare as clouds in summer, the inference is that fortune rarely frowna upon the jovial member. The alliance between the Ring and the ^ estry is no doubt a curious one, but it is powerful, and will prevaiL Once Mr. Murray got his bill through the Assembly, and it was rejected in another place-vir tually kicked out. Next time it came up the Assembly reversed its decision, and Mr. Hancock thanked God that we had an Upjjer House. The measure is not likely to reach the Upper House again. To post pone it till the 9th of November-a public holiday-is a virtual acknowledgment of defeat. When the division is taken-if it gets to a division-there will be joy in the house of the Josephs, and Mr. Alfred Josephs, the Rev. Joseph Nicholson, and Mr. Joseph Kirton wiil rejoice together with such seemly and chastened manifesta tions as becomes the name they bear. That fortuitous concourse of atoms which dors duty as Her. Majesty's Opposition has displayed its utter want of coherence this week". Mr. Irvine's action on the federa tion question was taken without any con sultation with the leaders. When. members rose impulsively to support the claim for a discussion, that practised tactician, Mr. Gillies, sat still, aud looked unutterable things. The Premier had the disorganised guerilla band quite at his mercy, and it gave him the opportunity for a very safe demonstration of power. An effective attack cannot be made by a speaker who leans over the table and ad dresses a scries of queries ia on undertone to a complacent Treasurer on the other side. Sir John certainly did not ris&rfo; the occasion. When Mr. HJggins con eluded, members said "That speech should have been made by the leader of the Opposi tion." Certainly Sir George Turnfr acknowledged by bis interest where the real attack came from. Prob ably the chief sting lay in the fact that Sir George agrees with bis critic and is not a convert to his own newly adopted "bold" and "forward" policy. He winced visibly when bis own prudential maxims were returned upon himself. "Keen were his pangs, but keener fir to feci. Be nursed <ho pinion which Impelled the ateeL Though his attack wtis vigorous and ap parently effective for the moment, there is no doubt that Mr. Iliggina is, as Lord Salisbury would say,"Putting bis money on the wrong horse." Economy, as Mr. Hhn cock would tell him, hasn't a ghost of. a show. Enterprise, late Extravagance, the favourite^ can give him Weight and lose him. To ch ange the simile, yon can tell which way the political curre.it is flowing when you see in which direction the Pteraier is drifting. It is never bis policy to awim stream. If the Honse had not been pre pared for a "bold" policy, Sir George would not have proposed it. - , The Council has postponed the consider* tion of its constitutional problems until after the elections. Two courses were open. To huriy-oa the discussion as the Government desired, in order that members might be punished by their constituents if they went wrong, or to let the retiring members go to their provinesa to ascertain the state of public opinion and come bade prepared to §ive effect to it. Madame de Stael relates that when Napoleon curtly said to the widow of Condorcet, "Madame, I don't like women to meddle in politics," she replied, "In a country where it is the custom to cut off the heads of women it is natural they should wish to know tb« reason why." If the women of tha provinces feel that they are so vitally in* terested in the suffrage, now is their chanea to make their wishes effectively known. Whilst the venerable candidate is kissing the baby, the mother may prefer her re quest for a vote. There are 48 members of the Council, and therefore 25 votes are required to give the absolute majority necessary for any bill which alters the constitution. Four members are absent from the colony, so that out of the 44 -votes available the Plural Voting Abolition Bill and the Wo men's Suffrage Bill most get a majority of at least 25 to 19 to pass. Some of the absent members may now return before the decision is arrived at, and this will be another advantage of delay. 