THE LONG R)OD POLE. The facts here related took place in the northwestern part of Maine about the year 1886, and although I was at that time very young, indeed a mere child, yet the peculiar character of the cironm stances, the neighborhood excitement and the sad consequences which followed made an impression upon my mind that seems as fresh today as It did more than 0O years ago. A few miles from my father's old farm there lived two well to do farmers whom we will call John and Calvin. They were related by way of marriage and were once great friends, but at the time my story commences they were most Inveterate en emies. Their farms lay side by side on the county road, some few miles from the Androscoggin river. For many years they ant their hay in silence, each one mowing down to the dividing line with the prool sion of a mastermeehanio. Each owned a hundred rods, and through a part of the meadow ran a brook, which, like most meadow brooks, was very crooked. Now, John thought it would be an ex cellent plan to ditch his 100 rods, making the brook straight, and thereby saving much land and making his field more convenient and productive. So he con tracted with a man named Redman to dig 100 rods of ditch at $1 per rod, beginning at the lower line of his farm and follow ing down the stream to Calvin's line. Redman came, and with his two grown up boys he went merrily to work and John made him a rod pole for the occa sel?; but, being of a treacherous disposi tion, he made the measure a dozen inches longer than usual, that he might get a good return. In this he did not fall Redman worked diligently for some days. Calvin was interested in the opera tion and carefully watched the proceed ings, often asking Redman how many rods he had accomplished and always get ting an honest reply. One day, as he leaned upon his scythe, he called: "I say, Rodman, how many rods have you got along?" "Eighty." "Eightyl Well, you're getting along fast." Now, Calvin saw at once that he was far too near his line for 80 rods, and, musing upon the circumstances, he decided thofe must be a mistake. Knowing John so well, he began to suspect, as he considered the subject further, that John might be trying to defraud Redman, so dropping his scythe and crossing the line he sat down near the rod pole and took off his hat to cool and rest himself "I say, Redman, this is hot weather." "Yes." While so sitting he took occasion to measure the polo which John had made, and to his delight he found it was just one foot too long. Now, here was fun for Cal vin. Hero was a chance to plague his en emy. Did he go and tell Redman? No, not he. He laughed quietly in his sleeve and waited for Redman to finish his work. This was done, and the honest digger pre sented to John his bill for $100, received his money and went his way. Very soon after this was accomplished Calvin discovered, to his great surprise, and Indignation, of course, that some one had been trespassing on his meadow by digging a ditch about 100 feet long near the line which separated his land from John's. Sending to John, he demanded if that ditch was dug by his authority. John, not suspecting any trouble, replied that it was. Receiving this answer, Cal vin at once started for the town and laid his case before the village lawyer, who at once saw that John had committed a great wrong, known to the law as willfully trespassing on the land of a neighbor. A writ was accordingly made out, and the deputy sheriff of the county, so mush dreaded in those times, soon made his ap pearance before John, attached his proper ty for the damage done to Calvin's land and summoned him to appear and show cause John was astonished. He visited the field and saw at a glance thab the ditch was far over theline, and now for the first time the awful thought flashed upon him that In making his rod pole one foot too long he had actuallydug 100feet Into Cal vin's land. He stood aghast and then hastened to find the rod pole that he might destroy the proof of his guilt, but it was not to be found. He could not un derstand where it had gone, but when he appeared in court there that ghost of a rod polo met his astonished view. How it came there none but Calvin knew, and he was silent. The case was soon tried, and a verdict of guilty was rendered, with nominal damage and cost of court. This, with the advantage of his enemy and the withering rebuke of the lawyers, was a terrible retribution for poor John. But more was yet in store. Redman saw, by the evidence at court, that he had been cheated out of 100 feet of ditch no. ally dug, so he commenced suit against John. Again came the sheriff, again he went to court, and again he received the cold outs of the attorneys and the sneer of the people, with the verdict of guilty and the order of full pay to Redman and the costs of court. And yet more was in store for him. The long rod polo was still kept for another use, the worst of all, for now the church, of which John had been to all outward appearances an exemplary member, took the case in hand and expelled him from their communion and fellowship. Thusdid the biter got bit. Thus swiftly did the retributive justice of God overtake the poor cheat who secretly tried to rob a poor honest man of the fruit of his tolL The wretched John never heard the last of the long rod pole. It was the standing joke for a generation, and, although nearly all the actors have long since settled their accounts with that Being who measures all things justly, the lesson still remains and should teach us that in all our denal tngs with our brother man God will only prosper us when we deal honestly and justly. When tempted to do otherwise, let us remember the story of John, who made his rod pole too long.-Exohange. 