TEE SIREN. BY L. T. MEADE. CHAPTER I.— (Continued). "Good God!" muttered tuo cotonei 10 niniseii; "after all these years. Am I glad or am I sorry : It Is Impossible to say at this present moment. Of one thing I ara resolved— neither Nellie nor Wilmot must learn anything of this at present. I must see that child, and soon. To think that I have a grown-up daughter whom I have never yet laid eyes on Is quite enough to stagger even tho sanest ot mcu. a cuimui. ira, ......... thing has been made plain to me. This evidence Is certainly conclusive — the date of birth, follow ed immediately by poor Katarinc's death. Ah! that miserable time! How tho ghost ot it rises up beforo me now! My God, what a fool I was, and yet how inadly. how madly, I loved her! It her child is like lier, I shall love her also; and vet, God help me, I trust she may be different In some ways. Brought up as a Nihilist, did he say? With the strongest Socialistic tendencies. 1 perceive that In my old age I am about to be plunged into water hot enough to scald me. Well, I must not shirk the Inevitable, and X shall start ror Moscow to-night." As this last thought same to the Colonel he got up, thrust the loiter into his breast- pocket, and, leaving the study, crossed tho hall preparatory to going out. He Intended to send a telegram Im mediately to the Hotel de l'Europe, Moscow. As he was putting on his bat, Lady O'Brien, who heard his step on the oak floor of tha hall, tripped out of her llttlo boudoir. "1 was so sorry you could not see me, dear George, wheu 1 came to your door that time," she said. "1 was particularly engaged, Nellie, or I should, of course, have attended to you," was his reply. "But I eamo on business.' "1 cau see you when I come in; I must. go out now." "You look worried, my dear old man. Is there anything tho matter?" "Nothing. Why do you ask?" "X cannot quite tell you, ouly at breakfast you had a letter." "Helen, you know what I bavo told you al ready with regard to my letters. You are wel come to this house, and to all that it contains, but my letters aro my own; I hope you understand?" "Good gracious! Of course I do, George, par ticularly when you look at mo with such an awfully stern face. Did X not know that you wero qtilto tho most good-natured, good- humor ed old fellow In the world I should be quite alarmed. But I would bo tho very last to trouble you. I understand you, George, few better; you aro good, very good; you have not a bit ot real flercenoss in you. Yes, of course, you must go out, and I won't say another word about that naughty letter, no, not another word. Wilmot would scold mo If I did. Why, Wilmot, dear clvild, looks upon you just as If you were her real father." . v "Quito higlit; slio Is a good girl," said the Co lonel. "Now, don't keep me any longer, for I am in a hurry." "But you'll bo in to lunch?" "X cannot say, I may be. By tho way, Helen, I shall be leaving town to-night Xor two or three days." "Indeed? Aro you going to the Paddock?" "No." "And you won't tell me?" As Lady O'Brien spoke sho cocked her head a little to one side, putting on the airs of a very vivacious robin. The Colonel looked steadily at her,' and was silent "Shall you bo long away, you dear, mysterious old creature?" "I cannot say." "To- ulght you say you are going?" "To-night, and I have much to do, so don't keep me any longer. Good-byo for the present." The Colonel took up his walking- stick', and left the house. CHAPTER II. After all, Colonel .Nugent reached home In time for lunch.' Neither Wilmot nor Norreys had yet put in an appearance, and Lady O'Brion having her step-brother to herself was not slow lo avail herself of such a valuablo opportunity. "Goorge, I want to talk to you on a matter of grave Importance," she said. Her voice had assumed a plalntivo tone — as she spoke she twirl ed a handsome diamond ring nervously round and rouud her linger. Colonel Nugent glanced up at her under his shaggy brows, he gave a very Impatient shrug of his shoulders, then prepared himself to listen. "Well, Helen, have It out. I have always observed that when a woman cannot have her own way sho Is restless and unreasonable. You have been anxious to see me for tho entire morn ing. I can now give you a short time of abso lute attention.' "Dear mo, George, how unkind you are when you talk of women. I don't think you have any right to speak to mo in that tone; I am sure my worse oncmy would not consider me unreason able. I worry my male relations! I know hot ter — I have had too much, too sad exporlenee. I am suro, George, I do my utmost to keep your houso as nice as possible, and to manage your. servants, nnd to — to " "Pray don't go on, .Hc-lcn; you aro a capital woman, capital — the best sister a man could possess. But now, for goodness' sake, tell mo what is up. You aro In trouble, or It seems like It. Can I help you In any way?" "What would comfort mo more than anything elso In tho wide world would ho your full uud entire confidence." The Colonel put on his most ferocious frown. "I am not going to say another word," con tinued tho widow, lining up her hand In a de precatory manner. "I know — yes, I know well that 1 cannot have your coniideuco, and I am about to speak on another matter. It is about our denr, pretty, little Wilmot." "Is there anything wrong with our dear, pretty, little Wilmot?" asked the Colonel, relief ap parent both 111 ills tone and manner. "1 observed her at breakfast, and noticed that the child never looked better, brighter, nor handsomer." "Yes, she Is very pretty, Is sho not?" said tin grnliileil mother. "I think so, but perhaps I am not a judge. The faslilon of beauty changes as much as auy- tlilng else. When I was young it was your slen der women with sloping shoulders, no waist to speak of, and tiny hands and feet, who were all the go Now the creature whom men adoro has to bo buxom, full-bloodeil, largely developed, nud with a touch of the masculine." "You don't mean to say you consider Wilmot mnscullno." , ... "Not at ull; sho is a decidedly protty, f:mlnl_J little creature. I was only wondering if sho Is tile fashion." "Blio is very much admiroil, I assuro you. "Then, that Is all right. But what is tho matter with her? You look terribly worried, Nellie — that frown between your brows does not iniprovo you. It makes you look your ago. Oh, pray don'l Jump down my throat." Lafly O'Brien kept Iter seat with some difficulty. She also kept her composure by a violent effort. After a time, sho said, slowly, "When you consider that Wilmot looks tho personifleation of happiness, it shows how little you can seo lielow tlio surface." "But is there anything wrong with her?" "f liopo not, and yet sometimes I tlifnk she does look n little worn for her age." "Worn?" said tho Colonel. "Shu Is a bonny young creature In the bloom of youth. What do you moan, Nellie? Come, don't take up fads." "It Is not a fad, I assuro you. Wilmot looks to mn ill: times both worn and anxious, ami the Tact Is this, George — there In a reason for it. 1 had better como to the point nt once. It is high time that you asked Frank Norreys what Ills In tuitions are." , Colonel Nugent now indeed did raiso his brows, and a lJiok of anger crossed his face. "Aro you serious, Holen?" ho asked. I ou liavo boon linving a bad night, and do not qulto know what you're saying. You want me, to ask Frank what his intentions nre! Eo you mean with a vlow to matrimony?" "Qf course I do. How dense you are I And why will you put It In that coarse, vulgar way — i 1b not a hint enough?" "But I dou't know what I am to say to Frank. Has ho proposed to Wilmot? But tlioy aro flrst cousins, almost brothor and sister. My dear Helen, I must bo misunderstanding you." "You ilo not misunderstand mo at all, George. You tako my remarks In a very unpleasant spirit, but they aro plain enough. I repeat what I liavo already said: 1 want you to qsk Frank NorrcyH what liis Intentions are — yes, witli a view to mat rimony. I should liko Wilmot to marry him, even though ho Is lier flrst cousin. She — she loves lilin, George. Tho dear, silly child has given him her heart." "I am very sorry to hear It — very sorry in deed," said tho Colonel. He jumped up now from lits seat, and began to pace up nud down in from of tho hearth. "But there's nothing dreadful In H, my dear brother. Frank Is a most suitable match for our dear little girl. He has been dangling about, paying her marked attentions, for years, preven ting other men coming ' forward, Injuring the child's prospects, destroying tho flrst rreshness of her youth, and yet lio has never put the vital question." "And you really want him to? Remember once again, they are flrst cousins." "As It that mattered! I never was so silly as to bolteve in any nonsenso of that kiud." "But most people do believe in it. You bad better go and ask your family doctor." "I should like Wilmot to marry Frank." repeat ed Ijady O'Brion, In her most, obstinate voice. "He will have plenty of money, that, is one rea son; another is that the child ioves him: a third that ho is an excellent and good-hearted fellow himself, although, in my opinion, he is scarcely behaving straight now." "He la a good fellow, as such young men go," answered the Colonel. "He lias a nice place in tho country and a few thousands a year, but ho is by no meanB a great catch. 1 wonder at you, Helen — I must say I do." "I want Lira for Wilmot because— because Wil mot lovce him," said the mother; and now her voice trem/bled with real feeling. "Are you sure or this? Remember, you are saying a very grave tiling." "I am certain — positive." "lias tho child told you so?" "No, but 1 can read :t In her eyes.' "Nevertheless, you may bo mistaken. I never noticed anything at all between them." "George, please try to remember that you are a man." "When talking to you I never for a moment forgot that fact. Well, and what do you really want me to do." "To speak to Frank — oh, George, If you would. ' "In my day, when a man was fond of a woman lie told her so," said the Coloacl. "I suppose things are changed now. You surely don't want Frank to marry Wilmot if ho is uot fond of hor." "Oh, he is; of course he So." "Well perhaps so. It must lie a queer sort of affection which does not declare itself. By the way, have you consulted Wilmot lior6etf ou this Important subject?" "I? I am net quite so mad — I would not tell her for the world, nor must you. George, yours will be a delicate task, but you are tho man to do It, and tlio man to do It properly. It is your duty. Of course, dear little Wilmot will never know. Frank is just thoughtless, hut I can guess where his heart is. As soon as ho has been given a hint In the right direction, he will see his duty, and his pleasure as well, and all will come right. As to Wilmot, tliero is not the least doubt that sho Is in lovo, very much in love." "Strange," said tho Colonel, "when I was young, a mother would not have oald that about any girl. Now, when poor O.'Bi'ian proposed for you " < "Don't, Goorge; those memories are too affect ing." Lady O'Brien pulled a handkerchief out of Iter pocket and the Colonel edged In tlio direction of tho door. "Don't cry," lie said, "you know perfectly well you have got ovor it long ago. Well, I am leav ing England to- night. When 1 return " "But that's exactly it. Why wait until you re turn? Speak to him before you go, Goorge, or write him a letter." "What am I to say?" "I cannot dictate to you. One man always knows what to say to another man on an occasion of this sort. Remember, you are in the position of Wilmot's father. If Frank cioes not Intend to becomo her husband he mu6t not follow her about as ho does." "Do you think it is as grave as ail that?" "I do — I certainly do." "Then I will write something, and at once; but all the same I believe you are mistaken. If Wilmot wore really my child I should only allow her to be wooed and won In the ordinary way. If the man lias not spunk enough lo ask her him self without any prodding, from hor- male rela tions she la much better off without him in my opinion. Really, Helen, I wish you would con sider this. Wilmot Is much too pretty to bo offered to any man." "I know what I am doing," said the mother, in a steady voice. "Wilmot has had the misfor tune to fall, in love with Frank, and on account of that she discourages other eligible men. With Frank she is happy, when ho Is away she Is miserable. George, It must be; you will write to him, will you not?" "I will write something, but, by Jove, I don t know what to say. Now, I have a good deal to do, and if you're golug out at once I may not see you again." "This departure of yours sounds terribly mys terious." "Think anything you like about it, but I have no more time to waste. Good-byo — good-bye." The Colonel hurriedly left the room; once more he returned to his study, drew a sheet of papor towards him, dipped his pen in ink, and pre pared to write. He thought for a bit, the frown deepening between his brows. "This is all deuced unpleasant," he said to himself, "but, after all, as things are turning out it might bo as well to get Wilmot out of the way. That thero will be complications I can see well, and Helen Is the sort of woman to make herself intensely unpleasant. If I really possess a daughter, she ought, to he mistress of this house, and Helen and Wilmot will have to leave. On ono point I am firmly resolved— the house shall not havo two mistresses. It Wilmot mar ries, her mother might live with hor. Yes; that would be a capital arrangement, and save me from a good deal of anxiety. Not that I mean, God knows, to be selfish, hut my own child, the child whom I have never laid oyes on, must have my first care and consideration. Yes, I will say something to Frank— doubtless the mother is right, but I am sorry for Wilmot— I don't oven respect the child quite as much as I did." Here the Colonel dipped his pen in Ink nnd wrote on the blank sheet of paper beforo him "My dear Frank." The words wero scarcely written before the study door was flung open, and the young man in question strolled in. "My dear Frank, you're tho very man I want," said tho Colonel. "Alter all, he said to himself, "It iR easier to speak than to write." "What's up. Uncle George?" said Norreys, sinking as he spoke Into -tho nearest chair. "By the way," ho added, "Aunt Nellie tells me that you are leaving town. Havo you forgotten that you aro to preside at tho club dinner to-night?" The Colonel throw up his hands. "What a mercy you reminded mo," he cried. "I must send a note to the secretary Immedi ately; ho must find another chairman. I am very sorry, but my business is important— very important." The Colonel rumpled up his hair nnd stared straight at Ills nephew. "You look worried; Is there anything I can do for you, sir?" asked tho young mnn. "I wish you could, Frank; but there — this is tho sort of thing that T cannot confide to anyone. I am hurrying out of England, and I cannot exactly say when I.gliall he back." "Does Aunt Nellie know about your busi ness?" "Sho does not, nor do I wish hor to. Frank, you must keep your own counsel. It is quite posslhlo that I may have to write to you from abroad. If so, I shall address my letter to the club. See, tills will be my address in caso you havo anything to say to mo. Now. not a word to your aunt and cousin; mind, I trust you." "You may, sir. I shall not breathe a syllable of wluit you have said." "That's right." "Were you about to send mo a letter on Uie subject?" asked Norreys, who could not help seeing the "My dear Frank" staring at him on tho whlto sheet of paper. "I was just going to write to-you, but not on this subject." The Colonel colored and looked hard at the young man. Norreys gazed back at him In a most nonchalant and yet affectionate style. He was very fond of his uncle; ho un derstood htm far bettor than oither Wilmot or Lady O'Brion did. (To ho continued.) 