lining ana Finance* Until Friday the market continued strong and improving, taking it all round, but on Saturday a reaction set in, lower prices ruling generally. Monday saw improvement in a few stocks, but in most an uncertain and unsettled market. Throughout the week, however, good trade has been effected in a variety of stocks. Perhaps the most noticeable rise was in Associateds, which at one time touched 83s., but fell back lately to 76s. Large numbers of these shares changed hands for reasons stated elsewhere. Brookman's Boulders dealt in to moderate extent only. Oroyas maintained last week's rise; also South Kalgurlis, which were taken largely at fluctuating rates. Kalgurlis had a sharp rise in London, from £5 15s. to £6 8s. in one day, but fell back on Adelaide selling orders. Hainaults have maintained their rise, but are difficult to trade in here. Horseshoes scarcely so firm and little dealt in. Banks have had good demand at improved rates, also Mints. * * * Boulder Centrals, rumours of important developments which, by the way, have not taken place, advanced to 17s. Very heavy exchange happened last week, but after many fluctuations opening rates have not been maintained. View Souths came into demand and ran up to 24s., but did not stay at that. Boulders vary very little, also Consols and Ivanhoes, all of which keep fairly steady. * * * Pleasing features of the week's business were the advances in Princess Royals, Queen Margarets, and Premiers, all on legitimate improvement at the mines, and in each instance, though top prices have not been maintained, present rates show considerable improvement on those tuling a week ago. Lady Marys have also had a steady demand, and show material appreciation. * * * At the Ironsides North the main shaft being sunk is now down over 8C ft. A contract has been let to sink and timber to water level at 27s. per foot— probably the cheapest bit of work yet done on the field. The shaft will be a solid bit of work, and under the direction of Messrs. Callahan and Stafford, shareholders may be sure their money will be well spent, and that the work now well under way will be pushed ahead with the vigor this well-situated block merits. * * * Princess Royal report a good development in winze below the 100-ft. level. Stone assays up to 6 ozs. per ton. * * * Brown Hill Central report a good development, which caused a run on shares to 4s., but as the market eased immediately, the improvement cannot yet be of any very great importance. * * * Golden Horseshoe new lode met with in east crosscut at 300-ft. level is a large body of ore worth from 1 oz. to 30 dwts. The crosscut is being extended eastward to the boundary, and will pass through the main Ivanhoe lode before finally cutting the rich Boulder western lode on the Horseshoe boundary. The continuation of this crosscut west of the shaft passed through another well defined lode 2 ft. in width—an encouraging body of ore ; and no doubt the so-called telluride lode met with west of the shaft at the 200-ft. level. The Ivanhoe western lode has yet to be cut in this level. It is therefore probable that no less than five lodes will be found to exist in this property. The erection of the crushing plant is progressing well, and crushing will probably start towards the end of August, after which the mine should soon be on the dividend list. K- * * Manager of the Kalgoorlie Bank of England estimates there are 111,380 tons of ore ready to be broken down, and that it should yield 95,224 ozs. of gold, or slightly over 17 dwts. per ton. He also estimates the cost of mining and milling at one-third of the gold value, or under 6 dwts. per ton. Quite possible later on, so let us hope the ore and the gold are there. THE CRITIC knows at least one mine at Kalgoorlie even now mining, milling, and paying all W.A. expenses at a cost of 7 dwts. per ton. At any rate, if the manager's estimates according to report dated May 31st are any way correct, the Bank must be a much more valuable property than the market indicates, and shares must be very cheap at present prices. On the manager's statement the mine is worth at least a quarter of a million. The market values it at £60,000 or thereabouts. * * * H. Burton Corbin's report on Brophy's Kurnalpi Consols contains the following : " I consider the property one of the best prospecting shows I have seen in Western Australia, and well worth prospecting by sinking the 50-ft. shaft to 140-ft. Galena and iron pyrites are found throughout the reefs- The presence of these minerals points to the permanence of these quartz reefs in depth." Erection of small battery recommended with a view to raising funds by crushing ore available, and so facilitating further prospecting without making calls on shareholders. * * * The declaration of a 2s- dividend by the Associated co. is very gratifying to investing shareholders. The distribution amounts to £45,000, which at the present juncture it is very doubtful whether it would not have been a wiser policy for the co. to have kept in hand. Great expenditure is ahead of the co. in its bold scheme of development and equipment, and it would be far wiser to wait until this scheme is further advanced before making any distribution to shareholders. The dividend is stated to be paid out of proceeds of gold won, the accounts for which are kept separate from general outlay in equipment, but all the same it is a very moot question whether at the present time the dividend is not, after all, paid out of capital. In any case it is six of one and half-a-dozen of the other. Before this co. should come on the dividend list the mine should be thoroughly opened up and fully equipped, otherwise it is bad policy. * * * Rumours of a good development in the Australia, anticipation of a dividend, and an improved market in London put shares up to 82s. 6d. buyer here, but on the announcement of the dividend prices eased back several shillings, and have gone weaker since. Fairly good evidence that the declaration was not favorably received by all shareholders. It is believed the actual development that has taken place is not on the Australia lode but in Judd's shaft which is reported to have come on to the lode. This is probable, and was foreshadowed in THE CRITIC in an article on the mine some little time back. * * * The Bank of England expects to have its ball mills in operation within a month's time. These shares have lately been in fair demand, apparently on the expectation of good returns. The Ivanhoe Junction shaft has stopped at 425 ft., and the co. is preparing to open out at the 400-ft. level. Should any strikes come to hand the co. will be promptly blessed. * * * Boulder Main Reef, according to the bore sent in, has an immense body awaiting exploitation at 275 ft. Formation said to be about 50 ft. wide, and worth 8 to 10 dwts. average. The Great Boulder must get the full strength of this make in its yet unexplored eastern ground. * * * Brookman's Boulder reckons that between 60 and 80 ft. of cross- cutting will land it on the lode at the 400-ft. level, so that there should be some more encouraging news from this mine early in July. Judging by the tine 4-ft. body of 2-oz. stone exposed in the 300-ft., the co. may expect equally good value at the lower level. In any case, the shares show every chance of appreciating within a short time. * * * The Kalgoorlie Miner is making a great effort to put a market move on Kalgoorlie Props. Look at this scream : "The manager inclines to the belief that the belt of mineralised country through which the crosscut has been passing during the last 50 ft. is entirely a new make and distinct from the lodes revealed in the upper working. Should this surmise be borne out by further development at the (300) level great possibilities loom in the future, as it means that the auriferious matter will be proved for a width of over 80 ft." But what of the value ? Dwts. dwts., and poor dwts. at that! Isn't it time the Prop, manager rediscovered that alleged telluride vein ? Industrious Melb. whisper is that the Props, are on the eve of a big rise. They have stood on that eve for the last two years. * * * Lake View Consols main stopes are 40 ft. wide. This mine is not by any means working to its full capacity, for the tremendous body of ore exposed would feed a much larger milling power for years to come. One has to see the Consols to realise its immensity, no extent of paper description being able to convey an accurate idea of its producing importance. * * * Matters are moving very slowly with the Monte Christo that tails on to Hannan's Reward. Co. still exploring the "gold bearing zone" at the 300-ft. level, but without meeting with success. At latest the crosscut was in 347-ft. in a hard greenish schist with stringers of quartz, all highly mineralized. So far the board has not moved in the direction of crushing the " large deposits of cement" available. Seems they prefer to wait further developments undergound before going to the expense of a mill. A wise policy. Co. has * 2,505 * forfeited shares in hand. # Boulder Consols No. 1 at 225 ft. (No. 4 shaft) speaks of having proved 46 ft. of a formation with stringers of quartz intervening, but the ore is low grade. Co. has ceased work at this shaft, and is concentrating its. efforts on sinking a new main shaft, to go down to 250 or 300 before opening out for the lode. Scrippers are sticking to this concern well, for the prospects arevery fair. * * * Hannan's Eureka shaft down about |300 ft. Said a favorable change of country has come in, but there nothing of any great moment to put a smile on the steady call payers. * * * Boulder Nor'-West on a steady prospecting plug at the 200-ft. level crosscuts. Extension of the east crosscut in country of a more promising nature. It is always thus. * * * Boulder North Extended very quiet of late, with, no great "strikes" to shake the market. Engine: shaft has got to 363 ft., with the sink in country of improved appearance ; quartz spurs hold seams of fine pyrites right throngh them, and the country rockhighly mineralised. * * * McPherson's Reward has placed the 3,000 sharesoffered, but that has not greatly altered the financial aspect of the co., the cash in hand being rather limited. Manager confident, however, of making the show pay, and THE CRITIC trusts he will be as good as his word. Some time ago the difficulty was water, but now the co. has an ample supply. * * * Queen Margaret Souths are having another flutter in sympathy with Queen " Maggies." fhe South has the McDiarmid shaft down to 7S-ft., and it is officially stated that the portion of the lode opened up shows, the usual patchy gold bearing characteristics, and altogether must be classed as very low grade. Deeper developments, however, should tell a more encouraging, tale. * * * THE CRITIC desires to commend Raymond Radclyffe's " Wealth and Wild Cats" to the attention of the S.A. investing public. This cheery volume of travels through the W.A. and N.Z. goldfields is exceedingly interesting. Everything i3 quaintly and smartly told, and so taking are the comments and the comparison of men, mines, and cities that there is hardly a dull page in the book. The many illustrations are also good. The book comes to the writer from Messrs. Geo. Robertson & Co. * * * Chaffers are slowly but surely again coming into market notice. The 300-ft. developments in the Golden Horseshoe point to the fact that the Chaffers must in time move up to a valuable claim, and where there is good gold the question of over-capitalization is a small matter. For a low-priced venture Chaffers offer exceptionally good opportunity of making money at ruling rates. ** * Golden Horseshoe has cut two fair grade bodies in. the east and west crosscuts from the 300. West crosscut being further extended to locate the continuation of the Ivanhoe's middle lode, and having got that, will then strike out for the Boulder body. From this it will be seen that there are great possibilites before the Horseshoe in these 300-ft. workings. Also, the co. has an area of about 400 ft. to explore between the last ore body cut in the west crosscut and the boundary. 'Shoes have already had a fine rise, and with the prospects ahead these shares in the early future should go much better. A splendid investment. * * * The nomenclature of wayside places outside Westralian mining centres is just about as common place as possible, and "5-miles," "10-miles," "90- miles" and so on are in great evidence. The naming of some of the centres, however, was very appropriate. For instance, Bulong was first called I.O.U. by a party which included Pat Hannans, because after working there for a considerable time, and finding, little, they were forced to abandon the field without getting anything like a return for their money. In the same way, by almost the same crowd, was White Feather named. " It panned out well at first" said a Victorian farmer named Laird when asked for a suitable name for the find, " but she showed the * white feather' at last." And the name -was jumped at by all. Broad Arrow, Black Flag, and Dead Finish are also names in point, and the tracks of tired, thirsty, and disappointed miners can be traced all over the map of Western Australia. * * * Royal Margaret, Queen Margaret Centrals, and 1 Queen Margaret Souths co.'s held their ordinary halfyearly general meetings last week. The Royal has £1,412 in hand, and has applied for extended exemption. The South has a cash balance of £1,100 and 11,000 reserve shares. Before going to any further heavy expenditure it is the intention of the di rectors to await developments in the Queen Margaret mine. The Central has about £600 in hand, and intend to go -on as vigorously as possible prospecting the mine in depth. The directors appear to have made a good deal in the purchase from a mine in the district ot a winding-plant, small condenser, and a quantity of mining requisites for £150. Pushing down the shafts on this line appears to be the only course to pursue. The Queen Margaret has commenced sinking a new main shaft. Developments at 300-ft. south continue highly encouraging, while the stopes generally are resported to be looking better. * * * „ In an interesting leader on the progress of Western Australia, the Register states that that colony threatens " to oust Queensland from second position" on the list of gold-producing colonies, and to run Victoria closely for first. The Register is not up to date. Western Australia leads Australia this year, and there can be hardly a doubt that by the end of the year the Western colony's output will exceed Victoria by at least 200,000 ozs. The figures for the three colonies so far this year are Western Australia - 389,942 ozs. Queensland - - 341,290 " Victoria - - 312,322 " * * * Australia has exported gold to the value of £5,373,058 so far this year, as against £5,570,444 during the corresponding period last year. * * * Lake View Souths are being quietly gathered in by keen operators who scent a smart rise in this stock when the ore in -the deeper levels is laid bare. Face •of the crosscut at the 300 shows an average of 15 dwts. stone, which is an encouraging improvement on the value in the upper workings. There is no doubt that the South will get the dip of the Consols rich chute in -the 400-ft. level, and when that happens the shares will promptly get back to their old figure on the •market. Those buyers at high prices will not lose much by holding their scrip. At ruling rates Souths should be bought. * * * Reckoned that the Fremantle smelting works will be in full swing inside three months. Co. has a splendid site, connected with the seaboard and the main rail system, and will be in a position to treat ore for £2 10s. a ton. At present sending ore to S.A. or other Eastern smelters means that it cannot be -treated under £5 a ton. * * * Quite on the cards that the Associated inside three months will be turning out £40,000 worth of gold per month. Co. has managed to secure some necessary reducing plant in Australia, so that will materialy assist in " pushing *" up the output. \- * * ~*Bayley's United mill return for the month, 478 ozs. from 350 tons. The stone came from three levels—so it is evident he ore is on the improve. > * * When THE ^RITIC told its readers to plank their shirts on Kalgurlis it did so on the soundest inform- ation available, and conscious that those who bought when the shares were down would eventually reap handsome profits. To-day we see Kalgurlis hovering about the £6 mark, and that is far from their maximum. Advices from the mine further accentuate its great potentialities. The bore from the 100-ft. level has proved the extention of the Australia East lode in the Kalgurli to be 43-ft. wide, and this makes the sixth ore body the co. has to operate on. A whoop wire : " Total width of ore bodies at about the 200-ft. level is 118-ft,, and for the whole width this is high grade stone. With a view of proving the length of the shoots drives north and south are being driven at the 200-ft. level, and in places a width of 40 ft. of stone is being broken, all of which is more than payable. The Kalgurli and Australia group of mines embraces the whole of Australia Hill, and no other mines on the field have such an enormous width of payable ore bo lies. The North Kalgurli being immediately north of the Kalgurli, should unquestionably have the Australia East lode, the course of which has now been proved." So those who have Norths may shake hands over their market prospects. * * * The Royal Mint South has commenced crosscutting at the 300-ft. level.—The Imperial Boulder crosscut at the 260-ft. level shows that the country has changed considerably and is of much softer nature, showing quartz leaders mineralized of a very promising nature. * # * Re the application for the forfeiture of the Golden Horseshoe for alleged breach of the transfer regulations. THE CRITIC understands the applicant hasn't a ghost of a chance of succeeding. It isn't likely that the W.A. Govt, would allow the lease of a property worth a million to be jeopardised for a mere technicality. - If enough stamp duty was not paid in the first instance it can be paid now, no doubt. B.H. Techincal College will be opened, for sure, in about a month's time. The delay has been shameful; it should have been ready in March last. * * * Apropos of the B.H. South future dividends, the western development at the 500-ft. has proved a chimney over 170 ft. in length, with no hanging-wall yet in sight. The other day it was thought that the broken casing had been entered, but this has since given away to compact ore, with no indication whatever of the Avail. This body, which averages something like 35 ft. wide, will probably continue upwards to the 400-ft., and its depth at the next level will shortly be determined by a drive. Already a winze from the bottom of this (500 ft.) level has been deepened to 76 ft., massive ore shooting in the bottom. * * * Block 10 machinery continues to do increased work, the whole working splendidly. Hitherto Captain Warren has been unfortunate in his breakages, but now he is having a respite. The increased quantity of ore coming out of the mine required increased atten- tion to refilling, and mullock is consequently being dumped down more freedy than formerly. * * * B.H. Propty. directors have just paid their usual half- yearly visit of inspection. THE CRITIC expects to know shortly something concerning the lines of future concentration. Asserted that the agreement with " expert" Pitcairn will terminate on July 3. * * British directors are in high glee at the satisfactory shaping of the mill since engineer Eustace took it in hand. A few adjustments have still to be made, but in a week or two these should be completed. * * * At the 300 and 400-ft. levels, British, more ore is in sight at the present time than at any past period of the mine's existence. Everywhere huge breasts are exposed, on all sides and overhead. As the ground is depleted, the tailings are sent back to refill it; the wisdom of this policy may, however, be questioned, for although the filling is most efficacious—far more so than ordinary mullock—it is qnite possible that in the remote future it may have to be mined again for the zinc contents. * * * Junction North friable or shipping sulphides in the levels now working are getting quickly depleted. Extensive reserves of high-grade milling ore remain, which should, in the ordinary course of events, give handsome returns by dressing. Furthermore, it is impossible to say what the prospects will be out west at the 850-ft. when the exploratory crosscut got there. All being well, the J.N. mill should be ready for moving round within the next fortnight; but of course the usual adjustments will have to be made thereafter. * * * The Exploration and Development S'y formed in Broken Hill to test some of the smaller shows in the district, starts with over 200 members. Subscription per share, 6d. The s'y should do good, provided it is properly managed, and not used to boost known-to-beworthless properties. * * * A small show to the south of Broken Hill—once the Melbourne Rockwell, now the Little Broken Hill— raising some very decent ore going 15 ozs. silver and over 40 per cent. lead. About 60 tons have already been sold to the Propt'y. THE CRITIC'S opinion: A mine worth watching, though not touchable just at present. * * * British market being tested ust now with regard to the reflotation of some of the Northern mines. With what success is not yet known. * * * A South Broken Hill man the other day digging a well n his backyard struck a patch of rich chlorides. Sour. I', like a boom fiction, but it isn't. The Hunting Meet at the "Acacias." Adelaide. L Photo, by Tilley, The quantity of chlorides buried under the old dumps along the line of lode, cast aside in the early days of ignorance, will some day repay mining for. * * * Be chlorides : A miner on the Junction (in the days that have gone) one day threw a half-emptied jam tin, the contents of which the ants had spoiled, into the fire. Some time afterwards, on his giving the tin a kick, out rolled a little ball of burnt jam, looking for all the world like a bit of gossan. The opinion of a then well-known expert was asked on the ball. " Well," he replied, " it's keenly-looking stuff. But it wants depth for chlorides." C. L. Garland and W. H. Cotton, consulting engineers have applied to N.S. W. Minister for Mines for a lease of sixteen miles of the bed of the Macquarie Biver, in the Ironbarks district. The applicants propose to dredge the river bed. The dredges they have already procured, five in number, cost £5000, and will, it is expected, treat 17,000 loads of drift per week, at an expense of Id. per load. This looks very well on paper, and if it turns out half as well in fact congratulations will be deserved. That portion of the Macquarie Biver bed must contain drift of a high value. C. L. Garland was once M. L. A., and so influential a freetrader that a portfolio was assured in the next shifting of parties ; but Henry George converted him to the Single Tax, and Mr. Garland backed gradually out of public life. His wife, " Mary of Carcoar," was for long the only N.S.W. woman-editor of a backblock journal. * * * Union, Pitfield (Vic.), shares dropped on the labor trouble, the miners objecting to contract work, because the Union, as a div. mine, could afford to keep to day labor. Co., however, does not see why it should pay more than other mines, and the directors are parleying with the Miners' Association on the matter. This trouble may lead up to a general fight, and if that happens the cos. are bound to win. * * * Harvey Patterson and his brother have put £10,000 into Chillagoe Props. J. S. Beid," Charlie" Chapman, and Knox are the principal holders. "Colossus" Kelly got in late. By the time he had made up his mind to buy, the syndicate shares had risen to a good premium. * * * Bendigo news points to a continuing good market. Many of the leading stocks in good request. On the New Chum line Eurekasand Bailways command much attention. Later selling from 33s. 6d. to 33s. 9d. Garden Gullys still firm at 41s. 6d. Sea co., holding the next claim south, improved to 2s. Id., and the shares look like firming in sympathy with the Gardens. The Clarence co. has an increased show of gold in both levels and backs. Last return excellent, 50 loads giving 64 ozs. 10 dwts. Sales to 18s. South New Moon has a very fair prospect at 800, and shares in consequence firmed to lis. Princess Dagmar has encountered a strong flow of water in the deep crosscut, and indications are very favorable for striking stone. * * * Vic. Gold Estates (London) starting the Ascot and Spring Hill Deep Lead co. to take up the unexplored district between Clunes, Allendale and Ballarat. This is a farming district mostly owned by the Clarke family. Geologists have always held that the Creswick leads run through to Ballarat in that direction. Anyway, it has rich ground on either side, and the six miles between is well worth trying. It lies just west of the Midas country. * * * Chillagoe is already beginning to entice a few Barrierites North Queenslandwards 