sporting. Curf fashions. BY SEARCHLIGHT. Tattersalls was very unfortunate in having such a wet day for their meeting on Saturday. A curious coincidence in connection with the receipts was that they were to a pound the same as last year, but the takings from the Grand Stand on Saturday showed a falling off, while those from the Derby Stand increased ; due, no doubt, to many of the flatites seeking shelter from the rain. The racing in itself was good, and the finish in the Breeders' Handicap and Pile Handicap was worth going a long way to see. The day did not pass off without some incident to mark it. Viking's win in Tattersalls Cup met with some strong expressions of disapproval on the part of the Derby Stand occupants, who were not slow in airing their opinions. Viking last year ran a bad race at Onkaparinga, and then shortly after came out and won this identical race. A similar performance was repeated last week, and on an enquiry being held as to his reversal of form, a satisfactory explanation was forthcoming. Viking carried 8 st. 11 lbs. in the Onkaparinga Cup, and it is said his rider broke a stirrup leather during the race. The handicapper displayed great leniency, and let him in 6 lbs. lighter over a shorter distance. On his Melbourne form he was right in it, and the stable giving a lead, the public followed suit. The horse, however, had been freely discussed during the week, and to many—who bore last year's running in mind—his win did not come as a surprise, while others did not give a horse credit for improving so quickly. To the public, who knew nothing about the stirrup business, the -reversal of form was very marked, and they can hardly be blamed for taking it in the light they did. * * * The Welter race made Keera out to be nothing wonderful, and though the stable backed him, he had to play second fiddle to the moderate Kase, who was fancied here on his running at the Port. * * * Regent was most in demand of the Hurdle contestants, but Allahditta in certain quarters was expected to beat her, and this he did after making practically all his own running. There is a race or two in this horse yet, and he is quite up to a bit of weight. Menindie is on the improve, and, when well, will take beating. * * * Eiridsforde was reckoned the best of those engaged in the Cup, but Perry's stable was again to the front with Viking and Gnullo, who were right out from their field at the finish. The winner had a bit in hand, but Gnullo, who ran a good race, could have been nearer if her rider had thought it worth while to persevere. * * * The public have a great opinion of Furore, but on their form lately, what a good thing the Trials at Oakbank was for Cicero. He stayed out the Breeders' Handicap well, giving away weight to Furore, and is evidently a better horse than thought. Ranfurly ran a good one under the weight, and may pick up a race at the Cup meetings. * * * The Steeplechase furnished a good race between All Fours and Grassmere, who is an over-rated fencer, and a selling race is about his forte. The mare is coming into form, and I should not put one of the big steeples beyond her, as the class represented is not too good. * * * In the last race torm was knocked into pieces, and when a selling-plater like Cigarette can win in a sixfurlong race with some fair sprinters in it, it is time to give up trying to pick them. Her supporters, however, were well repaid for the risk they took, and have nothing to complain of. Blue Blood showed us a taste of his Melbourne form, but there was little merit in it. Now that Tattersalls is over attention will be turned to the Adelaide Cup meeting, which is about three weeks off, and with the advent of the Melbourne teams things will liven up a bit. Fleet Admiral and Scobie's lot are already here, and may be seen at work down at Morphettville. * * * The probable visitors are Resolute, Olaf, Veneda, Lochabre, Hughie, Songster, and Hymettus for the Goodwood ; while Ayrshire, Eleusive, Catspaw, Mischief, Hear Hear, and Australian may take their chances for the Cup. * * * Spencer is at present doubtful, as the injury to his stifle was more serious than at first thought, and the break in his training may leave the colt short of work. It will be a pity if Mr. Archie Yuille is not represented, and the accident to his horse is much to be regretted. * * * Battalion may be a starter in the Cup, but apart from that his chance in the weight-for-age races is not to be despised, provided he doesn't go off after his Sydney trip. He did not put in an appearance on the last day against Amberite, * * who * keeps on winning. Little is heard about Veneda, but if he comes he will have to be reckoned with in the Goodwood. This horse is considered pretty good by his owner, and he knows how to place them. His "coup" with Buccaneer in the City was a very successful one. Staffa is keeping well without doing anything sensational on the track, and if his party fancy hiin in the Goodwood backers must keep him in mind. On paper he holds the local contingent eafe—unless any of them have improved a ton—and some of the visitors will find him hard to shake off. * * * Olaf is considered to be well in on form, but he is a horse best left alone until the day. Of a fretful disposition, it is no easy matter to get him well, and the racecourse is very seldom resorted to for his training. Hacking about, and a quiet gallop now and then is all he gets. * * * The S.A. Stakes to be run on Goodwood day will not be confined to one or two, as in the past. This year a fair field will start, of which the best are Hainault, Dirk Hammerhand, Sparta, Cicero, Furore, and others with a lesser chance. It is not so easy to gauge Hainault's form, as of late owing to a spell he has had no opportunity of testing his powers with the others. On his early running his chance is a good one, but there is a possibility he may not be quite ready by the day. Dirk Hammerhand and Sparta are the two best in it, and either may winj but, if anything, Sparta's performances are more brilliant and there can be little doubt of his staying seven furlongs. That double run with Furore .seems to have done no harm, as evidenced by his win at Oakbank. Provided he keeps well, I shall stand by Sparta. The St. Leger will probably find Keera, Lord Salisbury, Fleet Admiral, and possibly Chokebore and Spencer, contesting. The two last are doubtful, especially Spencer, who has been kept back on account of an accident. Hill's stable up to within a few days ago were very confident as to Lord Salisbury's ability to do something big, but it appeared that the colt had gone off; possibly that clipping trial before may have knocked him out. I hear Fleet Admiral is looking well, but I am a little bit doubtful about that shoulder, and would like to see him come safe through a stinging gallop before giving him the race. If well, he must have a big say, but the colt's preparation has certainly been a short one, and unless he is one of those that come on quickly, the limited space of time at his disposal is not in his favor. * * * Alveary is going well at Morphetville, and it is whispered she has more than an outside show in. the Goodwood. * * * The polo season will come to an end this week, when tournaments.between the Adelaide and Mt. Crawford and Adelaide and Strathalbyn teams will take place. Friday afternoon and all day Saturday will be taken up, and some good play is expected. The club will provide afternoon tea on Saturday, and in the evening the visiting teams will be * entertained * * at a dinner. Lacrosse has hit football in a soft place. Football has, outside senior ranks, practically given up the ghost, whereas lacrosse clubs spring up everywhere. Even in Melbourne, the home of football, the Canadian game thrives, most of the clubs playing this year on enclosed grounds. In Adelaide, over 250 players will take the field every Saturday this season. * * * A Royal div. horse—Cigarette. H.E. the Governor presenting Volunteer Officers' Decorations at S.A. Easter Camp. MISS PARR, Winner of the S.A. Ladies' Tennis Championship. 