GENERAL. Queenstown is advancing in size and population, and matters in the building trade are exceedingly brisk. Among the new buldings in course of erection, or for whicjh tenders have been called, are four brick shops for Mr G. F. Henry, two for Mr J. B. Hunter, four for Mr A. Douglas, all in Orr-street; a brick theatre, several handsome villa residences, and tenders have been called by the Mount Lyell Company for the erection of a spacious residence for the general manager, Mr Sticht. Among the intercolonial business people who have decided to settle here is Mr Villard, a well-known Melbourne business man. Mr Villard last week purchased two ¼ acre blocks on the corner of Sticht and Cutten streets for £400 each (a few months ago these same blocks were on offer for £150 each), and on one of them he intends to put up a large hotel, which will be conducted on the latest American principles. The question of the urgent need which exists for providing the town with a permanent water supply has been brought very prominently before the public during the recent spell of dry weather. Residents have had to carry or have carted for a considerable distance for all domestic purposes, and at the hotels a bath is a luxry not to be thought of. This is rather an incongruous state of affairs in a part of the country where the annual rainfall is form 10ft to 12ft, but it is true. The Town Board have now under consideration a scheme for a permanent water supply, and if they will only display a fair amount of administrative energy in the matter a repetition of the inconvenience endured this summer will be avoided. In the way of amusements during the last few weeks we have been well off. The Glendenning concert company, the blind singers, and Colonel Lumare's variety company and cinematographe have been playing successive seasons with satisfactory results, while the Stephens company, with the celebrated Lucifers open for a week's season to- morrow night, to be followed by the Amy Sherwin concert company; so that it will be seen that the West Coast, despite its inaccessibility, is considered a good exploiting ground for the theatrical profession. Anyway, they all seem to make a living and the "ghost" walks regularly, which is not always the case in other parts of the province. Active work at the principal outside mines has been slightly retarded by the fires, but the work of re- building the camps is progressing vigorously, and it will not be long before operations are in full swing again, except, perhaps, in the case of a few of those companies which have only a limited capital. The re-building of a couple of huts would be a big strain on the finances of some of the 'pups.' 