EE WAS HATJMTED. Fischer's ghost has been laid, to the regret of those who have cherished him as a -winter story lor the fireside. He is no longer believed to sit on top of a three-railed fence as a cine to the discovery of his bones in a stagnant pool. Bat there is a mun in the Glebe, Sydney, who was hannted by a spectre which never left him. It was with Mm as he sat all day mending shoes, and in the dark and silent watches of the night it clang to him, and he began to look upon it as a fearful part of him self until his time would come to enter into the spirit land. It was a grim and horrible experience, and all his days and nights were spent in trying to solve the enigma of its presence, and the way that he coold lay it, as they had laid Fischer's ghost. The worst of the matter was that it was invis ible to all bat himself: he was worse ♦«"»" haunted, it tortured him, for this spectre loved to give him pain. At length the means were given to him to free himself of Its hateful presence, and he describes his last fight with it to our representative who waited upon ■him at 86 Bridge-road, Glebe.—"For the past eight years," said Mr. Wdl Burke, shoemaker, "I have endured very much from constipation and piles; no medicine seemed to do me good. At night I could not sleep, snd by day I was too drowsy to do my work. No thing I took could free me of pain, until I tried Dr. Morse's Indian Boot Pills, and now I can say that they are the best remedy I have ever known, as they do not gripe or weaken, and yet do all that Is said of them. 1 am a better man to-day than I have been for years. It is a grand aire." Dr. Horse's Indian Boot Pills core tuch cases. They are a positive rare for liver ailments, sick headache, bilious ness, indigestion, dyspepsia, consti pation, foul breath, sallow complexions, and a perfect Mood purifier, earing eczema, pimples, blotches, and all skin diseases. As a woman's best friend they stand alone. Sold by chem ists and storekeepers, price. Is. 3d. per' bottle Australasian Branch of the W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd., 58 Pitt-street, Sydney, N. S. W. Sold wholesale in Queensland by Messrs Elliott Bros, Ltd., Brisbane. Each bottle has the full name blown thereon, and the wrap per bears the signature of Wm. H. Comstock. Avoid substitutes, and see that yon get the genuine. Some men who are always grumb ling about hard times would consider tt an insult if any one were to offer them a lob. On her wedding day every woman thinks life will be one grand sweet song, but later, when she has to sing to a noisy pair of twins—well, Its n liferent tune, 