The Sketcker. Some Scottish Ghosts* Castles and Mansions that are Haunted | Scotlaud, the laud of deep enthusiasm and poetic feeling, is essentially a laud of superstition; witness thelirm belief of (lie peasantry in the weird traditions oL' the West uiul the Highlands, in the uu canny apparitions, t'oreboders of evil to the family to whom they belong, and their avoidance of Hie so-called abodes of ghosts and evil spirits. Nor do they stand alone in their beliefs ; anions the upper class credence is given to much that is supernatural, and not without cause, as the history of the aucient (Jastle of Glumis iu Forfarshire relates. Although the whole house abounds in mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamber iu particular is known as the " Haunted lioom," aud access to this fearsome place is ouly known to Lord Strathmore, his heir, aud the factor. There Is no doubt whatever about the noises ; one night when they were more weird aud unearthly than usual, Lhe present Earl, with several chosen com panions, determined to investigate the cause, and went to the room. Hardly had his lordship opened the door, when he fell back swooning. Nor could he ever be persuaded to tell what he saw, or even to mention the subject. One old story is that during a feud-between the Lindsays and Ogilvies some of the latter clan, in (light from their enemies, besought hospitality from the owuer of Glarnis. He gave them shelter in this room ; but, under plea of hiding them, left them there to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly re- | mains which startled the Earl, but what ever it was is still a secret. Another story is tliat oi uarl pane, ceieoimeu for many vices, but above all for that of gambling. He played continually, hob nobbing with his humblest servitor, could he not obtaiu another partner. However, one " Lord's Day" no one could be persuaded to play with him. The chaplain heaped anathemas on the j head of any one who dared to desecrate the "Sawbatli" by touching the "Devil's bricks," as he designated cards. Eavl Patie, rather thaja be thwarted in I his desire, invoking the " foul liend" to be his partuer, locked himself iuto his room. Tile " deil" came, and then the l'un was fast and furious ; curses, oaths, and shrieks terrified the inmates,-and the butler, braver than the rest, putting his eye to the keyhole, had it sorely scorched for his curiosity. The Earl, coming out for a minute to get the wherewithal to settle up with, returned only to iind the room empty, and no where could any trace of his ghostly comrade be found. After his death, live years later, the same noises were con stantly heard issuing from the room and along the corridors. AUaubauk, Die seat of the Stuarts, is haunted by the ghost of " Pearlin Jean." She was the wife of the lirst baronet, and a Frenchwoman, whom he married in Paris and deserted. When returning to his native land she appeared at the last moment to bid him good-bye, and stood on the forewlieel of the coach to address him. Much annoyed, he bade the postillion drive on; the lady fell, and the wheels going over her head killed her. On his arrival home, when driving under the arched entrance gateway, Sir Uoberf. saw "Pearlin .lean" sitting on the top, hc-r head and shoulders covered with blood, and for years the rustle of silk and patter of Louis XV. heels was heard along the passages. There is perhaps no more notorious ghost than the " Airlie Drummer" ; his 1 haunt is an ancient stronghold, Cor tachy Castle, belonging to the Earls of Airlie. Whenever li'is drum is heard those round take it as a sure token of the speedy dentil ol' one of the Ogilvie family. The origin of the story is that the jealousy of a. former Lord of Airlie was roused either by the drumnier or the officer whose messenger he was. In rage he thrust the man into his drum, and flung him-out of the window of the tower iu which the music is usually heard. The victim threatened, if his life were trfken, to haunt the family, and he lias- been as good or - rather as bad as his word. The music of the hapless drummer has often been heard; and quite recently, within, the memory of those living; in 1844 before the death of Lady Airlie, and in 1840 before the death of the ninth Earl. .Sped]in's Tower, now a ruined Border fortress, was long haunted by the spirit of a miller named Porteous, who, being suspected of arson, was incarcerated in (lie dungeon by Sir Alex. .Tardine. Ha" ing occasion to go away from home, he for got all about his prisoner, who per ished of hunger. No sooner was he dead than his ghost began to torment the family, and gave them no rest night or day. At last, by the aid of several ministers,) the demon was exorcised, and a Bible was placed in a niche in his cell. Years after it was thought necessary to have the Bible rebound. Accordingly it was sent to Edinburgh for that purpose. It had not been long on its way before the ghost left its dun geon, lied over the river to the new I home to which the family had recently removed, hauled the baronet and his wife out of bed, causing much terror and disturbance. Only through return ing the Bible to Its niche in its old con dition was Porteous's revengeful ghost quieted, and peace again restored. Woodhousfi Lee. the seat of the Fraser Tytlers, is visited by the spirit of Lady Hamilton, of Botbwellhaugh. Her hus band is known as the murderer of the Regent Murray at. Linlithgow in 1850, and surely 110 assassin had ever greater pro vocation. Knowing Lord Hamilton was from home, the Regent seized his house, turned his wife and child out naked into the fields ; before morn she was a raving lunatic, her infant dead, pro bably murdered, and now her restless spirit haunts the abode of her former happiness. Part of the masonry of the old building was used for the present mansion, which is built on the I'entland Hills, four miles distant from the scone of the tragedy ; and but a few yeijrs ago the domestics were terrified by the apparition of a lady robed in white holding a child lu licr arms, which shows the spectre is still faithful to her old home. The Inverary ghost is another well authenticated story, the hearse of which drives up to the door of the Castle be fore the decease of any member of the Argyll family. It is said, during the illness of the late Duchess, that two of the servants at Inverary,' while resting in the gloaming, heard the noise of wheels, unbarred the great door of the entrance-hall, and, on opening it, found nothing there. Shortly afterwards they heard of the death of their mis tress. uunvegan, the home of the Alacleods, the oldest inhabited castle of Scotland, is visited by tlioso delightful spirits fairies. There is still the fairy ting, given centuries ago to the Chief of Macleod by the fairies, and which al ways brought them victory when they took it into battle. A room In the tower is devoted to them, music and dancing arc often hoard, but all vanishes when the door is open.— " Gentlewoman." 