BRIEF MENTION IBT "Prnz."! The Right Hon. G. H. Reid, P.O., D.C.L., . Premier, and Attorney-General ! Sounds gorgeous, does it not ? And yet, will it be credited, the Chief Justice, in receiving from Attorney- General Reid. P.C., and the rest, the news of Mr. Reid's appointment (by Mr. Reid) to the office of Attorney-General, vice Want resigned, spoke as under : " 1 do not know. Mr. Attorney-General, whether it is a subject of congratulation or not ; but if it be, we congratulate you." Which might mean one of several things. Still, it is notorious that the Right Hon. gen- tleman is not, in many quarters, persona grain. Jack Want will hardly go back to the Reid fold-Federation under the Bill, or no Feder- ation. Despite special, extraordinary and Sunday issues of the Sydney papers, the war news (Spain v. America) is at present of the tamest description. There, however, seems to be a bit of a scare in America, owing to the report that Spanish warships ure approaching the Ameri- can coast. It will be remembered that, some little time ago, news came from Madrid to the effect that the 'Murkans would snatch a surprise in the early days of the war. Is it possible that the Spaniards have (figuratively) up their sleeves a submarine boat, a lu Jules Verne's imaginative vessel? The imagination of one decade becomes the accomplished fact of the next. But, then, it is all in the " mighty march of modern civilisation 1" Lord Hampden and the Local Optionists, through J. II. Knapp, the irrepressible hon. sec. of the latter, have had a passage of arms. .Knapp, the irrepressible, wrote, as may be remembered, censuring the Governor for patronising the picnic of those men of wrath, the Licensed Victualers. While his Excellency had exhibited no special sympathy with Knapp and his merry men. The Governor replied, through his private secretary, to the effect that he regarded the " bungs " as decent persons carrying on a trade licensed by Act of Parliament, and that he patronised their picnic merely as a picnic, and was by no means interested or mixed up with their political intentions. Now Knapp-who is naturally inflated because he has drawn a real live Governor into a correspondence, even though only through a gubernatorial secretary- returns to the charge, and reminds bis Excellency that the Local Optionists are wasting their sweet- ness upon the desert air, and that, though they pipe never so sweetly, the Governor refuses to dance to their music-and so on. Knapp has, in any case, gained his point. He IIRB induced the Governor, if only at second-hand, to take notice of him. Apropos, an antique chestnut: A British seaman perpetually boasted that King William IV., the Sailor King, had spoken to him. ' Cross-examined and pressed very bard, he admitted the King had kicked bim, ulteriorly, used an improper expression, and told him to " keep out of the (something) way." Not that the Governor uses BWear words, in ink at least. Yet he " gets there," as far as Knapp is concerned, juBt the same. Knapp and " George Pile" are the ghosts of the Sydney press-at least they haunt the papers. Though truth to say, George Pile appears to have temporarily, retired. We wait to hear him on the'Spanish-American imbroglio. The Federation battle continues, but whether ammunition is getting scarce, or the Sydneyites, like the Athenians of old, love to follow after new things, the fact remains that interest in the Convention Bill daily grows colder. A peculiarly "nice-nasty" case has just occupied the attention of the Banco Court here-their Honors, the Chief Justice, and Justices Stephen and Cohen adjudicating. A lawyer, on behalf of the girl's mother, applied that a rule nisi granted the previous day, Bhould be made absolute, directing a certain Sydney "financier" to show cauBe why a writ of habeas co^us should not issue directing him to deliver to custody of applicant her daughter, aged between 10 and 17 Vears. The girl had gone to the man's house to take charge of an illegitimate child. It was shown she was under no duress. Examined by the Judges, she decided to remain with the man, and as she was over 10 years, their Honors had no power to interfere. But they made some lucid remarks about the girl's position and the conduct of her " protector," asserting, more or less logically, that thc case showed the necessity for raising the age of consent to 18 years. Messrs. "Jack" Want and Bruce Smith are having a quiet brisk newspaper snarl about something that happened, or didn't happen, or should have happened, or Bhould nob have happened, several years ago. It is rather regretable that our politicians, instead of squabbling about politics or prin- ciples, squabble about themselves, under the erroneous impressions that they are superior in importance to all principles, and that the people care a tinker's cursory observation about them or their mean quarrels 1 The wreck, in the Red Sea, of the P. and O. ship China seems to have been conducted on the most modern and polite principles. When the vessel struck the ship's band played up a tune, and the passengers went gally ashore to the air of '* 'E dunno where 'e are," or its equivalent. Talking about wrecks, the terribly long winded inquiry into the loss of the Atacama bas been wound up at last, with the result that her owners and skipper are acquitted of negligence or worse. Considering that the owners had every- thing to lose and nothing to gain by the wreck, one cannot see how any other finding could have been arrived at. Meanwhile, the owners have brought a libel suit (damages at £2000) against the Sydney Bulletin. U.S.A. Consul Bell entreats, through the public press, the warriors of N.S. Wales not to oiler him their services against Spain. The offer, as these war-bitten volunteers must know perfectly well, is quite safe. The Foreign Enlistment Act, as I have before pointed out, and pointed out in other columns before the Sydney press as a whole awoke to the fact, takes good care of that. Apropos, Mr. Knapp's attempted attack upon the Governor-because the latter is a patron of the Licensed Victuallers' annual picnic-it is a noteworthy fact that, though Premier Reid is an ardent supporter on every occasion of Brother Bung, and though Dr. Reid attends Brother Bung's picnics and takes his share of the refreshments provided without a visible tremor, Knapp and his crowd of ' Local Optionists support Reid through thick and thin. Thus George Houston and the L.V. picnic £ " Long before I was a member of Parliament, when I was a member of debating clubs, and not 20 years of age, I, in our mimic fights in those debating clubs, was always a Btroné opponent of what has been called local option," Why-yes I Long live Reid and long beers 1 Very good and instructive article in "S.M. Herald " of 27th April cross-headed " Salt for Swine." Sydney police made another energetic raid upon Chinese gamblers-large capture, and respectable addition to revenue. ThuB is our morality vindicated. Meanwhile the pale-faced " tote " man and the merry burglar of European descent swing clear. For this ÍB fin dc steele civilisation I John Astor, the American millionaire, has presented his steam yacht to the U.S. Gov- ernment, and is fitting out at his own cost a battery of artillery. Also he volunteers to go with the first expedition ta Cuba. He may not be much use as a fighting man, but he, at any rate, demonstrated his patriotism by spending his money for his country. Our millionaires demonstrate their patriot- ism chiefly by hanging on to the shekels-a distinction and a difference 1 British authorities at Hongkong make American warships move on Great Britain doesn't seem to have the art of making friends and allies by judiciously stretching a point. 