GENERAL NEWS. The Cue Quarter Sessions were held yesterday morning. Mr. Cowle turned up in cap and gown as Crown Prosecutor aud the Bench was occupied by Mr. E. P. Dotrley, lt.M., chairman, and Mr. Mcchan, J.1'. AH tho jurymen summoned turned up, but there was Tery Jittlc business to be transacted. The evergreen case of Pcllow was called on, but on the application of Mr. Cowle, a voile prosequi, was entered. Henri Leyoul pleaded guilty to the charge of breaking and entering the premise^of Mr. Threadgold aiid was allotted a couple of years at I'Vemantle, where it is to be hoped the cookery will be improved to suit Mr. Lcyoul's taste, after Mr. Vesper's agitation on tbe subject" The evidence in this case was published ia full some time ago. A slight hitch has occurrcd iu the floatation of the Brilliant claims at ihe Horseshoe. An extension of time is required by the promoters in order to allow a representative of Rothchild aud Sous to report upon the leases. This expert will arrive on the 22nd. inst. Owing to the political complications in Europe the London market has been very muchdisturbed lately, and although the necessary money to cover the flotation is available, Mr. Skcrtchlcy, who is conducting matters in London, is anxious to be able to put before the investing public the report of au independent aud influential firirt Word was received at the Perth Police Slatiou on Sunday that a " ghoBt " bad been seen at the Canning. According to a report, " a iuud, attired in tights, with a white cloth about him, and largo glaring eyes," has for the past few nights been making his appearance in the dietiict at the hour of midnight, and has created sucli alarm iu the vicinity that many of the residents now keep lights burning iu tboir houses throughout the night. Practical jokers come and go, but the ghost joker seems to go on for ever. In order to capture fish a South Atnercau tribe whips the water with the wood of a tree which contains a substance hav* ing a narcotic influence on the fisb.whicb are Ihen readily caught, The annual ratepcyera meeting of the ' Cue Municipal Council was held on Tuesday night last at the Council Chambers. In the unavoidable absence of the mayor, Mr. B. C. O'Brien, who is in Geraldton owing to sickness in his family, Cr. W. Patrick oecupied the chair, and briefly reviewed the work done by the late council in the past yenr and foreshadowed the items to be taken in hand during the incoming year. The was only one ratepayer present, Mr. J. P. Campbell, and several members of the council were absent. This was due perhaps to tbe commendable punctuality with which tbe meeting commenced, a start with the business being eflected two minutes after tbe advortised time. On returning to Austin-street, some of those who attended tbe meeting were met by councillor.'; and others wending their way to ihe Council Chamber in order to put in an appearance, and one of the latter, carrying a bundle or road metal with liim, was grieved to think that he had missed the opportunity of displaying same. The Model Parliament will bo prorogued next week until a date to be fixed It is generally felt by members that it would be better not to continue the sittings during tlic Christmas! idc and the hottest mouths of the year. At the sitting last ni^ht, which was inaugurated by mi impromptu and entirely unoflicisil concert, lite Mines Bill was carried through the remaining stages, and will be presented to the President for his assent. This was not accomplished n il!i too much ease, as the opposition opposed the 2nd clause of the Bill with considerable energy, and tho voting ou a division proved to be equal. The casting vote of the chairman was, as usual, given to the " ayes " and the destruction of the second ministry was thereby avoided. The jurors and witnesses summoned for yesterday's Quarter Sessions arc requested to call at once at the office of the Clerk of Courts iu order to rcccive their fees. A priest on his return journey from England, where he has been enjoying a year'6 leave of absence, decided to spend a short time an the Murcbison, and on Sunday last assisted tho Rev. B. G. Riciiardson at Mount Siagnct and Lennonville. The priest referred to (the Rev John Iiirklaud, vicar of Colac, Vie.) is expected in Cue to night for the purpose of spending a few days with the ltev. B. G. Richardson. He will be the preacher on Sunday in St. Michael's Churcl., Day Dawn at 11, and in St. Jebn's Cbureii Cue, at half-past 7. The many friends of Mr. T. G. Sweet late manager of the Polar Star at Cue, will be pleased to learn that he has been appointed to tho management of the Australian Broken Hill Consols mine at Broken Hill. The mine is one of the best at that centre, and the appointment is understood to he one of great importance. Mr. F. C. Cowle, as agent for the owners, reports having sold an allotment of land iu Darlot-strecl to Messrs. Crooks and Brooker at a very satisfactory figure. The block is situated near ihe premises occupied by this firm at the present timo, and it is pleasing to note that this well and favourably known firm are giving substantial proof of their business intentions. Our London correspondent has been inspecting the old Newgate prison, which is shortly to be pulled dowu. Ho offers to send us a description of the prison, which will doubtless prove very interesting. The highest temperature registered at the Cue post office on Tuesday was 96.1 degrees (Fahrenheit). The highest temperature yesterday was one degree higher, vtz., 97.1 degrees. Warden Dowloy has received a notification from the Minister of Mines to the effect that the exemption applied for on the George Higinbotham lease has been refused on the Warden's recommendation. The six months exemption applied for on the Lady Forrest and Gem of the Murchison leases has been granted. The directors of the Cue Consolidated Gold Mines have issued a circular showing what has been done since the amalgamation of the Cue One, Lady Mary, and Light of Asia, and the developments since tbe statutory meeting. The stone which it has been found necessary to raise in the course of sinking new main shafts has yielded 15101 oz. from 2,927 tons, but tbis cannot be considered indicative of the general value of the ore. There appears to he plenty of ore and water in sight, and as soon as tbe disposition of the battery has been decided tbe board expect to receive regular and satis- factory returns.— Australian Mail. A notice appears in the last Governmout Gazette of the forfeiture of gold mining lense No. 92i- (Wheel of Fortune) at Peak Hill. A good story of the " things one would rather have expressed differently " type is being whispered about Gloucester. Some " crank " has been writing to tho local papers complaining that during the Festival he is not admitted to tho Cathedral free, that being a place of worship. The " crank " turned up at the Cathedral tlic other day, and was told he could not be admitted without a ticket. " Do you mean to tell mc," he excitedly argued, " that I shall require a ticket to enter the Kingdom of Heaven ?" •' Well, no," explained the polite steward! " but you won't hear Madame Albaui in Heaven." And then, when .the enormity of his remark dawned upon him, that steward turned and fled.— Bristol Times and Mirror. At the monthly meeting of the council of the W.A, League of Wheelmen held on 11th inst., Clydesdale appealed against the 12 months' disqualification imposed on him by the officials of the r;cent Cue sports meeting. On the motion of Mr. Law seconded by Mr. Wall, tbe disqualification wos reduced to two months. Now, it would be interesting to know how Messrs. Law aud Wall can know anything whatever about the circumstances of the case, and it is still more difficult tp understand the right of any Perth people to correct the decision of officials who are on the spot. It appears that while Clydesdale prepared a careful " brief" for himself, the Cue officials voro not recognised. The absurdity of the whole proceeding is obvious from the following selection from Clydesdale's allegations—" That tbe officials were biassed against Mt. Magnet riders, and that some of the officials had an interest iu some of tho riders having drawn tliem iu a Cal- cutta sweep." We are not in a position to say whether or no the latter assertion is true, but anyway it does not affect the case. Tbe first assertion is certainly untrue. Whatsoever doth happen iu the world is, iu the course of nature, as usuall und ordinarie as a rose in the spriug and fruit in summer. OS tbe sauio nature arc sicknesse and deuth ; slander aud lying iu wait, aud whatsoever else ordinarly doth unto fools, use to be oocasion either of joy or of sorrow. —Marcus Aurelius. Ou au average, the letters received for the German Emperor number COO a day. The value of salmon and trout taken in English and Welsh waters iu an average year is slightly over £150,000. Louis XIV. of France drank the first cup of coffcs made in Western Europe. Coffee was theu worth £5 16s. a lb. While the population of France remains stationary, that of Germany has increased during the last quarter of a century in a way that has startled mankind aud given the German authorities serious subjectmatter for reflection. Yet the annual income per head in Germany is far less than that in France.—London Spectator. The Government has granted tbe Lake __ Way people £200 at last. Tbe TIMES has 1 fought hatd tor the little town, 