IN THE NOVELIST. OF JIM BURROWS' PARTNER. (BY ROBERT L. JEFFERSON.) m . - mm Jim Burrows came into our camp in 57, north-west Canada one morning almost v at a run. He displayed more alacrity "I - than any inhabitant had discovered in T , him since he first landed on the gold- ie, fields two years back. He made straight for for the saloon, shouting as he went, and * " the diggers who were just then on their lx' way to the claims paused and looked a back inquiringly; hesitated certainly 'as they did and why not, for Jim Burrows sf, had never been known so excited before ? so.' He shouted, and his shouts bore an m -'- . _ vitation which knew no refusal. It was any invitation which Jim had only given out as" once before, and that was two years J before, and the invitation was precisely a similar - it was an invitation to j. X drink. "Blame me," said Bill Crossley, " but s I believe he's struck it ! But where's P his partner ?" "»- "Looking after the claim-what do v.- » you think p" said Jake Morgan " Struck it rich, of course he has Don't they all r' behave like this when they strike in" WA"' and they crowded into the saloon, and 9 Jim Burrows paid like the man he was. rs- He sat on the bar and told them the tale, A but he winked and nodded, and not a word could they gather as to where it was. He knew it, he said, and his partner was looking after it. He had a ' just come down for tucker, and then all '"-. again; and when he'd got his papers, a '. r. then he'd just invite the boys up and show them the spot He was not un- grateful, not he, and he was just going to do the thing right and proper and square; but he was not going to have any jumping, not he. He knew his at game, although he'd only been two '' 3 years at it, and now been struck it he meant to right through. " - I watched Jim Burrows interestedly, v for of all men who had come down to 2s Jacksonville, he was the last I expected to have luck. Luck is an element on all goldfields. Some men come in to-day, and may be rich to-morrow. The pioneers are the losers as a rule Jim . Burrows was a pioneer. He had discovered the region, and like a good many other discoveries, was none the better for it. He had worked as a washer for those who came after him, and though now and again he was wont to go off on his-own-account, it seemed that luck was not to be his again, for he always be . turned more morose, more gloomy than ever. Some of them pitied him, others, despised him but why the latter I could never tell, unless it is that in human nature there is only reverence for the prosperous and contempt for the poor. *»«**n*r'-AHy"way, we all drank Jim Burrows' whisky wished him the best of luck, I envied him, and went off to our own claims. Days passed, and Jim was absent. He had been down the river to the office, he said, when he returned He had got his papers, and now he would show us where it was, to over the mountains, beyond a creek, and down in a narrow gulch was Jim Burrows' claim, and a big piece he had pal called out, of a solemn truth, and experienced miners shook their heads and said there was no colour left for anyone else It was only a little twig of a stream, not a quarter of a mile long, and little wider than a ditch, and Jim and his partner had been careful enough to leave only the wash for those who liked to follow. . But we could not grumble, and filed back to the settlement, a lot of us hoping that Jim's pan would turn out all light and a good many, with thatpervelsity of human nature strong in them, half """ hoping to see him fail Day followed day and Jim and his partner, Grogan-the latter an Irishman of the mostHibernian type were absent; >-, but one day Grogan turned up with one of the longest and strangest tales we had heard for a long time. He came into the village inquiring right and left ,'' where Jim Burrows was. Share, and lied left him three days previously, and never a sight of him had he seen since Bedad, and it was too bad of him to leave him up there working alone. Colour ! It was more than they could ' carry. "Every pen was worth thirty . dollars, and he supposed Jim had gone off on a spree bad luck to him ! But Jim was not in the village, nor had anybody seen him, and Grogan was distressed. Nor did Jim appeal for five r days, or at all, and during those five days Grogan remained in camp, drinking pretty heavily, and reviling his partner for his absence. Of course, we all made various surmises as to the cause of Jim's disappearance, and all wet equally plausible there was only one thing for it, however, and that was pending his return Grogan a " should go on with the claim. And he did. He worked almost night and day, and when the sheriff came down from the town prepared to escort the bag .; back, it was freely calculated that Grogan was worth a hundred thousand -. dollars, and the claim not yet a quarter of worked out. Speculation rose as to what had be s come of Jim Burrows, and it was freely 1,' hinted that Grogan knew more than he j ' cared to tell One night a few of us went up to the claim (stealthily, it is the true and Grogan did not know we were coming. We had not disturbed him, either, and when we saw him lying full length before his tent, his face " covered with mosquitoes, and the log fire before him playing its light on his body, we just passed by, and searched amongst the diggings, for it had occurred to us that we might find the body of Jim Bur rows lying around. But we didn't, and we sneaked - back to the village as mystified as ever. The whole summer I passed and the winter came down. \-- ' : Gradually the noise about Jim grew less. %?- He'd fallen over the gulch, perhaps, and had been carried into the big river A Anyway, he was not the first man who had disappeared suddenly, and, pending A evidence, the only thing to do was to do nothing which is an expression which Grogan himself might have used J! * * * * * I was back in England. I had failed You only hear of the successful gold miners; yon don't hear much of the failures. I had spent my little all, and >> had returned to my native country not i with hopes shattered, as novelists would <* . say, but just keen on resuming my old occupation, and thinking that in that work, at any rate, there was a living, and perhaps it would be more congenial c in London than with the mosquitos of the North-Western Canada and its cold It was not a very ambitious programme for which I had mapped out for myself. Cab- driving, at the best of times, is not the sort of thing which most men would yearn for, although the box of a hansom ? ' is frequently occupied by men who once j , knew some social standing But there is something about the life which gives a fillip to existence, and even when it was hard to make the yard money, I never -A felt quite so down as when I was set up a sling vainly strugglrpg-foi a sight of 'by yellow amongst the sand of my digger's pan. ?? > Gradually, but all too surely, amidst the whirl of London life the memory of ; my experiences in Canada receded and r became duller; but all were brought back to me of a sudden one day, and that was when I was crawling along the is gutter of Piccadilly, eyes all around me if such could be the case on the chance of a fare. It was a dull, misty night in November; the streets were ''' almost deserted, and I was about flock ' ,- ring up my tired horse, so as to get to Piccadilly Circus, when I heard the hail from a club quite close, and went to it' like a shot. A tall, bearded man, well dressed,' got" into~thB~cab-a"nd gave me directions to drive to Euston station. I at once whipped up, and was soon bowling through the side streets, but as I went thoughts began to ran rapidly through my head. Where had I seen the man inside before and I had just turned into the Tottenham Court road, when like a flash it all come upon me, and I knew my fare was Grogan. The first thing that I did was to pull up, the next to get off the box, the third to tear open the doors and to shout out: " Why, Grogan, don't you know me ?" I had expected him to start forward, seize my hand and shake it, and say, '. Well. I'm blessed ! Fancy seeing you here !" But he did nothing of the sort. He simply stared hard at me, and said -. "What is the name of Heaven do you call this Are you drunk ? My name's not Grogan. Get on to Euston !" I was knocked back, as you might say for I saw" I had made a mistake. I apologised as well as I could got upon my box again, and in a few minutes was saying, "Thanked for the half crown which my fare handed me. Though it was not Grogan, yet during the rest of that night I could think of nothing but him. It was certainly a remarkable likeness, anyway, and the more I thought the more vividly came back my memory of the times in the goldfields and. Jim Burrows and his claim, and of Grogan and his partner. Days passed, and the little incident began to have less interest for me. But one day, perhaps a week later, I was driving near the Marble Arch, when who should I see but my fare walking along towards the gates. I looked at him intently, and now I felt sure that I had made no mistake. I whipped off the box, caught hold of a newspaper boy told him to look after my horse's head, and the next moment had turned and followed the man. I reached him in a few strides, passed him, faced about and looked him square. Yes, it was he there was no mistaking him this time it was Grogan, and as I looked at him I saw his face turn pale and his jaw drop. " Come, Grogan," said I, " it's you after all. Well, I Suppose that now you are a rich man, you have forgotten your old companions of the diggings êh P" He gasped, and I saw him turn as if about to run, but I caught his arm and held him. He looked around hurriedly. "What do you want with me ?" he said in thick stones. " Shure, and what- do you want to talk to me about diggings for ?" His eye ran rapidly over my costume, and lighted on the metal badge which dangled from my buttonhole. " Ah, yes," he said, " I remember. You have-your cab here ?". I jerked my thumb over my shoulder. " You will drive me to my club ?" I nodded. "And," said he, " I will tell you all." I said no more, and in a few minutes I was driving my old companion of the mines to his club. " You will come inside ?" said Grogan, when he had alighted. " I can't leave the cab," said I : " but " and I looked him squarely in the face -" I will take to the yard, and will join you in ten minutes." And I did' and in a quarter of an hour or less was seated with Grogan in a private room, and listening to one of the most outlandish stories that ever I had heard. Grogan started off by reminding me of the disappearance of Jim Burrows from the settlement. " And," continued, he, " I know very well that some of the boys thought that I had had a hand in his disappearance. Let me tell, you straight now that there was nothing of that sort of thing. Jim was gone one morning when I woke up, and I thought that he had gone down to the village. What else could I think of P I waited two days for him, as you know, and-he didn't turn up. I came down to the village, and he wasn't there. Where was he Nobody could tell me. I went back to the claim and worked it. I worked for nine months, and you left, -I think, just before I did just before I sold the property and came to England. But let me tell you what I did. I made £150,000 out of that claim, and my first action when I got to England was to put £75,000 aside." '. What for?" T interrupted. " For Jim Burrows, and I will tell you why. TWTnfBP every one year to the very day on which Jim Burrows left me, I saw him come straight into my room, sit down before me, and talk to me just as he did on the night he left me. Terrified? Share, and I was thirty for I thought it was a ghost before me. Jim spoke to me, asked me about the claim, and then he spoke up, and told me that he belonged to him. and I said yes, it did. ' And you will keep it for me P' said Jim and I promised him I would. Promised him, I say ; but it was a ghost I was speaking to. I know it was a ghost, for I could see through him and though I heard his voice, it seemed to come to me from the air, and not from human lips. When I went over to him to see whether I was right or not, Jim Burrows had vanished. " Now, you will laugh at me, perhaps, and think that I have been brooding over Jim's disappearance so much that my brain has gone a bit ; but exactly one year from that very night I was in Paris. I was walking down the Champs Elysees, when suddenly I found some- one walking beside me, and heard a voice in my ear. It was the voice of Jim Burrows. " You have not forgotten said he, " that half that claim is mine ? You will keep it for me, won't you, old man I will keep it for you.' I said and then we got into a crowd, and I saw no more of him. That very night when I got home, I drew out my cheque-book, and I wrote out a cheque, payable to the order of James Burrows, for £75,000, and see here;" and Grogan pulled out his pocket-book and extracted from it a slip of paper, which he handed to me. It, was a cheque made payable to the order of James Burrows for the sum of £75,000. When he will come for it, God knows. I have tried every means in my power to find out something about him, who his people are, but I can't. Over in Canada, every commissioner. every sheriff on the diggings has got my address, and if Jim Burrows comes back-well, there's his money." This was, indeed, a peculiar time, but more was to follow and here I put it on record that Grogan acted towards me like the gentlemen I did not think he was. £75,000 is not a heap of money in these days of millionaires ; but Grogan had invested his well, and was in business, and I threw up my cabling and went in with him, and I changed my opinion of him right away. About six months passed, and the month of June arrived. Grogan came into the office on the morning of the sixth day, and asked me to follow him. I went into his private room, and we sat down. The door was closed, and then Grogan spoke : "Do you know what the 6th of June is ?" asked he. '. The 6th of June, I replied. " And do you know what the 6th of June was four years ago ?" I pondered for a moment, and then remembered. " Yes, the day when Jim BUITOWB disappeared. "That's why I have called you in," said he "because I feel as certain as I am sitting here that--" There was a knock at the door, and in answer to the peremptory " Come in," a clerk appeared. v " A gentleman to see you, sir." "I am too busy -to see any one," said Grogan. " But star-who is he ?" "He will not give his name, sir. He wants to see you on private business." \- - ? Grogan looked up, and his gaze was fixed nine:- - ''Can it best he muttered and then turning to the clerk, said, in a loud voice, show him in;-' and the next moment there walked into our presence Jim Burrows in the flesh-no ghost and as he came I saw no shiver or star b on the face of Grogan, I simply saw him take out his pocket-book, extract the cheque, and while Jim Burrows was holding out his hand and saying, " Shake, old partner," Grogan shook his hand, and between them they clasped cheque for £75,000. " What's this I" said Jim. '" Your share of the claim, Jim." " What ! the claim upon Canada ?" " Yes - £75,000. We cleared £150,000 out of it. We went in partners, and there is your share." Jim looked bewildered, and ran his fingers through his hair. I don't understand," he said, " what it all means. I deserted you because do you know why, Grogan I found a claim better than ours, and I went up over the hills to work it. I deserted you because I had found another El Dorado, and I didn't want you to share in it; but I went there without food, and though I worked, and worked, what could the colour bring me? Only the sight of wealth, but not a speck of food. For three days I worked like a madman, digging out great nuggets of the stuff and lying there mound. Then I really went mad - mad with hunger, and I wandered off south trying to find you trying to find the village and I remember no more until a few weeks ago, when I found myself in a madhouse in San Francisco, and they told me that I was known as the mad tramp who had walked all over the States, and who had come to San Francisco " They locked me up, and there I remained all those years, until my reason came back and I remembered all. What did I do ? Straight back to Canada I went, to find our old village deserted, the claims exhausted, everybody gone. Then I thought of the El Dorado I had discovered, and which I had deserted you for I got up a caravan and went to search for it. and though I searched for it day in and day out I could not get a sight of it, for I had forgotten where it was. And I came south again, and as luck would have it, I came on a mining camp, and they told me all about you and where I should find you, I came straight here to ask your forgiveness for deserting you as I did, and this-this " She looked at the disque, and I saw his eyes were swimming with tears-" this is what you do bi-weekly Budget." 