. POLITICAL POINTS. REMEMBER '91! Hvory protectionist canaidn.to.aml ovory recreant frootrador should bo rejected as a menace to tho Federal causo and a disguised apostlo of restric tion. This Is why '91 should bo remembored. Mr. Barton, in 1891, sank tho fiscal Issue for Federation, but when ho got Into Parliament ho sank Federation for protection. LiBten to these ghosts of tho past l'or proof : — Mr. Barton at tho hustings nomination In 1891:— "Ho was a protectionist, but ho sot Fcdoratlon above tho fiscal policy." Four months later he was In a protectionist Go vernment. Ho nover afterwards seriously at tempted to deal with Federation. Mr. Barton In 1891:— "Any man' whom ho supported In a Ministry must bo a Fcderattonlst first." It was only four months afterwards that he was Attorney-General under Sir George Dibbs, whom ho liad stigmatised as an anti-Federatlonlst. Mr. Barton In 1S91: — "His heart was in this work (Federation)." In four months ho throw It over, and embraced protection. I Mr. Barton In 1S91: — ' "Ho was tn a perfectly Independent position in this contest, having come, out solely in support of Federation." Ho joined a protectionist Government tn four months, and beyoml proposing some visionary resolutions (and not proceeding with them) be did nothing for Federation. ' Mr. Barton after Ills election In 1891: — "Disagreeing ns ho did on the fiscal question With many of tho electors, ho had been chosen as i tho friend of peace and not of discord, tho friend of union anil not of disunion." It took hlra exactly four months to ally himself with a Government that absolutely discarded Federation. ' Mr. Barton In 1S91: — ' "They had conferred upon htm tho noblest posi tion In thoir power, the election of him, a protec tionist, In so strong a freetrade constituency." ' This Is precisely what ho is aiming at to-day. Tbo freetrade constituency elected him because ho had promised to stand to Federation. Ho stood to it for four months. Mr. Barton at the declaration of tho poll In 1891:— "For anything that he could do iu the future they had only the baro word of an honest man; but tf that baro word had not been broken In tlio past, ho would tako caro that it was not broken in tho future." Ho. nobly and resolutely kept to his word — for tour months. i Mr. Barton In 1891: — '.'Ho was a protectionist, but the. destiny of Australia was a greater question than any other that could como upon tjie political sky." 1 In four months after election on this pro- erammo ho somersaulted back to protection. Mr. Barton at tbp declaration of tho poll In 18(11:— "Above all petty questions, above all things else, they now saw tho first dawn of the fair day of Australian union." Tt Is coming only now, seven years later. It did not como in 1891, because four months aftor this, burst of eloquence Mr. Barton abandoned Federation for protection. 1 Mr. Barton aftor election In 1831 : — ' "The question of Federation will be seen now In its true light." But it never was seen. Mr. Barton turned over to protection four months later, and then throw Fcdoratlon aside until It was made a llvo Issue somo years later by Mr. Reid. ! Mr. Barton aftor the poll in 1891: — "It was tlio nobility with which they had an- "ewered to tho call of Australia first." Mr. Barton proved fnlso to his pledges, and .went over to protection within only tour months. ' Mr. Barton interviewed after his election in 1891:— "During the election I made no secret of my in tention to give no voto which would place in power any enemy of tlio national cause." Precisely within tour months bo was Attornoy- , '" General in a protectionist Administration, pro posing and fighting for protection. 4 Mr. Barton in tho same interview: — "I shall act with the single object of furthering tho achievement of Federation." All that lie did was to propose a few odd reso lutions into one night, and discard the subject. Ho was too earnestly engaged In beating off at tacks on bis protectionist policy to risk ofilcc for Federation. Mr. Barton on the bill of 1891: — "Thcro was not a Constitution more liberal and democratic than that one." He said tho same of tlie bill of 1S98. About 90 por cent, of (lie Conservatives arc protectionists. | Ninety per cent.! Tlie remaining 10 per cant., which includes Mr. Wise, Mr. B. Smith, Mr. D. Thomson, and 'Mr. I-'. Morton, aro more dangerous still. Eveiy freetrader who Is running Willi tlm pro tectionists is In alliance with a party v?1ioso leader, Mr. Lyne, openly declares that he will not sink the fiscal issue. Mr. Lyne Is candid, straightforward, and posi tive. He told the electors of Dnrllngton that alt he would do would bo to allow tlio fiscal question to "remain In abeyance" until bo saw what be came of Federation. As lliore Is no hope of New South Wales ac cepting such an anti-Liberal, anil-democratic Federation as Mr. Barton and his Torv allies will secure, tile fiscal question must como to tho front If tlie protectionist reactionaries aro re turned to power. The present Prctnior lins hod the audacity to succeed whore envious tongues predicted dis aster. Here we have one secret of (lie combination gainst htm. Tlie freetrado supporters of tlio protectionist reactionaries are seeking to hurl the Government from ofilcc out of revenge tor tho 3rd of Juno. Tills is done under the tliin disguise of Fedora- tlon. ___________ 