Terrible Burning Accident. A Sydney Man Falls on a Hot Steam Pipe in a Bath. His Flesh Adhered to the Pipe Like a Steak to a Frying-pan. An Awful Sight. Whilo in a hntli in Pitt stroot, a Mr. Jarvis had tho miufortuno to slip and fall on tho hot water pipos, and before he could he rescued lio wus scalded and burnt in a tcrriblo way. Tlio shook of tho burning uud tlio full proved to bo very disastrous to Mr. Jarvis, and for u number of yours after ho was a confirmed in- valid, suffering terribly from locomotor ataxia nnd othor forms of paralysis. A few mouths sgo, however, reports began to ho circulated ill tho neighbourhood that Mr, Jurvis wus getting rouud again, and that ho had had n most marvellous recoren' from this apparently inourable malady. It was on aocoant of theso rnmonra that, a special reporter from tlio Sydney Worker was despatched to got nil information regard ing snmo, nnd one afternoon ho miulo liis wuy to liis house, 45 Grown luuo, Ultimo. Mr. Tims. Jarvis was dis- covorod nursing a two-year-old baby, anil his face dcolured hnn ono of the happiest men iu Sydney. lie wns up and ubout, and able to answer tlio knook at tho door. Although pale und beuring still it few marks of a qriticnl illness und a period of pain, it was voty clear tliatlio was tin invalid no inoro. In reply to tho preliminary questions he said : " Yon want to know all ubout my case ? Well, I am glad of nn opportunity to tell you. Tho facts may he of value to thoso who are stricken as I was." " How long woro you suffering P" ' "Well, twelve months ugo I got so hnd that I lind to leave off work, and I liuve dono nothing sinoo then. About fivo years ago next OhristmuR I met with an accident. I was badly scalded whilo taking a bath in Pitt stroot, Sydney. Sinoo the accident I have lioen in failing health, nnd uftor four years of gradual development of tlio malady I was forced to givo up my billot at tlio Glebe Island." " What woro tho symptoms f" "Simply indescribable. The pains were something torrilile. They wore just about as muoh ns I could bear. Thoy wero for all tho world liko ns if a saw woro ontting my lioues in two in every part of mo. I liad no oontrol ovor. my bowels or bladder, nnd was a nuisance to myself and every one clso. I was incessantly shivering and slinking, and could noitlior oat nor sloop. ,On tho 23rd March -last ,1 savir a well known' (looter, und' he told mo that my bnso was utterly hopeless. Howovor, ho gave moan ardor to tho Director of Oharitablo Institu tions.!1 " Did yon mnko nso of tlio order ?" "No; Icumohomo and wont to bed, and havo been pretty woll in bed ovor sinco. Fivo weeks ugo I could not walk across tho floor ; in foot, I could not got out of bed. I folt then tliut it-was nil over with mo, und only a question of days wlion I would givo up the ghost. My (lootor wns attending mo, und did all ho coulu, by opium and morphia pills, to eiiso tlio agony I was in. I was under liiin for fivo or six wuelts. Ho camo to tlio eon- elusion that I wus suffering from locomotor ataxia, or' progressive locomotor ataxy, n diseuso of tlio spinal ohord, eluu-uotcrisod by peculiar disturbances of guit, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. Ho told mo that I might lust for ten years, and that I might never, got tho use of my legs. (Just then tho patient kiuked his legs about with energy- to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) "Woll, just us a drowning miui will grasp at a straw, I grasped at un idea convoyed by tho advertisement des cribing tho euro effootcd in tho cuso of nnothor boiler-maker in England, which I road in tho Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' l'inlt Pills for Palo Pcnplo. I road in the advortisomont of a oaso -which soomod to fit my own. I dotcrininod to give tlio pills a trial anyway, uud scut for a box. Tho offcot was as marvellous us it wns magionl. I wns nblo to cat and sleep as though nothing wns the 'mutter with me. It was tho first nppotito and rest I lind for many a day. It wus incredible. I immodlatoly loft tho bed und was nblo to movo ubout. You seo tlioso orutohes there? Thoy are perfectly now, and I liavo novbr used tlioin. 'Tlioy woro mndo for mo before I got Dr. Willinms' Pink Pills, hut I wns too weak to uso them, and now I don't want them." "Ho is 100 por oont hotter," said Mrs. Jarvis, who liud oomo in nnd tnken the hiiby onhorknnoB. "Tho Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Pooplo have saved liis lifo, and iiiudo another man of him." A friond who oiillcd in nt this point said flint Jarvis lookod ton yoarsyoungor that day than lio did q fortnight previous; "I can now," oontinucd Jarvis, "lmvea cold hath, and nil tho fooling lias eoino hack into my legs. I nsoriho all tho ohnngo and benefit to Div Williams' Pink Pills. They havo saved my lifo. I am in no pain now, whatever, and fool like u now man. On the uutuinlpicco thoro is a box of opium and .morphia pills which tlio dootor gnvomoto denaon tlio oxoruoiiiting pain. But tlioy can stay where thoy aro, for I no longer need them. Evoiybody who knows me lias been amazod at tho change in me. Thoy can hardly boliovo their eves. My being about ugniti has caused quite" it sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, nnd it con firms what is said in all tlio chief newspapers of this country of tho nBtonisliing euros wrought by Dr. Williams' riulc Pills for Pain Pooplo. 'Thoy cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, und spinal disease, also tho many .disorders which nriso from an impoverished Btinto of tho blood, such as nmcmiii, pale uinl sallow comploxion, genornl muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tho hack, nervous head- (ujic, &0. Mr. J. 8. T. M'Gowon, loader of the labour party in tlio N.S.W. Legislativo Assem bly, was seen by . our reporter in con- nootion with tlio remarknhlo oaso of Thomas Jarvis. Ml'. M'Gowon says 1m lias known Jarvis from infimoy. IIo also know thnt lio hnd to givo up liis work nt Gloho Island nhuttoirs twelvo months ago owing to a malady which lio developed. Ho nftorwarils liourd thut Jurvis wus hedriddon, and tlmt tliero was littlo ohnnco of ids recovery. He understood Jurvis was refused admission to Sydney Hospital, us his cuso hud been pro nounced iiiourublo. Mr. M'Gowon was, therefore, liko everyone oIho who leuow tlio facts, astounded nt tho complete recovery of Jurvis. Tlioso wonderful pills nro obtiiinnblo from leuding olicmiste, or from tlio Dr. Williams' Mcdicmo Co., Diirrngh's Buildings, Queen- streot, Brisbane, who will forward, past paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, ono box for 2h. Ud,, or half a dozon for 10s. 3d. Seo that tlio genuino Dr. Williams' are gotten. 