MURDEB WILL OUT. THE 3IJSSIXG SHEPHERD. By G. B. BARTON. During the lively times of 1854, a shepherd on the "Tea-tree Station," on Lokf Korangnmitc, was missed. He was an Eng lishman, named Thomas Brookhouse; rather a small, spare man, nearly 50 years old, with a very noticeable cast of feature. No one who spoke to him could foil to observe his projecting jaw, and the difficulty he Bome times had in holding his short clay pipe in his ntoulh when lie smoked, owing to the loss of a tooth on each side qf the under jaw. The nrmner of his walk, too, waB peculiar, being that of a man who always turned his toes in. For a shepherd he was particu larly attentive to his "get- up," which usually consisted of a blue woollen shirt over a cotton striped one, corduroy trousers^ o silk handkerchief, tied in a sailor's knot, round his neck, and laced boots, worn higher up on the leg than usual. On cold rciiny days he donned a sou'-wesler and a pilot coat, relies of the time when he wus a ; s »i'.or. His hut was kept very tidy, and he had no companions but his dog, which was always at his heel*. I A shepherd of that time, who took BO | much eare of himself, was not likely to give way to drink, even when he got liis cheque; j ar.d no one about Colac ever saw Tom ' Brookhouse much the worse for it. Nor ; was it Lkely that such a man would neglect his sheep. Ton) was noted for his care of them. He had a flock of fattening wethers in lite charge; citid happening to miss some on several occasions he sj>oke to the shep herds on a neighbouring ran about them, asking if they had got into their flocks. Wliile talking with one of these men, named 5hsrp, he said that he suspected the sheep had been killed by another shepherd on the Tea-tree run-Paddy Geary,^\yho lived with his wife qftd three children ^bout a mile and a half away. Tom did not Relish the idea of being oalfed to account for cheep th.it somebody dse had made away with. Having rnatJe-Up his mi ad.-4^ watch Geary, he went np <o Geary's hot even ing and found his %kitm:njg a thorp. Seeing thst it was one of his flock, he taxed Geary, with having taken that and other aheep : which had been missed from time to time,! : and be wound up by saying, "Geary, if you j don't leave off this i'il see you sweat fori it." Then he went into the hut, sat by the fire, and began smoking. Brookhouse and Geary had been some years on the run to gether, and had got on fairly well with j each other, never having had any serious ; qcirrei. Little suspecting the mingled rage ! and fear his words had caused in Paddy's mind, he sat smoking, untri he was felled by a blow from the back of an axe on the right side of hie head. It fractured the skull, and he fell dead. He was then : struck twice on the left side of the head and once on the chest. j Alarmed at the consequences of his own ' mad set, Geary thought to conceal the crime by burning the body: but, changing [ bk mind, he called to his wife, Margaret, who had nuiied out of the hut in horror at what she had seen, and told her to bring ^ him a bng. When she had brought one ho ' pat the body in, then saddled and bridled \ bU horse, and told her to lift the bag np j to him, so that be might put it before him | on the saddle. Then be rode any till be ! came to a large stony rise, about a mile and ! a half from his hat. Dismounting there, he ; removed the stones and earth lying on the ; surface for a apace la rjre enough to make 1 a grave, placed the bag and body in the j hole, and cohered them over Kith stones > sufficiently, as he thought, to prevent their " being seen by anyone posing by. There was not tsucb dunce of strangers making thfiir appearance oa the ran then; if one; were ero in the mbtm of two or three j months his arrival nt ctmtideTtd qnite an j eresL | Kext dtj Tom Brookhoaae'a flock, being \ left to tfeemaelves, broke cp into mohe, acd j got scattered- lie firsi person to notice 1 thea eras Sharp- Wondering what toald be the matter, he wect orer to T«n'i hat 1 to see if he iru there, bat there tru bo | trace of Tom. Tie breakfast things were j <n the table-a tin teapot, an earthenware 5 basin, a knife, and half a loaf of bread. j Everything looked as if he had jut gone j out for the day. His dog waaihere, aad! when Sharp went op to the don1 H howled ; land ran aTrar. While Sharp was looking! about the place Geary appeurd, aad said j he had been to the hot fer noae mutton, j hat Tom was not is; he lad gone to Cbbe \ n day or two ago, and was probably drink- j Inc. "I an patting b» ahcep together,**] he added. This seemed inch a natwml ex planation that Sharp an latkfied. j \- But at Ton did sot torn sp next day i hoe absence was reported to hia employer,1 3dr. Hugh Murray, who sent inforioatke to Sergeant Leek, at Oaht A abort in-j qairy atkbd Leek that the Biisijigia had not been at any cj the jnUfdnaM^ so, j taking a constable with him, be rode est, to the station. They carefaUy tntisiMd < Tea's hut for a dae, bat nothing corid be foond. The seneaat aad hl» man then rode to Geary's. When they were within thirty nrdc they cot of their bono, sad Leek, leavinr on in charge of the cooatabjy i walked up to the hat. Mrs. Gesnr w* there, and after nw talk with her he tamed-to ga. A» be eaaae oat be met her " and * . »«.» went m, white U& went I roand to the bark- A waste or two after t wards Leek heard the eoopfe inside tatidnc i ia angry tones. UiaGeuyc ' * * , foHnd Geur t&-thedmr. 'w . Viy'' always angry; Idon't know whatlodo^S him. TUra Bhe brake out. into an song. After a whHeXeek mid good-bye aS rode away. He tad some ide5 in MJ as to what bad beome of Tom, but at tt2 stage mere suspicion could not count for much. His professional instinct tnM v. SaWMaJfe1**?«Jfi The news of J&rookhouse;'s strange disan. nearanceformed the subject of eager bS jation. Opinion was divided, some ho?£ that he had gone off on his own accord as Gcaiy always said; and othere that he Lad been put away by Bomeone who had a grudge against him. Among the men wli« thought this was a shepherd named Wilw" employed on a neighbouring run, who knew Tom well. A day or-two before Tom was missing he had paraed^ Wilson's hut, and stopped for a chat, He said he had just come from Colac, and -was going home: and having brought two bottles of grog with him, he asked Wilson and his wife to haw a nip. They went in for the purpose, and during their conversation he Biroke about Geary killing hie sheep. He said nothing that led tbem to suppose he had any in. tention of leaving the station. Three or four days after this meeting Geary rode un to Wilson s hut, and, seeing him at the door "Go°dday " to "wtich Wilson replied! ^ PP.?dF»Jhav? Foo heard anything of old Tom? ."Begad, I have not," he said whereupon Wilson remarked sharply, "Yon beggar, you murdered him." Geary changed colour, but made no answer, and rode off. Among the pcraonB. who joined in the search was John Lamont, sheep fanner who was staying with Mr. Murray. Be knew Tom well, having seen him pretty often on the run. He rode out to the War rion Hills, and as it was late in the evening when he returned, he called at Geary's, and passed the night there. The conversation naturally turned on the one topic, but the gist of it might be summed up in two lines. "Geary, I wonder what has become of Brookhouse?" To which the reply was, "f think he has left this part of the country." Local opinion gradually settled down to the conclusion that Tom had gone off to another part of the country. A fresh shep herd was taken on in his place, and became tenant of the hut, and owner of the dog, which had, as the men said, gone howling about the run "like a wild blackfellow." The Gearys remained for some months, much suspected, and quarrelling more than ever. Paddy then left, giving due notice, and get ting nis cheque; but when he went he did not take Mrs. Geary with him, and the talk was that he had deserted her. Mrs. Wilson, having a mind to take Geary's hut, went over to have a. gossip with Mrs. Geary about it. "Why are vou leaving, Mra. Gearv?'' she asked. "I can't stop in it any longer, Mis. Wilson, and I wouldn't advise vou to live in it either." "Why not? What's wrong with it?" "Well, to tell you the truth, I think it is hannted. Can't sleep a wink in it." "Oh, nonsense, Mrs. Geary; ghosts wouldn't come to such a place as this." "Wouldn't they? That's all you know about it." Changing the topic, Mrs. Wilson asked, "Why did Paddv leave you?" "The mordering vagabond; I could hang him if I liked!'' Mrs. Wilson shared her "husband's suspicions, but, feeling that she stood on delicate ground, she did not press the subject, and went her way. After Geary's departure tbere was nothing left to remind people of Tom, and the question of his fate came to lose in terest even among those who had known him best. Geary went to live at Colac, where he remained long enough to become veil known. He did not live with his wife; die went with her children-two girls and i a boy-to one of her friends. i Geary, after be left Colac, roamed about f Towards the end of 1S6S, or 14 years after ; the disappearance of Brookhouse, he went to Piney Range, 35 miles from Albury, on ! a run belonging to. Patrick Murphv. He 'gave his name as John Geary. There he ; met an 0M chum, Tom Lrnch, wbo bad : known him at Limerick, »n the old countiy, laud afterward* in Tasmania, where both '. were assigned servant*. ... One day Lynch happened to hear Murphy speak of Geary u John, and in the erening when they wo* mnolrtn; in Geary's hut, he eaid, "Pat, what's yonr reason for changing your name?" Their old acquaintance made Geary a good deal mare confident.'*! than be «oold have bees with a stranger, and, besides that, Up of the eldeti time o»a»Uy regarded it ac a point of hoBoar net to be tray confidence. They were in the habit of boutfng a boat the crime* they bad com mitted, rather likiat to paint tbemsefres u deejwnte and abtntoud villains. Under the influence of old association*, Geary pro ceeded to nnbOsom himarif. relating the warder of the shepherd exactly as it took place, and the w""Mr in which be bad disposed of the body. Lynch advised him to keep ti*, secret sore carefnliy, or be vwdi art 'Safe JmAie. Geary, so £ir fcoa Wtt^aliMigij^^tuKKoQr to wfcothooght tee Gtorr »-sin. ; Towama the ead of Angast, 18®, a stone maaoa wuned BaS was eaaptoyed bv Air. 4*drrw M array - «hua brother Hofb to itlia*4t»d-4ASu3itoK vdi3 on the Ta . tree noynotfar "from tie «te of Geanra , hut-it liad been kaocicd down. Be j had a boy of thirteen with Kim, a stepson, ; wbo ammei himreit Iqr jckBDg the rabbits ; that abased thHrorii'tl anwog the pass and Mtwh. One nlibtt, happening to iw» j into a heap ofctoae* on * !»» rise, se )f^wedit,aiid}|urriu«inkedthep!ace,be ! began tolbmr wtw looae atone* frm t the Ion. Hehad not Arm aoor away f before he saw t eoAtr «f bow*, ana, pi« nm « pM art to m Wteiw iirM »* tte bone^* j BaB rair im at mtif. ind after be had «. anaiaed them, ani riMcj the aknll epf*fJ (where it had beenfbesd, he pw«*<W to the honue statkn, cod hismd Jfe Mor A momeagtr ww oramptlr sent to the at the same time, one mor6 severe than the others. On putting the broken pieces of the skull together, it appeared that the de ceased had a projecting jaw, two teeth in the lower jaw-bone were wanting, and had been BO before his death. Part of the breast-bone, and a rib-bone had been broken at or about the same time that the skull was broken. The fractures bad been made with an instrument having a flat surface, such as the back of an axe. The leg-bones, which were uninjured, showed that the deceased was either knock-kneed or walked with his toes in. fragments of clothing found with the bones were examined under a micro scope, and taken to be the remains of ia sou -wester and pilot coat. , This evidence left no doubt that the re mains were those of the missing- shepherd. The jury, after hearing all the evidence, brought in a verdict of wilful jnurderagainst Patrick Geary, whose whereabouts was then unknown. . ? ? The inquiries of the police might have proved' unavailing but for 'the newspapers. The report of the inquest was paragraphed by most of the Victorian journals, and one, the "Advocate," chanced to catch Murphy'a eye. He was instantly reminded by what he read of the conversation he had had with John Geary twelve or fourteen months previously. Geary was still on the run. It now struck Murphy that'thef-e was a good deal more in Geary's yairn than he had aus Cccted. Next time hornet the man he told im what he had xead. -The news seemed to upset Geary, but he 'said nothing, and went off to his hut. Next morning Geary, presented himself at the home station, and j asked to see Murphy;, At this time he had! a claim for Wages, and ajab far the price ! of a horse'and cart, amounting altogether to over £120. Supposing that Geary had come to talk about his money, Murphy walked out with him until Geary stopped; short, and said, "Mr. Murphy, I want you to do me a good turn." At the same time he put his hand in his pocket, and drew out a pocketbook. "I expect to be taken every aajyand for fear that anything should j happen to me, I want you to look after my sou. Murphy replied-"Geary, I will have nothing to do with you or your book. I should recommend you to go in to Father M'Elroy at Albuiy; he is a holy man, and he will be the beat to advise you- I will lend you a horse for the purpose." Geary seemed excessively disappointed. He said that he would see the priest, and soon after he rode aivay to Albury. On his return next day he asked for a settle ment of his claim. . Murphy gave him two bills for £50 cach and a cheque for the balance. When the second bill became due it was not met at the bank, eo Geary sued for the money, and also for the amount of a note of hand he had received for the horse and cart at the time they were sold. Their price had been included in the bills, but Murphy had forgotten to get back the note of hand. Thinkicg that Geary would not go on with the action, he took no steps to defend it,, and suffered judgment to go by default. A lawyer's letter demanding immediate payment annoyed him so much that he said, "I will put Geary io gaol, for murder." He kept his .word oy giving in formation to the Albury police, which led to Geary's arrest. This was in February, 1871\. Geary was remanded to Colac iq. March. While in charge he told the police that Murphy owed him over £100,.ana that that was the cause of bis getting up the case against him. When he was searched a letter was found on him signed "Mangaret Geary," written from "Happy Valley, Ballarat, and dated July 16,1*$0. Mra. Ueary was soon traced, nrrested. and brought up-with her husband at Colac. When.Dc- liood had the skull in his hands, and was explaining .the frac tures, she got excited, and cried out, "Geary, you murdered poor old Tom. I put him before you on the saddle. Your worships, I helped* to put him on the saddle to save my own life." Geary contented himself with raying, "The woman's de lirious; don't mind what she Bays/' They were committed for trial at the Criminal Sessions in Melboarnc. The ease came on in November before Judge Pobl man (then an acting Supreme Court judge). Mr. Travera Adamson conducted the prose cution, wMle Mr. Hickman Moles worth appeared for Geary and Mr. Sirr for the wife, who was indicted as an accessary after the fact. Counsel made the best de fence possible, but. Geary's own admission, added to the circumstantial evidence, were loo much for him. But for those admis sions, the judge said, in pawing sentence, the jury would have fountfth? case difficult to deal with, the identification of the body, not being positive. When Judge Pohlman pronounced the final words, "May the Locd have mercy on your «oid!" Geary was heard to say, "Amen; this is the last of poor. Patrick." He was executed in December. The wife w»s acquitted; 