Drama. Her Majesty's Theatre closed on Saturday night with the final performance of the Knight-Ferrac Company in ' Harbour Lights' and will not reopen until the Boring Night production of the ' Forty. Thieves.' The dramatic company 60 strong left for New Zealand the same night. Mr. Cyril Keightley will take many of Mr. Mervale's 'parts during the tour, and Mr. Oily Deeriug. Miss Julia Merton, and Miss Matters are now with the company. Mrs. maesmore Morns Has been sent on to the No. 2 company at ? Hobart, and will presently go on to try her luck on the English stage. In New Zealand the Knight- Ferrar company will stage the ' Taming of the Shrew,' with Miss Ferrar as Katherme and Mr. Knight as Petruchio, and there will probably be other Shakespearian revivals later, which we will see. For the first time in about a generation Australia will this year have only two pantomimes— at Her Majesty's, Sydney, and the Alexandra, at Mel bourne (where ' Jack and the Beanstalk ' is to be put on). The principals and many of the chorus and ballet for the ' Forty Thieves ' came up from Melbourne at the end of last week, and are now hard at work at the ' Firm'B ' Sydney house under Mr. Williamson's personal supervision. Messrs. Gor don and Goateher have had the scenery in hand, and it is described as gorgeous. Mr. Arthur Adams has re-written much of tUe book, and Mr. Pack and Mr. Caron are responsible for the music Mies Pattie Browne ib to play Ganem, Mr. Colemau Ganem's mother, Mr. Berkley bis father, Miss Vol lugi the sweetheart Haidee, Miss Carrie Moore Mor giana, Mr. Sweeney ib to be Lieutenant of the Forty, and the diminutive Gulliver is of couree to be ' in it.' There is to be an ' Anglo-American parade,' in which the chief . feature will be a *? corn and poppy ballet,' and there are to be tableaux repre senting the disturbances at Trafalgar, Omdurman, Santiago, and Manila, probably suggested by the success attending the battle tableaux in the ' Royal Divorce.' Our Sydney Christmas attractions, headed by the pantomime, will include ' Robbery Under Arms,' going still as strong as ever at the Criterion : the pre sent bier bill at the Tivoli, the fine performance of the Jubilee Singers at the .Palace ; ' Carmen,' with Lilian Tree as prima donna, at Che Lyceum ; Hollo way and ' When London Sleeps ' at the Royal ; and the minor shows at the Alhambra and standard, at the last ' of which the Coppin company is still playing. Besides these are the perennial exhibitions at the Polytechnic, the Cyclorama, &c.; Miss Peggy Pryde is back again at the Tivoli, Where she got a great reception on her reappearance. Mr. Leete has got at Mr. Eickards' Sydney house a very strong bill for the holidays, including the Phil* lipe and Lorenzi pantotnunists and dancers, .Cora Caselli, the contortionist marvel, Ajax, and various other attractions, including a most ludicrous bur lesque of the strong nun SampBon by Faring. Mr. and Mrs. Hickards have gone over to tour with the variety company he his now in New Zealand. Mr. M' Vicars left for New v.ork by the Mariposa on Monday. He has proved himself while with the Pattie Browne company to be an excellent actor, a good stage manager, and he is in addition a fine athlete. Of late the kmematogiaph manufacturers and providers of films 'have established theatres in their factories wherein little plays and scenes from plays are performed for the purpose of reproduction by Mnematograph. The Polytechnic proprietary has now introduced several of the little dramas, and an exhibition of them was given last week. They included scenes from 'Cinderella,' « Faust,' ^%he Corsican Brothers,' scenes with a hypnotist, and bo on, in which ghosts were made to appear and people were made to vanish through trick walls and the like in a manner which would have been regarded as uncanny a little while ago. The dramatic scenes did not impress us much except from the ingenuity shown on the mechanical side, but one little comedy in which an up-to-date servant came into a registry office to choose one of a row of submissive -looking mistresses was excellent fooling. Most remarkable were the pictures of Fregoli, on whom Biondi is said to have modelled his entertainnment. They show him first before the audience, appearing and disap pearing in mDBt bewildering fashion, then they show him behind the scenes during the same performances, being changed by his wonderfully expert dressers. Mr. J. C. Williamson has entered upon the 30th year of theatrical management in Australia. What a series of triumphs those years comprise. The production of the ' Geisha ' at the Princess' on Saturday appears to have been a great success. Of the new prima donna, Miss Florence Perry, the Argus says :— ' Hers was decidedly the chief triumph of the evening, and it was legitimately won, because it depended mostly upon her singing. She has s voice light, bat of particularly aweet qualify, pure and flexible, and of considerable range. Equally important, her method of production is excellent, and she sings with admirable taste and feeling. As an actress Miss Perry is winsome and graceful, never offending by an excess of exu berance. A suspicion at the outset that she might be disposed to express playful pettishness by ' making faces ' happily vanished as the perform ance progressed. It was a transient trick not per sisted in. By the time that Mimosa bad sung her lively kissing duet with Mr. Paull, the newcomer had firmly ingratiated herself with the audience as a vocalist of high merit, and an actress who could be arch without being spasmodic or needlessly demonstrative.' Mr. Paull's voice ifi apparently all right again, for his singing brought him much kudoB. The opera itself is highly spoken of. Other Melbourne Christmas productions will be a revival of the ' New Babylon ' by Bland Hilt, and the first production of *' Madame Sans Gene ' by the Broughs. 