By Flood and Field. East Fremantle are by no means the team it was anticipated they would be, and are opening the season most disastrously, on Saturday West Perth ran completely over them, last year's premiers never giving the seasiders a chance in aay department of the game. The latter were severely handicapped by the absence of " Dolly " Christy, the cracic ex-Melbourneite being unavoidably missing. Perhaps the best game on the ground was played by Jack Gibson, late of Footscray and Port Melbourne, and more recently of Fremantle, who followed all day, and gave a fine exhibition. Perhaps the worst game was played by Keenan, who gave a most objectionable display of rough, spiteful wrestling—not football It is greatly to be regretted that this player, who knows the game, and can play it as well, perhaps, as any man in the colony, should iudulge in tactics which make him so deservedly unpopular with the crowd, that would be cheering him for his fine piny if he would only go for the ball instead of the man. Keenan should remember that he has everything to lose, and nothing to gain, by his roughness. Next to Gibson, if not on a par with him, came Cullen, who wa6 in splendid form, and played a beautiful game, his running and clever handling of the ba 1 being one of the features of the match. Young Kennedy's kicking was very true, and the ex-junior gives promise «f rivalling Albert Thurgood as West Australia's champion "sharpshooter." Speaking of Thurgood reminds the writer of an exhbition he t nee 6aw the ex-Essendon champion give cn the Melbourne Cricket Ground, in a match against 'lhe big fellow was then n his very best form, and football in the height of its popularity with the Victorian public. Geelcng were veiy strong that season, and both players and supporters were confident Of being able to uresu the premieiship from the hither 10 invincible Essendon. Said the enthusiastic Geelongites—" We won't let Thurgood havei a kick, we'll put 'The Infant' to watch him, meaning Eddie James, the Geelong grammer school boy, who stood 6ome 6ft. oin., and was a splendid high mark. The day arrived and 25,000 spectators throngtd the ground, and nearly the whole of the population of the Pivot were down for the occasion. The ball had not bten very lv,ng in play when it came sailing high up to where the champion goulkick stood, guarded by the youthful giant, ana the roar that went up from thousands of Geelong thre ats as James put up hi6 mighty arms i,vei Thurgood's shoulders : nd took the bttli with ease, might well have knocked the bark off the pine trees in Richmond puddock, and shaken the {nrrot in Sir William Clarke's adjacent man.-ion. Ebsendon was dismoyed, Gteicng jubilant. The former's tin e was to ccme, howtver, and Wd6 not long in crming. Again the ball came sailing towards the two players; but Albert had learned a lessen, and was not going to stand atd be "Bii.ctLeiea" by his huge opponent this time. Standirg back from a running ltap, the Essendonian came like an avalanche, took the ball clean away from those long aims waiting to receive it, kicked a magnificent goal from nearly <0 yards, and from that tiuie till the bell rang never gave his opponent a ghost of a chance, soaring completely over him for his marks, and kicking six splendid goals. This was perhaps the best exhibition Thurgood ever has given in his long and brilliant football career. Herb. Loel played a game very little behind that of Cullen and Gibson, his marking, dodging, and kicking being particularly clever. Barnett was again in good form, and so was Cross Jones and Wildy, " Scotty" showing his characteristically finished football, while Morgan and Grecian took things easy, evidently realising that there was no necessity to exert themselves very much. Captain Tom WiUon played the best game for East Fremantle, the erstwhile North Melbournite scarcely ever having been seen to greater advantage; while Robertson did a 1 in his power to save hiB side. Chittleborough and Sweetman from the Fremantle Juniors gave a really good account of themselves, and shaped like coming champions. The only other first-rate junior match played was that between the Fremantle Imperial and Norwood Alberts, tbe latter kicking 4 goals 10 behinds to 2 goals 8 behinds. Murphy showed fine football for the Alberts, and was ably assisted by Stevens and GillieB; Stewart and Doyle showed capital form for the losers. The match between the Hovers and Fremantle was one of the closest aud most exciting ever seen on any ground, and for both teams to kick exactly the same number of major and minor points is a performance rarely recotded in a big match. The supporters of both sides Mere roused to the highest pitch of excitement, and it Mas not to be wondered at, for the football was of a very high order Skipper Watson was a bit off color for Fremantle, but though far from well, the ex-Victorian champion played a very useful game. "Dug" Irving showed a dash of that form which made him at one time the most popular aud successful Vic. follower, and Price, the old Camberwell player, was also in splendid nick. Jack Geddes, the old Carltonian, also played a fine game. " Grif " Johnson bids fair to rival Barney Grecian as a wing man, the popular Rover being one of the coolest and oleverest men playing the game in the colony. Culmsee, the old Carlton player, was a tower of strength to the Rovers, and so was Hussey, while the " Tassy " representative, Martin, gave a very good account of himself. Morrison and O'Dea, who put in a couple of stas-on's football in W.A , are back in Victoria and employed on the Cavlton Football Gronnd. Piaving for Carlton, the old North Melbourne men have given two or three sp'ei did exhibitions, the lengthy O'Dea's high marl ing being classed as splendid by the Melb uine dailies. "W.A. Goldfields Courier," of June 4 last, gives a picture of Le Var, labelling it "Taiquin, winner of the Yoik Cup. 1898." .. . • 1 • Subiaco had a very soft thing with Guildford, kicking 8 goals 22 behinds to 3 goals 8 behinds. Guildford improved on their form of the previous Saturday, 1 ut " Sul-y" was far too strong for them. Hajes was elected captain of the Subiaco, beating Dave Palmer, last year's skipper, by one vote for the position. The old Ballarat boy signalised his promotion by playing a splendid game. Woodgate is a player fit for any senior team. On Saturday; the lithe " Woody " was aa good as anything on the giound. Terrier was absent through illness. Hollis, Abrahams, and Palmer are a trio to whom " Suby " was in a great measure indebted for its victory. " Nunquam Dormio," erstwhile sporting editor of the " Morning Herald," is «porting- editing Melbourne Table Talk." Guildford's new captain, "Manny/ Roberts, set his team a good example by his sterling play, and Andy Power was also in good form, indeed the " ebony " man has seldom been seen to better advantage. One of the best men on the ground was a clever footballer rejoicing in the soubriquet of " Ballarat," who played a splendid game for Guildford. Bo'ton played well, but not up to Saturday's form. The match was played on Shenton Park, this being the first Association match that has beeu played on this beautiful little ground, which was in splendid order on Saturday. Another promising local horse, Ullaring, has run his lust race. Tom Child, once well known in Melbourne as a cash fielder, is at present a railway porter at Kalgf orlie. Mr. E. Young, port ganger for West Australian Customs, was at one time a prominent member of the North Melbourne and Essendon football club, and a brilliant player, also a fast sprinter. One of the principal winners over the W.A.T.C. Birthday Meeting was the wellknown sportsman. The O'Bierne, of Fiem an tie. He landed a double on Onslow and Lucky Dog, to the tune of eight " ponies." Bill Martin was a veritable (error to opposing cyclists when in Australia. One ni,ht at tho conclusion of a big race at the Exhibition, which the Irish- American had pulled off in sp endid style, talk ran high in the dressing rooms as to Martin's alleged unfair track tacticB, und one strapping wheelman, a well-known Victorian footballer, expressed his intention of smashing Bill at the first opportunits. Martin, who had been having a shower, was at the door when the big fellow dropped this remark, and diveBting himself of his towel, his only article «f apparel, he stepped into the centre of the big dressing room, and invited all and sundry to come if they felt inclined. Somehow the inclination had suddenly gone, aud it was no wonder; for standing there in nature's robes, his jaw set like a rock, and in magnificent (hews fully exposed, the b st cyclist Australia has seen and the gamest in the world, looked in every respect a gladiator of whom even ancient Rome might have been as proud— as modern Rome is of its great Maxiinillian. Gargeurvitch, or as he is more popularly known in Victoria, "Garfish," who has just succeeded in lowering the Australian 50-mile record previously held by Lesna, is a diminutive Hebrew, but he is, like Michael, a splendidly built little fellow. Gargy was a few years back one of the most unfortunate cyclists alive, being continually robbed of big races in which he had excellent chances by falls, in which he w.-ts almost invariably mutilated. The writer heard the little champion offer his machine fov a song at the Me'bnnrne Exhi- bition nftur a terrible fall on the asphalt track, but nobody had the *ong ready, and the popular midget kept his machine, and his lnck took a turn about the same time. On account of the postponement of Ta' tersall's Meeting, J.Charles has decided to hold a No. 2 Consultation on the Foundation Handicap, 1000 at 5. Tickets for this an-I the June Handicap, 2000 at 5, can now be obtained at 107 Barrack-street. Tatt.'s Club didn't consider the Trotters one atom in postponing their race meeting Irom day to day to Saturday. Though unregistered, the Trotting Club were worthy of consideration, seeing that all arrangement. for their inaugural meeting w. re made weeks ago. The punting brigade wept and wailed on Wednesday last, refusing to be comforted, on account of the postponement 1 f Tattersail's races. The " books " were similarly so ry. One or two trainers, however, thanked Gawd for the postpor ement, as it p omised to enable them to put finishing touches on their candidates. Great excitement on t'otherside re the Commonwealth Bill. May the Federation ists win is our earnest prayer. The Premier's federation address was at any rate free from party feeling, since a number of his supporters are opposed to the Bill, while his political enemies—Vosper, Morgans, Sim, son, James, and Co.—are strongly in favor of it. — PEBTHITE. The acts of self- torture, prompted by De imania, culminated the other dny at Wazaabad in a m«n attempting to cut off his he«d »ith bis own hands to present it to the Go Idess as the greatest sacrifice he could make for the purdon of his sins. But the nevere and strength were wanting, if not the will, and the man only succeeded in making an ugly wound 011 his nec <, though he sawed away till he swooned.—"Manda'ay Herald." Melbourne Table Talk says we are in 6rror in stating that the Hon. John A. Wallace, the leviathan Victorian mining speculator, was a son-in-law of Monahan, the wealthy Melbourne publican. We may be wrong ; still we are open to wager a Westralian wild-cat to a Melbourne gonebung bank that we are right—" Table Talk" to enquire. As letters have arrived at this office from outlying parts addressed to "Mr Vosper, Editor of CLARK'S WEEKLY," " Mr Ellis, Editor of CLARE'S WEEKLY," and others in the same strain, we may state that Mr 1. A. Cameron is editor of this paper and has beeu since it started. Mr Vosper is editor of the "Sunday Times,"' with which Mr Ellis was lately connected. " The air was lashed with a per- { tetual swish of bullets and many men ell, and there were shouts for the doctors; yet the Highlanders were as cool as on parade, their volleys being beautifully timed. They advanced in line, dead level, the men dressing and aiming steadily without speaking."—Extract from the account of the Battle of Atbara. Tommy: "Mother, what is an angel P" Mother: "An angel is a being that flies." Tommy: " But, mamma, papa calls my governess an a* gel." Mother: "Then,, my dear, she is going to fly immediately.'' 