(BY TELEGRAPH.) (From Our Own Correspondent.) PaaTHI, November 10. Mr H. C. Callahan, the manager of the Lake View Consolse returned in the R.M.S.- India after a trip to Colombo, and-went on in this evening's express to Kalgoorlie. He said the trip had been undertaken purely for the sake of his hcal?l, wbhih had. greatly benehtted. lie had transacted po business rel?t ing to Wept Austr&lign; mining affairs during his abeoei, rumors to the cont rat y notwithstanding. Bishop Kelly arrived at Perth this morning alfter a three months' visit in the eastern colonies. He was met at the. statinn by a coimmittee'compruising the leading Catholic 'ctizns, and was formally received by 'the' ayor at the Town Hall, At the fire brigades' deqlorlsftatl,ts at Frnmautle yes'erday, the Kialg'n?:la brigade w n the ml nual eng'ne lour. men competition, .ut were LOt placed in the other events. Pr RTR, Novemb r 11. The expenditure for the month of O 'tober was £200,898 as compartd 'ath t1£62,204 for the correuponding month 6f last year. ln the Sszreme Court tot?ayt Mr stic, Henamsan gave judgment ~. wtt e`r"i. yt Hardtpan v. the Loolonial G.I fl Ids, j.r.ited, in which plalutlft claimel £150 1 for breach of agreempet and £;300 money deposite4 Plaintiff had been engaged by t'h^ mnnpany's attorney for three years, at a salary of'£850, to manage the Lion Bre~Wsty, ." C;oolg.irdl.., -& claule ip the agreempnt iet forth that it Sntbher parit broke it be a~ibul a the a ot £1500, and the plaintiff had deposited with the-defendant's attorney £200 as a guarantee aot bona fides. The judge found that the attorney had gone beyond his powers in in ,erting the clause as to £1500, but the company was -none the less bound by the general terms of the agreement. He found for the plaintiff for £350 damages and a re t £rn of 4200 deposited. PERTH, November 13. Lipton Kauffmann, a boot mann facturer carrying on business in Perth, \- ,took his wife and family for a drive out near Clareniont this afternoon. Kauff mtann went into the river for a swim, but got beyond ihis depth, and was drowned. The body was quickly re covered by thepolice,bnt though a doctcr was in attendance immediately, nothing could be done. An inquest will be held to- morrow. The police found the much-decomn posed 'body of a newly-born infant wrappedin a newspaper.at West Perth to-day. - The body of William Brockman, a very old resident of the colony, and connected with some of the leading families, was found to-day in his home, about four miles from Gingin. The body was in a kneeling posture, and was much deeomposed, Brockman having evidently been dead for some days. Residents at Canning Park have com plained to the police of the antics. of a than who dressed up as a ghost has been 'makings a practice of perambulating near thes churchyard about midnight every \- ..ight. A section of the population pro less to -believe in the ghost and keep lamps' burning all night to scare him off. PERTH. November 14. Cable advices received locally state that a dividend of not less than 10s per share will be declared by the directors of the Lake View Consols early in Decem ber. 