HOOLEY AGAIN. A story of Mr Hooley is told by a corres pondent of the new paper M. A. P. He describes how some years ago ho met Mr Hooley at a dinner : — There was (he writes) another guest at this dinner— a brilliant creature — who has seen all sides of human life ; has been journalist, politician, finan cier ; a grim fighter ; an incomparable raconteur, and of stories drawn from every pbase of human life, from every region of the world. I don't know what devil pnt it into onr heads, hat the conversation turned on men that had been broken, and the name turned np of one who was known at one epooh to everybody in London, espeoially to everybody who went np to the City. There is no need to mention the name now ; everybody will reoognise it from the story. The much- travelled reconteur was in his best vein, had told story after story — thrill ing, tragioal, comio ; and, when this name was mentioned, naturally he .seized upon it, and told toe story of life and death— for it was a story of life and death — with all the abundant resonroes of his pieturesqne lan guage, his gesture, his mimetic pewer. The story lent itself to suoh treatment. For its hero had the reputation of immense wealth, liyed iu a errand street, entertained royally, waa a magnate among promoters, kept horses — in faot, ran the whole gamut of the rich, luxurious age and country in whioh we five. And then he took; to . crime —secret undiscovered , never revealed, "even to this hour. The day of reckoning oame. He went to his plaoe in the oountry ; and then oame, from the lips of the raconteur, bis description of the last hour of the doomed man. He met death, said the teller of the story, with the same audaoious front, he had always turned to the world. ' He first,' said, tho raconteur, ' fired a shofc at a tree to see if the revolver were in good order, and then he fired a shot into his own brain. H9 was a game man.' Suddenly there oame over the dinner- table a ghastly silence, a thrill as of the ghost of the dead passing ; it lasted hut for a few moments, but it seemed to me a very, very long time. Mr Hooley was the first to speak, and spoke like the brave, healthy creature I take him to be. He took a fork, traced a little bit of a farm in his native country. ' If I'm 6ver broken/ he said, ' I won't blow ont my brains ; I'll go down to that little farm with my wife and children, and I'll turn farmer,' It was bravely spoken, aud now that the dread hour has come, I trust that it will be as bravely acted. I know nothing about Mr Hooley's finanoial methods, hut I cannot bring myself to join the ignoble orowd that hunted him, toadied him, rnined him in his hour of triumph, and thai now trample on his prostrate body. 