NIAN OR G1IOST. I happened to arrive late one even ing in June last at the little town of Broadley. I had had business in the neighbourhood that had detained me later than I expected ; consequently I had been unfortunate enough to miss the last train back to town, and was forced to remain there for the night. It was an especially unlucky night, as the local races were in full swing and the little town literally packed with visitors. I can't say how often I had walked up and down the tiny high street; how often I had been into the three small inns which the place boasted, Imploring them to put me up somewhere-any where, but with no success ; everything was more than full up. I had knocked at the doors of, I think, almost every house and cottage in the place, but it was, alas i of no use; a bed I could not secure for love or money. What to do I did not know. I was simply dead beat, and walking on to another place was not to be thought of. It was equally impossible to procure a fly. Every horse in the place had done three miles over to the racecourse several times during the day, and they were all in their stables, absolutely ' without a kick left in them' I was quite in despair when I hap pened to notice a small ale-house that somehow or other had escaped my notice.' Gleefully and with renewed hope I turned into it, and demanded a bed. But, alas i the same fate awaited me-a bed was impossible. 'But is there nowhere you could put me?' I inquired anxiously. 'I will put up with any accomodation, however rough.' ' Very sorry, sir,' the woman behind the counter replied, 'h but we haven't a bed of any sort; even all our sofas are being slept on to-night.' Sadly I was turning away when the landlord came into the bar. " What does the gent want, Emma ?' " He wants a bed,' she replied, ' but I have just been telling him how full up we are.' The landlord seemed to be consider ing, then suddenly turning to me, said: 'I don't like to turn you away, sir, and perhaps after all we could manage some thing. Here, Emma- ' After conversing in undertones for a few moments the man, much to my joy, announced that they would give up their own bed to me. I was too tired to entertain scruples as to how they would get on, and after partaking of a frugal meal, I was shown by t'e woman to a nice, clean-looking room, who, after placing the candle on the table, wished me good night, and shut the door after her, which, before jumping into bed, I carefu ly locked. I must have been sleeping for some time when I awoke with a start- awoke with a feeling of dread possessing me. Nothing had occurred to account.for such a state, but I certainly was in a most excited condition. I sat up in bed wondering what had so upset me, listening for any sound, but there was nothing to be heard; all was perfectly still; so, trying tocom pose myself, I again turned over, and was just dozing, when something caused my heart to beat and my breath to stop short. Was it my imagination, or had I really heard a sort of faint sigh in the room ? ' It must be fancy,' I said to myself; ' go to sleep and don't make a fool of yourself.' Barely had I said the words when again I heard the sound a faint, but deep.drawn sigh. There was no possible doubt about it this time. However, nothing more was heard, though I sat for a long while listening, hardly daring to breathe.. ' Pooh i' I thought, ' there can't be anything to be alarmed about. It must be someone in the next room who-" But again the sound, This time louder and longer, and unmistakably in the room. My hair began to stand on end, and I felt a cold sweat breaking out all over me. Should I cry out and ask what it was, or-no, I would light the candle, and see if there was anyone in the room first. Hastily I struck a match, but nothing was to be seen, the room being perfectly the same as it was before I went to sleep. With my heart still beating I jumped out of bed, to see if anyone could have been in, and left the room since. But no ! the door was still locked. I then looked in every corner and under every thing that could possibly hide a person or an animal, but I found no trace of either. There was a big cupboard-a sort of large wardrobe-opposite the bed, in which several persons might have hidden, but that was also firmly locked. So, again blaming my im agination, I went back to bed somewhat reassured and more at ease. But sleep was now out of the ques tion. I was wide awake. Fortunately I had a book in my coat pocket, and so I proposed to read until morning. I had been reading-or trying to, as I could not concentrate my attention when a church clock struck two, and as the last stroke was dying away, again I heard that dread sound. There was no doubt about it; whatever it was, was in the'room. What could it be ? Once more all was stillness for awhile, and theifthe sound was repeated, and this time it was almost a sort of chuking cry, and-great heavens ! -it seemed to come from the locked cupboard. I tried to move, but fright held me rigid- I could not move a limb I tried to call out, but my tongue refused to move. I lay paralysed, hearing the cries.and groans continuing and increasing every moment. Oh ! to be able tomove, to rush from the room. But I was chained to the spot. What was I going to witness ? Was my unbelief in spiritualism to be sub jected to a convincing proof? Was I, indeed, to see a revenant ? But what is this ? It is my fancy, or is the cupboard being pressed from the inside ? No, no, it is not my fancy, and now the pressure is developing into heavy blows. Oh ! Ishall go mad ifI watch any longer ! I try to close my eyes, but in vain; I cannot take them from that dreaded cupboard. Still the blows and moans increase, and I fervently hope that the noise may be heard, and so bring someone to my assistance. I try once more to move, and by art almost superhuman effort of will, am just dragging myself out of bed when -oh I horror of horrors i what do, I hear and see ? An unearthly shriek--a a tremendous blow against the cupboard doors-and then they burst open, and I a man, ashy pale, and clothed in the I habiliments of the dead, stands before me, and inside the opened cupboard It see the dim,'long shadow of a coffin. And I heard and saw nothing more. When I recovered consciousness I found myself still in bed, with the land lady watching by my side, administering restoratives. I did not at first realize all that I had gone through, until my eyes alighted on that awful cupboard, and then I remembered all. As soon as the woman noticed that I had regained my senses she seemed anxious to speak, but I insisted on her leaving me. I hastily dressed and fled from the room, not daring to approach that fatal cupboard with its fearful secret. I staggered down the stairs, and at, the foot I encountered the landlord. He was deathly pale and very agitated. ' I don't know what to say to you, sir,' he said, 'but it is a most wonderful and unexpected thing that has hap pened.' The man seemed so wild and excited that I made but little of my own condition, and told him to explain it all to me. ' Well, sir,' he said, ' the facts are these. My brother died three days ago, and he was lying in his coffin (he was to have been s:rewed down and buried to-day) in the bedroom that you occu pied. When you arrived last night, I did not want you to be without a shelter for the night, and I thought you would be none the wiser if I placed the coffin safely under lock and key in that big wardrobe.' 'But this does not explain.!' No,. sir,' he interrupted,'. I was just coming to the wonderful part, which is., that my brother was not reallydead at all.' 'Not dead?' I gasped. ' No, sir, only in a trance, and it - is a most merciful thing that he was: inot buried alive.' M' erciful, indeed,' I remarked. Of course the man had meant kindly in taking me in, and soI did not dwelt on the terror that I had undergone, nor wait for further explanations, but hastily settling the bill, which he at first firmly refused to allow me to do, I left the place, and got back home again, by the first possible train. But never to my dying day shall I forget that awful moment when the man burst forth and stood in the faint rays of the candle, a white and unearthly figure ; and when within the gloom of the cupboard I saw the faint outline of his coffin.-Sketchy Bite. 