.SYDNEY Full Court lias just given an astonishing decision in declaring that the Tippling Act, a law passed in the reign of King George the Second, is still iii operation in N.S.W. Under this law no man can recover a debt of less than '20s. contracted at one time for intoxicating drinks. This is a decision that is bound.to do away with that convenient a n d popular i nstitution, the slate, in- N. S. Wales pubs., and henceforth drinking will have to be done on strictly cash principles. According to the A r<ins, Mr. Justice Simpson expressed the view "that the Tippling Act would be of benefit to the community ; as, if a man had to pay for each drink when ordered he would be less likely 'to 1 put it on the slate' or 'chalk it up. " And how true that is. If the judge really used those words, tliey should go on record as a specimen oracular utterance. To say that if a man had to pay for his drinks he would not be likely to get tliein on tick is as profound a remark as to announce that if a woman plunged into the sea she would in all probability get wet. However, the Tippling Act is only another injustice to the New South Wales " Wuckin' Man," according to a contributor writing from that province, who does not think that the Tippling Act will work for temperance. What's this here Hact I hears about for stoppin' of our beerV A Tipplin' Hact to kill the " shoutor make our Jickcr dear. I think it is a bloomin' shame, A blot upon our country's fame, An' I will demonstrate the same, So lend your bally ear. Yo see. a honest wuckin' man he toils till Satcrdee, An 3 then—as is my little plan—he goes upon the spree. By Monday he's a sober slob, He hasn't got a blessed bob, An' oil he goes upon the job As thusty as cau be. But Mister Bung, whose pub ycr pass, he's decent to a mate, An' if yer want a savin' glass he chalks it on the slate. An' so, ye see, a kiln-dried bloke Although he's gone completely broke, Ain't left to perish like a moke, As otherwise he'd be. Now faith is cracked up everywhere. Have faith, they say, we must. Well, that's all right, but 1 declare we likewise should have trus*. An' if we can't get tick fer less Than 80 pints o' beer, I guess With Monday's awful thirstiness— We'll * diink * the. lot or 6MS'. # • A recent divorce case recalls to mind the experience of a South Melbourne man whose wife took to .Spiritualism and was induced by a greasy medium who was a specialist in corns to regard herself as a peculiarly m a g- netic creature capable of holding direct communication with gorgeous spirits gambolling on the meads o f Asphodel. P r e- viously the lady had been quite an excellent wife and mother, and a housekeeper of extraordinary merits, wliose cooking made her an extremely valuable appendage to household. any well-regulated But -when she got mixed up with the spirits she refused to do any more drudgery, as she i al'cd it. She neglected her domestic duties, whilst she chummered to spooks in dark comers, and left the baby wailing dismally amongst the ashes of tbe grain, and the hens foraging amongst the butter, and the cat prospecting tbe hash, and things going to wreck and devilment generally, while she attended s'ancei and things, and exchanged views on the state of the weather and cures for rheumatism with the spirits of Shakespeare, and Goethe, and Newton, and D irwin, and other celebri- ties. .She used to make lier husband miserable, too, by getting up at night to hold converse with wandering goblins, and insisted that there were ghosts all over tbe shop and under the bed; and she kept him awake half the night talking bald aud awful tommy - rot to departed poets a n d philosophers. At last the h u b b y got so weary that he called in the assistance of an ingenious friend, and between them tliej- rigged up quite a realistic spook that was as ugly as a Chinese fantod, and one night when the lady was mooning after disembodied things as usual they let this hand-made goblin loose on her. The woman too.k one horrified look at the thing, then uttered a fearful shriek, and fled down stairs in three revolutions and a bump. After that she insisted upon shifting into a house that had no spooks to speak of, and she was never again tempted to dabble in spiritism or take any action calculated to bring down upon her head a foreign goblin of devilish aspect. A woman may be able to stand ghosts in theory, but when it comes to fact, she falls off with a wild cry, and wants to lie cxcused for ever and a day. * * * # Sii Charles Holled Smith bus no paticnce with the idea of the Scottish regime')!,, and cannot get reconciled to the idea of a lot, of brawny Scots ] aradingthcstrects in all the glory of new kilts and all the glittering gear of a Heilan' chieftain in his native wilds, butMiuister M'Culloch, the rep r e sen tati ve Caledonian stern and wild, puts his objections all aside and •• declares that tiie regiment' will con^einto existence : in 'spite of the Commandant. "If a Scotch regiment is formeJ, why not an English one, an Irish and a Welsh asks Sir Charles. Wily not'! Nobody has any objection. I can see only one way of reconciling Si)' Charles Holled Smith to the regiment:— It is sad for a soldier in villainous pants And an ordin'ry sort of coat, With a hat that has never a hint of romance And a collar of red at his throat, To encounter at large a magnificent chap Like Apollo embellished and built, With an elegant sporran, a beautiful cap, And with ho sen and shoes of the neatest mayhap, And the dandiest kind of a kilt! After him all the eyes of the Totlies will turn. And they'll smile as he passes them by ; All their bosoms with tender emotions will burn If they catch but the glint of his eve. To the skirl of the pipes he goes striding along, With his legs rather boldly displayed. From tbe Sassenach soldiers the sightseers throng When they pass, all a-glitter, so braw and so strong, Bonnie boys of the Scottish brigade ! It is safe to expect the militia to buck, And T. Atkins to snort and deride - I expect very often poor Tom has the luck To have legs it is wisest to hide. But Sir Charley is bulky, and Charley is tall- Well he carries his crimson aud gilt. Whyjshould envy possess him, resentmentandgall? Let him dofl' coat and helmet and trousers and alf And assume the invidious kiit! ACCORDIKG to the latest news, the Bungendore " sticking-up " incident was even more extrava- gant)y comical than wasoriginally suspected. It is now shown that there were not two desperate ruffians concerned in the outrage, but only one low comedy villain, armed with a cucumber or something equally deadly, and having for an understudy a mere scarecrow. The desperado had simply fixed up an accessory before the fact by stuffing an old suit with straw, and standing it in a convenient shadow, with a" stick in its hands to represent a rifle. Tben he waylaid the coacli in the dusk and bade the driver surrender at the muzzle of an old pipe-ease. Whereupon all concerned surrendered at discretion and threw out the. mail-bage. I rather admire the organiser of this most humorous enterprise. He is certainly a man of sufficient audacity, and, given a suitable light and the run of the waxworks, I believe he could be relied upon to repel a Russian invasion with terrific slaughter. Candidly I would not advise the Karl of Kilmorey to go to Sydney. Jf he lias any intention ol doing so he had-better make his will and insure his life for a large amount The climate of Sydney is not unusually hard on early, but the inhabitants have a way of resenting any inference that is disparaging to Sydney and " Our IB arbour" 1 in a /jn^jjperibatmjght seriously effect cven^fe most robust constitution. And the Earl of Kilmorey has just been saying things at Adelaide which are Bound to stir up Sydney's baser nature, and make George Reid rave at midnight for blood and other unpleasant things. (f)rr- 5fu&-rd. The Earl told them in Adelaide that, with their great harbour scheme accomplished, Afioluiii,. butmg port of Aur-n , must be the real ail(j . Dent. Sydney is , Melbourne is coiujihi; up, but vc remunii.i, i Governors once wh ; things about Melbu, , Earl should <icorgo I' have li at J a vision oi thrown it into r)n>). "•fits*-- By a band of hon-i'i but Wa.S 1)01. ,«];•,: He was cursed vji ' prisoned iu a < ;: And the leader wa;-: his mask. Then the captive Jvirl a dray, And the nasty men hole all tin! v ay. To the pier thu wi'. k the stranger ilov, And a-roice exclain,- let the beggar mr But the fat man int. will be, : ' he sai.i, "If bo won't reeaii!. harbour spread In its peerless prisum pearl, Or we'll put you i., dicken said li,,. Ui j; • M'iii } ^.li.w];. ^•iMakoj; I fl ar; •-'HiuHhro^ w t \ !" vi!bsj ijS 'iH.rinrifclann Ui>' tortuic Iv.irJ. llDt The fat man shrirjatrusty men ! A "Oil. t,k t ],j ra To the House. Ilc'il in ^nw.-sli impudencc to-dm To the House tlicy 1 t lie noi.le.wh' rt of debate Could assail him tliror.-h left him to hi? fn• ,.' v Then the wrelchor] im in the ia^ woeful nigiits Heard the prosing of the n,rn,l,,n; ;i „, hklr ; verbal ilightw. Wien the talk Jiafl been mon dr^fu!- sickest kind of ram- Bent the fat man o'er ilm haml. am] ig' word—" llecam :" But the Earl was prom!, an they left him there : And the talk poured tliioii^li the he supped on blac k despair. And oft the brigand cries. •' Ilwaut T the Karl lie saith. "Then remain, you fuol, and ruilcr. argue you to cieatii But the Earl one eve wlien inMnkr; p • out with fculile longue: "Are ye fiends'/ Have mercyplease drive in thi- uw.tj.'"' Then they drove the lmng—tlity (irw 4 For want of air lie died, And the mystery o! his loss though thousand? tried. ON Friday night Jasi a paper was Trades' Hall Council on "Tk- Labour." 'J'he author of the paper a'' hearty vote of thunks :: at the confl reading. Pusch mhiiils Iw ranuo! Lygon-street entjiusing over such a F abolition of laoour. J'he coimiion curapi Trades Hall is that there is not labours: round, and since ali cannot be tn secretaries aud labour members irteii of the rest? Horror! does not tilt! labour carry with it Die abolition of t member Y A word from one of the laiter. Oh, lor' ! Oh, dear! what'sthisl Of labour abolition? They must be <!ait who'd wipeo And leaN'e us n'er a mission. I say to vou—it will not do, My very Jwirued neighbour,; This world can't stand without. We are the fruits of labour! 