NEW GUINEA MISSION. VISIT OF THE NEW BISHOP. At St. John's Church yesterday morn ing there was a large congregation, when the Right Rev. Dr. Stone-Wigg, the newly consecrated Bishop of New Guinca., preached. He took his text from the 28th chapter of St. Matthewv, and the three last verses, viz., "And Jesus came and spake unto them, say ing, all power is given unto me in heaven, and in earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatever I have commanded you, and, lo, as I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." The preacher said that it was by authority of Jesus Christ that the gospel was preached, and God wanted human agency in having this carried out. His treasure and love for whom he died, and hJs ring of autho rity endbled us to fulfil Christ's com mandment, as related in the above scripture. The Bishop went on and made a stirring appeal on behalf of the New Guinea mission. People here did not re?dise the heathenism that existed there among two and a half millions of people. These must be educated and taught to know right from wrong, and made workers for Christ. Sir William McGregor, the Lieutenant-Governor of British New Guinea, had said that the only way these .natives could be edu cated was through the missionary so cieties, and the only denomina.tion that had taken a proper stand in this terri tory, and most able to do the work, was the Church of England. This was the only way in which these heathens could be educated mentally and physi cally, and until the missionaries made such a stand in New Guinea, their intellect and Christian fellowship would not be improved, as' all other means had failed. This, said the preacher, coming from such a personage as Sir William' McGregor, who was the most reliable authority on New Guinea, ought to be sufficient to convince us all of the importance of missionary work in this territory. Again, there was special need for a hospital, nurses, and doctor, good all-round artisans to build up this place, and so deliver these poor natives from 'their present ignorance and heathenism. It was an obligation to the world to be one of these workers, and he hoped that a doctor and a band of useful artisans would give up their occupations and join, the missionaries In this noble and urgent work, so that in the end they would receive their just reward from our Saviour, Jesus Christ, who died for us all. The preacher was listened to with wrapt attention throughout. A collecticn was taken up on behalf of the mission. During the service Miss Beatrica Ferguson sang the anthem, "Lord be merciful." In the afternoon the Bishop addressed the scholars of Holy Trinity Sunday school, and preached at the church in the evening. On both, occasions he dwelt on the above mission, and was listened to most attentively. There was a large congregation at the latter service. The collections at St. John's Church towards the mission amounted to £23 16s, of which £1 7s 5d was contributed by the children. There is only one Magic Soap. All housewives know its goodness.* 