CHAPTER XXXVI. THE CITIZEN THEODORE. The immense saloon was inshrouded.by the gray veil ot night, ol which tlio /wretched echoes had learned to repeat tliu severe words of the advocates ' <und the suppliant ones of the-pleaders. j?rom afnt, in the distance",' in tlio midst of; th<? obscurity, upright and Immovable/ a white column seemed watching, in the centre of the hall, like a phantom pro tector over the sacred'place. ^ The only j noise heard in tliia 'darkness' was, i the,, t nibbling wild • galloping-'of,';'innumerable ' rats, who rummaged the 'papers -mclos-' oJ. in the writer's 'huts,; having first pi net rated as far as this sanctuary of Themis (an academician, so called),.aiid,. the loose, clashing keys, which appeared ;'to' proceed from under the ground, but ajl this only reverberated in the dis tance. and, nothing resembling a noise, over interrupted the silent Jarkness, whici wae not even broken upon by the apparition 6f a stir. Most unquestion-" ablj much terror was occasioned at this hour by the saloon of a palace, whose wall? of the exterior were yet stained with the blood- of the victims of Sep tember—whose staircases ' had witnessed the descent in one da.y of twenty-live hiinint beings condemned- to an ignomini ous, death, and sepn rated- only :by ii ffcv feet from the .cells-.of the conciergerie ' peopled with. bleached; skeletons. Not-' ' ■Withstanding, iu the ;iriiddle of this frightful night—in the midst of this al most Solemn ' eiler.ee, a low 'grinding W8* heard ; the door of. a writer's hut ■-./turned upon • its creaking hinges, and a shadow, 'darker - ,,than the shadow; of night, glided cantioinly out jof the 'jar rnck. Then the fierce patriot we :liave hiord addressed su " Monsieur," but wlio called- himself Theodore, stepped lightly - over the uneven stones. - He held in his right hand . a ponderous ' iron lever,and with his left in his belt to ascertain the safety of his double-barreled pistol. ■ " J reckcraecl twelve stones to tliia part of the cell, and hero; is .the end of the fir.st, murmured he, and, as he calculate "■ ed, groping with the point oT his; foot, to discover iKe chinks which time: had rt-Loercd daily more perceptible. ' '" Let me see," said lie, stopping .j 'liave I taken my • measurement correctly? Shall i possess strength sufficient? And she—will she have the -courage ? Oh, yes, lier courage is .known to . me.-. Oh, mon Dieu I mon Dieu! when I shall +ake ; ho-, hand—when I can say, Madame, you pre saved !' " He suddenly paused, as if crushing, this hope beneath his feet," . Ah [" -replied lie, " fearful and foolish project. They say the others hid'tliem aeUec, under their. bed-clothes, or con tcttod themselves by•/. roaming about • dressed as lackeys, all—it is, that I ?iot oiily desire to serve the queen, but' the woman. Well,' to work1;' we will sum" tn the whole.;T6,j.rai§e the, igtoiieis . nbtLing, to Ieave .it open,.is the. danger ! —they m<iy perhaps come the rounds; but yet they never do so. They can not suspect anything; for I have not any accomplice, arid what is. required with nn artlor like mine to overcome the dark passage ? In three minutes I am undei- her chamber; in. five ininutes I ra ise the stone which is on .the hearth. SJip will hear mo working, but lias too ninth firmness to feel alarmed; on the contrary she will understand-that a fficnais near, and laboring for her de liverance. She is.' guarded by two men who will dpubtless hasten to the spot. TVtll, after all," said the patriot, with a mela.ncholy smile, looking first at the weapon concealed in his.girdle,, and -then o t the . one he held poised in his hand, " e double shot from this pistol, or a ccuple uf strokes from this iron bar. Poor creatures I tliey will die like others not more culpable than themselves." .And -{lie Citizen fPheodore resolutely pressed "the lever between the chinks of the flag-stones. At ;this moment a viviil light gleamed. like a ray of gold acrosw the stones, and a noise, repeat ed bj the echoes of 'the vault, caused the conspirator to turn, and then with n single bound to conceal himself in the stall, Soon voices, weakened by the distance, nnS softened /by the: emotion experienced by every one at liiglit in a large wild desolate building, reached tbn enra of Theodore. He stooped down, find through an,,aperture in the stall perceired first a man in military- cos tume, whose -large . saber, dangling against the pavement, partly produced the sound .which had attracted his at tention ; then a .man in a. pistachio-. colored suit, holding a rule in Tiis hand anil a roll of papers under bis arm. Thirdly,-a man inv-aHtoge waistcoat of rnteen and fur bonnetand 'astly, a fourth, with wooden Jfihoes and a bluse. Tue iron gate, Des.Merci'ers, ground 'lpon - it.s sonorous hinges, rattling the chain, intended to keep it Open during; the day. The four men entered. " A round," murmured Theodore. "God 1)i; praised I five minuted ' later and - I slould have been ruined." He then, with the utmost attention, endeavored t'o recognize the individuals who composed the round—indeed, tliree of them Were known toi him. ' He vwho wiiIked firstsclad in the costume of-.a general, wa-s Henriot; <the man in the hairy bonnet was Richard, the con cierge, and the man in the blouse was, in all probability, a turnkey. But the . nmv in the pistachio-colored coat lie oad never seen—he was totally unknown to liiin. Who or what could this aian-be ? an<! what brought, at ten o'clock at night to do the Salic des'Pas-Perdusj the general-of the Commune, the guardian of the conciergorie, a, turkey, and this man unknown ? The Ojtizen Theodore w. mti ured kneeling, with, one "hand on bis londeo pistol, while with the other lie replaced his bonnet, which his. precipit our movement,' had somew'iat ilia-, aruitiged. ■Up to this moment the nocturnal visi-' tors had kept sileiut, or,, if they hiudi spoken, their words had not-reached the oars "of the conspirator, but, when about tea' paces from his lurking place, Hen riot apoke, u,nd his voice was distinctly, beard by. the Citizen Theodore. ■ V-Wc are now.1' said he. " in the. Salle ■ ties iPas-Pcji'dus. It to;for you now ■ to giiiduus, Citizen Architect, nud to en , (Jeavor to convince'us that your revela •tiou is no idle story, for, you see, the revolution haa done1 justice to -all thte follj, flnd wo believe 110 more iu these subterranean (passages than in ghosts. What do yon say, Citizen IMcluv:-1ad ded Henriot, turning toward the man in tli' fur.bonnet and ratc'ou vest. " 1 have never said- there was any. subterranean passage under the cou ciergerie," sujd 'lie. . " Tlioro is Grac ctub, who haa been turnkoy for ten years, aajd, consequently, is acquainted with the whole of the conciergerie, nud hn ignores the existence of the vuult of which the Citizen frirami has spoken. However, as the Citizen Glirnud is the ciVy arcliitect, ho ought to know bet than naiy of ua. It ia his business." Theodore shivered from head to foot oi hearing theso words. " Fortmm toly" 'murmured he, " tho sulooi in large, and before they iind what. they Koarch for, two days at least miifit expire." Bur the architect opened life great 10H of jMipens, put on his spectacles, and luielt1 down to exnmine more "ull.v tho Iiluu by the trembling light of the lantern which Gracehiifl held in his hand. ' I fear," naid lleuriot, ironically, " that tho Citizon G^raud has been dreaming." " You will eoo, Citizen General, if I nn; a dreamer. Wait a little—wait." " You see, we are waiting," naid Hen riot. j " Good I" said the architect; and lie i begnj. to calculate. *' Twelve ami four ! make Hixteeu," naid he, " and light are I twenty-four; which, divided Tiv nix, i makes four, and then half remains lliat j in it I maintain my opiniuu, and, if X am deceived, call me an ignoramus, that's all " The architect pronounced these words with an a.««urance which terrified the Citizen Theodoi-e. Henriot regarded tho plan -with a aptcicB of respect, seeing he admired more than he comprehended it. flow, follow what l say. " Whore ?" said Henriot. " .Upon the chart which' I have drawn. Purdieu! here we are. Three'leet from1 tlir- wall is a Diovablu stone I have mark-: ei1 A; do you see!" "Certainly, Keee A," said Henriot'. "Do you think I do not know, how to read'!" - '■ •••-.Unoer this 'stone," continued < the architect, " is a ■stftircase; do you see?. It is marked B." . - '• c 'EI'; said Henriot; "I see'T},; but' I do not Bee the 'ataircase umd the general-smiled at his own. fafCetfo'nsuesaj!. " When once the stone; is raised, the fool tmce upon the stej), count fifty paces looked; up,1 and youi will find yoniv' sell exactly ■ at the register where the subterraneous* passage terminates, -pass ing under the cell of the queen." ' " Capet's iwidow, you mean. Citizen Giraud," said Henriot, knitting _ his' brows. ■ 1 \ ■■■ " " Yes, Capet's wWow." " Why did you ; say - the queen?" " The. old custom." : " You say, then;it may be found under the register ?" demanded Richard. • ''".Not ';.5®Jy in the. register, but .Also: I will tell you'in what part you will discover it; under the stone." : " That is enriouis,"'Kftid Gracchus, "for I have noticed that every time-1 drop pell a log ia that place the stone re sounded. In short, if / we find your statement correct; Citizen Architect, I shal! pronounce geometry a fine, thing." "Then declare it, Citizen Henriot, ior . I flic now going to conduct you to the place-indicated by the letter A." The Citizen .Theodore made his nails pierce his flesh. " When I have seen it," said Henriot, " when I have seen It; I rather resem ble St. Thomas." " Ah! you said St. Thomae." " Yes, as you said ' the queen," from mere habit; but they can not Accuse me of conspiring with him." '* Nor I with the queen." After this retort the architect lelicate ly. placed his rule, reckoned the distance, thCK stopped, having apparently .finish-., his hie "calculation, and struck - upon', a' particular, stone. This' was the-identi ca* stone struck by the Citizen- Theo-' dore in his fit' of frantic rage. "It is here, Citizen General," said the architect. "You fancy so, Citizen Giraud.":•! - Our concealed patriot bo far forgot liiinself as to strike his thigh with his clinched hand, with difficulty suppress ing a deep groan. "Iain positive," said Siraud; "and your examination, combiued with ray. report, will prove to the Convention I have not ■been.,.deceived. Yes,' Citizen General," continued the architect, with -emphasis, , "this stone opens upon a subterranean, passage, terminating at the regisferi and passing below the cell of the Widow Capet. Let us raise the stone','descend1 with me, and I will convince'you-that two men, even one man,: could effect a : rescue' in a single night without anyone suspecting it." A murmur of terror and- admiration, elicited by the architect's words, ' ran. through the group and faintly reached the Citizen Theodore, who seemed turned to stone. "Look alt the' dp,nger we run,",' con tinued Giraud. "Well, now, with a grat ing wSlick1 I s-tiall place in the middle of ' this underground passage, before it reaches the cell of the Widow Capet, I: shall save the country.!' "All, Citizen Hcnriot," said Giraud,, "that is an idea bordering on the: sub-' lime." v ' ' "Perdition seize you, addle-pated fooll" grumbled the patriot, with; rdoubled fury. "Now, raise the stone," said the archi tect to the Citizen Gracchus; who, ; in addition to a lantern, carried a crow ''bar. He commenced his work, and ia a sec ond the stone was raised. The passage appeared open, with the staircase .lost in its profundity, while the moist air es caped like a pestilent vapor. ' * "Another abortive attempt," mur mured . the Citizen Theodore. "Alas! Heaven does not.'will; that she shall es cape, and-her cause must bo accursed." 