THE ELDER CONSERVA TORIUM. j LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. Adelaide's leading citizens and citi zenfesses mustered in full force in the Uni versity grounds on Monday afternoon, when His Excellency the Governor laid the foun dation-stone of the Elder Conservatorium of Music. The beautiful dresses ' of the ladies, set off by the rich colouring of the academic gowns of the Professors and the doctors of the University, and the profusion of bunting combined to make the scene brilliant and imposing, and had the photo grapher only been able to call to his aid the new process t>f .colour- pKotography the representation would' have Deen as interest ing from the point of view of beauty as it will now be from a locally.historical aspect. It was only fitting that the giver of 'tlie money which is to pay for the building shouiU be represented m some form, and one of the very few portraits of the late Sir Thomas Elder was placed at tlie back of the orchestra dais, and was . wreathed with flowers talien from the dead knight's garden at Mount Lofty. Ample seating ac commodation was provided for the gueste, who numbered many hundreds. The Minis try, b<Dth Houses' of the Legislature, the Council, the Senate, and staff of the Uni versity, the Board of Governors of ? the Public Library, tlie Council of tlie School of Mines, tlie' Board of Education, and donors and original subscribers to the Chair of Music were all represented. Additional interest was given to the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the Elder Conservatorium of Music, which took place on Monday afternoon, by the fact that it was the last public gathering at which His Excellency tlie Governor and Lady Victoria would appear prior to their visit to England. Hundreds of guests were present, and they had the pleasure of listen ing to some fine music by tne Conserva torium Orchestra and the singing of the fct verse of the National Anthem by Madame Amy Sherwin. The Chancellor, Right Hon. Dr. Way, in . requesting Sir Fowell to lay tlie stone, discoursed on the importance of music as a portion of tlie edu cation of a community. His Excellency, who declared the stone "well and truly laid in tlie name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," alluded to Iris approaching visit to England, spoke of the loyaltv of the people, their kindness to him and his family, and promised "to endeavour to stick up for the colony" wheal any aspersions were cast upon "it. The Minister of Education caused the only smiles when lie remarked that he was glad Sir Fowell would give so good an account of the people, of South Australia, of their warmheartedness as well as their other peculiarities, and When lie expressed the hope that if the students did not de velop into Mendelssohns and Mozart s it would only he because tliev were Handels and Rubinsteins. It was cruel to be sar castic at the expense of tlie aspiring young musicians, but it was more wiikirH and sug gestive of the University students, who were hidden" behind the bunting, and who had behaved themselves, to whistle the "Dead march" as the leading people walked away. Tlie following documents were put under the foundation-stone:-1. Copies of "Tlie Observer," March 12, and "Advertiser," March 11, 1897, containing particulars of the late Sir Thomas Elder's will and be quest to the School of Music. "The Re gister" of March 10 contained the particu lars of the bequests, but as every number of that isfcue was sold, and none could be bought at any price, a copy could not be obtained to be placed under the stone, and a number of "The Adelaide Observer' was substituted. 2. Copies of '"The Regis ter'" and "Advertiser" of September 20, 1898. 3. A copy of the University Calendar for 1898. 4. Names of Conserva torium staff. 5. The undermentioned coins-penny, threepenny-piece, sixpence, shilling, Dorin, half-crown, crown. The stone bore the following inscription: -"(Governor Sir .Thomas Fowell Buxton, Bart., K.O.M.G., laid this stone on the 26th day of September, 1898." Tlie "Argus" of Friday, September 23, states:-"lieeeiitjly Mr. T. Smith drew at tention in the Legislative Assembly to the influx of Syrians, and the Premier under took to write to Mr. C. Ryan, the Consul for Turkey, and urge him to make represen tations to the Turkish authorities which would stop these aliens coming to our shores. Yesterday lie received a letter from Mr. Ryan saying that he had already writ ten to the Turkish Government, pointing out tjhe folly of permitting indigent and un lettered Syrians coming to Victoria, and adding that some years ago he checked the influx by causing advertisements to be in serted in newspapers circulated in Syria, stating that there was no employment for them here, and that he would see that a similar step was again -taken. Sir George Turner is pleased with this prompt action on tjhe part of the ConsuL" 