Election Notes. Mr. W. L. Oakes depreea'ea the small use of the franchise made by bis Toongabbie neighbours. Mr. O'Oonor muot beware of chestnuts i.nd vain repetitions. He considered ihe vnmusic.nl voice and tin-dish wheeze, which fetched his Smithfield audience, gopd enough to be fired off again at Tooneabbie. He must recollect that the electors read. ti eir argus 10 a man, anu luey wui taite r.o'ioe of things like these. One question naked Mr. O'Conor at Toongabbie waB,— ' ' Are you in favour of Kiss- in-the-ring?' He replied, 'That depends on the age of the child.' (L U!-bter.) The Hon. J. Garrard opened at Fairfield on Tuesday evening and didn't give his political opponents g, loop-bole. .One identity possessing a nose-warmer at the door of the ' hall' wanted a direct ' yes' or' no' to a very. pertinent question. The hon. Jacob claimed an equal rijiht. ' Will you give me a direct yes or no ? ' he a ke '. 'Yes,' replied the inteijeclor. ' All right,' Faid Mr. Garrard, ' have you left off beating your wife yet?' (Roars.) There was no answer, and theioterjector W sm ie ifterwards. 'What's the meanins of wri-?gler '?.'. queried the hon. Jacob of an oleotor who applied the term to his prdilical chi«f. 'Like you,' wbs the ready answer, and the candidatejoined in the langh which the answer to his own question had provt ked. ' I did vole for the Commonwealth Bill.' said Mr. Garrard, 'because I believe in tin principles of 'Federation. At the snme time 1 am clad of the opportunity tbnt is now afforded for amending its provisions with a larger prospect of equity to New South Walee.' ' The Truck Act,' Mr. Garrard ex plaine-d,' wne an Act to prevent employfTR from compelling; their employees to take their wages out in goods. Such a state of tbinjs appeared to exist where never a coin paFsc-d betwten employer nnd em ployed for work and labt/r dono. the latter were compelled to ' tuko it out,' and tbns pay as much as 25 per cent more than they could obtain the same goods for if they were free to purchase when,, where and how they liked. ^merman uastie says me ttntue trade in brisk, and that being a Federate himself, he does not want to clash witti \ the other Federates. His bottle and municipal busi ness nro tnkint! up all bis time. The Federal Party at Granville ar9 con fident that if they can get some of the leaders to speak in the electorate they can carry the seat. With Nobbs and Dyer on the ministerial ticket splitting up the vote, they reckon that a solid federal vote will make the Mayor a member. , Varney Parkes speaking at Granville referred coiiBtuutly to ' my poor father ' and federation, and made it appear that the ghost of Sir Henry wanted tho electors to vote against Mr. Barton. He forgot to mention that Sir Henry had no great opinion of Mr. ? Enid's federal professions. ' Ye'd better bo careful, njid.upt go to the Gron\;ille Pai)t'onr Sunday, uiorniug,' said, Davie Ad(irh';to fJ6hu Nobbs at Tuesday's' meeting.' ?'' I taw you there on Sunday-^: I knew; you. 'By 'your stick;1' (Laughter). Ye were wanderin' towards Merrylands acd I came to tho conclusion that, yo were just cultivating a° few votes. (L'.iughter). I thought it was a vorra bad day. (Mr. Nobbs : A very good day !) I want to give yo a warning against the like of that.' Mv. Nobbs said he was not canvassing at all. Yarnoy Parkes has got George McCredie to promise to support John Nobbs in tho comine; election. Wonders will never ceaso ! It was Mr. McCredio that first knocked the veteran out of Parliament. People wondered why Mr. Nobbs got selected us the Ministerial candidate to op pose a labor cmxlhiate. Perhaps Yarney Pnikps' friendship* with Mr. Nobbs man a«pd what seemed impossible. Mr. Thomas Eppt) is a 'sticker' to Nobbs and ?with. Charlie Unwinhas been presiding at moetinfjs of the veteran year' after year. Three oheora for Eeid brought Nobbs' meeting to a close on. Tuosday. It wasn't explained whethel* the cheers were for Reid's federation or his having picked John Nobba as his Granville candidate. Boland is not here, but his macintosh, seems to have fallen on a fool with more lungs than brains. Mr. John Thorpe was at Dowell O'Eeilly's opening meeting on Tuesday night and walked up and down, in front of the candidate, like a sentry on duty. . Perhaps ho thought the O'E. would steal his candidate. An elector well on in years, not eo'long back from the Cape, croaked aunoyingly at O'Eoilly's first meeting, with a running fire of absurd questions. ? Before the candidate had answered one, he was off with another. ' ' I'd like your six quid a week ' shouted a, leather- lunped youth to the O'E. 'I'd like your voice,' replied O'Eeilly. 'AH right you can have- it for a couple of bob a week ' was the rejoinder. Two shillings a week to bawl yourself hoarse at a candidate shows the bad state of tho political barrackern' market. The Parramatta Federalists do not favour Ferris's chance. They say Brown will get a mighty big lump of the old Taylor vote and take not a few from O'Eeilly. Candidates are verv shv with sot nrinted addresses. Perhaps they pin them too closely to opinions. It is so easy to say 'I never said it.' Cunvassing on behalf of a candidate for political honors is tolerable under ordinary conditions, but when it comes to haunting the precincts of a burial ground, ib is ' playing the game rather low.' Mr. Kellorman asserted at Tuesday's meeting of the Granville Labor League that he, with others, attended a burial ceremony on the provious Sunday at Eookwood and was horrified at the audacity with which certain people wore canvassing on behalf of a candidate, whilst the dull thud of ' earth to earth' scarcely drowned the voice of the ardent canvassers. . Mr. Bavin is reported to have consented to oppose Mr. Pnrkes ; but up to date elec tors here have not received any formiil declaration from either side. As a simple matter of courtesy, the electors are entitled to some public announcement. Three candidates are in the field for Camdon. Alderman Henry 'Willis, of Campbelltown, ad dressed a meeting at Ingleburn School of Arts, on Monday night, Mr, S. Skorritt ocoupving the chair. Mr. John Kidd is conducting a very oner getio canvas of tho electorate. He spoke at Ingleburn on Tuesday evening, Mayor white house presiding. Mr. Chas. Bull opened his campaign at Camden on Monday. During the week Mr. H. E. Mclntosh has addressed numerous large meetings of friends and supporters On Saturday last at hjs meet ing at Singloton's Union Hotel a vote in favor of the candidate was carried unanimously, as also were votes taken at Butler and McKoy's stores, 'West- street on Tuesday, and at St. Ives on 'Wednesday evening. All these meetings ?wore largely attended, and his supporters express the strongest hopes for his return. Mr. Dowell O'Keilly wns challenged at his meeting on Tuesday evening, by one of his listeners, ps to ' What he had done for Pavra mattn,.' He could most fittingly reply, ' Wh»t had he left undone '!' He had obtaiued from the Works Department a retur:-. showing what money had been spent in Parrnmattti during the last three or four years. It amounted to £:V-,(,00 and covered tho cost, of Courthouse and Parra matta North Post Office, grants to Fire Brigades \--.nd Friendly Societies, etc He could not con sent to go through the list ; but there wero £33,000 spent in tho town. A voice : Who goc any of it ? Mr. O'Eeilly : There's one thinR pretty certain ; you didn't. The crowd laughed. Mr. O'Roilly in his election udilress stated that ho thought Mr. E. J. Biown played it ' rather low! down1' when he made one of the strin'gs to his political bow reference lo the alleged shortcora inns of the Public Service Boa*d. Mr. O'Beilly added that ho was at tho time of the ' retrenchments ' in the closest touch with Dr. Manning, absolutely the cleverest, noblest and most high-minded servant that had ever been lost to the public service of New South Wales j and, though pressed by dozens of attendants to move, politically, in connection with their alleged in dividual grievances, he felt bound to assist that gentleman's intelligent fight for the Hospital for Insane men and bound to do nothing to hamper or prejudice jus efforts. .ihe political contest, so far as tho Eyde electorate is concerned, is now raging furiously. An attempt to form a central branch of the National Federal Party, in the Ryde electorate, in a big hurry, failed on' Saturday night. The only intimation was a short advertisement in a Sydney paper. When the ' secietary pro tem ' turned up he had a meeting all to himself. He found out, when it was too late, that if he wanted tho electors of ltyilo to roll up he should have inserted the advertisement in The Aiiqus, It transpires from on authentic source that Mr. Foxall narrowly escnped being nominated as the Federal Liberal candidate for tho Kyde electorate. He announces himself ns the Federal Liberal candidate all the same, and ho and Mr. Farnell are consequently sailing under tho snme colors. Mr. Foxnll denies the rumour that ho does not intend going to tho poll, and that it is hisiu iutentiou to resign in favor of Mr. Farnell just before the closing scene of the election. So has resigned a luorative Government posi tion and is confident of winning the seat. Mr. Foxall ib a forcible and eloquent speaker, and has braius. Not long ugo he made a big bid for King Division, having been defeated by five votes only. . The question was asked at a meeting of the Glaiiesville Progress Association as.to whether the Association would tnke any stand with regard to the political content. A chorUB of '' Nous ' promptly decided the question and convinced the questioner that discussion was needless. There is a disposition in Drummoyne to return either u Baitonian or a lieidite to the new parlia ment. The reomt adverse yote of the Orange lodues of the Kyde electorate in connection with the caudidatuie of Mr. Frank Faruell is fieely -iit-- cunsed. In connection with this matter THE Argus has been severely condemned for publish ing the information, iho uccuiacy of which, how ever, no one has attempted to deny, and its re|jiosentative lifts been, vehemently accused botli publicly and privately of having either furnished tho information with a mnlioious intention or having been ' used' ' by those whoao motives were spiteful and malicious. Tho e who upo.k in this intuuipcrate and unreasonable strain aro cither aillicted with an overdose of nmlicu them solves, or are woefully ignorant of the funotions of the press. — Tho information was freely cir culute Tin the village and district as well as on the trains nnd having an important bearing on the eleotions if found its way; to tho AeouS: cbluniUB through the ordinary channel. —Had it l.ot done so our repreeontative, whose duty it is to uluuuiole events us they occur, could justly have been blamed' for want of attention to hid business.. . flhv Hurserltns altered tbo daleB of hia Holroyd JPjd-p'e6t and Blacktowu meetings. - ? .- DowollO'UsiHy ha&.tUo koai Town Hall en-. 'Riigiil: for the tvehinB' before the battle a couple of weeks ago. ? ' ?'? ? ' ? * ., * ' Are any of the candidates in favour of a reform of tbo Electoral Act. to compel aspirants to ad dress electors in building* in mid winter. Some of the * c*n-iMatcs' will have a lot to answer for if they only talk at pub. corners. Public halls aro cheap enough, in Parramatta. and If dies aro anxious to listen to the local political leaders. Tho Federal Association of fsydnny wanted to hear Messrs. Brown's and Ferris'a views ; but the latter, objected, contending th*t a Sydney body conl'l not understand which candidate had tho best c'liince. ' Mr. }-iirton'« -1-*ierli-n of Bourke to takp on tho Premior in King is suggestive of a. feur about Millen's ntrongth. The friends of the Parramattn. Federal candi dates have been exerting their i.ufl-i once with the parent association to get their particular labelled '? the real Muckay.' ' The Sydney Association have selected Mr. Brown. ; Alilerman caunders at the Anti-Convent:on Bill me-tiiig : ?' Mr. Eeid has not failed on. the Federal question ; he has dono more than any other man to forward the movement: therefoie lie -is, -worthy to be trusted to complete the work. If he fails to go on with it, then will be the time to withdraw our confidence from him.' (Ap plause). ???'?? . : . The seconder of the resolution : ' I supported Mr. O'Keilly .when he first put up. mainly be cause he spoke »s a supporter of Mr. Eeid'a pulocy of land and income tax. I strenuously assisted in .Mr. O'Keilly's return the second time beoause of. his consistent faithfulness. In my judgement he has shown himself an honest legislator. He has striven 'for' the interests of Parratnatia in a manner that cannot but be gratifying to the people. Alderman Saunders : ' Shall we trust Mr. Raid with our democratic government, or sliall we put in power Mr, Barion. who haB no sympathy whatever with the people who would be most uffected by the Federal Constitution ? ' '' You don't bwallow printers ink, do you ?'' queried a fair-linired man to Mr. MoGowan. '? Well,' replied the dark-haired McGowan, ' I lookna if I'd swallowed more than yon— I'm a bit blacker ! ' . The "Telegraph" reported that Mr. O'Reilly had a large and enthusiastic meeting at Parramatta N. on Thursday night and gave a report of his speech. Smart reporting ! It would have been near enough, only the meeting was not held. The death was announced from Brisbane the other day of Dr. R. B. Scholes, who in the seventies occu- pied one of the medical positions at Parramatta Hospital for Insane. He married Miss Burn, daughter of the then Matron of the Hospital. His death took place very suddenly. He was superinten- dent of the Hospital for Insane at Goodna (Q). Mrs. Scholes and four children survive him. Mr. A. S. Bean, brother of Mr. W. G. Bean, of Wentworthville, died very suddenly at Brisbane last week. The latter had only just returned from a visit to his brother, and the telegram of his death was a great shock, as, although he was in failing health, there was no reason to expect his death. From the notices in the Brisbane papers, it is certain that Mr. Bean was held in high esteem over there. In the "Brisbane Courier" we notion two letters published (one from the University students), expressing regret at the loss the colony had sustained by his death. Mayor Miller of Bankstown was married very quietly last week to a charming young lady who was was an occasional visitor to Blacktown. The affair was so quiet that the name of the bride has not leaked out yet and there has naturally been some disadvantage about presenting congratulations to the couple. THE ARGUS presents its congratulations to the gay young Mayor. 