IN THE CRIP OF HATE. .-j... . — — ; — ' i PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By A. W. ISWCabat-asSaLaaa.oax'fe, 'AUTHOR OF "BY RIGHT OF SWORD," "A HERITAGE OF PERIL " ''SIR JAFERAY'S .WIFE,"' "THE MYSTERY OF MORTIMORE.STRANGE," "BY WHOSE HAND? "THE OLD MILL MYSTERY." "MISER HOADLEY'S SECRET, ' &c.;, &c.; V COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XVII.— IN THE TOILS. j ' "i 'All the. house was as still and- quiet as the grave,: save for the ticking of the' great , hall ; clock;: the moonlight, streaming , through the 'glass dome at the top of the square staircase; .gave weird-effects of light and shade, and the noise of; the wind and the" sea sounded drear .and mournful. ' Mercy's rooms lay apart from the- rest in one; of the many additions which had been- iniide to the Court from time to time, and there ."jivas not-a chance of the Colonel's footfalls on the s<i>ft thick stair carpet being heard.'. ! " J At,thfe door he stopped, and stooping down put his ear to the keyhole and listened. Not -a: sound. With an infinitely gentle touch he ,.;turned.'the handle and pressed it Inward'/The door ,wa's locked. But the. fact pleased' him: ! Heifad ; foreseen the need to be .prepared for this. , He himself had chosen" this room for the'girl, and had had fitted to the door a lever arrangement, by which that part of the , door-post into which the bolt Of the lock fitted could be moved away by a spring operated from outside. It was as necessary to ' his. plans that anyone sleeping in the room should- be able ,to feel themselyes secure, as it was. that ;h'e should lie able to enter the room un der' any circumstances. He. had, morep'ver,. taken: every care to see that the ingenious mechanism was in perfect working. order. A, touch of the hidden lever on the outside was: enough. -Instantly and without thp leasj: noise he felt the door yield as he held it„-and a moment later he was Inside the foom. . He stoqd for a moment, to make sure that the girl hgd heard nothing: but all was quite still: save for the rattling casement. He crept across the room, to the bed, draw ing out' his handkerchief , and the phial - of Chloroform for the first .part of the grlni .work:.- . There were curtains to the. head of- the bed; and before drawing them back: he poured put the chloroform in readiness. , Then with a stealthy and infinitely.' cau-f tious hand he pulled back- 1 the curtain" and bent.'over the bed. i -V- - ' It was empty! And in his 'surprise he step- back quickly, and his foot struck the leg . of a small table standing by the bedside,' and caused a glass and water-bottle upon it to rattle. . is . The jjoise. was slight, but- ienough to rouse Mercy, who. had fallen Intp 'ri. light dose iii her phair by the window: /She started .and woke. The air from the window, which was .slightly open at the top.'daused a draught from the door, and looking round' she saw it was open. ; " She jumped to her feef.'/ahd with a -heart , cramp of fear tried to call' oil t. .'Jgot a sound -jjassed her lips. .i-ii'Then she. caught sight of the figure by the bed.hut did not recognise it.' In the dim un- certain' light. Her fear became almost a . „ paralysis. The remembrance of the mys terious footsteps she and ' Lallu had . heard flashed into her thoughts,' "and she believed /.for a moment that what", she saw was a ghost.. She watched it, fascinated with .-horror, and too hysterical td. get a coherent sound from her lips. Her ".eyes followed every movement until she saw the figure glide across the room to the door, which seemed to close behind it as noiselessly as' though the whole were a vision. With fife disappearance of the figure' , Mercy recovered her voice, -and 'rushing to the door and finding it locked and bolted as she herself had fastened it, she sent up . scream after .scream for help, as with hys- terical'fia'ste she tore back the heavy bolt ,;imiIAhe. lock, and then fell half-swooning iJASitli terror up'on the floor. . (The whole 'house was roused by" her cries. TThe first to come were the two Indian ser- vapts, -Lallu following close behind them., ' -They lifted her, half-unconseious, on to the ' tied, and when she was recovering her mo- tlier and the Colonel and Juan came. -"(What's the' matter?" asked Colonel Roca. (''Who has been screaming? Has anything happened?" V j-Tt Is Mercy," said Lallu. --"We- found bp'r.'Jylng on the floor just inside her room -. JUalf'fainting." , -'"Oh dear, oh dear," cried Mrs. Roca, hear ing . this. "And here we are' miles from a - (doctor; Oh, this dreadful house!" and. she . jrpshed hysterically to the bed-side. ' :i-VJt ,it Is anything serious," qald- the , ".'Co-,. . If.hel;. readily, "I .will drive at: once for:; a: ?dt>cwr." . ... i-But it 'was soon apparent that there was nothing more serious than a very severe , fright. Gradually Mercy regained compo- aUre;' though she -frightened .her mother nearly out of her wits several times by clutching hc-r suddenly, and declaring with a half- scream she could still see a figure mov- Igg Avhere the. rest knew there was nothing '.but. empty space. When she had grown" calm enough- to explain what had happened .she" told the story In little jerks -of narra tive, ail those who were in the room listen ing with absorbed interest. Mrs. Roca and Lallu were the most affected, and the former roused the Colonel's anger ,by the persistency with which she used the occasion to accentu- ate her own nervous alarms. ' "Mercy must have fallen asleep by the . window," he said — "though why on .earth- 'she; should want to get out of bed in order to- sleep in a chiiir I can't understand— and hnye had one of those exceedingly viv'cl dt earns which her imagination ; creates." . , ".It was, no dream," .exclaimed. Mercy. "I saw. "the figure!" . , ; '.'.But you say the door wns locked,- and. bolted, . child," said her mother. "Are you \- sure?"-' ' ' r. . ; "Quite. I remember holting .it— I' always: do — and. I remember tearing at the bolt Just how when the figure had vanished." JI think it is time. you saw a doctor,'! .de clared the Colonel. "But the best "thing you can do is to get oft to sleep again its fast as you can, 'and wait until daylight helps you to laugh at your dream." "I will never be alone again at night in this .house," cried' Mercy! gazing about her. and trembling violently with fright. "I will stay with you," said Lallu, .readily. "And'-Ab Dur will sleep outside the' door." Tho 'Colonel at first opposed this as non- serse, : arid said the man ought . not to be ri-bbed' of his rest; but a word from Lallu was enough', -and the Indian could not be tiirned from the proposal. ' ( ' When .the others had gone and the two girls were alone, -Lallu made Mercy describe (to- her the-, whole' incident,, in the fullest possible detail, and during ' the telling put question after question upon all manner of points bearing upon the .supposed superna- turni character of the -visit. . The Indian girl was full- of superstitious fears and beliefs to the finger-tips, and de clared that slie knew of her own knowledge that the spirits of the dead revisited the . earth; and she began to relate weird and ghastly experiences of a blood- chilling cha racter,, until Mercy had to beg her to de sist.- i ' "There is a curious smell in' the room," .said Lallu more than once. "I can't un derstand it." "I. noticed it before— when . that horrible thing was here," . said Mercy. It was a faint scent of drugis; and Lallu got out of bed once to search for the cause 'of it, but found nothing; and soon afterwards the two girls 'fell asleep, in each other's arms.. In the morning Morcy was much better. The anxiety and fright had preyed upon her, and she was-stlfi looking ill and scared, -but-she was able- to think of the occurrence calmly, and to persuade herself that it had been no more than a very vivid dream, in which she had left her bed. And gradually she came to smile at herself for her weakness. But when she was dressing, and Lallu had gone to her own room, she made a discovery. Throwing back the bedclothes she found. the cause of the faint smell that had puzzled her and Lallu. In the bed was a handkerchief, stained somewhat, but still retaining the relics of the faint scent. And Mercy detected the scent directly. . It was cliloroforrn; and. .the .handkerchief 'was marked with Colonel Roca's name. How could it possibly have come into her bed? Who had been using chloroform, and for what purpose, in her room? There was the chance, that it might have been brought there when they came crowding into the room. But there was also another suggestion that made her heart beat fast, and set her shrinking with a fresh clilll of fear. Had it, after all, been no more than a dream or a vision? Yet her door had been locked ana bolted. Could there be some secret entrance? No; the thing was impossible. Sqmeone must have brought the handkerchief into the room after she had screamed and have drop- 1 ped it by accident. She would wait and make an inquiry. But when Bhe went to bid her mother good morning, another surrpise was in store. After .having kissed' the girl and made much of her, saying how pale she looked, her mother said: "I'm afraid you're not so careful as you used to be, Mercy, dear, and .last night nearly 'made a mistake. Here's-'your chlora) left in my room, and I was very nearly taking a dose by accident. I wish you'd carry It to your room, though I do hope you're not going to take to opiates." ''My chloral?" questioned .Mercy, in sur- nrise. "Yes: dear, your name's on the label. From Hunt's, at Pe'ntham." Mercy stared at. the- name In bewilderment Then with an effort she collected her thoughts and said it ought not to have been left there, and she. would, take it up to her room. . When she reached there she sat down a minute to think: Was she going mad? Had she boughtTthis .stuff and forgotten all about it? Had she been using chloroform, and for-: gotten it, to drug herself into sleep because her brain was tired? Or was it all part of some -desperate scheme against her safety? When she went downstairs the others were at breakfast, and the Colonel, who had heard from his wife that the bottle had been given to the girl, said casually, "By the way, Mercy, when I was over at . Peptham yesterday, I was in Hunt's, the chemist, and told him about: your inaomnia.He advised a mild dose of chloral now a'nd then; so I brought a little for you." "'Thank'' you. But who else in the house wants it? I see someone has had a close of it already. Have you needed any?" "I? No, certainly not. Your mother made a mistake, in the night and upset a little of Mercy felt" too ill to prolong the conversa tion or provoke any dispute, but the falseness of fhe story was clear enough to her and the entire incident of tho night before took a fresh form in her thoughts. She kept brood ing over it at intervals during the day, and trying to decide upon some definite course of action. - '. Her mother remained too ill and nervous to be told' even about the 'statement of the ; woman in th0 cottage"; and the day brought another reason for silence, moreover. Morcy went twice to the woman's cottage, and found.it shut up and apparently deserted. Thus her ..evidence was gone. She had no doubt that the Colonel had used some kind of influence— money '. prpbably — to get the woman 'away; but as she had gone there was nothing to prevent him declaring that- the whole story was a myth— like her vision of the night before.- : . Her nerves had been so shaken, moreover,1 that tlie feeling of helplessness was producing a quite exaggerated .sense of his power.; Wherever she turned he was able to' check-1 mate and menace her! ' Her despondency grew upon her until she; was again' driven, to question whether she; herself was or was not under- some strange- hallucination. Had she - only Creamed this' interview with the woman? Was her brain' giving way, and- playing- these tricks of vivid; imagining? " . : ; This thought frightened -her seriously, -and' when she -went back to the: house it was with a half-fear that she - was . getting '.ill . mentally 1 and becoming a prey- to hallucinations. But when' she. reached the . house another - startling -incident. awaited her! -- Lallu met her, large--eyed with suppressed excitement. - ' ' .. ' y ' "Come with -pie," she cried/ quickly; and, led the way to-Meroy's room. "Go into -yhur room and ' leave me here. Loclc-and bolt/the door, and 'go and -sit down ' where you were last night and olose'-your eyes and ears." ' i..', ' She went In and did-as she was asked, won dering. . / / ' . A minute later Lallu called to her to-open , them, and the. Indian .girl ,was standing by the bedside, and -the door of the: room was locked and bolted'as.before; , " "Now sit down and close your : eyes arid- ears again"; she did so.- and-then Lallu called to her from outside the- locked and bolted door. '- .<'' v What could It all mean? "Gome. to the door and keep your eye on the lock arid bolt," called Lallu,' the next -moment ; and then to Mercy's dismay she saw the fas- . tening glide away perfectly noiselessly, and let Lallu enter.. - : ' ' "How on.earth dld.you find that- obt?" she exclaimed. "I did riot! Ab' Dur Showed "me. It is no : ghost that haunts' this house, Mercy. It is Colonel Roca." ' / Mercy saw It all plainly, enough- now, but did not tell even Lallu of the real object of the visit to her room. "What shall we do?" she. asked, nervously. ! "1 have done something already," was the . reply. "I have sent Ab Dur to fetch Mervyn Rhodes.", CHAPTER XVIII.— THE SHADOW OF A YET DARKER STORM. The thought .that .Mervyn Rhodes was coming and that they- would have someone to : whom they .could "speak unreservedly "was infinitely pleasant to both Mercy and Lallu; and they waited through-- .the . remainder of that day and all the .next with the patience of agreeable anticipation. But when no news came of either him or Ab Dur- on the -second morning, nor all through the day, and when the same blank result marked the. following day, both be came very/anxious. », "Ab Dur has never failed me before," said Lallu, wonderingly. ! "Are you sure he -knows where Mervyn's chambers are?" . , . "He has been there — with me," she added, after a momentary pause; and then she- told what she. had. done!' setting the action down not to love, but curiosity. "Mr. Rhodes must be away,!'- she said. 1 7 . "Or something have happened to Ab' Dur. Everything seems tb. fall us. just at'- this Junc ture,", sighed, Mercy, -despondingiy. . "Ab Dur will not fail, us.'! He' will.' come If he has to crawl on his. stofnaeh . from 'London here, and his faithfulness will keep him allve till he reaches' us." . . "Yet it -does not come," cried Mercy!; wearily. . , ( He did not' return till the evening of the\ fourth day, and then -had-a strange story to tell.1" ' . .. " "I had to hide — to lose myself," he said, earnestly,, when explaining .things to Lallu. "There is danger:— danger, i believe, of . a deadly sort. I went- to- Mr. Rhodes's rooms and, they told me; first, that he was out, then that he was away," arid lastly that he was ill." ..." . ' . . : "Hll'i exclaimed both girls together. "So they, said, arid I asked could I see. him. They' told me no, he was not there. Where was he? They -could not- or would not say. He was away; he was ill and away; and that if I wanted to sky' anything I must write." , . "Did you ask if he was seriously 111?" cried Mercy. :- \- "No. -I- said I would go back the next day, and. every day until he was better. But I did not go." ' "Why not?" ' - "I left the place and walked nway, and as I. was standing .outside- a large restaurant in ithe Strarid'I saw a face I had not seen for eight or . ten years.' I : stepped back and turned my head from hirii; but he is as quick as light itself, and saw and knew me instant ly. He touched me on the shoulder and I shuddered.- 1 know his power for.- evil; He questioned me. but I answered, anything but the truth. .. . He was trying 4o get from me news that would ruin us all/and I would not let a word , pass my. lips. 'You are a poor liar, Ab'Dur," he said, trying to anger me at last; "but you will avail nothing. We know much now, to a few days shall know all. Go.' I turned away, but I knew that I jvas to be -folio wed and hunted by men to whom no bloodhound Is an equal, and I knew, too, that I must . (Usappear If the lives of us all were' to be saved." "I don't understand you," said Lallu, on whose face the look of bewilderment had been gradually deepening. "I cannot tell you all now. But it is the one aim and task of that man ito find you, and 4f he does it " He ruised his hands and bowed, and shook his, head as though no words could express the fear ithat he enter tained of the consequences. "But what have I done? It is years since I left India, I -was a child, Ab Dur. You forget." The man looked at her earnestly for a min ute, his eyes kindling with the faithful affec tion that bound him to her. '.'it is pveu as I spy. Have I ever said to you the thing that was false?" There was no mistaking the sincerity of the man, or his deep anxiety; and the result of the Interview was to aggravate greatly both the fear of, the girls and their sense of help lessness; while added to all was the new anxiety about Mervyn Rhodes' illness. "I shall write to Mr. Musgrave at once," said Mercy; "but It is no use posting the let ter here. I will write ithe letter to-ntgrit, nnd .to-morrow ride with It into Fentham." In the letter she aslced for news of Mervyn Rhodes, and enclosed a short letter for him to be forwarded; and she concluded by ask ing the lawyer' to come down to the court. "There are matters here I cannot write to you about, but I must have help. I am more mlserbale than I can say.'.' She carried out-her proposal to ride with the letter into" Fentham on the 'following day, and passed the next two days in a fever of -sus pense. She made sure of an answer by return of post, and comforted herself with the confi dent expectation that the lawyer would come down the moment the letter -reached his hands. But to her dismay there was - not even a letter from hl'm. Was everybody deserting her at this crisis? After lunch, however, severak hours after- the usual time for the letters to Arrive, the1 Colonel brought her' one and gave it to her. "It arrived among mine, and I did not notiqe: it was for you. I have just' ' befen ' lbOKing. through mine; and saw this was for youY She' took it, and was about' to.' tear it '6pen, when she caught Ills gaze flxetl upon her.' She! put it In her pocket instead, and went away to.' read it alone. Before she opened it, she -ex-: amined it very closely, arid cleve'rlY though; the work had been done, she saw the envelope; had been steamed' and Yefadtened. " . "When she opened it a sore! disappointment' awaited her, - ! It was from a clerk, and stated merely 'that1 Mr. Musgrave was on the Continent, that ills- address was uncertain; and that as soon asfiie; returned (the letter, would be gtWtf t'o ' I' The tears rushe'd' into her eyes'lds SH'e'yha1 it. There' was ridt a soul in the country- now; to whom she could look for help, and she felt ; utterly .broken-down and miserable. In her- disconsolateriess She' want out-bnjtb: the walk at the. top' of the breakwater,- and: presently saw. that the Indian- Ab Dur "was watching .her from "a point' where he"could not be seen from the house/; -It was a!very unusual thing; and she went; toward hirri: I "Can I speak to you ?" hri askecl, when She came near. , :>. ' ,. i , m "Yes: WhatUs it?"' ! ' - - '! '-U' ; '.'WUl you walk here? Itils'cut off froth the house." . ; I - -I. \\- ; | They Walked a few paces 'awayf arid"! th'eri Mercy sfood awaiting for him-'td!begifi.'-J " \- 'T have tried for two days td'see' S/ou alone . ' — since my -return. There is- real danger, i which I dared not -tell the other iday. Yet I - must teir-someone, because something triust . be done at once. I could have -told your 'mo-, ther before tills,, but not ttfe' Colonel. -:Shall ; I tell you?" ' .- . . (to be continued.) 