NOTES FROM MELBOURNE. (BY RECENSEO.) " He's down non his back : don't let him get up. Kick him well, anddon't be afraid. He's got no friends." That is the way of the world. We see it every day, and never more plainly than now, while this one sided tussle is going on between Spain and the United States of America. For one thing, Spain has alienated the sympathies of the Anglo-Saxon race, owing to. her brutal treatment of the native races of her colonies. The experience of cen turies goes to prove her unfitness to hold colonial possessions, and therefore humane people are not sorry at the prospect that promises the severance of the last link that connects her with over-sea territory and subject races. But, whilst we are just, let us be generous. Whidst approving the policy that wrests from Spain the colonies she is both unable to control and unfit to govern, is there any need to grow hysterical over the matter ? Is it abso lutely necessary to dance, gesticulate, and vociferate over the prostrate body of Don Spaniard, while he is being kicked into a mass of pulp by our good cousin Jonathan of :the star-spangled banner ? To lend a cordial, but digni fied approval of what is being done is one thing ; to go wild over the matter, and magnify every trifling advantage that is gained by one side, and unneces sarily disparage the other, is another thing, and hardly conforms to British ideas of fair play. But it is what the Melbourne press has been doing, and I am sorry to say the British press to some extent set the bad example. Mind you ; I do not mean to dis parage the American's in any manner of way. I think it was high time that some one interfered between Spain and the revolted subjects she could not subdue. And, as no one else took up the matter, the United States Govern ment were not perhaps very wrong in doing what has been done. At the same time my sympathles are with Spain as the weaker party, and I cannot exult over the so-called glorious victories of an overwhelming force over a smaller one, any more than I could watch, unmoved, two or three bull dogs worry a cat to death. Victory ! What is a victory ? To my mind a victory-at least a victory to exult over-a complete defeat of one side, after a fight between equal forces, by the other side. When two armies, or two navies, about equal in numbers, arms, and other aquipments, meet each other in battle and fight for mastery, then the party that is worsted yields the palm of victory to the other. But can any one say that an action has been fought under these conditions during the current war? What was the battle in Manila harbour ? Can any one sup pose that anything short of destruction was possible to the Spanish fleet in face of the overwhelming force brought against it? On one side were big ships and big guns; on the other, small ships and light guns; the odds were almost two to one : the big ships with the heavy guns took up a position where not a shell from the Spaniards could reach them, and leisurely proceeded to pound them to pieces-so leisurely, in fact, that they stopped in the middle for breakfast. And after the Spanish fleet was des troyed-the fleet that was unable to strike a blow-the result of the Ameri can gunnery practice was called a glorious victory ? The term victory seems a misnomer when the fighting is all on one side when the attacking force is so over whelming that resistance is impossible. No one that I remember ever called that affair a victory when the Russians utterly destroyed the Turkish fleet at Sinope. Well : the Manila affair was Sinope on a smaller scale. So, again, in the Cuban waters, the Spaniards are overmatched--both in the number of ships, guns, and men. Take this latest affair at Santiago, where, amongst other incidents, we read of several American ships chasing a single torpedo boat, all of them firing at her. Of course, they destroyed her ! How could they help doing otherwise ? Then, in the battle itself :-There were four armoured ships engaged on each side. Well, you say :-There they were equal. Stop a bit, and let us look at them. The Americans carried amongst them 14 guns of 12 and 13 inch calibre. The Spaniards had to cope with these only 8 guns of xo and ri inch calibre. In addition the Americans had42 guns of 6 and 8 inch calibre. To oppose these, the Spaniards had 40 guns of only 5. inch calibre. To fire the 56 American grns only once, required considerably over half a ton of gunpowder. To fire the 48 Spanish guns only once, required considerably less than a quarter of a ton of gunpowder; and, whilst the Americans at a single dis charge throw projectiles weighing 2 x, 700o pounds, the Spaniards could only throw 9,236 pounds. We read that the Spanish ships were soon on fire and destroyed. Do you wonder at that ? Of course what the Americans did was the right thing to do. Nobody objects to that. The objection comes in when such inci dents are claimed as " glorious vic tories." Such were not Nelson's victories, and he had had a little more practice. The taking of the Merrimee, and sinking her in the channel-as he sup. posed-by Mr (now Captain) Hobson, under the fire of the batteries defend ing Santiago harbour, was a plucky thing-a very plucky thing indeed. It was an act that deserved the notice which the Melbourne papers have taken of it. But the act was equalled for bravery, if not surpassed, by that of the Spanish officers and crew of a torpedo boat which attempted to blow up an American ship in Manila bar hour. The American vessels were in the act of shelling the Spanish fleet, when, regardless of the crashing shells, directed against him by the concen trated fire of many guns, the Spaniard dashed forward against the enemy, and was only checked, by being sent to the bottom. Now mark the difference. The Yankee is lauded to the skies, whilst the Spaniard's equally bare act is dismissed with the brave remark that he was quickly "blown out of the water." Poor devil! He was on the losing side. The fact is the Spaniard has put himiself out of court by his cruelty. But that is nq reason why he should be denied all sympathy, while his sen tence is being carried out. He is brave, even mn his misfortunes, and misforttine bravely borne demands, and should receive, our sympathy. At sea he has never had a cha the ghost of a chance. But h nor given a good account of himselfha land; and so far from Santiago beiog taken after a seige of .18 hours t American general having made vaunt, found he could not take itat all with the troops at his disposal. As I have said, the Spania.dhas t- go. We all agree that he desetes that much. But some of us do thin that the thing might be done with les howling after a fallen belligerent, an less of laudatory clap-trap of the vi who gains his cause in virtue of bigg ships, bigger guns, and a great many more of them, than his adversary. [This article was crowded out of o last issue.] 