l»llOl-ioTi|||!li|lo' |ll(- Invisible. V WONIJItOfS UKVKl.Ol'MHNT. (I'rom Ihu ' Saturday Review.'.) We ;iro flill niystery-loving enough lo bo roused tu a stale of interest by nny tangible manifestation of the in visible, especially when it conies to uh under scienlilic authority. A curi osity ot this nature was awakened by l.'r Kussoll's 'Experiment!) on tbo Action of Metali, and Other Sub stances on a 1'liotngrnphic Plate,' ns Iho dry title has it; nnd this curiosity has received an additional stimulus from the further researches which Iiu expounded to the Royal Society in tho liakcriiin lecture in March. Tho titlo of the lccttito might almost have been ' the catching of invisible vapors, mid tho manufacture and photography of gho3ts.' For although thia advanced photography is quite ft picco of Inttor-dny science, yet thero clings about theso experiments with invisible vapors given off from newspapers, metals, pillboxes, wood, nnd a thous and diverse substances, an nit' of mediieval romauco wafled from tho days of Albertus Magnus. It is probably within tho recollection of niofct of us that Dr Russell discovered that an enormous variety of substan ces wero capable of giving a perinnn cut record of their surfaces on a photographic plate when thoy woro placed in contact with it nnd left for some timo in the dark. But thero was no definite explanation of tho cause of this. AVhy should a pieco of wood a hundred years old, or a newspaper cutting, or a polished shcot of /.'me, photograph itsolf in this way? The reply is at last forthcoming — encb of those, substances gives off its own par ticular vapor, presumably in tho form oi a gns, aim tins vapor can net upon the silver salts in tho sensitivo pinto in precisely the samo manner ns light ilsulf. Tho manufacture of ghosts lends additional proof of tho vapor thoory. A Bheot of polished zinc Ib cut into some ahnpo, say thnt of a ghost (tra. ditional form), nnd is placed in con tact with a pieco of whito cardboard for loino timo j tho zinc is thon rumored, and tho enrdbonrd tied up with a photographic pinto. AVIion tho pinto comes to bo dovelopod thoro npponrs a blnck ghost on a whito bnck ground. 'Whilst tbo zinc nnd card board were tognther tho zinc vapor hna been entering tho pores of tho enrd, ao that to all nppcaranco ns blank as bol'oro thero is, in reality, o ghost dopicted in it in zinc vapor nnd this ghost oan bo inndo visible ouly by tho photographic) menns doscribed nbovo, It la too onily to arrivo nt any flnnl conclusion about thoao things, but wo ?hall certainly havo to revolutionise our Ideas about vnpora in gonornl, Wo aro not at all usod to think of nickol, zinc, and aluminium as onch giving off tho vnpor of its particulnr molnl nt ordinnry tompornturoB ; ntill losa can wo at preBont roaliso tho calm manner in which theso emimionn Btalk through sheotB of gelatine and collu loid as though thoro woro nothing thoro. But tho facts reinniu and con stituto ouo of tho moat curious and interesting dovolopmonts of Bcionco thnt hna occurrod for a long timo. 