■BETWEEN'TWO WORLDS. "G'liAPTEIl I. A long spell of ill-health and the ^ony of certain business affan's had reduced me to a condition of mental and physical prostratioir, I L\ad grown so miserably dyspeptic and irritable, and suffered so much from in somnia, and all manner of- consequent nervous aberrations, that my own fears, and my doctor s jvarnings, prevailed upon me to take a rest and try a change of scene and sound. I emancipated myself from the cares of business, and escaped from the caged snarling of the city to the joyous, free roar of the sea. I was in no humor to enjoy the amenities of a seaside boarding-house, and was glad, through the kindly offices of a friend, to secure two rooms in a quaint old cottage which stood by itself off the road that runs above the cliffs from Brighton to Rottingdean. The old datne, my landlady, was an excellent cook ; I had books with me and painting" materials, for I was fond of reading and dabbling in art-; and all my surroundings were as pleasant and as placid as the most exacting invalid could desire. The profound quietude of the place soothed ire as a cool hand soothes a fevered brow. It allayed the haunting unrest that had troubled me so long ; it seemed by degrees utterly to absorb me. I forgot the city and all my anxieties, and drifted there immersed in a vague, dreamful case, without enery to care or think any more, either of the past or the future. Then slowly I began to recover. Slowly the love of life began to return to mo, and within six weeks I was so far myself again that I could take long walks without fatigue, and, discontinuing my invalid habit of going early to bed, would frequently sit up over a pipe and a book for a ""good hour after my hostess had. retired for the night. Sitting up thus,.one Saturday, a very re markable experience happened to me. Outside, as I knew, the night was bleak and overcast ;-but within my little room was cheery with the fire and the lamplight, and I lay snugly back in a low, chintz-covered arm chair, with my slippered feet on the fender. I was so taken with the book I was reading, and everything about me was so silent, that the suddt-n fall of a cinder from the grate sent a startled thrill tingling through and through me, and almost at the same moment there sounded a.hurried, muffled rapping on the door of the house. Before I could rise the summons was re peated. There was no knocker on the door, and tlierrappirig Vas~s6ff and tremulous, a3 of a child's fingers, yet made itself audible with a strange distinctness. - • - I crossed the room and flung the door open. ■ In the dark square of the doorway rose the figure of a man, outlined indistinctly against the black background, but with a face of ■suchghastly..whiteness.that it gleamed from the night clear cut in' every, feature, and as plainly visible as if it had been broad day—a young man; and slightly" built.'; Ifc was apparent, from his agitation and;; extreme pallor, that lie was in .dire distress; btit, as if .he had .beenstricken speechless-witkterror,. ;though his 'lips moved - eagerly no -i voice issued from them- Seeing I could not com preliendthimj-he wrun^ liis hands and, point ing .with frantic,gestures,, made , as if . he would liave me follow Ijira. - I am too unimaginative to.be a coward; catching something of his. excitement, I stepped across the threshold' and glanced in: the direction he indicateil- ; - I could make out dimly 'the curve of tiie grey road, through' the grass, but no living creature was anywhere distinguishable, and no noise broke the stillness save the long surge of the outgoing tide at the base of the cliffs. . I turned to question; .'my visitor, but he was gone. I was alone. The cliiil air pierced me to the bone, and shivering, less with cold than with a quick frenzy of fear, Id rew back into the house and closed the door. The calm, familiar aspect of my room helped me to compose myself, and my alarm subsiding, I was able to review what had happened with a rational bias, and was brought to the inevitable conclusion that my •health had suffered a serious relapse—in a word, that I had been the victim of an odd hallucination, a sort of optical illusion, such as I had suffered from rather frequently during the latter periods of my recent ill ness, though never before had they been so startlingly realistic. Being too unhinged to settle down again to my- book, I went upstairs to bed. But throughout that awful night I lay awake, that white, appealing face growing and fading and growing upon me from the darkness every time. I opened my eyes, and when I .closed them the weird pattering on the door below echoing persistently in hiy ears. By the light of next day the whole event seemed so ridiculously unreal that I made no mention of it to ariybody! For my own satisfaction X.did,. as., a. matter.o£ fact,- walk, out along tlie "roaH "iu the "direction indicated" by. my sirigtdar visitor," but' I came upon' nothing that unsettled my faith in the patho logical . interpretation- I had given to the incident. CHAPTER II. • -V % A few; weeks after my return to London I was invited to .spend an evening with some friends at Baysivater, .and,. starting.from.the. citywith a full two hours to spare, I decided to make'the journey afoot.' ; : : " Notliihg wds ^farther from my' thought^ 'than my Brighton experience,"when, crossing' a busy thoroughfare in the West End,' I was seized with, a sensation of fright and sick ness, and the face I remembered so well flashed suddenly upon my sight. I stood dazed and bewildered; then, as I regained my. self-control, the . miracle ex plained'- itself. Crossing the road, I had stepped on-to the pavement exactly opposite a photographer's shop, and there, occupying a", central position under an electric lamp in the window, was a life-sized presentment of the head 'and shoulders of the man who had haunted liie these many weeks past. I -recognised- liim instantly; every charac teristic of that, face had been minutely im pressed up3n .my memory, jand was here as minutely reproduced. The exactness of it' staggered me", with instant conviction, and seemed to render the c-veryday theories with which I had- accounted- for- the apparition alisolutely untenable. Without conscious volifioii-^ahiipst,-'as- if some (ihSeeii influence outside ■ inyself had led'.'inc..there—I found I had entered the shop, and was fronting an" urbane assistant across'tlie counter. Rising to the emergency, I proferred a few. compliments on the picture exhibited, and he became communicative. The por trait was an enlargement on an improved principle of their own device. Yes, it was undoubtedly an excellent likeness. No, they know practically nothing of the sitter : it was the first time the gentleman had ever been to them, and he had been uncommonly pleased with the result. '■I should think so," said I, "it is per fect/' "The gentleman is a friend of yoy.rs, sir I replied that lie was, and inquired whether they had a copy of the smaller por trait which thej-could sell to me. He was at first dubious, but yielding to (lattery and delicate persuasion, refened to a number on the-back of the enlargement, and fetched fiwm a nest of shallow drawers a sn.all puck&t.; which proved to contain the original nega tive and two unmounted prints. 1 selected • •lie of these, and, whilst he was wrapping it up for me, turned the packet over and read with pretended indifference the name and address inscribed on it. Within t.venty minutes of ([uining {he shop I had made my way to that address. "Mr. Cyril Rodney, sir," said the elderly female who answered my knock. " ile don't live here now." :l Where can T find him—do vu k.iow " I don'tsir." f>he went 011 to inimintc ihat he had left her suddenly, and without notice ; that, .indeed, between her and me, he was wanted oil a criminal charge, but neither the police nor anybody else could discover a trace of him. I asked ' where I might find any of his relatives. " lie ain't got none. But," she s,r'd, con fidentially, "he was engaged to a young lady, named Arran, as lives with her mother close by here. They couldn't tell you no more than I have, though." Nevertheless, 1 went 011 to Mrs. A Iran's. She was at home, and alone in the small front parlor into which I was conducted. I opened the interview by producing the photograph, and inquiring whether she re cognised it. I saw that she did. " You are acquainted with Mr. Rodney ?" " I was," she frigidly corrected mo. _" Can't you tell me what has become of him?" "I cannot." 1( oreseeing tli.it if I was to elicit any in formation from her I must myself play the first card ill the game of confidences, I told her frankly by what mysterious train of cir cumstances I had been drawn upon the trail of the missing man. She heard me with increasing amazement, and when I had concluded— " I cannot understand," she faltered. "It seems impossible that " " But it is not impossible," I interrupted emphatically. "I have never seen Mr. Rod-', nej', and till to-day never even heard his name. Yet, in the .way I have explained, I am per fectly familiar with his appearance. What I have told you is simple, unoxaggerated fact, and I want you to help me to get at some explanation of it. I have no object beyond that, I give you my word. I have never believed in such things as ghosts, but—— She was satisfied of my sincerity, and as keenly interested in the mystery that baffled 1110 as I was myself. "Ido not even know that Mr. Rodney is dead," she bsgan. "The truth is, we had known him many years, and he was engaged" to ray daughter." I bowed, and she continued "It is true, as that woman told you, he was, charged with forgery and embezzlement; but, for my part, I could never believe him guilty, nor could Marie, even though he himself confessed to it." Coming to details, she explained that some two months previously Rodney had gone away for a week's holiday. " He went to Brighton," she said. "He ai ranged to eome back by an early train on Sunday morning and dine with us that day. He never came. A friend of his—they were both in the some office—Mr. -Darcy calie(Lon: the;Monday evening and saw me privately. He had received an extraordinary letter from: Cyril—the police have, it now, , but I made a cony before they tobk~it;"; '; She went out . of the room and returned with her copy. " ' _ ' " Dear -Darey," it ran, . "I leave .this place to-night, and I hope to be out of England to-morrow:' Everybody1 will'"know why. in a dayior two. .,1 have played the fool at the office—got info.money difficulties and helped myself. Felt sure. I should be: able to put things straight before ! was found out,- but find I can't possibly do it. They are bound to discover everything in a day or two, and I daren't face it. Good-bye, old man. Don't expect to see any more of me. Break it to Marie. It's awful to think of never seeing her again. Ask her to, forgive: me, though I don't, deserve it.- . Goodtbye.—Ever yours, : CYRIL RoDXEY." ' | This .was posted from -Brighton ?" • " On. that Sunday night—yes. There was the Brighton postnlark on the envelope." Further, a comparison of dates showed that the. Saturday night on: which that letter" .was written and the Saturday.liight.on which the apparition had first appeared to me are identical. " And what was the forgery • - " Well, it seems he, obtained access.to the cheque book and tore out twoi forms .at the end of it. .iHe filled in one for £100 and. one for:£150,, and forged his firm's signature to both. There --are some -60 clerks in t-he oflice, and at the bank- they could not re member who had cashed "them. The police believe he had a confederate. . . . He must have,done it, I suppose ; there seems no doubt of it. And yet £ can't think it of hini. ^ - - \- If this. w is all, the. one clue I iiai stumbled updn had- ledriie deeper into.the mystery, but nojiearer-.to-any solution of it A :• Mrs. Arran called-her daughter;. and, de laying my departure, I was repeating my in credible narrative.to her when .the servant announced a visitor. ; ;;. / "Alr.rDarcy!',', ejaculated Mrs/'Arran::- i; I am:so glad he has come.I should like hira to see" you. "He-,was so fond of poor Cyril; • and has been so very kind to us ■ since ' - " Mr. Darcy came in with a brisk, buoyant step and a graceful, inclination .qf, his neat figure. He was a ta.ll, good-lookihg xnan, witjrcurled hair,-a military-moustaphe,-anda mincing, dandified manner.;;' 7 Passing niie without notice';'he shooir iiams with Mrs. Arran, and more fervently with her daughter. " This is fortunate. Toil are rather earlier thari we expected, Mr.- Darcy," said the to me : " This gentleman hiiS" called He wheeled round .with the politest of smjles, .but the moment iliis.glance "rested ■. on me a spasm of ghastly terror, struck across ; his; features. He put his hand out.blindly %and caught holdi upon;tlie .table as if •' tr>. iave himself from falling. Every, vestige of color " faded from; his lipsj;and;adeaf and' death-like ap him aghast, too astounded for the moment either to-speak or move. 7 7 !; V, "Mr. Darcy! What is 'it P'-^cried^Mrsr' Arran. "What is the matter 1 " He turned, his white face toward her as a:: 'blind man turns toward a sound. His whole form was shaking as with an ague,- and sway ing into, sudden collapse, he dropped to the ground and lay senseless." 7. • •_ . -We were tlirown-into; such confnsion that' I cannot clearly recall what'-immediatelyi followed. I believe,a doctor was sent.fox.. X Hnow we laid hini'ioii tlie couch and applied •some sort of restoratives, and before -tlie .doctor arrived—after a lapse of some ten minutes, niaybe—the rigidity i>f his muscles relaxed. He sighed oace or twice, and opened his eyes. feeing me, lie started again and shuddered. So far as I kneSv- we .were strangers to cacli other ; yet' he seemed to shrink in fear of me. Presently, putting " a" "stfdng~"contr61 upon himself, he said, in strained, hoarse whispers— " So ! You have me. Well.— thank heaven it Is over."-.;;- ■ 7- 7 : . . . We though; he was delirious. ' I did, at all events. ' " ■ -. - 7 - - • " I knew you would find me," he went on, an. awful excitement, struggling up through his ^weakness. " If you had been much longer I should have given myself up. You know-how it all happened?" He looked up at and the abruptness of \- his query fairly • took my breath away. On the impulse of the moment, thinking it better tolhumoi' liim, I gave liim thy reply he evi | deintly expected. •" Yes," lie groaned. " You know I did it. It's.all-up with mc. But I was driven to it— 'I was mad. I'd got into a terrible diiliculty, and thought if he was to suddenly disappear they would naturally blame him instead of me, arid then,"-lowering his voice, "I thought that- some day she might forget him " lie paused, fumbling absently 'in his waistcoat pocket, and went on with a touch of reckless ness. " I knew his haunts at Brighton. We had often been there together. 1 went flown that Saturday afternoon, and he was delighted to see me. I told him I was seedy, and had simply come on a Saturday to Monday trip. "1 proposed a walk to llottingik-an. We didn't hurry ourselves--had supper there, and it -vas after 10 when we started lo walk back. We passed your cottage—he noticed the 1 i;rht in the window. We left the road and walked on the grass by tlie cliff edge and .stopped, and stood trying to make out a light at some dis tance over these;;. "He looked round casually (it was pitch dark—no lights anywhere but' the one across the water and the one in your window) and ! scared me by wying with a laugh, • What an ideal place fo; a murder, Darcy ! A good shriek would ju-:, about reach that Cottle and give them fits." " H;s words frightened me, and at the same time brought all the devil in me upper most. 1 liad a "loaded : tick, with nit*.* lie was looking ^tnvay fmii me at your e it tage. arm as he fell, and sent him sheer fiver the side oi" the cliff." V, e sat <! uwlifviiii horror and invrcduh'tv. "i d-m r think he made any he then I've dreamt about it, and done it again, and each time he has shrieked—I can't get it out of my ears—-and you have Inward him, and come from that accursed cottage, and chased me and had me down, struggling like a wild beast—until I awoke reeking with perspira tion, and found I had been dreaming. Still, if I could see your face so clearly-you could sec mine ; and I always knew it was more than a dream—I always Knew you were looking for me, and would hunt me down—< specially sance one night, when I couldn't sloe;.), he came and leaned over me, and you with him, and he pointed and seemed to say to you, ' This is the man !' " "But his letter?" gasped Mrs. Arran. " A forgery--easier than the other two I put off on him. I took the letter down ready addressed to myself, and posted it at Brighton." While he xras .speaking he carried somo tliing from bis pocket to his lips, and I %vas conscious of a thin, sickly odor tainting the air. "There! I was prepared for yon—you see." He tossed a small, empty vial from him with an ironical chuckle. "Send for the nolice as soon as you like : I shall have <rone before they come Globe Democnd. 