THE NOVELIST. "All's Well that Ends Well." CHAPTER XX.UI. Betty could hoar tho boating of hor heart, and her forehead was damp wtth terror; but sho moved not a hair's-breadth, and uttered 110 sound. Tho hand in tho wall grasped a phial, tho fingers curved forward, and drop by drop its contents fell with a littlo splosh down into tho jug bolow. Thon, noiselessly and myster iously as it had appeared tho hand was withdrawn, and to nil appearance tho partition wall resumed its normal unbroken surface. Still Botty stood in tho doorway as if rooted to tho ground. During those few terrible seconds a thought had Hashed into hor mind — a thought so monstrous and appalling that its moro inception scorned to paralyse her limbs. AVas it credible that a sinister and deadly intent lay behind thoso seemingly supernatural apparitions ? The mere idea turned her sick and faint. Sho put her -hand to hor head and staggered a step forward into tho room, and tho movement disturbed Victor. With a long sigh ho sat up, and, still with half- closed eyes, ho stretched out his hands and sought tho cooling drink by his bedside. Boforo ho could raiso tho glass to his lips, Botty had sprung forward and dashod it out of his hands. Thon, acting upon an uncontrollable impulso, Bho seized the jug and flung its contents out of the opon window. ' Mon Dieu, Botty, but it is you. Why have you como back? I thought you wore all upon tho river. And why in the name of humanity have you thrown my lomonado out of tho window? I am parched with thirst, and it is the only thing that I can drink.' Betty stood quite still with tho jug in her hand, looking at him. His ghastly pallor, hollow eyes, and worn, almost moribund appearance, stirred a deep pity within hor. Certainly ho was not in a lit state to receive any strange and violent shock, scarcely was ho even likely to believe so strange a tale as hors. And beyond all consideration Botty felt sure that any communication she might make to him would bo heard by others, that the neighbourhood of this room was haunted, whether by the living or tho dead she could not tell, and that the very uir was full of a baleful influence. ' I threw your lemonado away because it is really very had for you,' she said at length, striving to keep the fear she felt out of her voico. ' Don't you remember what Doctor Vernon was saying only yesterday about tho microbes in the uniiltcred water from which ico is made ? I camo back from tho regatta only to see how you wore ; and, if you will come down with me, I will make you some tea in my littlo ' den.' Or would you rather that I brought it up to you ?' ' I will come down,' ho said, following hor out of tho room whilo lie slipped his arms into his coat. 1 It always does me good to watch you, Betty. You remind me so tenderly of tho littlo mother, whom I shall see to-morrow, thank Heaven.' Sho took him down with her to her littlo tea-room, sho lit the spirit-lamp, and put on tho kottlo turd set out the cups. Then, excusing herself, sho left him with a hook whilo she hurried up again to the second floor. Botty was not naturally bravo, and she ' was trembling like a leaf when sho tried tho handle of the haunted room. It was locked and the key was withdrawn ; hut, remembering that the key of her own bed-room fitted the lock, Betty ran down stairs to the floor below in search of it, certain that she would find it, as she invariably locked tho door of her room every night. Tho key was gone. For a few moments she stood by the door, lost in sturtled thought. Then, entering and taking a box of matches and a candle from her dressing-table, she retraced her steps to the second lloor, and, going straight to the spot in tho wall at which the ghostly hand had appeared, she drew up the blind, lit the candle, and proceeded closely to examine the place, passing hor hand carefully over the wall paper and gently pushing the panelling with her fingers. All the while an iutonsc nervous dread dominated her — a dread lest some ice-cold hand should suddenly clutch at her, or lest through some unsuspected opening she should moot tho stare of Mistress Penfold's sightless eyes. After trying unsuccessfully for a time to unravel the mystery of the hand, and when about to leave tho room, Betty's eyes fell upon a broken line in the wall paper a littlo below tho spot sho had teen examining. Following this up eagerly with fingers trembling with excitement, Betty discovered that it extended fully three feet until it roaclicd tho level of the floor, and that a corresponding broken line of papor, running in a parallel direction at the distance of one foot, seemed to indicate that a portion of the papered panelling which divided Victor's bed-room from tho lmuntcd room was loose and could ho removed at will. Nerved to fresh efforts by this startling discovery, Botty suddenly placed both her hands against the panel and pushed against it with all her might. For one moment it seemed to her that it was yielding under her hands, but the next the panel had slipped into its place again, and, try as she would, she could not move it. It even seemed to her that the weight of somo heavy body was keeping the panel upright from tho other side of the parti tion. Whito and trembling, she withdrew from tho spot. Upon this she was resolved. No one should enter those rooms again until sho had seen Dudley, and until lie, knowing what sho knew, could decide what action it were best to toko. Through all her sensitiveness and timidity Botty was shrewd enough to realise that ghosts do not require to tamper with walls in order to effect un entrance into any room they may desire to favour with their presence, and, strengthened by this conviction, shelocked tho door leading to tho young men's rooms and slipped tho key into her pocket, :resolved upon placing it in Dudley's hands with as little delay as possible. How to dispose of Victor and how to keep him out of his room without mousing his suspicions wore her next care ; hut here. Victor himself solved the difficulty. Tho water in the brass kottlo had boiled, and ho made tho tea in her absenco, and was now walking restlessly up and down the room awaiting hor coming. ' Dear littlo Betty,' ho exclaimed, as ho entered tho room, ' I have beon thinking how kind it was of you to leavo your foto and your good Hereinon, who loves you, just to see if I was well. But I am almost well, dear. There has beon nothing at any timo tho matter with mo but a little what you call malaria from living in this Thamos valley ; and then I have been so much — ah, so much — in love. You do not know how miserable it makes a man to bo very much in love. But I shall bo miserable no longer.' ' Are you going to forget Francosca, then ? ' 'Forget her? Not in my life. But a great, great happiness is coming to mo, Betty — so great and so near that I could let my darling go away today in tho punt with the Dudley without feeling ono littlo bit jealous. Tell mo, Betty — how did sho look ? Did every ono stare at her?' 'She looked lovely,' Betty answered with some reluctance. ' When I last saw her, she was lying on the yellow cushions she bought for tho punt, dressed all in black serge, as you know, and wearing a knot of crimson roses at her waistbclt. She had had taken off her hat and was holding a bright Japanose sunshade over her head, and tho sunshine coming through it cast a pink glow over licr. There were heaps of pretty girls in the boats ; but the men seemed to look at no one but Francosca.' 'Ah, I do not wonder. How they would envy a man who would shortly be her husband — would they not, Betty ' 'I suppose so. All except ono man, who was with a noisy party on a steam- launch — a very handsome man, with a fair boyish face. I think ho was scarcely sober, for, when, in tho middle of laugh ing and talking, as tho launch was passing close to Mr. O'Meara's boat, somo ono pointed out Francesca to him, he threw his glass of champagne into tho river and cried loudly that tho sight of her made him sick, and other wild and dreadful things.' ' Tho tipsy ruffian. Did sho hear 1' ' Yes, but sho only laughed ; and tho mon round about managed to quiet him.' ' It is dreadful that she should be exposed to such insults. I should have been with her. Oh, I know all about the man. Francesca has no secrets from me. Look, Betty — it is now a quarter-past six o'clock. That tea has done mc good, and what you have told me has excited me. Tho lieat of tho day lias passed ; I may now safely go out. I ought not to have let Francesca go with Dudley without me — I who am so soon to be her husband 1 ' 'Her husband.' ' But — yes — hush. It is a secret ; but in two days it will he a secret no longer. My mother will know, and Dudley will know — every one will know. But you must never tell her that- 1 broke my word and confided in you. Promise me that, Betty.' 'I promise.' ' And now wo will take a boat, you and I, and we will go and seek Francesca, I ought to be with her — I cannot keep away from her any longer. This is my last evening in England, and I want to see lier and think of hor, and remember her as you describe — lying liko a Cleopatra on her silk cushions, with the roses at her waist.' ' But, Victor, it will he almost night before we get to "Walton, and in the crowd of boats we may very likely miss thciu. Besides, you are not strong enough.' ' I am st rong enough to find Francesca,' lie said impatiently ; and it seemed to Betty that there was the delirium of fever in his bright eyes and Hushed cheeks. ' Allons, Betty — do you not want to go with me ? And how, then, did you come back froin the regattu 1 ' 'I made Mr. O'Meara row me. Oh — I quite forgot. I promised, as soon us I found out how you were, to run across and have n cup of tea with his mother and him before going hack to the boat.' ' Then go now at once ; and ask O'Meara if you may take me ulso. Dear Betty, I insist. I must see Francesca, if I have to swiin all the way. And I am a champion swimmer, do you know. I have taken prizes on the Seine for swimming, and, parole d'honneur, if you do not take me to her directly, I will find her some how by myself.' Thus adjured, Betty unwillingly con sented, and, putting oil her hat, hurried across the Green in the direction of Mrs. O'Meara's house. Hardly had the door closed upon her when Mrs. Harold Itevelsworth's hell, a rope from which communicated with her invalid-chair, rang sharply, and Joseph Weldou, who invariably answered Mrs. Harold Revels- worth's summonses, ran up to her room, whonco ho returned a few moments with a tiny parcel wrapped in paper, and a note addressed to 'Mr. Victor Rovelsworth ' in Francesca's writing. Tho boy was almost as pale as Victor himself when he delivered those things into the latter's hands, and his manner was strangely embarrassed as lie gave Mrs. Harold's message. 'Mrs. Harold says, sir, that Miss Revelsworth left this letter and this little parcel for you, and said as you was to have them during the afternoon to cheer you.' ' Did she say that. IIow kind — how- good of her. Thank you, my little Josoph, See — here is lialf-a-erown, all bright new- silver, to bring you luck. That shall he yours for bringing me good news.' The lad flushed crimson as he took the monoy, and for a moment ho hesitated lev the door, as though ho longed yet feared to say moro. But Victor who wanted to bo alone with his precious letter, lau-di- ingly hurried him off ; and Joseph stole quietly away in the direction of his own room' which was situated on the ground- floor next to that of Ids father. Here lie flung Victor's half-crown into a corner of the room, as though afraid to touch it, and, locking the door, threw himself face downwards upon the bed and buried his head in the pillows. 'It isn't my fault — it isn't iny fault,' he whispered, as though in answer to some accusing voice. ' And I don't know any thing for certain ; it's on'y guessing. I shall stop here locked in, and let 'em all forget me if anything happens. But she isn't a woman — she's a devil.' CHAPTER XXIV. W ii fn Betty returned in Heromou's com- pany to Rovelsworth House in search of Victor, the latter was not to he found. Up-stairs and down-stairs Betty ran to look for him, and she even went tho longth of tapping at Airs. Ilarold'sdoorand asking through the key-hole whether Victor had been there. Receiving a reply in tho nogativo in tho Italian woman's thin sweet voice, Betty wont thoughtfully down-stairs again. Ever since tho reading of that letter from the late Airs. Rcvols- worth'a correspondent in Rome, Betty had avoided visiting tho invalid unless absolutely forced by courtesy to do so, and had then mado her vists as brief as possiblo. With tho knowledge sho pos sessed that this woman, whoever sho was, was only masqucradiug as Francesca's mother, a strong distrust of tho old Italian's carncying ways and flattering speeches had grown up in Betty's mind and a feeling of repulsion stole over her whenever 'Airs. Harold,' as she was called, addressed a remark to her, or fixed upon her the piercing gaze of her keen black eyes. She did not, therefore, attempt to enter Airs. Harold's room, but went slowly down stairs, lost in perplexing thought. ' I hope — I do hopo that Victor isn't in there with that dreadful old woman,' she said to herself. ' But I never can believe ono word that either she or Francesca says.' It seemed far moro probable that Victor, in his prosont state of feverish impatience, had grown tired of waiting for Betty, who nad been detained for somo few minutes by Airs. O'AIeara, and had started off for Walton alone. Inquiries at tho water's edge and at the Hampton boat-houso elicited tho fact that every boat had been requisitioned, somo quite recently ; but, as Victor's appearanco was not well known, and as Botty could not identify him from tho description of tho various men who had hired boats within the past hour, sho finally had to give up tho search for hor cousin in despair, and allow Hcremon to row hor in tho direction of Walton, where she hoped to oxchango a few words with Dudley before ho should bo able to re-enter Rovelsworth House, and hoped also to overtake his brother. However, in both respects Aliss Alan- nington was doomed to disappointment. Stare as she might with eager inquiry at the occupants of each passing boat, she could find no ono in tho least resembling Victor, nor, in tho crush of pleasure-craft assembled to see the fireworks, could she identify the punt containing Dudley and Francesca. Miss Revelsworth had thoroughly enjoyed her day. To lie at ease on silken cushions beneath a sky of cloudless sun shine, with the eyes of dozens of good- looking young Englishmen in flannels fixed admiringly upon her lovely face and figure, displayed to full advantage by her graceful recumbent attitude, to land and lunch excellently if extravagantly at a riversido hotol, to watcli with lazy plcasuro tho gaily-coloured animated scene around lier, tho bright tints of the dresses and sunshades of the 'river girls,' and of the awnings and cushions which adorned several of the craft, to note here and there the picturesque ellcct of tho snow-white, ruddy brown, or crimson sail against tho glistening water and verdure-clad banks, to listen to the plash of tho sculls, tlio chatter and laughter, and the tinkling of banjos — all these things were very grate ful to Francesca, and, moro than all, the companionship of Dudley Rovelsworth helped to make lier thoroughly happy. From under half-closed eye- lids she watched cacli quick strong movement of his athletic frame as ho manipulated the punt-pole. JIow linndssmo he was, she thought, liow manly and vigorous in appearance, and how unlike thoso two other men she had at different times thought she eared for. How could she ever havo loved any man who was not taller than herself, or who did not possess curly brown hair and deep-bluo eyes under long black lashes, and a square jaw with a suggestion of hardness about it ? ihosc two other faces — tho sleepy-eyed olive-skinned Italian singer and the fair effeminate English aristocrat — came hack to her mind, to be dismissed with con tempt when compared with tho man before her. And they had yielded so readily, whilst this one held out against licr, fought down tho passions sho did her utmost to strengthen, put his Writ in opposition to hers, and so far-dickl his own, though not without difficulty. ' But he shall he mine !' sho whispered to herself, as she looked up at liiin with shining blue eyes from under her gay- coloured Japanese sunshade. ' lie must he mine 1 I really love him 1 I feel faint with longing to throw my arms round his fine firm neck, and nestle against his broad cliost, and kiss his beautiful lips. And, when onco that sickly mawkish Victor is out of tho way, my task will not be difficult !' It was difficult to make Dudley look at her long when they wero nlono together, lie seemed to prefer to com ment laughingly upon the effect of lier beauty upon others than to feast his own eyes upon it ; and, when at length, as the day drew to a close, tho magnetism of her continued gaze attracted his, ho j smiled rather satirically as ho looked down at her. ' Why do you smile," she asked. What are you thinking of V ' I was thinking of a line of Swiii- hu no's which exactly applies to you. But it isn't very complimentary, so per haps I had better not quote it.' ' I don't expect compliments from von, Dudley.. Flense tell me the line.' He laughed, and quoted — ( 'old I'ycliil.'i that hide, like a jewel, ljnrd eyes, that grow soft for an hour. ' Arc my eves hard ?' Francesca asked, fixing thein full upon him with a most alluring tenderness. 'Not to you, s urely I ' They are soft for an hour at present,' lie answered lightly. ' What does it matter, so long ns it is your hour.' ' I have no doubt lliey would soon grow hard again,' Dudley returned, looking quickly away from her, which action Francesco, interpreted ns a confession of weakness. ' Well, the lines were not so very un complimentary,, sho said, after a pause. ' I'm not at ull offended.' ' Ah, but they get worse as they go on to describe the cruel red mouth like a venomous flower I' (TO Wi CONTINUED.) 