The Courting of liiddy. Remember Biddy 1 Why yes, T should rmther think I do ! She was with us when we were stalinnt-d at Liverpool, and bad yon comfortaMt! house iivPrince's-road. She was one of the nicest (errantl I have ever had. Beside* being a good cook, she kept everything in apple-pie order, and got gH UU nVil '»?*« view uuiitl uviur4Vltrfi, Ah, abe wai a perfect treasure I -ft wu wi ill day for mi- when Biddy smiled. Tea, we took Biddy with us when we were transferred from Cork. 8h» never bothered *bont night's out or holidays. If the get out onco a week to earl* maw, from which she was al ways home in time to prepare eight o'clock breakfast, at once to chipet on Sunday, she wu content and happy. Jim had got his leave, and was going north for a big (hoot *t Barneloite, aDd I bad arranged to have painlen- in to do op the dining-room dm ing liis absence, when Biddy asked if she could have a week's holiday to go down to Cork to visit her own people, and attend- her eldest brother's wedding at Carrig*4we. . ' Sore, irein, if it was to be after patting ye abbot at al- it's not for going I would be, but seein' Hie master ii to be away, and thim painters comin' nmrin' arouud, so ai ye can't have s bit o' decent company to divert yoursilf, thinks T to meseif, 'Sure, Biddy, juit ax the missus. If it is not to her mind the cau but refuse for ?are.' I was only too plenBed that things fitted in s4 well, and so Biddy duly departed for Cork, with permission te remain away for ten days. Therefore inmpine my surprise when just that rljiy we-lr, Janet, our tall, prim Scotch ?alile-maid opened the niotuiog room riuor, and said : ' Pleasi1, mem, here's Biddy 1' I was surprised to see tlin ghost of a smile borer around Janet's lip', a most unusual occurrence, as JaDtt was not given to mirth. Tucrp, sure. enough, stood Biddy, be decked in a sky-blue silk gown, a black velvet mantle, bountifully bftpangled with gee-gaws, and, crowning all, a bonnet gorgeous to behold, with rib bons the color of the rainbow and a perfect garden of roses of divers hues, while above them wiggled e. bird of pandta,.. Bar a moment I gwd in a*l»Mi«*«V«*!i-J-id :? ? ? /: ? ' ? 'Well, Biddy, yon' are what the Scotch call ' unco' braw' I I hope that yon have enjoyed yourself. We did sot expect you before Friday. It was good of you to come back as soon as yon could.' 'Plase, mem, I\e not come hack,' said Biddy, hanging Vit head on one Bide, and looking very red nnd rather guilty. ' Not come hack !' I eriivi, laugh iog. ' Why, Biddy, it's a s- If evident fact that yon have come back 1' II Yes, mem,' Mys Biddy, meekly ; ' but not to stop, if ye plase.' ?'Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy T asked I, utterly at a Iobs. Biddy looked down at the floor, then up at tbo ceiling, and then down at the floor once more ; twisted a volum inous while muslin pocket Imndker claof— much beslarchrd— into a bull :lh if she were making dumplings, and then blurted out the astounding infor rjntion : ' Sure, mem, I can't stop wid you, for I have tuck a man I' ' Took a man I Biddy, do you mean to tell me you have gone and got married f 'Yea, if ye plaan, mem.' And Biddv looked Drenared to dis solve into tears. 'Biddy,' said I wrathfully, ' I am disappointed in you ! To go and de ceive me in this way 1 Why did you -ot tell me you were getting married t I could have been looking out for some one to fill your place.' ' Oh, mem ! I never went for to decave ye. No, plage hear me. Sure, I got married unbeknown-like to me 6elf.' ' Nonsense, . Biddy I You should be ashamed of yourself,' said I angrily. ' By all the blessed saints it's the truth J am after telling ye, mem! Sure, I never sued Terence O'Malley licfure I left this house lust week, us -?-?' as P-RS is pi«E.' Tliwe wsb no doulitinR the girl. Shi was downright in earnest. ' Comn, then ; sit down and explain ma-. '..)«?, .Biddy.' 'Yen, mem, and -tlmnlt ye kindly.' And .Biddy, mopped her nyes and the whole of her good-humored coun teimnce, and cotnmenoed : 'Sure then, I was just after taking «» ticket for Cork, and somn rough, coarse drover Uoys were squaring me «utof their road-bad luck to their ill manners I— when a well-puton young man afore roe, says he, ' Young woman ; here je are ; slip in »nd he ?ftergettin'yer ticket, and I'll keep they oattle toys off ye!' Sure, Rlad wu I todojwJbeliJ ; and as I galh ?red up me chanp 1 looks over me ?houlder, 'Think ye kindly,' said I Wid a smile. 8u're, could I do Ira1, I »», memf i 'No— oh, no' VrSur--, then,1 «nys. hp.ut my back, I 1 like your smile/ ravs he. 'So I looked round,, and I smiled ?^ain.' 1 'Ye be going to Cork,1 says he. (CotmnuKD ok m-ob 4.) {covri;»ci:i- fuos pvgk 1.) ?'For au-c,' «;»vs I. ''Son ii'pse'f,' -^ys lie '^Ii'idrnl,' SiJS I ?'Yes; ikn on to CWigaline,' ?UTS hp. ' 'Indeod t a.,y, I. '?To w- &islrr;'s widdin'. She is ?Btlhi'one Mat McKren.' ''Neverrasyal. ' 'Fur sort,' says he. * Why, he is mo brndrler,' aays I. ' 'Brver,' sayB ho. ' -Yes T says I. ' ?Shake hands !*aays he. ?'?With pleasure,' says I. And ?ore, now, is not thit all about it, asemf We was worried yesterday.' 