THE. LIGHTTHAT OAST NHO8HADOW. Chrions stories are told about thopowers poe. sessed by certain natives of India, who live up. among the. Hinalaya mountains These old, men,, it is said, have devoted scores of years to. the study of natural laws and forces,.which the, rest of the world knows nothing about: Latelyr a German profestor visited: the "?lepts," act these queer Hindus are called,.for the purpose, of finding out, the: secret of their remarkable, performances. They treated him rather scar vily,.bot interested him all the same. One day the profeasor wanted to. examine some ancient. Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with, him to a cave wherein the the books were kept.. The place was dark as the bottom of a well.. "lcant see to read, hero,r" said the vialtor. " Then we will have some light,!' was the re ply, and immediately (the professer says),a soft Pearly light brightened the cave.. Hte could not. tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the slignhtei shadow.. This is a story hard to believe, vet its truth is, affirmed by a man of vast learning apdd high character, and you who now read, it have no. reason for doubt except that all the light yore have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parrallnl with. one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the ac count of the Lisbon earthquake,yet credited the, tale of the Cock Lane ghost. "In the spring of 1088." writes ore- corres pondent, "I fell intoa low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-apirited and out of sorts. At firat my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had a pain and, weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Lateron I suffered from noronsnoess and great depresiou of spirits. I kept. up with my work, but had always a sonse of discomfort. Oil annd on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took rclecvlno me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro cured a supply, After I had taken only.a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me- Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used Lt or seen it need, I now l!adly admit its value, and its. pIwer over diseaso. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Scigel's CurativoeSrup I have been in the best of health and sptrits, In theinterests of suffering humanity I deem it is a duty to send this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths. ,15li Hockley 1fill, lirmingham, June eight 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griflith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may bhe true enough, but it cannot be veriflle without morertrouble thanit is north. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer Ifeters of inquiry, nd cn be found at at his address. Finally, there iN nothing mystln or m{rical about Mlother Seiiel's Curative Syrup, It acts on the theory that moot ailments are but symptoms, forms or phases of that universal discae---indigcstton and dypepsia ; it cures that and throws the light of health and happi. over hearts and homes where illness and pal? bad cast such dark and terrifyinýt shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 