POINTS. It is pretty generally, known, that Tran«« vaal Krnger is well served by an elaborate spy service, and is kept well informed about tho sayings and doings of aiiyb'odv who is somebody in the Transvaal. " It is not so woll' known, however, that bin system of spies inoludcs. many attractivo -young ladies who serve as barmaids at the many saloons. A i-keity woman with an extra glass of liquor may do a deal of misohief. Bur by this time the outlanders are on the alert. .. . . Tl,e North Ohina Serald haB been uncarth- 189480m prop',coics respecting- Cfiiina made in \- X®' the Russiun - newspaper Xovosh startled tho : world with a .bold suggostion of a tripurtito, division of China among Russia, Great Britain, and France.' , -A littlo . lator . tho Berliner Neuesle Nach- riehten, tho motropolitan organ of the Iron Chuncollor, with equal boldness, gave its northern, contemporary to understand that whon tho far Eastern- Poland eamo to bo out up tho Gormanio nation would olaim its slice. See how these prophecies are coming' true. __Heb Majestv Queen Victoria was born at Kensington Palaco, London, at a quarter- past 4 o'clock, on the morning of Mav 24 1819.' ' " Some kind philanthropist, sending "a box of provisions for tho relief of tho Cubans, wrote -the following words upon it: "I guess we'll have to feed 'em Until they got their freedom." This is an excellent outline of polioy for the : United States to " fight" on: ' Even the ghosts must have their jubilees uowadays.- Lately the spiritualist societies in tho United States have been celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of modern spiritualism. Tins comes about as near as is convenient to an anniversary of nothing. Some of . Mr. Sugden's Egyptian hiero glyphic characters lust night were amusingly - puzzling. - . The sky was represented as a flat thing' : with a star hanging from it. A battle-axe represented a god. . A cou.vtey was a round affair, with pegs in tho bottom to represent stability. The thing to which tho pegs wero suo- jiosed to attach the country was left to the imagination. The lecturer showed that the hieroglyphisr' was oven capable of a pun; '- Bur tho pun was a dreadfully heavy and. ghastly matter. The ancients wero not very brilliant arithmeticians— addition and multiplication being exceedingly tedious operations with tlioin. ( But their formula for finding tho area of a. oirclc, though tho result was hardly quite uccurate, was oven more "simple than the well known Pi R. square. It was : Tuko one-ninth from the diameter aud square tho remaindor. In" tho City Police Court yesterday a witness beoamo so excited that the bench thought that he was drunk. And ordered his removal to the cells below stairs : hut he was not looked up as ho hccamo calm directly on getting outside. A few minutes later he returned, but it was with difficulty that ho was restrained from carrying on a dialoguo with ono of tho defendants. \- The lauguago lie used in describing certain events was perhaps not quite understood .by tliebeuob. Here is a sentence: "Trot 'em along, and let us see them : I don't buy a pig in a poke." Dr. Duff, convenor of the Colonial .Com mittee of the Free Chnroli of Scotland, is much impressed with tho Queensland winter. He thinks it is a change from Glasgow, whore it is said to rain overv day that it does;' not snow. The rev. gentleman's impression of us will ho very different from that of the visitor who was here in February. By the way. Dr. Duff told a very, good story against himself which happened in Now Zealand. . ' . _ He. was there asked how ' his congrega tion could spare him for so long an absenco. And in pondering over the queiy was inclined to regard himself with a spirit of self com placency. . . Bui a few nights after it was completely extinguished. One of tho brethren in pro posing a vote of thanks, told tho story of a minister of tho old country who. had gone to tho continent for >1 holiday. Wans there . lie was seen by a person living in the same district, who, on returning, told how the minister was enjoying himself, and that he did not seem to iiced a holiday. ' " Oii, 110 !" came the reply. "He did not need a holiday, it was the congregation." The switchback ou Lytton road is being levelled and repaired. When the watering carts and the South Brisbane steam flattener have dono their work, bicycles and other light vehioles will not need to make a road of the footpaths. They say that coming ovents oast thoir shadows before them. There was a shadow in this case— in the form of: tho municipal engineer, who was seen flitting about tlio distriot in the early morning somo time ago. Paul Kruqer, tho Transvaal President, has cabled to England his sympathy in con nection with the death of Mr. Gladstone. If it hud bpou Chamberlain who had joined tho greut majority Oom Paul's feelings would have been of a distinctly diffcrout character. It is reported that the American battleship Oregon has tukon in a supply of coal at Barhadocs, a British possession. The Spaniards will probably raise a cry about this ! . If Spanish cruisers can coal at Martinique, why should not the Yankees go to Barhadoc? for a supply of fuel ? TiiK steamcr Montscrrat, flying the Spanish flag, is Raid to have successfully run the blockade into Havana on throo occasions, carrying firearms and specie. The blockading vessels must be asleep, surely ! They did say that Ryott hod run away. That is not so ; he still is running riot up the Burnett way. . . . Where he will run to afterwards nobody knows and nobody cares. They did say that the swoaring-in yester day was uncommonly dry. -It is understood that under the circum stances Lord Lamington will not announce that , ho has resumofi the 'government until ho reaohes' Brisbane. The Brisbane Past Grammar School foot- hall team defeated the publio schools team in Sydney 011 Saturday by 16 points to nil; Popr tools, tho looal boys. It is intensely refreshing to hear that a Queensland team is victorious, in anything, anywhere. -M'Cowan worthily upheld the honour of tho Grammar School, and' showed the spec tators what Qneenslanders are capable , of, if-you oan onco make them move themselves. 