h READER'S NOTES. Fbom a hoarding in front of the Woollahra Presby terian Church, I notice that they are about to 'perform' the Stahal Mater -within its walls. Shade of John Knox, what next ? The » Kist o' 'Whustles' was a grave trial to the ?unco gaid, but when the 'kist' is used as an accessory to the great Catholic hymn- oratorio in honour of the Holy Mother,, it is to be feared that the elders are coquet ting with the Scarlet Wumman. Granting that the honour is meant for Rossini, and not for the Mater Dolorosa, and that, in fact, 90 per cent, of the auditoro have less idea of the Hater than they Have Oi txiu xn u vciiiucjL iu.c^cwi.tjj j.u k.Ti/*»* * ^**-»v*.*»*w «- noteworthy 'performance.' I have always looked upon the Woollahra minister, the Rev. John Walker, as a broad, fair-minded churchman. I do not forget the curt letter which he wrote to the Herald, stating that his name was included, in error, among the 300 who met to oppose the Cardi nal at the Federal elections ; but I never expected his church to ring with the supplication to the Mother of God :— Fac me vere tecuin Here Crucifixo condolere, Doneo ego vixero, Juxta cruGom tecuui stare Telibenter soeiare. Tn planofcu desidero. * Cliriate, cum flit hiuc esin T)a per matrein nia venire Ad palmam victoviao. o o o A novelty that may be the means of revolutioniz ing the literary methods of the English nation was introduced a 'few weeks ago, when the Times in serted a poem of over forty lines, entitled ' The Most Picturesque Battle of the Century,' in its advertising columns. Just think of the poDoibili fcies which this opens to us, who now ana men aann off a 'little thing of our own.' We will not be Compelled to introduce pessimisim and drought and unlicensed love into it, and send it to the Bulletin, but we make it of the mild amatory or gentle sporting species, and send it to certain of the religious papers, or it may be wildly humorous, and inserted in the Morning Herald. Fancy con veying bullockese verses to a ribald public under the auspices of Sir James ! Why the ghost of old John Fairfax would rise and clog ' the very latest machinery ' and da9h the ofiending columns into 'pie.' ooo The Celtic element io much more than holding its own in the old country just now- It is dominating judicial, military, literary, and journalistic circles in London. The Bench io Russell first, and the rest nowhere ; Kitchener, and Martin, and Mac donald are most in evidence among the soldiers; and the most remarkable developments of this century in iournaliDia have been brought about by Irish men. Though it was Si? George Newnes, an Eng lishman, who invented Tit Bits, and followed it up by the Strand Magazine— the most dashing of hie officers was Alfred Harmsworth, a young Irishman, ?who first broke out on his own with Answeks, and capped if with the Daily Mail, which sprang at its birth into the disputed largest daily circulation in England, and is looked upon as the best oub edited journal in the world. Wot satisfied with this, Harmswqrth's Magazine, a threepenny monthly, ?was started three months ago, and alleges that it circulated one million copies of the first issue in spite of the vigorous opposition of W. H. Smith and Co., and the news agents of the United King dom. The opposition arose because Harmsworth says he has not sufficient margin to allow the agents the usual trade discount— and they will not take less. He has now raised his retail price %6 34d, which may end the dispute. But a third offshoot from Newnes, C. A. Pearson, who started ?with Pearson's 'Weekly, and followed it with the sumptuous Pearson's Magazine at 6d— the great rival of the STRAND-now enters the field with a genu ine 3d monthly, the Royal Magazine, and for this the ubiquitous Irishman, Mr. Peter Keary, is editor. Mr. Keary has been managing Pearson's, Limited, for some time, and it is astonishing what a number of responsibilities these young men cheerfully take up. In two or three years they have burst up the old half- crown Review and shilling Monthly, and there is no doubt that they have turned the educa tional awakening of this century largely into the course of pure, if scrappy literature. Tit Bits, Anbwbks, and Peakson's each boast of halfa million circulation weekly, and there is no doubt that the vast numbers who read these are better occupied than with the sickly novelette or journal, or the pernicious Deadwood Dick. Among the reapresentatives of later literature are Nora Hopper, ?who writes charming poems in the_ Sketch. But a more active and versatile Irishwoman is Katharine Tynan (Mrs. Hinkaon). Love stories, political articles, poetry, and vivid pic tureo of the sufferings of her country come with consiotent quality from her pen. Katharine Tynan was born near Dublin, in an old thatched house, said to have once been the home of the patriot Curran. She was educated at the Siena Convent, Drogheda. Her first published poem appeared in Young Ireland, her second found a place in the Graphic, and brought her in an unexpected half guinea. Miss Tynan found a warm friend in Fr. Mat Russell, brother of the Lord Chief Justice, and in his paper, the Ixtisit Monthly, her earliest ven tures were printed, By his advice she published in 1885 her first book, 'Louise de la Valliere and Other Poems,' and this volume secured for foex many eminent friends in England, including tCaffdinals Newman and Manning, the Rossettis, Aoiferey de Vere, and others. Among Misb Tynan's other books are 'The Pursuit of Diarmuid and Graiune' (1887), a prose volume ; 'A Nun. Her Friends, and Her Order' (1890), and 'Ballads and LyricB' (1891)'. In 1893 she married, and has since iived in London, where she is untiringly working ?at her articles and books. Strange to say, many of files effusions are published in Dr. Robertson 'NieoU'a great Nonconformist paper, the British Wbeklv. Her first novel, ' The Way of a Maid,' appeared in 1895, and she has also written a couple 'of volumes of short stories and a comedy. She is xapidly coming to the front. 0 0 0 Of short stories. A couple of years ago a little -boo& called the ' Sin Eater and Other Tales,' by Fiona Macleod. created a stir in London, and as the authoress was and remained unknown in literary circles, much mystery arose about $ier. She was said to be a daughter of Dr. Norman Macleod ; she was proved to be Nora Hopper ; ohe was alleged to be William Sharp, the well-known Celtic critic, who edited her volume ; she next be came a syndicate of young authors ; che finally waa caid to be Miss Maud Gonne, the beautiful Irish woman, who now and again electrifieo us from Paris ; but after all she is simply what she claims to be Miss Fiona Macleod, the daughter of a fine, old Highland Catholic family, born in the Hebrides, and preferring rocky lona to any place in the world. To London,*Paris. Italy, and other places of interest she has been, as a bird of passage, but after a week or two home- sickness grows upon her, and she hurries back to her yacht and her shepherds among the Highlands. Her first book was 'Pharais,' the Gaelic word for Paradise — and she has also written a volume of poems ' From the Hills of Dream.' Last year her short stories from various magazines were, published in three volumes, entitled severally ' Spiritual Tales,' ?? Barbaric Tales,' and ' Tragic Romances.' She makes no claim to being a Gaelic scholar, yet she speaks the language fluently, and she has also studied ' Irish Gaelic,' as is proven by some of her early tales. P.S.C. 