PREVENTION OF FLOODS AND SILTING UP OF THE RIVER. TO THE EDITOR. 'Sir, Considerable surprise was expressed at the way the river suited up during the flood of January last, after all the labour that had been expended on it by the Government dredges since 1893\. Should We be surprised if we carefully noted the natural laws that are at work constantly, and with greater force now than in the past, to bring this about We have only of late begun to accept as a fact that in the future floods may be expected to be heavier, and their arrival quicker, than of old, seeing that every acre of land that is cleared for agricultural purposes, and drained to pass off the water as soon as possible, contributes to bring this about. The same' applies to silt brought down. Fifty years ago, when there was little settlement on the watershed of the Brisbane River, and less farming and agriculture, the heavy rains fell on a hard, unbroken surface. Its face was not disturbed by the plough or other means, to loosen it for farming purposes ; therefore, the amount of earth brought away was comparatively small, but a different state of things existed at present, and year by year the arrangements for settling the farming clues on the land will increase the trouble. Take the watershed of to- day ; thousands of acres are under cultivation, and the better the farmer, the more exposed is his land, by constant cultivation, to the action of heavy rains in washing away portions of his loose soil, especially on slopes where heavy showers take a little off into the hills that form in rainy weather, and bring it down into the streams that feed the creeks. There it is lodged for a time, to be carried further on with the next fresh into the river, where, with such a volume of water, its passage is comparatively easy to the lower reaches to find convenient hollows in the channels cut ready to receive it. Even the grass paddocks of to-day are contributing their share on a different scale altogether from the past, when their surface was disturbed by nothing heavier than the foot of a blackfellow or a kangaroo ; but now these paddocks are tramped over by thousands of heavy cattle and horses, and cut up by their hoofs with paths to water and elsewhere, making channels from which the loose earth and mud, so cut out by the cattle, in periodically carried away by the water which gathers In them. Every road or railway, with its cuttings and crumbling sides, furnishes its share to fill up the channel of the river. If this is not so, what becomes of all the stuff washed out from the water tables along the roads around Brisbane, where we see immense gullies formed with the wash of the water V All this, more or less, finds its way into the creeks and rivers. Very few of these causes existed fifty years ago, but they are here to-day, and have come to stay. The results will, therefore, have to be dealt with in a far different fashion than they have been by the present and past Governments, who have contented themselves with dredging out some of the colony's best and fertile soil from the bottom of the river and throwing it out in the Bay to form banks, or to have a portion of it brought back on the incoming tide, instead of depositing it on the hundreds of acres of low-lying land about the mouth of the river, where it would have ere now, become a source of public wealth. How much longer is this wasteful and extravagant system to prevail V What results have been achieved in five years since 1803 ? Absolutely none, but a system of warn- ing very good and acceptable, no doubt, in its way but it does nothing to pass the water on. Surely the Government can do something, weak-kneed as it appears to be. If it can not do what it would, let it do what it can. If it cannot spend a million, let it spend a fifth of it, so that it does something to ameliorate the evils we are exposed to year after year. Why are they afraid to spend a little extra money on the Brisbane River ? Is Townsville, or posterity, the ghost that Is frightening them. If it is the former, surely that ambitious and selfish little port ought to have no reason to complain, with its Harbour Board and the public money contributed to its break- water, which will very likely have to be renewed the next time Mr. Wragge turns cut one of his proteges In its direction. If posterity Is the trouble to the Government, what has posterity done for us ? It is to have all our assets-let it have some of our liabilities in having to pay back some of the money laid out for their benefit as well as that of the present generation. It is a pleasant little sarcasm Just now to say that every third man you meet fancies himself an engineer. It is good enough to say that a very fair proportion of the men you meet (if not in the Government have got sufficient common sense to see simple ways to improve the river, If not to do away with all the dire effects of the constant recurring floods in the metropolitan city of the colony. They may not be able to follow all the intricacies and theories of train- ing walls, flood gates, levels, angles, and all the padding of a present-day engineer's report, finishing up with millions, but with only a fair amount of common sense they can see that to straighten the town reaches of the river would not only help the water to get away quickly, but would be an acquisi- tion to river traffic up and down the river. It does not require- an engineer to tell us that a serpentine river is generally sluggish ; neither is it hard to arrive at the fact that water ? travels -a-:-?- 777 .:L~JL*si_.u^-X quicker in a straight line than round sharp corners, and it may also be supposed the straighter the channel the greater the scour. Surely, if such is the case, the Government will, as family, indicated on Wednesday last, without any more hesitation, make a beginning by taking off the principal points below, the bridge. The Domain, Kangaroo Point, and Bulimba Point-of what value are they V They appear to a great extent to be simply mud banks, and after the experience of 1803 they have little or no commercial value. He must be a plucky man who would build a factory or a private house on either, and they are certainly an impediment both to the speedy passage of flood water and steamers. The Domain slip pears to be only required to drill a few soldiers 'on, which could be done else- where quite as well, and its removal, gradually being effected by floods, if expedited by other means should cer rainly relieve to some extent Stanley street, to say nothing of furnishing a pool for ships to swing in without black" ing the river and inviting collision. Kangaroo Point is a standing menace to steamers coming round with a slight fresh in the river, 1s It not a fact that during the January flood a second steamer belonging to the A.1J.S.N. Company had a narrow escape of smashing into the barque Cairnsmore at Boundary-street wharf V When one of the une steamships that frequent the port of Brisbane slips across on to the quarry banks, something really maybe done to relieve the port of its bad name. Bulimba Point must of necessity, If removed, allow the water, to pass away more rapidly, and make room for what is pressing down behind it. If the present Government, who as near to be so dead to what is their duty to the port of Brisbane,' and that portion of the colony, of which it is the outlet and inlet for commerce, content themselves with making their reception of deputations pleasant, and then shrugging their Governmental shoulders and saying, " Thanks' be, that is over, it may be, as suggested by one of the members of the deputation, well to apply a little election reminder in other words put the spur in a little deeper than in the last, and not only refuse the Government nominee, but put in two "different members,, mark you, who will vote 'dead against the present, or any Government, until we get all we are. fairly entitled to Desperate diseases . I require desperate remedies. I am, still 11th March. LUSTA 