BISMARCK AND CARDINAL RICHELIEU. A Suggestive Comparison. Mb. J. F. Taylor in a suggestive com parison of the careers of Bismarck and Bichelieu in the " Fortnightly Review," elaborates a case to show that " both men, as we now know, come far nearer to each other than the fabulous beings which were called by their names." It needed, he says, the revelations given us by Bismarck him self to dislodge or to modify this estimate of his nature (for Teutonic strength and openness), while M. Hanotaux is to be thanked for having put an end to the melo dramatic myths which so long surrounded Richelieu. If we know how that bluff out spoken man, the honest broker, was not quite open in his dealings, we know, too, that the sphinx, the man of mystery, the ghost of a great man was an accessible and patient minister, a believing and loyal priest, a passionate patriot, and a states man differing from other statesmen only in the greater charity of his views and the greater boldness and effectiveness of his conceptions and methods. ... In Riche lieu's case his [religious] toleration was so out of keeping with the spirit of his age— the age of Laud and Cromwell—that his critics could only account for it by assum ing that he had cast off all faith himself. . . . Bismarck's Falk Laws stand in marked contrast to Richelieu's treatment of his religious opponents. Yet Richelieu blotted out for ever as a separate political power in France the Calvinism of Geneva; while Bismarck struggling horribly all the way had to make that pilgrimage to Canossa which has not entirely removed the difficulties raised by his unfortunate blunder. The Parisian journals are commenting on the fact that President Felix Faure was seen smoking a cigarette at a garden party in the Champs-Elysees. It is said that he is the first French President to smoke. It is recalled that M. Thiers not only himself did not smoke, bat in. appointing his military officials took care that the ordnance officer should be a captain who was a stranger to the use of tobacco. Marshal McMahon used to smoke, but he gave up the habit after passing through a severe illness, and when he was president he was never known to smoke. M. Jules Grevy used to be an inveterate smoker, but he ceased to use the weed when he found he was losing his memory. M. Sadi- Carnot never smoked, and his secretaries abstained—at the Ely see, at least. M. Casimir-Perier used to smoke, but only a little, and not at all after he became president. It is now hinted that M. Faure does not only burn cigarettes in public, but loves in private a pipe, the present of a Russian grand duke. A queen's counsel thus irreverently defined golf for the benefit of a judge who was hearing a case involving the playing of the game—" I believe, my lord, that the game of golf is played in irregular fields or waste grounds with a small ball which the player tries to hit with a stick. If he succeeds in hitting the ball he spends the rest of the day in looking for it." " Is that the rector there puffing at a cigar ? " " Yes." " Holy smoke!" 