PUBLISHED Br SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By 'SrriQ^f ^fanOifte, Author of *' The Loot Hoirtit»" '* The Fouiukor," " A Fair Colonic^ J The Goldon Rook," &o.;, to. CHATTER XXYIII.—(Cmiimttd.) ACKING out from the narrow passage I Miles and Hans •went to the left, on tho side of the ridge further from the valley, then struck ont at right angles, and when they had walked a mile or so they turned again into the lower end of the valley, looking now up ' to the 'ridge where they had stood with the mound of trees hotwccn. Still, the place was silent as tUe grave. Even the old baboonhnd movod away, and yot they hesitated to approach the mound nnd the rock heaps in the light of day. But when the shadows crept across they stole from their hiding place, going along the eld watereourso that lod up by the trees, and presently, treading stealthily, they came to the mound. The lower* base of it was buttressed with creeping plants so interwoven that it was impossible to force an en trance. They circled it twice, listening in vain for any sound, and then wont farther up to find a yawning pit by each pile of stones. The night breeze sighed mournfully out of the holes, but there came no other noise, and in the pitch darkness, their spirits were de pressed. Por a long time llicy stood leaning on their rifles, tiring in vain to pierce the gloom,' and listening intently. ' My word!' said Hans. ' This is a "slcgte place. It is here where spooks come.' ' "Where did yon find the ring, old man ? Tell tho truth." ' I find him up there, ray baas. It is true, almagtig, Ja." I ' Then they must have gone farther." ' Maybe. Kb man would stay here, yet what said the sign on the rock 'i Kb thing of any place beyond. The rock lies , not. Wc have found the place and the ring. What say, if they have gone underground, like the baboon ?' ' Men arc not jackals. They must breathe, and we can hear nothing. They have gone on. We should have looked for spoor when there was light. She dropped that ring to guide us in case we followed, and we have footed away our chance." ' Well, sicur, it is bad, but we must wait till sun up. I saw from below a green mark against the rocks near where we first stood. There is water where .there is green. Hans must drink and sleep.' They went np, picking their way, the old hunter going straight, by some instinct or animal gift of smell, to an oozy track of ground up against the : ridge. By scooping a hole in the soft ground they 'found water to quench their thirst, then sought the shelter of a rock, where Hans soon slept, while Miles sat with arms clasped round his knees, staring helplessly before him. He thought of all he had gone through, and it seemed as if the greater part of his life had been spent iu a weary search. Jfe thought^ too, of his brief love-making, and his bcart went sick at the blunder he had made in leaving the house that night of the fight, and at the unknown peril in which she was now, among these men. There could be no torture like that he endured, and with a dumb appeal to heaven he rose* up to riiovc ' restlessly to and fro, going at each turn ; further from the sleeping man, uutil-at • last, lured by some real or imaginary he wenfc off dotrn toitanls the mouud. Half-way there struck on his oar a deep-drawn quivering sigh, the echo of a hungry lion, grumbling far away. He stood in the darkness wait ing 'for a full minute, and then heard the sound again, followed by the hollow boom of the deep-throated roar that told the lion was in the valley, and had struck off the scent of game. He kept on- his way to the mound, with no thought that tho lion could be on his spoor, and with oyes fixed on the dark mass of foliage against the stars nearly blundered into a hole. Some stones disturbed rattled down, and in an instant out of the pit came the flash of a rific, the mufilcd report. Ho sprang back and stood trembling at liis dis covery, while from the pit there came the sound of somcono moving, and from the stillness beyond a low menacing growl. At the same time, for n single instant, lie thought he caught out ot the dark blurr of tho wooded mound, the ghost of a light. Then he thought of Hans and went swiftly "but softly back to warn him, lest the old man, alarmed, should ciy out; but the wary old huuter met him on the way, signifying his presence by a hiss. I Did the baas shout?' •So.* ' My Gott! Then thoy are hero.' 'Yes, ill the pit; and I thought I saw a light on the mottnd.' ' Hid the baas shoot !* II don't know. X think tbey were watching for the lion.' A low growl broke on the whispered talk, anil the two instinctively raised their rifles while they peered into the darkness. 1Ye must not shoot,' said Miles. There was another growl, half-moan. ' He is quei, baas, he will spring. See, here is a hole near, quick—this way.' As they looked towards tho hole thoy heard the fierce brute move. 'Jump, baas.' Together they turned and leapt down into the dark hole, and as they struck the ground they heard the lion'sniffing' above them—they were almost deafened by his roar of rage and disappoint ment. A rush of wind struck them in tho face, and a linsfy scramble carried them into a . tunnel where they stood to pull themselves together. The lion still stood on the brink of the pit. They could see his form outlined against the sky, and caught the green glint ot his eyes as he sank his grcnt head down over the rim. He offered n tempting mark, and with difficulty they refrained, but there was more dangerous game afoot, and they must needs go warily. The tunnel they were in, the abandoned drive of the old gold huutciis, might lead to the passage which concealed Stoffcl. Presently thcy picked their way along, feeling with feet and hands, their bodies bent to pass the low vault, one car as it were turned hack, to catch any sound from the lion, the other advanced to detect danger ahead, lint the drive merely connected one pit with another, and very soon they stepped out into the next hole, the brilliant stirs breaking on them with the force of a sudden surprise after the intense gloom of the confined passage. ' It is a jackal's hole,' muttered Hans, in disgust. • *Wc must climb out and try another.' 4 Allcrarcl! The Iccuw waits for us on top, and the men down below. If we stay here there is no food lior water. Hnfootie, this time tee have our legs in the trap.' ' Miles groped* around the hole and camt -nj>on . the month; of--another pas sage, half choked with brambles. He thrust tlie barrel of his rifle through, to feel if the tray were clear, and finding room, began to pull at the thorns. ' My Gott,' cried Haus, in a thrilling whisper, 'the leeuw follows!' ■ Miles, turueil his head to listen,, and above the deep; breathing of his com panion heard a low sound from the drive they had left. ' This way,1 he said, guiding Hans to the hole," then, himself struggled through, leaving torn shreds of his shirt on the hookod thorns. The place was low and they had to creep, spurred on by a nerve-shaking growl, that sounded as if their grim pursuer was at their lwels. Quicker,' said Miles, shoving the muzzle into Huns. 'He will hare me by the legs.1 'Hero is another pit,1 whispered Hans, and covorod with dust aud perspiration, and almost stifled, they stood up to recover breath. 'Ictus stick him when he comes out. You take the sword, baas; and I will use the knife the Arab gave" me.' Thoy hoth felt it was bettor to face the brute than to go through the terror of another flight, and thoy stood wait ing one on each side of the . mouth of the drive, their weapons gleaming in thoir hands: 