[COPYRIGHT.] DAYS OF DANGER. I Thrilling Narratives of the Busbranging Times. Keenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART III. The depot of Edwards' party was on ihe Mersey River, some thirty miles from Mount Valentine, and in four days this was reached, and the chief sent in his report. He carefully omitted all refer ence to the phantom, for lie was aware the authorities did not include ghosts, spectres, or even fairies-unless stage ones-as coming within the official list of exemptions from duty. The health of tho party, so the report stated, was beginning to suffer, and aB a large quantity of work had already been accomplished, Evan Edwards claimed for his party a spoil in ihe more settled parts, for the place he left was quite un settled. It might be added here thBt the request was granted, and never again did tho men visit tho wild region they quitted, on duty. The finding of the skeleton was, of course, the most important communica tion which had to be made to the authorities, and it was deemed so queer that an exhaustive written statement and the photograph were forwarded to Hobart Town, where they went before the police. The photo, was at once recognised-^as that of a brutal wife murderer named Jensen, a settler on the Norfolk Plains. Tho tragedy had occurred nearly four years previously, and the aulprit had never been brought to justice. It was three dayB after the crime was discovered, and as all f.he facts pointed clearly to the husband being the perpetrator, a close and vigorous quest was made for him, but he had disappeared as completely as if the earth had opened and swallowed him. A whaling vessel had left Hobart Town about twenty-four hours after tho deed was committed, and the police authorities were convinced, as their search in the colony was fruitless, that Jensen had been fortunate enough to get away in the ship. Efforts wore made to have the craft searched at her port of arrival, but as there were no cables in those days tho attempt proved quite abortive, and the memory of Jensen's crime was quite forgotten. Now it was unexpectedly revived, and in a manner which left no doubt in the minds of the high officials that the murderer had never left the colony, but liad fled to the furthest western regions, and there perished miserably. It was quite likely that the man would either take or destroy his likeness if only from prudential reasons, as if it fell into the hands of the police they would re produce it, and, sending it to different parts, assist in his detention. Fie might have had a special reason in desiring its preservation, and that would seem to be so from the care he took in saving it. That was the common view held, and that he had perished was now beyond all shadow of doubt. That much was solved, yet there was one point which remained to be cleared up. When Jensen dis appeared two other settlers also were missed from a neighbouring farm. They were partners named John Duffy and Thomas Worrall. A fortnight later the body of Duffy was discovered in the Derwent River on which their farm abutted, aud as a boat which they frequently used was dis covered overturned some days previously, there waB every re«son to believe that the two men had met a watery grave. The body of Worrall was never found. It was only the revival of the tragic story of Jensen's crime which resurrected from the grave of memory the strange fate which had befallen the two men Duffy and Worrall-but beyond "a few passing allusions to it, there was little gossip. . It was different in Jensen's affair. The newspapers of the day took the subject up, and it afforded an excel lent theme to harp on for some weeks. " Murder will out," and " The Curse of Cain," were some of the titles which the writers used in dealing with the subject, but the nine days' wonder was soon over, and gradually the memory of Jensen's crime and his fate faded from the public mind. Providence hnd stepped in and dealt out justice to the murderer when human effort was in vain. A second survey party was at once despatched to take up the work unfinished by Edwards. This was under the control of a man named William Considine, and lis it would not be polite on the part of .Edwards and his men to try and frighten off their unevied successors, they said nothing ou the question of ghostB. The story of the skeleton was of course public property, but it was not an uncommon occurrence to unearth human remains in the bush, and Considine and his four men were not at all moved at the thought of working in a district where the bones of a wretched mortal had been discovered. A fortnight from the time Edwards left the haunted spot as he imagined, Oon sidine took up the same small clearing near tho big tree for his camp. This was quick work, but it so happened that when Edwards arrived at the depot, Considine and his party were already equipped to go whither the district sur veyor wished to send them. Of course, the first spot of interest to the newcomers was the grave, and they viewed it with more than usual care, for it marked the last resbing-place of a desperate scoundrel and one who must have been possessed of no common courage, skill, and endurance to reach the locality where his bones were found-. It was not reported that he had ever committed any robberieB or assaults in order to obtain food for the hundred miles or more of rough country which he muBt have traversed, and if he kept the Lake District, or even further west, it was marvellous how he had managed to live. Considine and his men knew full well the perils of such travel, and they concluded that although he must have started away with a good equipment of food and Btores, most remarkable courage and perseverance was shown by him. On the 29th May, Considine and party arrived at the 'Grave Tree,' and next day active operations were continued. The chief was one who believed that it was moBt advisable to keep the camp well supplied with fresh meat if possible, and there was a man continually told off with the gun for the purpose of securing I wild fowl, kangaroo, or such other animals as might be suitable for food. | The reports of gun-shots sounded fre- ' quently during the day, nnd they helped to give a more civilised tone-if such may be said-to the wild district. A week after the arrival of the party, Griiham, the cook, who was always left in camp, reported that the beef-barrel was gelling low, and in face of the fact that so much fresh meat was used, this WBB somewhat puzzling. 4 Did you weigh it at the dep6t when, it was handed over ?' asked Cotisidine, 'No, air. It was given to mo as two hundredweight nott by thestoreman, and I took that as being correct. It ap peared to be quite that when we placed il in the waggon.' Considine, it might be stated, had managed to bring a waggon into the ragged district. This was due to Evan Edwards, who reported that there was a fairly practicable route, which he kindly sketched out for him. This waggon proved very handy, but there was every likelihood that it would have to be aban I doned as they went further on. Of i course it could be picked up again on the J return. ' Well, there couldn't have been that amount in it. Wo haven't eaten much since our arrival. How long will it last under the present circumstances ?' asked Ccnsidine. 'Not more than a fortnight,' was the answer. The chief went away muttering male dictions on the heads of the survey con tractors for their supposed dexterity in cheating, and vowing he would havo everything weighed under his own eyea in future. Ot course, everything was charged against the camp, and the more that was consumed the leB8 money there was to draw when the party returned. Two days later the cook, who was also storeman, had an even worse tale to tell, 1 and one that caused no little commotion and mystification in the camp. A pair of boots and a whole suit of clothes were missing from the waggon, and there was evidence that the biscuit-barrel had been tampered with. The question at once arose, ' Which of the party could have been guilty of bo dispicable an Bet, and what earthly reason was there for the theft?' OonBidine called his men together and told them what had happened. He did not for an instant suspect any of them of the theft. They had been with him almost continuously for two years, arid were most trustworthy fellows. He wanted their advice, but they had little to give. 1 If it was only a mere matter of the food going I should say there was a vagabond aboriginal prowling about, but blacks don't run away with strong boots and clothing. That is where the mystery comes in, and yet there must be some explanation for the affair,' spoke the leader. ' Are you sure the articles were not lost on the journey ?' asked one of the men. ' Yes, quite certain ; for I only took them out of the chest yesterday. They were hanging up in the waggon, and you might have seen them for yourself. Besides, I've noticed little bits of food disnppear the Bame way. There waB that half-enten duck yesterday. I couldn't find it when I wanted it,' answered Graham. * Oh, some animal might have carried that nway. 1 wouldn't think much of that,' replied the first speaker. ' We must make a thorough search in the morning around this place and see if there is anything that will assist us to discover the thief, who, in my opinion, must be white and not black. We may drop on somo tracks that may put us on the scent. In the meantime it will be necessary to keep a watch at night. I'll take my turn the same as any of you,' spoke Considine. This was a sensible stop and was duly carried out, but nothing occurred to dis turb the harmony of the camp. In the morning a close search wns begun, but it proved quite fruitless. The tracks of horBes and men were numerous, but there was no distinguishing whether they were those of friends or foes. Some of them had probably been made by Edwards and his men, and others by the present party ; so after a couple of hours search the quest was abandoned as useless. On leaving the camp strict instructions were given Graham to keep a keen watch; for it was almost certain the previous robberies had been carried out during the day. A further precaution was taken in removing the waggon from the edge of the scrub to the centre of theclearing. In fact, that step should have been taken at first, though, of course, no one even suspected that there was as much as an aboriginal in the locality. Each man, including the cook, carried a revolver, and they would not havo hesitated to use them on any intruder whom they sus pected of pillaging intentions. On the second day -after this event Mesley, the man usually entrusted with the task of obtaining game, came back to the camp a couple of hours after he had left it and exoitedly asked where Mr. Considine was. ' Right ahead in the track, Tom. What have you found? You look regular skeared,' Graham asked. ' Well, I've found another camp, Bill, and not a great distance from here. I just stumbled on it when chasing a wounded wallaby, and my word it's a snug place. I believe we're going to make a queer discovery, for it seems to me like a white man's caboose. I cleared out in a hurry, for I thought every moment a gorilla oraomething else might come along. I must go at once and Bee Considine,' answered the huntsman, ' Gorilla be blowed. There ain't no gorillas about here, but I expect you'll nab the fellow that's been stealing our things. We'll make it hotfor him, Tom,' replied Graham. The latter scarcely heard the cook's remarks, for he was hurrying along the track to see Considine, and in a quarter of an hour he returned with the whole parky. The chief regarded the news as serious, for he armed all the men, and leaving one with Graham, in company with the other two he started under Wesley's guidance for the spot which had so startled the latter. The route taken was due north from the camp and towards the densely wooded peak of Mount Valentine. The country was exceedingly rough, for not only were the creeping plan ts in vigorous luxuriance but huge masses of rock (all granite at times) blocked the way. These piles were much worn, and the decay of ages was most apparent. In some places moder ately sized trees grew on the rocks, for the tops had crumbled away and mixed with earth. Occasionally narrow gullies intersected the Bides, and it was to one of these which Mesley led his comrades. The entrance was overgrown with bauri vine, and in almost total darkness the three men went along beside a babbling brook which wended its course from the mountnin side to the adjacent river. After about a hundred yards the scrub ceased and '.he sunlight poured down, revealing a magnificent scene. The sides of the glen hnd become transformed into walls of rock which gradually rose in a slope until I hoy woro not less than one hundred feet on either side. They did not go up Blieer, but in a serios of gigantic steps) which gave the placo a moat unique appearance. The contro of the glen was covered with vogetation, which relieved tho eyo. The scrub gave placo to tree-ferns, musk, laurel, and other pleaBant-looking growths, and it was evident, that the inhabitant of tho placa (whoever ho or she was) must have had an eyo to beauty as well as comfort when the glen was selected as an abode. ' You must be careful now. The 'den' ia only a hundred yards away in yonder hollow,' spoke Mealey, pointing to a small recess in front. . At this point the party found that by some convulsion of nature a huge ' bite ' had been taken out of the rock walla to a depth of about twenty feet. Tho rc cess made was semi-circular, and such as might be mado by tho bite of some diabolic mouth. Fern-trees had grown' in front in such a way as almost to form a natural barrier. The trunks wore only a few feet apart, whilst above the branches interlaced in a beautiful manner. Wild musk, sarsaparilla, and other pleasing shrubs grew botween, and there was only one well-defined passage which the lirst glance showed hud been often used by man or the lower animals. ' The wounded wallaby got through there, and that's how I found the place,' whispered Mesley as they silently and cautiously wont on looking to see that their weapons were in order. 'How do you know that only one person lives here ?' asked the chief as they neared the spot. ' There is only one small bunk so far 8B 1 could see. That's all I go by. There may be half a dozen if I'm wrong in that respect,' replied Mealey. ' Well, if so, they cannot be white men, so that we have little to fear. Let us go right in. Perhaps the tenant has not returned yet,' said Considine. Passing through the aperture of tho natural rampart a queer scene met the eye. There waa a ledge of granite about ten feet in height and quite flat on top. j It was fully twenty feet square and was approached by two or three rough steps partly formed by nature and partly artificial. On the mount was erected a small.hut, though in fact thero was little need for it, as therocks above and around formed a natural shelter. Clambering up on the small platean, Considine was followed by the two men, and it was ap parent the occupant had not returned, as there was no resistance offered and no visible presence. On one side of the ledge a sort of natural fire-place was formed, and it had every indication of having been used for a long time. Some unburnt fuel waa atill piled in a corner ready for uso. Approaching the hut the examination waa continued. The place was fairly well lighted, for the sun waa streaming down upon the place, and the men were enabled to get a clear view of the interior. At the end waa a small bunk about six feet long by three broad, and it was plentifully supplied with the skins of kangaroo, wallaby, oppossum, and other animals. Several rough spears were standing in one corner, whilst a fur cap was hanging from a peg in the wall. A I small piece of corned beef was lying on a | most ingenuiously-made stone-plate, which had been laboriously fxshioned from a slab of granite. In a corner of the room was a large hollow stone like a basin, and it was quite likely that the occupant used that for boiling water and cooking meat when obtained. ' That corned beef ought to be evi dence against tliiB fellow, whoever he may be, but I don't know how yon arrived at the conclusion that the tenant ia a white man. A blackfellow might have juat such a place,' said Considine. ' Come out here and I'll HIIOW you,' answered Mealey, who had evidently taken a much closer survey of the place on his first visit than he stated. 1 Look there,' he went on as he led them to the face of the granite cliff near the back of the hut; ' blackfellows don't write like that, do they V As he spoke he pointed to the cliff, and with unfeigned surprise the men read the following, roughly but deeply cut out of the rock : " OARL JENSEN." ' JenBen 1 Jensen I Where did I hear that name? Why, that's the name of that murderer whose body-or skeleton -wns found at the big tree yonder by Evan Edwards's party. It's queer, cer tainly. The fellow must have lived here. The thought makos me shiver,'remarked Considine in wonder. ' But who lives here now ? That's what I want to know,'asked Mealey. ' No one so far as I can see. The place may not have been inhabited since Jenaen died. You see it iB so well pro tected here that the hut would remain in ita usual state for a long time,' replied Considine. ' But the corned beef hasn't been here Bince Jensen's death, which is supposed to have taken place about three years ago, and that fire there was alight less than a week ago,' persisted Mesley. 11 had forgotten all about the beef. I suppose it must be an aboriginal who haa found the retreat. It is a real nice little nook and no mistake. If I had to live in the wilderness myself I shouldn't mind just such a spot,' Considine said. 'Myopinion is that a white man or two is still about here. You said a few days ago that blacka did not steal boots and clothes, and I agree with that. Then who took our boots and clothes V asked Mesley. . How can I answer such a question. There iB, of course, a mystery about the whole thing which time alone may answer. In the meantime we will set a watch and try and find the secret for ourselves. It may come sooner than we think. If there is a wild white man in the locality it is our duty to discover all , we can about him and let the authorities know. We will Btation two men here for a few days. I and Jack will remain till to-morrow morning if you'll bring us up a little food. You can stay also, and tell them at the camp to keep a sharp look I out, for the fellow may try to carry off more Btores. He must be running out of provisions by this time,' observed Con sidine. To BE CONTINUED. Money in Sunflowers. A farmer, who had more iand than he knew what to do with, laat year placed a few acres into sunflower cultivation. A fine table oil is made from the sun flower seeds, which yield 2i gallons of oil to the bushel. The estimated yield of 100 bushels of seed to the acre should give a handsome profit on the oil. The cake left after the oil has been pressed ia one of the best forms of poultry food, and the sunflower is to be run in con junction with a poultry- yard. The new enterpriae is said to promise well. What man always does his duty by leaving his post?-The lamplighter. 