THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. \--~--+ Curious stories are told about the powers pos. sensed by certain natives of India, who live upi among the [irnnalny mountains These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothihng about. Lately a Geriman professor visited the 'oadopts," os these queer Hinduhls are called, for the purpose of linldig oun the secret of their remarkable performance. They treated him rather scur. vily, bht interested him all thle nrme. One day the profesor wanted to examine some ancient Sansl:rit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the the books were kept. The place was dlark as the bottom of a well. " Lcant see to read, here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the re ply, and immediately (thu pirofessor says) a soft Pearly light brightened the cave. Iie could riot tell waeuco it carne, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast elot the sli/htest This is a story hard to helieve, yet its truth is fllirmed by a man of vast learning ansd high character, and yon who now read it have ino reason for donbt except that all the light yor have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un. belief commonly rulns parrallel with one's own experieace. iDr. Jolhnsonrr ifrfed at the ac count of the Lisbon earthqurakeyet credited the tale of the Cock Larno ghost. "In the spring of 1888 " writes our corres pondent, " I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appletite poor, andl aftar raoting I had t pain and weight at the chest. I was much tronbled with wild, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depresion of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Offi and on I continued in this way for two yiear, nothing that I took relhovinv me. At last I heard of hMother hleigel's Syrup, and pro cured ia supply. After I had taken only a few dloses I found relief; my food digested, andi gerladually all nervousness left ine. Although I lhiad no reason art flrat to feel any confidence irt this medicine, never having nsed it or ose:, it used, I now g!adly admit its valutt, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Scigel's Curative Syrup I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it is a duty to send this testimony. (Signed) D. Grtffiths. ,1lit Iockley 11ill, Birmingham, Juno eight 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griflith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verfiled withoat more tronrle than it is vorth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, aind can be found at at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or tmagical about Mother Selgel's Curative Syrup. It rets on the theory' that most nilments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal diseasoeindigestion ant dy pepsia; it cures that and throws the light of health and happi over hearts and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that ts told of its success bhy cager witnesses. 