'Is . Terrible Burning Accident. , A SIDNEY MAN PALLS ON A HOT] STEAM-PIPE IN A BATH. . ! HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A FRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt street, a Mr Jarvis lad the misfortune) to slip and fall on the hot "water pipoa, and bofoie he coald be resonod lie was scalded and burnt in o terrible way. Hie shook of the bnrning and the fall proved to be very disastrous for Mr Jarvla, and for a number of years after he was a oonfirmed invalid, Buffering terribly from locomotor ataxia and other forma of paralysis. A four months ago, however, reports began to be circulated in the neighborhood that Mr -Jarvla was gotting round again, and that he ihad had a most marvellous recovery from ?this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special i reporter from tho Sydney Worker was despatched to get nil information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr Thos. Jarvia was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his -face declared him one of the happiest men 'in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer tho knock at tho door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a oriticnl illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid .no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said:-'ion want to know all about my .case 1 Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of .valne to those "who are strloken an I was.' ' How long were you suffering V ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have dono nothing bIUCO then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; 1 >waa badly soalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney, Since the accident I liave b.oon in failing hoaltli, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I warj forced to give up my billet at the Gle»je Island.' * What wore the symptoms V .Simply indescribable. The pains were omething terrible. They were just about as 'much aa I aould bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in mvery part of me. I had no control .over my ibowels or bladder, and was a nuifance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither oat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told mo that my case was utterly hopeless. How over^ he gave me an order to the Dlreotor of Oharitablo Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order V '.No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since, five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, 1 could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, ? and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to, ease the agony I was in. I waB under him for five or six weeks. He came to tho oonolnaion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and di'/fioulty in co ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his leg? about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver tisement describing the cure effected in tho case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman,by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in tho advertisement of a cobo which seamed to fit my own. I determined to give tho pills a trial anyway, and Bent for aJbox. Tho effect was au marvellous as it waB magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was tho matter with me. It waB the first appetite and roBt I. had for many a day. It was incredible. 1 immedi ately loll the bed and was able to move about. You see those crutclioa there ? They ore perfectly new, and I have never used them. Thoy wore made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, butl was too weok to use them, and now I don't want them.' 'Ho is 100 per cent, botter,' said Mrs Jarvis, who bad come in and taken the bahy on her knoos. ' Tho Dr. Williams' Pink PillB for Palo People have saved h'ts life, and made another man of him.' A friend who tailed in at this point said that'Jarvis looked ten yoars younger that .day than ho did a fortnight previoua. ' I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, and all tho feeling has come back Into my legs. I ascribe all tho change and benefit to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I nm in no pain now, whatever, and feel like tt new man. On the mantlepieco them is a hox of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave mo to deaden the oxoruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows mo has been amaisad at tho change in mo. They can hardly bolievo their eyes, "toy being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable/ history, and it confirms what is said ill all tho chief news papers of this oountry . of the astonishing cures wrought by' Dr. Williams' Pink Pilla for Pale People. Thoy cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal- diaeaso, also the many disorders which arise from an im poverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, palo and sallow complexion, gonoral muscular weakness, indigestion, lo«s of ap petite, shortness of broath,pains in tho back, nervoua headache, oto. Mr J. S. T. M'Giwon, leader of the Labor Party in tho N.S.W. Legislative Assembly, waa seen by our reportor in connection with the remarkable caso of Thomas Jarvis. Mr M'Qowen says ha has known Jarvis from infancy. Ho also know that ho had to givo up hia work at Glebe Island abattoirs twolvo months ago owing to a malady which ho dovelopod. He afterwards heard that Jnrvia was bed- ridden, and that thoro waB littlo chance of hia recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to Sydney . Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr M'Gowon was, therefore, . llko everyone olse who knew tho faots, aBtoundod at the complete rooovery of Jarvis. These wondorfnl pills are obtainable from loading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Modioino Co., Klindera strcot, Melbourne, who will forward, post paid, on receipt of stamps or post order, one box for 2s 9d, or half a dozen for 16a 3d. See that tho gonniho Dr, Williams' nre gotten. 