Iman in the- Black Veil, . COMPLETE INTEISlSSTJEi By MARY MACLEOD. copyhioht.j Si 's m0't vexations, said Bert- ' v|u> " What do' the H 1 W\ A Scotland Yard people El iy. IVa-w) think about it ?" H ft 4l 1 \Y> "That there was uw4?"' v7T)( , 'Ay probably connivance '-« on the part of some I | "'J1' own houso- I jr/J y'f "Let mo see if I I havo got hold of the JSi facta correctly. You j left the privuto hotel in Ebury street yes- terday. for iieech- wood. Oil the journey down u bug contuin- valuable jewellery wua stolen, and another bag identical in every particular was put in its place." " Thut's so," replied Bertram. " Who wero your follow passengers ?" "We bad none. Wo travelled alone from Paddmgton to Wcstleigh in a reserved first- class compartment." It seemed to mo that in all probability the tlieft hud boon effected at Paddington station, and I said so to Bertram. In answer to my questions he said that ho wont to take the tiokcts, leaving all the rest of the party standiug near tlio triiekon which the luggage hud been piled. "Of eourso the platform was crammed," continued Bertram, "but it was amusing that none of the party noticed when the theft took place.. What makes it all the more curious is that wo had friends to sco ns oil'." " What friends wore they?" " Oh, some people wo met over in Brittany — a Captain Carter and his son, a . boy of about fourteen. They cuino to London the day _we did, nnd as they wore doing nothing particular yesterday they came to the stution to see the lust of us." "And you haven't the vory faintest vestige of a oluo I Whon you opened tho bogus bag ut Beccliwood, what did you find in it ?" . " Nothing but orumpled up balls of brown paper, with a fow pebbles thrown in to make up tho weight," roplicd Bertram. Then ho paused, and drew out liis pooket-book, and extracted from it a tiuy objeot. "I don't suppose this will be of the slightest help, but you may. us well see it for what it is worth. I clime across it among tho crumpled up paper." It was a minuto sorap of torn-up noto- paper, and there wero a fow letters visible on it. ' tho Clinker and BoodlcB ournetnou urnum Hal ; "Well, can you mako anything of it?" asked Bertram, whon I 'hud gazed at it for some moments. . " " That second li®i looks suggestive." "Yes — tho nnrno of a pluco— Bourne mouth." "Prcoisqly. It may be worth following up. Shall I run down to Bournemouth to morrow, nnd havo a look round ?" _ J " My dour follow, I'd bo eternally grateful. Poor Jack is so ill, they've tolographbd for me, but if lie gets hotter in a day or two I'll coino and join you." s He furnished mo with a list of the missing jowollery, uud the noxt day I started on ray amateur doteotive work. On arriving at Bournemouth, my first objeot wiis to get hold of a local dircotory, and run through. a list of tho houses. . Laburnum Hall, I found, was a fashionable boarding-liouse. , Thero ' was luokily a vacanoy, so I ougaged a room for a week. At dinner I saw all my fellow-boarders .assembled. On my right were seated a good- lookmg soldiorly man, and a bright-faced lad of about fourteen, who wero new-comers like myself. I soon discovered that the mini was a Major Winter, and that' the .boy was his nqijliow. There wero also a" husband and wife, a fatlior and daughter, two uuoient maiden Indies, und an oldorly brother and his still more elderly sister. And each ono -of tlioni, individually ' and colleolively, looked tho essence of ronpcotubility 1 . . I was rcilcctiug somowliat moodily upon the position of affairs whon my attention was attracted by the bustle of a fresh arrival. Looking from tho window I saw a cub laden with luggage standing at the garden gnto, and just descending from it, leaning heavily on the arm of a youuger figure, was a tall, elderly woman, dressed in a long, dark travelling olouk, a mushroom hat, u thick, black , veil, , nud with a green shade over licr eyes. " What an extraordinary get-up !" was my inyoluutarily exclamation. " Sho looks like a disguised brigand in a molodrama," and then a strange overwhelming thought rushed across me. Disguisud ! . What more likely ? That thick veil, and the disfiguring green shade ! The only improbability seemed to mo that the disguise was too crudo, too palpable. It was almost a travesty, and defeated its own xiurpose by culling attention to its wearer. But once the idea hnd entered mv mind I could not dislodge it. Supposo in tuoso now arrivals I should discover tlio identical " Olinker" and "Boodles" of whom I was in scaroh ? - Perhaps I showed something of tho agita tion in my mind, for I presently became nwuro'thut Major Winter was regarding me inquisitively. ," Any thing up ? Have you discovered some long-lost rohitivo in that mysteriously garbed fbmalo ?" ho inquired. . I made some jesting reply, und soon after wards rotircd to my room to think ovor matters at uiy loisnro. That night I wroto to Bortram, tolling him the position of utfairs. Iu liiH return letter ho said that before rocoiviiig mine ho hud already consulted a vory sharp follow, a private detective, who was making inquirios in unotlior likoly quarter. In tlio meantime I wits to koop a very striot watoli at Laburnum Hull, and let liim know nil that wont on thero. Tlio now-oomoi's, we wore informed, wore a Mrs. Penn. nil invalid laciv. and liur com- panion, a Miss Parley. Mrs. Ponn suffered much with bur oyos. On thoir account alio could stand 110 strong light ; sho always woro oitlior tlio green sliudo or darkened glasses, and alio novcr stirred out of doors without tho addition of tlio thick black veil. A week went by" in "apparent ontwnrd onlm j hut strange things worn happening below tho surfuco at Laburnum Hall. Thero wero linploasant rumours, and whisperings. Miss Oudwortb, tlio lady-maiiugor, a lookod harassed nnd distressed, several of . tho hoardors might have been soon confabulating in corners, raid tin air of uggrossivb suspicion was noticeable on many faces. 1' had plonty just thou to oocupy my thoughts and, atten tion. . Ono morning whon I was in tlio smpking- room Major Winter entered abruptly. " Can I liavo a fow words with you, Mr. Prost?" "Certainly," I replied. "I am at your sorvioo." ( "What nro ali tlioso unpleasant, things I am hearing ?'' ho suid. , "Perhaps you can enlighten 1110." , - ' " What have you heard?" was. my phswor. "Why, several of tho boarders declare that they . have bcou missing some of. . their X>osscssioiis. Miss Crofton says that th'reo nights ago her truuk wus opened,' tlio lock of liur dressmg-case forced, und a gold watah mid olmm, uud jewels to the value ot ovor 39 takon." ' . . " I bolievo that is tho ease," I- said. "I wus told so, at any rata,. tlio day botope yes terday."' " And wlw wero not tlio . rest of us told?" domnnded Major Winter, liis facQ darkening, " Slinx>ly because the doteetivos widhad tho matter kox>t a secrot, in order that the tliievoa should have no inkling tliut tlioy woro sus pected, Thoy: wish to drop down on thom without uny possibility of mistako;"1 " Tlion tlio matter is nlroady iu the hands of tho police?" : ' Certainly it is." . ' Thore was dead Bilonoo for a momopt. . Tho major wus ovidoutly lntensoly annoyed. Then lie broko out— . . "It is treating, us disgracefully— shnme- fully— we ought to havo been told what was going on — warded. I, myself— yes, I will' keep it n seorot no longer— I,. too, have been robbed." "Really? I am sorry. Is it a serious loss?" " Yes, decidedly so. Ovor £10 was token from a purse which I foolishly forgot, and loft in tho pookot of my great-eout." " You had better go to tho polico station at once, and giro information," I said, "unless you caro to wait till this evening,' when the inspector is sure to call. I am "afraid you won't see your money back, hiit at least you may have tho - satisfaction of knowing that tlio wretches who robbed you will soon be in sufo oustody." . Major Winter gave mo a long and incredulous staro. "Who are they?" he asked, 'In a sharp, ' stern voice.. , . ''Xlint I am not at liberty to mention. But listen — ono word of. caution. Don't breatho a word of what is going on beforo Miss Parley or Mrs. Penn." Ho lookod at mo ugain. As ho took in my meaning, u slow, smile crept over his frown ing fuce. , , " ... "By Jovo 1'bli'e said. "Who would have thought it? -But I shouldn't wonder if you . are right after 'alii Now whatever put you on the track of those villains?" v As a follow victim to' the extent of £10; I considered he was entitled to what little in- ' formation I could give, so I told him tho whole story of . the theft of Bertram's bag, and of the disqoveiy of tho scrap of paper that led to my anival at Laburnum Hall. Wlion.I had finished, lie remained for a fow moments plunged in meditation. Then ho; left mo, saying that ho meant to go at oneo to give information at the police station. I bethought myself thut if a crisis were npproaehing, it- would be well to liavo Bortram on tlio spot ; so I presently went to . tho telograph ofiico and wired to him to come down by tho first train. His brothor was hotter, I . know, and Bertram was now at leisure to tako part in tho invostigutious. As I camo out of the telograph office I mot Major Winter going in. It may havo .been imagination, hut I certainly fancied that he looked both startled and annoyed when ho saw mo. Ho .missed on. linwnvni. wilt . . tolerably cordial nod, mid I. saw no more m? him till late in tlio uftornooui' ' It was a dull Sopteiuhcr day, raining and blowing, and feu' of tbe boarders loft the house. About, fivo o'olookl happened to bo pnssing through tlio liiill, when I mot Major Winter and liis -nophow, with their great coats and lints, on. " Going out ?" I inquired, somewhat need lessly. : \- "Yes ; can't stand the house any longer. Gerard and I are going for a good tramp— 'shan't he back till dinner-tiino." \- " Well you'ro fairly protected against tha weatlior, anyhqw," I suid, with a laugh, for, indeed, the .big ..Inverness ooats, with thoir voluminous capes, scorned fitted to brave tho Bnowa of January than tlio muggy mildness of a Soptembor rain-storm. Ho, did not look very woll pleased, but lie made sonio half- jesting reply, and a momonb later tlio hall door slammed behind thorn. - Not being certain by what train Bortram would come, I did not, go to tho station to meet liim, but we hud . barely sat down to dinner whon ho iirtivcd. Ho soon joined us ut tnblc, and wo agreed to defer any privuto conversation till tho moal was ovor. Thtiro woro three vaesn): seats that night, for Mrs. Poun, wo heard; wus too unwell to lcavo her room, and Major Wintor and liis nophow had not yot returned from thoir " good tramp." "Bytliowuy," said Bertram, presently, " wasn't it queer ? I ran across tho Carters at tho station. . Thoy wero cutching the 7.40 train back to London, so' I stayed chatting with them a few minutes." " Tlio Carters ? Oil, yes, tiio pooplo whom you inot in Brittany, and who woro with you at Puddington tho day your bag was stolen. Did you tell thom what brought you horo?" "Yes. They, wore deeply interested j quits sorry' tlioy wero leaving Bournemouth to- uiglit. But corao, if you cun tear yourself away from that enticing dessert, I. should like to lieai' all the news." Wo soon found ourselves alono in my room. Bertram wus much oxcited to heur what I liiid to toll, and in return imparted some news of his own. , Tho dcteolivo whom, ho wus employing hud got hold of unimportant clue, and if some information which he momentarily expected arrived' 'in time, ho' was to follow JJqrtrara by the next truiii. Soon after" tenNt visitor was. announced, who was shown up to my room. Ho wua a pale, lank iiian, with a somewhat imbeoilo expression, and- au irritatingly dolibbruto miimior. .. ; , " You've got thom safe under this roof?" ho said. "Good. . No bhiuicb of their osoupc? Not an inkling'of our suspicions?" "Not a soriip," I replied.' "We havo kept tho matter so secret that I believe they do not ovon knoiy yot that thoir dolinquoncea liavo beon found out.'.' " Su much the bottor. I hour thoy aro up to. tho usual dodgo — fathor unit son — uu officer in tlio army, &o.; Musgravo camo in just after you; loft," continued tho man, turning to Bertram. . "Ho brought mo just tlio information I wanted. They don't trouble tliomsolves with much attempt at make-up." ."No; tlieir disguiso is oertainly of tlio clumsiest," I responded. " The older woman goes about with a tliiek black veil " Mr. Dova favoured mo with a long staro. "Woman?" lio said. ".Thorn's no woman iu tlio buso us I know of. This uftoriiuou I hoard on undoubted authority that ' Tlio Clinker ' and 1 Boodles ' are u vory wull known pair— a goiitlcmim swindler and a precious young soamp of a buy, who pass themsclvos off as father, and son. They jilay tho liotol anil bonrdiiig-housa - gumo, and walk off witli iinsuspeoting follow pasaongers luggage, and mako a pretty good thing out of it, too." ' Berl.riim"loo:eil at mo, and I looked at him. " There must be some mistake, " I boguu; "None the least, sir, bogging your pardon," said tho man promptly. " Sly informant is ono I can roly on. This hero Clinker und Boodles— alius Cuptuiu Carter und'hisson — k" " What ?" cried Bortram. ' ' Alius, Sfajor Winter and liis nephew— " "What?" cried I. . "Alias half, a dozon othor names, have been run down. at last, ' ' said Mr. Dove. "I liavo help waiting . outsido, uiid I flatter myself oar gentlemen won't cscupo us this time." "But Major Winter was himself among thnHo who were robbed," I exclaimed; uliug- lug to a last vestigo of liopo. "He hud £11) stolon from liim a fow duys ago." Tho ghost of a contemptuous smile fluttered for a moment over Mr. Dove's immovable features. "Toll your grannie 1 Who heurd of thut robhory till till tho othors .came to light? That was nothing but it dodgo to divort suspicion, if necessary, from himself ; a blind that would sciiroely havo' doobived tho veriest simplotou." ' It was ploasant ,fo rcmomher how I had tulcou tho villain into iny coniidonco I I ground my tqotli' at tho rccolleotiou of my folly. . r Bertram, who hitd heon sitting amazed at tho turn things had tilkou, here sprang to his foot vvitli an oxchiintttion of dismay. ; ' "'Tho Carters !' By Goorgo— I see it all. Tlio birds huvo flown"! .Why, I saw thorn oil in tho train for London. That oxpluiiw why thoy looked so ugliast at scuiug mo." . It wus oven' so. A visit to their rooma proved beyond doubt that tho military-look ing siviudlor and tlio bright-fnocd hoy had takon'" "a busty! flight. Any possessions -of value had boon stowed away under , thoir flapping' Inverness cloaks, and a. shabby portmanteau rand tin ompty Gladstone bug wero ull that remained to toll of their prosenco in Laburnum Hull. Thus ondod. my first attempt at umatour , detective worlf. .1 hud 'tbo satisfaction of leurmng from oiileiul lijis that I ''hud oomplotoly "jmilled " tlio euso, \- As for tlio , objeot ot my suspicions — tbo woman in tlio bluuk veil — sho was in truth, nothing nioro nor loss than what slin pretended to be— a lmrqilcss, elderly invulid of a re tiring disposition. , , Tlio progress of tho sales of tea in Colombo is shown tha TviicB of Cti/fon m a hibular stafcemout.- Tho local saloH in 180U wora 5,061,002 lbs.,- or 127 pur cent of tho total Hhipmonta, whilo during .thin your tho fitruroii aroreepootively 20»612,009 lbs., and 227 per (iOiit. - A loootd in .tlio trade wan OHtabliabod the othet , day wheu a single steamer, the . Bibby ' linoi- Oheshu'Q, loaded 110 less than. 1aBOO,000 lbs, ot tea from Coylun, , 