THE NEXT ROM Bv Oct Ave Tuaket, m Harpcr'i Magazine. It was as mncb the mystery as tht horror that trade the case of Morgan e Clark (commonly known as o'dTweiry percent) of such burning interest to tli- s x d uly journals of the town. I have been told that the feet of tirelss young reporters wore a separate path np the bluff to the sight of old Margaret's abode; bat this I qaeston, Irecauqe there weie already two path made for them by the feet of "old Margaret's customers —the winding path up the grassy slope, and the steps hewn out of the sheer yellow bluff side, sliced down.to make a backing for the street. These are the facts that, whichever the path taken, they were able to glean : Mi's Margaret lived on the bluffin the western part cf the town" The street below crosses at right angles the street running to the river, which is of the kind the French term an ' impasse.' It is a street of varied fortunes, beginning humbly in a wide and treeless plain, where jimson, dock, and muBtard weed bare their will with . the grass, passing a number of houses, each in i s own tiny yard, creeping. np the hill and the social scale at the same time, until it is bordered by velvety boulevards and terraces and lawnB that glow in the evening light, and p'dtty houses often painted; then dropping again to a lone'y gulley, with the flaming kilns of the brick-yard on one side, and the huge dark bulk of the brewery on the other, reaching at last , the bustle and roar of the bnsiest street in town. The great arc-light swung a dazzling white porcupine above the brewery vats every night (when the moon did not shine), and hung level with the crest of the opposite bloff. By day or night one could see the trim old fashioned garden and the close cropped lawn and the tall bur-oaks that shaded the two-story brown cottage in which for flfteen years Margaret Clark had lived."Here she was living at the time of these events, : with no protector except her bnll-dog, the Colonel fwbo. to be" snre. under- stands his basin ess, and I cannot deny him a personal prononn), and no com panion except Esquire Clark, her cat. She did not keep fowls — -judging it right and necessary to slay them on occasion, bat never having the heart to kill anything for which she had cared and which she had taught to know her. Therefore she bought her eggs and her ' frying cbickena' of George Washing-: ton, a worthy colored man who lived below the hill, and who kept Margaret's garden in order. Although he had worked for hen (satisfactory service being given for satisfactory wage) during all these fifteen years, he knew as little about her, he declared, as the first week he came. Nor did the wizened little Irish woman who climbed tbe clay stairway three times a week to wash and scrub know any more. Bat she stoutly maintained the old lady was a rare lady, and the sainte would be good to her.' One reporter, more carious, discovered that Margaret had helped this woman over a rough pres. The only other person (outside of her customers) who kept so mncb as a speaking acquaintance with Margaret- was the sheriff, Amos Wickliff. And what he knew a£ her he war able to keep even fr-jm the Bran. As for the customers, her maliciouH nickname explains her business. Margaret was an irregular money-lender. She loaned money for short periods on personal security or otherwise. It should speak mall faa Itaa iilmneH ilsuillii tnit MM TAKlV me.de a bad debt. Yet she was not unpopular ; - on the contrary, she bad the name of giving the poor a long day, an<f.tor her trade, was esteemed lenient.- "Shortly after her accident, also (she had the ill hap to fall down her cellarway, injuring her spine), ebe had remitted a number of debts tu her poorest debtors. The accident pqpnrredof a Wednesday morning ; Wednesday afternoon her nephew called on her, having, he said, hut just discovered her whereabouts.. The reporters discovered that this nephew, Archibald Cary Allerton by name, wss not an invited and Yar from a welcome guest, although he gave ont that hie mother and he were his aunt's snlo living kindred. She would , not 6peak to - him "when hie visited her, turning her head to the Wall, moaning - and mattering, so tint it" was' hot. kindness to leave her. = The nurse' (Mrs. lister, the jailer's wife, had come up from, thejail) said thaj he seemed distressed. ' He called again daring the evening, after Wiekliff, who sprat most | of the evening with her alone, was gone, but he had no better success ; she would Dot or could not speak to him. Thursday morning she saw Amos .Wickliff -. Shs seemed brighter, and gave Amos, in tbe presence of .the- nnrse./thc notes and mortgages that she desired released. Thursday evening; abbot .eight o'clock, A mna ratnrnMl to rmoH; -how he'had done his commissions. - He found the house flaming from roof-tree to sills ! There was no question of his-saving-' the eick woman. JEvCn as he pihfcefl tip tbe hill-side tbe roof fell in with a craab. ' Amos screamed loathe -crowd about tbe. flames.: Wfawa is she? Did yuu save her 1 ' Aod the Irhli cbar- womau's wail answered him : I wint in —I wiot in when it. was all afire, and the fire jumped at. me,- So eyebrows is -gone, and -I didn't .see s- sign of her. Then Amos betodcfaiufeelf to lbs. Bsker, whom he frand only. after much searching ; nor did Tlier. story reassure him. he -Was sipleiify agitated between pity nod ehwfe bates UBuai, "h" kept her head on her. shoulders anil was not in the honse / when the-cata- stropbe happened.,, AUegtra hrf'JOTiie to see hie aunt ' she might child beiiig with -hie aunt ' Wickliff ?3PecJ it's only a straiujtoke a jar ct my, plum, jelly medicine in 1 ' S) half an honr honar. StwreW -ftvifliefcarinjn lo wer-windnwU. CH; WjWUj hrother-in-l.w ;te.;ahlil»MWMffii she nmswiftl io wergtory ?jP the MIL ' ? ' / "T'r Mrs, 0ESiea, the char-woman, and' she did find a ladder, end pat itagaifiBt Ihe wall and the window of Mi ; Clark's chamber, which window - »«« ' wide open, and Mrs. Baker held the ladder while Mrs. O'Sbea, who was of a more agile and slimmer build, clambered ' np xhe rounds to look through the nmokt, already mixed with flame. And the room was empty. Amos at once had the neighbourhood searched, hoping that Allerton had conveyed hie aunt to' a place of safety. There was no trace of either aunt or nephew. ' But Amos foond a boy who confessed (after some pressure, for there were grape stains on his fingers and-his «lothes) that he bad been in Miss Margaret's' yard, in tie vineyard faring heir room. " H e had been startled by a kind of rattOngnbise aod a scream. Involuntarily be cowed be- h ind the-vinee and pestel through at the bonsa - The nfindpwe of Miss "Clark's roomwere "ctosed,or maybe one was open very slightly ; bnt suddenly this window was pushed np and Allerton leaned out He Knew it was Allerton by the square shoulders. He did not say anything, only tnued his head, looking- every way. -The boy thooght it time to ran. He was clear of tbe yard and beginning to ' descend the bluff, when he looked back and saw Allerton running very swiftly through the circle of light cast by the electric lamp. All the reporters examined tbe lad, bnt he oever altered . bis tale. 'Mr. Allerton looked frightened — he looked awfol frightened,' he said. Amos was on the point of sending to tbe pol c, when AUxrhra him>elf appeared. The incredible story which he told only thickened the suspicions beginning to gather aronnd hitn. He and that be bad found bis aont disinclined to talk. Sbe told faim to go into the other room, for she wished to go to deep ; and . although he had matters of serione importance to discuss with ber,heconld not force his presence on a lady, and he obeyed her. He went Into the adjoining room, and there he sat in a chair before the door. " The door was the sole mpans of exit from the bedchamber. The two rooms nnana intra aanll ftftlflp lifi 11 P firlfil " and the second room, in which Allerton sat, had a dodr into a small hail, from which tbe staircase led down stairs. Allerton was ready to ewear to faia story, which was that be had sat on the chair before tbe door until" he beard a muffled scream from the other room. Instantly he spraug op, opened the -door, and ran into the other room. The bed was opposite the door. To his terror and amazement the bed was empty, the room was empty. He ran frantically round tbe room, and then flung up the window, looking out; but there was nothing to beeeen. Moreover, the room was twenty feet from the ground, nott was there scr much us a vine or a lightning-rod to help a climber. It" was past believing that a decrepit old woman, who could not torn in bed. alODe, should -have climbpd out of a window aud dropped twenty feet to the ground. Besides, there was the boy watching that side of the house 11 the lime. He had seen nothing. Bet where was Margaret Clerk I The cbiBf of police took the responsibility of arrestiug Allerton. Perhaps he was swayed to this decisive step by the boy' testimony being in a measure corroborated by a woman of unimpeach able character living in the neighbor hood, who beard screams ae of some thing in mortal piiu of fear, at about tbe time mentioned by tbe hoy. She looked op in tbe house nod was half minded to climb the steps ; but the wounds ceased, the peaceful lights in abl«wnaMi fku til II Hfirfi tlOt dlltDTbed. and chiding her own ear?, ebe passed on. The fire broke ont a little later, hardly a quarter of an hour after Allerton went nway. " This waa estab lished by tbe fact that the boy, who ran at the top -of bie speed, had barely reached borne before he heard the alarm-bell. The flames ; seemed to envelop the whole structure in a flash, which was .not so much a m«tier of. marvel as other tbiogs, since the house was of wood, and dry ae tinder from n loon -drought. « A »- « _ aLmA AllaviAn suse it was :p085IDie hUSb AHWWU wreo lying, and that while be and the boy were gone the old woman, had dis covered the fire and painfully crawled-: down stairf and out of the bortnog honse ) bnt, in bat case, where wsb die i How could a feeble old woman thus vanish off the face of the earth! The next dey the police explored the rains. They half expected to find the hnnrt Of ' the unfortunate creature. They did not find a shnd of anything that resembled bones. If Allerton had fpurderered his aiidtjliB had so contrived1, bis crime as to . destroy every vestige of the ' body i AiflVfltotlog motive' to do such ah atroewne area,, why shonld W» venturesome eni tn- eenious u marder !jtopi»d -everything by a wiiff fairy tsle I Tbe reporters louhdthemsehres before a blsnfc «a1L \- 'Maybe "it atn't si faire'toH 'Amos Wickliff suggested qne ny, fwo naya aftsr the 'fliySteri. : He - tbe boys ' a 'lrinfl word en the court-house Step. . 'J "It's to beh<5»8d Ifc is a true story. Said the yoanedt and naturally most' hardened reporter nincs then be'tl die with better consmenwT, . . They never cm . convict him ou the ovidencsLV IdVrrii . «>?' t don't she >hw jthefrenfiveubod luiD«- ..'a' w- ; ;'iLv V « hy (olbire 1 naiainB. fThertfe somethlog fad«.?ittodR; Mid dlhre'jridemtbiilMjiW' sked anoUHrepdter. S ' Bay to; « .'®rstj oung m»u «- j retolmd, liktipg 'berwff paying. That made tie iriowd 4hid. At every wntt nee tbey letugOif a -. howl. Yru nwdi,'; bu wi'd cat ; it ain't fnriVy I Si' tht feller in j til, I bet. Is it, Ainosl' "Von "boy b better ctll off your dugs, if yoU can get 'em,' was all th aheriff deigned to answer, and be row as he spoke. . He did not look di-turhpd, bnt his placid mask belied hiu>- . -filter than most men be k> ev what.»ibrmy petrels 'the iiew»p»p«r Iwjv win'. And better than a .y man he Jruf-w what an eggshell was hiv j lil., 'I'd almost like to-'bav,eni. bn-t thatfoo' door, thoueh",' hie gr.mly r< fleeted' jut to show tbe super viaors I kne'w" What T " was talking about. I'll get a; now "jail ont nf those old roosurr or they'll have to get a new sheriff- But mean while — He fell iuto Ja;perj»li-xed and gloomy reverie, thtough which his five years' acquaintance with- the loBt women drift, d pensively; s a moving car will pass, slowly revealing first One familiar face and then another I sup pose Fm what the lawyers wooldcall ber next friend — hereabouts, anyhow, he mused, 'and yet you might s«y it was quite by accident we etartfd iu to. know each other, pour old lady !' Tilu cause of tbe first acquaintance was as simple as a starved cat which a jury oi small boys were preparing to hang jmt nnder the bluff. Amos cut down the cat.and almostinthesome rhythm, ss the disciples of Delearte would say, cuffed the nearest executioner, while the others fled. Amos bated catr, but this One, as if recoguisiog his giod-will "(acd per haps finding some sweet drdp io. the bitter existence of peril and starvation that ha knew, and therefore" loath to yield it), clang to Amos' ktrtes and essayed a feeble purr of grathude. ' Well, pussy,' said Amo, 'goodbye!' But-the cat did not stir, except to rub feebly again, It was a black cat, very large, ghastly thin, with .the rough coat of neglect, and a pxir of burning eyes that might have reminded Amos of Fos's ghastly conceit were be not pro- tected against such fancies by tbn best of protectors. He could not remember diB&oree;&hlv; that which he had never read. 4 Pussy, you're about starved, said Amus. I believe I've gut to give you a stomacbial before I turn you loose.' 4 HI give the kitty something to est,' said a voice in, tbe air. . Amos stared at the clouds ; then he whirled on his bed, a'<d rrcianised both the voice, which had -a different accst and quality «f tone from the voices that ho was used to hear, and the little, shabby, gray-beaded woman who was scrambling down to him. 4 Will you F -vxcl imed Amos, iu re lief, for he knew her by repute, though they had never locked c.ch other in tbe face b-forr. 4 W-ll, that' very nice of you Miss Clark.' 4 I'll fc.ep him with pleasure, sir,' said tbe old woman. 4 I've had a bereavement lately. My cat died. She was 'most at the allotted, term, I expect, -bat so spry and so intelligent I couldu't realize ir. I couid't somehow feel m.Silf attracted to a-iy other ca\ Bat this poor fugitive — Come here, sir !' To Amoi' surprise, the cat sum moned all its forcee, and after oil futile staecer, enpd into her arm4. A strange little shape she looked to bito, as be st'.od, with her head too large for her emaciated little body, which was arrayed in a coarse black serge snit plainly fl-itsam and jnteam of the bargain cnuuter, plouned for a woman of larger frame. Yet une mth 89 the woman lookrd, she was perfectly neat. " 'I'm obliged to voo for savioz the poor creature,' she eaid. Fm oblised to you, marm, for taking i( off my bands.' said Amos. He bowed ; she returned his bow — not at all in tbe manner ur with the carriage to ho expected of socb a plain and ill- clad presence. Amos considered the incident concluded. Bat a few days later she stopped him on the street, nervously smiling. 4 That cat, sir,' she began in her abrupt way — she never seemed to open a conversation; Bhe would dive Into - it with-a shiver, . as a timid Bwimmer dives into the water — 4 that \- mil? '>a9t0 fhst pnt; «r ifi R fiffht intelligent animal, and he has pleased the Colonel. He's so fastidious I was, afraid, though Xdidn,t mention it; bot tbey orewetyjBongeoisL 'Fm glad they're frieodly,' 'Bays Amos; 'the Colonel woujd make mince-mreit of ' an uncongenial . eat. Wbat-do you call the cat F \- 1 couldo,t, on account of ctrcam- stances, -.you know, -call faim alter my last cit, Mi8sHargaret Clark, so I call faim Esquire -Clark. : He knows bis name already. I thank you again, sir, for . having faim: . I just- stopped y on so h to tell ypu I had a lot of ripe goose berries I'd be glad to have you send and pick.' ' Why; that's good, of yoo, ' said Amos. 4 1 guess the boys at thejail would like a.Tittle gooseberry sauce.' She oodde£ and turned round ; tbe WUIUD VOUID U«« uui ouvuiwsi ) wwjl - sir, I expect "yoo wouldn't give them jam? It,e great deM hjBtter Jthan s£uoc8, -aodI.dt tdiad yoo. have the Jmahugar. Amps wis more bcwildered than he showed, -but he tbauked-hr.kiod did, in fact, cooie; th&t; 'ttfter&oon; with-ti boggy. v "" The ' first object .to greet tim was tiie'lifrge 'white, bred sod the ' large black jaws of ilm'Cdtrael,' chained lo a bogs posh' Amos, who'iis Sa -trierid '-of all dogp, kpd 1 'iriMOtimea ; hue h11 nninyited, followieg.: «f stray con gave tie "jirling .figore-headNja nod sod . baOeteaB' greietipEr:/' All light, yourig feiidw. ' Dou't disturb yourself. . Fm Eeti ull 'propsr and '%al. , Hpw are woo?'. Tfae-edonbtafaie <3bipiiel-liegd& nil u-li mns -came ami tofaim.fap'hc&aaUy; fawned on him wito toanafeeUOiraBBfilBasBire : j I goalie's refdto oriidose, . marm, V v DMmMpsrcent ruras lookihg.oo , the prisoners in the jail frm «aj S ic- day daring the season; , and Amos, n«t. to be" churlish, returned thq err . s/ with a fljwpriog plant, u iwjand tli.n in winter. But he nevr orriid hi gifts bimsrlf, esteeming4 (Lat k- C' conduct won'd be an intra dun «» a lady - who perferr'-d a _ retired lift. Enquire Clark, howtver, was of a stu.-i 1 turn. He visitei thejail often. The first lime he came Amos sent faini back. ' The messenger, Mrs. Baker, WfcS r- c tived at the door, thanked wa«mly. sent away leaded with fruit -and "flowers, but not asked over the tofretiold, wldcb made Amos the surer he was right in not going himself. Neveitheleaa, he did . go to see Mies Clark, but hardly on hie own rraod. -A oarpenter in the town, a good sort . of thriftless though indnetrioue creature, ..came to Amos to borrow some money. He explained tbf-t lie needed it to pay ioterest on a deb', and that his tool', were pledged far security. The interest, he mourned, was high,' aud -the debt long standing. Tbe creditor was Old Twentyperccnt. 4 It's a shame I 'ain't paid it tff before, and that's a fact, ' be concluded ; 4 bnt a fellow with nine children can't pay nothing — not even tbe debt of nature — for he's 'fraid tojlie and leave them. And the -blamed thing's been a-runnio, and a-runnin' like a ring worm, and a-eatin' me 'up. Though my wife she says we've more'a paid her np in interesr.' Amos had an old kindness fur the mac, and after a vi-it to bis wife — he holding the younge. t two of the nine (twins) on hi kne-s and keeping the peace with candy — be told the pair he would ask Miss Clark to allow a third extension, on tbe pi - ment of the interest. 4 VreH, bnt I don't know's he's even got that,' said tbe wife anxioualy. 4 We'd a lot of expenses; I don'r. 8pose we'd orter bad the twins', photographs taken this month, but they was £0 delicate I was 'fraid we wonidu't raise 'em ; and Mamie really couldn't go to school without new shoes. Children's a blessing, I s'pose-1, but it's a blessing poor folks bad got to nav for in advance ! 'So!' says Amos. 4 Well, we'll have to 8&B; to that much, I gues?. £'11 go this night.' He betook himself to his errajpl in a frame of mind only half distasteful. The other half waa curious. Hie visit fell on a summer oigbt, a Sunday night, when tbe air was soft and still and sweet with tb» tiny hum of insects and the smell pf drying grass and the mellow resonance of tbe church- belle. Amos climbed tbe clay stairs- The white porcupine blazed above the bluff1. It gave light enoueh to see the calor of the gra«a and flowers ; yet not a real color, on'y tbe ghost of ecarlet and green aod white, and only a ghost of the violet sky, while all about the devouring shadows sank form and color a 'ike to their olive black. The stars were nut in tbe sky and the south wind-in the trees. Amos stepped across the lawn — | be waa a light walker although a heavy, weight — and stopped before -the front , door, which had long windows on either side". He had bie arm out- Stretched to kunck ; but he did nut knock; he stood and- watebfd the green bolland shade that screened the window, rise gradually. Hu con Id see tbe room, a large room, uncafpetcd, whereby the step9 of tbe inmate ecbo-d on the boards. He m-nld see a writing- desk, u table, and four or five chairs. This chaira were entirely different from any thing else iu the room, they were of pretty shape sod extremely comfortable. Immediately tbe curtain descended at a run, and tbe old woman's voice , called, 4 You'.c a| bad cat ; don't you do that again 1' Tbe voice weot on as if soma one present : ' Did yoo ever see such a trying beast? ' Why, he's almost human ! Now, yon watch ; the minute I Coin away from the window, that cat will pall np the shade 1' It appeared that she was fight, fur the curtain in- staotly rolled np again. 4 No honey,' said Miss Olark, 4 you mustn't en courage. the kit'y to be naughty. "Squire, if 1 let that curtain stay a minute, will you behave F A dug's ornwl emnhasised this senile renruuf. 4 Yon see the C-ilouel disapp over. 4 Don't pull the dog's tail, honey. Ob," mercy l 'Squirt Amos beard a" crasb, and in an instant a fltnu shot up in a cone ; arid be," with one bluW, dislodging tbe screen from the open window, plnnged into the smoke. The cat bad tipped over tile lamp, aod tile table was in blaz4. ' Amos's" quick eye caught sight uf the box which served Es quire for a bed. He huddled feather pil low and rug on tbe floor to iovert tbe box "over the blaze. The fire was" out in. a moment, and Margaret had brought another lamp from the kitchen. Then Amos had leisure to look about htoi. There was no. one in the room. - Yet that was not the most pungent matter for thought. Old 'Margaret, whom he had considered : one of ' the plainest women in the world, as devoid of taste of tiimntv. vaa . utAnilinp. Kdare him iu a black eilk'go'wo. A fine black silk, he pronounced it. -She hs soft lace.j about her withered thro it, and a cap with pink ribbons . qn her gray , hair, whidh looked silvery soft.--; Her skin, . too, seemed fairer and finer ; . aod there were rings that-flashed and - glowed on - her thin' fingers! - It "was -not Old Tareotypercent ; it was a . stately little; gentlewoman that stool before ."faim., 4 How did you happen to coin, sir 1 ' -s-stae' epoke wiib coldness ' \I cameonsneirand/abd I was just at the door when the enrtrin flew np and. the cat jumped -across .flbe - table.' She. iuvulantsriiy caugbt -her breath, like oneielieved; thee -die smiled. ' You' mnstp'tibe top faaid on, 'Squire,; bAi of h tiervouB temnersURat : I tilick he Me things— things outside our ken.'" \- MeSUwfatle AmOB was onable uot-rto" jbtc that thare iadheun oa the toble a -tumbler dull of some kindrif sbrab.-fiuur ml«8eKMid-a fdecanter of Wfae. ' jAud But where were the driukere"? Tb«U lad to bav«> 5-1 u sit <ovn and have » gLss of wine with me, Mr. Sheriff.' 4 Perhaps you may n't t>» so slid when you hear my errand,' Slid Amo. She went white in a second, and her fingr-r curved inward like the tine' r of the dji»B ; she was openinj end shutting h<r month without making a sound.. H« hid seen a mm hanged once, and tbat face hod worn tlis esme efcas'ly itate of expectation. "If you. knew I wes coma to ha eff one of your debtors, for instance,' he went on ; thol'e my -rrand, if yoo want to know. Her face changed. 4 It will. g» better after a glass of wine,' said she, again proffering the wine hy a gesture — she didn't trust ber bond to pass the tray. Amos was a little undecided as to tbe proper formula to be used, never having taken wine from a'Jsdy before ; he felt that the usual salutations among 4 tbe boys,' such as 4 Here's bow !' or 4 Hippv days.J' or 4 Well, better lock next time ! ' savored of levity if not disrespect ; bo be grew a little red, end tbe best he conld do was to mnuible, 4 Here's my respects to yao, madam !' io a serious tone, with a bow. Bat old Margaret smiled. 4 It' a long while,' said she, 4 since I have taken wine with a — a gentleman oat <ide my own kin,' 4 Is that so?' Amos murmured, politely. 4 Well, it's the first time I have bad tint pleasure with a lady.' He was conscious that he ' was pleasing her, and that she was smiling about her, for ad the world (be said to himself) as if she were exchanging glances with some one. A new idea came to him, and he looked at her compassionately while be ate his cake, breaking off bits and eating it delicately, exac ly - as she at. She offered him no explanation for the wineglass or for the cinveraali'-n that he had overhead. He did net hear a sound of any other life in ih« bouse than their own. The doom were open,, and be could see into the bedroom on one side nnd iuto the kitchen on tbe other. She bad lighted another lamp, enabling faim to diatinguiih every object iu the kiichen. Tbrra was not a carpet in the bouse, and it seemed impossible that any oue could ba concealed so quickly without niakiog a sound. Atnos shook bis bead solemnly. 4 Poor lady I ' eaid be. But she she, now her mysterious fright had. pased, had rail ed ber spirits Of ber own motion she intro duced the subject of hit errand. You spoke of a debtor ; what's the man's name?' Amos gtve-her the troth of the tale, and with souie humour described the twiob. 4 Well,' I reckon he lias more than paid it,' sbe Slid at tbe end. What do you wnt 1 Were yon going to loan him the money V 4 Well, only the intprest money ; he's a good fellow, and be has nine children.' 4 Who have to bu paid f< r in advance ?' She actually tittered a feeble surprised little laugh, as she rosi up and stepped (on ber ties, in (he "prim manner once | taught young-g "utlewoman) across the room to ber desk. Sbe camebtck with 1a red -lined paper in her meagre, blne- vcined hand. She banded tbe paper to Ami. 4 Tbat i» a present to you.' Not tbe whole note ? ' . x I 4 Yea, si'. B.-cause y->u asked m-. You tell Foley that. Aud if ht'a got | a dog or a cat or a ho se, you tell hici ( to bs good to it ' This bad beoo a " year ago ; and Atnoa was sore that Foley's gratitude would take tbe form i of a clamor for revenge. Mrs Foley 1 da'ed their present prosperity eniuely I from that day ; ebe had superadded a personal attachment to an . impersonal gratitude ; sbe sold Miss Carir eggs, and little Mamie had the reversion of tbe usurer's shoe. Amor rigfaed. 4 Well, I can't blame 'em ''he muttered. From .that day bad dated his own closer acqaaintaoce. - He now occasionally -paid a visit at the old gentlewoman's hones. Once ebe asked him to tea. And Baker went about for days iu a broad grin at the image of Amos, who, indeed, made a very careful toilet with his new blue ' sack-coat, white duck trousers and ton- colored shoes. He told Biker tbat he bad a delightful supper. Mr. O'Sbea, the rbur- woman, was without at the kitchen stove, and little Mamie Foley brought iu the hot wsffira and jam. Esquire Clerk sho?d bis giftB by VBuIt- ing oyer tfae grape-M- W, trying to enter through the wire-screen, bent on joining the company, and' the Colonel wept audjbly outside, until Amiia begged for their admissUn. Sifety ou their re spective seats, their behavior, in general, was beyond criticism. Only once the Colonrl, feeling tbet the frying chicken 1 was uncouscioQibly long in s: taring bis ; way,gave « howl of irrepressible feeling 'and E quire Clark (no doubt from" sympathy) leaped after Mamie and the1 dish, ' 'Squire, Fin ashamed -of yon f cried Miss Clark ; 4 Archie, you. know bet tor l' —Archie' naid ho visible attentiuu to tbe change.if name : , but. she must have noticed ber owb slip, tor. sbe eaid;: ' I never told you "the Colonel's whole name, did H It's Crionel Archibald C ry. .I'd like yoo never to mention it, though. Aud 'Squire Clark is named after n uncle of: -mioe who raised ' me, for toy "parents .died ' what 1 was s liitie girl. 'Clark Byng waB bis dame, and J called -the est by. tbe first -part of it.' . 7- ' ' Amos did oOtitcbow Whbtber interest wohld be cineiderhd impertiheiitl>o he .contented himself with'; remarking that they -Were ' both pretty natnea.' - 'Hnde waaa good 'toapj hrid Miss; 'tllark'. ,;He'Waaon?yfive.;ft»t-fonr'n; j heigbt; .but- very fond Vf 'reniueeular; eunea.rend ' rireat hflairer of toll -men. 4 CMdridC ftywassix ftotws. ' I'rtoboh : thatiaaltout yonr beigfatl V , ; ' ' Eracdy, niuPuip, ' said iAmoe. ; . . z Sbe sighed slightly ; then toraed -the btovertoticwi tb Afooe'rewh-affaiiy. I -'- jfroml «uur qUreoMM besnd ed Sum noSrafortuaiton; PaceBhs,«ekril . ' ' - i. ferEj'-.auv4 A,: v.- , ' 4 it is a queer has-, ua'rit t Bnt Fm not employed to ton' Ae old lady' to cover, and I sha'p't let any one -elre if I can help it.' , : Had Amos been raiu,'be would . have remarked the change in'- his' singular friend eiuce their friendship had fargen. Old Margaret wore, toe decent falaok gown and bonnet beebmiag flu elderly gentlewoman. She carried a Bilk um brella. The neighbours began to address her as 'Miss Clark.' Amos, however, was not vain, :'uatf" 'all be told bie mother's picture was . that tbe <4d lady waa quality;;snd no mistake. By this time, .on diver occasion's, ebe had spoken to -AitroB of her Booth Carolina home. Once she told him (io a few word, and her voice was quiet-, -but her hands trembled) of the yellow- fever time on the lonely plantation in the pine woods, and how in one week ber untie, her brother aud hie wife, and her little niece had died, and Bhe with her own faande had helped to bory them. 4 It was no wonder I didu't Bee things all right after 'that,' - she said. Another time she showed him a locket containing tbe old-fashioned yellow photograph of a man in a soldier's uni form. He was cinsidered very band- \- some,' said she. AmoBfound it a hand- j soma face. He would have foond it en j under the . appeal of those piteous eyes I had it been1 as ugly u the Urionel'. 4 He was killed in the war,' she said ; 4 shot while he was on a visit to as to , see" my sister. He ran out of tfabonse, and the- Yao — your soldier shot faim. ' It was tbn fortune of war. I have no ' right to faiame them. But if be hadn't j visited our fatal rnnf be might be living ! now ; for it was in tbe very last year of ' tbn war. I fell down as if shot myself I — better if I had been.' j ' Welt, I cd!" that awful hard,' said I Amos ; I should tbink joo wnold have 1 g ne crazy 1 ' | 4 Oh no, air. n" ! ' ahe interrupted, eagerly. 4 My mind was perfectly clear i 1 But bow you must have suffered ! ' - " Yes, I s iHt-red,' said she. 4 1 never though to spe k uf it.' (To be concluded next week.) 