? JtiStotai .'.AUSTRALIA FOR AUSTRALIANS..*. THUESMY. JUNE 2. SOME FIML; CONSIDERATIONS ' |t. is,,at last beginning to be seen that the labored efforts of ;the Anti- Federal party have overshot their mark. They tried to prove too much and have failed. Had they been content to denounce the IBill in general terms without descending into particulars, the federalists would have;been at a much greater disadvant 1 j age. As it is the attack directed against , ! each separate feature of the Bill is met C ' ' V a Lurect reference to the Bill itself, .!'?!' whioh generally affords a sufficient refa i ] ' 1 tation. The wild assertions in regard to j j the conditions prevailing in other federa :i , tions, and to events in their history, are ij - ' met by references to the works of his ?,| ; torlans and political writers of known .,! - anil proved accuraoy. Unfortunately, U therefore, for the anti- federalists, their [ bogies have been severely encountered I ? and quietly ' laid ' one by one. ' The great bounty scare, scotched but ' , not killed, by Mr. Barton and Sir i George Turner, got its final blow from [(/*.- the Premie^ and was solemnly laid to ,pf rest by Mr. Pilcher. Neither of the two '' latter could be accused of favoring the \\[ ' Bill, Mr. Pilcher indeed being its pro If nounced enemy, But truth will come I ! ' ont, if yon only give it time. ] t - The great Senate scare has had a i ' longer reign. It was certainly a start ling thing to tell our voters that one [- Tasmanian wonld be endowed, under the ib, Bill, with eight times the power of a New J South Welshmen. Disparaging refer \- ences were made to the United States, jl1 and it was compared unfavorably with ? Canada and even Germany. It sounded ; odd, no doubt, to put the United States on . a . lower grade than the two latter } { countries, on the score of democratic jr 1 liberalism. Canada is a place where the ill ideas of the people can endure a property i | qualification for each of the Houses of the Legislature, and where a nominee \- , Senate holds office for life, The less At said about the democracy of the German r'J' Empire the better, jji - But let that pass. The 'proportionate |jor representation ' bogey is dispersed by a ; jj ? iew figures which may be verified by re \- } ference to any year-book or political '-!? almanac. Thus a similar calculation to ; j that of the anti-federalists will give the following interesting results, according to the anti-federalists, under the Bill : In Australia, 1 Tasmanian equals 8 N. S. W. men. On the same principle— In Canada, 1 British Columbian equals 5 Ontario men. In Switzerland, 1 Uri man equals 30 Berne men. \ In Germany, 1 Tippe man equals 42 Prussians. In the United States, 1 Wyoming 1 man equals 100 New York men. ? - These figures show the gross absur dity of the disparagement cast npon the ' ? Commonwealth Bill on account of equal representation in the Senate. The countries instanced as places where pro portional representation prevails afford v no mors support to thiB whimsical notion than the countries condemned for adopting tbe opposite system. On the other hand, the exaggerated biaf against the Bill which finds vent in describing the Senate as the more powerful House of the two has ceased even to have the charm of a paradox. The statement is now seen in its true light to be a mere fabrication. The House whioh is expressly forbidden either to originate or amend money Bills ; the House which can be called to aocount by {dissolution and joint Bitting if it rejects the other Chamber's mea sures (although its. own can be rejected again and again by that other without any remedy whatever) cannot any longer be described as the more powerful House ??to a man who has read the Bill. In the same way the various financial eeares are gradually losing their terrors in. the fuller light now thrown upon them, It is beginning to be seen that even the raising of half-a-million a year for Federal purposes could not expoBe Australia to the weight of a ruinous tariff unless our future rulers are de termined to ruin us. Certain metropolitan journals still as sure their readers that the cost of Fede ration to NeW South Wales will be not merely the 3s 6d per head required fox the new Federal departments, but the farther amount per head whioh will be imposed in consequence of her tariff being increased to a level with that of one of the other colonies. Bat one looks in vain for that candour which would supply the rider added by the Finance Commission to their estimate on this point: 'Whether this ulti mately turns out to be a real cost or not will depend on whether the sur plus is remitted back to the people of tbe colony in some form of reduced taxation in other directions or not, , which rests, as wo have said, with the peoplo-themselves, through their repre sentatives.' When it is remembered that this reference is to the people of 3?Tew South Wales, through their re presentatives in the New South Wales Parliament, where no equal, or other, representation of the other colonies can interfere, these words of the Commis sion are enough to dispel the vapours conjured op by tho enemies of Fedora tion. For the same power whioh now prevents any Ministry from imposing new taxes without remitting old ones, will be equally effectual to prevent any future Ministry from handling the ex tra money received baok from Federal Customs, withont at the same time relieving tho taxpayers from some of their other burdens. The river ghost has also been laid, because the Bill secures tho reasonable use of the waters for irrigation, and this is all we have now, or ever had. One law gives the reasonable use, and no statnte giving any citizen more than the reasonable use would ever receive or re tain the Royal assent. And the Com monwealth effectually .secures that use against any statute to be passed by the Federal Parliament. Thus, one by one, each of them and other questions called up by the provi sions of tne Bill, have come to be viewed in a rhore reasonable light. The Bill indeed iB shown to bear the marks of compromise at many points, and there fore cannot be a perfect Bill from any extreme standpoint. But it has not been shown to be an unjust Bill or an iiliberal Bill. It is, therefore, not unfit . to carry out the purpose for which it was designed, that of making the Austra lians one people, or at least of taking the first praotical Btgp in that direction. Who can say that in any one essential point we realise the unity of the Aus tralian people, as things are now ? Hardly a single phase in the contro versy has not disclosed the immense hold which mere petty jealousieB between the colonies now have upon large classes of our people. The jealousies over the rail way traffic, the exclusive pretentions to the use of the riyer waters, the contempt uous allusions to the men of the other colonies— as beggarly hangers-on who only court our friendship for what they can make ont of us, all these are sym ptoms of a complaint which will bear worse fruit the longer it is left unreme died. On the other hand, conceive what wonld be the thoughts of an intelligent German or Russian in command of a ship of war, at one of the newly opened pores just north of ub in Eastern Asia. Had he but our knowledge, without our prejudices, would he not remark on *' the chance these Australians have been al lowing to slip ?': Here we are, a bare three and a half millions on a island continent of three million square miles. If ever in the history of the world there was one people, identified, by every principle of common interest, we are that people. Our own destinies can be marred for ever by pulling in different directions now ; they can be exalted and strength ened by pulling together. When the United States came to gether, a century ago, they numbered little more than we do now. They occu pied among them a territory muoh smaller, all told, than this one colony of New.. South Wales. By little and little, then by leaps and bounds, they spread over an area little short of that of Aus tralia. They secured territory from France, from Spain, from Mexico. On all sides, and at all costs, the great free Union had to find elbow room. But we Australians— we are letting the Chinese elbow themselves into the Northern territory by thousands already ; now many are to follow who can calcu late 7 We are allowing conditions to develop all over the Continent which Union, and tJnion alone, can check, but which must be checked unless we are to earn the contempt of our children's children. Cold, calculating men of business despise such outlooks towards the future ; provincial politicians cannot see how praotical they are. No immediate profit is served by attending to these. And so even the youth of the country is seduced iBto a show of warmth against the present proposal for Federation, which is to be destroyed, forsooth, because of its faults. We make too much of faults when real and earnest work has to be done for the nation that is to be. It is this which will inspire the supporters of Federation to-morrow. It is this which will turn the scale with thousands who will let you abuse the Bill to your heart's content, but yet will give it their vote, seeing that it is the beBt and only meanB now available for rendering that service which Australia so loudly calls for. O'er all this land one flag shall float, One song second from every throat, That flag this banner of the free, That song the song of liberty. 