THE CULT OF HOCUS POCUS. \- in (World.) There are those who claim to discern, at this century end, the dawn of a new Age of Faith. Whether they are right or wrong need not be discussed at present. But there can at least be no doubt that society, in its eternal quest of diversion, has lately seen fit to in- augurate a new Age pt Credulity. A perverse and sensation-loving genera- tion, tired of the amusement or plucking out the heart of every mystery, has sought relief and variety in a reckless reaction of miscellaneous superstition. Not so long ago we found delight in explaining away all the ghost stories on grounds of pure reason, and charted in our joy when some wretched spirit medium was challenged to make good his pretensions and exhibit his supernatural powers amid the unpropitious surroundings of a metropolitan police court. To-day, grown weary of our pose of enlightened scepticism, we welcome professional dealers in "psychical" tomfoolery with open arms, and present the freedom of our drawing-rooms to every variety of mystical quack. Bond-street sibyls drive a trade of which Lilly or Nostradamus would not have been ashamed, and the whole tribe of astrologers, palmistry, crystal gazers, and diviners waxes fat and flourishes as if the clock of the world's progress had been put back a few centuries. But this is not all for the new craze for dabbling in old magic refuses to satisfy itself with the consultation of seers and stargazers. Their restored popularity is being accompanied by the resuscitation of all kinds of small superstitions to which, only a few years ago. nobody would have dared to make open profession of attachment. charms, amulets, and talismans are already having their share in this extraordinary revival, and find increasing favour among the faithful of the new cult, who will assure you with grave effrontery that they have proved their " luck " to be vitally influenced by these fetishes. Nor is this particular phase of absurdity _ confined entirely to the trinket-wearing sox, for there are not wanting men who cherish a collection of drilled coins with scrupulous care, and who would be seriously perturbed if their " lucky money " were missing on the eve of any important undertaking. Women, however, are undoubtedly the worst victims of this form of mental affliction, and the loss of some cabalistic bauble in which they have put their trust will suffice to fill them with the direst forebodings of impending calamity. With such, the mere discovery of an omission to putpa the special ring, or charm pr jewel in which these fateful properties are supposed to reside is enough to spoil the pleasure of the most enjoyable of social functions and there are those who are not ashamed to confess that they would as soon wear a boa constrictor round their necks as an ornament of opals. Ifc would not so much matter if there were nothing more in all this than in any other spasmodic outbreak of social sickness. The worst of this supersti- tion craze is its power of entailing acute discomfort upon its devotees and their friends. The most amiable of hostesses can hardly be expected, for instance, to team with resignation that one or other of her guests really daren't sit down to table you know," until the "lucky" trinket which she has forgotten is fetched by special messengers situation involving the heartbreaking alternative of a spoilt dinner or a spoilt party. With the vogue of the amulets and talismans, too, is returning that of the various omens and portents that claimed the homage of mediaeval credulity and it is an exasperating fact that the great majority of these " signs " are prophetic disaster. From the lists of such revivals the thirteen at table tradition may fairly be omitted, for it has to be owned that this, at least, has managed to maintain its influence unimpaired, even when its kindred bodies and legends have been at their lowest point of discredit. Even among those who resolutely withstand the new movement, and are as contemptuous as ever of all other forms of superstition, there are very many-probably a major- ity-who would incontinently draw the line if invited to dine with 12 other persons, or who would at least comply with severe inward qualms it can strained to do so by anxiety to save appearances. The " thirteen " super stibution, indeed, has somehow been successful in asserting its vitality, both in this and in other connections, to an extent that has in no way been, affected by the efforts of those who imagined that its life could be beaten out of it by the agency of a " Thirteen Club." In a less degree, the '" Friday " legend has shown something of the same tenacity ; but these have been exceptional survivals, araongeducated people, of the countless traditions of a similar nature and purport which were once. accepted, as the theologians say, " always, everywhere! and by all." If the retired i Map a at the, end . mci i, 'if even' some of them, are in him a fresh term of active service now and in the i m mediate future, it is to be feared that we are in j for all em of individual and collective I ffoeirnVfort, river rigours of which can lilu'dTy JftkW been realised in advance by the pioWAiiers of the new craze. The story of the victim of credulity who stepped from the pavement to the roadway to escape the ''ill luck " incurred ay Walking under a ladder, and was forthwith ran over by a cab, and a moral which may be usefully commended to those who are seeking amusement in the revival of similar precautions against untoward fate. 