THE AGE OF CHIVALRY. Cr. Forbes and the Ladies. Alas ! alack I The age of chivalry is gone, and sweet dalliance in my ladies' bower is a pleasure of the past! It is no longer possible — ' , . To tbink of tbe passion that shook our yoath Of its aimless love aud Mle ft&ins; ' Kor can we be sure of our— . . thankfulness for the ccrtain truth Tbat only tbe sweet remains.' Where are the roses of last year ? Where, the merry girls that twittered on the stairs? Where, we may ask. is that unbought grace of life, that renders woman so dear to us? 16 it to be found in the Prahran Woman's Franchise League ? Is it a fact that its members are entering the 'con. quering empire of light and reason,' | or are they staying at home darning socks? We confess we are in a quandary whether to salute tho new woman as a doubly-refined angel or welcome her as an equal ! Such a terrible indictment did Cr. Forbes harl against woman in tbe abstract, at the last Prabran Council meeting, tbat it has surely removed bim for ever from the pale of the good graces of Blue Stockings and League agita tors. What, says Hamlet, addressing no one in particular save the ghost of his fancy— ' O, most pernicious woman I O, viilain, villain, smiling damned vil lain I ' I And then to fair Ophelia— I ' Go to ; I'll no more of 't, it bath made Incidentally Hamlet consigned Ophelia to a nunnery, and mentioned one or two weaknesses, but it was left for Cr. Forbes to be categorical of woman's faults. Ladies were deficient in the rules and duties of courtesy. They never thanked men for resigning seats to tbem in the 'bus, for handing tbeir fares to the driver, for closing or opening railway I WUlBgO J %,u — yet, 6he desired to be placed upon I the same level as that filled by most noble man, and have' a voice at the oouncil table. Never ! never ! While the world was round, while the 6un shone, never, no never would woman headed by the Prahran Woman's Franchise League, invade the sacred obamber for municipal duty. Hamlet was ' scant and short of breath,' and so was Cr. Forbes wben he had done with woman's claims. He pic tured tho political woman on the hustings, he conjured her at tbe breakfast- table, he thought of her at midnight, returning flushed with the excitement of a fiscal debate, and in all these situations she was incomprehensible, unacceptable, as horrible as 666, end as utterly un loveable. 0, women ! women of the Prahran Franchise League, why have ye done this thing ? Why have ye tempted the wroth of Cr. Forbes till the fairest flower among you appears but as a eiren to lead us poor mortals to destruction upon the rocks of muni cipal representation ? 0, ye women of political spheres, ' whom age cannot wither, ndr oustom stale your infinite variety,' when will ye cease to make fools of yourselves, and render yourselves targets for the most gallant of men to fire off his good- natured raillery at ? Wby not remain in the sphere Providenco, ordained, and be, as in Words worth's couplet — ' A perfect woman nobly. planned To warn, to comfort and command.' 