In Sapphire Seas. CREMATED. A SOLOMON ISLAND STOUT. . By T. H. PnionABD. COI'TItlGHT. \- Sail Ho-o-o-o ! . That cry lias an -electric effect, hear it when or where you will. At sen, It turns .all bunds on deck to greet the fellow voy- ager on the waste of waters. On shore. It \- .sends every eye sweeping the oiling to catch the first glimpse of the expected friend or -unexpected stranger. But to thoroughly renllse Its full gal vanic power you must hear It ns a Euro- pcan solitary on one of those thousand lone Islands . that -dot tlie-.brond bosom: of .the South raelflc. ; . Throughout1 the whole nrchlpolalc sweep Its hearty British form has- been adopted, t People speaking no other .words of English make common -, use of - these, .and. your car- Best recognition of the familiar sound com bing from savage "throats Is one not likely to-be readily.- forgotten-. v First from somcTpenlc or plnnucle lt. will flont down to you In a soft. tone subdued by distance. - This- -sentinel -shot . will be smartly followed- by a dropping lire - of "Sail Ho-o-o-o 1" as when the. pickets are en- . -- gaged and falling ln: on .the supports.. -Then the guard will- turn: out, and a -skirmishing -fusillade will be - maintained until, 111; less time than It. has taken. to tell. 'the. whole v. "-.shouting strength of -the : neighborhood,, horse, . foot'.'.' aud-'artillcry, . head quarters stalT, commissariat and camp followeis, .men, women and children, "tag rag and bobtail, have turned out, and the musketry . ..fire - has- deepened Into .the- leather-lunged roar, of a general engagement. In this-, the : dogs, - If there: are any -about,: -join . right heartily, swelling the uproar till you begin : to - imagine- that the combined Heels of "Europe are. bearing down upon you. - yf-Thls - was", the.isort- of shout > that. startled ' Bob; Bedford" in" -the .-.-middle, of, -.- Ills', quiet . --smoke, and .-brought; him -to his -feet at- the . double quick as he' tumbled out of the old hammock; slung. from, the door, jauib. to the verandah post of Ills traders' hut at Maroo Bay, on the uortli-west end of Sun Cliiis lo yal. ' "Elf "Where ai\nj ?" v.: ---But- the Image - of -. God cu t: In , ebony .- to whom he put- the question as he stood on -tlie ,- cleared space.: In -front, of- thc.-house- simply . 'grinned from ear to ear, disclosing a set of < -teeth sound and even enough, but made yll-. lninous in.- appearance- byi-.tbe uso-.ot? betel- ::-nut..'IIe had onlysliouted In sympathy with o .the others, and his answer was assured. be- .i- foroliand. .. ... . j,-. -, : . "Don't know yet;,: White man's ship?" \- "Yes, I -suppose so. They wouldn't yell like that. for-. -.anything else.. -Get me the glasses, -and I'll seo-if I can pick, her up." \- 1 The glasses were brought, .and Bob. started ' off to a point commanding the whole stretch .- of the north- west 'horizon to catch sight of \- what after nil would, most likely prove , a mere passing sail. -:. Sun Ghrlstovul Is the southernmost of the \- large islands of the Solomon Group, .-.being about SO miles long: b.v 25 broad, u, Like all \- the "others. It has a high back .bone- inoun- . talu range, - very - Irregular In appearance. \- The people who inhabit lt-nrc for, the most part tall and. slender, black as -Erebus, In- . .'genious -workers -in- beads --and pearl sbcll, their weapons and 'utensils helng lieautlfully , Inlaid ,ultli the latlei, and the most blood thiisty and tionclieious sot of cmiiilbals to bo found throughout the South- Seas. .- It required .a. little nerve - and constant watchfulness - to - trade among tliem, but though lie never made a paradcof his arms, It was known that Boh had them always . . close at hand, and geuerally slept with one' \- . eye open. 'It was a -lazy and a- -lonely life lie led. Like the poet, the true Pneifle copra collector must- be born; not made; for if n man- lias not the necessary quality In IiIb blood be would go mail with the weirdness > - and- the uwful monotony of his - existence. . Borne men, wanting the quality, have - gone mad, and their stories form the- stock sub ject of many a gruesome tale told by the " Island traders. - . Bob Bedford was not of this kind, but In ured to sameness as lie wns, the prospect, of a possible call worked btui up to a high pitch of supprcM!cd excitement. -He knew the ap proaching sail must be n stranger, because tbc time was some mouths off for the period ic visit of the schooner which brought his trade and took away IiIr copra. \- "Some passing whaler, perhaps, " mutter ed Bob, ns lie swept the horizon with his glass, and at this time In the early, -seventies such callers frequently used to run In to Ma- klra Harbor on the western side of the Is land. " Often before, when the sense of solitude -.y among those savages became too oppressive, \- Bob bad stood on llio same bold bluff, glass In band, trying to pick up some stray sign of wlilte companionship under that red-hot canopy of tropic sky, but the result was nol comforting. There was the everlasting funeral froudnge of cocoauut trees, with their drooping hearse illumes behind him; the dead sameness of jungle stretch backed by the bold bulk of the jagged and serrated mountain range; the broad sweep of gleam ing sand upon which tlie wavelets of the bay fell with a monotonous plash, under the fierce blaze of tlie lorrid sun, the white fonm belt on the reef and the blue expanse of ocean beyond — but no sail. This day he was fated to be more fortu nate. "There she Is," he exclaimed, as ho , ; focussed n tiny cloud of canvas, to which- he thenceforward kept his eyes pretty steadily glued, "A squnre rigged ship under courses and topsails, so far ns I can make out." With a fnlr wind behind her tlie vessel I rose rapidly, nnd while keeping her under close observation, Bob, with tbe habit of I thinking aloud, commou to most men who, | for lnek of company, have to fall bnck on self , communing, kept dropping stray chunks of the information he wns ncquirlng, ns though for the benefit of an Invisible listener. "Big lump of a craft; too big for a trader. Seems bending up for the passage. Has a kmd of iiinii-o'-wnr look about her, but don't appear quite trim and taut enough." By tills time the vessel was well In, and Bob continued: — "Means coming to anchor here, I do be lieve. Hullo, auxiliary steam. What can ho lior little Iny? Foreigner seemingly, but I cun't make out thom colors. Looks like a full moon In a white field. And that's ft man of war pennant, sure enough. Tes, there she hauls on tbc wind to come In. She'll want a pilot to the ancbornge, so I'll whip out nnd bonrd her." Bob wns to be excused bis Ignorance of that flag, old shellback though he was. It was a new one In tlie South l'nclflc at thai date, and has not often been seen there since. In the China seas It has, however, become familiar enough, and it now bids fnlr to play a prominent part in modern naval history. Half nil hour later Bob was alongside the stranger, which with all sail shortened lmd hove to for him. Over the bulwark peeped at him n row of foreign looking, yellow faces, with high check bones and obliquely set eyes. A swarm of little men In man of war rig wore aloft handling- tlie- courses and ninlri topsail, nnd as lie had approached Bob had seen several officers- in naval uniform on the quarter deck. "What ship?"' hn lied Bob, as bis bowman cnugbt . on to the ladder thrown over, nnd the swnrlliy little officer at Its head au- swored In very fair English— ."His Imperial .Inpnncsc Majesty's cruiser Osaka," adding after a panse, "Can you pilot us to the anchorage V" On tlie quarter deck the pilot was pre sented to Captain Fukushlmn, a man of com manding presence in more senses than one, us lie stood five feet ten In height, wns broad shouldered. Ill proportion, and looked n veritable son of Annk iimong bis diminu tive crew. - As they moved up to where lie had decided to drop anchor. Bob learned from -the doctor, who lind first spoken, all there was -to toll. The ship, with a picked company of young officers, was on a gouival cruise. She had - run short of water, and having -.'badly sprung her innln top gulluut mast In a breeze a day or so before, tbe Cap tain had decided to run in, fill his tanks, get a. supply, of vegetables and fruit, and fit a new spar nt the same time. : It . was for this latter purpose that an hour nftor coining to anchor men were ordered I aloft to scud down. the crippled stick. Bob, ! who- had been passing the time in the cabin ; wltlrlhe captain and. the doctor over a glass j or. two of excellent riuri, was on the quarter j (leek about to' tribe; Ills leave. The standing | gear, had been cased off, and the men were: at the mast rope to lift the spar, .when by soiuc mlselinnee, ns their weight went Into the pull, one of'the heavy iron fids fell from j aloft, anil striking a young' midshipman ou | the head, stretched him ou the deck. There was a big commotion, nnd a rush to render assistance. The surgeon wns at' work In uu lustant, but even before lie spoke his report wnseerluln. The skull must linve cracked like an .egg shell under the terrific blow. 'Tlie little Jap never spoke or moved after lie fell. 'The, body wns reverently car ried below, mid when Boh pulled for 1 be shore ho left the ship's eouipriny oppressed by the solemn shadow of sudden denth. Before ten o'clock next morning Bob was again- on board, this, time in compliance to a", request, from tlie cnptuln conveyed by a note from the doctor. .. Tbe ship was surrounded 'by tbe graceful canoes of -the islanders, similar In shape to light gondolns, but the sentries allowed none of the natives to hoard. , -.111 the - captain's . eubln Bob was put through what . seemed to him a close ex amination ns lo tho locality, the people; their -number, ' manners and . customs. Tho reason for the .questioning was, however, made, clear .when - the - doctor;. after . a con- vorsatlon wltli- the '.captain;-, gave the .follow ing: explanation:— ' The voting midshipman who had: been killed was of good fuiiilly, nnd belonged to tlio Slntoo religion;- His death -is - foreign parts iiuiilo It iieeessnry-to cremate the body, that his ashes might bo taken home to rest In native soil. - - - ..-< The cnptnln had decided to carry out this custom, but wished to escape unnecessary observation, especially that of curious bar barians, who might .misconstrue It Into an approach to their own cannibal practices. "DId,Bob,' lie nBked,- "know of any- plnec where tlilB could be doue?" - . Boh thought for n iuoment. and then nu- swered, "Tes. You saw those two small Islands lying to the nor'rard as you came in?" . ."Yes.":-.'-.'- . . : "They are culled UgL and Bui, nnd have plenty of people on. thein; hut to the cast, nbont 10' miles from the north point of the Island, lie three uuluhnbltcd Islets called. "The Three Sisters.' . You can get to tho nearest, Mulnupiua, through a boat passage Into a lagoon, nnil there you stand Utile cbniicc of being disturbed." 'The doctor Interpreted. Then came tbe question, "Will you pilot us In?" "Yes." And the necessary arrangements were at once made. It was a strange procession that entered the lagoon ofiulauplnn that afternoon. The basin Is about a mile long- and half a mile wide, and lias a bur at Its inouth prac ticable only for small craft. First came a steam launch carrying the pilot and party of officers. Next, hi tow, cnine the first cutter, with a raised platform on the mid ship thwarts, covered with a blnck pall. On 1 Ills stood wlint looked like a box, 2 feet lilgli by about. 18 inches Bqunro. Tills was covered by the national ensign, aud had on It the cap and arms of tlie deuil officer. Two marines stood fore and uft with tliclr rifles at the "order." Stern and bow were loaded with wood and Inflammables. The next two bouts, also towing, carried sailors nnd ma rines, all iirnicd; and in tbe lust boat was the cnptnln, the doctor and several of tho principal officers. Swiftly tills strange funeral procession erased the Ingoon, in tbe sllll wntcrs of which every detail wns exactly mirrored. As the launch reached tlie further shore and cast off, the liearso boat was bnuled In; then men. anil officers landed, and a fatigue party with tools begnn to make smart preparations for the cremation. On a cleared spot, flanked by a great I frowning rock, surrounded at some distance by the dense jungle growth of tbe tropics, and sheltered by a few stray coconnut trees, the men quickly dug a circular trench, piling the earth In the centre. On top of this the wood wns stacked, more being added cut from tho undergrowth cloBe at hand, and the whole drenched with oil. The draped stand, with the ensign covered coffin box, wns then carried on shore, the wonder being how even n diminutive human body could have been compressed Into so small a space. The stand and mortuary casket were then profusely decorated with glided nnd parti colored bannerettes, nnd before It nnd on each flank were placed lower stands, en which were put lighted taper dishes, contain ing incense paper, which were lit from time to time, and small receptacles holding rice, salt and fruits. These arrangements made, the men fell In at the word of command, presented arms to the dead, while the bugler blew a call so v.-lld, so weird nnd so mournful in Its ca dence that as it wont echoing over that Island solitude, and scnrlng tlie great vam pire bats from their forest haunts. It seemed like a spirit cnll to a comrade lu the land of ghosts. Thrice It rose nnd echoed away Into wall ing sobs. Tliou the captain first, nnd after him' caeli officer according to Ills rank, ad vanced with liend uncovered, saluted the dead by twice clapping tlie hands smartly and in clining the head In a low ceremonious how; nftor which n-sprlg of foliage was chosen, bound with Incense pnper, nnd reverently laid on the low table in front of the dead. , . . This over, tlie enskot was denuded, of. its coverings, proving, to be a strong. deal box, anil wns'pluceil on tlie top of the pyre. More wood wns heaped over it, more oil poured on aud the pile was then fired. A Solomon Island savage might well have stood spellbound, could he have suddenly gazed on tliat scene. It was certainly one possessing a w;clrd fascination, nnd the wes tering sim sending gleniris of arrowy light through the tall slender stems of the palm trees, the clearing oil the shore of the quiet ingoon, overlaid by the shadow of the great rock: the dark setting of tho surrounding jungle growth, among which the white henilcd vampires were flitting with heavy, but noiseless sweep, like soul phantoms from n realm of shadows; tlie group of dwnr- flsli yellow men In the centre standing round the blazing pile, and tlie snaky tongues of flame as they darted through the smoke cloud giving to their foreign faces a still more eerie expression. Fortunately, perhaps, there wns lio Solomon envngo there to wit ness the spectacle. naif an hour Inter the launch, with three of the boats in tow, wns well on Its way back to tho vessel. Ten men had been left to tend tho fire, nnd collect the calcined hones, their boat being hauled how on to tlie sand. Bob Bedford silt in tlio launch," and as tho night came swiftly down, his eye wan dered uneasily from tlie black smoke cloud over Mulnuplmi to a thin spiral rising from Alita, tlie northernmost of tho three Islets, showing that though linlnhublted It must re cently have been visited. In answer to a remark of his nbont the small, size of the coffin box, the doctor had just explained how, according to custom, the knees of tlie body iinil been drawn up to the eliln, the arms tightly bound to the sides, and tlie whole swathed In bandages to keep It In position, when through the gathering gloom canig. . \y hat... sou nil eil like the sharp crack,ucrai-k of- rifle shots. Bob' jniiffjei: tor. Ills feethud, listened with grave, rief-face. ''".(.'X A ijioiuont.iniire and there \Vas no mistake about. -it. la&iga;&s;/clcacljr'. the report of rii'enrtijs, riuii 'from 'the spot fiioy hud just left\;"-," , '-<iW "TlietSViirifernl", wretches/; swore- Bob. "That smoke". m'oniitujiJstfhief after all; I was afraid of ItT- SSiuo - liond hunting, party, must have Inndcil on Alltn, anil seeing the smoke, linve conic down nnd uttneked the firemen unawares. - Cast off the . boats. -Down helm. Bring her round," ' we must get back there as. fastras her engines will uinke her travel." . It was- all the work of a minute, and' In five more the launch, crowded with armed incu, wns on thc .back track at' full speed ahoud. . . -Occasionally -the crack of. the rifles cnino more anil more distinctly. : - - Tlio. white break on tlio bar told Boh whore, to take the launch. .Into .the. lagoon.- It seemed -jin eternity, .hut. was In. fact only a few- minutea, before, .her nose touched the sand on the other side.. With a yell the cnptnln was' over -Into the water. Boll beside liiin, and the men holding up the rifles swarming after. At full speed they charged into the clear ing- a minute after tho savages lind made their rush In overwhelming numbers, from the scrub shelter on the other side, at the diminished slioro party. Tho Japs, had been surprised, and three men had fallen at tho first flight of those long murderous spenrs, barbed with the flying fox bones. The rifles of the survivors had kept the enemy at bay till the whistle of the return ing launch told the rascals that it must he now or never. Then there wns n yell nnil. a rush, nnd-the little Japs., .with their hacks to the fire, were fighting like demons against terrible odds, when the captain's party broke on tho scene. The bosun had just gone down with a sponr driven right through him, but before the rescuers could fire a shot an nwfnl and a gruesome combatant suddenly struck- liito tlie fray. The fire, innde up largely of tho green tim ber gathered close at hand, had burned slowly, but the box hail been nearly charred through, and the bandages on the body re duced to Under. The extreme heat hail sot up a strong muscular tension In the corpse, and at the supremo moment It overcame nil resistance, hurst tlio box, sending tlie glowing embers out in n fiery shower; while from its midst, ns though propelled by a catapult, leapt right Into the group of fighting men the hiss ing body of the half cremated Jap. With a shriek of horror, friends and foes fell back. Tbe captain's party, too far off to see what lind caused the consternation, poured a withering volley into the flying savages. Several fell dend on the spot, and the next moment the dense scrub had swal lowed up the terror stricken remainder. l'ursult wns Impossible, and tlie cnptuln gave his attention to his own wounded. The remainder Is soon told. The lioily wns replaced, and duly cremated. The hones were gathered up, nnd taken on bonrd. The Osaka steamed nwny on her cruise, but from that date the superstitious savages have shunned ns haunted by regions of de vils the lone Islet where the dead Jap, so strangely struck In to the rescue of his fight ing friends. 