TERRIBLE BURNING ACCIDENT. A SYDNEY MAN FALLS ON A HOT STEAM PIPE IN A BATH. HIS FLESH ADHERED TO THE PIPE LIKE A STEAK TO A PRYINGPAN. AN AWFUL SIGHT. While in a bath in Pitt-street, a Mr. Jarvis had the misfortune to slip and fall on the hot water pipes, and before he could be rescued he was scalded and burnt in a terrible way. The chock of the burning and the fall proved' to be very disastrous for Mr. JarviB, and for a number of years after he was a confirmed invalid, suffer^ inc terrlblv from locomotor ataxia and other forms of paralysis. A few months ago, how ever, reports began to be circulated in the neigh borhood that Mr. Jarvis was getting round again, and that he had had a most marvellous recovery from this apparently incurable malady. It was on account of these rumors that a special re porter from the Sydney 'Worker' was despatched tc get all information regarding same, and one afternoon he made his way to his house, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Mr. Thojj. Jarvis was dis covered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared 'him one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still a few marks of a critical illness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid no more. In reply to the preliminary questions he said: — 'You want to know all about my case? Weil, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' 'How long were you suffering?' 'Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident; I was badly scalded whila taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. . Since the ' accident I have been in falling health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' 'What were the symptoms?' 'Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me.' I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well- known doctor, acd he told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' 'Did you make use of the order?' 'No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and mor phia pills, to ease the agony J was in, I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the con clusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ata xia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a ^'ga'* of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances of gait, and difficulty In co-ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs.' (Just then the patient kicked bis legs about with energy, to show that medical opin ion is not infallible.) 'Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped' at an. idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case ol another Boilermaker ia England, which ' I read in the 'Australian Work man,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. it was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. You Gee those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' 'He is 100 ner cent, better.' said Mrs. Jarvis. who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. 'The Dr. Williams* Pink Pills for Pale People nave saved his life, and. made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he flid a fortnight previous. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis,. 'have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back into my legs. I ascribe all the change and benefit to Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills. They- have saved' my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. - On the mantelpiece there is a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need tljem. Everybody, who knows me has been amazed; at rthe change in me. They can hardly believe tlieir eyes. My being about again has caused quite a »ensa.tjoa i out fiere.' . ? ? i Such Is this remarkable history, audit confirma what is said in. all the chief, newspapers iaf thia country of the astonishing cures wrought by.J»r. Williams - j»ihk rPllls for Pale People. - -They ? cure locomotor ataxy,- partial paralysis, and spinal ; disease;, also .the many disorders -which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such he anae mia, pale and eallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite^ shortness 1 of breath, pains In the back, nervous i ieapSbe, ? etc. : ?????-'?'?-?-- ?: ? ? . ? v: . . ? '-?'? '^.;.fe1 ' = Mr.?J. Si T. MKJowen, leader of the Labor ..party to ttefAWJ Legisla«ve; Jissemiay,^raa^%ea by - our reporter in coimeclildn: with the a-einjarfeLb'le case of ; Thomas .Jarvis:' - Mr. ^M*iaj^wfi^^fays be has known Jaryis from infancy! J; J3e.S|so understood that he had to give up -his -work at Glebe Island abattoirs', twelve months aeo owing to a malady; which lie developed. He- after wards heard that Jarvis was bed -ridden, iuia that there was little chance of nis reot-yery.| Mr. M'Gpweir sras, therefore, like everyone elsej who knew the facts, astounded at the -»mpletel recovery..-i»ra»rvis.--.- .. ? ;.--' '-- :_-'-'*% These wonderful frills are obtainable from leading ] chemists, or . f rpm 'itie ' Dr; . Williams' Medicine ; Co., Queen's Pjaefe ', ^ydney; /wa0 will *°??rard (post paid) on^Coelpi: of stamps or 'post 'order,, one box for-2s Sd, or Salf-dozen for X5s 3d. See that 'the genuine 3puv Williams' are gotten.-^-©. Dr. fltaMch, Specialist Ear, Nose, Throat, Jfflpi lepty or Falling FitB. 84 BliaabrtlwrtwBti .pan 