The Dairy ^OnSD.—The monthly meeting of Hie Dairy Boaid was held in Adeiaide'on Tuesday, September <5. "The Chairman''reported that he had ■ seen the Minister of -Agiioulture,and obtained a promise that the quest on of building improved cool cats for the carriage of butter would again be con eidered. They would have to put with /the ^present cars this season, but he 'hoped something would be done before the next season. The Minister had also promised, as soon as the new machinery at the Produce Depot was finished, that he would let the Board : know at what price : the department could supply ice for the cool para. The Chaiiman 6tated that he lmd re ; oceived a reply from the Kail way s Com- J missioned ..to the effect that he was not { \- aware of any regulation requiring a : week's notice to7 be given by those | wanting trucks for the carriage of pigs. The Secretaiy reported that no I reply had been 'received f«om the Minister to the request of the board that the expenses of the country mem bers attending the board should be paid by the department. The Secretary reported ; that 17 factory managers bad-intimated their intention to take part, in the proposed ex amination in cheese and butter making, and that 12 factories would send butter for testing by the dairy in- ■ Stractor. Mr.Tuckwellthouglifc it would bo well when any new cool cars were built if the attention of the de partment .were called to the necessity for building them so that they could be transferredfrom the narrow to the ; broad - guage without removing : the butter from the'^sar./; He jitrf: 5 know whether this was practicable, but it was'of tlie.'^^test importance to the industry thatit should be '. done if possible. Membei s agreed that if possible -;thni-.cara;jBbpuld;<Jbp; built to permit of ibis; being done. Members of the BohrdC eulogised the work be- , ing done by Mr. , Thomson, the .dairy j expert,. and the' Board were so de sirous of.retaining theservicesof Mr. j Thomson permanently that they] . * carried a resolution strongly urging ' the ©overninentito increase his salary, which was considered too small. The Klonbyke Goebfielbs.— Oalifornian newspapers received by Il.M.S.Mariposayn Saturday week give .details of goldmining at Klondyke. They state that between sixty. and •. seventy wen have arrived at Dyeii and ; Skagwayi the amount i>i ; gold brought j 150,000 ] SOO^OOO dollars. The: steamer Man-j nases, wticb arrired at. St. Michael's,'j . jUaska, also brought about the same amount of gold. Both vessels carried large body of passengers, only a .... ^ion- of whom were sue-. rs, the others being men .found; almost the wbple ; intr|f£|a§^d*ouC were returning to j llizatidn. Uundreds. . of - other; miners are said to be in St. Micbaci's seeking passages -back; to the United , StatdSj whiie drowds have turned back thence directly they have heard the condition of affairs at Dawson. ; How . ever, over 1000 men lately started np. ~ c thej riwsrs for the: .^djfjeld& When " f/ the steamer Baiallon left SkagwUy-the city was being threatened with fire, as au itpmense quantity of -dynamite was stored in various stores, .and as over twenty houses in the city had caught alight the people . were panic-stricken and were fighting the flames in an ineffectual way-"Dysentery is said to be very prevalent at Dawson, caused hy bad sanitary arrangements; Scores ; of miners are" stricken down daily. . Over fifty died within thirty days, and \- the hospitals are full to overflowing. \- The Goveestmeitt Datry Exfert. —The following letter concerning the .j Government Dairy Expert appeared in V Tuesday's Advertiser:—Lately I have ■:J, ,obseryed. articles ;jupon cheap cheese ; coloring,, the matter having arisen out of a'statement made by Mr. Thomson as to the.dauger, J)f inferior coloring. I wish to point out to the public that we have in Mr. Thomson a gentle man possessing the very highest scientific qualifications. Before, ob taining his degrees lie underwent the. "jJ; severity * of long : and trying exami nations conducted by eminent scientific and practical exaroiuers. In Scotland Mr. Thomson qualified with distinc tion, in botany, chemistry, and bacteri ology, and in the purely practical dairy examinations held in 1897, and open to the United Kingdom, was the ■winner ot the coveted gold medal. •• Together with theBe qualifications the young expert is a silver medalist in England, and was a prizeman in agri cultural science in two Scottish Uni versities, and also held a leading plaee j \- during his term of veterinary study. | These abstracts I have taken from a' Scottish paper in tny possession. Mr "Thomson has already proved himself to bs a thorough practical man. What > sort of opposition is that which can be exhibited by any person without an hour's instruction against, one with such combined qualifications? Bad exhibitions of ignorance haye been j " made at various meetings of dairy people proving the deplorable con dition of the industry as to- technical education. The W.C.T.U. Contention.—The jtenth annual convention in connection -with the Woman's Christian Tem perance Union was opened in GawJer on Wednesdayi There aie delegates present from Mount Gambier and JJatracoorte. The President (Mrs. Lyall) gave her annual address at the . ooening of the proceedings, which tpcke f-ocouragingly of the woikof : the Union. The Colonial Secretary's report showed that there were 944 members and 133 hon. members. Over 1,000 meetings had been held during the year. Pledges to the number of 358 had been recorded, and many others Iiad been received by individual members. The Treasurer's report showed: — General, Pund, receipts £383 0s 5d; expenditure, £389 8s lid ; present liabilities, £90 3s ; head-quarters account—receipts £1,460 9s 2d, expenditure £1,460 2s 6d, liabilities £94 10s, owing to account £58 8s 6d. The donations to the General Puud totalled £125 10s 4i and to the Head-quarters Fund £90 Os 6d. Various other report were read and recei y cd. . IlJTEECOLONIAXi . . LaBOTJK. . CoN eeeence.—rAn. intercolonial: -Labour Conference was held in Adelaide last week- Delegates were present from Melbourne, Ballarat, Broken Hill, Moonta -and Adelaide. Letters 'were received from Sydney, Brisbane, Perth, Tasmania aud Ifew Zealand, express-, ing regret for inability to send dele gates on -account of the expense.; After a good deal of quiet discussion: thefollowing resolutions were'carried: —" That this Conference considers it advisable- to affirm the principle of taxation du the unimproved laud values for both national and local pur-' poses- that in the opinion of this Con ference public, education, from the elementary schools to the ' Hniversity -should be .'entirely .free, books and other requisites included; that tlie Conference recommends the intro duction 'of an amended: Employers'-^ Liability Act; and that this Con-* ference affirms the desirability of the establishment of.ageneralweeklykaifr, holiday.1' The Conference continued" its sittings on Saturday when indus trial federation was the chief ..subject, discussed. A committee, which "had beau appointed to consider t»e matter, "recommended that as the Conference: was not representatiye a special Con ference, -at which all the colonies should he represented by three, dele-;, gates, should be lield to adopt a'seheme. The Committee's report was adopted. The question of old-age. pensions was further considered, -and the Coiiference affirmed the necessity for instituting a system of old-age pensions: without delay. The Conference sat again on Monday, and arrived at decisions upon |r:'<pumpe|> ■ pf^n»Mters of interest to 'winders:'Conference expressed a desire for,.the eight-hours system to be recognised by Act of Parliament, and condemned the contract system in connection, with all Government and municipal worts. . The Benmgo GkosT.—Gliosts are popularly supposed to be supernatural apparitions," but one that lias been troubling the residents of Bendigo for some time seems to be something more than a spectre. He has been prom enading the outskirts of Bendigo, much to the terror of the women folk, but .the ofEorts-to capture the perpetrator of the scare have been unsuccessful. One evening the contents of a shotgun were discharged at the yokist, appar ently without doing any damage, and a couple of evenings later a plucky Vdung woman threw a stone at hiiiv, and the " ghost" retaliated by brutally striking her in the face with his list. Aboiit 2 o'clock on a morning last week a tramway employC saw a figure in white staring at him from behind a fence. The employ^ was armed with a revolver, but was too frightened to use it. ' The death is announced in England of Lady Grey, "wife of SirXSeorge Grey, the veteran statesman of Hew Zealand, and daughter of Sir Richard Spencer, formerly "Government Resident of Albany, Western Australia. The; couple had ah. only child (a son), who was buried in the Wesb-terraae cemetery, Ade laide. ■ 