HOW TO LOSE £250,000. 'AST EARL'S REVELATIONS. My first, fluty in interviewing the Earl of Rosslyn (writes a representative of the "Golden Penny") was to. ask his lordship's I pardon for being very impertinent. There was no help for it; in the interests "good copy" certain inquisitive questions I had to he asked, and Lord. Eosslyn very good-humoredly answered them. He has lately taken* to journalism himself, and so it is possible that he ' sympathised with me in my difficult task; I know that he was kind enough to give me fully and freely all the information for which I asked. I began by suggesting that the public would 'be interested in knowing something of the methods- by which vast sums of money can be made to vanish very quickly. . "It's rather, a painful subject," said Lord Eosslyn'slowly, but with a merry twinkle that seemed to 'belie his'words. "'You want to make me out a second Jubilee Juggins, and I don't admit that I am that. Well, the thing was very simple. Koughly speaking, I suppose the whole amount, in cluding borrowing facilities, would be about a quarter of a"-million," "And—er—the time?" "About five years-^-yes, about that. Where did'it go to? Mostly to the ring, I think. It isn't at all 'a difficult matter, you know,- to get rid of money in that way. You see, I made it a rule to back every horse that I' ran. The ring knew that, and therefore they knew that they were bound to win in the long run, but they never would have done so had I not backed other people's" horses. '. Because they knew this they would often lay me a far better price about my own horses than they would to anyone else. I remem ber one occasion, though, on which my friends all thought I had "put them in the cart.' I had a horse in a £1,000 race, and the winner whs to be sold for £200. Well, I didn't think iny horse had the ghost of a <chance, and I made np my mind that I'd let him run loose, and he content with the stake only if I Avon. When I went into the ring they all wanted to bet witli ihe as usual, and when they found that I wasn't hacking my own horse they quickly; came to the conclusion that he wasn't worth, anything. His price gra dually got longer and longer, until just as the horses went to. the.(post a well-known bookie shouted, 'A thousand to eighty.' I nodded. . Another immediately offered the same odds. I nodded' again. Then another, .and I took him. Well, my horse sailed in about five lengths hi front of the rest, and,of course, I won'£3,000. They all thought I had 'worked! that, but _ of course I hadn't. It was a pure fluke." "But about, the losses?" . "Ah; I had plenty of them. I think my worst week was wliehl dropped about £1S,000 in the week. That was rough. You see, I didn't happen to. have £18,000 handy just then, and the money had to be found by settling day—the following Mon day—I made it a rule never to keep the ring waiting. Off I went to my old friend -— (naming a well-known money-lender), and he very kindly pipped it out at GO per cent, for three months._ That's the way to make money go!- You see, it has a habit of renewing itsejf at the end of the three months, and then you pay another 60 per cent.—60 per cent, on 60 per cent, isn't bad, is it?" "And which was your lordship's biggest | nun?' 'I won £15,000 m one race over my horse Buccaneer. The last time old Bue- 1 eaneer ran in my name he was backed by | me to win about fifty; or sixty thousand pounds. : He came in fourth, but the race was such a 'close -thing -that at the next stride past the winning,post he was—not third—but second. A lot.of people wanted me to put up another .jockey in place of my own regular jockey, hut I wouldn't. They suggested that my own jockey would fin'd it- to his interest to "pull" my horse. I wouldn't listen to them. .. I believed my jockey had always acted honorably to me, and I trusted him. After the race it was found that mv horie—Buccaneer—was blind in one eye, the result of a blow. That looked bad, but it was afterwards proved that one of the horses in front of I him lost a shoe in the. race, and I .believe it was this shoe that. had struck my horse." ' Then we changed the conversation, and j the mention of a certain American inter view set Lord. Rosslyn -talking again. . "I know what you refer to, and I may tell you that the article was not genuine—1 it was, in fact, libellous., The writer made out that I was earning my living by danc ing in a ballet, skirt. Of. course -that isn't true. He was mixing me up with Lord Yarmouth, who, I believe, did -dance in a ballet skirt, but that was in Australia, not in England. The only truthful part about that article was the part they had copied j from the 'Pall Mall,' hut which they had j the impertinence to sign with my name." "That little story about going into the city to get a clerkship. Was that true?" "Yes, said Lord Rosslyn laughingly. "That's true enough. I had to do some thing, and I thought I would try a clerk ship, so I went to a place in the eity. I had. no idea -before that-, it was so difficult) to be a clerk. ■ They asked me if I'd had any experience, and I said. 'Ho.' Then they : asked me if I could use d typewriter, and j I- said 'Yes.' "How many;words a minute?' i was the next question. I didn't know how ! many words a minute I was' expected to j do, so I said 'Ten.' I find now that I j ought to have said, 'A hundred or more.', i Finally I was told to come again in the morning and (bring my references. But I didn't bring them, because I hadn't any." I "May 1 know what wcfe your sensations when you found for the first time that there Was hofmore money?" ■' "Well, my5. sensations weren't particu larly pleasant. I d come up to town, and I'd got just tliree-halfpen'ee left. I was very hungry, and I was looking in at the shop window of a confectioner in Mount street. While I was standing there an old friend of mine, Captain Seymour Fortes cue, came up and took me off to a cham pagne lunch at the Oafe Royal. I don't think I ever enjoyed'a lunch more." "I presume that you were not long in discovering who had been real friends, and who were hangers-on?"' . "You are right." My-real friends have been very kind to ine indeed, and have helped me a great deal. The hangers-on have ceased to hang on—that's all." "Wasn't it possible to' distinguish be tween the two before?" "You mean when I had money? Cer tainly it was, .but then these men who live by hanging on are often excellent fellows in every other way—splendid, company and good sportsmen." "Now, with regard to your work as an actor, Lord Rosslyn, how did you manage to get on the stage?" "I went to Wyndham first, and lie strongly, advised .me not to attempt it. Then I went;* to Alexander, and he said precisely what Wyndham had said, but promised to write to Piiiero on my behalf. He did so, with the result that I Was en gaged for 'Trelawnyof the "Wells?*" "You had a good deal of experience as an amateur, 1 think ?" "Yes; 1 have ahvays been very fond of the stage. ine company of 'Trel'awny' were very kind, and helped me in every possible way. So did Mr. Pinero. He told me that he had been a failure as an actor, but I can't understand why he should have been.: By the way, the first scene in "l're laiwny' was a facsimile of'his lodgings in Cue early sixties when he was a struggling actor." "And what is your opinion of actors as a class?" :"Well, I'm afraid they're rather vain, as a rule. .Don't yoii think so? Good heartsd, always ready to help each other —but a little vain." "Your paper is — ?" "Booming. Quite so. Be sure you put that in. It's called "Scottish Life," and it's a penny weekly. I've done a lot of work for it, and I know that the popular idea is that I just loaf round with a cigar ette and look on. Nothing of the kind. I have done interviews. Then I do some so ciety gossip every week, and I've canvassed for advertisements, and got kicked out for my trouble. In fact, I have worked every branch of the paper. It was rather hard work coming here to the office in the day, and then playing in the theatre at night. I often used to go straight from the office to the theatre. During the run ' of the piece—150 nights—I was only away four times. I should mention that'I am as sisted on the paper by' Lord Montmorres, who is an _ Irish peer, but who doesn't mind working on a Scottish paper ■ pub lished in England. We have great faith in our little paper." "To come back to the time-when jour nalism wasn't necessary, hadn't you a.little experience with Messrs. Monson & Co.?" Lord Rossiyn smiled grimly at the men tion of the transaction. "Yes," he said, "I had business dealings with -Monson and Victor Honor. I bought a scent shop in Islington from Victor Honor. Why? Oh, don't ask me that now. I kno-w the price was £600, and the valuer I engaged after the transaction was complete told me that the whole pbee was not worth more than ' £10. The shop contained a number of 'sma'll scentbottles —empty—labelled 'Victor Honor Freres.' I may mention that I saw Monson at the Ardlamont trial, and that when I saw him again in London.I didn't recognise him, he had altered so much. It was Monson, by the'.way, who "was very anxious that I should, do a little forgery—but I drew the line at that.". Lord Rosslyn . laughed , heartily at the suggestion of such a thing; indeed, during the whole, of the interview he talked of his, own troubles as though they were a huge joke which he had carefully arranged for his own amusement. ,, 