THE CARTARET AFFAIR. A NOVEL. or ST.. GEORGE RATHBORNE. ' " CHAPTER XXIII.— (Continued.) 4 Ma'rB'o Lutber belieb so — he had de watch dey found on de body.' 1 Very true ; but another maniac might have borrowed or Btolen the watch. Such things are often done among crazy people.' ' I dunno much about 'em.' ' Oh I I thought you once told me you know a ; good deal about them ?' Uncle Jethro lapses into silence ; he realises that he has stepped into a hole, and that if he flounders about will only let him down deeper. His only way to escape is to remain quiet until someone elso throws him a support by means of which he can pull himself out. ' Now, see here, Uncle, you know something .that sooner or later others must learn.' No answer. ' I admire your fidelity to old Luther Carteret; but your duty to the living must take precedence over that of the dead.' Uncle Jethro groans. I presume there is a great struggle in his poor mibd. He believes he is doing the right thing by continuing faithful to the trust reposed in him by the dead master. Somehow I honor the honest old fellow for it, and even hate to force him into speaking ; but, living issues must al ways take precedence over dead ones with me. ' Uncle, do you believe Rachel Babette perished in that asylum fire ?' I persist. 1 Dey done say so.' ' But, do you honestly believe it ?' 4 Marse Luther tole me so.' I turn upon an other tack. 'Uncle, I told you of a crazy woman I had seen in the graveyard.' How he squirms. He knows what 1 believe, and fears that in some way I mean to dig his secret out of him. 'I have a strong idea that woman is Rachel Babette come back again.' 4 What did Marse Tom say about it V 4 He went to Europe soon after the fire, and has iust latelv returned — he believes she died in the fire ; but I know better.' Uncle shrugs his shoulders. ' Dar, you hab it, Marse John.' 'No; you have something to tell me, Uncle, and I beseech you, in the name of your old master, to speak now, and save trouble.' 4 1 don't know nulfin' at all. Marse Luther, he could toll yo', but he am gone.' Talk about a mule. An ignorant darkie can give the animal points in obstinacy. 4 Old man, by keeping silent, you will bring ruin and disgrace upon those you love. What do you care for that crazy creature? She cannot be harmed.' 4 1 promised de old marse,' he begins, and then stops short. 4 No matter what you promised him, you are freed from that now. He is dead. Suspicion points to Bomeone as his murderer. To save fVifir nnsoAn nna inn Intra mnaf. na annftfina ' Uncle Jethro gasps; he doos not even yet comprehend the full meaning of my words. 4 Do you know what will happen, my man ? To me, and in the presence of that detective, your young master, Tom Cartaret, has confessed that he is the guilty party ; that it is his hand that is red with his father's blood 1' Jethro almost fell off the block. He tries to speak, but seems tongue-tied, so I proceed to rub tho thing in — there is nothing like peper and salt to make a wound sting. - , 4 Hark you, old man, of course you know, as well as I do, that Tom is innooent; but his 'quarrel with his father, and the acknowledge .ment of his guilt, will certainly send him to the gallows.' No, no !' he mutters, brokenly. 4 It is the truth. ' You know he is innocent, aud you would see him die beforo your very eyes rather than break your promise with his dead father?4 4 Marse John, I couldn't do it. I done tell anything so that Marse Tom not suffer. He hab nullio' to do wif it.' 4 Who, thon ?' 4 S'poBB I say it was old Uncle Jethro ?' 4 I'd laugh in your face, old mnn. You haven't -the power that sent that knife home. I am de termined to know all. Uncle, look me in the face. Who has been locked in the attic rooms of the house until lately ?' Xllo JipS IflO 6 f J vUrii BcG Li 16111 lu IQ6 LUOOU light, but no answer comes. 4 It was that Babotte woman. She was not burned in that great fire. Your master captured her ; after Tom had gone to Europe. He deter mined to keep her iu his own house under lock and key. Answer me, as you Value your soul's salvation, Unole, is not this so ?' My words impress him. He feels as though placed in the witness box, one hand resting on the Bible, and his oath given to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth. I have con quered his stubborn spirit at last. 4 Mars, ,yo' know it am true. Dem are de faoks;' he says, slowly. ' 4 Rachel is alive ?' ,4T belieb so.4 Tho chances are, this crazy woman in the graveyard is she ?' 4 It look like it, sartin.' 4 When did she escape from her confinement ?' ' 4 Last night ; she was dare de day before, kase I toted her meals up to her, all but supper, an' .Chloe'took dat.' '.Then Chloo probably forgot to fasten the doqi' at the Load of the Btairs, and the crazy woman escaped. Uncle, you did not tell me all you saw or heard when you were out last night. If yon would' save Master Tom's life, tell the what occurred during that time. You were near the'library window, yon siy ?' 4 Yes, sail ; do one around de corner, what' de moon full on it. I heered a kind o' scream, an' uuturally look dat way, jo'st in time to see a Woman's fnoe — den it war gone.' . 4 A woman, Uncle ? Think well ; whom did you ut tho lime believe it- to be ?' - . 4 Marse John, it cuts me to de heart to say it, but I !dqne belieb it war. Marse Tom's young wife!' ' CHAPTER XXIV.. a our : over the wall. The poor fellow speaks this in a desperate sort of way, us though he has been goaded to declaring it, which is literally the truth, I must acknow ledge. 1 weigh bis words. They moan a great deal, end I desire to lake them in all their bear ings to each other and tho whole case in goueral. It is evident that Undo Jethro believes his old master has been murdered, and that the person guilty of his death is either Tom's young wifo or the crazed creature who has been the bane of Luther Carteret's life for so many years. His words indioato that the chances are in favor of its proving to bo Madge. This, thou, is the awful thought that has been preying upon the mind of tho durkie ever since enrly dawu, when old .Chloe came running out to the stable, wildly orying : ' Wake up I Undo Jethro, woke up I De ole inarso him done gnno dead in his library! Wake up I4 . Jotliro knows it is murder, despite his talk of possiblo '-susauside ;' he knows that the person who did the ; terrible de'od was a woman, and tliiu Its be recognised "Madge," although not sure, stuce ho had but a glimpBo of the face. During the day, therefore, he has been ' lying low,' as he would have expressed it; and endeavoring to avoid being questioned. He is a devoted servant and owes a certain allegiance to the crazy woman, for she wns the enre of his master, who had often made him promise to look after her should ho, Luther Cartaret, die before silo did. Then, in the other case, although Jethro haB only known Madge a short time, sho is the person to win tho love and reverence of such a devoted servant. Besides that, she is the wile of Tom, his young master, and Jethro stands reudy to coin his heart's blood into money, if need be, for the sake of 1 Morao Tom.' When he hears what I have to say, an awful alternative is placed before him ; he must confess the truth, or see Tom punished for a crime which he did not commit. Under these distressing circumstances he blurts out the truth, and I find my little game sucoessful in that I have learned all he knows. 1 Jethro, if you wero put .in . the.wituess-box and made to swear, with your hand on -the Bible, would you be able to declare.thnt it was Tom's wife you saw ?' I ask. 4 I would not, Marse John ; I only think it were she, but I don't swear to it.'- 4 The moonlight is deceptive.4 4 Dot am a fack.' -v . 4 Women look much alike, especially when seen under such circumstances, and there ia something similar in the cast of features between 'Tom's wife and poor, crazy Rachel.4 r : ' Marse John, I noticed dat'4; 4 It "is just possible, then, that you may havo mistaken one for the other. This could ; not happon in broad daylight, or if the circumstances were different ; but I really believe, as it was, such a thing could easily be.4 4 An4 so do I. De only ting I kin swar to was dat it war one ob de two.4 Hore 1 rest my cose. I have caused Jethro to tell all I ever wanted, and I believe I, now have a. good fighting chance to win the game, in spite of being heavily handicapped. Poor old Uncle has proved to be no match for the lawyer, and yet 1 confess it was about the toughest ranlar I ever had to draw. Succbbs would never haye.ooine to me, only that I gained tho leverage of his fears with regard to 4 Marse Tom,' and in this manner reached the desired end. I doubt if Uncle knows anything more of value to me. A few little points need burnish ing, and I ask bim further questions. As his reserve has been wholly broken down, ho does not hesitate to answer mo frankly. Eleven o'clock has come and gone ; time is now stretch ing on toward tlie solemn hour of midnight, when something may happen .if my plans do not miscarry. Uncle Jethro is tired ; I tell h:m to go to bed and not think of these things, leaving them for ntlwnm In uifnat.ln tiMt.Vi ivhn rtfo fililn t.rt comprehend such intricate problems. I assure him that it. will come out all right' but say nothing about Madge's habit of sleep-walking, as I believe the old darkie has about as much on his mind as he can carry. I hope he will go lo bed aud sleep soundly ; we have no need of his services,- and he would only be in the way if he prowled around. - So I see him back to his room, borrow a match with which to light my cigar, and then saunter away. Perhaps I havo some-news now that may ' interest Tom. He will take fresh courage when he hears that, after all, Rachel was not ona of the victims of th.e asylum fire, but for two years has 'been confined in ": his father's house ; that she escaped on the' night of the murder, and is now concealed in tho grave yard. When Tom hears these startling facts he must lalte new nope ; nis tears win vautsu uao mo tog before a breezo. I feel better myself, decidedly so ; and I puff my cigar with a sense of exhilaration, as though lamon the point of winning a victory. Indeed, 1 even feel sorry for Mr. Smithers, just.as a lucky greenhorn might declare he was sorry but could not help all the good cards coming to his side. He will take it all good-naturedly, I presume, for he has given tun to understand as much ; at any rate, he declared that, although his. professional dignity might be hurt, he.hoped I should win the game. >4: What if she doe9 not come? : . My faith i8 not at all sbu'tereJ, and I believe we shall find means to prove the ;caso, anyway. Once I put Smiilisrs on it, I aui sure his keen professional- soent will ' bring about victory. Even your best dog often has to bo led to the trail, and given to understand who it is he is bent on tracking. The mild Havana I am smoking is very sooth ing to the nerves. How gloriously tho moon, shines 1 This is a night for lovers— such as is long renminbi red. It is a night' for any honest- deed ; only crime shrinks abashed from this flood of glory. A gentle breeze stirs, the brunches of the tress ; tb.i leaves rustle above and under foot, for they nre falling fast. It is just such weather "as this that makes the blood tingle, and gives nea life in place ot the old. Have patience I, Everything comas to those who wait, and in good time I shall, no doubt, be following my setter, Prince Hal, through the brush of the old farms where I love to shoot so well. .- Once in my walk I cotap noar the house. All is quiet in that quarter ; a light or two nmy bo: dimly seen, but hot a sound' is heard; Death' broods over that great mansion ; he has come like a thief in tho night, and set his seal upon the old master's face. Before another, night rolls round there will; bo changes hero ; 'the master must be laid in his last restiug.plaoo, beside the wife he loved, and the coroner's jury w ill have met to hear the'ovideuce and decide how Luther Cartaret came to his death,.. Yes; and it is to' be sincerely hoped that long before that event takes placo the truth will havo become 'manifest: and the load of guilt placed where 'it belongs, I- have faith in it. , My case has become so strong how that I do' not believe it oan be battered down. I have, worked while Smithers lav on bis oars, simply because he believed he had everything' his own way. It is the old story of tho race betwoon the tortoise and the lmro again ; the tortoise won because the hare, botng so far abend, lay down ' to take a nap, and overslept himself. : Where cm Tom be? Has he gone to the house? Well, I expect to be moving in that; direction myself as soon as I hive finished my weed. I take out my watch, and pulling my ; cigar rapidly, cause enough light to enable me to see. the dial. . : It is' 11 80 ! Another half-hour ,,.to 'elapse; before we need sat our trap'. In all .my "life'.-I havo never known time to pass so slowly ;' it seems to fairly drag along, and I- liave oertainlv lived a year since reaching Olifton on the 7.30 express. . . .' As I saunter about I allow my thoughts' to. cover a good deal of ground, for the oiroum- stances of the ease are such that there can be - much latitude in one's foraging. I' even arrange, in' my mind the position eaol ons will tiike while on the watch for the second advent of the mysterious assassin, so that the ground can be covered to the best advantage. Three of us should be able to do it thoroughly, aud nothing esoape us. If Madge issued from her room, her course oonld be watched,' Still, pondering over these things, I enter upon the avenue where Tom and myself had walked when conversing. The little rustic seat is. reached' and passed, aud my thoughts go back to the late interview with my friend. Torn must be found and told the latest news ; I know it will malte him feel good. I am just dobating in my tuihd whether I had better go to the house or look for him further in the grounds, when a sound comes to my ears that causes me to stand as motionless as a statue, and listen. What is it ? Theory — for snob I determined it to bo — comes from tho direction df the cemetery." 1 remember the uncanny creature whom I have seen there, and believe at oneo it must be 'from her this weird shriek emanates. Suddenly thore Hashes through my mind .the " retjolleotion of Tom ; when last I saw him ll? W heading iu the direction of the wall, and perhaps passed through into the graveyard. What if that mad thing has met him there? Tom told me she always hst >d him, and it might be- that this feeling has been carried over the dark sea which she crossed when 'her mind gave way to chaos. If they have met among the tombs, she would no donbt spring'at him like n tiger, and I have reason to fear the strength of even a weak woman when crazed. At once I tako the alarm ; perhaps I ought to go in search df thy friend, who may be in a position of extreme peril. I start along the avobue, throwing away my cigar. There is a strong chance that, in an encounter with the mad woman, I shall not come out any better than Tom ; bnt Thave'!io time to"bother with such questions now — duty culls me. Hardly have I gone half tho distance along tlio avenue of stately elms than I see a moving figure in the patch of moonlight beyond. 1 coine to a hult, waiting to see whether it is Tom or the woman ; another patch of light is reached, and the form that moves along tho avenue eomes into view. I draw a sigh of relief; it is Torn ! From the way he moves along ,.I ..feel confident that something; has; happened; v- , ; CHAPTER XXV. 4 it is time.4 Tom advances hurriedly, and, as it happens, while-passing across tha broad arrow of moon light that pierces the avenue of elms, he turns his/head, looking -.anxiously over; his shoulder.. :That one act/convinces, me that my friend ha's, had:' some connection ; with the woirjl crjrthat came floating to my ears from over the wall. He draws closer." When about to pass me by, I call out : , ; 4 Ah, there, Tom !' . \- 1 John, is thatybn ?' .. IIg ib panting; heavily, as though having re-, cently passed through some Bevere exertion. ;dT6m, what is the matter ?,4 I ask. ; With that ho walks up to me and lays his Hand impressively on my shoulder, saying, 4 John, if I hadn't . such positive evidence that Rachel Babette is dead, I should be ready to be-.; lieve I had met lifer iu -the;cemetery yondor,— that your suspicions were true.' 4 And, on ray part, Tom, since seeing you, I have learned that such a thing is the case4 I re turn, impressively. ,f A 4 Theu,. Rachel- — _ r l is: alive I. : That is .she in the -graveyard;4 'But it. seems improbable. For two years she must have , been 'roaming-about the country.4 Not so.. On the,; contrary, for two years she has been' an inmate of your fatlidr's house, locked in the attic rooms, which wero made into a prison lor ner, ana irom wmen sue omy escapeu last night.! . - . . . Tom Hears, this with surprise. 4 How have you learnbd these, facts, John -j 4 By questioning the one person who could tell them,4 I make, reply. ' , And that was 4 4 Uncle Jethro.4 When he hears this, Tom gives a low whistle. . .. 4 1 told yon he .was as close as . a . clam ; ,by:, what means did you open his lips ?4 4 By using those great levers — love and fear.4 4 Explain, John.' 4 1 knew his love for you, Tom, and felt that I could make use of this in order to force from hiin'the-Becret he held. I told hiai that circum stances pointed to .you as ;the guilty party, and that, in all probability, your life would pay the penalty unless he spoke out.4 1 And that fal'eh'ed him'?4;,eagerly. . < - 4 Yes ; he said he was 'ready- and1 willing to keep the wishes of his dead master, as far as he could, but, that, when it came to seeing you suffer, wheu you were innocent, he could keep silent no longer. I questioned him and found out all about Rachel ha vipg'beep kept a'prison'er- iu the attic— a fact I- ha've dimlvr suspected for some little time — and al9o what Uncle saw last night when out in the gronnds here — things he did not inform me of when we had our last talk.4 - . ; . r 4 What were tliese facts ?4 v . ' . Tom is still very nervous, and it can hardly be wondered at. He has passed through the tor tures of the fiery furnace within the last twenty hours, and has undergone a strain that would have killed sdma'meni" ''He saw d face in the library window— I' cannot explain exactly — per haps the heavy, raaroon-oolored curtains shut the light away ; at any. rate, the moonlight fell upon her face.4 ' 4 It was a woman?', he gasp3, his hand tight ening on my arm.' '-. ; - " A '-. 4 Yes.' 1 Was it — Madge ?' 4 Jeihi'o cannot swear to it ; lu thought so at the time, but now he is not sure. Ho even be lieves it may just as readily have been Rachel, since the two have siimothing of the same look — that is, understand me, Tom, both have dark eyes, although, when I saw ltnohel, her hair was flying, and she seemed like a fiend.1 „ " 4; S.he'is a fiend," mu tiers iToth," "rae'chahioally, placing' a hand to his head. This reminds me. ' You met her hore?' I ask. .. , , ,! 4 Yes, aud she nearly murderediiiio.' ' ; ; 4 Tell me about it, Tom.1 4 Let us sit down here, then ; 1 feel tired.1 Nothing loth,- 1 accompnny him. .to a seat, and tvoioccupy it'together..-..;.; 'j; 1 1 Have wo.timo ?4 ask3 Tom. " 4 Yes, nearly lmlf-an-hour yet ; don't worry about that, 'old f"llo'\i''.4 ' ' 4 When T left yon, John, I thought to lake a stroll and sniokp a weed, for the sako of passing time away.- Yon-can imagine my feelings and thoughts— :I 'shujl not 'speak of, them. Uncon sciously, I walked in the direction of the door in the wall, and passed through it into the eemetery. Still wandering on along the well-known path,'I finally reach the Mecca of many a walk— my mother's gravo. I had visited it since my re turn, but my spiritB to-night seetned to be in strange harmony "with tho.ecanp.. Si tting thero,' I thought of (the; times lohg gone by,. : I remem ber little or nothing of my loptlier, personally, its I was very 3mall at the lime she passed to a better world ; but father has told me so much of her, and her picture has always been in this ,locket" o_n' my watch-qhiin, ( that, it ..seems as though; P. knew .and.Llbved h'or.i.'Tiuie.' passed, heedlessly by m. ' I could not gqy how long I sat by tha side of tlW fgrdve,; but, "siaeeiybti tell- me it is past the haff-hou r, T' must have "been there quite a while. A sound arousod me. I was sitting in the shadow, and the moonlight fell upon the. two stonos. that marked.. the. plot of ground.;:. Looking. up, I wa3. astonished to see sotne human being moving stealthily, - and, as I sat there, from among the bushes cams- the woman you have described, her i; hair'" tangled andy 'half-covering ; "dier haggard, .face, the .whole expression being' that of a manioc. Holding my breath, I watched this weird creature, wondering if I were about, to receive smne olna; that would, benefit Madge — snob on idea flashed into my mind, strange as' it may seem. She fluttered over the ground m a peculiar, way, and I could, bear a crooning sound proceeding -froih linr lips — no other word would describe- tho. nojse exactly. 'Presently she was bending down over the slab that has the name Rachel Babette on it; the sight of the inarblo soemed to excite her. Picking up a stone, she began to knitter the slab viciously, all the "while exclaiming - 44 It is a lie— a base' lio 1 Fire and water cannot destroy her. She is immortal ! , But- he, the arch-devil — hn-nnist die, lie who put; this lie lioi-e 1" And so sho wont on raving and /pounding. Perhaps it would ,-havo been wiser -loir me to have remained where '!' was, and ltihoiild have done so had 8he confined her mutilation entirely to tho marble slab; but when I,saw her turn her attention to the granite monument ; that /marked, rapthor.'s grav.ej- indig-' nation got the hotter of caution. T sprang out, and, seizing her arm, hurled the stono into the bushes. She turned and looked at mo ; and never shall I forgot her face. If over there were ; a fiend in this world that woman is one. 44 What ' would you here ? Begone I" I cried, Will that she- crouched like a tiger about to spring. I:' never knew what fear was in my lite before, but the strangest shudder passed through my frame just then — it was like a chill. 44 Keep off,' you she-devil 1" I had hardly said this; before she was at me, clawing and tearing. I believe that if I had let her close with me Bhe wou'd havo torn my eyes from my head. Never have I fought with a woman before, nnd I pray Heaven I never may again. It seemed con temptible for me to bo striking at her, bul' I ; really believe she would have murdered me. ' I could hardly keep her hands away from tny lace, and I began to believe there wiij no .way out of the mess but to stretch this insane creature at- my feet. As luck would have it, in knocking 'aside her' reaching rtrtns' I' happened to strike" " her a smart blow on the head. It, was thon she gave that fiendish shriek you may have hoard. Seeing my chance, -I. turned and-haBtily leffthe" ' spot, taking ndvantagi ol hsr confusion, but I did not know whether she would follow me or not, and kept looking behind aa I hurried along the path.4 , 4 You don't think you injured htr?4 'No, no; i,ho blow was. not ..hard enough for that. It surprised and startled her, that is all. .;' Tom's story does/not. amaze lie; -.-it, is just what I might havo expected whan the crazed Rachel met young Cartaret. As for myself, I had no hankering after an encounter with ihe mad creatiiro alone in the cemetery. Tom might consider himself fortunate to have come out of it without damage, and I do not hesitate to tell him so. - What he has - related - gives tno: even more positive proof that' I am on tho right trail, and I feel that, unless something occurs io prevent' the ghost from walking we shall' soon be treated to the closing act in . the drama. 4 Shall we go in ?' asks Tom. . ' ; ' : 4 Wait a' few minutes more.; Repeat her words as near as you. 'can. . I want to impress them on my mind. 4 - .;;:..4 You mean what'she said. to herself while she was pounding on tlie slab ?' ' Yes.' to he. continued. 