CENTRAL MURCHISON V, GERALDTON. A great deal of interest was centred on this match, as it was felt tbat it would give a good idea aa to tho probablu victors in the big watch. The game was played on the Cuo ground on Saturday last and rosulted in a close win for Central Murchisou by two wickets. For the wiu tho victors had to tliauk Arthur Reed for his capital innings of 75, with hardly the ghost of a chance givou to the losers to get ridof him. His hits were all effective and were all tha time along the grouud, Not until tho matoh was wou did he hit at all wildly, and thou he fell ft victim to the first ball alter the winning hit was made. Geraldton made 140, not a very large score as it seemed, but yet large enough to look afar off when three of the victors' best men wont to the right-about for ton l-uus. Of the Geraldton total Jenner made 02, giving several chances which wore not accepted and hitting many ball* up but out of reach. Hughes, who was skipper of the visitors, made 85 by pretty cricket until ho waB bowled oil his pads. Mardon was very troublesome to the visitors, and he bowled well as the bowl, ling analysis will show. Though Central Murehison lost tliroo wiokots for 10, and four for 27, the fifth wicket did not fall until 70 had been made. It wan the Ross aud Reed partnership which did this. Ross did a good deal of hitting until lio was smartly caught in the lorg field by Barker off Hughes. When Fold became associated with Reed the runs began to pile on, and tbe supporters ti tho looal team began to pluck up their ope of seeing the Geraldton Mora topped. When Ford was bowled by Back after scoring 15 the total was 124. Mounsey followed aud kept up his sticks while Uecd knocked up the necessary runs to Eecure a win. The following were the scores:— GEHAIDTOK, Jennsr, b Ross ... ... ,,, 52 Ward, b Mardon n Carter, c Ford, h Hardou 2 Hart, b Mardon a Morris, b Ford Hughes, pld. on, b Mardon ... Lyons, c Mackay, b Mardoii Inglis, b Mardon ... Back, b Anderson ... ,„ Taylor, st, Mackay, b Mardon B.iiker, not out Sundries „ , 140 Jjowlmg analysis: Mardon, 2fi overs, 5 mdns., 5S l-uus, 1 no ball, 7 wickets Ford, 11 overs, 2 mdns., 29 runs, I wicket; Ross, 8 overs, 1 mdn., 35 runs, 1 wicket; Anderson, 5 overs, 2 mdns., 8 runs, 1 wicket. Central MOEOHISON. Ross, (C.) c Barker, b Hughes Philpott (C.) c aud b Barker Seccombe (C.) b Barker Mardon (C.) b Ward Anderson (D.D.) b Barker ... Reed (O.) c Morris, b Back... Suttor (D.D.) l.b.w. b Ward (D.D.'l b Back ...' ... (D.D.) not out Sundries ..'. Eight for Rowling analysis.—Ward, 9 overs. 1 aiden, 20 rune, 2 wickets; Barker 18 vers, 4 maidens, 64 runs, 8 wiokets ack, 10 overs, 22 runs, 2 wickete; Ing. a, 2 overs, 0 runs, 1 no 'ball j Hughes, 8 vers, 1 maiden, 10 ruils, 1 wicket; ; Tay. or, 2 overs, 7 runs. . Central Muroliieon won ty 3 tviokcts. 