¡A SINGULAR OCCURRENCE. (WHITTEN FOB THE " BXAMISEB." Someone has said that it ia possible fot everybody to write one Btory worth reading:. I do not suppose that proves if only one be written it will be worth reading. Notwith- standing, I shall write just one and then retire, bat I am certain my reader will agTee with me that there ie truth in the common expression " Strange things happen. MY STOBY. Last fall wo Florence people were just a little livelier than usual, that is, we had at least six Donation or Quilting partieB, instead of the two or three of former years. Our brother Frank being absent, Kell and I should have been obliged to forego these dissipations had it not been that Mother's couBin, Warren Graves, received an appoint- ment in the new bank, and fell into the good-natured habit of eeoorting ns every- where. Long before the end of winter he was looked upon BB my particular admirer ; but I knew he would never be anything nearer after the quilt failed to envelop ns at Mrs. Craft's party. Nell is always disgusted with me for noticing " signs," and the fact that I never will begin anything on Friday fills her with supreme contempt. She tells me solemnly that Bhe suspects me of believing in ghosts even. I don't think I am quite BO foolish-of course, only very ignorant people believe in such things-still the thought that there might be. one in that great closet, which openB from my room, often sends a shiver right down my book. Oar maid told me that an aunt of the family who lived here before we came to Florence fell dead, from heart disease, in there just as Bhe was reaching np to a shelf for her night-cap. If I had heard that before we took the housa I should never have ohosen this room, and only the fear of Nell's ridionle prevented me asking her to exchange with me. It was dose to thanksgiving time before Warren said anything in a love-like manner. Bnt one evening, after ooming from Meeting, in wishing me good night, at the gats he told me he had an important question to ask me, but he must obtain Mother's permission first,- and before releasing my hand he lifted it and kissed it tenderly. I-was not surprised; nor was I particularly, rejoiced, for the trnth was,' though I did not object to Warren as an escort, I did not wish onr relations to be altered. He always seemed too quiet and grave, and I had a feeling that he was old, whereas he had only just turned 30. I had plenty time to' deoide the question whether I should accept or reject him next day, for mother and Nell went to visit Aunt Carrie, and I waB left home alone. Notwithstanding, I had arrived at no deoision when they returned,' For five minutes it seemed that I could not entertain the idea," and after, when I remembered what a good man he was, and how everyone liked him, I felt that I should be foolish to rejeathim. . ; Nell was in high spirits, and regretted that I had not accompanied them, for Cousin Amy was home for Thanksgiving, with her husband and his. brother. Nell was charmed with them ; they were the nicest people she had met for au age. Mother had promised Aunt Carrie that we Bhould spend Thanksgiving - day with them, and wo were to convey a message to Warren assuring him of a welcome aleo. ? i In the morning a note came from Warren, expressing annoyance at the fact of his , being sent to Leeds on business eonneoted with the bank, whioh would keep him absent three days. " I suppose he thought we should be wondering what had become of him if he had not informed us," said Mother. On the morning of the day of his return ehe sent Aunt Carrie's message to him, and offered him a seat in our carriage the next morning, Thanksgiving day. He replied in person at the exact hour mother had mentioned as the one ohosen for us to leave, and greeted us alike in his quiet grave way. Not one word more to me than to Nell ; in trnth, I believe he took more notice of her than of me, for Bhe had been suffering all night with toothache, and although it was easy now, his searching glance noted the pallor of her cheeks, and he immediately asked with oold concern, " Are yon not well, Nellie 7 " And, he was still sympathising, with her when we reached Annt Carrie's. What an enjoyable day that was I It was quite a family party, given ia honour of our new connexions, Amy's bnsband, Charlie Martin, and his brother Don, a recent graduate of West Point. They were acquisitions to any family oircle, and it was not long before we all felt thoroughly acquainted with one another. A heavy snow storm came on in the afternoon, and Aunt Carrie insisted upon our all remaining until the next day. She had a houseful), for Undo Will and Aunt Alice, with their families, were there. Twelve of ns in all, beside the Mortons 1 Four of us girls elept in one room, and after retiring for the night, we gathered around the fire and talked of the gaieties of the past season, and anticipated fresh ones till Nell remarked with a yawn, " It's striking twelve girls-get to bed." " I'm not sleepy," remonstrated Cousin May. " Mab, do you want to know what your future husband's initials will be ? " " Of course I do," I replied promptly, - "Well, Amy said this ÍB the night the charm is said to work. Write down a letter of the alphabet on each of these twenty-six pieces of paper, lay them face down in the wash basin, fnll of water mind, and in the morning your fntnre husband's initials will be turned up." II Rubbish 1 " said Nell, scornfully. " If you believe that yon are worse than Slab for superstition." " I'm going to try if it works," said May, cutting out another little pile of papers industriously. " She took possession of one basin, and I the other, af ter wbioh we went to bed, and I heard nothing more till a merry voice aroused me, with tho remark, " Oh it's a fraud ! " Not a paper turned. I must see if yours-oh, Mab, really there are three up, J.T.M. Come and see." In a moment I was beside her, and sure enough J.T.M. were the only letters disturbed. But, whose initials could they be ? " Yon have yet to meet the unknown," said May, solemnly. Amy was the only one to be told, and Bhe had to promise not to speak about it again. " J.T.M. " she repeated slowly ; John Thurston Morton's initials, Mab I Don's, initials. " I thought his name' waa Donald," I said, with a feeling of bewilderment. " No, he was named John Thurston after his mother's brother, but he, the brother I mean, turned out badly, and they were glad to discard the name, as well as the brother. The baby sister furnished the new one, whioh was merely her way of pronouncing John ; but they all adopted it, and I have never hoard anyone call him anything elee." To make a long Btory «hort, before Warry asked me to marry him I had clearly defined the position ho held in my regard. I esteemed him, and that woo all. I knew we should both be miserable after it was too late, shonld we marry merely because we esteemed each other. I was very unhappy too when I remembered that I had in a manner encouraged his attentions. Ho aooepted bis refusal with his usual dignity, and I have never seen him slnoe, for he applied for and obtained an immedi- ate removal, and it happened that I was ont walking with Cousin May when he oalled to say good-bye. Who can blame me for having faith in that initial charm when I tell them that, three months later, Don Morton proposed to me, was gladly accepted, and at this moment is my husband, and as firm a believer in Fate's workings as myself ; although, up to the time of hiB being told the whole story, he was as sceptical on saoh matters as Nell, which made it tho more of triumph to me to convert him. An extract from Nell's diary : Friday, November 4th.-At home again from Aunt Carrie's. A distinguishable drive, Tooth oohing all the way, It started at 1 o'clock last nigS^mcñjept^tT awake until 4, when I got np to try the effect of a cold compress-wretched thing, it ached twice as bard after. May and Mab had emptied the j uga for their ridiculous charms, and in wetting the flannel in Mab's basin one of the papers stuck to it. Picking it off, I threw it back in, but the T was turned up instead of down, and just for mischief I turned up the two other letters I .""1 noticed engraved on the gold pencil case Don Alorcou had lan*, mn *o muk a paragraph worth reading in the " Atlantic Monthly. Little goose, to think that she never imagined somebody had turned them ! I kept the joke to myself, and only meant to Bhare it with Amy, but she had already told Charlie. Mab'a version he had betrayed ta Don-of oourse, he thought Amy was the one who had turned np the initials. I explained to him how I had turned up the first that had ocourred to me, and was surprised at the earnest manner in whioh he entreated me not to admit that I had interfered. " Promise me you will not Miss Nellie," he said persuasively, and I promised, so I suppose I shall have to keep it to myself now. A pity too, for I think it is to good a joke to be lost." ALISON GBEY. 