HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thursday, December 15. In the evening there was a large atten dance both of ladies and gentlemen in tiie galleries, which were but thinly patronised during the day. After a conference had taken ^flace between the two Houses on the Land Bill, the publication of com plaints was resumed by Mr. Wood. He was followed iby his colleague -Mr. Glynn, who spoke of the increasing public debt, while Mr. Cock referred to the disabillitiesi of certain railway servants. Then Mr. OlMalley had a fling. He wants more money spent on education, together with free school books, lie also asks for Go vernment prospecting near Rapid Bay and on Kangaroo Island, togetner with the sinking of trial shafts to a depth of 1,500 it. He objected to the Sunday sale of stagger juice, and asked why drunberies should have an advantage over ordi nary storekeepers in this matter, especially as men are apt to spend money on swelling their heads and paint ing their noses instead of paying their debts with it. Likewise he asked for Go vernment help to 'fishermen who brave ihe storms and tempests on the Murray River,' while he suggested that country lost-oftices should be farmed out to persons who would run them for the fees obtained, lie warned th? Government that if they don t put a turntable at Wolseley he wiil vote against them on the next no confi denca motion. Finally he asked for a free hospital and shelter sheds on the beach at Ports Elliot and Victor. At 8.42 p.m. ihe House went into committee on the Estimates, and i'h?re was a merry rush, the following lines being passed between that time and 9 p.m.; — Assembly, £3,275; Li brary, £848; caterer, £8S0; Legislature generally. £13,9(30; private secretary, £240; Chief Secretary's office, £1,605 ; audit, £4,605; actuary, £883; sheriff, £1,303; registrar-general, £2,758; print ing-ofiice, £22,183; police, £76,131; gaols and prisons, £13,629 ; medical officers, £2,280; hospitals, £22,700. There was a check at lunatic asylums, £21,388, and 3-Ir. Coneybeer inveighed against the low pay of warders who sometimes worr^ for 84- hours at a stretch for 4s. a day. Mr. IMcG'iliivray, as a protest, moved to strike £100 off the salary of Dr. Cleland, because much of 'his work is done 'by lower paid men. He sta.ted that the Government ought to give move consideration to the warders, as Mr. Kingston's office in 1883 prepared and charged for a petition to be presented to the then Chief Secretary on the subject. The Premier thought this was a disgraceful suggestion, as he liad had nothing to do either with the petition or any account rendered for it, while, even if he' had, that would not bind 'the present Government action. Mr. Wood objected to punish an officer because of the faults of the Ministry, while Mr. Coneybeer con iiden't'ly asserted thai Dr. Clekuid is not overpaid, though his subordinates get loo little. 'Messrs. Batche'lor and Grainger advised the withdrawal of the amendment, ibut Mr. McGillivrav was obdurate.' and at 9.30 p.m. the division came. 'me amendment \vas beaten by 35 votes to 7, the 'minority being Messrs. Archibald, Biitchelor, Coneybeer, Hourigan, Price, Roberts, and McGiJliyray. Mr. Coney beer orated earnestly in favor of the con cession of better wages and better food for the warders, while he also asked that they should receive every alternate night off. Other members spuke sympatheti cally, and at 10.6 p.m. the line passed. Concerning 'Destit-.te poor, £34,241,' there was half an hour's talk, but all the other lines under the head of Chief Secre tary were agreed to ' without comment. Then the committee reverted to the -Legislature, so that the salaries of retum ing- ofneers might be! discussed, and the Treasurer ultimately promised that imme diately after the prorogation he will con sider the advisability of .raising the pay of ?return ing-officers in the larger districts. Cheers greeted this statement. Between 10.48 p.m. and 10.54 w.in. all the itemv. in thfe Attorney- General's Department, the total Wing £29,253, wemt through: Th^i came the Treasuirer's office, and m edde'n tally Mr. Holder praised Mr. Searcy; the Deputy Commiesioper of .Taxes, am .promised to raise Jris .salary- next year i the finances permit.' (Wh«n 'Customs'' w.as. called on, Mr. i\jehfbaT4 r urged -tinai; tire; Government Should buy or ? build .' .a. properMauncb to land mails and passen gers. ''The present launch service is yery. good,''re'inarJced .-Mr, Oqpley, and .he was' advised to' go- out in lumpy weather and try 4he Effect of the ocean on one of *he small boats now in use. 'You should haye found out all - about that when you were, a ' submarine farmer,' said Mr. Arcbibaiu. and the com-: mitbee laughed merrily. The: Trea surer promised £hat by the time the 'pre sent contract is expired a ? Government owned- launch equal to the work ' will be available. The Treasurer's Department { £73,039 in all) was disposed of by 11.10 p.m., and then progress was reported. Tiie Government had hoped to get all the estimates through before midnight, but they were disappointed. The Legislative Council intimated by message that it had agreed to Assembly amendments on the Crown Lands Bill, that it -had passed ihe Loan Bill with a verbal amendment, .and that it accepted the Seed Wheat Bill unaltered. Then, at 11.12 p.m. the House rose. The only ab sentees were Messrs. Duncan and Land seer. Friday, December 16. There was a variegated programme for the delectation of private members on Fri day, a dozen Bills being at the top of the paper, with two notices of motion next and 32 adjourned debates to follow. After wards came eight Government proposi tions, including, the Estimates. Visitors were scarce, but members were plentiful throughout the sitting. There were a good number of questions, but none of them were very important. Messrs. Batchelor, Hutchison, and Wood obtained information concerning the unemployed and the Labor Bureau, while Mr. Solomon was informed that tinder the Railway Clauses Consolidation Act of 1847 there is a right to purchase the Glenelg line apart from that included in the Special Act of 1878. Mr. Solomon also learnt that seven Europeans and nine Asiatics are engaged in the duplication of t'he overland telegraph line. Of the latter one receives 6s., one 5s., and seven 4s. daily, all without rations. Most of the Chinese do coolie work, the Minister stated, and suitable white men cannot be obtained. Mr. Wood elicited that two persons are employed in connection with the Parliamentary electric lighting plant and that one receives 9s. 6d. a day, while the other, a youth of 21, has £70 yearly. The standing order^ were suspended so as to allow the Treasurer to give notice for the introduction on Monday of the Loan Transfer, Income Tax Continuance, and Consolidating Local Government Bills. Mr. Grainger next aa-nounced that it had been agreed that his motion on favor of the adoption of the Calvert Ex ploration Expenses Committee's re port should \take precedence. The recommendation is t?hat £150 be paid to Mr. Wells, and in support of this Mr. Grainger gave an interesting account of the intrepidity displayed by Mr. Wells in his search for the bodies of his dead comrades. Without comment the motion was agreed to amid cheers. Mr. O'Malley then, at 2.53 p.m., rose to move the second reading of a Bill to allow women to sit as mayors or councillors. He was interrupted by a point of order as to whether notices of motion should not come first, but this was decided in his favor. Many members anxious to get on with their own particu lar fancies, wished Mr. U Malley to cut his remarks short, ibut he declined to lose both his Bill, and his speech. Mr. Kingston briefly supported the measure, and itchen Mr. Burgoyne, by 28 votes to 9, secured the adjournment of the debate till Monday. The Council amendments in Mr. O'Malley's Legitimation Bill were accepted without comment, and then an hour and a half was spent op Mr. Blacker's Alien Hawkers Bill, which was much chopped about before it got through committee. It is now provided that the district councils may issue licenses and fix fees within their own boundaries, but that persons need not be licensed for the sale of fish, or for vege tables, fruit, or dairy produce grown or inade by diemse'lves. The Treasurer, too, is to distribute fees received by him for the issue of licenses. The final stages of the Bill were postponed t-jjl Monday. Half an hour was spent- on the Merchant Sea men's Bill, in Which the only alteration made was for the purpose of exempting American sailors from passing an exanii naition in English before being engaged. Mr. Hourigan at 5.35 p.m., in the interests of .tanneries and leather works, moved the second reading of a Bi'll to regulate t(he size and position of brands on cattle. Mr. Grainger suggested that ' the legs of the beasts should be dyed different colors for purposes of identification.. The same mem ber subsequently asked .why, if they will benefit by the alteration of the braind, cat tle-owners do not adopt Jjshe change them selves? ''Because they are fools,' was the sententious reply. Mr. Gfoode secured the adjournment of . tihe debate till' Monday. Then, hy 18 votes -to -16, Mr.. Caildwell's Compulsory Vaccination' Abolition Bill was carried into committee, while shortly afterwards its thard reading was agreed to by 17 votes to 15. The Companies and Quorn Totalizator Bills were slaughtered, mud Mr. Coneyibeer had just begun the fourth edition of his speech on the Noisy' Trades Bill when the Speaker left the chair and members went to dinner. Good progress was made With fhe work after dinner, alt-hough the attendance at times was somewhat select. Thus a few minutes before 10 the only members pre sent were tilie Speaker, Messrs. Brooker, Batchelor, Catt, Caldwell, Cock, Dumas, Glynn, Hourigan,Hague, Holder, MacLach lari, McGillivray, Kanddl, and Wood, al though aJmost immediately afterwards 30 legislators came in to vo'te on a 'division. Directly business was resumed t'he Noisy Trades* Bill passed its second reading; and with slight amendments, rlie measure, which puts the control of these, businesses in t'he hands of the local! governing bodies, passed 'through' all its- stages. ' Then Mr. Ooneybeer's Dangerous Fences Bffll, which gives to tihe same authorities' ra discre tionary power as to 'ba'rbed wire fences, was also whipped through and sent up to the Council. Mr. Batohelor's ' motion in respect to the payment Jdf .compensation. to' Mrs. I. R. Knuekey was suppbrted -by the Government and agreed to, but Mr. Batchelor postponed' until Tuesday his 'speerfi oirtt'he adoption. of the 'report pf the Metropolitan Cemeteries 'Select Com mittee. It was attempted without success to adjourn the debate on *he proposed pay ment of cb'mpemsaitwra tq,'Mrs. Vollpreeht, who by the' Votes of 15 members' as against ?11 was ordered to ve paid the niohey $he claims. So after years: .of persistent en 'dieavo'r Mr. Wood woti ! another victory. Mi*. Oaldwell at 10.10, p;.m. got a.. long-de- sired trojwrfcuni ty ifco inove in favor of thej alteration '6i . the crimdnaj code, . bo far'Jj '.it relates , to offences '. .against ;' wogMH and children. He rea'd a carefully*^ pared essay' on the subject, whiehjt1Mp ever; hX-condensed as heL proeeede'd^iSMn ;M'ho-t h-tf the attention of :tJ§||Hiy and -at 10;30 p.m. only .16 mero»ffi|||ui|& .i&£ threji' Ministers,, were WewBgMttBBSBS*, ?Jfis . jAigjfltei-B were '^^^^K| ever, that the motion was i agree* ijo with- . i *''^M out continent. Mr. Woofi'« motion for - ? -Hi compensation ,ito Mr. Vicary ^as post- \ _-sl poned, while the attempts of tihe same ' ' 4 member to secure , ibigger salaries for re- ''' '^ turning-officers, a subsidy for orphanages, - *£ and a Koyal Commission on the unem- - .» ?$ ployed difficulty-were abandoned owing to /-?.'' the lateness of the session and the satis- ' ''-$ factory pledges received on the subjects -3 from Ministers.; Mr. Hourigan began to 4 talk concerning ihe necessity of appoint- * ' '- ing a crossing-keeper at Bowden,~but did * not conclude Ais speech, and at 10.55 p.m. ? ' '- , the House rose. .'.'.. ? ? ?? ;i The absentees of the day were Messrs. - C Duncan, Foster, Landseer, Moody, Morris, ' fJ and Peake. ?? ? - . JJ * ,, Monday, December 19. ,-; Hamlet's appeal to the ghost—'Let mo not burst in ignorance,' would be very appropriate for the ordinary member of Parliament* They are so prolific in ques tions on each day that the House sits that one is tempted to ask how they manage to get through the other portions of the weeK, and how they can possibly avert an explosion. during the (long and si ient months of the recess, when they have no one available to whom they can sub-, mit their variegated interrogations.' A' quarter of an hour .went in enquiries on Monday, and they were prefaced by a message from ? the Governor., recommend- . ... ing provision to: be made for the return * to district councils of certain hawker's fees. Mr. King O'Malley then couched ^a question in the following form:— 'Does the Government know that the owners ot the land between the Hindmarsh and In- - man Rivers claim ownership of the fore shore along their property, and power to- : prevent the use thereof by the public, in fact, can stop the people from walking along the seashore. Will the Governmenc bring in a Bill next session to recover this inalienable heritage of democracy and the property of the unincu bated billions of future ages V The Premier replied in the negative. Mr. Wood was next told that the Government ' consider that the younger man in charge of the Parliamentary lighting plant, who now gets £75 a year,- should be paid at least 6s. daily for 48 hours per week. Mr. Scherk ascertained that it is impossible before next election to establish a second polling-place for East Adelaide in Hanson street, but Mr. Kingston cheerfully added that as Mr. Scherk is sure to be in Parlia ment next year he can bring the matter up again then. Mr. Dumas received a pro mise that two men who had been wrong ly sent from Mount Barker to Murray Bridge by the Labor Bureau should be re paid their travelling expenses, while Mr. Kingston told Mr. Grainger that although he cannot now state fully his intentions as to Federation, he can assure the House that there will be another referendum be fore any Federal scheme is adopted by . this colony. Tiie Commissioner of Grown Lands gave notice in respect to Various' exchanges of land, and to the estatnisiunenl r \ of a vermin district. Then various papers ' %'Cj- were laid on the table, and so the prelimi* -l»jj nary business was wiped out of the way. i1 1 Mr. Holder at 2.14 form-ally moved the House into Gommittee of Ways and Means in order to prepare the way for the introduction of the Income Tax Continu ance Bill, the object of which is to give currency for another year to the reduction of the exemption from £200 to £150, and to wipe out altogether the exemption on incomes over £450. Mr. Grainger de manded fuller information, and this be ing refused he indignantly attacked the Treasurer on the subject. These things, he thought, should be fought out in the House and not in committee, while ? « the fullest explanations should be given. He talked of the iniquitousness of the in come tax, and claimed that politicians in making up their returns should be allowed -, to deduct their election expenses from their £200 a year. He referred to the. way the salaried man has to pay up and the man: ner in which big men escaped by deducting losses. 'I know nothing about squatting' — lie began and Mr. Brooker raised a merry laugh by interjecting insinuatingly 'You'd do much better squatting.' How ever, Mr. Grainger remained on his legs. He gave a sad account of an agricultural venture of his own when 170 acres proved completely barren, and then he went on to speak of the 'blackmailing' proclivi ties of the Income Tax Department. He was praising his own district and Mr. O'Malley said it was not equal to Arcadia, Then, waxing historical, Mr. Grainger said the Arcadians of old were simple minded people, who were all liars, as for instance— 'Arcades Ambo,' liars both. Mr. Burgoyne suggested 'Blackguards both' and. Mr: Grainger s-aid the House could, take either meaning. Mr. Batchelor thought the exemption low enough already, while Mr. Wood prophesied that the Go- ' y4riment willep'on try i: to reduce it to '£$0. Mr. O''Malley considered the In conie.' tax exij- emely fair, and- Mr. .Giles reiiiinded' Mr. ;Gxainger that it is an honor to &e; sneered at by the Treasurer. Messrs. Glynn, Miller,' Moody, McDonald, and Gock supported the Government; Mr. Hourigan 6poke against them; Mr. Catt was with them, Messrs. Scherk and Archi- ??,,;, bald took the other side, and Mr. Hague ^&8| reluctantly accepted the extra taxation. Vf'Sfl Mr. MacLachlan referred to the hard 'isf^k work and small pay of the farmers who, ? cfMm he aserts, seldom see a sovereign and %fr|§3| never have two to rub together, llr. fe:ffiii Roberts praised Mr. MacLachlan as one ? jal of the best farmers' representatives in the '^Ssm House, but urged 'that Mr. MacLachlan S|l| wished to put taxation on anyone but the feStll agriculturist. Mr. Roberts objects to al- $&§& lowing the Government to do as they like pMsg in taxation matters, especially whdh the -*f*f^ proposals are brought down at the; last '?;'? :! minute of the session. Major Castine also , ;i complained of the Ministerial procrasti- ' .yjify nation, and then at 5.50. p.m. Mr. Solder ;3J% replied. If he had given his supplemen- 's tary statement two months ago, he««aid ?.; the taxation a«ked for would have been . '' larger. He left things to. the last moment, 'he claimed, so that he can tell exactly what «xtra taxation will be necessary, and . ,. --i he warned the House that if they did, not - - :?..:$& accept the present proposal; they -would ?; -m have to come back after Christinas 'xtnd J-t|! devise some iother means of 'wiping offi^ , -^'.^gq the expected deficit. .An interjection '. f.SJ from Mr. Grainger induced Mr. .Holder ?« to,«ay that he wishes 'that that gentle- &M;& man were' Treasurer -for' a dayV-r.two so 'S^ Shat he might attain a jsense of . 'resppnsi- ,.,[J^^ Mity, and ;be taught to .refraui.&oni;: ? tU^m hazarding rash and ridiculous financial «£ *f«|| serfcions. At 6.13 p.m/'the. House ^fn^-,^^ Wo^coinmittsee to consider the:^e6pluton '^Sl -m &kv;& the, ? Bill . is ' to .be. b&sed.; ; ? . Mjr.- -0^ GjibS^fegaili intervened -with, assertion? . . ;-;; Sm&BfflM-totii; he, had npti*a£efuHy ; e® ^fflo«6a^e-announcemBrits*3nfldeVby the ???::;??;£ ^^ffi^from tfme pa! time Withyi : the ,.^ iiithfeV jnonKis. 'V 'As we are iconiing . :;:'s iiikWfter X3hri8troas in; any case to talk .-\^^l f^'ederafciojii'' Mr. G/fcunger 'Said, .-?-«';- ,. , V- ?%. Isfnt as Mil postpone. the financial *£»«£' i;;;?1,:;; ipalfi'tiUVfchen:', It [.ft hardly ^rth. -^«i;i ®bife adjpurhing,' remarked Mr^jBatche- ; jBir, and Mr. Grainger aaijeed that as ineni- ..-:-.. j fliers are.' Paid' for Woi^pg e\$,p| .'month' ' -^ K. i1^. -fthey might as Well earn their money. !i ???-.?'- However, lie agreed not to talk after din *?'- ???.?:. nor, and with that pleasing promise 'ring-1 : ?:??'.;.? ting in their ears members went to thai ? meal. . Almost immediately after resuming wort the resolution was carried and the Income ?? .' ?' lax Bill was introduced, the second read ing being fixed for next day, a similar '?? - course being followed in ' respect to the Loan Transfer Bill. The Council's amendments in^ -the Health . ' Bill were next considered, and by .. 20 votes* to 17 it ''was decided to 'insist upon the amendment of Mr. Dumas, limiting the power of the Central Board to ; charge for its interference in local affairs ? '' - to occasions when the latter body neglects its duty. Next the Police Amendment Bill was put through with the addition of the clauses introduced by the Premier to prevent worthless men from living on the prostitution of women. Then at 8.10 p.m. the Marine Store Bill was called on, and there was some warm talk at times con cerning it, especially from Mr. Roberts. He twitted the Government with dropping important measures, like those referring to Factories and Workmen's Liens, in order to spend their time on grandmotherly le gislation of this shameful character. ? 'Don't be ridiculous,' suggested Mr. Price, who was told that he appeared to have lost the little common sense he once had, because of too much association with 1 empty bottles. 'Well,' retorted Mr. Hut chison, 'You have not found the common sense.' By 19 voles to 18 it was decided that collectors should not work after 5 p.m., while by 28 votes to 8 they were pre vented from entering premises without the owner's permission. Waxing impatient -again, Mr. Roberts tried at 9.10 p.m. to defeat the Bill by moving Mr. Catt out of the chair, but once more he suffered de feat, while by 20 votes to 14 he failed to obtain permission for one man to combine ? the positions of dealer and collector. Un 'der clause 20, which deals with regulations, Mr. Roberts sarcastically asked what color the collectors' trucks would have to be painted, and ventured the suggestion that the West Adelaide colors would be chosen. '?'Oh, certainly they will be used to bring voters to the poll,' remarked Mr. Kingston and Mr. Hutchison said something about the collection of idiots. 'If the trucks are used for the collection of idiots they would get a fine .haul in Parliament, and I would not interfere with their work,' said Mr. Roberts, who further accused Messrs. Hutchison and Price of being lost to all sense of wisdom and decency. They should have respect for the opinion of others he thought, and not indulge in idiotic by play. The Treasurer thought matters of detail should be left to the officers to regulate. So at 9.26 p.m. the Bill went through. Mr. Hutchison tried to recommit the measure so as to prevent aliens from obtaining licenses, but he was beaten by 20 votes to 16. Then it was read a third , third time and passed. (Mr. Kingston next moved the second ! reading of the Children's Protection Bill, i .which he described as a simple but iin : portant measure, having_ for its object the removal of temptation from boys and the better protection of girls by raising 'the age of consent in their case to 17 years. Mr. Catt .supported the Bill, which was op posed, (however, by Messrs. Wood and Honiburg. Mr. Hutchison voiced the opinions of the State Children's Council in favor of the chief portions of the Bill. Incidentally he remarked that recently he picked up an indecent advertisement, and was astonished to find on closer examina tion that it was published 'by the joint au thority of die Victorian and South Austra lian Railway Departments. Mr. Roberts at 10.30 p.m. secured the adjournment of ?the debate till next day. Mr. Kingston ^snoved Hie second reading of the Parlia mentary Library Bill, on which Messrs. Archibald, Glynn, and Catt offered their opinions, after which the debate was ad journed till next day. At 10.45 p.m. the House rose. The absentees were Me;srs. Landseer, JRandel'l, and (Solomon. Tuesday, December 20. On Tue.-day when members of the Assembly bowed 'to the Speaker only four weary-looking electors were ' over the clock,' and the lower galleries were empty. There were only two questions of any importance. In reply to Mr. Grainger the Attorney-General promised 'to do nothing with regard to Federation without taking; the House into the fullest confidence, and securing a rati fication of the Government action finally by the electors. Later lie tOid ' Mr. Poynton that the mori bund Household Suffrage Bill is to b? replaced in the Government poMcy for £li3 next elections by a proposal to make adult suffrage the basis of both Houses, as in the Commonwealth Bill. lie also intimated that a referendum will be taken on this proposal at the next feneral elections. The Loan Trans er Bill was picked up at the second reading stage, and when the Treasurer bad spoken Mr. Grainger caustically criticised Government methods of financing. He also wanted to know ?why the employes at Islington were kept eo long on half-time when engines and rolling stock were needed and the Go vernment had £76,000 in hand, which could have been used for building them. The Treasurer briefly replied that tha en gines were not needed and the Govern ment had not the money, and the Bill was rapidly pushed through its remaining stages. The Income Tax Bill was bitterly opposed by the Labor Part}', but the Op (position went over to the Government Biae, and despite several divisions the Bill went right through. Almost the only support, the Labor Party obtained came d'rom Mr. Grainger, who is steadfastly op posed to any kind of income tax. The Legislative Council insisting on their amendment to the Pastoral Bill reserving ithe country five miles around wells, a con ference was asked for, and the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, Sir John Downer, and Mr. Poynton were appointed managers for the Assembly. The Upper House in timated that they 'had passed the Loan Bill, and also sent down a new Lottery and Gaming Bill, which was read a first ?time, and is to be dealt with to-day. Then {Supply was called on and the usual airing '5* grievances occupied the House till the ?dinner adjournment 'hour, the Treasurer concluding 'his reply just in time to get in to committee by 6.30. His most impor tant statement was that the Government intend to appoint a Royal Commission dur ing recess with large powers of enquiry Ifco report on the whole condition of the public service. .The many complaints made by labor members during the session are to 'be referred to this important Oom mi'ssion, and the Government hope that itheir finding will set at rest many vexed . questions. After dinner Mr. Giles roused Ithe indignation of those members who are diiterested in the Belaar National Park by suggesting that a portion of it ought to ibe used as a burial ground. It is heedless to say that the Government is hardly like ly to accept the suggestion. Till after (midnight the House were discussing the . . Estimates. ?? i 'Northern ^Territory feudget/i strongly 'criti cising the action of; the Treasurer 'in brings: ing forward important matter at such. . ah hour of the night;.. He ridiculed the ^amount of gold which had been raised in 'the MacDonnell Ranges, and said the Terri tory. was being ruined by having to pay compound interest on its' overdraft. ? If- we did not take care, 'he said, it would ruin South-'. Australia too, and we should be very lucky if we could get ft taken off our ?hands 'Without a serious Joss. . He laughed at the Treasurer's hope that 'the presence of the Americans ? in Manila would be beneficial to the export of cattle to the Philippines. Mr. Hague rose wearily, but soon became indignant in denouncing what he termed the parody of legislation con ducted in such a thin House. At this time the clock pointed to 2.10 a.m., and 18 members were present, of whom five were slumbering- on the couches. Mr. Glynn followed in the same strain and stated that the Territory was steadily going to the bad, while the Government seemed afraid to face a knotty problem. Neither member for the Territory spoke, though 'both were present and kept awake, and after a short and optimistic speech from Mr. Morris the line was passed at 2.30 a.m., and the Estimates were rushed through with a final protest from Mr. Cas tine. The usual supply resolutions were carried, and the Supply Bill put through all its stages in about five minutes. The House rose at 2.40. Wednesday, December 21. The Assembly met at the usual hour on Wednesday, about two-thirds of the members being present. There were very few visitors, hut three brightly-dressed ladies had seats in the front row of the upjer gallery, the cushioned benches be low 'being bare for tine first half hour. The Premier, though pressed by Mr. O'Malley, could not promise to subsidise a doctor for Kanjiaroo Island, the natural salubrity of which, 'he thinks, ought to keep the inhabi tants healthy. Major Castine asked the Premier where he found his authority to submit to a referendum the question of adult suffrage for the Legislative Council. Mr. Kingston replied that it came within the ordinary power of the Executive, and tliat the proposal had the tacit approval of the House. 'How do you get at that tacit approval?' enquired Mr. Giles, and the reply Was 'Because the House had not challenged the Government when they made the announcement.' Hereupon Mr. Copley gave notice that next afternoon 'he would move that he House disapproves of the proposed referendum. 'That is a no-confidence motion,' com mented Mr. O'Malley, while Mr. Glynn said 'Why not rest on their constitutional disability to hold the referendum?' Mr. Glynn next asked whether without an Act or a resolution of both Houses a referendum could be held. 'Yes,' answered Mr. Kingston, whereupon Mr. Homburg enquired whether he would also ask the electors to express an opinion as to whether either or both Houses should be reduced in membership and whether payment, of members should be lessened in amount. Mr. Kingston was anxious nob to complicate the reference to the people so he declined. (Mr. Wood read an anonymous letter affirming that luna tic asylum attendants are not given timeto read, and that Dr. Cleland would fine them Gd. a day if he caught them with a book. 'I don't believe it,' re marked the Premier, Who refused to an swer the questions put, because the writer did not give his name. He pledged the Government to protect the writer, if a warder. in making his charges. 'Oh, he'd get the sack if he opened his mouth,' said Mr. Hoiuburg, but Mi. Kingston assured the House that if the statements were true the person making them would not suffer. The Com missioner of Public Works undertook that if the Glenelg railway is purchased all good men will be kept on at pay at least equal to the present, though they may not all kc?p their exact positions. At 2.30 p.m. a conference took place wiui the Council on the Health Bill, and on re turning the Premier announced that the Upper House objected to the amendments concerning measles, pigs, and milk. He suggested that the Assembly should give way as to the pigs and milk, but should insist on the amendment dispensing with reports as to measles. Mr. Roberts objected that, being an Irishman, the Attorney-General didn't care whether his pig was in the backyard or in the parlor, but the committee at once agreed with the first and second suggestions of the Pre mier. Mr. Batchelor warned the com mittee against carelessness as to milk. However, here, too, the Government had their way, and later in the aiterncon it was announced that the Council had given in on the subject of 'measles.' Mr. bqlomon learnt that the Government has received no communication on rhe sub ject of Sir Fowell Buxton's successor. 'Will it be Lord Kilmorey?' enquired Mr. Grainger, but there was no reply, although Mr. Solomon elicited thait the Government has not considered the advisability of making any representation to the home authorities on the subject. The Premier thinks we are doing very well at present, though he promised next day to answer s. question from Mr! Graiuger in respect to the Lieutenant-Governor and his judicial duties. Just here, very appropriately Cap tain Wallington brought down a message from that official. It had, however, refe rence to a verbal mistake in the Pastoral Bill, and this was at once corrected. The Premier once more promised Mr. Bachelor that he will take the earliest opportunity of consulting Parliament in respect to Federation, and undertook that nothing shall be done without Parliamentary ap proval, subject to popular ratification. He informed Mr. Coneybeer that it is possible there may be another session, and that every convenient notice shall be given of the calling together of Parliament, which, ?iie said, 'would be prorouged this week, and not adjourned. By messages the Council announced that ?at 'had agreed to the Licensed Hawkers and 'the Noisy Trades Bills, after which the Agricultural Holdings Bill and the State F5re Insurance Bill were slaughtered. Mr. Foster at 3.21 p.m. moved the second reading of the Totalizator Bill, Which pro vides that distances shall be measured by road instead of in a straight line. A long discussion followed, and the strange sight ?was seen of the Treasurer and Attorney General following each other on opposite sides of 'fche question. Mr. Holder thinks Australian environments are of such a speculative character tha't it is well not to pander to the vice of .betting by the establishment o'f a gambling machine. Mr. Kingston, however, considered the 'totalizator a safety-valve. 'Which in creases fche speed of the journey to ruin,' grimly commented Mr. Gilbert. Mr. King ston said he has had experience pf the ma chine, and so he has the advantage of the Treasurer. 'You could say tlie same ?thing of almost every other vice,' asserted Mr. Solomon. The Premier smiled,1 and so did this colleague. Mr. Kingston went on to say 'that he once backed a double, but as one of the horses was scratched he has each other againstTat.' .- Mrf Fosfer/ isiid-'^hfe., laifc ''me^^J.er;V«''?!al're$^y1:c^o^^d;^;1:.wl^ih'r? gloty in his district' because 'of ;4ihe &PM;' works he^has done for yhis:'jco.n.stituentg.: Once Mr. Foster/lie; add.eai' jsppnt i»js.sitime in. converting j)eople,-but now 'he* has ruined; the effecfe of ali.Jhis Sunday i-iteaehing. by forcing on them' a gambling : instrument' which they, jdo not want. ? 'They 'couFdn' t pay 18s. the other-, day,' remarked Mr. O'Malley, 'anii 'they certainly: could riot afford 'to gamble.' Mr. Hutchison opposed 1;he Bill, and Mr. Copley then carried the talk .up to dinnertime. Y : -; .' ;??'' .In the evening attention. was devoted to : fche Income Tax Bill,' the Local Govern ment Bill, . the Loan Estimates arid Ex cesses, and -the Children's Protection 'Bill, on the last o'f which measures specially excellent speeches were ' delivered by Messrs. Grainger,' Glynn, arid Price, Then at 10.51 p.m. .the 'Assembly adjourned un til 2 o'clock next afternoon. The only absentee was Mr. Landseer, who has returned to his home .at Milarig much improved in health. He was at the House to say good-bye to his friends on Tuesday. Thursday, December 22. Although tihere was a political crisis impending when 'tihe Assembly met on Thursday there ware- but few listeners in the. public portions of the House and only ?two ladies were present. Legislators, however, appreciated the gravity of the situation and nearly half a hundred of them, were in their places when the Speaker took the chair, all the leaders of the different parties being presents Right at the- outset the Premier rose and an nounced that as it was highly desirable that the motion tabled by Mr. Copley in opposition to uhe proposed Franchise Referendum should be dealt with imme diately he was willing to postpone all other business so that it might be discus sed at once. ' All sides of the House acquiesced in this view. After Mr. Grainger had ascertained that informal questions would be called on di rectly the quasi - No - Confidence motion was disposed of the House there fore settled itself down to listen to the fourth serious at'tack which has 'been made on the Government this session, Mr. Copley's name now being added to those of Sir John Downer, Mr. Glynu and Mr. Batchelor. Mr. Copley rose with due solemnity at 2.3 p.m. and moved — ''That this House dis approves o'f the Government proposal to submit to a referendum any question of constitutional reform, unless such reference is approved by both Houses of Parlia ment.' He claimed that he had taken the first available opportunity to table his ob jection, which Ihe asked should be treated as a serious matter, quite removed from the excitement of party politics. The question to be settled was not whether or not there should be a referendum, but whether such a step should be adopted withoult the consent of Parliament. In this instance neither had been consulted, and there had been a special avoidance of the constitutional methods of settling a dispute with the Council, although,' just on the eve o'f a general election, tlhose methods could be readily adopted. The proposed action of the Government he considered to he of a wriggling and shuffling kind, and he asserted that it had caused as much surprise in the country as it had in the House. The question to foe put to the constituencies was not in a-ccordance with tlie suggested referendum under the Household Suffrage Bill rejected by the Council, but the people, he pointed out, were to be asked whether they favored adult suffrage of both Houses. 'Why not ask the people their opinion as to pay ment of members?' enquired Mr. Mort lock, and Mr. Copley significantly replied that another Government might submit that subject to a plebiscite. Plebiscites, however, he asserts, are never taken ex cept by autocrats or dictators. He ap pealed to the House not to allow of the es tablishment of a dangerous precedent, which would lessen the influence of Parliament, and vastly increase that of a masterful Premier. Mr. Kingston followed, at 2.29 p.m., with a recognition of the importance of the mo tion. He hoped the question would be set tled without unnecessary friction, buu, said the Government would be no party to a craven surrender of the privileges of the Assembly or of the Ministry. The Pre mier claimed that he was most specifically plain in his statement on Monday concern ing the intentions of the Government in respect to the referendum. He did not question the right of the Assembly to give its opinion, whicli he admitted would have very great weight with the Ministry, while he took credit for the complete can dor of his announcement as to the re ferendum and the welcome he had given to Mr. Copley's motion. Mr. Copley in his speech, he said, studiously avoided any reference to the principle at stake, \$hich was the right of the Assembly to consult its own constituents for its own guidance. If such a principle as that sought to be laid down by Mr. Copley were affirmed, said the Premier, the liber ties of the Assembly would indeed be gone. 'We might as well shut up shop and let No. 1 Committee of the Legisla tive Council run the country,' interjected Mr. O'Malley. Tne Premier claimed the rignt to have a consultative delibera tive, and advisory reference to the people and he added tliat. the proposed referen dum is not legislative, but advisory. 'What will you do if a majority of mem bers returned are in favor of the principle, while a majority pf the people are against it?' enquired Mr. Glynn, and the reply was that so many side issues got into a general election contest that it is not necessarily a decided and satisfactiry ex position of the popular wish. The Minis try were taunted with not knowing the opinion of the country on their measures, and in this matter they desired to find out definitely what it is. 'Bring in a Bill then?' said Mr. Glynn, but the Pre mier considered that, without any reflec tion on the Council, or any infringement of its rights, the proposed issue could be put to the people, while it would be sure to be fully discussed during the election campaign. Did anyone, he asked, question the right of the Assembly to order a referendum on the education question, or its privilege to appoint Select Committees or Royal Commissions -without consulting the Council. Yet a ? Royal Coinmision on Constitutional Reform could visit every district and take 'tihe opinion of each elec tor. Was it not much 'better, he enquired, to have the verdict required through the ballot- box? He moved to Strike out all words after 'House,' so as to add 'af- firms its right to direct consultation with it3 constituents by means of a referen dum.1'' 'That is a compromise. with the Country Pa'rty, to which ilie law is al ways sacrificed' said Sir Johu Downer. Mr. Kingston vehemently protested against a fatal surrender of political privi lege and 'the admission of 'tihe light of the Council to make and unmake Govern ments. Is ihe House prepared for lt.liat? '^eMi^$id^ loH'S^iies ;so£»^Ji5o;''i; ^hib/^lliin)cil;V'He.'isa)iiau-. ^k^%^T^?Myth|ir itee$i -MU ::#hey) did ;noii*|ra^:,'W]|^tX^^^^W'^^^^ wanted, ft'qcU'xitfrr -it 5waa : /Sought nto ^prevent iheni fcpim^firiaing »iit.r ' So at 3 p.mi .Mr^. lQ^B.tbn-;eatl^o%n';iibi|d^'c&eNsV; ?:-:' V -.*. ?'? . Sir ' ^oThfej^W^^^io^^ with ??* . characterisation- ' ' of ???', \ ..Mr.- ' .; Kingston's speech ras'- itoeing ? mtrtte' 'arid but ,r|pf indifferent .-.honesty, but he /withdreinr both phrases at .the ', request ,6i the Speaker, '.'. Sir . John -as: a '. constitutional lawyer, assured the House that Mr. King ston was. all wrpng in his actions and pro posals. 'Mr. Grainger also Was quite cer tain the Attorney-General was wrong, but as he did' jiot want to have a row he offered, as' the best tempered man in the House, to combat the Irish tendencies of Mr Kingston by pouring oil. on the; troubled waters. By this time the news of the fight had spread and the galleries ?were; full; the Chief Secretary, Messrs. Addison, Adams, Fuller, Howe, Lewis, McGregor, and .Ward being among them. Mr. Grainger having, finished a light and airy speech, Mr. Burgoyne followed at 4 p.m. He objected to re ferring . the question of adult suffrage to the constituencies, as is Was not dealt with in the Household Suffrage Bill. He moved as an amendment that the referendum should -be on the household suffrage itself, - ?with the £15 franchise for -husbands arid wives as an alternative. Mr. Batehelor at 4.48 opened a vehement speech in favor ot the sub mission of the question to the people. He asserted- that there is no method o'f end ing a constitutional deadlock in South Aus-. tralia, and he protested against the Council 'which only represents a small section of the poeple, eternally preventing the will of the whole from being carried out. The Legislative Council, he asserted, arrogated to itself the right of interfering with every class. It never delayed an agricul tural .or a pastoral Bill, bu't it was con tinually agaiust the industrial interests, while it endeavored to conciliate the farmers in order to crush all other classes. 'You are making a serious mistake,' interjected Mr. Holder, but Mr. Batchelor does not consider itfun wise to speak the truth. He continued that the Council legislates for the laud holders as against the rest of the people. 'Are you against that,' he enquired from the Treasurer. '1 am against your whole line of argument for the last ten minutes,' was the response, finally Mr. Batchelor moved to limit the proposed referendum to the question contained in the House hold Franchise Bill. The Treasurer at 5.27 p.m. deprecated the action of the Council in stopping the public business for a month. What excuse was there, he asked, for the action of that House in taking a step which rendered it impossible to pay the salaries of Civil ser vants after December 31? It was not pro posed, he said, that the referendum should be operative. It would merely be advi sory, and if the country pronounced against the Bill it would be laid' - aside. -When the Assembly resolves that it has a right to consult ? its constituents in this ?way, ihe said, thev 'w-iil give a similar right ?to the Council. If you had said 'that.be Ifore the prorogation would have taken iplace to-morrow,' asserted 'Mr. Hom'burg. The 'Government, Mr. Holder said, would accept the amendments of Messrs. Bur goyne and Batehelor, as they were sure ! that when household suffrage came adult i suffrage would soon 'follow. Mr. Roberts did not know that the Council had passed any resolution in respect to the referen dum, Ibut when informed of tha't fact he agreed that fche Assembly muslt figh't the attempt at dicta'tion. 'Mr. Poynton at 6.18 p.m. had just 'begun 'to speak on the same subject, when jiail ratified down on tlie roof with su'ch noisy persistence that the Premier suggested an adjournment, and members went to dinner at 6.24 p.m. Complaints have been made that graves in the Hindmarsh Cemetery have been desecrated. Artificial wreaths in calses have been damaged, and other acts of vanda lism committed. The police have the matter in hand. Messrs. A. D. Handyside and A. H. Peake waited uoon the Railways Commis sioner on Wednesday morning and pre sented a memorial signed by the residents oi Keith and neighborhood, asking that the Melbourne express train might stop at Keith for the purpose of picking up or setting down passengers. The memorial ists pointed out that at present they were put to unnecessary loss of time and ex pense whenever business took them to either Adelaide or Bordertown. If taey came to Adelaide by the ordinary train service they had to stay in the city two nights and two whole days; if a journey 'was made to Bordertown — a distance of ai5out 30 miles — they had to lose an entire day and night. The Commissioner pro mised to consider the matter. The players in the intercolonial cricket match, haying packed aWay their flannels, gathered in the dining-room, Where wine 'which makeih glad the heart of man' -was uncorked. Mr. W. O. Whitridge, wuo as charrrnan of fche Cricketing Association presided, gave the toast of 'The New South Wa'les team' in complimentary terms, and added that ' winning the toss won the game,' a statement that was not generally endorsed. Captain S. E. Gre gory, in responding, remarked, 'As to win ning the toss — that had nothing to do with winning fche game,' 'for which he was warmly cheered. Gregory is a generous opponent, 'but cha't'fcing to a representative of 'The Advertiser' later iu the day he observed, ' It was not the wicket that had anything to do with our losing the game. Undoubtedly we should have got the runs, but we didn't, and you, like anyone else who saw the came, know why we didn't.' Mr. Wilson, the manager of the team, also responded to the toast, and sta^d— 'We are all very glad to see our .old friend, George Giffen, back in his old form. He is not only a tower of strength to South Australia, but to Aus tralia, and there is not another irian,, in Australia who has done so much for the game as George Giffen,' a statement which met with cheers. ..Mr. Wilson went on to say that there . were lesser lights on the South Australian side who would take Giffen's place in ' a few years time; one was Clem Hill, and another was Joe Darling. Though the visitors had had a 'doin*' the team were all cricketers enough to acknowledge it. fie gave the toast of 'The South Austra lian team,' coupled with the name _ of Captain J. Darling, who, he said, had cap tained the side very well indeed. Can tain Darling replied, and Mr. M. A. Noble submitted' 'The umpires,' to which Mr. George Downs made response. The pro ceedings 'came- to an end when Mr G-. Giffen proposed in complimentary terms' the health of Mr. W. O. Whitridge. The visitors who, barring the heat, greatly en joyed their stay here, left for Melbourne :by the express during .fctoe afternoon. DajECTivfis 