A BARBER-CHAIR EPISODE His wife had told him that he needed it badly ; and, after thinking it over for a week he decided to have his hair cut. He had been sitting in the barber-chair for the last half-hour. All those little attentions for which barbers have become noted had been showered upon him with lavish hand and tire- less tongue. The barber laid down his scissors. A deep-drawn sigh of ineffable relief appeared to come up out of the innermost upholstering of the chair, for the little man fancied the ordeal was nearing its end. Then, through half-closed, lids, he saw the barber arm himself with a long- haired brush. Memories of the past were wafted back to him ; and, shutting his eyes, he groaned aloud and shuddered. " Pomatum on your hair, sir ? inquired the barber in his oiliest tones as he jabbed the long-haired implement of tourture down the little man's back, and wriggled it around in a manner particularly exasperating. " No, sir ; I never use the stuff !" snapped the victim, with a look of disgust. " A shave, sir ? " suggested the barber in an off-hand way, as he slammed a greasy hand familiarly over the little man's mouth, and pro- ceeded to put his face affectionately with a sloppy towel. " No, sir ; thank heavens, I shave myself ! " came the reply in a voice trembling with in- dignation. " Shampoo ? " continued the barber, with dogged perseverance, as he muffled up the little man's head in a hot towel. " No-no God forbid !" came the half- smothered answer. " Or sea-foam, sir ? " went on the persistent barber, as he fondled the throbbing head between his clammy hands. " No, no ! Nothing ! " gurgled a faint voice in reply. " You'll want a bath, sir ? " exclaimed the barber, after a lapse of a few moments, in a brisk, business-like tone, as though he were commencing all over again. " No, sir, I won't. I've a bath in my own house," quickly rejoined the little man, shaking himself defiantly and puffing like a donkey- engine. " Shoe-shine ? " laconically suggested the barber. " No, no ! I shine my own shoes, always!" fairly shrieked the little man testily, as he wriggled to get free. " Before you go, sir," softy whispered the barber in a confidential and persuasive tone, as he combed the little man's hair in a manner that was almost tender. " I would like to sell you a bottle of my patent hair restorative. Your hair, sir, is coming out by the handful. " I know it is ! " shouted the little mam glee- fully, " and I'm glad of it. I've been using Jink's Hair Remover for the past five years, and I hope soon, sir, to have no need of your services whatever." " Yes, sir," answered the barber in a dreamy, mechanical way, as he released the victim from his clutches. " N-e-e-x-t ! " AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. A man on his trial for murder, in New York, was successfully defended by his counsel in the following grandiloquent speech :— Gentlemen of the jury, " Thou shalt not kill.' Now, if you hang my client, you trans- gress the command as slick as grease, and as plump us a goose's egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether com- mitted by twelve jurymen or an humble indiv- idual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man. No such thing, gentlemen. You may bring the prisoner in guilty, the hangman may do his duty—but will that excuse you ? No ; in that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped on his brow to-day ?—who, freemen who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my own word not one of you has a bowie knife. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the fumes of cigars and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but hang my un- fortunate client and the scaly alligators of re- morse will gallop through the internal principles of our animal viscera until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into a gigantic railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder ! Beware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal Prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure you by the manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder, I adjure you by the American Eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of crea- tion, and is now roosting in the magnetic tele- graph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder ! And, lastly, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if you ever ex- pect to wear boots made of the free hide of the Rocky Mountain buffalo, and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but sneaking, law-flung, rascally, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down into indistinctibility, acquit my client, and save your country. The prisoner was acquitted. 