THE BUSH FIRES. LONGLEY AND SANDFLY IN ASHES. SEVERAL PERSONS BURNT TO DEATH, OVER TWENTY HOMES DESTROYED. PROVIDENTIAL ESCAPE OF THE FERN TREE. [BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER ] Just as Thursday, the 6th February, 1851, it rememberod as " Black Thursday" in Victoria, on account of the loss of life and vast destruction of property by bush fires which took place on that day, Friday, the last day in the old year, may well be remembered in Tasmania at the "Black Friday" of the colony, from the same cause. Terrible devastation was wrought on that day from the Fern Tree right away to Lower Longley by the bush fires. Upper and Lower Longley have been reduced to ashes, several people fatally burnt and injured, and over 20 homes destroyed. Only those who drove down here on Saturday and yesterday can have any conception of the ruin effected. The damage that has been done at the Fern Tree is sad enough, three houses having been burnt down, and much of the beautiful bush scenery destroyed; but all that is insignificant compared with the horrors experienced on Friday at Upper and Lower Longley and Sandfly, where the whole country for miles round now lies black and desolate in dust and ashes, the stony chimneys of what were until that fatal day comfortable llttle homes of settlers and farmer's, churches, schools, and post offices being all that are left. They stand up like gaunt ghosts amid the denne blackness. Here and there, strewn about, lie the roasted carcases of horses, pigs, cattle, poultry and other animals, whilst much sadder still to relate, the visitation has caused the death of three or five people, some of whom were burnt alive. Everywhere about, even up to yesterday, immense trees were continually falling with thunderous crushes, tongues of flames forking out from many other monarchs of the forest, accompanied by whizzing smoke and crackling noise, whilst the wind scattered the black, blinding clouds of ashes in all directions. The whole neighbourhood still presents a heart rending scene of desolation. Not only have many little homes, with their outhouses, and the public buildings gone, but the orchards and the fruit plantations, after many years of industrious labour and effort, have shared the same fate. Several families are thus rendered homeless with nothing saved but a few loose, light garments, which they stood up in on that hot, fiery day. Towards midday on Friday a tremendous bush fire was seen trom Longley to be raging in the gullies about the upper parts of the mountain to the northward. It was spreading right and left, but suddenly, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, the hot wind, which was blowing from the north-west, veered a point or two more southerly, and at the same time increased in violence till it blew a moderate gale. Immediately afterwards the fire was with marvellous rapidity carried down in one immense, wide blaze of flame upon Lower and Upper Longley, then on to Sandfly and towards Kingston, the roar of the awful storm of wind and flame being itself most horrifying to bear. In one overwhelming holocaust it destroyed everything that it approached, root and branch, throughout the locatities named, and all within an hour. Many poor people barely escaped with their lives, and some were unfortunately roasted alive in the attempt. But for the convenient proximity of the bridge over the North- West Bay River, to which so many person rushed with all the speed they could command, most of those about upper Longley would undoubtedly have perished in the flames. In their haste, terror, and distress some carried their children, others helped along the aged, not being given time to look back or rescue any of their belongings from their burning homes, or the hotel where they were guests. Under that bridge, with little pools of water at their feet they stood for some hours, whilst the terrible destruction was going on round about them, women and children in the deepest anguish, and the men cowered and just as helpless. Presently one man managed to gallop away to the Fern Tree, where he found the police and others in authority. Mr. H. E. Packer, the Secretary of Public Works, promptly got vehicles up from Hobart, which fetched the unfortunate people from the bridge, and conveyed those who had no friends to go to (and there were over 20 of them) into the city. Many of them still remain in Hobart in dire distress, having lost their all, and something will undoubtedly have to be publicly done to relieve them without delay. Before 6 o'clock in the evening the whole of the Longley and Sandfly districts looked like one vast cinder patch, with here and there a spot of dirty drab- the remains of the orchards with the fruit partly roasted on the trees, Every fruit tree was, of course, ruined. The Roman Catholic and Anglican churches, State school, post offices, hotel, and homes of settlers were entirely swept away. When the danger was over, because the fire had consumed everything in its sweep excepting some big trees (and they were all more or less alight), several of the men emerged from under the bridge, and proceeded down the road found their gloomiest forebodings were fulfilled. Mrs. Jones, the wife of Webster's groom, they found burnt to death about 300yds from her cottage. Her boy was rescued by one of those hurrying to the bridge before the fire ; but he was then so burnt that he died, in about an hour afterwards, and his body lay at their feet under the bridge. Mrs. Jones and her son had been to a plantation belonging to her at Sandfly, and were coming home, The boy, being able to run a little faster than the mother, got within 100 yards of the cottage, when he was seen to drop, As the party under the bridge all along feared, Mrs. Jones was horribly burnt to death in the bush. When her body was found her one hand was pressed tightly to her eyes, whilst the other was partly burnt away. Then on Saturday another body was found. It was that of an old man named Bates, who was employed by Mr. T. H. Matthews, fiuit-picking. He rushed from the house about the same time as his employer and Mrs. Matthews and child. Mr. and Mrs. Matthews got safely to the bridge, but Bates with his dog made for the bank of the rivulet. His dog was found alive, and Mr, Matthew on Saturday discovered the unfortunate man lying dead face downwards just on the bank of the stream, having apparently died from fire and suffocation. At the house of Mr. Matthews, sen., the cattle rushed in from the fire and kicked and otherwise injured Miss Matthews, breaking some of her ribs. She had to be carried away, and has since died at the hospital from those injuries and the effects of the fire. The same fire seemed to have also burnt two men Kettering way, but no particulars were obtainable on Saturday on the Huon- road, whilst the gravest anxiety existed for the safety of Mr. K. R. Peacock, a Melbourne tourist, who set out from Kingston towards Sandfly on Friday. He had gone out on a bicycle, but had to return on board the Oonah from Shipwright Point. There were two separate bush fires. The one at the Fern Tree did not come from the Springs, as has been asserted by several, but from the Slab-road. Thanks to the energy and promptitude of beaters it never became one united flame. Tremendous tongues of fire were continually being carried hither and thither by the wind, the dogwood, musk, and myrtle igniting very freely, but such patches of fire were as quickly as possible beaten down, for— A little fire is quickly trodden out, Which, being suffered, rivers cannot quench. To this may, with certainty, be attributed the saving of the Fern Tree Hotel and stables, Mrs. Smith's boarding house, the pretty little church of St. Raphael's, the Bower and shelter sheds and several beauty spots left intact. The other and far more disastrous fire began up the mountains about the Sleeping Beauty, and the wind veering round a little drove it down past Oates and the North-West Bay River valley to Longley, Everything being so dry, and the day intensely hot, the bush burnt with such a fierceness as nobody remembers witnessing before, The great torrent of flame, which extended for miles and miles, is reckoned to have travelled up 300ft. or 400ft., and it travelled with amazing swiftness before such a strong wind. Owing to the danger from falling trees and outbreaks of fire, it was impossible to proceed to Lower Longley in safety, whilst the telegraph poles being all burnt down over a distance of eight miles of blackness, it is impossible to obtain particulars of how the unfortunate families there, who were burnt out, obtained shelter, but a list of the casaulties there appears below. 