ANoi'HidR Riisc OKii in peril; ''p . ' .BROUGHT OUT ALIVE. PlThe riews 'of tlieidisa'ster spread like wild 'fiite hands, -arid there ivas rio'laok of voluiiteers for tlie hazardous duty belowp .Wheri'Shei-man M'Kenzie ; and Hoare rose'to'the iuorith'of the shaft Avith- tiie-news or; lurcuer. losses, suniupiiAiu, George Gibbs, Sairiuel AVarby, William. La- vers, . Prowse - arid: -Adolphus . M'Kenzie descended. " ;. The latter; was already . some what, worn through.:- a; rapid bicycle' ride which lind- , brquglit: him to the shaft's mouth; and lie had walked hilt a few yards when he was overcome by the poisonous gases. -Warby; Levers' arid M'Ard: conveyed him on a truck to the cage, and lie was hoisted into the fresh air, which qtiicklv re- vived 'him. His rescuers then returned to rpiiflpr further assistance, and were just ill time: to take charge of Prowse, who in turn had been knocked down by the fumes, lu his case also it was happily found that: fresh air was a quick restorative. It was then discovered that the safety of all below- was menaced by a faulty plug in the air lock. Warby, however/ promptly repaired the leak by putting in a new plug, and then M'Ard and Gibbs volunteered to enter the face compartment. Hr. A; J; M'Kenzie was now directing operations below, and after a good deal ot hesitation on his part and earnest entreaty- by the volunteers, lie gave his assent to the proposal. "After we passed through tlie lock," M'Ard said, "I went first with, the trolly, and my mate followed with '.the! lights. We went in about ,200 feet, though it seemed more like a mile. The stench further on was terrible, but by and bye we came across poor Gibson lying in the .water, which was about 12 inches deep m the centre. We tried to get him 011 to tlie trollv, although we could see he was dead. But liiv mate was suddenly overcome, and fell ori the- floor of the tunnel. \V lien lie fell, the lights he had went out, and alp I- .could do was to drag myself along towards him. I stumbled and fell over him, but I managed to get up ngain, and scrambled out.- Then when I came out alone I sank clown exhausted. 'Where's your mate? asked Sam Warby. 'He's done. I said, and then the boss said to us all, Not another man shall go in with my permission. It's suicidal, and I wont have it.' So we went up above, and about 20 minutes after we were scared, to bear someone tap, tapping on the air pipe. We did not ask- any permission to . go down "then, and the lioss lie said nothing, but -just went down with a full party of us,, Gibbs was behind the lock tapping on the nine, and we did not lose much tune getting to him. When George Gibbs saw me, yon. d have .thought lie saw a ghost.; Glow/did you get here?' lie asked, and Utold him I managed to creep out. "Lord God, I'm thankful for that,„for I .am nearly, dead, '.lie said. Trior George must have lost his head after I got out, .because he crawled bock towards the face a'fcw.iect, found one pf the unfiglitcd candles and brougnt it out 'Gibhffliad calculated' his state of health accurately when he said lie was nearlv dead " With his' hand, on .his mate s shoul der lie fainted away, and was conveyed in. a vehicle. to .tlie Alfred. Hospital. ; There he: recovered , consciousness," and ' is' now pro gressing towards- recovery. ! 