[?] ?WINS OF THE WEEK. PONY RACING AND THE A.J.C. Cravat Shows Iiis Quality — Notes at Mooreficld. A Bookmakers' Day — Epsom Prospects. Intercolonial Racing. NEW RULES AND REGULATIONS. A.J.C- Spring Hnirtas—Bonblo Betting on tlto (Jnps— Tony UiiciiiK Prospects— Tho TolaJisnlor. (Bt ' UMPIRE.'1) ? Many people havo boon spending an nnx Iohb tlmo since the passim; ot now rules nntl rcenlations by tlio Aimtrallan .foekcy Club. Those sportsmen nml tholr trainers who havo never taken purl in the lower branch ot racing are not particularly con cerned, hut nnionc parllclpnnts v both nnnir onrl linpan ii'nplnn* i horf! . llJlK btiCTl ' t\\. mild' kind, of uplinavnl gbln'R.on stinco it became known that tho ruling cltib.'wnn Boins to ranko a special attempt ta stamp out, pony rncinc. Tho alterations aro nioir important to those specially concerned, and of intoreut, to all who patronise ihw Turf in New South ?\ynlcs. Even perscms ad dicted to pony racliiRnro quite prertvrod to aereo that, for years there has boon too much of it. Vv'bon nvory proprietary club is a law unto Itself, the .gamo is bounds. to he overdone. As many meetings aro aure to bo hold as aro found to pay, regarii'less pt whether there Is damaging over-rii'ilng or not, and this has brought 'about ttK pre sent crisis. There aro few who woviid ab solutely prohibit a few prbporly cocrluctod pony mcotings, hut it is tho wotul .excess of tho business that does so much harm, not only to sport, but to the morals of tho community. Tho creation of a claoB that soe'k to livo on racini;, in very dcublfut and devious ways, Is porhaps the mct.-L ro greltablo feature from a moral stunctpoint, and if it can bo successfully dish.indtid, anil scattered, such a cor.hummalion is certainly desirable. Of course, critics ot the cslistiu;; st.-itoof things go sometimes beyond fair reasoning in .denouncing tho way '.pony raciiis has been conducted. Those o.unliflcd to know hest aro. per fectly aware that the management of most ot it will compare with the way reglt: ored meetings have been supervised. As much notice of roping and palpably inccirrcct performances, for instance, Is. laker* on some of the pony tracks as at Itanctwick or elsowhoro, which mny.be' taken to mean that the supervision nt Randwick nml. .on metropolitan courses leaves room for: im provement. It certainly does, as was Taint ed out very plainly by.' Mr. Toeco at: the A.J.C. . annual mooting- last week. |That gentleman advised the stewards to bo inoro wal-chful and attentivo to their duties, and every member ot tho club who listened to him knew very well that ho had taken lip firm ground, though it did not mum: well. . Still, hard facts have to he faced.-^and though Mr. yv. P. Crick ; took an opposite vlow, we know very well that, on i tho merits, the scathing criticism ot Mr. l!'eceo was not out of place. A Uttlo plain 8r.i3a.k ing generally, clears the air, and it is .v,-ell that independent critics outside the ouaicrr. should spenh tholr minds In a fair w:iy If they sec (it. II Is open to question whu her the new rules put forward by. the . (Uim mlttoo and approved by members will ftrave (he salutary and desired effect which is supposed. Personally, I do -not think they will,' but a move In the riglit direction .has boon made, and a great denl will dei.omJ upon tho mannor of administration. Very properly the: committee decided not to draw 'distinctions by. cloning, up'' two courses used tor pony racing because I3ioy had tho power, whilst loaving other course* free to race ponio3 over which they 1e-.vo no power. All arc on ono level, and the hope is rdliod on that tho now order ' of; things will work out the suppression of the pony business In time. Much moro'le nnito results will follow from the passing of the Totalizator, It It Is destined to ,'bo made lav.1 In New South Wales, and II: Is considered theie is a fair pioipoct ot Hie machine being installed very. soon. ^ ',; iMcanwhile, It is noticeable that there 'is uii Inclination on the part or Tr.ttcrs.alJ;* Club to support and assist the ruling clii!- In seeing that there Is no evasion, of tltoi now, rules as far as the actions of o\vne:is. trainers, or bookmakers aro concerned. And it 1-1 further said that members c£ City Tattei'saH's Club, dro 'expected .to tifll. into lino also. If so. the outlook for po.xy nielng clubs -would not seem to be too rosy. This tho futuio vill reveal. Tlu^ time Is sotting short, however, for cU-- elalvn notion in drawing the now lino whic3i is to arise as a barrier between registorett and linroKlstored racing in tho metropoli tan district. ; Bight di'iy3 from date sld o:^ will havo to bo taken by ownors, trainers, Jockeys, and bnokniakors: Thoso who arc licensed by tho A.J.C. will have to strictly confine themselves: to the registered meetings, and thoso out side that category may, of course, take^ parti in the unregistered meetings without, any.liopo of assisting In the other 'branch. Whatever Is the ultlmato result, there will! be a largo number of applications from jockeys and tininrrs to bo licensed, and a number of galloways will ho nominated. Afterwards lots 'of them will drift away, 03prr!al!y t!:o eal.loways, v,hon they are found to be nol rjulto good enough. In tho Interim, tho A.J.C. committee and its offl olals will ho Itoptivcry busy getting ovory thlng In good order. There are, rumors of two pony : courses Riving up tho ghost, but at least a couplo will not drop out ot tho calondar for some tlmo, and probably throo will remain In activo operation. All trainers of horses will havo to be licomed, excepting ownors who train for themselves. Tho new rules aro published to-day in another part of tills paper, and may bo studied by anyone Interested. A saving clauae is permitted in the else of owners who leaso horses for racing purposes, protecting them ,'frnm,-lho actions of lessees who manago to race them at unregistered meetings without break ing thoir leases legally, which, o£ course, is only, fair. Ono clauso of the now rules rolating to trainers mot with unsuccessful opposition at tho mooting. ; It was Clause B, giving power' to the committee to refuse or re voke licenses' without assigning any rea son therefor. The discussion had no ef fect boyond imbuing cbmralttoomon with tho .evident disposition of many members that impartial and strictly fair treatment should bo givtn to trainers against whom action was thought necessary.' Such dran tlc and Imperious action as tho .rule lays down was referred to. as possibly 'inter- fering with the liberty bt'the cubject, &c;,' but in almost ovory legal or 'other rule this power is involved, and members saw there was nothing for it but to leave. tho committee with a free hand and unlimited powers,' trusting to them to use 'it wisely. I do not suspect, the bookmakers of sueh a desire to break the now rules as sotno people suppose. Ono reason is that tow ot them have any wish to trouble about tho pony meetings,', for the very good reason that they have tried them, and found that latterly they are not as good as they w'oro from a business point, of vlow. A now ro gulation, passed at the Instance of Mr. S. R. Kennedy, Is troubling a number of ow ners very much, and also the proprietary clubs. On the top of baing made to find £.100 per day slako money, they seo that tho compulsory sworp3tako of 2 por cent, on tho value ot the prize means fewer en tries. The regulation.' is all injavor of more genuine, competition, aud, therefore, is in the interest of sport. But when a man wants to run his horse into condition by racing it publicly, ho will: find that lino more expensive than it was. Ho will be compelled lo put up his sweepstake some times, knowing that ho. 'has. no. cunnce— and possibly no desire either — to try and .win;.' Running weight off will become more, expensive, ? too, and consequently a certain clnss of bwnor is much troubled. '.There are so many men. racing who really aro dependent on successful1 results that tho extra expenso will ooroly trouble thom. But the regulation commended itself : on higher grounds .lo the membors who woro present when it was passed. Which reminds me that though tho meet ing started with a gathering of about 1G0, only about '.40 wero present when Mr. Ken nedy got his ' new regulation through' so successfully.' The. same owner, who regu larly has his say at Iho annual meetings, was very severe on. the club's arrangomonla tor catering In different departments.: Ho had a gnod ease, as evidenced by the chair man's' promiso that. when. existing, arrange ment!) 'could ho revised the necessary im provement would be brought about. Mr. Konncdy wns also successful In..' .having brush hurdles abolished, and the suburban clubs will have to adopt open hurdles in future, which I am not suro will be any particular advantage in tho long run, ex cepting that horses will get accustomed to one kind of obstacles only. A lot of good work wasd'one at the meet ing, which was porhaps the most impor tant gathering' of. A.J.C. members over held. When racing in the metropolitan district is fully attended : to, however, there will he sebpo for looking in lo tho way some nt the country meetings aro managed. The picnic and unndvcrtlscd mcotings will neefi attention, both in the matter of stakes given and management. Present arrango ?monts leave a wldo margin of. interpreta tion for 'a picnic meeting,' for- Instance, and there Vis room for skilled advice . In Bomo of the details. All this will tend to makb the work of honorary committeo mbnheavier, but if thoy are to ho thorough and enthusiastic, for the ..welfare :ot ' tho Turf, they must not shrink from the ne rcssary labor or shirk (he responsibilities. It iuny bo that under'that particular head ing tho pony racing department escaped ;in tho past from their grasp. THE TOTAMSATOR. It. maybe (hat before very- long the Tota llsator will bo installed in both Victoria and Now. South Wales. I Interpret the signs of the times lo mean that the machine. is rather growing in favor with racing men, and (ho continuous dirge about over- ruclng may havo tho cftocl of winning Members of Parliament over to Iho. cnusclnrtho hope that tho machine will act In' thp dlroelion of reducing It. Opinlous In Vlclorl'a differ as. to Iho prospects, hut II looks as though a victory will bo scored this time by the supporters of the machine. Tho last at tempt to legalise it va3 a'fallurc, but there sccnir, to bo more support for the proscnt Bill. The first reading caused a lively de bate last 'week, and the second rcmdlng of thn Hill has been made an order for November !i in the Victorian Parliament. Until Hicn operations aro suspended, ex cept lug 'that , I hero will he efforts to In lluonco votes in the House. .The V.H.O. Spring Mooting will he oicr when the nub jret comes up agnln. lu New South Walcn a Totalisator Bill wps before the Lower House last ncinfon. Another one in to be Introduced within a wook'or tv,o In the Legislative Council. I hear Mr. Pilchor will havo it in hand, and thntigh it may not bo a (iovornment inropurc tho chanccivaro It will meet wi.',b Iho support of inembern of the Cabinet. At (he A.J.C. annu.il mrctiiiR (he com-' mlttpe Ka^e out that thi-y desired lo sine tho Tot alba lor Bill introduced by the ficj vernmenl, and it may bo that some under standing has been arrived at. Messrs. .1. II.' Want (a member of the Ministry) and Pilchrr aro lion, rminccl to Ibo A.J.C. nml thouph there may benumbing in this. if. may ho roaoonahln to-asnun-p that fiovcrn menl asslstnnco will bo forthcoming. Like 'tho V.R:C, Committee, (ho. A.J.C. governing body favors Iho machine, and tho Bill which Mr. Pilchor will brlug for ward will, no: doubt embody tho vlown of (he ruling authority as to details. Tho chairman ot tho A.J.C. is a member of tho Council, aud he, as well as other sport Ing authorities in that chamber, will r.irry a lot of weight at tho right time. Within a. very short tlmo, therefore, the prelimin ary stages of a Bill for Now South Wales may ho reported. What tho A.J.C. Com mittee havo. begun by tho making ot now rules to suppress unregistered rndlns thoy may .bo able to follow on. through tho in strumentality of tho Tolalisator. and doubtless its potency is not underesti mated. ' Tho Adolaldo Grand National Meeting was concluded on Saturday, when the Steeplechase was won by Happy Jack, who carried list 41b. As tho dividend in thp Totalisator was .C' 153 tho horse was toirly well' backed. Tho stake givon by the A.K.C. \sas 5(10 povs, but Intercolonial horses were not attracted. This is tho last- of the 'Na- tionals' in the different colonies, and those jumpers v,ho aro not lo be pouuded along during tho Summer mav soon bo indulged In a, spell, and brought up again before next Winter. On Saturday last there was also racing at Flemington, ivhero Dream land showed n bit of form. Over a lnllo and a halt In tho August Handicap ho ran La Carabine, -who started an equal favo rlto, a dend-hcat. In tho run-oft ho beat tho mare by a neck, which is not a remark able performance considering ho was in re ceipt of 31b. The Chevalier, Carbinier, and Manfred wore engaged, but tho dead heater1; disposed of them very comfortably, form which will havo .to bo changed when November conies round if the St. Albana horse Is to win the few thousands for which ho has already been backed. He would, of course, be something above him self. Among the Flomlngton, winners was Caledonia, a brother to North British, who is also owned by Mr. T. Q. Muir. Tho V.R.C. Committee has given effect to the wish of the members in raising the salary paid to the , starter at Flemington. Considering that Mr. .Watson has done plenty of honorary work in his timc,-thfc club might well' have attended to the matter before. : The argument put forward that the barrier obviates the necessity for an expert startor was a very bad one. When a 'club finds an honorable man who Is above suspicion, and docs his work successfully, itls very bad form to offer, him miserable fees. ' It almost deserves to get an ofllclni of another kind. The. V.r;C. judgo also came in for increased remuneration.' which is as it should be, considering the .impor tance of the position. .,-, The A.J.C. Com mittee may find it. advisnblo to take somo similar steps at the end ot thi3 year, but if so, they aro tho mon to do it ''.ungrudg ingly. It is right that positions of trust and responsibility, which call for skill and judgment also, should carry liberal reward. Some peoplb wonder why tho A.J.C. judge, its. starter, and other officials, have cou doscondod to act for'tho pony clubs, but the fact is, they. got a considerably better an nual income, from their official connection with these Institutions than for the ser vices thoy render to the premier club. Of ficials so noting for the pony clubs aro to ho ajlo.wed to conclude their present agreements, current until the end ot ]3c combor, ;aftor which; (hoy. will bo called upon to sevor connection with ono or other class of racing. MOOREFIBLD. One of the best . meetings held on the Mooreficld course for some time, so far as public patronage is concerned, was that ot S.ituidnv last, when In both the leserves there were good crowds. A fino day. may h.ivo had something to do with it also, or, porhaps, an unusually largo entry gave a promise of lively contoats. . The racing proved very difficult for hackers to suo cossfully speculate upon, .which was shown In the fact Hint four of the winners started at, 10 to U The rihgnicn had a rnro good limb, finishing up with very substantial profits at tho end of I he day. ' Cravat, who is oiigngod in tho Metropo litan, won' the - principal event, but. strange though it may. appear, ho was one of the least fancied of tho 10 startera. I bellove IB -to 1 was laid, .'against htm, though a few small investment!; brought him to 10 to 1 at tho closo of betting. Ho looked well onough':for i'nnything, but; his bad ho haviour at Rnndwlck had evidently cured backers of aiiy- desire, to trust him.' Ills trainer, W. Duggan, did, not exhibit any. confidence either, and was lather curious to seo how he would perform. Tho Cap tain ruled nsfavorltc until a: commission came for Linda, When tho two wero in equal demand. The Ciiptuin ran well up in Blue Motnl'K race at- Randwick, and, on form, ought to have been first or second, hut ho put In ono of his hnd performances, and, was 'n'qyor in It. 'Linda was not good enough eitlior. Neither was Welbeck, from Alison's stable, thoiich:ho was backed, and hurt some of that trainer's polish on. Cro mabop'Wiis ouo of the -fittest horses that ran. ,but after loading Into Iho straight lie was done .with.'; .It. was' noticeable, hnlf a mile from home,! thai Cravat, lying fourth, had takon hold of tho hit, and was gallop ing kindly behind Linda .and Coal Queen, who wero nllowing thp; tiring Tologrnph to load thorn up tho hill. Crnvat easily beat them In .tlio straight, and probably will win back somo of his admirers for tho Metropolitan,', for ?'which ho1' has not In ctiired any penalty. No;loss than 15 horses, went to the post, in thn Brush Uurdlo' Race, hut sonic of them mndp a very poor showing. Klvo or six wprp lucked, Riivi-n, Capo 1'igpon, nnil Messenger morn' purl ta'ulnrly. Ulver wjih In front, i|iost:of' the way, but ho had dip clof-e company or Mpr.senper in (ho bitit hnlf-mllo. In Ihp strnlghl Mensongrr drew away, and then had to answer a -iinllengo from R.' O'Connor's candidate, Zoroitslor. Diver wan veil up, with thp rpmnlnliiR dozen badly bentp.n.. Lotho illd not per form up to expectation, and the rider of Algerian II. appeared lo hp always In trouble.1' Tliero will bo' no more brush hurdles under the' now regulations, hut it seems Impnssiblo ,(ogol thn.sn hurdle raco nplds tORolhpr in the handlcnppini;. Bridegroom, ? trained ? by ,1. . Pnb'arin nt Randwlrk, had . dhnwn a Kmart giillop on (ho Inii'k, and thprp was plpnly nf mnnrr for him as tun as hrttinp iipnicd. Kyle and Fnu-d°-Jole wprp aUn vrll hnrkoil. and four others wore In the betting. Thorn wpre 17 Martprc. b|il 'when the harrier rbpn BHdoKrop'ni hopped off at such a 'pai'P that lie was soon a couplo nf lengths clear. Thin advantage hp.'.k,ept, pursued by Ths Sins into the utraight, and then he come away enoily enough, and won comfortably. Bridegroom is by Russloy, and showed plenty of pace. Fo'u-do-Jolo never sot noar him till tho race wna oveK Sho wns thon coming with n.raltloi and It may bo that her Epsom prospects are not -neces- sarily forlorn. Wollogorang ran so badly on his last ap pearance' In the two-year-old ranks thut he wna nol looked upon with favor when the winner ot tho Kog.irah Stakes wan belli!; looked for. Ch,ika wns mndo a great ,fnvotito for this' 'rare, (Mataklmio and ?Nevermore being the oiily others fanclod. Thera wan a veryr'blR ? Held. ; and when Chaka led ort with a smart ' clanli bin back ets were on very j:ood tprma «Ilh them Hohoj. Chnk.'i. honrver. pntored out in short order .when ho got : to; thn.'. turn; loav liiK I'nlry Prlnco in chnrnc. WollognranK got up nt the dit.tanrr. and finishing up well, 'von nicely for T. M'Uarlhy. lie was bred by Mr. Clilsliolm, and i:i by Lord ?Diiiirloora. Nnvcrmoro might hiivo.iihnut won, but for bclns in a very bad position, nnd.hiivlnE (o nmUoiip a lol of ground. Kor noriio rpiison.' or other Oarldnle, by Carlyon from Queonsdnle, was made a very strong order for the AYpIIt Handicap. Backers I umblod over each other to get on, but. it turned out, a- bail 'Investment. Lady Trldont w.i» well barhed, an also was Ninepins. One ot the outside division was AV.it Tyler. Ninrpiua got well away, and soon after was, mined by CarldalP. The t\\\n were Incetbpr as fur as tho -straight, when CarldalP was done with, leaving Ninepins with tho rare apparently in hand. Wai Tyler, lying closo behind, made a mn In the straight, and. patching Ninepins, fought out an exciting finish, which ended in a dead heat. Jt was not lun on, 'a divi sion being agreed to. Ladv Trident had rather bad luck, being interfered with after gelling c«ny in a Rood position, and losing a lot of ground, ao that her third wan , meritorious. After running a hard raco earlier in tin: day; Nevormc.ro was not at all fancied for Iho Stewards' Mile, though a few stray pounds went on her. Why Prudence was made favorite is a-dlfficult question to an swer, considering she' has shown no form, but she figured at, I to I, Hhicklock, Dona Fide, L.idy Trident, and Manollcaux be ing all backed, qhaka, had another dash at, the front, but 'was. soon beaten by Wil lie. ? The gelding from Clarendon was .do ing, well In the straight, when Nevermore dashed up. and ran over. him. Her per fnnniince showed thiit with bettor luck In the other race she. v/ould have about won it. There was n hig field, but. not half of them were seriously in r.bmmiKslon. Tho death -of the English trainer, Mat thew Dawsoh, a f a ripo. ago, has been told Iiy Iho cable. Ho was a celebrated figure in English racing for very many years, fcul ot late has not t-ikon a very activo In terest in the profpssion wherein he made hims'olt famous. In his time ho has led in Iho winners of almost. every raco ot im portance run in ; England, and counted among his patrons. somo of the most not able men on tho Ttirt. Including; Lord Fal mouth, Lord Ilosohcrv. Lord Hastings, and Messrs. W. and D.'. Cooper., Ho was get ting towards SO when ho died, and declined :to. bother of lato. with. a largo, string. It was to Matthew 'Dnws'on that, tho liilo Mr. James White sent his Australian-bred can didates for the English Derby. Narollan and Kirkham. Ho could have commanded a string of horses of any extent he wish ed, and it is worthy of nbto that all through a successful career ho preserved a good name and high tppuinllon that must havo been well deserved, both as a skilful trainer and:ah honorable. man. -1 be lieve his record includes the Two Thousand Guineas fivb times, the. One Thousand Gui neas six times, the' Derby -six times, the Oaks six times, and iho St. Logor al\ times. A.J.C. SPRING ENTRIES. A total of 081 entries for the 21 racon which closed on Monday last at the A.J.C. office must bo cohsldorod very satisfactory, especially as, by comparison with tho (-20 made last year, there is a decided increase. There was a little support from the other colonies, Queensland and Victoria being i» presonlod. Paul Pry ,and (lie Derby can didate Lee Mettord are among the visltora to be expected. 'Hurdle,, Raco nominations are very satisfactory, and oven the Steeple chases havo filled better than usual, some of the hurdle rac'ors being made eligible. Some ot the popular handicaps have drawn very largo entries,' and nil through there is no shortage of racing material. At weight for age entries cannot he very numerous, but such horses as Merloolas,: Amborite, Paul Pry, The Grntter, Cocos, The Chief, Kitoware, Picture, Vivian. Miss West, aha several promising three-yoarrolds are in cluded. There is every prospect of a mo3i satisfactory meeting. ROSBHILL. Owing to the deferring of taking entries for the meeting to be, held at Rosohill on Saturday next, there, are no weights out y'ot. . The handicaps will bo declared b- Mr. Quinton this morning. The, meeting bids fair to turn but most interesting, es pecially as a splendid entry was made1 for all the events. Horses nominated include many engaged at the coming Spring, Meet ing of the A.J.C, and there are no stakes to bo won which will enable them to earn ponnltios. In the Roscblll Handicap, Tri color, Town Clock, Brazen Lad, P. N., Ren, Kitewaro, Picture, Oban, and Cravat arc ongaged, which' will lend interest to that particular event. EPSOM AND METROPOLITAN. Though there is very little doing over the Metropolitan in the way of bolting, tnc Epsom Handicap gets a good deal of atten tion from backers. During the week con siderable support has; boon given to both Oban and Kitewaro, both having the con fidence of the people moot concerned in thoso horses. There is every indication that Iho Epsom will b« a good betting race, and 1 am prepared to find fifteen or twenty horses ' well backed. No particular move has been made in favor of either 6iin ot Kolso's dangerous'.' candidates, though Tho 'Tola finds a few backers. Miss West, Johansen, Alemene, Feu-dc-Joie, Vlgor otfs, and Town Clock have all mct'wltn some support. A horse very consistently backed is Blue Metal, who executed a very, taking gallop yesterday morning, and looks like being hard to beat. At Tattersall'H Club there aro double books going, and fan business is being done by the -bookmakers. CUP SPECULATION. The offer of Mr. Oxeuham at Ta^ltersall's Club on Monday was 1000 to 50 bar ono for (lie Melbourne Cup or C.iullield Cur.. His l'avorlto is Wayfarer, a horse that' linn boeir well backed. In Melbourne Cup busi ness Is reported as livening up. Majestic, the SI. Alhans candidate, is still running Wayfarer clono in the Caullleld quotations, and Ileka and : Dreamland tind hnckorc. Uoimdil is being .hacked with fancied horsci for the Melbourne Cup in tlio Derby aim Cup' double, and* George Frederick is not forgotten for cither event; - Manfred,' Cor- dite, Cocos, Walt a Bit, Clarion, mid Mer loolnn aro In demand In /different ' combina- tions, whilst Merloolas and 'Manfred rule ns favorites for tho big race.. I have, found by inquiry from some of tho principal lay ors' that Iho following 'doubles 'have boon written for largo amounts, viz.; Marus:i with Morloolns, Cleorgo Frederick. and.Mu rata; Spencer with 'War Clod, Walt a Bit, and Gporgo s Frederick; Rokn, with .The Grafter, Merloolas, and Wayfarer; Majes tic with. Manfred, Amberlle, and Mcrloo Ins; The Musketeer with Miirata, Msuifred, and MbrlooliisjfThe Chiof with Tho fi ratter, 'Merloahin. nnd Wait a Hit; Princess or Walcn wli.li rcicusinliin. Spencer, nnd Mer looliiK.; Thunder Oiienu with fiardamnn, Mlousinian, and .Spencer: VeiiHda witn Morloolas. Wnlt. a, lilt, and Lo/Var; Wny fnrer with MnrlonlnH. Murala, Cnrhlnnor, George l''roderli:k nnd Cliiiinii with Walt ?i-BII mid lipnrgp Fmlorlfk. ? 