CHAErTrt LXII.- STORY OF CRIME. lTe-qhost made noxomment, but sll e' Herit,; who, after a.'pause;'as loush memor?es of a cruel past had nearly.mnastered'hini, resumed his:nar -rative. "I was sentenced to be hanged, and iit o y noble wife shoald hav died dhfthe 'gallows ' ;t?te- atle fr ?,?as killed the day I was sentenced by belingithrowln from his horse, and it was found that-ll had.left her a snug fortune in bank deposits. This she determined to use in my be half: so that she left home with our children, and going to alexico, purchased a little homne there. "Leaving her children In good hands. armred with ample funds, and in dis guise. she returned to the town where I was in prison awaiting my day of doom, and a'few hundred dollars propefly dis tributed opened the way for my escape. "Hier, plans had been most cleverly formed, and in a thorough disguise I fled with her to the West, and then down in to Mexico. We lived there for several years, and I made money; but one day I met a man from our old home, and I feared being shadowed, so we sold out for our property had become valuable and wentrto South America. "From there we visited Europe, dwell ing In France and Germany for a few years, our children all the while growing more bright and eleve r;in fact, they were regarded 6s prodlgles, as they had learned several languages fluently. were good musicians. and promised to be the joy of our lives. "But welonged for our own land, and after a while decided to risk all and return. We came back by way of San Franelsco. I bought a farm on-the border of the Indian country, and we ex pected to live and " die "there :in our happy.liome, for I had changed my name and had changed greatly in appearance in the twelve years that had gone by since my flight. "But, alas ! a couple of years after my sojourn there the Indians., that had often been troublesome, swept down upon my happy home, and my loving wife was shot down before my eyes, my children borne off Into captivity by the Indians, and I was wounded and left for dead. "But again I recovered, and, going to an army post to get aid to rescue my children, I was recognised, arrested as an escaped murderer, carried back to my old town, and once more the shadow of the gallows was upon me. But again I made my escape, this time by the aid of a friend who had never believtd me gullty, and I sailed from Boston in a ves sel bound for China. "It was some years before I again visited America, and I made my way to the West. Civilisation was pushing the Indians and lawlessness further towards the setting sun, and I followed in the hope of finding my captured children. "One night, in a frontier fort, I was called upon to hear. the dying confession of a soldier, as a witness. The soldier had been a hard character-had attemp ted to kill a young officer by the name of Hugh Seaford, and had been shot by him. Finding he was dying, the man wished to make a confession. "Imagine.my young friend, my aston ishment when I heard a cofeession of wrong to me. That dying man had been the hireling of my old rival and supposed friend, Prince Ashton. I heard him confess how he and Prince Ashton had played tramps and shot me down and robbed me, leaving me for dead. I heard him confess how he and Prince Ashton had planned to rob the bank and have me accused, and had arranged the plot to prove me guilty. They had murdered the watchman, and I was the sufferer. "I heard him confess hown they had tracked me to Mexico, he being the man I had seen there, yet did not dream had been my foe. I escaped then,and years after he had recognised my wife in a frontier village, had tracked her home, and the Indian raid had followed; for he was a spy for Prince Ashton, who was a renegade chief among the red skins. lIe also told how Prince Ashton had carried my children into captivity, and both my son and daughter had es caped from him, but what had become of them he did not know. 'That was all he confessed, except to say that Ashton was a renegade chief and-dwelt in these mountains. Then I made myself known by my true name, and the dying man recognised me. Armn ed with his confession and letters from the commandant I went East, and had the stain of robbery and murder remov ed from my name. This done, I came to hunt down Prince Ashton." (To be continued.) 