CURRENT TOPICS. The MUlthorpe' Progress Commit; has passed resolutions which should command the immediate attention of the Minister for Lands. It proposes some satisfactory deal ing with the very large areas of church and , school lands lying now uncultivated, and fast becoming worthless, about Millthorpe and Cai'coar and Orange. The method proposed is to arrive at a compromise with the pastoral tenants now holding these lands', whereby areas suitable for closer settlement might, be secured to them on Improvement lenses, so that the work of clearing aiid grubbing might be carried out, and the land fitted for occupa tion by-and-bye. This method, it Is said, was proposed by the Minister for Education In 1801 and 1895. -AH that can be said, In the ab sence of full information, Is that it Is worth considering. The land unquestionably should be brought into use, and this proposed method . may bq the best that can be suggested. But" whatsis, to prevent the lands being thrown open for direct and Immediate settlement? . "The Minister for Labour admitted - that the facts were as stated." And the state ment was that hear 3000 men are employed, just how in scaling Iron ratlings. To put . It another way, 3000 men are qualifying them selves for a; Christmas box which will dip into the Treasury to the tune of fully £10,000. The men make a shockingly bad advertise ment for us, fringing all the eastern side of Macquarle-street. Old' residents say they have seen nothing like It since the days when the folks- we do not care to talk about used toclank out of , the old barracks opposite the churoh and get to their labour on the roads. Nobtidy grudges them their chance to earn a trifle, but surely eyery one of them'ought to- be a living sermon against the policy which brings such conditions about. And let no man In any way blame the drought for their presence lri Sydney. The melancholy truth Is that owing to the tremendous lot of . work the drought makes, In picking dead wool, skinning dead sheep, .looping boughs, and- clcaning tanks, employment In the bush Id far more plentiful than Is usual at this time of the year. _ Mw Held seems at last to have awakened to the knowledge that , many civil servants are disgusted and dismayed by the adminis tration of the Superannuation Fund. We are glad, indeed, that our remarks of yesterday on this subject have had an enlivening effect upon the Premier, who now promises that, If any considerable number of civil servants desire to retire from the fund, he will intro duce the necosBary legislation." The civil servants would, however, like his assurance that, if they do retire, the amounts due to them will be paid now, when they want money and can use it, and not when they are dead, a crisis at wlilch lucre will have ceased to Interest them. So close a watch did the House last night keep on the expenditure of 4he colony that the sum of £114,683 for charitable Institutions was passed with only one objection. i,Mr. Affleck objected to the Church of England Chapl&ln; at Parramatta receiving £50. One man had a fas and took the opportunity to air It, .A hundred representatives of the people were faced by serious obligations, but let them pass without a murmuY, - The Tyson carcase was responsible yester day for a- marvellous gathering of the' vul tures. Five arid forty ivlgs, gowns, and blue ibags about th'e 'tdblei- ltlie one half gloating, the other hungering. 'And' if ;the ghost , of the old man had any; knowledge of mundane' affairs It could surely, have suggested to' ano ther Dante another cycle in the Inferno. If Mr. Coghlan , should ; ever again, visit London his - hrst! business, ought to be;, with Messrs, Gilbert and.Sulllyan.' He Is, the cen tre of complications, real, or- . Imaginary, which,, utilised In their peculiar vein,, might give ' us j another Mikado, and In Western guise. For the question must, very seriously trouble Mri ' Coghlan at times us to who he is, or/ wlitit .he is. or what .he nifty be. If, as a member 'of the Public Service Board, he Is required to" sit. on himself as Government Statist, who, .will be the culprit, and who the judge. Arid If, through any unhappy train of circumstances, the Major-General, say, and the Agent-General, and the Chief Com missioner fori Railways should vacate their positions slmultan'eously, how should he choose between the' mhny positions, rind who could possibly fill that one he might vacate? By his_ Ministerial friends the worthy gentle man' Is riot permitted to doubt, .not only that lie Is tiie one solo Admirable Crlchtou of the continent, but that a position once held by him can never be 'adequately tilled by any other. . Sailors have a , habit of comparing tlie too zealous to something they style a "Portu- gcose>deyji,'i and;of afllrmifig that, when the latter is good, he Is "too gdod." : They might: possibly Include. in this category, the too effu sive member of. Parliament who recently drew a horrifying picture of. the. condition. of af fairs at- Goodoogn.- Judging by . that lurid sketch 'GOodpoga was plague stricken; ty phoid and carts of tlie ' dead stalked the streets, and the dingo howled in Goodoogals . judgment halls; the local doctor -was -down With the fell malady, and the surviving In habitants stretched Imploring hands in the direction' .where tlie Premier's monocle was supposed to slumber, crying, "Help! or tve perish," Inquiries, however, reveal that Goo, dooga Is very much all right, has no typhoid cases out of. the hospital, only lis normal al lowance of. dingoes, and an: exceedingly alive and quite independent doctor— the reduction of pnthos to bathos! .Mr. Borchgrevink, the. great Antarctic ex plorer that' fs to be,' has placed a wreath upon the Btatue of Sir Joliri Franklin at Hobnrt, and, jn the Interests of Antarctic discovery, was to leave this morning for the Great South. Whether the late Sir John Franklin will de rive any ' satisfaction from Borchgrevink' s wrieath we are -unable to say, but doubtless the statue was decorated as a sign and symbol that Mr. Borchgrevink had admitted himself Into ithe Society of Discoverers, of which Frankllu'was so magnificent a representative. Whether the rest of the world will admit Mr. Borchgrevlnk's claim will largely depend upon what he does In southern' waters. But for some cause. or, other, neither enthusiasm nor expectation run very high over the ' whole business. Mr. Reld's ready wit never came to his service jribre aptly than in connection with the debate on the Agent-General's' salary last night.' Mr. Suttor suggested that as federa tion must'be accomplished wl-thln a year the question of an appointment just now was minimised: 'as .to importance, and by no means urgent. The.Premler rose to the opportuity In splendid form. That was the cause of the long delay, that .wns the reason why it was difficult to obtain the services of a gentleman fit at all points to perform, the duties of the office. He could not'ask any man responsibly placed here, to transplant himself to England for so brief a period- as -a single year. The reply seemed to satisfy the majority, though it . was murmured in. out of the way corners thnt until Mr. Suttor had ' spoken' such an idea had never entered the Premier's head. The faut that an alarming fuss Is being made In England — owing to "that Idiosyncrasy ot the English "lower orders" which leads them to prefer the far- off chance of smallpox for thelr children to the almost certainty of Inoculation with the germs of scrofula, or Borne malady equally unpleasant — points to the probability of a large number of English doctors being hard up. For sonic years now Englandi 'has been "beastly healthy." There lias-lf we except influenza, been no good rousing epidemic, for. quite a time; the bubonic plague has treated the shores ot Albion with contejnpt, and stopped, away, while Asiatic cholera has never got nearer, ""to any. extent, for half a century, than Hamburg. ' It has,;. therefore, pro bably become necessary, from the profes sional point of view, to give the, English a scare. Hence the prediction of a /.coming "great epidemic" of smallpox. Doctors out of work are swinging that pendulum. Some people are anxlouB to see Sir Frederick Darley, C.J., occupy the gubernatorial sear, at any rate' until federation Is "au fait accom pli." And why not, indeed? True, a Duke is "In . the air" — a Duke with- a . manufacturing title — but' what profits dukes who do not know us .and care for us' less,- save as ';o means to their own ends? . Sir Frederick Darley ds of us, ours; he knows us, Is a man of 'the world, holds universal regard, and. is a Governor of whom any State might be proud. And in saying this we do not cast the slightest re flection upon the present, or upon any previ ous holder of the 'exalted office, or upon any English DukerGovcmor "in uublbus." , By 'rill means let us sample an Australian Go-i vernor! But Mr. Hold says he cannot go so- far as that. . ' ' Franoej haying backed down before Great Brltialn'on the Faslioda question, seems In clined to change the venue to China. Thus we have Sir Claude Macdonald,' the British Ambassador in China, pretesting against any further extension of the French concession at Shanghai. Those acquainted with Shang hai will wonder whether it is geographically possible to extend the French concession there. There are three concessions— French, English, and American. They are all fronted by the river. The French concession (near est to the city, of Shanghai) Is bounded, on one side by the city wall, In rear by the wall, and, on the other side by the English conces sion, which Is sandwiched between the French and American — the latter being nearest to "Woosung. How France can add to her ground, without robbing either the city or the English concession It is Impossible to soy. . The war scare or war fever seems to be tem porarily over In England; overtime tit : the dockyards has ceased, and the first watches in the Channel Squadron have been granted 10 days' liberty, in which 4o ent tholr Christ mas dinners. Looking back, the whole busi ness seems to have been a monster game of three-card brag or bluff, in which England not only held the better cards, but showed the bet ter staying power. France- never had the backbone either to out-brag or to "pay to Bee" England's cards. Meanwhile, those Pow- ers have succeeded In niaklng t).ie rest of the world feel drearily uncomfortable.' Tlie next war scare will probably arrive about the time of the May meetings In London, when the Russian bear will growl and the .Gallic cock crow In unison; , "Maiden Tribute of Modern .Babylon " and "Revjew of Reviews" W. T. Stead denies that the "International Disarmament Conference has bpen postponed. He has special infor- 'niation.'and is organising an Anglo-American Association In support of, the Czar's proposals. JYe might feel more confidence in Mr. Stead's association if we knew "precisely what spooks, astrologers, astral bodies, and other proper ties of similar character were assisting. Steacl has bCen ri lorig timequlet— for him— and the announcement of his "special Information" seems to point' to the strong probability that he ha Just .unearthed some special and peaceful spook (perhaps that of- the First Napoleon), who lias promised to assist fa procuring universal peace and 'disarmament, it is Just the kind of thing the "Martjrr of St. Helena" would go In for. . - " Some slight, but it Is to be feared spasmo dic, attention Is once ngnin' being directed le the subject of supplying free' public amuse ments to the people of Sydney— to that large class who have little or no money to, spnre'on ocean and other cheap trips,' and who h) large measure are chained to dusty; dirty Sydney Itself, day after, day, and. night aftet night, blow hot or blow cold. Music, bright lights, some central plrice where i,„cy could, without fear from pushes, 'take their littlo ones, and sit in peace, these, with comfort able free- seats thrown In, are the simple requisites needed to brighten many thousand lives— the lives, oiltliq People, who, directly, nnd. Indirectly, pay for the cost of Govern ments and Gpvernors, of public parks, and all the rest of lly but who, occupied In hard work during the whqletday, get little or nothing in return for their contributions to me State. Here, then, Is a worthy field for mc efforts and energies of our rich men — free, popular recreation on warm nights for the People! Again the wall is heard in the local papers touching . the manner In which the rubbish of Sydney Is disposed of, or not disposed of. Dirt has been defined as" "matter In the wrong place," and there apparently It Is where most of Sydney's rubbish rirrlves. A cor respondent complains that, though, when the rubbish is being carted . to the tips, it is covered, on Its arrival at its destination It is blown all about the district, disseminating filth and disease. As has been repeatedly pointed out in these columns, the whole me thod of collecting, to say nothing of dispos ing, of refuse Is clumsy, antiquated, and In effective In the extreme. . New York, some two or three years ago, before Tammany re gained office and .squelched municipal re form, gave us a valuable object- lesson in the whole art of street-cleaning. There is plenty of time to act on the valuable lesson then learnt. The subject which Is perplexing Mr. M'MUi lan lias fogged- wiser heads than his. To pay, or not to pay, our legislators Is one of those perplexing problems concerning which a deal may be said on cither side, and yet neithef side be right. As Harold Brydges once point ed out, the citizen who wants to control his own actions, nnd to have his country honest ly, governed, Is in a strunge dilemma. If he pays his legislators a salary his Assembly is soon over-run \vith unsuccessful business men, pettifogging lawyers; nnd half-educated failures of rill descriptions, who cheat and pilfer him until he is distracted. If, on the other hand, he does not pay his legislators, he is over-run by men who have made a for tune in business, and now enter political life to carry out some theory of government, evolved in the counting-house; and by these his constitution Is ever being patched up and tinkered, or his actions controlled, until ho Ib swathed In red tape, just as' an Indian papoose Is bourid' in bark. : Apropos of the question, Talleyrand wns once discussing .this riultry subject with his King,, when the latter said; "I consider that the Senate should be filled with patriots who will freely give their services for nothing." "Oh, no, your Majesty," exclaimed the wit, "thai would be far too high a price to pay entirely. Better give them a fixed salary and then a part of them may go fairly straight— for politicians." Mr. M'Millnn should know that the wheels of the State conch here were never so lavishly "greased" as they were wl)en our ratrlots served tlielr country for 'nothing— that is, nothing In the way of a steady salary, at least. 