ABOVE E FER Y NAME. I liv G:-:k.->hom LtHKEXIiough. M.A.] " VVhereto e Cod also lnth hunlj exulted Him and „'i\en llnu a 1 a u« whitn u abo\e even name tnat in the mnft of Jcsjs tserv knee shall bo v '—Phil. II , 0, 10 Wo aie ofteu told tint t'lere is nothing in a name. Sliake-jpe^ie baid it "Whit's in a name " 's'ukt.srearc s ud it n lun, ana therelore it is repeated in gtim earnest by all oi the iicopie who hv. e ueithei humor nor poetry. A name, the\ taj, nonlv marbitrary grouping Oi ktueic, a ineauingJetb sound. Yout call ii-,' o no cou at i!i, md does not ci inge tho fact ot what jou are nov. It does not in ike j ou a doubter to call jou Thomas >>o, 1)ippilj. And it aoe-. not mali.0 you a rock of faith to call \ ou Peter, or a beliowng dibciplp to call you .lohn i wish it aid ' It ib t' e man that ma'>.cs ih» n iwe, and not the name that makes the n>an, though in sundry phiases wo aie to'dwith an atr of authonta ti\ t- wisdom of the m m w ho is a bundle of h trd facta witnout i thiead ot sent'inent. \ud, of course it is all quite muifcputab'e—at le *ar, \<c icadtij idmit it to.. the sal eof peace I ne\traigue with-a m m of fact1-. What is the goon it onlj makes two equally foolish ptrsons angrj. And j et thete it. a sentimental side ot whuii, thank (jod, some of us pie 'wjik tncugh to see 'luo hag ib onlj a niece of i olor_cl bunting, plus a sentiment, hut foi fiat fl thousands of ruen ha\e died, d so v.oi Id jou Names are only meaningless sounds _»et tin \ aie among tne mightiest foiceb m the v oticf. 'lhey stand foi per oiil, tor great cutse , faiths, and pnncip'rs They bring id neitr t) - bo forgotten deens, tno letteia \<hicu com pose thcui a*c onh we U lom-i-, and con bonnntb, but tne thoughts whiph they suggest „re well nigh omnipotent. louk.iov m the political world narueo are often mightier than principles, -nd in social lile and liteiatx»re, morals, and lehgion they excrnse a w ell-nigh immeasurable influence'. 'I hp intellectual woild lor a long time divided itself into [ opposite camps by two names, bloody and lriesijtibi , winch built up kingdoms, swaved the world, and nude lnstorj. A name will stu up a crowd to tut! Usia'sm w hen all the per tuosn eness Oi cloqu' rco have failed. Men aie lucd and snudueJ l>\ names, thrilled, soothed, fabcmate d, carrird out ot t heui«c l\ e=,' if ted abo\ c themsehes, fired with heroism, inspired with /ei'. Tor a name mt-n will eonfiont danger, go tluough shipwreck, lace the king's wrath, enduie pasoti, the rack, scaftold, and stake. Yes, when you <-um up the forces which ha\o mado the w oild nii-ri h to get to its present bt igeyou hnd that Lames have had a foiemost, if not tl e toremo'-t, ,il ic^ Ana ^omethug of th.s—much ot thio—\as in the ano^tle'3 nnnd when he mote about tho Name which is above e\eiy n*1 lie The-.e v ords dcel ire an accom plished f ict, and they utter i gieatpiediction "bodhath highly e\ ilted Him once and foi eur. at the name of Jesus eveiy knee shall bow.' 1 v ant to °peak to you, if jou will allow me, about' the Js.un^, whit it was and is ana will be, aoout tin ime is a binding force, about the Xame . s our gi.md instillation. \ III l m 1LL11LLB.O And, fiist, we liava hare a ni.irvelloas pre dict on that is e\ei hastening to its fulfilment. Julgcd from the standpoint of that daj itw u> the mo^tastouncinf, improbablepredictiontnat v/a= e\ei uttered sa\eoue . "I, if I be lifted up fiom th< ei-hi, will diaw all me i unto Me ' 1 he man w ho w rote this was the w >-t f< '-tcinc; o! tlip jirophet":, as well as the gieatest ot the apostles. He saw tne whole future with cieai, wide embracing ejes; at leibt he iead the grmuebt pages in that yet unopened scroll of the future. He read the oi e i la^nihcent beuet which the centuries would slowiv ie'c d, bin which was then com plctely hidden hom tho eyes of men. At that j time the power of J tbub was quite unknown and j unfelt c.\c >pt bj a few hanafuls of obscure be-1 hc\i lb— piobably not one hundiedth part of the human lace had e\er heard it, and of those, the greater part had heaid it only to scoin ; it1 was too insignificant to be taken into the i world's calculition of foices Those who' thought thej were m iking histoiy, thinkers, j writers, statesmen, and soldiers, were either ignoiant of its exustdnce, or thoj- passed it by with contempt. Nay, the \eiy Christians in j those early centuries for home time were afraid to utter it in public They clothed it under a s> m'ool vhich t'nej adored and loved above every name. We find" m the catacombs of Rome, where the early Christians buried their dead, ruaely drawn heie and there the figure of a nsh It Aias the Christian bj mbol, they took the five initial letttia of the Greek words, "Jesus Chi at, Son of God, Saviour," and the letters spelt the Greek word Ichtbo% '• hsh," and they pac-ed that on fiom mouth to mouth as a tort of in iconic sign A'l the imtiated knew w'itt id meant It stood tor Jc->us, tlie mine ihev did not give out in public it was the most \ ulgar, abhorred and despised name m the world, and thev.orld at that day was linked with other great names th it seemed likely to endure for e\ or—CVesara and senatois and empuo builders, n imes th it were aeihed, for whom temnles were built, w hicli made millions of men bow in awe and e\en terror On, it must iiave seemed, and it) seemed indeed, the \ fry wildest of delusions co anticipate for this one name Jesus au exaltation so surpassing, a power outstrio ping all calculation and imagination, a pk>ee in men's hearts and a sway over their minas winch would fling all the influence and majesty of the C esars into utter littleness and oblivion. It might have been, and was thought, the merB dream of an enthusiast or th1 prattle of a fool "We are fools for Canst'a sake," said the men v. ho wrote it, and no wondei I feai if we nad been living tiien w c should hxve seen lunacj written upon the faces; and jet overjone knows now, thank God, i \ erj one knows now that the dream hath been fulfilled, not completely, not as it v<ill be, by any means but magnificently Leautitul, and to such an extern: that the greatest eflort of mind cm nardly take it in. You sometimes say it is haid to believe thab Jesus will one day be Master of all the world. You =ay it takes great faith l\ro, it took great faith m tli03e days. It lequiras no great faith, now, for the battle is half won. if Jesus Cnust doea not yet rule tna world, ilis hand upon it is far stronger than the hand of any othei. His force, indeed, is almost equal to the sum of all othei forces. His name exercises a charm, a magic, an irresistible fascination quite out ot compar'bon with all othei a. There are greas names ot distinguished and piominent livinsc men spoken and know n wherever the language goes; there are far more illu=t' lous names w hicli figure on the pages of history likeshming star3 alnid the darkness of the past—prophets and apostles, leformeis, founders of religion, world-movers, but it woald be rueie trifling, naj, an uttei profanation to compare them, to write those names alongside tins and weigh against Hia their moral influence. Why Ha overtops them all, as some alpine height looks down upon the little dust heaps at his feet' "W here the doe times ot Christ are least obeyed His moi il supremacy is acknowledged. Where His deity is denied the sublimity o! His nnna and cnaiacter is leeogmsed; where men deride His miracles they bow, and cannot help it, before His spiritual purity 2 and where men hold aloof from His cnurches they have a consciousness that " never man spake and never man lived like this Man." The p'ace which Jesus occupies in the world to day is be}ond all computation. The secret prrt which He plays m the world i movements and the mighty influence which He exerts upon the world's ideas defy all esti mate, and it would bo as easy to count the sand of the seashore as to count the pulses of hope and thought and endeavor and emotion which come fiom Him. Never before has He had so many workers, messengers, witnesses spreading His truth and holding up His be loved person to the ga/e of men. Nev ei be fore has Ho attracted so much reverential devotion and kindled so much impas sioned love. You talk about the ad vances, the wonderful advances which have been made 111 this present ccnturj. There 13 not one of them to compare with the unexampled advance ard expansion of the bavlours power in this century, bolu among the masses at home and abroad. Theie i^ not one known land—island or con tinent—'Where His name has not been sounded, not one tribe or race of men which has not vrelded to Him its tribute of converts; hardly a village in which His life and death stoiy h is not been told , and no moral darkne=s any where into which His Gospel has not shed at least some scattered beams And if you tell me that the number of Hia proteased adherents are still a minority com pired with the \aster number wno have not jet learnt to call linn Lord, I say—Yes, alas, m count of heads that to so, not m power and influence and the hold upon the future. Why, the Cnnshan nations—though they aie sometimes onlj called Christian—but the Christian n itions, and especially the Protectant nations, are last becoming the mighty, all influencing nations ot tne world. Inevitablj and slowly, nay rapidly, they aie bringing all the World under their influence, and then thoughts, and sentiments, and religious conceptions, and moral standards, and their spiritual ideals are fast moving to universal dominance. Not onlv by the mis sionary, but by a hundred other ways and instruments, some of which the Saviour might not sanction, but by all these ways and instru ments He is getting for Himself inevitably and irresistibly the mastery of the world. Theia is veiy muaic in the name—it is sweetness most ineffable. It heals like medicine and soothes likes like an anodyne; it allajs fevers, disperses tears, illumines despair; it imparts vigor, inspires courage, makes suffering patient, poverty beirable, and even death welcome. It brings with it a world of glad ness and hope: it transfigures common men and women, and lo! they aie heroes, samts, and marfcvis. It makes live worth living and death not dying; it is the Name wo all love best, the Name which we first-hta-c} rrom our mother's hps, and we nope it wi'l be the last upon our hps before the} close in the long silence, " the Name which God hath highly exalted above every name. ' TIIE ONLY POSSIBILITY OF UXTOX. Now in this adorable Name, lifted abovt every name, mark that there is one binding fores in the midst of the divided nations and peoples. It is slowly bringing the nations together, but I cannot dwell upoa it. Especially, it's the one and only possi bility of union and united labor in the Church of Christ. Names are mighty both in dividing men and in uniting them, but far mightier than uniting them, welding them into one man, making their hearts throb together as the heart of one. An aimy is consolidated by a name, and multitudes clasp hands in brotherhood under the magic of a name, Differences and disputes, class distinc tions and envies, moral and intellectual barriers, are swept aside like a filmy web by devotion to a Name, and this Name " is above every Name." Surely, my brethren, we are all feeling this—all Christians, at least —in that sense of unity which is taking masterful possession of us. Whence has it come V Surely it is because the Church has been of late persistently lifting the name into prc-eminence—I mean lifting it above every sect, party, school of thought, system, creed and creed makers, and theologies, even because the Church is feeling again, as in the apos tolic days, the transcendent power of the Name. It is because of that that there has come into every branch of the Church a pro found longing, a sigh like the groaning of a new creation—a deaire for oneness. The lift ing up of the Name and the longing for one ness are cause and effect; and that which ha3 produced the longing will inevitably bring about the grand realisation. Everything else, my friends, 1 think, divides. Creeds divide; the moment you formulate your beliefs you accentuate differences. Sacraments divide; alas, it should be so ! It is a melan choly thought that that last supper, which was given U3 as a memorial of love and pledge of brotherhood, has split the Church up into rents and chasms. Orders divide; it is in the very nature of orders to divide. They aro founded on caste and pride and privilege. Organisations divide, too. Theories of the Church divide. Eavorite teachers and leaders divide; the very Apostles divide, as they did in the Church of Corinth. The Catholic world says, "I am of Peter," and the Protestant says, "Iain of Paul," and the Unitarian world says, "I am of Apollos," or, maybe, of Jame3, and the dear Plymouth brother says, with great suavity, "Ibelong to none of you, I am of Christ." All these things divide; it is the Name only that unites. You get together a large number of Christians, gathered indiscriminately out of all the churches, and ask them what they think of Calvin and Luther, Wesley and Whitefield, Spurgeon and Pusey, what they think of priests, clergymen, ministers, baptism, and holy communion; what they think of the Athanasian Creed, the Thirty-nine Articles, the Westminster Con vention, the Shorter Catechism or any new Catechism. Ask them what they think of their own ordination, liturgies and ceremonies of the Church to which they belong, and you raise a perfect tumult of answers, as varied, and perhaps as angry as the voices of Bedlam. Then, if in tlie midst of all this, you say—"What think ye of Christ?" there will first be the hush of a great awe and a shamed silence, and then all voices will break forth in one glad harmonious confession. "He is the Way, the Truth, and the Life ; He is all and in all; He is the chief among ten thousand and the altogether lovely," and we shall be all one when we all realise that He is the End of all desire, the Crown of all hope, the Sum of all faith, the Centre and Soul of all worship, the one furnace fire of love, kindling love in all, the one adorable Being Whose Name is so far above every name, of sect and party, that to men tion them in the same breath is" an irreverence. We shall all be one indeed as soon as we make it the great object of our endeavor not to preserve and exhort our own function, phases, and dignities, not to push our views into prominence, not'even to multiply and magnify our own Churches; but to get His power felt, His will done, His healing and sal vation spread, His all-subduing love made manifest. Then will all our horiie mission work, and our foreign mission work, too, be rebaptised with the Holy Ghost, and with power when we have lifted His Name above everything else that we feel and hold dea* End put it where God hath exalted it—"above ; every name." , "j TUE ORAXD lX&PIR.YTlOX.; * , Now wo have here the grand inspiration that, vre need forour work, in the joy that the. 2\amt*, | the supremacy of whieli we are seeing to-day, j and our unquestioning' belief that it will get tor itself universal obcdience. Theie is all the I inspiration which the Church m-ads fur its J onward march in its lisrht with darkness and ; sit), and they are all the source ot piayera' and longing, eanitst labor, and self-1 sacrificing zeal. IMy biothrun, the Apostle has ' eurely told us here tlie seciet of his own magm-' ficeut devotion and sua twined L-neigy, and lie' has told us heie in brief the story of all iho^e who, with him, went foith for the Name's!! eake, as we read. To him to have the' Name was quite wonderful: it was more| than wonderful. It was unutterably dear, , a very sacrament of mystery and grata: it; made his heart beat whenever he liejul, it; it set hii lips nuhernv,- whenever he j eaw it; it wa§ written upon every fibre of his being, burnt in lotteis oi lire on, every thought and emotion ; it represented all j that he hoped for, all that made life worth ii\\-' ing, all possible joy heie and beyond the gra\e ; j is was so sweat,to utter it, so sweet to sound it, in the ears of others, to spread the savor of it; abroad, and to sea eyes gleaming as they iieaul j of it—the powe{- of the Name over htm and j them. Moreover, he believed, and all thoso j who labored with him believed, beyond a i doubt, beyond the whisper of a, fear, that this I Name would and must Ret to itself universal j power—"At,the name of Jesus eveiy kneei shall bow." -It was a profound conviction! embodied in that magnificent a-saeitiou tliatj sent all these men'out to their awful, lonely, i majestic, and appaiently unsuccessful conflict j ■with the world that steadied them in iailure | and charged them with indomitable pur pose and made their faces all aglow with, anticipated triumph. They were per fectly sure that everything would yield to this. Principalities and power.-, thrones and dominions, spiritual wickedness in hicrh places and in low places, suptrstitions and religions, and all moral and intellectual and material forces, would slowly yield to the j power of the cross and sway of the Name. ] These two thiners, the .sweetness of the Name j to them, and their conviction of its irresistible power in the ' world, made them preacher, workers, missionaries, made them foarles3, enthusiastic, fervent, untiring, persistent, and gave them their victory over the world. And, my brethien and sisters, we shall all share their sympathies and thoughts and pur pose and confidence, too, to the very full so far as wo have grasped, as the}" have done, the import of the Name. First, oh first, is it a power in yo jr own hearts? Do you believe it yourselves? How much is it to you'; Is it true as you often sing— Swept?r sounds than music knows, Charm me in Emanuel's name? Is it true as you often repeat— if or heart can sing-, i;or tongue can frame Nor can the memory find A iweetet sound than Thy blest Name, O Saviour of mankind ? Is it dearer to you than all the names of pomp and splendor and human ambition? la it dearer—I am afraid to ask it, yet it ought to be—than. mother, wife, and child ? Does it suggest to you all that is best in life and all 3"ou dare think about when this short life is over': Is it a name that you would willingly sutler for and rather die than deny? Would your memory lose its most precious treasure If this Name were "gone? .Would your hopes fail and sink out like some flickering lamp burnt down to its last,.drop of oil if this Name wsrp forgotten? " Would all the world grow suddenly, dark and something shoot thiougb your hearts as if they were about tu break if this Name were lost? Does it mean that to you? And it meaus all that to thousands. Then you will want to say not in rhetoric, but in sober seriousness, and not in passing gusts of emotion, but with au abiding pur pose, My gracious Saviour and my God, \- ., Assist me to proclaim, And 3pread'through all the earth abroad, The honor of Thy Xamc. And do you believe as the Apostle declared tcwre, and as the Apostles believed, because it would have been the utmost treachery to their Lord to doubt it, do you believe, as every devout Christian muat believe, that this Name will have unquestioned and absolute sovereignty and supremacy in this world, jbat it will no longer continue to divide the world as it does now with other forces—the forces of- darkness and sin and other masters, but will possess, as it already claims, the whole ? Do you believe that every other name, though revered and honored by millions now, will be lowered and swept aside and utterly forgotten that this may be all in all? tf you believe it—I will not insult your faith by saying "if'—you do believe it. l""or p/ho that' has any part in this Name can iver abate - -one jot of that mighty jope and assurance? You are false to His Divinity and' you make playthings of all His promises if you talk of that with bated breath ind whispered humbleness. Tour faith is only ,1 trembling apology if it fancies that other masters and other powers will continue for ever to divide' the world with your crucified and risen Lord. And your allegiance to Him is nob worth the breath that expresses it unless you claim for Him the coming mastery every heart and crown Him Lord of alL And if :you believe that then you will pray for:it. You will do something more, you will'labor to make your prayers effectual. You will speed it on, you will thank God for every aign. of its coming nearer, you •will have a profound interest in every assault made [upon that kingdom of darkness which girds around the kingdom of our Lord. You will need no'urgent and reiterated^ appeals such as are made at collection times and such as weary the man who has to make them to bring out >your measured and stinted sympathy and support. Your 'hearts will be filled of the saving compassion of Christ; von •will fee at least touched with the lire and fervor which sent the workers down into the slums of the city and the missionary out to his life of loneliness and cross- bearing, and you will have a live and large part in that grandest aim and object of every live church, the hope of the time when the Name shall have brought music to every heart as it has to yours, and where every knee shall bow.under the thrall of its subduing 1 mastery. 