ST. DUNSTAN'S CHURCH. CONFIRMATION SERVICE. At St. Dunstan's Church,' on Sundt'y eveuinjr lust,-His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne administered the rile.of confirmation to 26 persons. Prior to this service His Lordship delivered an address from the words —" Wlion thou saidst seek ye iny face, jmy heart said thy face will I seek." He punted out that it was service of the .heart that God needed end not merely service of the lips. Ho was pleaded to see so many who had come forward for confirmation, and lie hop*I lliey would recognise the solemn vows they were about to make. Tliey had been inbtrnctcd hy their minister as to their duties and no doubt tboy all wished to live better liveB, He- hoped that tliey, like the Psalmist of old, would Book God with their wholo heart, and grow up good men and' women. Only God knew their hearts. To their minister they might appear all that was good, but he knew nothing of tho hear!. The bishop then went on to speak; of the sin of procrastination" and pointed out that the Devil was always ready., with excuses in order to prevent puoplc from becoming Christians, In pliildliood . tho'y. were told that they' could put off being Ohiistians till middle age, anil, when,middle age came round tliey were told that it Would bo time enough when they were old; and few, said the 'bishop, who have reached old age care to embrace Christianity. He'expressed a hope that those about to be confirmed would attend carefully to their devotions and the holy scriptures daily, arid that they .would not neglect to attend tho church regularly. In coAclusion lie asked that all Christians present would give a helping hand to those who had received the blessing of the Holy Ghost through the laying on of liaudB, so that llioy might find their new path more smooth. The church was packed to its utmost capacity, and many were unable to gain admission; The eor ici throughout was a- most interesting one, and the rctnuilte of Bis Lordship were attentively, listened to.' The.customs revenue for the month of October proves to -have' been £29,303 in excess of the amount received during the corresponding month of last year. The gross revenue for the past month was £202,836, inclusive of £15,550 of excise boer .duty, ' The drawbabks amounted to £9378, 'leaving the net revenue £193,458 A light but .steady rain set in about midnight on -Wednesday last and continued Willi short intervals throughout the whole of the following day, Tho register for the full was half an inch. Tie fanners are delighted, feeling that -tho downpour will much improve tho grass and crops. Presunt indications aro in favor of a further downfall, : - 