STAGELAND. THEATRE ROYAL. (BV THE LYRE.) There has been such a storm of controversy raging for years as to the madness, feigned or otherwise, of the Prince of Denmark that "Hamlet" must be reckoned the play of all ages and all peoples. Every actor of note seems to have his own cenception of the character. Mr. Wilson Barrett is to be compli- mented upon his scholarly conception and if he departed from traditional readings even his bitterest detractors cannot lay to his charge that he has been guilty of imitation of any of his predecessors. In the scene with the ghost he is interesting indeed, and one could not mistake the reverence and powerful love of the memory of his deceased parent, quite in accordance with the text, which permeated the rendition throughout. Mr. Barrett is at his best in the scene with Ophelia, and in the closet scene with his mother, Queen Gertrude, in his pourtrayal of intense anguish when he thinks of the probable outcome of the unfortunate quietus of rash intrudingPolonius was masterly and artistic. In the mimic play with Rosencrantz vad Guildenstein, and in the churchyard with Laertes, Mr. Barrett failed to rise to the occassion. In his anxiety to act upon Shakespeare's advice not to tear passion to tatters he erred in the opposite direction. Miss Maud Jeffries as Ophelia was excellent, particularly in the mad scene. Miss Lillah McCarthy as Queen Gertrude was very charming and spoke her lines clearly and well, while Mr, Carter Edwards scored another un doubted and genuine success as King Claudius. Mr. Ambrose Man ning was excellent as the first grave digger and the second grave digger spoke his few lines splendidly. Mr Percyval as Laertes was good and did not overdo his part Mr. Irwin as ghost spoke his lines with clearness, his elocution being splendid. Mr. Horace Hodges, as Polonius, failed to impress in the famous advice tendered to Laertes, but in the dialogue with Hamlet, and the King and Queen, he was seen and heard to better advantage. The minor parts were ably filled. 