AN ANGEL OF INNOCENCE. —? — Chai'teb XXXVIII. Some men in Grantley Fitzaustrey's wounded state would have been thrown back to death's door by such a com-<*> munication as he had received from hie patron, isir Merle Adamant. It did not have that effect upon him. On the contrary, it seemed to stimulate his powers, and to enable him to con centrate his tnind to the task of effect ing hie recovery at the very earliest possible momeut. - One peculiar.yot not unnatural iisf- ? feet reeulted from his having been dis carded by Sir Merle Adamant. His arrogant, everbearing manner under went a striking chaugo. His tone be came subdued, and his bearing com : plasaut. Ho no longer made a request accompanied by a scarcoly suppressed curse, or looked upon those who minis tered to his wants with knitted brows and curling lips. . ... From the iirst, perhaps, ho had been . rather amiable to the girl who waitod upon him ; but to hor father, who only made his appearance at his home after sis o'clock at night, aud. quitted" it at dawn, he had been haughty'and' overbearing, as he had been to an old woman who assisted the girl for a,few, hours in the day, and likewiso'.tq. hif' doctor, who bore.bis irritable behaviour, with equanimity, in tho joyful hope' of making him smart for it, in the. shape of fees, as soon as he was con valescent. ? ? ? ?- The visit of Sir Morle Adamant, however, wrought a great change in him for tho better. Ho was abso lutely meek to tho surgeon, aud al most prayerfully entreated him" to heal his wound as soon as his skill ' and experience would enable him. He was urbano to his purse's father and even attempted a joko with, the old woman who waited upon him tor an hour or two during the day; but to the young girl who bad first recoived him at the cottage, and who, indeed, was his chief attendant aud companion he was more thau affable. He felt that ho was wholly depend ent upon the persons by whom he was immediately surrounded, for almost life itself.. He knew that it would be by their united aid alone that he could escape from his presont thraldom; and it was needful, therefore, to at least secure their good will. His sudden sauvity, it is possible, did not very favourably influeuce the sur geon ; he rather thought it a bad syin-' torn, for which he could not account.; "When invalids are recovering rapidly, from serious illnesses, they are gener ally querulous, irritable, and exacting. This was not the case with Grantley ; he was almost servile in his manner to his doctor, and the man felt troubled' in his mind about it. The old cottager was too stolid to observe the change in his lodger's de- ; ineanour ; if he did, perhaps of the two, he would have preferred --the- xougb treatment; it was what he'vras most accustomed, to. The 014, wptpan. did not comprehend' "jokesV and supposed that when he let off one' of them, he had a slight paroxysm of delirium-; but tho effect was not the same upon the cottager's daughter. She boro the name of Rebecca, but, as is mostly the case among the lower orders, that namo for shortness, had been diminished to 'Beck.' Some times, in moments of tenderness, hor father called her ' Becky ;' but, as a[ rule, the shortest sound was adopted,' and she was known best to those with whom she came into contact as ' Beck Freeman.' ? Before G-rantley Fitzaustrey's ill omened visit, her mind, to use her own words, did not ' run to sweethearts.' She never pormitted a freedom from the rude hand of any of the ? rough young fellows of her own class. He who attempted to insinuate his arm about her waist was rewarded with a very smart smack upon his cheek, and if an attempt was made to repeat .the offence, she freely used hor nails. She was, as Sir Merle had credited her with being, really innocent, and";ba;d< no promptings or inclination, to wander from the path of rectitude. If not led away by vicious influences she was not likely, of her own"accord, to do wrong ; but her want ,of educa-' tion, and her ignorance of all life out-" aide the >yhich/ehe: moved, rendered the vicinity' G-rantley Fitzaustrey very to her. ' ' "* ' '"' : "' Ho was, soon after the vieit oE Sir Merle, able to sit,up for a few and ultimately to take'the air'6n-'the common, .near to. which ? the cottage was situated. Quite well indeed, to have removed to! a more convenient and comfortable place .pf. residence ; but ; it'did not suitr.nis Jgiir pbse to do so at present. ' .'^.j'*-',.--,'..': Until he knew exactly tho. position, in which the abrupt sundering £>£ 'thgj tie which had existed between" him and the old baronet left him,'- lie Was not anxious to exhibit.himself iv Lon don, especially as his'sprgoon , had been unable as yet to discover what" had been the fate of.Adrian' Clyfforde. ?What his resources now were, -hoyv be was in future to maintain himself,, were problems which hetboughtCarkas alone could solve; but his lirst "secret communication to him after the duel had been followed by the appearance of Sir Merle Adamant, who had let fall such remarks as to lead him to believe that Carkaa had proved a traitor. Ho would not hazard another communication, but determined to visit him in person. Ho knew when and where to do this ; but it was need ful that ho should have something like a restoration to physical strength to bo able to accompiHh it ; ho conse quently resigned hiinsslf to further confinement in the cottage, trusting, by quietude and fresh air, and a caro fully-followod dietary, to bo shortly in a position to enter, again into a struggle with tho world. During this progress to convales-. ceuce, tho tima "would have hung heav* ily upon his hands without a com panion, and he resorted to tho society of 'Bock' to redeem himself of its monotony. She soon detected that her company WPS sought by him, and tho instinco of her sect taught her, as slio regarded him as a ' real' gentleman, to make herself as clean and tidy as she could. At one time, previous to the arrival of Grantloy, a hurried morning ablu tion, and another after dinuer, over which, perhaps, she might have taken a littlo more pains, sufficed for all oc casions ; but after he came down stairs, 'and.sat and talked with her, she took especial pains to keep a clean, bright altin, and to carefully braid her glossy jet tresses in the fashion she believed to be most becoming to her features. ???? —The money which Sir Merle Ada 'uiaut had presented her with as he .quitted the cottage, had been, with tho exception of a small sum laid out on :cr>ature comforts for her father, es . (/ended, as he had predicted, on articles of personal adornment. By the aid of her own nimble fingers, and by an extravagance in employing a cheap dressmaker, she had set off her form to the very beet advantages in her power. Less, certainly, with a design Ho> entrap the affections of Grantloj', -than from an irresistible desire to ap -1 pear something out of the common in liis'e'ydb. ? ' ? ? ? . 1 She know hersoU" to_be a farm-la bourer's daughter ; but she regarded |'Grantley as a ' thorough-bred' gentle man, and an instinctive desire that he ?should look upon her as one above ?her condition, took up a strong 'posi tion in her breast. She had no idea of its-danger, no conception that.her -poor"simple vanity might be accepted !; by him as a kind of challenge; no thought that, by drawing his attention specially to her good looks, that she .was, as it were, casting herself in his path, and wooing a result which would hi all probability, end in her undoing. As we have said, she knew herself to be the daughter of a farm-labourer of the humblest description, and she supposed Grantloy to be as much above her sphere as if he were'a noble man, therefore, she felt ilattored by his attentions. She was : cousciouB that it was easy "for a pretty girl like herself to get a lover among her own class ; but it was a very uncommon thing to secure one in a gentleman ' born aud bred.' ?-She did.not go far enough iv her speculations to conjecture whether, after he had professed a strong liking for her, he .would .marry her. The "very question she ought at first to have discussed most seriously with herself. She did not attempt to span the wide gulf that, in a matrimonial point"of view, stretched between her and him, or she would have drawn back with a shudder. Alas !. like too many of her unthinking class, her ?vanity was gratified by advauces she oughtHo have shunned. . She did not ?foresee that if any suffering" were to "follow the brief happiness which the thought of being loved by so fine a 'gentleman might bestow upon her, it ?' wbuld be she who' would be compelled ttf enduro it all; that tho society which drove her from its ranks, and pointed its withering finger of scorn at 'her, tho deceived, would at the same time welcome with fawning smilesthe betrayer to its best circles, fully conscious that he had his 'pecca dilloes. , . . ; She, however, went blindly on, cir cling round tiie flame like the stereo typed moth round that of tho candle. entered her maze heedlessly, not considering that it is much easier to cotnmeuce the pureuit of devious ways than to find a way out of them. : Grautley had nothing to do daily but pick his way for a few steps up and down the green lane in which the cottage was situated, or. to eit and 101 l "about withia it. Ho had no books to read, nothing with which ' he could usefully, employ his. mind i but the devil who was ever at his elbow, soon found mental occupation for him, and therefore he set to work to concoct the plans which, if successful, would terminate the existence of Sir Merle Adamant, and place himself in tho secure possession of enormous wealth. :.;. He convinced himself the latter re sult was wholly dependent upon the former, and that neither could be ef fected, but with a vast amount of crafty skill, unlimited perseverance ; and-unswerving determination. Tho workiug out oEthe'plnn could not be accomplished in a mouth, or perhaps a year, nor its formation be completed ??in" a day or two. 'Hβ was sufficiently acquainted-with tho ramifications of Sir, Merle's power to comprehend the great difficulty thoro would be in elud ing it; he was aware that his -every' "movement in tho future would be closely watched, and accurately re ported to the baronet, so that what he ;appeared to be doing must wear a ?very opposite character to the busi ness upon which he was really engaged. And further, he was quite convinced that he could do nothing without Carka"S. . .. ' But how to communicate with him after what had taken place was_ a problem which he found it almost im possible to solve—at least, until he had strength enough to endure a con siderable amount of fatigue. He conceived the idea that he might employ the girl, Be'becca, ? to carry a communication from him to Sir Merle's confidential agent, and the more he turned the notion over in his tnind'the moro feasible it seemed. . He considered, however, that, as the task would bo one of the very gravest importance to him, it would be neces sary to attach the girl personally to him, in order to induce her to identify herself with his interests. And thus they set out almost simul taneously, with the intention of pleas ing each other, and with respect to the result, the chances were desperately unequal/for poor ' Beck. , He had every chance in his favour, for hferwae handsome, very insinuating in his manner, and his illness gave a sentimental character to him which seldom fails to kindly, influence the sympathies of the softer sex. He was anxious, too, to win somothing moro than hor good opiuiou, that she might servo him. She; poor girl, had nothing to re commend her to him but her faco, which wns handsome rather than pretty, and a fine form, which wanted a polish added to its natural grace; Her manners wero untutored, her language barbarous in its enunciation and full of vulgar. idioms ; but the strongest, and really the fatal, point against her was, that Grant ley Fitz austrey loved Ev.e.:with an overwhelm ing, absorbing passion. Thie. fact, however, was not one which the unqualified ecoundrel would have suffered; to 1,-interfere between him and the destruction of the poor, vain, unthinking girl, and thus, as w<? have suggested, she commenced her first lovo affair ? with disastrous oddH against her. . As may be surmised, all the pretty, natural, |coy ways aud attractive arti fices that a young girl, desirous of seuuring the affoctions of one she feelw slie can- love, she employed without in tl\e least influencing the heart of. Gj-rant'loy. He simulated tenderness*, and.all the symptoms of being smitten by her charms, without being iv any degree enamoured of her, moro thau he would have been with a passing toy.. She, on the. contrary, fell into his snares, and became]'almost insanely in love with absorbed, so over whelmed *by ; .her 'passion, that* -shu moved about lik'o one in a druam, see ing only hie eyes, hearing only his voice,.and thrilling with the recollec tion of the touch of his hand upou her OWn. -/ ;;- Soon he perceived that he had but to intimate a"wish_and sho flew to execute it; that rffieu they sat to gether conversing sho hung upon his words as if he possessed the eloquence of a poet; and thnt her cheek crimsoned and burned, and her eyes glistened, when ho uttered those adulatory compliments which he know so well how to pay. He thought, therefore, that the time bad come when he might employ hor upon a mission to (Jarkas. As he sat upstairs one night, all alone, meditating upou .the best and safest mode to employ her upon this tusk, he suddenly heard a soft etep creeping up the stairs leading to his chamber. Ho knew " that ltebecca and her father had retired to rest, and the ?first thought that a guilty conscience suggested to him was that Rebecca was coming-stealthily to him to re quest him to renew, in the chamber below, and in the silence of night, those tender discourses which, being all unused to.'Were so pleas.mt to her, were growing very tedious to hittf. His door was not locked, and he waited with impatience for the gentle, trembling hand upou it to open it. When it did slowly move back, he saw, to his amazement, not as he had ex pected, the face of Becky obtruding through the narrow opening, but that of Carkas. .. ......?' ' She would liave been heartstrickeu if sho could have known how much more gratified he was to see tho old man's wrinkled features than he would bavo. been to see her bright smooth countenance. Carkas moved like a ghost into the room, and closed the door behind him without a sound. He glanced round him, aud placed his ear close to the crevice of the door, in a listening attitude. Apparently satisfied, he motioned Grantley to resume the seat from.which he had risen, and, advanc ing close to him, ho closed his eyes, and said in a very, subdued tone— ' It is gratifying to reflect, sir, that in the -outskirts of a metropolis bo vast as this, and in a spot so lonely as this exceedingly picturesque cottage is pitched, it appears to bo unneces sary to a£Bx,to:the doors and.windows those instruments of protection which act as substitutes for the guardians of our slumber. The outer door is con-' fined, I observe, sir, by. the oldest-and "simplest of latches, and the windows, I think, have no fastening whatever.' Grantley gave" an impatient hiss with his lips. ?? 'There is nothing hore to steal,' he answerod. ?'A?"small cart would con vey away the whole household, and even- then -..the. most speculative .re ceiveV ot stolen property would not give a Earthing for itall.' Carkas opened his eyes, and looked fixedly at him. J . \ ''? ' Beauty, prqvoketh thieves sooiiev than "gold; , Hβ -'ejaculated, signifi ?cantily. ?'" " ::, ' ''; .- '?..;; ~ ? . Grautley waved his hand im patiently. . . ... ? ? ' You ' have not sought mc to. tell mc that stale old trash,' he exclaimed, with contracted brow.". '? 'Are you here to draw ff6m "mc my plans for the future, that you may. betray them to Sir Merle?" 'Betray them!' echoed Carkas, with .a ;look_ of surprjse that seemed to be unfeigied, if it were not; ' Betray them, , repeated ? Grantley, emphatically. are aware, I pre sume, that Sir Merlo has paid mc a visit' of condolence ?' . , ? , _ ~ ' Afaintsmile passed over the lips of the old'man." ? He nodded. ..";"?' 'And that he has discarded me?' pursued, Grantley.. j - . ,' ~ Oarkae nodded again. ' ' ?'How did you know" that ;he could find mc hero after the" duel ?' con-, tinued Grautley, gloomily. '''? I sent that information to you alone. You must have told him.' " . ' Unquestionably, I did, sir,' re turned Carkas, without hesitation. ' But it. was ; without having any con ception of his purpose -in-asking :ib. You willi' Mr Grautley, however," per mit mc to remind you thatyoU were, not ignorant ', of: .the of being discarded by Sir Merle at any momeut, however abrupt.' 'Granted; but I doubted its pro bability,' he replied, quickly. ' How ever, it is not only done, but he ac cuses mc with having au intention to cut his throat.? I suppose that was also a suggestion of yours.' _' No, Mr Grantley,' replied Carkas, without betraying the slightest sur prise at his remark. ' Sir Merle has no noed of any suggestion to tlat effect from mc, or from anyone else. Ho forms such impreesions throueh tho mysterious agency of- tho wondrous heirloom thnt adorns his breast. It palea when anyone who designs him deadly mischief comes iv contact with him. It dulled with unusual force on the occasion of his last interview with you.' Grantley mused a moment, and thou glanced afCarkas. There was something in the expression of the old iuau*B eye.which seemed to invite him 10 unreserved communication. ' Would it riot be possible to'obtain possession of that gem ?' lie naked. Carle us eh rugged his shoulders. : 'It's value is '.faJJLttldliS'R he said, suggestively. 'That is iiot mynieaiMii?j , returned Grantley, moodily.. _'-I , have heard something of the pfcoperP.os' of [that strange jewel.- It ie"incouvanieiitfor my purposes that lip should continue to wear it.- I shoulcl ; like ; to obtain it, that I might bury it where it could never be found." ? r ? 'It would be unearthed and re turned to him,{ipbre? ae>"iiiiu;ht:be your disposal of -it,' s obseVved : .QareVnis, confi dently: ::- : v,j|| n:il|v- ; .; £ ' I"wouldv cast- it='ihtor : the sea a thousand .fathoms deep,' rejoined Grantley.-' ? -? 'It would .bo.. Celled .up, and come back,' an a matter of course, to him, ? being the only, likoly; purchaser, , re sponded Carkas, with -a smile. ' In fact, it is ono of its properties to re turn always to the living owner, who has earned his right to possess it. Sir Merlo himself is unable to dispose of it, or, I have no doubt, he would feel much pleasure, aud considerable 'mental relief, in casting: it into the sea a thousand fathoms deep.' <? 'I do not comprehend you, , said Grantley, looking at ' him incredu lously. ? ' 'I am somewhat at a loss to explain myself, Mr Grantley,' returned Car kas, closing his eyes, and speaking with precision. ' The truth is, sir, that the magic talisman can only become the property of an individual by going through a peculiar coromony; and after ho has obtained it, he can never dispose of it, although he cau leud it for a brief period, and for a purpose, until he' coinpulsorily sur renAers it to one who has" gone through the same ceremony ac himself in order to procure it." 1 Ceremony — peculiar-' 'ceremony,' repeated Grantley, pettishly." * Why, what superstitious jargon are 'you uttering? What is the ceremony?' 'JLTurder. ['repeated Carkan, blandly. \- Grantley recoiled with undisguised astonishment. ? 'Murder!' he repeated sevoral times ; murder ! I do not understand your precise meaning. ? Murder is a wide term. , ? 'Not iv this cape,'.replied Carkas, in tho same equable tone. ' It is not an indiscriminate crime that entitles the perpetrator to become the possessor of that gem. Sir Merle murdered the man ' to whom it formerly belonged. The man who is aiubitioue to possess it must murder Sir Merle; it will then become his.' Grantley glanced furtively at him beneath his eyebrowe. . ' If that is the price at which it is to become mine,' he'said, slowly, 'I shall give up all thought of trying to possess it. , : ? 'Are .you so sure asked Carkas, witli,a slow i'mpressiveness, which made." '-You have, perhaps, forgotten, eir, the little contract into which woihave entered: , A flush of heat _ passed over Grantley's forehead.;'. Then his brows contracted. ' _ 'I have not,' he soTdPeuiphatically. 'You have forgotten ;that you are actually now nameless, portionless—a flimsy shadow, , pursued ? Carkas, quickly, and in.an'iuudertono, yet so shrill as to make -'every nerve in Grantley'e frame thrill. ' A miaty, intangible ..thread-t-:a/} va 'P OUr ; but-I beg your pardtin; uiy"dear-young sir. Perhaps you no longer'desire to be—a subetaace ?' . -.;_.. _ . ' I do, and will sacrifice, , returned his hands. ' 7/ j ;( r? .. ' You must not for'geit. that you are now a beggar,'_pu,rsued Carkas, in the same tone ';'. 'worse tliflb?a-beggar, for you are iuextricably in .debt, and Sir Merle has taken possession of your chambers and disposed of everything you possessed. If is'file intention, sir, also, to introduce you-to , the noticeof your maternal parent, who, I, regret to say, would be a vory,bad bargain for the most dreadful ru<fian who ever breathed. He has' further laid a plan for you, into whioh, unless I interfere to save you, you must fall, and the result will bo that your career will terminate at Newgate. 'Now, tell mc, my dear young gentleman, is your repugnance as great at the thought of going through the ceremony of mak ing yourself master of that mystic jewel, which Sir Merle constantly wears, as it wae before ?' ' No! no!' muttered Grantley, grating hie teeth. . .-.:. ? ' Perhaps they will become less when I tell you that the fortune of Miss Eve Mortmaioe ie as enormous as Sir Morle has depicted it, and that it.is solely, completely, aud absolutely hers," he continued, with more forco in- his mode, of -expression ; 'that I have taken care to foil every artifico employed by Sir Merle to dispossess her. of it; that I have the means of putting her in possession of it if she marries the man of hit/ choice.. You may bo he ! And further, that 1 will place at your command from this moment ainplo funds to maintain you in tlio same position as that you have held siuoo you wero sent to college, and secure to you, at a period to be hereafter named, the income of a rich duke, iE you faithfully and legally ca*ry out our compact.' There was a pause. Carkas watched the worUiugs of Grantloy's white face —at least, so much of it as was free from bandages—with intense anxiety;': and at length he saw his eyes rise slowly up, and fasten ou his own. 'The" object of that compact is?.' observed Grantley interrogatively. ? 'On your, part, to make you- a wealthy man, independent of:.. Sir. Merle Adnmaut, commencing even from this moment,' repliod Oarkas promptly. - ' 'And on your part ?'. questioned G-rautley. ' ltevcnge !' exclaimed Carkae, in a tone which it is wholly impossible for worde to describe. .. ..' '. Both objects to-be compaesed'by one deed ?' pursued Grantley,. lower ing his voice to a whisper. . : . 'The murder ..of-.! Sir Merle Adamant!' muttered Carkas, the sound of his voice- being scarcely dis cerniblei j yet; the artieulatiptr was clear and oiiough-for to hear every word. r' 1 do~ not say' simply, death, but murder," -and that with such tortures as even his devihsji malignity could barely conceive. Is if a bargain ? To hesitate is to .decline. , .-? <? ? ?'^γ.-?- -'?lt, is. There is my hand,' returned , - Grantloy. .-...-?' :? Each clutched the other's ice-cold hand, and then, and not until,'then, Carkas seated himself. - He produced from his pocket a bag, which ho placed in Grantley's hands. 'It contains gold and silver,' lie said, pleasantly, as if the subject of the previous conversation had been confined to the moral advantages to be derived from the constant practice of piety. 'The coins are such as will suit your convenience hero. In a week you will bo able to quit this humble palace ?' ' Quito,' resumed Grantley, almost joyously. ' On this night week I will bo hero, provided with the means of secret re moval,' continued Carkas. ' And when I have fairly set you on your feet, we will commence operations.' ' 'It cannot be too soon for me),' re sponded Grantley, emphatically. Their conversation was not much further prolonged, and Carkas glided away, phantom-like, as he came. > -. For a week after this Grantley de voted himself to the society of lte beccn, and cajoled her into the belief that he really loved ber as deeply as she did him, but at tho end of that week ?ho disappeared mysteriously , from the cottage. (To be continued.) 