WESTRALIAN NEWS. PEBTH, January 3. This moraine; another Fremantle prisoner, named John Smith, alias Adams, made a dash for libert in a precisely similar manner to that adopted by Brown on the previous day. A gang was leaving the prison to work outside, Smith darted off. He had to pass the house of a warder named Dymock, and the latter, noticing the escapee, made after bim. A short but sharp race resulted in the capture of Smith, and his return to durance rile. The holdei of the' Le Var.ticket in Charles' 5s sweep on th6 Pftfth Gup is Mr J. Carr, ofPier- street, Perth. The prize is worth £820. PEKTH, January 4. The revenue returns, issued to-day, show that during the month of December the total amonnted to £242,927, as against £246,213 for December, 1896. The customs decreased from £92,607 to £88,719; land from£22,468 to£ll,853; mining from £9,546 to £3,591; postages, etc., from £9,380 to £7,483; telegrams from £8.147 to £7,996; fines, etc., from £3,049 to £1,977 ; while the principal increases were : Licenses from £6,001 to £8,643 ; railways from £15,680 to £92,304; and stamp revenue from £3,449 to £10,438. The revenue for the quarter, ended - December 31, amounted to £695,092, against £668,246 for same quarter of 1896. The revenue for the year amounted to £2,843,775, as against £2,440,390 for 1896. The'Fire Brigade Demonstration was held on the Cricket Association ground to-day, and was of the tamest possible character. The attendance was very small. The temporary supply of water utterly failed at the start and the competitions had to be carried on without water, 1 or something similar to the play of Hamlet without the ghost. The results of the principal events were :—Hose Practice for 8 men : Perth Brigade, 1 ; Coolgardie, 2 ; Cue, 3, Alarm and Disabled Hose Practice : Perth, 1 ; Kalgoorlie, 2 ; Coolgardie, 3. Hose Practice for 6 Men : Coolgafllie, 1; Perth, 2 ; Kalgoorlie, 3. Hose and Ladder Practice : Perth, 1; Coolgardie, 2 ; Kalgoorlie. 3\. Representative Race for 4 Men : Coolgardie, 1 ;Cue,2; Kalgoorlie, 3\. Rescue Drill: Fireman Bennett of Coolgardie, 1 ; Flanagan of North Fremantle, 2 ; Tapper of Morning Herald reel, 3. Manual Engine Fire Drill for 8 men : North Fremantle, 1 ; Kalgoorlie, 2; Coolgardie, S. Manual Engine Drill for 6 men: Coolgardie, 1; North Fremantle, 2 ; Kalgoorlie, 3.' At the Perth tolice Court to-day, a man named James Burke was fined £50, or in default three months, for having openly betted on the Perth racecourse on Monday. Burke made bets with men, and endeavored to get. away without settling, but was captured by the police. Burglars entered the Queen's Hotel at Highgate Hill, a suburb of Perth, last night. They broke open the safe, and successfully got away with £76. On the safe the thieves left a note saying: "Good luck to you, old man! catch us if you can." In Perth, near the Wellington-street railway crossing to-day, a storekeeper named Walker wa6 -walking with his daughter, when he fell dead from heart disease. At the Perth course on Monday a man named William M'Sheeney had his pocket picked as he was getting a ticket at the tote. All the thief gained was two deposit receipts, one for £100 and the other for £40, which are of no value except to the holder. " Telegrams received fropa Bamboo Creek report that over 15m df rain have fallen in four days. The creeks are all flooded. A' man named Brockman was drowned while attempting to cross Bamboo Greek while it was in flood. • Several important police, changes are reported to be imminent, Inspector MvKenna, of Coolgardie, may be trans T ferred to Perth, while Inspector Newlands, who is stationed in the metropolis, will take charge at Coolgardie. Sub-Inspector Onne will also be attached to the metropolitan police, and Sub-Inspector Hogan will "be appointed to a country district not yet decided on. PERTIJ, January 5. During December the gold exported from the colony amounted to 72,411oz 14dwt 9gr. The details will not be available until to-morrow. The criminal calendar of,the Supreme Court was concluded to-day, - A man named John Pearse was sentenced to , fiv4 years penal servitude on the Qharge of having fraudulently converted to his own use £25 6s, the property of John Hunter and Co. The evidence showed that Pearse, who was Customs agent for the company, presented invoices to the firm for a large consignment of boots. He got a cheque from the firm to pay the duty on these boots, and then presented the invoices to the customs,' showing a much lower value than indicated on the invoices than he had presented to the firm, and the accused pocketed the difference in the duty. His lawyer raised the point that accused had not defrauded John Hunter and CIo., but that if he had defrauded anyone it was the Customs department. This point-'was reserved for the • Full Court, Pearse being released on bail in the meantime. The rainfall lor Perth last year' was' 27'17in, or 6*06in below the average for the previous 21 years. At an inquest held at Fremantle today on the death, at Rottnest Island, of a prisoner named Niger, alias Joe, some peculiar evidence as to the management of the island was given. At the first day of the inquiry the medical evidence showed that death was due to the burstingof a hydatid cyst on the liver. It appeared from the evidence of other witnesses, however, that some neglect had occurred on the part of the warders in attending deceased, and the. coroner expressed a desire to have the attendance of Colonel Angelo, the superintendent of the island. Colonel Angelo was placed in the witness box, and submitted to an exhaustive examination. He stated that when deceased had complained to one of the Warders that he was ill, at 8 p.m. on the day of his death, he—Colonel Angelo—should have been informed of the occurrence, and the man should have been taken to the hospital. At 10 o'clock, when " Niger" wes found dead in his cell, the matter was reported to him, Witness did not censure the warders, who had neglected their duty, by not taking the deceased to the hospital ward, because he did not think the circumstances warranted him doing so. The chief warder was not a particularly bright man, and he did not think he knew his duty. In his opinion, the cell accommodation was quite adequate. The coroner: Has the Inspector of Prisons visited Rottnest during your term of office ? — Colcnel Angelo : " Never, during the seven years I have been in charge of the Island, the only time I have -heard of him coming to Rottnest was when he came to hang a man. (Laughter.) In answer to further questions, the witness stated that in his capacity as Justice .of the Peace, he had conducted the inquests in connection with the deaths of the -prisoners in his charge. He would have had no hesitation in conducting the present inquiry, had the post mbrtem examination been made on the Island. Other evidence was given that on the Island three prisoners slept in one cell, ltift x 8ft. The jury brought in a verdict that: deceased met his death as revealed by the medical testimony, and attached the following riders :—"1. The cells at RottneBt Island do not afford sufficient accommodation for three adult prisoners. 2\. The prison discipline fieiug so loose, reformation in the management is very desirable. 3. The Superintendent of Prisoners should not be empowered to hold inquests on the deceased prisoners in his charge." The estimate of the population of the colony at the end of December, made by the Registrar-General, shows a net decrease in the population since^Septernber of 495 persons. These figures are subject to a slight revision on receipt of the returns from outlying districts. In September the population was 162,463, being males 112,389, and females 50,014. At the end of December, the total was 161,908, being 110,364 males, and 51,544 females.. The male population shows a decrease of 2,025, and the female population an increase of 1530. The excess of births over death* is 376, and the excess of departures by sea, 871. Males to the number of 2,146 went awjay in cxcesB of the arrivals, aud on the other band 1,27/5 more females arrived than departed. The Governor is deeply offended because a special invitation was. not sent to him to be present at the dedication and consecration of the new Masonic building in Perth. He laid the foundation stone, and* deeply regrets that he has not been taught fit to be assigned any position in the ceremony of consecration. He declared, in the first place, that hewas the representative of HerMajeaty, vbo was the titular bead. 9f the order, and he waB also-tbe senior member of the Grand Lodge in this colony, and either character should have entitled him to different treatment. In the next place, he was interested in ' Freemasonry. He believed the blunder was due probably only to gross ignorance and carelessness, which should be reported to the proper quarters, and that steps should be takeu to prevent anything of the kind recurring in future. Thirdly, he believed that,'divestinghimself of the character of representative of the titular head of the craft, and of that of Governor of this colony, the interest which he had always taken in the work of Freemasonry in West Australia had entitled him to expect a different attitude being adopted towards him. He would certainly represent the matter in its . proper light to the Grand Lodge in-England, where no doubt something would be done to set right iBfich'thingB for the fature.. It was his own opinion that a strong effort would be required if English freemasonry was to be saved to do its work and occupy its proper place in this colony. Until the district Grand Lodge had been placed upon a proper footing, he should feel himself constrained to absent himself from the meetings of the District Grand Lodge. At the Supreme Couit yesterday, the case of the Golden Link Consolidated Gold Mines, Limited, v. Mrs Colgdon, was heard. Justice Hensman said that this was a case stated by the Warden at Coolgardie. The facts were briefly that the plaintiff company were holders of a lease, and brought an action against Mrs Colgdon, a married woman, for trespassing on their property. The Warden stated that when the case came on for hearing before him, it was proved that the lease was the property of the plaintiff company, and that the defendant was a married woman, living in a house which had been erected on the lease by her husband. It was not stated that she had any separate property, or that she had had anything to do with the building of the house, or that she was anything but a married woman, living with her husband. The Warden was of opinion that the husband should have been joined in the case, or made defendant, and he:—His Honor—was of the same opinion. By the Woman's Property Act a woman had certain rights, but in a case of this kind, it would have been an abuse of the processes of the Warden's Court if the Warden had allowed the woman to be alone in the action. Therefore he fully agreed with the Warden that the husband should have been made a party to the action, and the case would go back to the Warden with that answer. Another case heard was the appeal against a conviction by Carl Von Louve, for having in bis possession an utensil for distilling. The ground of appeal was that the still being incomplete, it could not be held to be an utensil for distilling. The Court decided against this view, and the appeal was dismissed with costs against the appellant. Another case was one stated by the Warden 'of Coolgardie. It turned on the construction to be placed on su b- section 2 of section 102a of the Goldfields Regulations, and the text of the sub-section not being in his Honor's copy of the regulations, the case was postponed. PEBTH, January 6. The term of Colonel Wilson as Commandant of the local forces expires in July. To-day, a deputation of volunteer officers waited on the Premier, aud asked that Colonel Wilson's term should be extended. The Premier expressed entire sympathy with the wishes of the officers, and will request Colonel Wilson to accept another term. It is understood, however, that the Commandant is anxious to return to England* " ' Some few weeks ago, Mr Gregory, member for Menzies, brought under the notice of the Public Works Department the necessity for providing increased accommodation for the nursing staff at the Menzies public hospital, and the result was that £900 was placed on the estimates. It waB thought that no time would be lost in providing the accommodation asked for. Mr Gregory had assured the Government that during the summer months the work of the hospital staff would be increased, and that more spacious and commodious residential apartments for the matron and nurses would be required, .however, nothing has yet been done in the direction of meeting the wisheB of the people of Menzies, but on Tuesday their representative had an interview with Mr Jull, the under Secretary for Public Works, who promised Mr Gregory that tenders would be called for the work, in bourse of a few days. . The following telegram was received from Marble Bar' to-day :—" Rainfall during the week ended December 27, was as follows :—Bamboo Creek, 16 inches, one man drowned; Marble Bar, infthes ; Eel Creek, 12£ inches; Coongan station, 5 inches ; Condon,. 6 inches. The telegraph line from Condon to Marble Bar was carried away by the De Grey River.' Ray Hill had splendid rains. The head of the Fortescue River is full. Grass feed is growing well. The rainB were patchy and very Jight in some places. Many wells have - not yet been affected. A Roebouxne telegram reports that a fire broke out in the kitchen of the residential portion of the Mechanics' Institute on New Year's Eve.- Thrpngh the exertion of the residents and police, the verandah connecting the kitchen with the mainbuildfag wasspeedilyremoved, and the wind being in the opposite direction, the latter was saved from destruction. The origin of the outbreak is not known. The Premier has received a wire from the Mayor of Melbourne, inviting the Convention delegates to a banquet at the Town Hall on the 20tb inst. V The Premier, referring to the decrease H the population to-day, said it was due to the excess of 'departures over arrivals. The increase in the arrivals over departures of women was a good sign, as showing that the men were nowbringing their wives over, while the excess of departures over arrivals in the case of men was only temporary, as he anticipated that they would return after the holidays. The Premier also states that the heavy withdrawals from the Savings Bank during November and December have now practically ceased* and that the deposits are increasing again. The next fire brigade demonstration will beheld at Fremantle on November 9. PERTH, January 7. At the meeting of the committee of the West Australia Cricket Associa- * tion to-night, the suggestion was made that the association should join the- Cticket Council of Australia, and it is likely that the idea will be carried int» effect. A* serious assault is said to have been perpetrated early this morning upon a resident of North Fremantle, named G. H. Pauline. He was proceeding homewards, when he' was knocked down by a man, who hit him with a sandbag, then the man brutally kicked and struck him, and when the victim became insensible, proceeded to turn out his pockets. Pauline regained his senses, and attempted to struggle with his assailant, but he was again knocked about and choked into insensibility*. ' The robber only succeeded in obtaining 9s, although Pauline had gold in an inner pocket, as well as a gold watch and chain. The Coolgardie Fire Brigade men are very dissatisfied with the recent brigade demonstration in Perth. They allege that their brigade has been wrongfully deprived of the prize for the highest aggregate number of points are allotted for firot, second, and third prizes in each event, excepting the discipline prize, and the Coolgardie men state that upon this basis, Coolgardie scored 27 points, as against 22 points made by Perth, yet the aggregate prize was awarded to the metropolitan bripoints. On the official programme, gade, because 6 points were added to their score for discipline, a proceeding altogether unprecedented, the Coolgardie men claim in the history o£ these demonstrations. They declare that they will not take part in any future demonstration in Perth. Most of the Goldfields firemen return by thi6 afternoon's train. THE ATATEB SUPPLY DEPARTMENT.— Mr. P. C. Uicbes, resident engineer at Norseman, arrived in Coolgardie yesterday on official-business. Mr John. Ebbs, enginoerin-chaige at Menzies, was also expected to arrive, to consult Mr. F. Saunders, head o£ the Goldfields' Water Supply Department, with regard to the work of the eiiauirg year, and also with reference to the Niagara tank contract, which is under his supervision. B6BING OPERATIONS. — A Government party, under charge of Mr F. Grill, is now engaged in boring for water at Voepgrtown. near flit or Miss. -'The bore has penetrated to a depth of 150ft. at one spot without success, and another locality close by is now being tested. • . • MABRIAGE OF A PIONEEB.—Mr W. A. Bayer, hotelkeeper at Dunnsville, was united in marriage at Coolgardie last week to Mis» Susie Taylor, of South Australia. The ceremony was performed at the Chnrch of. England by the Rev Barton Parkes, in the presence of a large number of people. Miss Bex was bridesmaid, and Mr George Williams acted as best man. After the ceremony the piu-ty drove to tbe Club Hotel, where ia sumptuous repast was provided, and a number of complimentary toasts proposed. Mr Sayer is one ofthe_pioneera of tfae goldfields, having come to Coolgardie in 1892. 