yj '|>n: wSirlltiibwhicfaffii _ _ "'■were fc" «pn^yBjlfl^ly^6Swtot;ft cvcningplbaTCOT^tiirifliuisoon-ta-be-de with myself alter the Interesting ceremony —as the reporters callit-^comes off?' I Imve <m>wn so accustomed to 4rbp in here when! have an -evening to myself, that I have dome to regard thiscasy chair as my own property/am I can assure youI dorii% by any means'took forvirard with pleasure to my approaching eviction. *'*' ~ '' though, Ithink from what I know- of the lady tliat you have made a, wise choice-^' that %, if there be any wisdom at alk in gall the foregoing a remarks that I was in the blissful condition of a newly engaged man. I had made the plunge only that after noon, ahd, on my friend's arrival for his customary, chat, had unbosomed myself to him with some trepidation, I.must coo •jew. knowing, as I did, what a confirmed;' old bachelor he was. I was prepared, tuereibie, tor his little outburst, the sting' .. ;of which was entirely, removed by his hearty congratulations, accompanied as *th'cy were by a hand-grip that made my fingers tingle. "My dear fellow," I replied, nursing my crushed'digits the while, "I wasquite sure, in spite of your eternal tirades against the fair sex, that you would be charmed with my choice. She is really the sweetest" "."Snare me, for heaven's sake spare me, old chap," exclaimed Sharpe, spreading out .'uit minus a« if to ward oft an impending blow. "Of course, she's the very sweetest, and everything else that is superlatively good, 1'JJ take alj that fesr granted. Poor Jeilow! i can sympathise with you. I've, been through the null myself, and, although it's a Jong giaae ago* 1 nsaaeafdKr thmt tue English language seemed bald and mean ingless to me when 1 tried to express my feelings in it." Here Sharpe paused abruptly, and after staring into the lire for some momenta, sighed heavily. Then, as he once more turned towards me and found me staring at him in ^ undisguised astonishment, he smiied sadly, and said with a shake of his head:— "You can't believe that I also have had my little romance? Well, I can scarcely wonder at it considering the way I have laughed to scorn your susceptibility to feminine wiles, but I was very hard hit once, I have never spoken to you of this passage in my life; the subject is too pain ful to stand much touching upon, in fact, since the day on which I was left a widower though yet unmarried, I have hugged my sorrow to my heart, and re sented fiercely any and every effort, how ever kindly meant, to drag it forth. Some how, the sight of youP face to-night, beam ing with that happiness whicli-"dhce irra diated my own, carries me back to that dreadful time. Absit omen! I trust that your wedding day in ay be as bright as mine was glomuy. I'll show you what lias kept mo single all these years; it was this." As he spoke, Sharpe unbuttoned bis vest, and taking a small leather case from an" inside pocket, opened it, and banded it to mc. I saw that it was the immature of a girl, benuiifully painted on ivory, and drawing the lamp closer I bent down to examine it more minutely." It was an ex quisite face that looked back at me from its setting of jet black wavy hair, the artist's cunning giving an almost lifelike brillianceXd the dark lustrous eyes, fringed with long curling lashes, and the peach like cheek in which the colour seemed to come and go. It was a good face, too, as well as lovely, a face which seemed to grow on one, as it were, and as I closed the ease and passed it back to my friend I no longer wondered that he had remained proof against the fascinations of other women. Sharpe pressed the miniature to liisr lips, tin" i gazed at it for a moment in silence. "Poor Mary,"_ said he at lewi.h. with mournful note in his voice, which I had never beard before. "Your's was an un happy fate, and yet, who knows.' Periiaps ail ivas for the best. Our ideals were set high, and had they not been aciained your your life might have been full of vain re j-'ivvk, whereas, now if there be a heaven, you are certainly one of the brightest spirits there. Do you know, Tom, that since my darling's death I have leaned more and more to the belief — that after death there ts nothing, nothing n.t aJJ; tliat as we fall so we lie, with no more life or feeling than so many beasts of the field or birds of the air. Surely, if there were an hereafter, the spirits of those who have gone before would find fiome means of communicating with the dear ones left here behind, some channel by which a message might be sent to those who were more beloved than life itself, telling them to be or good cheer, to struggle bravely on through trials and temptations, knowing that when their earthiy course was run, they could bow their heads before the King of Terrors, not only without fear, but absolutely rejoicing in the certainty of a speedy and eternal reunion beyond the grave. But enough of such vain speculations. It is only an idle waste of time and breath to argue on either side of a riddle so utterly beyond any human solving, the rights of which we can only learn when we have passed to 'that undiscovered country from whose bourne no traveller returns.' My courtship had a tragic termination. If it will not Weary yon in your present mood, I would like to tell you the story of that trpgedy. It was a nine-days' wonder at the time, but.it soon died out of other people's memories; and, the ghost once laid, I have been careful never to resuscitate it." I was much affected by Sharpe's ob vious emotion. "My dear old friend,' I said, laying my hand on his arm, do not imagine that my happiness prevents me from sym pathising with you in your trouble. Nay, I can feel more deeply for you now than Vver before, knowing what my own sorrow would be were I to lose the woman I love. Speak on then, and take what com fort you can from the fact mat your tale Is poured into the ear of one who thinks &f; you as a brother, aye, more than a brother—a true friend." Sharpe tlianked me with another j nighty handclasp, and, clearing his throat, proceeded as follows:—■ ' ' ■ "It isnow fifteen years since I first: saw Mary Fordyce. About a year after I joined the service here, when I was be ginning to be looked on by my superior officers as rather a promising recruit. I a as told off to assist one of our senior men in a big ease of housebreaking out on the south side. The house which had been 1J38 khanon a&oimt; '|M^Ms^ie^iuttk^^^mBiiiti^^<^o^eii.~': ■ whia^;ljj6el^ pnainly ^a^r; principal - leftadfOpd oppor tunities. ®f. improving > my acquainUmcc; forshetraB ,%iaatti^£6iit, J»I: hertebess. That governess was dxjito'v trice. 1 vvIbIi you could have se^ ner ®» FhewasUien. This niimstow ccTteuily is a faiUiful liken^ s&'lflr as it g6es,but it it impossiUlej' for it to pourtray «er chief beanty, tl^ irreeiatible. play-of feature which ihadeherfair laeeiun index toevery thought of tlie pure eoul witiiin, that expression, .which clianging with eyery varied emotion, seemed to make each new phase moire bewilderiugly beautiful than the last. With me it was a genuine case of love at firsteaght; with her the process was slower but equally, pure, and; it Was with a feeling of rapture that even after all these years-makes my heart bound and my pnlse quicken, that I. at last saw an answering light in her glorious eyes,"and heard her sweet lips falter forth the con fession that I was all the world to her, her king, her lover, her very life itself. Ah, those were halcyon days. We were both young: full of joy and hope, and imbued with an earnest desire to. do some good in the world.; Many 'were the plans we dis cussed for the amelioration of our fellow creatures during our only too brief and in frequent interviews, meetings which gained an added sweetness from bang stolen, for until 1 received my promotion with the in crease pf salary attached to it, we judged it wisest to keep our secret to ourselves. There was no actual necessity tor doing so; Mary was an orphan, and had no one to please but herself, but I imagined that the nigli-toned family in which she was do mesticated might take umbrage at my pro fession, and' ..make my renunciation the price of her continued residence among them. I know well what her answer would be were such a choice offered licr, but it Would have been difficult for her to have got another situation in which she would have been treated- half so well, therefore 1 determined not to risk an eclaireissement until I had a home ready and fit for her to walk into. That was a , fataj resolution. Had I but known what an entirely different manner "of-man Pro fessor Alien was from what 1 thought I would have gone straight to him with my tale, and all would have been wel). But there, what's the use of talking about 'if?' No erne knows better than I now vain a tiling it is to rebel against fate, but yet 1 can't help picturing myself sometimes as an old n^arried mail 'going home after my day's work happy in the thought that her dear face awaited me at the gate wreathed jn its very best Smiles for the occasion, while two sturdy boys clung to her skirts, eager to know when dad was coming to give them that promised ride on his shoulder. Ah nie! such a sight can never gladden my eyes now, and perhaps it is • better so. Perhaps 1 am happier in the thought of what might have been than if my hopes had had their full fruition. In the wear and tear of married life my golden image might have turned into very poor clay indeed, whereas I can always think of her now as the one perfect woman 1 ha ve met in this world. If or over a year all went well with us, there was not a single cloud on our horizon, and 1 reckoned that another Bix months would bring me the long wished-'' for step which would enable me to offer my darling a home which, if not luxurious, would at least be replete with every-comfort. While matters were at this stage a nephew of Professor Allen's turned up from the Continent, where he had been studying languages for some years, and took up his abode with the family. Soon after his arrival I noticed that Mary's face had a worried look, and on pressing her to tell me what ailed her, she said that young Northcote—the Professor's nephew —had been rnakinsr violent love, to her, and that no expostulations or refusals on her par* to listen to him, had any effect in making him cease his persecution. You can imagine how I felt when I heard this. 1 rainy ooiied over \vii,h wrath, and had it not been for Mary's entreaties I would have sought out the scoundrel then and there, and thrashed him within a.n inch of his life. Her gentler counsels prevailed, however, and I promised not to lav baryta on the villain, but to content myself with seeing liirn and informing t.im how matters stood between Mary and me. W ith that oh met in view f laid wait for him one even ing, and met him just as he left, his club. Having apologised for stopping him I intro c;i;cr..i iii> «..'.r, raid, in mi Jew words as pos sible, explained the situation to him. He heard me out with a growing insolence in his look which made my fist shut involun tarily, and then said, with an air so in sufferably insulting that it made my blood boil:— '"What- impertinence! I never heard of such a thing. The idea of a common policeman daring to raise his eyes to a lady. (Such presumption shah be punished as it deserves, you may depend. When your Chief tears of your unparalleled effrontery you will, no doubt, be taught such a )or-son as will keep you effectually from meddling in future with what is mete for your mas ters. Know, fellow, that I intend to marry Miss Fordyee myself. Hhe is not " "lie not finish the sentence. I had restrained myself with difficulty while he was heaping insults on me; but when he spoke of marrying my sweet Alary, it was more than j could stand, " 'You lying hound!' I cried, and the next instant he was stretched bleeding and senseless at my feet. I don't think I ever Jiit a man so hard before or since, and the oniy thing I am sorry for is that the blow didnotkiil him. Had it done so I mighthavc iifen imprisoned for life, but my Mary's life would have been saved. The street was very quiet at the time, so that no one actu ally saw the blow struck, and before a crowd could gather, Northcote recovered consciousness and struggled to his feet.. I will never forget, the look he gave me. Such a concentrated gaze of diabolical hate, fury, and every other evil passion I have never encountered. " 'Wait!' he hissed through his clenched teeth, as he wiped away the blood which streamed from a deep cut on his forehead, 'you shall pay for this. I will shoot you ilk6 a dog, if I have to wait twenty years for the efiance; but before doing so 1 will wound you in a tenderer place. I will drag your sweetheart through the mud until she becomes so vile that men will shudder at the sight of her. -Ah, strike me again,' as I strode towards him with elenc- hed fists, 'she shall feel every blow ten thousand times.' "I stayed my hand. - If I had struck him again I would have murderc-l him. I knew it; knew that once my [i.o-sion had full awing I would not have ceased till I had crushed the breath out of iiis craven carcase, and I scarcely fancied being hanged for killing such a thing us he. I gazed steadily into his blazing <ye.i for a moment, then turned on my heel and walked rapidly away, followed t>v- a volley of imprecations that would have put :to _ . .. —r ^shame the most A* city- I tatty tq . . next day, Jtrat for aomereaaon Northpote krotjalence, 'attributing his -woWids, to .* 3au '-when -getting -out. ol a ial>..':JHSs aiMnwr_ (n i yaiy . mrtH-wwit.' j great change too- He abandoned altogether faia distasteful loye-making, and endeavoured in every possible way to remove the" bad impression lie had already male. Mary. quite delighted "with the ekaitge, poor girl, but I scented some deep game in all this, Jihd warned her to be wore careful than-ever.. So well did Nortbeoic play, his part, however, that even 1 began tb think as , the months passed by that he had really. given up all ideas of revenge.' What an idiot I was! •lust when I was congratulating myself on the fact that every thing was going smootldy the blow fell; Northcote again proposed to Mary- He had so in fratiated himself with her, and surrounded er With so many delicate attentions that the had quite grown to like him, therefore this sudden proposal, to. winch she could onl) give one answer; pained her exceed ingly." In the gentlest manner possible she told him that her heart was given to another, and that she cotild never be more than a friend' to him, and then the man's leal nature broke loose. He raved at her like a madman, using language which fortunately was unintelligible to the horri fied girl, and finally rushed from the room declaring that- be would sooner loll her than allow any other man to possess her. Now, that very morning. my. long wished for promotion had at last been confirmed by the chief, and I was on the point of hurrying to tell Mary the joyful tidings when she appeared, tearful ahd agitated, to give me an account of the terrible scene she had just had with North cote. I com forted her as well as I could, and when she be.ame calm-r told her of my good fortune, and proposed .that we should go at once awl interview Professor Allen. We found the old gentleman in his study, and holding each other by the* hand made our con fession. To my surprise he raised no ob jections whatever, and after satisfying him self that 1 was in a position to maintain a wife in comfort, gave us his bless ing and announced ■ his intention of giving the bride away, as we'll as bearing all the expenses of the wedding. We had been waiting so long that neither of us wished to postpone our happiness, so that day week was fixed upon for the cere mony. Howthosesix days Slipped away! My mind was in such a whirl tnat they seemed to actually fly. Northcote had disappeared too, no one lenew wliitber, so, that there was no jarring clement to mar our bliss. At last the day arrived, and after a hurried breakfast, during which I con sulted my watch at least fifty times, I got into my new frock coat and lavender un mentionables, and drove to the Church to await my beautiful bride. A crowd had gatheied round the door, but in my then frame of mind I had eyes for only one, and never even glanced at any of the faces I around me. Presently Professor Allen's ' carriage drove up, and out jumped the good man himself, turning immediately to hand out a lovely vision in white, at whose appearance there was a general murmur of admiration from the the bystanders. I stepped forward, and was about to take her hand, when suddenly the crowd was rent asunder and a man sprang forth, the light of an insane passion blazing in his eyes, and in his hand a heavy Colt's re volver. Horror! it was Northcote. As he levelled straight at my heart, Mary saw him. and with a scream flung herself upon my breast with her arms round my neck, just as the hammer fell. I felt the figure in my arms give a convulsive jerk, and at the same instant a sharp stinging pain shot round my right side. The bullet had gone clean through Mary's body and wounded me slightly in the ribs. Before the mis creant could fire again the crowd was upon him, the revolver torn from his grasp, and he himself knocked down and kicked and trampled on until he became unconscious, when two constables came upon the scene and removed him in a cab to the hospital. Brit I was only dimly conscious of all this. What cared 1 if the skv fell, while I held in my arms all that was dear to me on earth, and watched in unutterable agony tire paling of my darling's check and the glazing of her dark eyes, which were forced in one long, last look of ineffable tenderness unon my own. " 'For God's sake; fetch a doctor,' I cried, but Alary smiled faintly and shook he head. "T—am dying,' she whispered brokenly, 'but I—have saved—your life—my own! Kiss me, dearest, for the—last time.' "I preyed my lips to hers in a long clinging kiss, while the scalding tears ran down my cheeks and almost blinded me. " 'Good-bye, darling,' she whispered again; 'I will await your A gasp, a choking rush of blood from her mouth, a slight, shiver of the beautiful limbs, and all was over. "Tor weeks after that I knew nothing. Brain fever, the doctors said; a broken heart, I could have told them. When I was convalescent they tokl me that Nort h cote had been hanged, but what satisfac tion was that to me? If he had fifty lives and lost them all, it would not give me back my Afary. Since then all women have been alike to me, beings to be avoided, lest pcrchanc-e I might meet one who in soine way reminded- me of her who is gone, and so tear open afresh the wound that fifteen years have scarcely served to heal." I made no comments on Sharpe's story. There are some griefs that are too deep for words, but. the pressure of my hand to'd him, better than all the speeches in the world, that his sorrow had found another heart to share its burden. 