Sermon. Preached in St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, on January 25th, 1898, in connection with the consecration of the Rev. Canon Stone-Wigg in Sydney, on the same day, to be the First Bishop of New Guinea, by the VERY REV. THE DEAN OF MELBOURNE. "And as they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them."— Acts XIII. 2. The Book of the Acts of the Apostles is the Book of Origins of the Christian Church. The lightest act or incident recorded there marks a starting-point in Christian history. As we turn page after page we come upon the first sermon, the first baptism of Jews, the first con- version of Gentiles, the first persecution, the first martyrdom, the first council, and, in our text, the first mission. And this first mission springs out of a word of prophecy that came to a Gentile congregation. The Christian mission — this great river of grace, which has changed the face of so many countries, which has blessed and fertilised so many of the waste places, of the earth —had its source in a charge given by the Holy Ghost to the infant Church at Antioch. The Holy Spirit was bringing to the remembrance of the disciples those words of the Master—"Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." That commandment had been in danger of being forgotten, while as yet the only converts to Christianity were from the Jews. The whole genius of the Jewish religion was so stationary — it so little entered, into the Jewish mind to expect or desire to convert the world to its own faith — that it was not till persecution had broken up their company and sent them forth on their travels that the first preachers of the truth had been led to carry their message across the border of the Holy Land. Even after a door had been opened in Samaria, and another and a wider door opened again in Caesarea, in the conversion of Cornelius and his household, they were still unready to go afield with their proclamation of the Gospel, more inclined to linger, like the patriarch Lot, till it needed the angel's hand laid upon him to make him go forward. And the angel's hand, when it came, was laid on the Church at Antioch. This beginning of missions was not initiated or suggested from Jerusalem, nor did it wait for sanction or help from the parent Church. It was the independent action of the Antioch congregation, under a sense of their special responsibility for passing on the light which had come to them to the people still sitting in darkness beyond. Notice here that this beginning of missions was the work of the Church as a body. It was to the congregation the word came. They had come together for worship, but not apparently for any ordinary services, but with this missionary idea and purpose in their hearts, to lay it before the Lord, not, I think, without some hope and expectation of the call which actually came. That they were addressing themselves to some work requiring special preparation appears from these words—"and fasting.'' Fasting, we know, was, as yet, no regular part of the fixed order of the Church worship, but was reserved for occasions of special calamity or sorrow, or of setting men apart for some elevated ministry or function. Then, while they were assembled together in this spirit of self- dedication and self denial, the looked-for word came — "Separate Me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them." They were not told—they did not need to be told—what that work was. But the terms of the call reveal to us that the Apostles had already been individually called of God for this very mission — that the command which came to St. Paul, "Depart, for I will send thee forth unto the Gentiles," had in some form or other been communicated to St. Barnabas also. But observe that, although God had already called them Himself, He still says to the Church at Antioch—"Separate Me these men." The actual mission was not to spring out of any private or inner impulse given to the individual missionary ; it was to be the Church's mission. From its very beginning, therefore, mission work stands declared to us as part of the duty of the Church, not of any individual believer or private society. Not for a moment that I undervalue the work that has been carried on in this century by those noble associations, the C.M.S. or the S.P.G. When the Church in the last century was careless and cold, and the missionary spirit was asleep, it was of God's doing, I well believe, that those independent societies were raised up to obey the call which the Church was neglecting, and to take up the work which she had dropped. Let it not be forgotten again that the call came to the Church, at Antioch to make no less a sacrifice for the mission's sake than to set apart for this outside and distant work their two chief ministers— the men who had first brought order out of their early confusion ; who had formed a united and zealous Church out of the mixt nationalities of their converts in Antioch ; who had fused Jews and Gentiles into one body of Christians ; who had stood boldly between them and the jealousy and ill-will of the Judaising party at Jerusalem, and by their firmness and influence had secured to them, Gentiles as they were, equal standing and privileges with their Jewish brethren in the faith. They were not asked to make an offering to God of what cost them nothing. God was claiming the best and noblest among them for this mission. And the Church, led and taught by apostles and prophets, admits the claim without a murmur. What a lesson is there not for us in their ready acquiescence ! There are many at this day to complain that it is a bad economy of talents and devotion, which the Church can ill spare, when men like Bishops Patteson and Selwyn, endowed with the very gifts that are needed for bringing the Gospel message to our own city populations, turn away from the vast fields of useful enterprise at their door, to listen to the faint "Come over and help us" from some struggling cause in the heart of Indian paganism, some virgin mission in Africa, or some unexplored island in the Pacific. But that call at Antioch disposes at once of that favourite objection to missions—" Convert the heathen at home first before you busy yourselves about those at a distance. When you have succeeded in compelling the larrikin out of your streets and lanes to come in to the Gospel feast, then you may be free to spend whatever money or men you have left on the conversion of the savages of the Solomon Islands or of Collingwood Bay.' Do you suppose, then, that the same objection might not have been urged with equal force at Antioch also ? Was there not in this Syrian capital of St. Paul's time an immense pagan population on which the Christian teachers had made no impression whatever ? Was there not work enough in that licentious city for all the missionary zeal of that Christian congregation for many years to come ? And yet it was no spirit of fanaticism, no craving for the romantic or the perilous, no unreasoning preference for distant enterprise over nearer duties— it was the Holy Ghost Himself who called the apostles from the work at Aniioch, which they were doing so well, to be the pioneers of missionary work for all Churches and ages. In this newly-opened field for our missionaries in that part of New Guinea which is under British protection, we have a work for which the Church of Australia has made herself responsible, and in the discharge of which she looks not to the Mother Church or her missionary societies for grant or aid. That responsibility was on us as a nation before we had confessed it as a Church. When we agreed to the partition of the island of Papua between British and German colonists, we must have known that we were handing over the aborigines on the other side of our frontier to a policy which would take but little account of their evangelisation, and which could only issue in repeated misunderstandings and feuds, and the eventual extinction of the native race. All the more then is our duty clear to the islanders on our own territory — and we have acknowledged it as a Church through the General Synod, and again through the Board of Missions to which the General Synod has delegated its functions, and which has set this mission on foot. Is there any one diocese or parish, or Churchman or Churchwoman in these colonies to-day who will deny that duty, or will defend laxity or lukewarmness in its fulfilment? Let me stimulate your zeal, my brethren, by recalling a forgotten fact in our Australasian Church history. You all know something of the Melanesian Mission—the spirit of its promoters, the faithfulness of its missionaries, the heroism of its martyr bishop. But have you ever heard in what that mission originated? It originated in the intense sense of responsibility of one man. When Bishop Selwyn came to read his letters patent, he found that, by what was plainly a clerical error, the northern limit of his diocese had been fixed at 34 degs. north latitude, instead of 34 degs. south—thus by a slip of the pen placing 68 degs. more than was intended under his charge. Who could have blamed him if he had repudiated so glaring a blunder, and refused to be bound by an accident? But he recognised no accident, but the hand of God, in the matter, and held that God had committed to him the whole of this vast oversight, and so, after five years spent in organising his own diocese, he began that work in the Melanesian group of which we are seeing at this day such noble fruit. His conscience would not allow him to throw off the claim of those islands upon his pastorship. But what claim had they on him com- pared with the claim the New Guinea Mission has upon you ? Like that Church of Antioch, the Church of Australia has put its hand to the plough. By repeated resolutions of the General Synod, reaffirmed without a dissenting voice in our Diocesan Synods, by the pledges of gifts and sympathy given in meeting after meeting to Albert Maclaren and Copland King, by the very fact of our allowing those two men to go forth as our evangelists to begin the mission in New Guinea, we have consented before God and the Church that this mission is ours, and that the duty is on us to maintain it with our best. And now, after special services and a week of self-denial, in which the Church of Australia, like its prototype in Antioch, has been ministering to the Lord and fasting, to-day the word has been heard again by the Church — " Separate Me this My servant for the work where unto I have called him," and by the hands of the consecrating Bishop we have set apart the Bishop of whom you have heard, and whom we trust shortly to see here face to face, to the work to which we believe the Holy Ghost is calling him, as He called Barnabas and Saul in those first days. And it is for you now, and all the Churchmen of Australia, to determine by your sympathy and by your gifts whether his work shall abound to the turning of many souls to Christ, or shall be crippled from the first for want of funds, and even come to be abandoned in the end, to the injury of the cause of the Gospel, to your own bitter loss, and to the scandal of Australian Christianity. We do not want to have our "gathering" when the Bishop comes. We do not want his visit to be mixed up in people's minds with appeals for funds. We want him to come and speak to us out of the fulness of his heart and knowledge of the work that is being done, the extensions that are possible, the difficulties to be overcome, and the help that is needed—of every question connected with the mission except the question of money. That is to be our subject—not his. That is to be our reply as a Church to the Holy Ghost's word to separate Him this Bishop for the work. And, 0 brethren, if the memory of Albert Maclaren reminds any of you here of an enthusiasm that has passed and of promises never fulfilled; if the thought of that gallant group of men and women toiling on under their brave young leader, not to lose any ground which Maclaren had won, reproach any of you for your apathy and unconcern — if you can be stirred by the example of that apostle whom the call from on high, as on this day, turned from a persecutor to a missionary — if you want to claim your part in this the first (what if it should be also the last, before the Lord comes ?) united mission of the Australian Church— oh, with heart and soul, with offerings and prayers, with dedication of your substance and of yourselves, do your diligence to strengthen the hands of this your missionary bishop, who is going forth to be the Augustine to an island six times the size of Great Britain, and to convert heathens who have more claims on us than the slave children of the Angli had upon Gregory of Rome, that in the hour of discouragement or sickness, or seeming failure, his heart may never faint for lack of proof of the sympathy of his brethren, or his noble work ever be interrupted for want of their generous support. 