CREENBRIAR CGHOST. WlVSy had Celia refused to take me into the attic roomii? and whyv bhad she said-in such a strange manner that "it was getting dusk and we must go be low?" This was my first visit to Greenbrlar, a gloomy old place some miles'from the city, which uncle had obtained at a bargain because of its reputation as be ing the abiding place of a "real ghost." And Cousin Celia had been showing me the house, but stopped short on the landing, refuslng to go further. Now, Uncle Remus, with his whole family, disbelicred in spiritual manifes tations with a-vengeauce. Certainly, then, Celia was not cowardly. No! there were other reasons for her peculiar air as she- preceded me down the narrow fi!ght of shadowy stairs to the hall be low. Il was certain of it; my curiosity .was aroued i was sure a mystery ex isted-omieawJiere above'tlio- thirs, foor' bund I saan idfndm'uyself planning to in vestigate, the-matter, even if I had to visit the apartment by night. The family residing there, and of wrhom Uncle Remuls purchased the pro perty, could. explain the mysterious sounds they heard, but had said that "cuce a very wicked nm0ln lived'there. who, after receiving a visit from his brother, a .wealthy man of the East, suddenly went away, none knew whither. After that the house and grounds were held for sale through an agent." How true this story was I did not know nor care. My relatives "pooh ipoohed" the whole of it, as well as tile visitations, and why should I concern myself in tile maltter? I only wished to find out the reason for Celila's stirnge manner, and to see the contents of the garret chambers, and this I wats deter mined to do, by somei hook or crook of fortune. Anti fate was unexpectedly anti un kindly kind-If I may express it that way-sooner than I dared to hope. It was evening. Celia and I were under the trees, loitering :bout in the twilighlt, discussing pilans for tile mor row, when a man crossed the lawn and dofiling his cap to her said: "There has been an accident over at the Meadows this afternoon, Miss Lisle. MIrs Glynford desires yoel to come over if you can; it's her husband who is hurt, ma'anm, in a runawany." Now, Mrs Glynford was an especial friend, and of course Celia must go. Site looked at tme. "Go," said I, thinking of the third story; "go, by all means, for I shall get along nicely. I shall write to mamma or read to Aunt Lucian, or, tiring of both, retire." She kissed me fervently ait this, and ran off to make ready for her good Samaritan call. Presently she calne back. "Flossie," she said, "don't take it into your head to explore the garret chambers while I am gone; itwftpuldn't be pleasant t go go wandering aboist a lot of cold, sileit apartments in the night" (1 fancied she shivered); "besides, mtamnma doesn't approve of lights tieing. carried through the house: afraid of a 'conflagration, you know." And she laughed nervously. I concluded to dissemble. "Do you imugine I aml brave enough to stalk that ghost alone in the night watches:" I asked. "Rest assured that I shall keep below." This satisfied her, and shle walked away toward the house once more. I stayed under the trees until tell o'clock:; then I went to my room. As 1 laid my watch in its case I fell to musing. It seemed to me that my cousin had weightier reasons for not taking eme to those chamllbers; or else was over Iparti cular, indeed. My rooms were oil the ground floor. . What harm would there be in my go ing to the upper floor and, perhaps. walking the length of the corridor ? None, I peeped out into thye hall. Every body was abed; all was still, and the moonlight canmtte softly through the great windows ablove, flooding tile stair case leading thither - with a silvery radiauce. "To be afraid on such a night as this!" I ejaculated. "I am going to the corridor, anyway." Suiting the tiction to the word, I ascended? the steps to the first landing and stood a moment peering up ti the mysterious corridor above me. The next flight of steps was. not long, and soon I found myself on the next floor- in. the forbidden glmutud! Three narrow windot s lighted up this lonely, silent place rather dhimly ilearSthe landing where I stood, while the otilier end of tile empty corrilor was dark. "Well," I said. "this isn't interest. nlg; in spite of Aunt Lucia, I believe I will bring my lampi." As I turned to.go down I caught sight of the gleam of lamp-light shiining out across the polished floor of tihe corridor from under the door of one of the un explored chanlters: Celia had given me to understand that no one occupied this floor, and that tire rooms were not even furnished. Suddenlyit dawned upon me that I had come to the' mystery! Seized with a startling imnpression of dailger, I started hastily downstairs. Iloping to reach tny own apartmlents be fore being discovered. But before I had descended three steps, the door above opened, and :t stout-looking snail eainme out, dragging somtething iafter him. Insteadt of rush lng iaway to Imy rootls f stood rooted to the spot Si" a curious feeling. as if I were not miyself, Iut another., Slowly iand laboriously the manl canme down the corridor toward me with Ihis burden. As he drew near I shlranlk back iii horror; he was half .carrying, haltf dragging tile lifetless body of ia uner dered victim--murdered. I knew, by the galsing wound ill his throat, from which thehblood still trickled down. I saw it nlinliyts li'e passed.incsin the moon Ilight.o the lutnding. I held my breath; what next? Would the stout, villain ous-looking wretch see me and kill me for being- tit eye-witness to hit awfol crinme?' No, lie took no tnotice of mue 'whatever; but oplened the small door to the attic over the wing, and, dragging tile body into the darkness lbeyond, disappeared. Instinctively I lookeil toward the room from vwhich thie lamp-light shone so brightly only a few minutes before. Aul whs dark and silent. , I looked once nmore tothe attic door; it was shut, aind I saw that it had not been opened, tile bolt above the latch was not dis turbed. s "Slow did he get in?" I sat down on tile stairs in a cold sweat. I had seen niot flesh tlun blood, but the GrTeenIbritr "gghost," Involuntiily I sltiveltd and tituce to imyself agahlt Somehowt I felt that I hat gotteri hick from sonmcwhere;: the clock in tlhet hall belowr struck twelve. I rietd ti riie, but in vain. tMy hea'l swamt; I felt qiner; the corridor grew black as nliglt- above tile, and Itknew no WThen I becatite conscious again It was imoling-- hright, sunny day, atnd Ctli:! was lathiltg tny tetlnpes. "lh, killed Iim." I said exciteCdly look ing at (Cella, willt all the horror of the night lbefore in my eyes. "lce still, dear," she said gently; "you are' ill, anl have bIeenl dreaming." "'No." I said; "I saw hibu dtiag the body fromnt the chamber at the end of the eorridtor, and take it into the attic over sile wing on the west; no, Celia, I hlaven't dreamed it." Mly coutsin gave mie a startled look of inquir., buist said nothing in reply. I 1 conlst see, lhowever, that she n-was verylT tluceh disnturbt'd ly whttt I said. us site tidlied upl the rni. while I lay watclh Ing her. I \\\\.s ill three weeks fronlt the shockt I thad experilnc' ed, and, htad not C'lia: relnurced slortly iafler nmidniglt nlldt s:erched for Ine. It mnty Ihave bIeen that thit sketch wouhl have rematined nt writlen. Willen I wr:ls abl' to thllinki of return ing honte, uncle caume to me and said "Whatever you saw,orthought you saw "I did'seeit, ,ncle IRemus," I inter rtipted excitedli:. \- '"There, there.'? he sald,depreeatingly; "whatever It Wic that you saw, It, doubtless, Is something not very plea sant to have under your own roof, at least." "And now," continued he, confidenti ally, "the place is a fine one, and de sirable save this--this-whatever it is; It will not take long to find a purchaser for Glenbrlar, and the favor I wish to ask of you, Flossie, is to not mention this experience of yours where it might hurt the sale ofithe. property.' I nodded my head and sa:id, playfully: "HIow much hulluh- oney will youl give -ume uneleY" HIe looked at me for a inoment, then said. "A hundred doltars, Flossle, if you keep 'lmum' until I make a good sale." "Agreed," I exclaimed; "agreed,Uncle Remus. " sl, f -.He e must havefido a "good sale," foir m s t A-whakeay 4'y returnilbute, ht sedit me the requ'lred amount, and I ail it the price of the Greenbrltr ghost., I learned afterwards that througl'n chaluin of circumstantial evIdence.-the most mluportant of which was finding the skeleton of a man in the attic of tih western wing at Greenbrlar, the notorious first owner had been brought to justice and convicted of the murder of his brother. It seemed that his brother was very wealthy, and had brought a falulous sum of money with him, intending to invest It in properly in the vicinity of Greenbriar. The wicked brother, finding thils out, determined to have it at any price, and so took the man's life, secreted the bholy in tihe attie, and giving out the victim had returned home, sold the property. and with his price of blood left the Afler the discovery of the skeleton in the attic and the execution of the red haluded murderer they say the Green briar ghost walks the lounely corridor no more.-"West Lothian Courier." 