AS THE MINUTES CAEI3EE [By NOMAD.] A friend of wine, who drives a carfc in Geraldton takes a keen in affairs municipal- JIc has a mind of his own, is an original thinker and can express his opinions pretty forcibly vrhen he likes. He views with discontent the expenditure of money on jetties, esplanades, hospitals and such things, when the roadway of Marine Terrace is so badly in need of reconstruction. It is not repair it wants, says he, but reconstruction. As he drives very frequently along this roadway, his opinion as to its condition, must carry some weight. He puts his ease to a listener thus :— You come along in my cart some day. Don't sit down in it, but stand up. Bump! There's your hair gone. Rock ! You're three feet off the floor. You reach it again—feet last. Bump ! You get up. Bump ! Bock ! Bumo ! You get up again. Bash ! You've nipped a hole in your tongue. Bump ! You grab at the horse's tail. Bump! You're back again. Y r ou yell, " For the sake of those at home, 'stop." You get out sudden and pray for the Council—"a sure hope of Heaven and a mighty quick arrival there. On the state of the roadway from a driver's point of view, I am not able to pass an opinion. One thing I know; the road furnishes better walking than the footpaths. Bougher p-nd more atrociously uncomfortable pavements than those of Marine Terrace, the foot of mortal never trod. A man wants to be shod like horse to endure them. Boots wear out in a month and, after a pedestrian has walked from the Railway Station to the Police Station and back, he requires crutches to get home. Sooner than face another tramp, he would give up the world and the ghost simultaneously. And the pleasures of pedestrianism have been increased with the advent of the fruit season. Orange peel, lemon peel and banana peel variegate the pavements in all directions and the traveller has to pick his way as warily as if he were navigating a field of double-gees barefoot. A hurryscurry individual alighted on a piece of orange peel the other day and was gravelled in an instant. Picking himself up, he eyed the rind ragefully and said, " Scorpion, 1 lost just two minutes and one tooth through your presence." Then he scuttled along to the dentist's. Talking of pavement gymnastics recalls a football match I once witnessed, The playing field was half under water and owing to the slippery nature of the ground a foot- j : hold was with difficulty maintained. One warrior in particular made the : spectators dizzy by liis repeated cur- ! vettings in mid-air. It was his ; custom to charge with lowered head 1 into every scrimmage and seize indiscriminately upon the nearest scalp and cling frantically thereto ; until its incensed proprietor dumped : him into the nearest puddle and sat ; on him with solemn emphasis. His ' want of judgment was so obvious and ' his somersaults so wondrous and ; blood-curdling that the onlookers got > a cold chill every time he approached within ten yards of the ball. At last j he was pitched head first on to the chains', where heTay" on'thc'bVoad cf' his back staring vacantly at the sky. Then an excited spectator remarked, " At 'em again Billy ! But keep your head." The fallen gladiator sat up, rubbed the fireworks cut of his eyes and stared hard at his counsellor. Then he snorted; "Keep mc 'ed ? Ain't it me blimey fcci I oughter keep." When a man sees a flag—usually emblematic of something joyful—• floating in the breeze and bearing on it the omirous inscription ' Slaughter,' it is likely enough that he will stand still and gasp. Of course if he prefers, he can continue his walk and gasp just the same. But as a rule he finds he gasps most effectively when standing still. Many of the boulevardiers who parade Marine Terrace sustained severe shocks when first the barbarous inscription that floats over a well-known store met their vision. It is an ingenious and striking method of indicating tho sacrifice of goods going on inside. To advertise in a striking manner is a science. A man who kept a small ham and egg shop in Fremantle once erected a tremendous board over his shop He engaged a painter for three days—one" day in each of three successive weeks. During the first week the signboard showed, in gigantic letters, the words, ' Bad Eggs.' Next week the sign read ' Bad eggs sold.' When completed it ran, ' Bad eggs sold elsewhere.' That sign attracted a lot of attention during its growth, and custom flowed into the shop. i ! Talking of egg shops reminds me of an incident that occurred in a Geraldton restaurant a little while back. It was a cold night and rather late, and a hungry individual, bedward bound, sought one of those shops where supper is provided. He called for boiled eggs, and got them. After breaking the top of one he lost all further interest in it. Resting his elbows jn the table and his chin on his hands, he called the proprietor of ths shop and addressed him calmly and resignedly " My dear sir. If you happen to own the descendants of the hen that laid this egg, call them around you and present them with it. Its a fine large egg. Show those descendants what their ancestor was capable of in the way of fine large eggs. It will encourage them." At this stage the landlord showed an inclination to say something, but motioning him to keep quiet the customer went on in a tired voice " Don't think I'm speaking disrespectfully of this egg. I've a deep reverence for age, and never joke about it." Here the customer Rot up, and hied him sorrowfully to hj s home. That egg had destroyed his appetite. Thus the JhdU'tin : On the eve of the races of a W.A. town, recently, an imported gaby, having bought a particular horse's chance in a Calcutta sweep, hastened off to the owner's place with about J0ft. of rope, and requested the stable-boy to hand over the moke forthwith, "because I've just bought hun for £2 10s." Stable-boy—after recoveries breath-^" Oh, orl right. The boss is just goin' to put 'im in the dray to cart the milk to the lunatic asylum- an' I dessay 'e'll give yer a lift." Now the above incident couldn't htA'e occurred in Geraldton, because the Tow n Council, guided by the instinct of self-preservation, has never made any attempt to get us a lunatic asylum. But I know of a thing that did occur in Gereldton a short time before last races. A humorist went to an old party of this town who is known to possess a horse, old as a patriarch, aud whee/.y as a rusty pump. Fifty screws like him couldn't muster a respectable shadow between them. The humorist said " Why don't you enter that horse for the races." The old party looked lovingly at the patriarch and replied. " Not this feller. I'm fond of him. But his father belongs the man nex' door. How'd he do." The regular angler is a melancholy man. He takes his pleasure seriously, sadly and silently. Boys who fish, on the other hand, do it with enthusiasm. They don't catch anything of course, until they sneak home, and fail to explain satisfactorily ^ why a two-minutes errand occupied them two hours. You may witness them on the pier of an evening fishing in a foot of water, about twenty of them bunched in a heap. They gabble incessantly, and draw up their lines about twice a minute. The average boy imagines that his bait drops straight into the open mouth of an expectant fish. No amount of argument will persuade him otherwise. Besides, it's difficult to argue with % boy who gets a bite twic^. in a minute and glares all the while at the water. A benevolent friend of mine endeavored to instruct a youthful angler th? other evening. But the boy's thoughts were concentrated on the water, and he never heard a word of the advice. At length my friend said, "I'm afraid, my boy, I'll never teach you anything." As theyoungster hauled in his line for the millionth time, he responded eas'ly " Don't cry ole feller ! Your case ain't hope less." 