Footlight Facta [By "PASSE PARTOUT."] There's a lot of Alma Gray about the little girl of the Downard trio at the Continental Gardens. Particularly in facial expression. Thev're a very clever pair. Will Williams should advisedly eschew ' imitations' of Austin Rudd and Frank Leon. By which I mean that Williams wasn't a f-uccess with ' I don't Know,' and * I'm not Partic-u-lar.' Wallace Brownlovv is in Perth again, after being a big draw as one ot the vocalists at otherside popular concerts Der-ink levels all artistes. 'The cleverest character vocalist and sketch artist sinks to the status of the snide show singer through looking on the claret when red and the * whiskey ' when of of a golden dew hue. There is, of course, no local applicability for these observations. . 4. Freear is a kickardian importation to the colonies. Willie evidences possession of a fair amount of originality, aud he can < shake a leg' with the bast of them. ' Brannigan' was done by a new aspirant for stage honors at one of the Melbourne silver shows last week. The original none-g^nuinewithout- tlie-slgnatnre ' Brannigan' is W. B. Warner, of the X.L.C.R.C., now showing at the Fremantle Bijou. Comparisons are odious, but it is only fair to give the dears their dues, and state that as a song and dance donble the Anderson Sisters, now resting in Perih, one a matron, have put more life and go into their song and dance turns than most of the ' doubles ' that have been inflicted on Perth audiences. George Limelight Rignold is reported to have dropped a bit over his recent season at th» Adelaide Theatre Royal, and it is reported that it will be more than a day and a night before he again calls on that capricious centre. Rickards has put the extinguisher on Melbourne Gaiety Theatre, and given it over to the rats by taking a lease for a long time. Rickards adopts the same tactics in Sydney, where he usually pays the rents of one or two houses to keep them dark. Arthur Black is fulfilling the duties of mechanist at the Continental Gardens, and, it goes without saying, fulfilling them most satisfactorily. Miss Ada Baker is repeating her Cremorne triumphs at the Continental Gardens. ' Daisy Mclntyre,' ' Fishing,' and * There'll come a time* are Ada's tramp cards every time, Fred Duncan has stage-managed at the Sydney Tiv., so he knows the ropes well. He is in good voice just now, and is already a favorite at the Continental Gardens. It is likely that Hall Caine's version of " The Christian" will first appear in Sydney through the medium of the Phirm's " Sign of the Cross" company. After Sydney follows N.Z. Walter Baker, Bland Holt's leading mummer, is said to receive letters daily from stage-struck females asking him to dine, call out, aud all that sort of thing. Walter usually hands these letters over to his wife to reply to. Says " THE CRITIC. 5 ' Very li-Je a whale. George Jones, Ettie Williams, Tom Dawson, and W. B. Warner are the favorites of X.L.C.R. Company, which has been showing to good biz at Fremantle Bijou during the week. Pope and Sayles are as big favorites as ever in Sydney, appearing at the Alhambra — Percy St. John's Vaudeville show- Like Tennvson : s- Brook, Charlie and Irving go on for ever. Mr. Marcus, who ran Rickards' show at Cremorne is now *• in front" at the Adelaide Theatre Royal. Ugo Biondi is the star of the show, Bellman and Moore, Friedman (John Tudor's old partner), the sisters Llewellyn, Emil Lazern (conjuror), Tom Hamilton Hill and Arthur Glynn are "the company supporting. Mr. * Hamilton Hill,' who is none other than ' Tom C H. Hill,' erst- while of the Coolgardie Telegraph Office, and of Cremorne Theatre, is, an exchange states, engaged to be married to Miss Beannie Galletlv, the long- limbed DAKSEUSE. Miss Ethel Yorke, one of the serios at Rickards* Melbourne Opera House, is a daughter of Miss Nellie Wilson, the star serio of the same show, and therefore a sister to Miss Nellie Sheldon. Litigation over the recent failure of the " ghost" to walk at a certain city open air show is said to be brewing. Bob Bell is in Perth and open for engagement. The genial Roberto has laid in a stock of new songs and gags, and was a howling success for the two nights he showed at Cremorne last week. Martyn f i an and Lucy Fraser will star 1 pantomime at the Frc.v.-mtlc i'.ivilion Theatre at Christmas. The Prince of Managers, L. J. Lohr, is managing Conjuror Dante at the Sydney Palace Theatre, and is achieving record biz. Lohr will probably bring Dame to Perth. The Christinas MIMOI'R ••£ the SUN- DAY CHROVICLE will contain a number of pictures of popular theatricals, including those of Hlaii'l Holt and his talented wife, whose fine company may be seen at the Perth Roy pi earlv in the Neiv Year. The Virgie Vivienne Shakesperian Dramatic Company opened to • very fair business at Kalgoorlie, .and are now touring the fields. The Company will be sesn at the Perth Royal before Christmas. WANTED BADLY— by the daily press of Perth—competent and candid show critics : none amenable to the "discipline" of the advertising department need apply. Rickards was only 23 when he came to Australia. lie -rod the boards before he was i 7. Said that Harry lost £3000over the Cartwright Co. seasons in the colonies, and ^"rooo over Pattie Browne's season. Mr William Paul!, says the Adelaide CRITIC, passed through that place last. week. He is taking a trip to West Australia in hopes ot getting rid of the throat trouble he is suffering from. Though much better his voice is not completely* restored. Cup revellers in Melbourne hive been deprived of a great, treat in not hearing Mr. Paull in La Poupee. Kenningham is having it all his own way as the star of the company. Whispers reach us that the little primma donna is not the all-howling success predicted." Paull must have been over-carried, for he hasn't reached the citv of Perth yet. Amongst Biondi's proteau imper- sonations is one of Dan Godfrey. A Queensland paper commenting on the show, says : " The impersonation of Charles Godfrey was excellent, ank called forth applause. Mr. Arthur Styan, who was on e of the principals of the Charles Cartwright Comedy Cow pan; , which showed at Cremorne, is playing leads with Bland Holt's Co. at Melbourne Theatre Royal. Artistes who have shown in Perth, now nf Rickaivis's show at ttie Melbourne Opera House, are: Miss Priscilla Verne, Sydney Deane, Wallace King, Miss Neva Carr-Glynn. Among the many feats Danfce, the illusionist, now in Sydney, and who may ome to Perth later on, introduces is the * Beggar's Dream," a drama in miniature. Dante enacts the ROLE of Mephisto, transforms a ragged ly-d ress> e d beggar into a handsomely- dressed lad}*, and tempts her with bank notes, which she indignantly refuses, consequently he sets fire to her clothing, arid ail that remains are a skull and a heap of bones. The lady shortly afterwards appears smiling and attLed in evening- dress. 