NOTES AND COMMENTS. The cows in the agricultural districts down south are a cut above the average bovine. Also their owners evidently pride themselves on their cows' sense of decency, as per this advertisement, which appears in a contemporary :—'Two Cows for Sale, which will calve respectably in March and April.— Apply, &e.;' * » • We learn from an exchange that ' an American group of capitalists is about to exploit the deposits of sulphur lately discovered at Ixtaccihuatl.' Sounds like a linotype, sneezing, doesn't it ? If our contemporary hes got the name aright, we would advise 1st—etc, to go out and buy itself a new denomination right away. If it doesn't, those adventurous Murkans will all be suffering from lock-jaw within a month. A citizen whose business it is to teach the young idea how to shoot, after reading our recent woman-jaw-bone yarn, sends along the following essay submitted him lately by a ten-year-old goidfielder:—* The Monky —There is many kinds of monky besides those who live on band organB which have hands like us; some are in Asia and some in Africa but much more big. Once a man was in the woods, and he threw up a little stone and the monkys threw large ripe sweet cocoanuts, and this teaches us a moral lesson which is do unto others when they throw coals of fire at your hed. We should alwByB behave like the monky. A monky once pulled a lady's bonnet off which was at a circus and tore it all to rags and tied the strings round its neck and grined. These are the chief points about monkys.' » * * * A writer in the ' Murcbison Times' lets himself off the chain on Sunday recreation. Bis remarks are eminently sensible, and as they are on a subject of peculiar local interest we offer no apology for reproducing them in full :—' It is probably quite useless to attempt to argue such a question as the proper observance of Sundays with a religious body. At the same time the Press has the right to uter a note of challer ge even to a religious kxdy in the name of that section of the public which is not of che particular ' faith' concerned. The WeBleyan Synod has reopened the question of the observance of the Sabbath, and has appointed a committee to agitate for the remedy of what the synod calls the desecration of the Sabbath in West Australia, In other words, this absolutely unrepresentative body is going to try to inrerfere with the public, and dictate by means of legislation if possible what the public shall or shall not do on Sundays. When a religious body is convinced of a certain truth it is always rather a waste of time even to quote Scripture to show that body that it is mistaken. But we cannot resist the temptation to remind the Wesley an Synod that 'the Sabbath was made for man, and net man for the Sabbath.' The Sunday is a day of rest, of worship, but it is al&o; holiday, the one day in the week on which a large proportion of the public get a chance of an outing and a little healthful recreation. We ere all aware that all these things have been said beiore, and that to the 'minister' who wants people to listen to him three times on Sunday the words are merely idle and unmeaning. But tbe religious bodies will have to listen to the public sooner or later. Tbe narrow religious ways of the ol Puritan party may have been excellent in England long ago, but in these young colonies they are out of place. The stand taken in the matter by the gold fields people will not be relinquished. There is quite as much true religion at Coolgardie and" the Murchison as there is in Perth, und if we like to go to church in tbe mornings, and play cricket in tbe afternoons, sensible clergy will not attempt or even desire to interfere with us.' What a lot of trouble may be caused by so little & thing as a comma t Just now we struck a description of a wedding in foreign parts as related by tbe correspondent of a ladies' paper. At the conclusion of the 1 ceremony,' says sbe, ' tbe bridegroom lifted the bride's veil, which covered her head, and most of her dress.' * «' * » A fcribe we have heard of once wrote that out of tbe moutbs of youDgsters comes more sense than from tbe average member of Parliament. It was raying pretty low down on M's.P. to make such a sweeping statement as that, but the shot nearly bit the mark. A dominie not a million miles from Coolgardie tel's a story which proves that, at least sometimes, there comes from a kid's oral aperture words that show the youngster is observant, takes notes and has a knowledge of applied logic. The teacher in question wound up a scripture lesson by ' And now, Johnny Blank, tell me how the first woman wes made ?' L'ke a flash came the reply from Johnny, ' From the jaw-bone of an ass, sir 1' • * 1 « » An English contemporary displays an accuiate knowledge of our geography in dishing up an item re the big Melbourne fire some months back. It says :—' A destructive fire occnned at New Westminster, a large township on the south coast cf the province of Sydney, Australia, the damage being estimated at £500,000.' In the face of this it would be mere pre- sumption on our part to inform onr contemporary that New Westminster isan important suburb of the city of Doodiekine, which is excellently situated on Bulong Bay, a picturesque inlet on the extreme north-east coaBt of the province of Coolgardie, Tasmania, and is tne chief industrial city of the continent. • • . • • The Albany paper is at present assiduously advertising that town as a health resort, and in glowing language sets forth the various joys at the disposal of their summer visitors ; but it remains for a Perth weekly to complete the list, as it does in the following par:—' A leading Albany notable, speaking at a local public meeting, condemned the cliquism which distinguished the F.F.A.'s (First Families of Albany) in unmeasured terms as having the effect of driving visitors away from the town. His own daughters, he might remark, • were • pro bono • publico.' • Onr telegramB tell us that to-day will wit- ness the final kick of the ' Esperance Times,' which will gracefully yield up tbe ghost because the pioprietoisare convinced of their inability to make another kind of ' ghost perambulate tbe establishment o' Saturdays. Wherefore the following epitaph should not be altogether misappropriate ' The Times are out of joint,' is not The reason why the Times' goes smash— The Times ' has chucked 1 a seven, 'cos The 1 ' TimeB ' is out of cash 1 * * * » ' An English paper prints this as a ' true bill' :—« Ball room at Dublin, and Captain Lord Banfurly leaning against wall near Lady Mayoress. Lady Mayoress gets up and accosts Lord Banfurly as follows :— ' Now, Mister Liltinant why arn't ye dancing at me ball V—Lord Banfurly : ' I am not Mr Lieutenant.' Lady MayoreBB : 'Then its Mister Cap*in ye are. Then it's me darter Biddy there ye shall daunce with ; me darter's hot fur a daunce with a hofficer.'—Lord Banfurly: ' I am not Mr Captain ' Larfy Mayoress : 'Then who tbe divil are yeV—Lord banfurly : ' I, Captain Lord Banfurly.' Lady Mayoress: 'Captain Lord Ranfur'y ? Be> gorra, I'll daunce wi' ye meeself; cum on.' And the Lady Mayoress seized her unwilling guest, and dragged him round the room, which was easy for her to to do, as she weighed some fourteen stone.' • • * • An hotelkeeper was telling the story. ' There are three clergymen in this town,' he said, 'and I confess I can't quite understand them. There's Mr Meek came down to my place this week and said the doctor had ordered his wife brandy, and would I send up a case. Then the next day Mr M'Qivern, from the manse, wrote and explained that his wife was low in tone, and the doctor had prescribed good stout, so he wanted a case of the best Dublin. Well, then, yesterday Father Muldoon comes along, throws the bridle of his horse over the post, and says,' Mine is M'Ewan's pale ale; what are you taking yonrself t' ' Poor divil, I pitied him, so I did,' the landlord wqpt on commiseratingly, ' having no wife to put it down to.' * • • • A local father, who seems never to tire of recounting the sayings of his bright little seven-year-old son, button-holed us yesterday with the latest. The nipper heard the word heirloom' mentioned, aEd wanted to know ' wot's that 1' Tbe proud pater explained that it was something that's handed down fiom father to son. The kid thought for a moment or two, then observed laconically : ' Funny name for pants I' Tbe p p. may have been pulling our j >urnalistic leg, but if the yarn isn't true it deserves to be. * * * * A naughty English contemporary is responsible for the following :—In the visitors' list at the leading hotel at Vancouver the clerk found the following in the registered list of gueBts at tbe place. Why is be pondering ? 'At the Vancouver : W. E. B. Notman and wife, Norform, N.Y.' * * * • The festive comp, again. An Eastern exchange to hand eays in a notice of an amateur show : ' The Misses next executed a graceful gbirt-dance, tbe ethibibition being above anything yet seen on the local stage.' » » • » We don't Know wh tber she belongs to the Polybvmuia Club or p not ; we have a wild masculine hope tbat she foes. A friend of hers was overheard to ask her in Bayley- street if she had ever seriously taken up psychological studies. I'd like to' she replied, but I'm afraid 1 I'd never learn to ride.' 4 • * » • Apropos of our remarks yesterday upon that weird agglomeration of alphabetical atoms going to make up the name of a place in some outlandish corner of the earth, a correspondent, recently arrived from South Africa, tell us of a village over there, which staggers under the name ' Pietpotgietersrustfontein,' which, he reckons runs ring round ltxaccihuatl. Next! • • • * This essay by a twelve- year-old fittingly follows on the one of yesterday, on the monky.' It's not original, but the chances are the average readerEBB forgotten it—if he hasn't, it's time he bad:—' The HumaniBody —The skull is the place where they keep their brains—if they have any. The thorax contains the heart, and the lungs, and the liver and bacon, with other things too numerous to mention. And in the abdomen we find the vowels, a, » e, i, o, u, * and sometimes » w • and y.' Tbe Boulder has a ur ique record in matters municipal. And it evidently intends to continue to lire up to its unsavory reputation. The carryings on, fights, squabbles and periodical resignations of the first council are well-known bits of fields history. Things quietened down witbin the past few months —but i rouble us times seem to be once more ahea-l. A tel>gram received just before going to press informs us that laBt night the ratepayers iol!ed up in some force to hear their would-be representatives orate. It looks, bowi ver, as though the chin music was monopolised by a single candidate, a retiring councillor, who launched forth in fine styl 3 against everythi g and everybody connected with the Couocil, from HIB Worship the Mayor down to the horse that drags the water cait. The audit-nce 'barracked' him unmercifully throughout the bour he was on tl e flute, and alogether it seems a high old time was spent by all present, the joy culminating evntually in th breaking up of the meetiog without the orthodox presidential benedic ion 'J he Moulder should be an interesting place to live in during the next few weeks. 