/ NOTES. ? A now edition of ' .Don Quixote ' has been forwarded by George Robertson and Co. It is well bound, printed with good type on fine paper, consists of 640 images, and 16 freah illustrations by W. H. Robertson, and the price is only 2s. It is Jarvis' translation, and is a marvellously cheap book. The1, publishers are Bliss, Sands and Co. From bho same firm we have- 'Simon Dale,' by Anthony Hope, a tale of the period of Charles II, , in. Mr. Hope's most delightful style j and ' Shrewsbury,' by Stanlev Wevman. Goorgo Robertson and Co. roport a good demand for 'Duffy's Life in Two Hemis phercs,' roviewed in last week's 'Oatholio Press,' and also, for Justin M'Oarthy's ' Story of Gladstone's Life.' . ' Thoro is a wild oat column in 'the 'Bulletin.'.,- The red page, or literary oribioism, should be called the tame oat column, Ir,s oonooit can only be oompared with that of tlio. big fat oat oho sees in a woll-to-do public house.. \ ' Henry Lawson is now a Government servant in Sydney. What next? We should not begrudge Lawson a subsidy, for ho is tho poet laureate of Australia. The demand for his books is increasing. E. J. Brady's sea songs will soon be pub« lishod. It is wonderful to think of the number of nonentities who are ambitious to be inter viewed. Men oall nearly ovory day at the N 'Catholic Press' office burdened with, a message they are ready to deliver to bho world in the form of an interview. When we tell them to put what they have to say in the form of a letter to the editor, they go away feeling bhab bhe world, for ? some, is cold and unsympathetic. There are more heroes than horo worshippers certainly, though we trust every man is a hero in his own family. Poems, essays and stones, too, 'come to bhis office from all quarters. The most successful contributors are girls ; somehow the young men are unable to master tho liberary form. The boy takes a baaket full of -manuscript .to' the of floe fire in, the baok yard every morning, so that con tributors have the assurance thab the ghosts of their unsucoeesful efforts will not haunt them at the ' Cabholio Press' of floe, and they may be certain every fresh attempt, will reoeive unprejudiced considera tion. A bushtnan reoenbly wrote saying that he liked this paper, and thab he was doing his beab bo gut tho people in bhe town bo write poetry for us, and thab ho was sotting them an example. We didn't publish the example, for if a number of poets wore , to arise in a oountry town, businoss would oome-to a standstill, and they might forget to pay their subscriptions. Besides, the ( sweetest songs are never sung, 