THEGHOST OF THE.I-OUNTAINS. CHAPTER Xfi.-THEI -RETURN. When Lieutenants Seaford and Emory and Surgeon Powell had read this strange warning found by Cody, the former said: "Wcll, Cody, what do you think of it?" "I have had.reason to feel perfect confidence in my weird friend, lieu tenant." "Then you think it just as he- has said?" "Yes, sir." "And you, Powell?" "You remember the fight with the In dians some time ago, after'which Cody went on his trail?" "Yes." "That band was reconnoitring." "Well?" "We met a band the night before last." "We certainly did." "They, too, were reconnoitring as they would never have been away from their village at this season of the year." "Then you agree with Cody that the Indians intend mischief?" "I certainly do, Seaford, and the sooner the fort is ready for them and the settlements and mining-camps warned the better, for all are utterly unsuspect ing any trouble now that cold weather has set in." "You htive something to say, Emory;" and Lieutenant. Seaford.turned to his brother officer. "I would say. Seaford, that this weird guide served Cody once, and all of us last night, and he now warns us of danger, so heed it; for it would devas tate this country and cripple our post terribly to be caught unawares by a large force of redskins just now. We have missed the outlaws, but then we have given an Indian band a severe drubbing, and this. warning Is worth more than the hanging of a hundred Midnighters just now; while I notice a P.S. here which you doubtless have not seen:" and Lieutenant Emory read, under a fold of paper : "Return for another time to pounce down upon the outlaws, for you will find them here later on." The paper, passed from one to the other of the party, was read in silence, and after a few more comments, Lieu tenant Seaford said : "Emory, please give the order that we will start'on the home trail in an hour's time. " - The men had hoped for a day of 'rest under shelter. but there was no -grum bling when the order was given; and as there was every indication that the out laws, fearing the return of Cody, had left' the place for-good, all were in the saddle ready for the march at the ap pointed time. The storm had not wholly obliterated their trail, and reaching the barrier it was seen that there were the tracks of a single horse going off in another direc tion. . "That' ghost. leaves a -trail," said Cody, pointing to the .tracks,-for they. were fresh, and. evidently left by the weird guide when he returned to put the warning upon• the door. As they went along, Cody saw how easy it was' for his,to have gone astray in the storm:at the point-where he did ; for. tkerer were, to-t'aeks 'of lowland branching off together,, and he had taken-the one to the left, as there was a largoe snowdrift in the other: one. Ofclers and men all saw. this also and commented upon it, Riding at as brisk a pace as they could, the snow In places was so deep they could not hope to reach the little camp much before night; but the sun had come out bright, and there was every inlication that a thaw would fol low ,:-y:quickly in a day or two when the weather moderated,. as the icy storm' was weeks in advance of the season, and in fact heavy snowstorms were seldom known-in that part of the country. It was nearly sunset when the tired remnant rode into the camp. They were warmly greeted, for one of the scouts had gone off that day to re connoltre, and had seen at a distance a large band of Indians, evidently retreat ing to the mountains for shelter from the storm. Surgeon Powell at once looked after the wounded, and announced that they wore able'to travel, and it was decided to retire early and make a start with the first peep of dawn. This they did, the little band leaving the camnp that had served them so well at the first peep of day. Cody set a good, steady pace, and as he reached the noon camp ordered half a dozen of his scouts to be ready to strike out, when they resumed their ma-chl, upon separate trails; for Lieutenant Sea ford had decided to send warnings to the mining-canppo, the settlements, and 'along the line of the stage trails, as they would' thus be put upon their guard a day sooner from that point than they could possibly be ebould he await to reach the post. 