TEMPERANCE CORNER. CoSDUCTED BT THE HA1ULTON W.AT TJ. Mr. Francis Murphy, founder of Ae Blue Bibb-'D -Movemeoti, -has' been appointed cbepUinpl tiiB fifth Psuosylvama Begi- The late Chief. Justice Coleridge said at Unrbim in 1877 :— If we could make . England sober, we might Aut up nine- tehtbs of the gaole.' . .. The .-following clipping from a Home paper igave an insight into the tactics . adopted by Ae liquor trade in Canada da ing the recent prohibition poll.— 8 cret circulars sent out by Ae executive of the Ontario" licence Holders'. Association h.ve jcet come to iigbt, -and reveal the desperate tachos end tyrannical meAodB of .the Ontario whiaky sellers. Among Ae Aeeative committee's recommeadatione waa line to Ae effect Aat a campaigo be en- te ed upon ; by A« trade to secure by a-ubtfol praaticee the largest possible vote against Prohibition, and tbat part of Ae campaign to be tbe work of the Press. Work Ae Press— avoid public discussion,' was their m-o. , ... (Mr. Eodyard Kipling tells the world Arongh tbe colnmna of The Toting Nan. Aat A. ' understands Dow wby Ae prea chers rave against driokp totter than that, be has"h mself been made a Prohibitionist, lb 1 Aid ; any—In' -concert ball .in America be. aaw two young men get two giris drank, and then lead them reeling down a dark street. Then, rec nting previous opinions, he beoomes a Prohibi tionist. Any self denial that ProbibitioniBts may entail, mny trouble it may give, any annoyance it' may inflict, he believes is better than he sbonld, by bis drinking, help to brihg temptation to AeUps_of yonng 'fools.' With refreshing oaadonr be says that it i-i not good thet we »honld let drink lie before tbe eyes oi tbe children, ai-d 'I haverbeen wiool In writing to Ae contrary.' Vigorous action has been taken by some AjmeridahlraJlway corporations against As JanMntablqbBhiteq greatlyin vognsamonget mahy;<n their employees, of wasting time, strengA, end xn-'n-y in drinking saloons. . Very isalata y effects bave f 1 lowed. -The . looal mwaKement is developed, travellera . recqre greater' safety and' comfort, and Ae . huqsea andtoudoct of tbe men demonstrate mark' 3 improvement. At Ae same time the. mpral effect "n Ae working class is emphatic, - tow no person addict-d to tippUhgipdssesaes Ae ghost of a chance of . oepadan emplpvment on a line, even A the . eountry of railways. A Bide-light on Ae pbsttaon is afforde-i bv .a comment in 754c Chicago Record : — 'Fonc years ago, at a - galooo much . frequented by railway men, fifty -fojuemploy eea of one line were run ning nwoibly aoconnta ranging from five to fiftren." dollata., Reoently, at tbe (game (uUooi), only rix men were running bills, , pune k wh totalled mora than fin jdoUara.' .: - - . ,: 