I pioneers of Nihilism. fl| gj Fbid Wbishaw in Windeor Magazine I fl One cold night in tho antumn of I I iji" a party of fifteen youDg men, I ringing ia "8® froin abont »wenty teiri to thirty-five, set round a I ' B.jij, furnished room np four Bights I 0 dark aod evilly smelling stairs in a I bonis io 'stersburg. There were j oot oearly enough chairs for all, but j ,|,hi> who were not accommodated with I fea'-lfg8 stools made themselves tqaally I comfortable hy lounging upon «eatn I (jib do legs at ail, such as the door, 1 piatonof'a trunk, and so on. I Ibe youog fellows were engtged in j , carioas occupation. Seated at the j table, Dp»o which l»y an open bnndls j 0f fflnnnscript, was a dreamy youth of tin at) -four or so, one Dosloiefoky, the tabor of the manuscript aforesaid, I riinee paces he turned over at intervals, j Hlf lying upon the floor, with bis I bick against the stove, reclined Petra- ebefsky, the president, reciting very dramatically, from memory, what I appeared to be the contents of the I US. ' for Doatoiefeky at the table followed the recitation, turning over tbe pages as the reciter glibly finished each in tarn. ... j Bat at last Petrachefsky hesitated, paused, added tentatively a few words' ad stopped. 'No,' hs said, 'I've itack; 1 should know it if yon prompted me, but that's not the point.' \ybo volunteers to go on f asked the aatbor Bt the table. 1 1.' cried a dozen voices at ones, and immediately a second reciter took np tbe table, mooing correctly through pveral psgeB ere he, in biB torn, failed j Ib memory, aud a third was obliged to occopy his place as exponent. U was (bile the latter was still i« the midst ot bis reeitatioD, and going well, that Dostoielsky held np his hand. 'Stop a minute, Platouof,' he said, 1 1 hear a tramping in the street — it may he the gendarmes' fl Pletnnof rushed to the window, which was a projecting one and per- j mltt'd the road beneath to be clearly ' fl Ben. j fl 1 Great heavens 1' he muttered a H moment later, turning a white face to- wards tbe room. ' Yon are right, fl Ftiia, it ts a squad of gendarmes.' ' What of the papers, Platanof !' said fl pctrachefeky, who. as the leader of this fl party, hid grown pail and anxious, fall fl of tbe sense of a deep responsibility, fl 'Are they all in order! Answer quietly.' fl ' There's nothing bat this one letter fl front Tugnf, received to-day,' SBid H Platonof. 'It is rather strong — what re ibtll I do with iti' I 'Give it to ate, quickly,' said Pet- B rachefeky. He snatched the letter, fl Iam ib vanii41f> fit - UflV H and placed tbe scraps upon the table. | mt 'There,' he added, 'help yourselves, I H lads — each eat one and swallow it j j fl don't choke, help it down with the j rodka, put the bottle ou the table, j Fidia. So.' :H Each youth quickly swallowed bis j B morsel of paper, aod half a dozen ot I them consumed two pieces ; tbe vodka | vsibed tbe curious meal dowic- The I whole letter disappeared in a half a J jfl mionte. Petrachefsky lanfaed. I fl ' There,' he said, ' that was well end I H eipeditionsly done. Let the blood- 1 banude scent it out if they can. Bat j they'll have your bonk, FhdisJ; can yon hear to part with it t ' H Bostoiefsky unexpectedly hurst into | tears. He seizrd the MS. and hugged j fl it to bis breas', ' I love It ! I love it 1 be cried ; ' I cannot bear to let .them fl| have It.' 'but, my pior areata, eaia xei- 1 rachefeky. kindly laying bis hand upon 1 H the distieised youth's shoulder, 'you 1 have seen tbat we all have ib by heart, I H practically speaking, and if one for- j H gets, a doz-n others instantly remember. J fl Your ppU nded work shall never be lost ; j it is i inly tho soiled paper tiiat these j H bloodhounds can rob ns of j the poem, I every word of it, is imperishable com- 1 fl mit'od to our hearts ; let them' send ns j wbi'ber they will, we sbsll not forget | it, dear Russia shall not lose your j work— is it not so, brothers f 'It is so, it is true, we wall never . fl forget one word of it, FAiis,' cried re every mau in tbe room; Petrachefsky H oodded approvingly. listen DOWj' hs H nid, ' it shall be told, in the coming time how that fifteen young patriots fll the piuneers of progress slid needed Hi reform, preserved to Russia this poem, H vnicb shall for centunes oe oer giury. i H. aod our names shall go down to .1 posterity with yonrs, my Ikila becanse J fll of this thing. Be cotnf opted j itshallj HI he as I say.' Dostoiefsky kissed -the MS, end 1 fl threw it down upon the table j he.j dashed away his tears end to>k tbe | H| president's bend and wrong it. j 'Forgive me,' be said; 'I wss a fooi. j fl Gad reward you all for your goodness; j H my poor lines — I ought to jbev® re- 1 fl membered — are enshrined in home H e million times twbler isnd worlibierj fl than this poor parchment, for you. carry j H them in your own dear hearts. I stnj B qoito content— let the written book., go!' , You see, Ffidia— — -.began Petadie- sky, but Platonof at the window In- < terrupted him. ' Hush 1 ' hs said, ' they haye'entered B tbe front door ; the frifwk Xywd H porter) let them in, curse him! with- out warning as ; how did he know we ere prepared 1' ' Listen, they are coming - up the' stairs ! , whispered someone. 'What shall we do, Petrachefsky 1 'Let them come,' said the president. 'What care we I, As a matter ot fact, whether Petra chefsky and the rest cared or not mattered little; for the gendarmes had practacilly arrived, and there was no way either to escape or to keep them out. Tbe heavy tramping of a con siderable body of men, who tripped and s (.ambled in the dark etafyway, .and swore loudly at tbe vileneaa of the approach, came nearer each moment, and in a minute or two PlatonoPs door was loudly thumped from without. Then tbe leading gendarme— an officer — not waiting to be invited to enter' pushed the door open and came in. ' AhJ! ' he mattered, smiling amiably the whole hornet's nest — or near it!' Good evening, gentlemen ; are you armed any of yont ' Armed ! ' said Petrachefsky bitter ly ; certainly not ! we leave brute force to the Tsar and bis servants.' ' Good ! , asid the officer, ' and the wiser yon, for they are the stronger ; search them, nevertheless, Petka, and you, Yainka, but cautiously ; the rest of you overhaul the room, keeping one eye npon the suspects meanwhile, leet they fall upon Petka and Yainka. Seize every written or printed paper, and shoot; anyone who is interfered with in the execution of bis duty,' Those who ware deputed to search for weapons and papers did their work quickly and thoroughly. Amid jeers and laughter from the suspects they dis covered a few old accounts; some ob viously innocent letters from relatives, and so on, end threw ell their treasure- trove upon the table. Platonof a desk was broken into, and every paper ex amined and collected ; twenty-five roubles in notes were fonnd, and these were annexed likewise. 'Look in the etove and up the chimney, you, Ysinka ! cried the officer. ' They heard us coming I ' But neither etove nor chimney yielded - any fish worth tbe angling for. It doesn't matter, | said- the officer geuially ; there is plenty without, I Lord ! bow cold it is here, Petka ; light I the stove — there are matches, and I faere'e paper.' He took the precious manuscript — I the poem which was to he BuBaia's I pride and glory for centuries — and I tossed it into the stove's month. I « Which of you ia Mr. Doetoiefeky 1 I he continued. 1 Dostoiefsky, very pale; hut fim now as the rock of troth, stepped out. I '"Weill' he said, j The officer bowed end smiled. J 'You will pardon my _ freedom with j thin charming work of yours, Mr, I Dostoiefsky 1 It is better for all parties I that It should burn, be ieve me ; the I work is full of talent, but— if I may be BO Dolu — miBpiacea sua uu»yru'3u talent. I " Excuse me,' interrupted' poor Fhdia, 'but were you sent to lecture me upon a matter as to which you can know nothing 1' Oh— oh— nothing!' laughed the gendarme ; ' see here — do yon recognise these lines! and the fellow quoted, with perfect correctness, half a stanza of the burning MS., reciting as a matter of fact, perhaps the most revolutionary sentence inthe poem, which, indeed, if judged by the standard of that which in these days would be passed by the | Censor himself as harmless and inno cent, was ecarce'y even mildly liberal in its tendency. Dostoiefsky started as he heard his own lines quoted, and I grew, if possible, a shade pa'et Pet- I rachefeky flashed red, and stepped but | to take a look round the room, i « Who is absent!' he said. ' Anyone yddes Tuzof ! No! Then it must have obeen Tngof, and may all the saints and devils persecute him, both in this life and hereafter, for the-villain has betrayed us ! ' . «Oh! hush, hush!' laughed the officer, « uucurse the poor fellow; ne really had no alternative; under the circumstances ; besides would you blame for allowing some of ua the opportunity to hear those inspired lines ! Fie, fie, Mr.Peteachesfy, . The I knoot is a - wonderful# refresher of I memories ; Togo! remembered the I .greater part of the poem, believe me, I and a rare treat he gave ns. No w, j gwilwrnnn. H Fon kindly reply . to l yonr name : P«trchef-kj,' tm cOn- I turned, reading from a'list in his ha""- l;«8«y> here," please, Mr. Petrachefsky., | <You see I am here,' ss3d the latter Janrllly. Very wen. — I koow most ofyoo ; HftenrtfAw to answer to their names they do so at their Tjwnrisk ; forif any personprerons shoold afterwards prore to te othar then one of those on thislist, be wiU have teen arrested as though actatllya; delioqaeat; and he will not be released.' . - J Arrested f ' repeated half a dozen voices ;f 1 what fori . - Sedition, pnbHshing revolutionary j matter, jiiid <«r belonging to ou iUsgai secret soriety,' ' . . ' . " I pBfcrarhe&ky-j; 'you srill find . a I .difficult matter.' , . - -- . .« \- Thehnoot provM all things, naifl Uhg gendarme. 'Now,- answer your j jSamwir?®; #T fou please.' - , rNotamsuanswercd as«mW« iread the1 "fifteen iom«frOm- thle«s \ though twonr three were pals as dealt and nnt to fainting ; -and wheu he had finished, tbe gendarmes, at a sign pre sented arms. 'Follow me, gentlemen,' said the officer, and down the dark stairs and out into the night marched the little band of snBpeote, the armed guard briDgiug up the rear. Then, for many weeks, within tbe precincts of the fortress, wherein the whole party were confined, were held investigations and inquiries, having for their object the conviction of this band of youths of various offences against the State. A few of them were, ob a matter of fact, somewhat dangerous characters — the pioneera,tt may be said, nf the more advanced s-cion of the Bevolotionlsts of to-day and these few bad certainly been guilty; if it could have been proved against them, of menacing atierancee aga\n-t the Tsar and his Government. Bntth-. majority of the pioneers were mere dreamers, harmless young humanitarians who spoke, and wrote, and sang songs abont universal brotherhood and the desired emancipation of the serfs, sod ao on ; yah. In spite of the compa a ive guilt #' the one party, and tbe absolute guilt of the other, it is a fact that the wor.-t thinge proved agaiost either these inno cent or those guiltier ones were : some few remarks made against the Frees censorship, Dostoefsky'e noble but quite harmless epic of freedom, and certain utterances in favour of tbe emancipation of tbe serfs, a measure which was deatined to beoome an established f»ct within a very few years. All this would form no very serious indictment in these days, bat at that time, long before the latter-day Nihilists were known or existent, it was sufficient to condemn a man in the eyes of the tyrant Nicholas and his myrmidons, who would have no Russian call his soul his own. Consequently, one winter's day, the examinations having been finished, and a military tribune having considered the case — without troubling the suspects to appear before them ! — and passed judgment upon them, the delinquent- were driven out to tbe square known as the Semebnofsky Plain,' to hear their sent- nee read. Tuere were thiry-two criminals in all,thenombFr Including those connected with Petrschefsky'e 1 conspiracy,' as it pleased the authorities to call it, and a second party of similar character, and among these appeared, at Semebnofsky Plain, poor Tugof, more dead than alive with shame, because this was the first time tie hal met hie associates since his extorted confessions had assisted the authorities to convict them. The wretched fellow looked tbe ghost of his former self, for (he knoot and the misery of having become, in spite of himself an informer, had together proved too muck for his spirit. His |evidence for the prosecution bad done bim no good, moreover, for hero he was now among the convicted, brought in with the rest to bear the general sentence read out. The unfortunate prisoners had been stripped, in spite of the cold, to the shirt and trousers ' to hear tbe sentence,' jnst as though their sheepskin overcoats would have suffered with their sense of hearing. 'There's Tugof,' said Petrachefsky. ' Corse him ! but for him your book, at any rate, Dostoiefsky, and perhaps our liberty might have remained at the service of our country.' I care nothing for the book,' said Dostoielsky, 'for, thanks to you dear fellows, my poem is safe ; bnt I wish to heaven they wootd read ihe,8BDeoce and give as oar overcoats ; half an hoar of this will moke a chattering idiot of me.' As for Tngof, poor devil, he looks more dead than alive 1 ' eaid Monrof, 1 have once tas'ed the knoot myself, and I felt then that I would deliver orerto the demon who ewnng it all I held' most dear, if only I might be spared one stroke of it ; we must not blame him too much.' Annarentlv. however, some of the pioneers differed from' Monrof io their opinion in this point, for there was a sudden shont and a scuffle, and it wsb seen that Gtegdrlteb, one of the convicts, had thrown himself asvagely upon Tugof and borne him to the ground, while he strove fiercely to choke the poor fellow as he lay. A dozen gnarde instantly fellnpon the combatanta,bnt so savagely hmd Gregbritch Wound his 'fingers round the throat of the other that it was found impossible to onclssp them. . -« Stand back all, shoaled the officer, -I eh all soon pat en end toihis brawling. Gnt of the way, there. What! is the courae rf justice to be impeded I Stand bade, I say.' He raised hie pistol ae ha spoke. Those who had surrounded the combat- ants scrambled outof die way.hurriedly, but Greghritcb paid no hoed ; his eyes, ablaze vrith the Just of vengeance, wore fixed like a wulPa opon bis prey. 1 here was a toad report. Doitiefsky shuddered Ahdlooked away, to did other refined And sehtitire ones among 'the pioneers.. Gregdritch stiffened as he knelt over his victim nd then fellforward.but without loosening his 5gr«p,! od presently it was found necessary to carry. ®W»yi the men together, the .dead and the dying, : for there-was no parting them. _ It was- a grutedme sight f or thoaa who witnessed It. - . . . SfJ, shocked and saddened by this and whoddering. with lbs -cold hndwuspeosSgthS rest of ihennfortunsts bsnfl'Sralfia nnitil it should please their judges omve snd acquaint them with timir 'adoom- Boma workmen were busy In "comer ot the greet square knocking large posts Into the ground. For want of better occupation Platonof and others ' watched tbe work. ' What Is it they are making ! ' men acked one another ; but no one could guess, though it was agreed that it could not, in any case, have anything to do with themselves. Dreamy, intenee Dostoiefsky was busily occupied at this time in relating to his nearest neighbour the plot of a novel which he had thought out while in prison. Tbe listener became rapt and absorbed in the story. ' It is splendid, Fidia,' he muttered. You will be another G6go',.by Heaven ! yon will.' 'Remember it, dear Y«inks,' said Dostoiefsky, 1 and if I die in prison, as I probably shall, write it up io our joint- nsmesL God will prosper the work in your hands ; I shall pray for It.' ' I will try my best, I swear it,' said the other, 'but I shall never do it justice ; live, Fedia, and become great, the greatest of Russians ! ' The words were prophetic, for in after years this novel was written aod helped to raise its author to that pinnacle of greatness, in Rua-ia, which be shares with Gdgo, Pousbkiue, Turgfenlef, aod Tolstoi. Bnt a great rambling of wheels interrupted tbe conversation, and a huge van was now driven npon the ground laden with long deal boxes. The van passed close to the group of con demned men and drew np alongside tbe pUce where the workmen were just finishing tbe business of koocking in their posts. ' My God ! Yainka, did you see tbat f mattered Dostoiefsky ; they are coffius — thirty -two of them. They surely do not intend to murder every man of us !' ' Ob, they dare not ! ' cried Mainks, white as paper and with lips that trembled bo that hie articulation suf fered. Petrachefsky, pals but courageous, walked among his fellow ' conspirators.' ' Boys,' he said, those coffins are for as— we are to be murdered," bnt let us show a bold front. Wo die for Russia.' Five minutes later tbe judges arrived and tbe sentence was read out, when it appeared that Petrachefsky's gruesome conclusion was only too correct — they were to be shot, every man of them. Four posts had been set in position, end to these were lashed four of tbe ringleaders, Petrachefsky, of courae," being among them. A firing party now took its stand in front, sod the officer presently gave the word, ' Ready.' Then he looked abont bim, as though he hoped tbat a reprieve might yet arrive in time. He was a kind-hearted fellow in. his way, and knew well enough tbat these poor youtba wero receiving very hard treat meet for their slight offence. God bless him ! ' muttered Dostoief sky ; ' he feels for u.». ' But the sympathetic officer had al ready pronounced tbe sentences, ' Pre- sent arms and 'sbonl-jer arms, and was on the point of issuing tbe fatal command to fire, when an aide de camp amoung the group of judges and military grandees standing close by lazily waved his hand. Luckily the officer observed the ges ture ; he approached the aide-de-c&mp.; ' The prisonersare reprieved, ' drawled the latter; 'there is a revised sentence. . For this undeserved mercy they must thank the clemeucy of his Imperial M«jei-ty.' Tbe 'clemency "iad arrived a little too late fur one of the reprieved, however, for when the poor fellow, laughing and shrieking in tnrne, was unbonnd from his post it was found that-tbe trial had been too much for his reason ; those ter rible moments of suspense had made a raving lunatic of him, and a lunatic he remained for the rest of his days. Tberevieed sentences varied according to the proportion of guiltiue<8 of each offender. Dortoiefaky received one of tbe lighter sentences, being condemned to four years agricultural labour in Siberia, to be followed by enforced con scription bb a private, with deprivation of bis rights as one of the ' petite noblesee. Thus this poet and genius was con demned to spend fnrtv-eigbt long mouths among the scam of'the criminal population on a Siberian farm, and afterwardB to Berve with the colours until, at the accession of a kindly Alexander I1., he was r-stored to freedom and (for which his snni had yearned wi>h a l-mging which was al most intolerable) io the enjoyment of bis literary talen>. Many of biB id-as and plots, and not s few whole scenes, had been intrusted, daring bis years of captivity, to the memory of biB follows, among whom it was considered a- point of honour and of duty of the fatherland to ricollect religiously and accurately every w-'rd that Dos- toiefsky, their beloved poet aud novelist, produced at this time and eht rusted to their keeping, pencil and paper . being fn-tiidiinn Inxeries to him on account of his well-kuoxn influence upon all people who red his patriotic words. Within s couple of years Dostoiefsky bad gained that place in the great heart of the people which he holds till this day, the darling - of the poorer classes, and especially of the injured, the oppressed, and the discontented. 1 Moreover, he. had dooe his work as one of the fathers of reform in Rusala, and for the comparative freedom which the Press has- enjoyed from . tills' time for ward his countrymen muet chiefiy thank this favourite writer. Unfortunately, in the Petraehefeky conspiracy lay tbe Seeds of two widely differlog plants, for from It sprang the danker growth Nihilism, the weed of terror; and violence, aod disorder — which was poison to the gentle spirit of Dostoiefsky — as well as to the healthy, fruitful tree of jnst reform, Mr plan which he watered with his tears, and to the cultivation of which he devoted tb# successful labour of years of fearless writing. Since then Russia has become, comparatively, a paradise ; the lot of Siberian captives has been so improved tbat the old horrors of exile are prac tically non-existent ; the knoot is now scarcely known ; tbe peasants are free, and enjoy a position superior to that of any Europeans of their own class, being proprietors of a gaeat portion of the soil of their country, in allotments quite enfficipni to keep them fat and rich when — which, unfortunately, is scarcely ever — tbey are fairly sober. For much of tin Rareia has to thank those who, like our fathers of reform, began to lift the veil from the eyes of authority. The work is, of coarse, but hall finished, and there ie still need of many reforms. But every development worthy of tbe name ia gradual," and tbe tendency of Russia is undoubtedly s movement onward towards tine civilisation. 