OUR PARIS LETTER. Paris. Anril 9. The French take the checkmate of Russia iu China complacently; that is to say there is no openly expressed irritation. At the same time there is no pleasure indulged in at England's forward policy in obtaining such ail ad mirable naval base 1.500 miles north wards from Hongkong as Wei-hui-Wci. It may not be as excellent as Port Arthur or Eiaochou, but it meets and satisfies British needs, and as Sancho l'anza says, when one is content there is nothing more to bo desired. The Temps is slightly disturbed by the British scoring. It is the organ of the Foreign Office, and may be accepted as pouring balm into the wound of the ally. Baron dc Botlischild's journal, the J)eials, sees nothing extraordinary in England having the usufruct of Wei hai-VTei. as Russia has of Port Arthur ; bat in being accorded the reformation of the Chinese navy an omnipotent advant age has been accorded, to Britain. It is to be hoped that the womb' of time will not see. as was witnessed some years ago. China dispensing with English aid in favour of her own naval talents. England is occupied with other Chinese negotiations. It was only a part surprise to learn she has a secret understanding with Japan. Sho will give up Port Hamilton when Russia withdraws her Swiss guards from the Seoul palace. Then there is no reason why Japan should not secur.- the lease of a sphere of influence on main land China, just as well as the other grabbers. Russia has so tricked her out of her war triumphs that a compensation is due her. It is also observed that the conduct of Russia has brought about n better understanding between England and Germany—a situation the dual alliance will not expend the burning of a taper upon to express its satisfaction. There remains France; there can be no difficulty in her claims for compensation being arranged, provided she does not attempt to encroach upon British interests, or to adopt her West African tactics. .England caa no longer be cajoled and bamboozled by soft sawder. Tunisia was the last dose. People are confused and confounded respecting the Spanish anil American war. It is to be hoped that further delay in the outbreak of hostilities will allow the trembling chances of peace to gather strength., Bnt America desires to be rid of the Cuban question for good, and is satisfied that can only be achieved by according C-bans their independence. Will Spain climb down ? All is in that. Perhaps she will prefer a campaign ore she swallows the bitter pill: The Spanish colony in Paris is anything but gay just now ; they know the terrible odds against their country, and how the conflict must ultimately end. Spain has no allies, and her staying power is measured. Like other nations, France is trying to stave oil the war. She has a very large interest at stake in Spanish finances, and the " drops " in prices have already deranged her exchange. However, she sells no ships of any kind to Spain ; instead, she gives good advice and wishes a happy deliverance for Spain out of all her troubles. The latter cannot pay the national debt of Cuba, some £90,000,000, so it would bo better in the mutter of the unconquerable Island, to "loose her and let her go." If America bikes possession of the Philip pine and Canary Islands, and sells them to recoup her war indemnity, Germany and England it is said, would be the reversionary bidders. People are apprehensive that the Dreyfus question will come up again in the courts. It seems the army is not prepared to accept the decision of the Court of Appeal quashing the proceed ings of the court below. It wa3 the Chamber of Deputies that forced the Executive to prosecute Zola for his scorching letter upon the finding of the Esterhazy ■ court-martial. The Minister of War has Hcch ruled by the appeal to have had no right to prosecute Zola, it was for the court-martial to take a collective action ; thntbody will now I have to decide either to let the subject j drop and he huricd in the bosom 'of11 the deep ocean, or prosecute. Zola is1 determined and ready to fight, bnt in the new trial, he asserts, 'new matter that was kept back will be forthcoming.'" It is for the Government to decido if 1 the agitation is to be reopened. A por- J tion of the Press is demanding that ; Zola's name be struck off the roll of the ! Legion of Honour, and the War"' Minister and those generals ho scarified " intend to individually indict him for : defamation. In that case they must no longer remain protected by pro-. fessional secrecy, so that the entire Dreyfus business must go into the public : washtub. It would bo a wise man who could divine how it trill-all end. Xo : one reflects on the army, but the imbroglio is not the less'asserted to bo a ' matter affecting.its status. The courts have ruled on two important cases affecting authors and writers. II. Dubout claimed the right to reply to his critic, M. Jules Lemaitre, in the ' " Kevuc des Deux Mondes," for his remarks on the drumn of "Frcdcgondc," a play presented last year at the . Couiedie Francaise. The editor, H;' Brunetiere, declined to publish. Dubout's • reply. Tho latter took action against the review—the leading one in France;—and was cast. But hp:: carried the easo to the Court of Appeal, that awarded damages to secure costs, and ordered the reply ' to bo inserted. Having won, IT. Dubout announced that he had vindicated _ the right of authors to reply to their "... critics, and did not wish his reply, to appear, or damages to be paid. Hence forth, if the review of a book or play bo unpalatable, the writer's reply must be published. '} Unaccepted maiiu-. scripts will not be returned." That is a common notice in newspapers and periodicals. A gentleman sent to the " Correspondent," a fortnightly review, . a novel for acceptance. It lay asleep in tho editor's dr.iwer.for ftvo years, 'and no notice iras taken of his letters to , return the manuscript. He sued, the proprietor, and received expenses and the story. The court ruled that so long - as the periodical took no notice of trio application for the return of the manu script it was not responsible, but prico! entering into correspondence .with tho writer, it was liable for all conse- ' quences. Housebreakers are quite common in l'aris ; ' thoy are only dangerous, liho rats, if run into a corner; be polito to . them, and they will give back sigh for sigh. They acnerally bunt in couples. " A few weeks ago, two house—or rather room—breakers entered an apartment; they had all the world before them where to cnoose, as no occupant was visible. They speedily packed up tho . loot, but before retiring visited a sort of boudoir, were they beheld a dead woman all in coffin toilette, and with outstretched arm threatening them. They turned; right about, left tho loot, and de camped. It was the owner, an old lady, who acted ghost in the absence of police men. Two young burglars tried tbeir 'prentice hands at pickiug and stealing,' in the empty rooms of a commercial clerk. In the last room was tho owner, as dead us Queen Anne, having hanged' himself through misery. They dedliko ' . a Chinese general and his army. Death is all powerful. Auidmer was cooking a veal cutlet with tomato sauce, when he remembered tlmt was tile anniversary: - of his wife's suicide, who had hung •' herself in tho next room. " What is the nso of living for a "chop and a tomato?" he asked himself. He went into tho room, and sus- • pended himself from the same lamp ring where his wife hanged herself. He bungled tho affair; his groans were heanl by neighbours, who arrived aiid cut him down. A doctor and n policeman., were called. In the course of an hour he was himself again, and in- ehurgo of a detective sat down to the" cutlet, merely remarking it had become quite cold. The French seom to viow the world • as coming to an end. England, that - was viewed as dying out, has burst into, fresh life to all appearances, is ready, and not unwilling to fight in any ', part of the world. Yesterday, the • > Afridis were cutting her sol dirts up badly on thu Indian frontier; to-day the Afriilis desire _ta chair Sir W. Lockhart, their con queror,on the occasion of his temporary farewell, end . ask to be allowed to Britain's/enemies,. Russia;.would da"weii «.to stick.a pin in that fact. In Rgyptj Emir Maluniid has led the back-, tMie-r and mayhap all the hone—of the KtiJifn's.army into Sir II. IGtchencr's trap,' who exercises the. Anglo- Egyptian • army/at their expense, pending .the rising of the Kile, when the excur sion party far Khartoum will set out. ThoAMhue and cry" should oiler a reward .to discover where the asserted settlement of the West African .Anglo-. Trench dispute has vanished to. Crete \- itself 'promises to be pacified before the invaders of Jfikki return to their own manoeuvring ground. \- The automobile car is making rapid progress in Paris. One vehicle has appeared with the figurehead of a horse, life-size, to remove the unyoked look of the!front of the vehicle. It will not do; it imparts a childish, a toy look to the car, The Automobile Club has now. 1,200 members, and. every member is bound to he cither able to engineer a motor .car, or to possess one. Pour yeatfs ago the society was founded by its ,two presidents, one of whom was . actuated by the desire , to save the Paris cab horses from their daily cruelties. The! club has .just purchased the finest site iu the city for its home, at-the corner of the entrance to the avenue des. Champs. Elysees, for 1,250,000 francs. "Wonders will never cease. Parisians . are how capable of taking in the idea of tlit; 1900 exhibition by the arrival of the axle of .the big wheel, . copied after that of the Olympia at London. It weighs 36 tons, and its trausport to the Oharnp de Mors from the railway station which delivered the Goliath beam was d sight for .early risers. But Paris has seen locomotives of -13 tons ere now being conveyed through the streets. In the Chamber of Deputies a collec tion of inedalsis now on view exhibiting the costumes of the legislators before 1789 and up to to-day. This exhibition is said to be the reply to.some young repre sentatives, who, their " minds ta'en up ;vi- the things o' the State," would like to figure in sword and cocked hot, as the laird o' Coekpen. The impression is •that the laws are best made when the representatives dress as they please. Theatrical critic Sarcey recom mends dramatists to arrange in their ■ plays to introduce some animal in an outlandish role; it will he-certain to ; captivate men and children. There was 'a . play once wilt-re an elephant :\vas trainedVto Tralk- up and out of the prompter's box—it took the house hy storm'. ,. ' 