[copyright.] DAYS OF DANGER. Thrilling narratives of the Bnsbranglng | Times. Xeenan's Ghost. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN FIVE PARTS. PERIOD, 1846. PART I. IK May, 1846, a surveying patty em ployed by the Van Dieman'a Land Government-in the north-west part of the island met with a strange experience in the neighbourhood of Mount Valen . tine, a huge peak adjaoenl to the world famous Mount Bischoff, whioh boasts the richest tin mine in the universe. The party were under the guidance of an ex perienced leader named Evan Edwards:' As thename implies, Edwards was Welsh to the' backbone and spinal marrow, though his oollege training in London had smoothed away the roughness of his accent, which in his youth was rugged as his native hills. The practical life he . led did not, however, mollify the deeply " rooted vein of superstition which ran through his nature, and he was prone to see signs and portents where really no cause to introduoe the supernatural was apparent. . He had four men* with him, named John Weston, Edward Jones, Michael Eeenan, and Joseph Walsh. They were hardy young fellows who loved the rough life whioh their occupation entailed, and managed to judiciously combine business with pleasure. The wild crags and dark glens whioh hsd been familiar to Evan Edwards in his youth paled into nothing, nese before the stern majesty of nature in the localitiea which the party were endeavouring to explore. 'They were in the great hollow formed by Mount Valentine, Bidel'a "Bluff, and Cradle Mountain, with the great ranges ■running like spirea to conneot them. Prom the first monnt right to the sonthern ocean at Arthur Bay, a distance of fifty mileB, a vast range extended to the weat with long spurs jutting out at intervals to the north |nd approaching Bass Straits. Korth and south of the main range rivers of more or lesB magnitude ran. The most important were Arthur, Hellyer, Emu, Cane, Detention, Black Duok, and Montaguerivers. To the south of Monnt Valentine a perfect network of rangoa bewildered the observer..- Cradle Moun tain foimed a magnifioent background to the irild scene as it rose with its vener able crowif of show. In the Waratah Ranges other rivers, such Bathe Pieman, Donaldson, Coldstream, and Huskiaon, took their source, ao that the whole of the north-weat oorner of the island was splendidly watered. The rugged hills and towering clifis which' everywhere met the eye, intercepted with narrow and profound glens, to say nothing of the, dense vegetation, made, however, settle \- meat rather a difficult matter. It was a region for the miner rather than for the farmer. The first shook whioh came upon the men was in a deep ravine near the southern base of Mount Valenl ine. Every step hsd literally to be fought with the axe. It' was rare, indeed, that an open space was found over which the chain sodtd be ran. The track had to be made with hard and unremitting labour, and in doing this the men bad at timeB narrow escapes from the reptiles which infested the district. The dense under growth of oreeping plants whioh entwined with the,shrubs and trees often necessi tated a week's work to cover a quarter of a mile of country. The rough axemen saw nothing in the locality but the sylvan barriers, yet a botanist or a geologist— and indeed ton lesser extent the zoologist —would have revelled iu the profusion of animatedand inanimate nature which wavsosttered around. . . It-was little wonder that the members of the survey party considered they were ' the first white men who had ever pene trated the region. In days gone by, before the' V black battue " took place, the .aboriginal mighthave roamed at large, tkongli probably not in numbers, as they would prefer the more open and equally fertile central districts. \- On the morning of the 3rd May, 1846, i Eeenan was leading man in cutting the' narrow track through n deep and pecu liarly wild glen whioh ran at the southern'! ' base of tbe mount. The. bauri vine in: places almost abut out tbe light of day, ! but that dreaded horizontal oreeper 'did' not prove such an obstacle to progress as . the ordinary upright scrub, as the ebain \- could be earried along underneath the former; though it wae really surveying in. twilight. . • ' Keenan bad just reaohed a more than usually obstinate spot near the foot of a gigantio tree which lowered farabove its fellows, and was silently blaspheming : the luxuriance of nature, when a sheet 'bf bark was exposed by the last vicious tughogavest some severed undergrowth. It fe certainly not an unusual oiroum stance to meet witbabeets of bark in a , looallty where it abounds, but ibis particular sheet of stringy-bark had a . peculiar fasoination for the trackmaker. Resting the axe on thegroundj'he leaned on ihe handle and contemplated it for 'home Seconds With a puzzled look on his faoe. The-reason .for this was soon obvious. .The'bitted piece was about seven test long and two feet six inches broad, audit was out atboth endaas by -an axe or hatchet. ' The chops on it'were quite plain, though judgjug by its anpearsboe, the bark.haa lain at the spot for two or three yean. ' In ptaoes jt bad been torn away aatbongh by wild animals, and there was something so uncanny about - the whole thing that tbe Irishman did not care to touch it until be bad tbe company of one ./ of his mates... , - ' . He was ahont to call out for. Weston, whom be knew was cloze behind, when -on. turning he aaw the leader himself Rooming np. ; ■ ' Wbat s the matter, Mike f' he asked \- Sa.he noticed the pertnrbed look on the. face of the man.. . \- *1 don't know, sir, There's something "here 1 can't quite make out. Ttlooksas if epme white men bad bean here afdfe oa.pooket that pieceof bark. It's \- been put with an axe,' eaid Eeenan, jIBvah IjMwarda took*, quick glance at \- the object indicated, and then burst into a loud laughs \ _ *Didit'never boour to yon, Hike, that ^ the blackfetlowe are' able to use toma hawks and axBS, and that moat of them SOlitf those useful articles I: Don't von : yee the blacks hsvodoiie this f' . , 'Well, ( never'thought sbont that afore. Of oonrse I aee it now,' answered Eeenan, joining in the laugh. ' I'll move it, at any rate, and see if ould Nick himself be hid under it. Perhaps we may find a gold mine about.' As he spoke he lifted the axe and tried to shore the hfcary sheet of bark off the spot on which it lay, but it did not yield so easily to his efforts. ' Don't catch it like that, Mike.- There may be a few snakes under it,' cried Edwards, as Eeenan dropped the-axe and Was about to lift it with his hands. Baring a healthy fear of being taken - unaware by one.of the reptiles which the. Irishman abhorred, he stopped, and lifting a stick, the chief of the surrey Party gave him. a hand to remore the sheet of stringy-bark. It yielded, so to speak, reluotantly, as though it were human and like a person in the witness-box feared to gire. up ah important secret. At. last it broke suddenly away and slid down about a foot on the ateep incline where -it was lying. Both men sprung back .as if indeed half a dozen hissing serpents were about to spring at them, for there was a mystery revealed by the act. A silent grinning skull, unspeakably grim and portentous in auoh a place, looked up— or, at least to the men, appeared to gaze dtrtHedrifrom the eyeless sockets. The sknll—so much of it es waB uncovered— seemed perfect enough, but only a por tion of the skeleton was as yet laid bare, i For nearly a minute both me a looked at each other alternately with a glance | At-thB skeleton, bu,t neither spoke, and 'as they were thus mate, Jones and. WeBton made their advent oh the strange scene and quiokly saw what had fascinated their ^omrades. ' It is the skeleton of an aboriginal, I suppose,'' remarked Jones. \- ' No, it's nothing of the sort, so far as I can aee. We must take off the bark altogether end make a thorough examin ation. Aboriginals don't wear boots and white men's btoifaes ; and can't you see a boot-toe stickiug&tit; at the end there 1 Lift off the bark so 'fhst we may get a proper view,' answered Edwards. Now that the first shock of the dis covery was over and there were four men present, the instructions of the chief were quickly carried out, and the ghastly relics laid bare. ' There were merely the bones, and with otfiP'6'r two exceptions they were all present, a somewhat re markable fact when it is considered that numerons wombats were in the locality, and being omnirorr -r^tiieyjire of course not particular whatlHS.. if food they eat. A pair of well-worn boola still encased the feet-boneB, or rather contained them, for most of the bones had become dis united. A rough skin cap, presumably an oppossnm skin, was beside the skull, and sundry fragments of clothing showed that in all hnman probability the relics were those of a white man Poking about the debris with a stick, Edwards atruok something hard, which gave forth a metallic sonnd, and it was quickly uncovered. It proved to be a small (in case about five inches long, fonr inches wide, ^ith an aperture not more than one inch noross. It had the lid end all complete, and did not seem to be muoh the worse for wear. * What on earth can be in this ?' spoke the leader as he picked it up gingerly and looked upon the article with ardent cariosity, a feeling which whs quite shared by his companions. Edwards shook'the box/but it did not give forth any sound'which might indi cate its contents, and from its lightness he conoluded that if it was not empty it. only'contained papers, and be expressed j that view, to those around him. 'Onfypapers,'repliedWeston. 'They may prove most important and lead to a solntion of the mystery, for snob it most be. I suppose the body is only that of some poor devil of a convict who ran away in the terrible deyB of Macquarie Harbonr and perished here,' he added. 'Then lie must have lived d'long time after his esoape. The Macquarie station has been closed for a quarter of a oetf tury, and this skeleton has not lain here for more than three ypars I should judge,'returned .Jones. * Well, he might have lived for years and years in the hnBh. There is nothing impossible-about it, I suppose,' replied Weston. -'His boots and.clothing wonld not have lasted long in this district, anyhow. If he had .pillaged-any of the settlers the authorities wonld have heard -abbnt it, and all the country-side wonld have been on the gvi cine.' Oh, no; ,the Macquarie tlieoty won't do, Jaok. We must have something better,' answered Jones. * I am of yonr opinion also, Ted. This body could not have lain here more then threeor four years. The bark was com paratively good, end (he .remains an. fairly well preserved. In euoh.a moist district time soon tells on anything perishable,' added Edwards, who was busy with his knife trying to take off tha well-fitting" "lid of the box which hadj been partly rusted. ' It was with no little trouble that the top of- the.mysterious tin-box was re-1 moved, end eager expectation reeted on! the faoee jof the men as they peered ! forward to eee what it contained. On i the top was e layer of woolqaitedry, and this led to the conclusion that; the con tents were valuable. With aome anxiety \ Edwards removed this and aaw that thej box was Sited with the Bame material, but ont it it .peeped a small piece of silvered edging. Turning the box up,! the leader was enabled to get hold of i this, and he. pulled forth—not a valuable deed ordocument—bnt limply a photo graph on giass. . . v , : It waa a simple daguerreotype, bnt the ; likeness was olear and argil preserved. It was thatjot^ man apparently about forty yean of age, bat with remarkable face and head. "The latter was almost" completely hald, whilst the fade had an expression that oneeseen conldnot easily be forgotten. It was sinister in the . ex treme, and the forbidding "countenance wae heightened by a Boar whioh ran in a: diagonal direction right across the fore: 1 head. A small semi-oircle of heard ran: -from under each ear round the chin—or, nther underneath it—whilst the rest of1 the faoewas clean-shaven.: There wee - no name of Anything to'indicate whose likeness it wasf'sara the ^photograph: itself. "That could not/he mistaken by anyone who knew the original; 'Poor devil,' said Edwards, glancing down at the hideous outline ofboues. ' He has left enough to Identify thebody by at all events. Ton aee, .'Weston; he conld not have been ah outlaw,' or. at. least a oonvict, and carry mn artiole like that about. The authorities wonldtake wood cate of that, you may depend, bra nny of yon an idea of the original f he concluded as he passed this photo, round. : One after another of the menexamined it, bat they all emphatically answered the question in the negative. Walsh was at the eamp doing cook's duty, ahd when he saw it later on he was af ffc hne opinion as the rest. : "v 'If I once eaw aman like that I should I notforge| him in a harry. Th&t; sou would Je enough to identify him. No, it in a perfect stranger to me,' he added, handing back the photo. Hone of the men had the least doubt that the photo, waa that of the body beside which it traa found. That seemed too apparent to need argument. The careful way in Which the photo, had been, kept went far to confirm theaupposition. it-wan highly improbable that one man would so cherish the memory of another as to go to sneh trouble in keeping his likeness, and so the surrey party came to the oonclnaion which any other' five intelligent men would arrive at. .. After a farther exhaustive search, and nothing more being fonnd, the next question was what to' do with the re mains] It was easily answered. They must be buried, ' We couldn't have a better landmark than this monster here if the police ever require the bones,' said the chief, glancing up at the gigantic Stringy-bark tree which uproBe beside them. ' There isn't a.bigger fellow tor ten mileB around, and as it iB right on our trenchsnt-peg to the north, we csn easily find it again. We'll dig a grave juet off the track there and put the bones to rest. Get your spades, lads, and let us make a Start.' Weston went back and returned with a pick and a conple of spades, and dig ging operations began. ' I'll peel off a conple of sheets of b&rk.; We can put one under and the other above the bones so as to keep them together if they are ever wanted,' said Edwarde. He went round the huge tree to get a suitable part to strip, when he oame upon the identical spot where the large sheet found on top of the skeleton was taken from, and oalling hie comrades, they examined it. The whole of the party were good bushmen, and they soon ar rived at the conclusion that not more -thanihree years had elapsed since lite tree was denuded of part of its covering. That at least was something proved, though as Weston said, the body might have Iain at the spot for months or even years before the bark was thrown over it. 'This man may have been dead for years when some wandering blacks dropped soross it and so placed the bBrk. If white men bad done it we would probably have heard of the dis covery, bat you may depend that Euro f eans had nothing to do with the affair, n the fint'place they would have found the - tin-box, and Becondly they would have buried the corpse somehow, if the bones ore those of a white man, as I fully believe them to be, then they have never before be seen by a white person. A stray black has put the bark there,' Weston argued. His comrades did not think it worth while to dispute the assertion, though they did not at all believe the theory. Yet in a manner they were almost forced to the same conclusion, for if a white man had so kindly endeavoured to give sepultur% to the corpse, why was the matter never reported to the authorities f There were two answers to this. Either the good Samaritan had himself subse quently perished in the trackless wilds, or he was interested in not giving such information. The latter, of course, insinuated that murder bad been com mitted, though if that were the case it was difficult to understand why con sideration should be shown to the corpse ' when only violence jfas offered it in life. Iif a settled district a murderer haB ! reasons for trying to hide the visible | evidences of his guilt, but not eo in that | far distant jungle of the north-west as it waa in 1846. The first theory waa the more probable. There had been a party of two or more explorers, and death had overtaken them for their hardihood in venturing into suoh a desolate region without a proper base of operations such as n government survey party main tained. It was very likely, indeed, that the expedition, if each it was, bad not been properly equipped, as the fact that no report of two or more men having die appesred-hsd ever reached the authori ties eo far as Edwards or his men were aware. That would indicate a poor and badly arranged party, for'if they had not friends or relatives on the island who wonld be interested in their fate, they mast be indeed friendless. These and a soore of othBr thoughts floated through the minds of the men as they arranged the hones for burial. At the suggestion of Jones, the boole and every-fragment of clothing which could be fonnd were secured in order that they might assist, if need he, to identifies! ion. The aknll was also carefully examined to ascertain if .there' were any signs of violence, bnt it was perfectly sound and intact. When alt was completed, one of the sheets of bark cnt off by Edwards was laid in the bottom of the grave, and piece by piece thebones were arranged in as perfect shape as possible." It "was a gruesome task, especial!}' under the cir cumstances and amidst ench surround ings, bnt'the men ware not unused to rough and weird scenes, and in half an hour all that remained to ahow that anything unusual had occurred at the spot'was asmall mound offreshly-turned earth at the foot of the giant tree. 1 Well, lads, we can do no more. I«et OS make a mark on this tree, giving the date on whioh the bones were fonnd, aiid who by. It is not impossible that death may overtake the whole of- us in .this region before we have « chance to give information of our find, and then usefnl news might be lost to the authorities,' spoke the leader. * God forbid that we should have to go under insuob a place as this. I don't suppose it matters much to a man where he dies—when he ib dead—but while alive X shall do my hest. to keep so,' especially until I, get back to civilisation.! This isn't even a fit place for a bandicoot to die in,' returned Jones with a laugh, j In the meantime Keenan, who was a fine axeman, had blamed a portion of the tree, and began cutting the day and date,i and underneath the name of Evan Edwards and his party. It was done in the nsnal enrvey style, and that accom plished, the work of track-cutting was resumed. The Irishman was somewhat afraid of the dead, though no living man could frighten' him, and many A time during the day he oast glances towards the forest giant where the unknown lay in his eternal sleep at its base. To Be'Coitonded. ~ The Effects of Smoking. . An English scientist /has made some interesting experiments as .to the effect' of nicotine upon thelnugaand heart. He has arrived at the conclusion that a mian of easy-going a«tore can. smoke a great deal without mnch injury to him self, while a nervous man will xJamage his -health seriously by smoking much A manwho takes, plenty of .exercise in the open air may smoke with imjfunity^ while he who site at a 'desk should in-' dnlge in Hie'weed bnt very slightly. ' Three GoodStories. Mr. Stephen Gwynn telle eome good stories in the "Cornhill Magazine." Hera are three of them: At a political meeting in Scotland pro ceedings opened with prayer; bat the audienoe were not »U of one mind con cerning the things prayed for. So, when the ministerreaohed the petition,'Grant, 0 Lord, that ihd great Leeberal party in his country may a* hang thegither,' a roice from the crowd interrupted trith a loud and irreverent' Ahmen.' ' Not, O Lord,' went on the speaker, ' in the sense in which that profane scoffer would have ye to understand it, but that they may hang thegither in ahcord and oonoord.' ' I dinna so much care what sort o' oord it iB,' struck in a voide, ' sae long as it's a strong oord.*' It is told of Chief Baron O'Grady, who was trying a case in an assize town where the court-house abutted on to the fair green and a fair'was in progress. Out side the court -were tethered a number of aeaes. As oouneel was addressing the court, one of these began to bray. Instantly the Chief Baron stopped the speaker. ' Wait a moment, Mr. Bushe ; 1 can't hear two at once.' The court roared and the advocate grew red. But presently, when it osme to the eumming up, the judge was in full swing when another ass struck in—whether by the counsel's contrivance or not, who shall eay? Anyhow, up jumped Mr. BuBhe with hie hand to his ear. ' Would your Lordship speak a little louder ?—there's such an echo1© the court.' There is a Aory of the Duke of Wel lington, which, if it is not true, deserves to be. " At the time when the British public was seised with one of paroxysms over the position of Queen Caroline, a mob caught the Duke walk ing in Piocadilly and ordered him to give three cheers for the Queen. The crowd was in a very ugly temper, and few men would have kept their heads. However, the Duke was put up in full view of the assembly, and with a firm voice cried out; ' Three cheers for the Queen. And may all your wives be like herI* It was an appalling retort; yet by the very as sumption on which they were there, it could not be resented : a masterpiece of strategy. 