7 hamlet. mr wilson barrett's rendering "the herald" criticism REPLIED TO BY THE ACTOR. AN INTERESTING LETTER. Mr Wilson Barrett, the eminent actor, writes to u» from Her Majesty's Thea tre, Svrinev, -.as follows:— Permit me to thank you for your cour teous criticism on what you term my "Homily on Hamlet," and ask you to kindly crantmethesnnrf- tn mm-.v) misapprehensions that have arisen In regard to It. You say the article In the "Argus" was not an Interview. A re presentative of the "Argus" waited up- tin nnd Questioned mo upon ninny topics' chosen by himself and his editor. Those nutations I answered to the best of tny ability. No notes were made hy the journalist, who trusted to his memory to reproduce my remarks und most ad mirably did he respond. I never saw- any proof, nor did I know that tny ob servations had appeared In the "Argun" until the pnper was received by me hero. Among the many subjects discussed was Hamlet. Presumably the editor of the "Argus" considered this the most Interesting portion of my conversation, nnd, discarding the other topics, printed that only. Is this not what Is termed usually an . Interview, nnd the course adopted by all editors in regard to them? You say, "It Is a lay sermon in which the actor Justifies and extols his rendering of the part." I think the representative of the "Argus" will boar witness that, though I justified my conception, 1 never once alluded' to my rendering of the chornc- , tcr. With you, I do not hold a man of thirty to be middle-aged; but I believe that a boy of twenty, such us Laertes was. speaking to his sister, a girl of seventeen, of the love of a man over Ihlrly, would be most apt to look upon such a passion us that of a tniddle-aged man. You say "that none who have seen Mr Wilson llairett's performance of Hamlet would take him to be a day under thirty." This T do not for a mo ment dispute, but because an actor or actress cannot physically realise a'chnr- aetcr, nre they Justified In distorting It? Trid you. Sir, ever see a Juliet capable of giving an adequate performance of tbo character who could look fourteen? 1 take It that it Is the first duty of nu actor when studying a character to en deavor to discover the meaning of his author, to. get ut his motive, and the psychology of the port, and then to the best of his ability embody the poet's ideal, and reproduce, as nearly as his ph5'sical qualifications will allow, the outward appearance of that conception. You say, "We come next to Mr Bar rett's denial of the vacillation In Ham let's character." 1 have never made such a denial— on tho contrary, I fully admit IL Hut I think far too much mress has been put upon this one shle of ills many-sided character.' Hamlet frequently ncta with the nuwt remark able quickness and decision. Let us take his first scene na an example. No sooner has Horatio told him of the ap pearance of the ghost than Hamlet sets to. work and cross-examines hlm with all the alertness of a practical liivt'S'Ot'. The when, where and how are brought out in thu clearest-' manner, and immediately Hamlet say "I will watch to-night;" and he does watch that night. "1 will speak to It;" and he does speak. Not much lock of decision here. When the players arrive does he not at once con ceive the Idea of the play, "to catch the conscience of the king?" Immediately on the success of this ruse, going straight from the play to his mother's closet, he comes across the king, and draws his swonl upon hhn, and would then and there kill him. but that would not be revenge, to send the murderer, purged ot his sins, to Heaven. No, he cries — tip sword, and know thou a more horrid bent. When ho to dronk al«,ep,.or In -his rw. Or In tho laccotuou pleasure of his bed;. At gaming, swearing; or about some act That has 00 relish of salvatlou In't; Then trip bltn, that bis heels may kick at heaven. And that his soul may be-as- damned and black As bell, whereto It goes. Hut a few moments later, in his mother's closet, he believes, on hearing the cry of Polonlus. that he litis caught the king about "some act that has no relish of salvation In't," and without a pause his sword Is out, and Polonhis Is slain. Where Is the Inek of action herv 1 Again, when he suspects Kosencrantz and Gulldenstorn on the voynge to Eng land, he abstracts the commission from tbelr cstWn, copies It, Inserts lit It their names In place of ills own, and adds "That England should the bearers put to sudden death, no shriving time allow." Is this indecision or vacil lation? When the pirate gave the vessel chase, and grappled with IL Hamlet says : 'T hoarded them, on the Instant they got clear of our ship, so I alone became their prisoner." Ho was the only one who bad bonrded the pirate — the first in action, 'the first to decide. It Is too ofton supposed that Hamlet gclays his revenge over a period of some years, ;is a I matter of fact, the whole action of tho play does not extend much over four months. At the opening of the play Hamlet's father has been dead barely two months — "nay, not so much —not two." In the play scene In the third oct, Ophelia says : " 'Tls twice two months! my lord;" so that from the be ginning of the first ant 'to the? close of the third we must allow ten weeks. Allow ing six weeks for the time between Ham ad's murder of Polonlus and the death ofOphelia.we have only the four months; iur Ophelia dies u.i the end of the rourth act und Is buried at the commencement of the fifth. Immediately after the burial tho bout of foils takes place, and Hnndet kills the king, llomiet does hesitate; he does pause nnd ponder, but t times the swiftness of blu action Is marvellous; nnd surely all sides of his jhnrneter should !» considered. You say, "Mr Wilson Barrett mistakes altogether the'relathm of the actor ami thr public." I presume you mean In this fwirtlcular Instance. Are you Justi fied In the assertion? Hoes Uie public think with you? If so. how comes 11 that I played H-amlot In Melbourne on the last performance to the largest re- relpts ever drawn by that ploy In the tolonlen, notwithstanding the weather And powerful count-r ntiracticms. to an audience which reenlL'd me six nnd reven times at tlie termination of Uie ants? As l matter of fact, 1 have played Hamlet more often than any other living actor- heating the records for receipts, not only hi Melbourne, but In many cities In Eng land and America. Is It not a little odd to accuse the pro ducer, author, or part luithor, of such plays ns The Silver King, Lights o' Lon don, Komany Hye, Hood man llllnd. The (olden Ladder, Now-.-i-Days, Claudion, Cllto, The Manxman. Uen-my-Chree. The Sign of Uie Cross, and scores of other more or lea successful works, of mistaking the relations of the uctor and , the public? If long and Increasing popu larity does not prove that an actor un derstands his relations with the public, What does? Now, sir, to the other two points at Issue between us In regard to Hamlet. His age and sanity. You instance the grave digger's lines In support of tho contention Uiat Hamlet Is thirty. The lines aro : "I have been scxlon here, man and boy, for thirty years." My reply to this Is that these are not Shakes- p.ure's words at ulh- but were Introduced fur the convenience of some actor incap- ublc of looking 'tlie youthful prince. A man who lias been sexton, man and hoy, for thirty yeurs, supposing him to have hven twelve years of age when he began to dig graves, would be forty-two. Why. then, for generations, has tho actor been allowed to tnnkc up us the grave digger looking At least sixty or seventy years of ago without remonstrance? If the I'M is right, tho actor must he wrong. I have never yet. seen n picture or draw- lug of the '-ave yard scene lu which tlie grave digger Is not represented as a very old man; and quite light, too; the Mutton should b»- a very old man; and he Is always proxv-ntcd to the imagina tion as such. The lines fixing his age forty-two, or thereabouts, have crept Into the text without thought on the part of the interpolator, ami the actor, while altering the text, retained the con ception of the character. The line. "Yorick's skull has been buried In tlie earth three and twenty years," has been Inserted for the same purpose; the ori ginal line reads "a dozen years." The other lines are no more Shakespeare's than the passage rending, "Our son Is fart and scant of breath." The state ment that Hamlet Is thirty year# of age no more accords with the rest of the play than docs the line "fat and scant of breath" accord with Ophelia's description of Hamlet : "The gloss of fashion and the mould of form;" moreover, Hamlet asserts that he's in good condition "Since he went into France 1 have twn In continual practice." Yet another argument is, that Hamlet says to his mother, alien reproaching her for her sin:— RcbriHoua bell. If thou canst mutlno In a matron's bonro. And wo are asked to believe that tho word "Matron" signifies a woman flfty or sixty years of age; therefore. Hamlet must ue thirty. Is not every mother a matron, whether she be sixty or six teen .' Tlie whole play turns upon the incestuous Intercourse of the queen and her husband's brother. This had been going on during the lifetime of the dead king. If we may irust the words of tlie ghost, who says:— Ay, Unit Incestuous, tbat adulterate boas. With witchcraft of his wit, with traitorous gift; Won by his shameful lust Thu will of my mo.it sei- ming vhtujus queen. Imagine a woman fifty or sixty years of age Inspiring such a passion In the mind of a nian like Claudius. Imagine Shakespeare building so glorious a tra gedy as "Hamlet" on such a theme. With a handsome, sensual, attractive woman of forty It Is reasonable, but surely not with a woman of flfty or sixty. Over the actual statement;) of llamlet'a ago made by Hhnkespeare himself there should be surely no controversy. He Is constantly referring to him im "young." He refers to Romeo juj the "young Horn co," nnd ngnin to Orlando as the "young Orlando." Will anybody ansert that either Borneo or Orlando Is over thirty years of age? Will anyone avouch that Shakespeare's power . of Imagery was so poor und scant that only the one word "young" could bo found by him to describe n boy of nineteen, like Romeo, and a man of thirty. Ingo is only twenty-eight, "four times seven years," he tells us. Is he ever alluded to as the young Ingo ? In the first scene Ilorntlo alludes to Hamlet us the "young Ham let." Horatio Is himself a young man. In the second scene the king says. "For your Intent In going bock to school in Wittenberg." It Is Immaterial whether ho meant school or college. So far as we can gather, the schooling woufd com mence at twelve or fourteen, nnd before the age of thirty a prince like Hamlet would be commanding" armies in the field; witness young Fortlnbras. Again, if Hamlet had attained his majority, why Is he not on the throne? Granting that the throne of Denmark wont by election. Hamlet is a beloved son of a beloved father, "loved by the distracted multitude." popular, and with absolutely no bar to his claim to the throne. In the third scene Luertos, in warning his sister against Hamlet, says— For iistiilct, ttntl tho trifling of his favor, Hoi.! It a fashion ozij a toy in blood; A vlolnt in ihc youth of prlmy nature; Forward, not pcnaaticnl; aweot, not lasting. Can we believe for a moment that Shakespeare would use the word "for ward" — I.e., "precocious" — concerning the love of a man over thirty years of age? Laertes is himself a young man of not more than twenty-one or twenty- two. Would he be likely to speak of the love of a man of thirty as being in the "youth of prhny nature?" Further more, he goes on to speak two or three lines, which seem to have escaped (he notice of nearly every commentator or critic, who bus endeavored to fix the age of Hamlet ut- thirty, viz.— Far nature ravccnt doc not grow alone In thewa and bulk; but as this tompto waxes The Inward norvlec of tho mind and soul Grows wldo wRhftJ. If these words have uny meaning nt all, they mean that Hamlet has not done growing, either physically or mentally. Is it possible that Shakespeare could have written thus of a matt thirty years of age ? Polonlus takes occasion to warn Ophelia against Hamlet because he is young. He says— For Lnpd Hamlet, Believe so much in him that he Is young. „ In the second scene of the secoml act, speaking tn Rosencrnntz and Gullden- stqrn, the king says— ' 1 entreat you both, That being of so young days bdought-up with him, And sllh ao nelgbbor'd to his youth.. Hamlet himself, speaking to these two young men, appeals to them by the "con- sonaney of their youth." The king fur ther alludes to Hamlet ns "this young mnn." nnd again speaks of Rosoncrantz and Culldenstern as his "two school fellows," Ophelia. speaks of "the rose and expectancy of the fair state" and "that feature of blown youth." . In fact, there is hardly a scene in the play, in which some allusion to llamlet's youth is not made. And against this over whelming evidence what ? Two or three doubtful nnd Inconsistent lines ? Now ns to his sanity. . There can be no doubt ns tn Ophelia's madness. Is it -ilkely-thut Shakespeare would be guilty of the serious dramatic - and artistic error of muklng®l)olh tlie hero and the heroine of his piny insane? Is Hamlet ever mad In soliloquy? Is he ever mud when with Ills trusted friend Horatio ? Is there the slightest allusion In the first act to Hamlet's rnndn"ss until he has confided to his two friends the Idea that he "hereafter may think meet to put an antic deposition on?" Hamlet, after he has seen the ghost, has rnpldly made up his mind to avenge the death of tils father. He knows ills uncle Is a mur derer. tie knows his own life would not he worth n pin's purchase if by an acci dent the King should learn that he Is cognisant of his crime. He will f-.-Ign mndncMS to cloak his designs and lull the suspicions of the King. He knows, however, that Ilurallo and Marcellns fire aware that It" is perfectly find he makes them swear not only that tliey will novcr "make known that which thiy huve seen," but further : How strain;" or cl<l '>Fer I Ix-ar tiiyv|f. As I perchance hereafter rhnl! tblnk meet To put on antic dcp'olUon on, Tbnt you, nt nuch limes scclnx inc. never choll. With firms encumbered thus, or thin head- Or hy pronouncing of some doubtful phrase. As well, well, wo know, or. Wo rould, and If no would. Or If wo list to speak; or. There be, and If they Or nuili ambiguous giving out, to noto Tlul you know aught of mc; tain not to do, ' So grace and isorcy at your mom nced'hrlp Fo all-Important to the understanding of the character of Hamlet does KhnkcH- poarc consider this that he brings the Ghost back twice to make Horatio and MaructlUH swear that they will never reveal, by net or deed, the fact ihnt Hamlet Is not mud. Ami If this Is not evidence enough, we have Hamlet mak ing his mother promise that tlie King will not for— A pair of tecchy Ui«u« Make you ravel all this matter out. flial I oMuufially am not la toadnraa Hut mad iu craft. ' And— Lay not that flattering unction to your soul. That not your troapua. hut tuy umdaesa speak. Again— Bring mo 10 tho to&t;, And I tho matter will re-wortl which owdacu Would gambol from. Even ttie King, after watching Hamlet with PolonluB, says— Nor ivhat ho rp<du>> though U lacked form a Httlc, Was not llko madness. "Ho Bball with speed to England." Ho I»not Insane; therefore, he Is dangerous. Could uny author have taken more pains than this to Instruct the actor how n character is to Iv played? What weight ran the theories of any commentators have ngulnst Shakespeare's own unmis takable words? I apologise for the length of this com munication. The mass of evidence In favor of my rontcntlon Is so great that I have not even now by any means ex hausted It. That the matter is one of wide und Increasing interest I am sure— the numbers of letters I have received from all sorts and conditions of - -nvn prove this. Let me In conclusion ug.Mn thank you for the fairness of your ah- tide. With an opponent so courtcuus fighting becomes almost a . luxury. 