AUSTRALIAN DISCOVERY . [FEOM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT. J A controversy bas arisen with respect to the alleged discovery of Australia in the year lC06j by Pedro Fernando de Q.ueiros, more generally known as Quiros, a Portuguese •navigator, in the service of Spain, who rose from tho position of a seaman beforo tbo mast, to that of a commander of 3 flotilla fitted ont by the Spanish Government for the purposes of geographical discovery and colonisation. The claim was recently ad vanced by Cardinal Moran, of Sydnoy, and it is somewhat snrprising to find an edncated dignitary of the chnrch so imperfectly ac quainted with the life and voyages of a zealous Catholic like Queiros, as to put forth any such pretensions on his part. In the 60th chapter of the ""Viajes" of that adven turous voyage, Queiros describes his discovery of what he supposed to be a great Southern continent,' and of which he took possession in the name of his church, of . tho Trinity, of St. Francis and St. John, of the order of the Holy Ghost, and of the King of Spain ; and ho ; called .the ..country ;not, Australia, but Austrialiadel Fspiritu Santo, in honor of the 'Royal home Of Austria," to which ho dedica ted, hW discoveries^ ^ lie further, tolls, lis that lio marked' out the site of - a city which was to bVnamed the Hew'JeruBalem ; and that he orgahised'an administration consisting of 23 persons "who were" duly sworn •' in, as it was this purpose to return to Spain, and to induce the Government, to colonise7 Australia. Un fortunately for his visions of a great dominion in the Pacific, and fortunately for ; mankind, it turned out, that his imaginary continent .was only ac island and not a very lirge one either... It still, bears the name he gave it of "Espiritu Santo, and it is the most westerly of the "New Hebridies group; so Queiros was never within IS or 28 degrees of the island continent1'of Australia; tho aboriginal in habitants of which thus escaped slavery or extermination, the usual Spanish methods of ."civilising" native races in those days. 