GENERAL NEWS. AUTHENTIC MEDICAL OPINIONS WORTH KNOWING. -Dr. Oahorne says : J use SANDER & SOSS' EQCALYPTI EXTRACI as a spray for naual catarrh, low fever, asthma, &c;, wi;h great success. I liud this preparation superior to all others.' Dr. Stahl : ?- | have u«el ldri0U:l prrt, paratious «f Eucalyptus, but I eet better results from SANDEli & SONS' EUCALYPTI EX TRACT thaa any other.' Dr. Preston : ' I never use any Kuralyp'us preparation other than SANDER S: SONS', as I fouud the others ti be saving that SANDER & .£ONT$' EUCALYPH EXTRACT is the best in Iho maiket.' In in flutiizi, ul! fnvers, throat and lung tcuuhU, diph theria, diarrluxn, dysentery, kidney complaints rheumatism, wounds, sprains, ulcers, &o; . it is invaluable. See that you get SANDEB & SONS' and reject spurious preparations, which lire torn' times supplied by unscrupulous dealers. Oue of the saddest shooting accidents that have taken place in the Shoalhaveo district, und tlieEa have been many, happened on Wednesday afternoon at Sand Flats, near Coolangatia, and on (h. a Hurry 13-U,to, where a flno young man named Harvey D E»y, a brother of Dr. and Mr. Ales. H.y, Mrs. P* H. Alorton, and Mrs. Jooetaud, of Sydney, lost his life, IJews came through from Uoolanjratta on Wednesday uigh', at which time the unfortunate man was in a oomatose condition, with Drs. Lewers and Daweon iu attending. H seems th»t vouna Hay and Mr. John Mortoo, who were spending a 8«-ort holiday in Shoplhav.n, had been oat sbootine and during the afternoon they engaged themselves iu rounding up a bull ? It was while at this work that Hay's stirrup leather broke— the leather was found subsequently by Mr. Ryan-and he fell to the ground. Siiuultaneau. wilh ihe fall occurred a »!mrp report of a Winchester riBc Mr. Morton thoughf, Hay, who was some distance away, li.d shot the bull, but on proceeding to the spot he found him lying in a sumi-unconBcious condition with a serious wouu,! o-. the head above the ear and the 'discharged gun lying some distance nway it having exploded simultaneously with tbe breik'lnK of the stirrup leather. The injured young m u was conveyed home to Cnolangatra. and medical assistance summoned from Berry, but he never rallied, and died at 6 o'clock bo Thursday mon 1 ,e ^eoeased ^a, 22 years of age, aud wa, «taiiUy Th-! other day, an ol 1 felloir who had nearly rallied hisceutury, said ihut he.hail been a oou eistant smoker all through his long life. That .'nines 'f amoking pure wnoleaome lobanco, such as t ih 'Pignet.' The uphlic service list just isauad shows a grand t,.tx' «f 15.5S7 oflioeip. '1'ho «nl«rif8 uuxiuoted to £1,87S559, irruapm-tiveof £'6l),Sl'2 in ullowaoccs, ai-- t'4l.55S tiicnverilUbnrsiMiii'U's. A B '?»'? nas fur mime lime be-n creating a scare o- L,.,iiiMgfm, nea- Prill (W.A.). The other niglit a number of i cii ients wylaid ihe ghost, and baiel hi'nupwiih a revolve'. Tncghiiqt.-whiuh wasoTaytd in n white ehcet wilh ey.l t hole9, an I dec ntud with red pa'°ut, etc , surrendered. He received n sound thrashing, und was then libe rated T)i9 Lioor party, at tlih caucus on Tuebduy, de cide I to adhere tuita detiT.iiinati-.iu to oppose the tea, rice, anl mher revenue dues. The suggestion nf -he Premici'd, cmimuircited to the. party by Mr. M'Guwen, thut if the tea law were ngreed tc, a large portiou of it would be ect aside to provide for a scheme of old ag4 pensions, met with very li t'e approval. Many members were of the opiuiou that provisions for the pensions uhould be ?n*de by some other form of laxaiioo thin that levied directly on the poorer classes; while others express»d mi-trust, iu any case, of Mr. Reid's intentions. They atiled that once tlie duties were accepted, little would be heard of the old age pension scheme for a year or so, by which time federation may have arrived, when the matter would, of course, go by the bo:ird. Meanwhile the Premier would have enjoyed all the advantages of additional revenue. When the question cams to the vote few were found ready iu suppott tho imposition of tbe dunes, nut the decision to oppose them was prictically untnimous. It i- understood that the party ii in favor of the reteatioa of the sugar duty. 