ENGLISH LITERARY NOTES. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, January 21, 1898. The Academy has crowned the two foremost books of 1897, and after much difficulty in making up its mind has awarded 100 guineas to Mr. Stephen Phillips for his 'Poems' and 50 guineas to Mr. William Ernest Henley for his 'Essay on the Life, Genius, and Achievement of Burns.' The purpose ,of the awards was to seleob two of the best books of the vear irresriective fof the acre or stand ing of the authors, 'excellence of per formance' being preferred above 'richness of promise.' The rivals of Phillips in the eyes of the Academy were Francis Thomp son, whose work it considered 'a series of magnificent experiments,' William Watson, whose 'Hope of the World' showed a deoline from his previous poems, and Henry Newbolt, whose 'Admirals All' was not held quite worthy of the honor of 'coronation.' Henley's essay more than held its own against W. P. Ker's 'Epic and Romance,' Walter Raleigh's 'Style,' and Arthur Symon's 'Studies in Literature.' Other works worthy of con sideration were Joseph Conrad's 'Nigger of the Narcissus/' 'too slight and epi sodic,' Benjamin Swift's 'The Tormentor,' Kipling's 'Captains Courageous,' W. W. Jacob's 'The Skipper's Wooing,' Misa Coleridge's 'The King with Two Faces,' Mme. Darmesteter's 'Life of Renan,' and Mrs. Constance Garnett'a translation of Tur genefloa' novels. ' The author of ' St. Ivea,' ' says the Academy, 'is, alas, dead, 'while Mrs. Craigie, who, by the way, states that she adopted the name of John Oliver Hobbes to keep her from being too sentimental, did not wish her ' Sohool for Saints,' a copy of -which has been acoepted by the Queen, to be entered for competition. However divergent may be the opinions of litterateurs on the qualities of the various books of the year, it must be generally admitted that the Academy has chosen two books of signal merit Phillips's poems, in addition to the grandeur of achievement, exhibit to a marked degree the ' riohness of promise.' Henley's essay on the otherband probably represents this veteran's high water mark. Mr. Phillips, who ia quite a young man, finding preparation for the Civil Service deadening to nis muse, took up aoting and played several Shakespearian parts with his cousin, Frank Benson. Poetry then claimed, him for her own and he beoame a frequent contributor to the Spectator, at the same time lecturing on English poetry at Messrs. Wolfram and Needham's Army Classes at Lee. With the appearance of nu ' Christ in Hades,' 'a wonderfuldream which stirs the heart in every line,' he was hailed as a true poet. While taking Tennyson as bis model, lie -naB struck a full original and melodiouB note of his own. Dignity of thought, pioturesqueness of imagery, a wonder ful knowledge of love of humanity and nature mark Us two olaasios, 'Marpessa' and 11 Christ in Hades.* ' Marpessa' is the beau tiful tale of a maiden given her ohoioe between the god Apollo and the mortal Idas. Each in turn wooaher, Apollo offering her the glory ol immortality, Idas only the varied joy and gloom of mortal love. Marpessa would not forego the doom, the place, 'Whither my poets and my heroes went before me.' ' Immortality without one sigh' ie alien to her, for, ?be declares, ' Ttt I being human, human sorrow miss. The half of muelo, I have heard men »ay, U to have grieved.' She and Idas will llvo together and 'grow old Together, and be shall not greatly min My bloom faded, and waning light of eves, Too deeply gazed in ever to ieem dim.' ''Christ in Hades' pictures with impressive simplicity the visit of the Saviour to the ' ex cluded ghosts in Hades,' who, in the sudden cessation of their torments, gather round him. imploring him to lead them only to look .... Upon the wonderful sunlight, and to smell Earth in the rain. But with the sight of unredeemed Prometheus on his crag Christ knows 'that for a time the great advance he must delay.' The dead wander off And each man took his penance up perhaps Less easily from such an interval ; The vault closed back, woe upon woe, the wheel Revolved, the stone rebounded ; tor (7 from) that time Hadei her interrupted life resumed. These two poems wiil stand as classics. There are 15 others in the little volume, the most striking of which deal with the realistio tragedies of modern life. Grim and ghastly are_ ' The Woman with the Dead Souy ' upon which 'dismally as rain on ocean blear the days . . . 'Fell, and existence lean, in sky dead-grey, Withholding steadily, starved it away.' and ' The Wife,' the terrible story of a wife who going forth into the city's garish streets to get in the one way possible food for her starving husband returns to find him dead. But Mr. Phillips' realistio tragedies and lighter lyrios, though full of beautiful verse, show but the promise of the poet ; the stately blank verse of his 'Marpessa' and 'Christ in Hades' will crown his head with the true poetic laurels. Mr. Henley's essay, which is now reprinted from the 'Centenary Burns,' and published by Whittaker & Co. for a shilling, is robust and vigorous in style. With the firm touoh of a Rembrandt of the pen, Mr. Henley makes the portrait of Burns stand out from the canvas— Burns, the man as he was, 'first and last a peasant, and first and last a peasant in revolt against the kirk, a peasant resolute to be a buck' (not the tame imaginary Burns the sentimentalists would make him out), and Burns the poet of the vernacular folk song. Both for its keen conception of tbe real Burns, and for its dear slashing style colonial readers should order this little volume. It is said, by the way, that 50 guineas will not come amiss to the author, whose ill-health has made his literary career one long struggle, and has compelled him to relinquish much of his work. There is some talk of a Civil List pension for him. and certainly as much for the encouragement he has given to a brilliant band of young writers in their first upward flight as for his own literary labors the late editor of the New Review deserves well of the nation. Rennell Rodd's ' Ballads of the Fleet' have perhaps not quite so much terse strength as Newbolt's ' Admirals All,' bun they carried me away, past Sloane-square, where I should have left the grimy sulphurous underground, to realms where Then a breeze came perfume-laden from the heart of the tropic zone, And crinkling waves tossed round them the drift of a shore unknown. And where The sap of the trees ran white like milk, the wounds in the bark ran blood, Thefruit hung luscious on every bough, and the ripe fruit grew by the bud. 'It's Westward Ho ! once more,' is the key note of the ballads, which narrate in gallant virile verse full of the 'go' of England's heroes in the vivid atmosphere of the tropics, the exploits of our old friends the 'little pirate' Francis Drake, his kinsman John Hawkins, Parson Fletcher, Humphry Gilbert, Oxenham and Peake, they Who first dared dream and dreaming dared— while all wa» yet to do, To roll the bounds of empire back beyond thi bounds they knew ; To bind the winds their bondsmen, and hold the tide their slave, And claim for Island England dominion o'er tbe wave. Mr. Rennall Rodd I will not say has caught the dauntless Elizabethan spirit, for it is clearly in his blood, and our regret that his occupations as a diplomat have allowed him so far to only partially realise his projected series of ballads on the great Elizabethan mariners is counterbalanced by our pride that England on her missions to Menelik and other savage potentates is represented by a man of suoh chivalrous instincts, manly gallantry and dauntless daring. The' brave ballad of Richard Peake, who with no other weapon than his quarterstaff defeated three hidalgos, 'steel-armoured cap-a-pie' wasgiven audience of tbe King of Spain and sent to his,home by Tavyside, and 'Quiberon' (the tale of the dying captain, who when a round shot carried off the three-cornered hat of Brunswick's Duke, the figure-heati of his ship, had bis own cocked hat nailed on instead, that it might never be said that the Duke uncovered to any Frenchman) should be favorites with reciters in search of something new. ' Under the Dragon Flag' may not be lite rature, but all the same it is a thrilling narra tive whioh those of weak nerves had better avoid. Its author relates freely in 120 pages how having run through £80,000 in four years he shipped on an American blockade runner carrying ammunition to the Chinese during the China-Japanese war. The steamer is stuok up by a Jap ironclad and searched, ammunition is discovered, and her skipper in desperation throws overboard the Japanese officer and his men who have boarded her, and escapes under a heavy fire which kills five of his crew. James Allan, the narrator, after witnessing the battle of the Yalu, is by some drunken mistake left behind at Port Arthur, and going Off in a dispatch boat, which is sunk by a Japanese gunboat finds himself a prisoner for a month. Eventually he swims ashore (about a mile) exposed to the fire of the gunboat and the Chinese fort. He next observes the taking of Port Arthur and the ' diabolical orgies of murder and mutilation' that followed, and from whioh he escapes himself by the skin of his teeth. A Japanese soldier pursues him to a house and pins his clothes to the wall with a bayonet thrust, but -before the Jap can withdraw his weapon Mr. Allan splits his skull with ahatchet and soon dons his assailant's uniform, except the cap, whioh, he naiv.ely remarks, ''had been bisected along with bis head.' More hair breadth esoapes follow, inoluding the author's ' slaying a Japanese officer with the soldier's bayonet. Says Mr. Allan, 'He fell at once where be stood, but attempted to riBe again, when I gave him another priok whioh settled bis business. One of the heads above (im paled Chinese headB on a oounter) was, shaken off its spike by the conoussipn, and struck him on the shoulder as he fell. His eyes, opening and shutting convulsively, seemed to gaze upon the ghastly objeot. He groaned again, and in a few moments was dead.' finally Mr. Allan, 'thanks to his sangfroid, escapee m a Chinese junk, and writes his little narrative to furnish 'not merely entertainment j(«a¥e the mart !) but admonition.* f w- t L jgTwlll probably 'bo sno new* toJDr. Eyan's many friends that his remarkable work on thi. RusBO-Turkish war is considered quite thi most convincing and informative work of iti kind. A great deal of fuss was made ova Stephen Crane's 'Red Badge of Courage,' but after all it was a work of the purest imagination, while Dr. Ryan's narratm describes war as it really is, and grips th« reader from star* to finish. A good shilling Bhocker is E. Phillip! ? Oppenheim's 'Amazing Judgment,' pub? lished in an unpretentious form, but a decided, advanoe on what this author has .done-be fore.- Lieutenant Yiaud, the Pierre Loti of fiction* who is just 48, has exchanged the prosaio life of the French- naval station at Hendaye, where he has been in command, for a long period of leave to be devoted to literary work. He has been working on shipboard at Ramuntcho, a study of Basque life. Every afternoon at 5 sharp his room, simply furnished with a table, a divan, and a stook of boxes for bis literary- notes, is olosed against visitors, who indeed could only gain access by the rope ladder hanging over the riverside. The first weeks of his holiday are to be spent at Rochefort in greater luxury. London, December 24, 1897. Sea songs and sea stories are quite the fashion. W. W. Jacobs, Cutliffe Hyne, and Joseph Conrad are a trio on whom there is a run at present. Conrad is the most powerful of the three. His grim 'Nigger of the Narcissus,' which has been running in the New Review and attracting a great deal of attention, will shortly be published in Unwin's Colonial Library. The plot is slight, and the heroes, a dying . negro and a gutter-bred thief, not particularly romantic, but its graphic descriptions _ of nature's moods and its sympathetic living studies of men have the sting of the brine in them, and grip the reader to the end. Laing Gordon's biography of Sir James Simpson in 'The Masters t-f Medicine' Series (Unwin) is intensely interesting both in the subject with whioh it deals, the triumph of science over pain, and the spirited way in whioh it is written. It was difficult and dangerous for Simpson to discover chloroform and to experiment on himself and his col leagues, but true philanthropist that- he was he at once published his discovery to the world that the suffering might at once obtain relief. Mr. Gordon gives a vigorous and humorous descrip tion of the way in which Simpson had to defend his discovery against ...the attacks of his own profession, the clergy and the 'unooguid.' He was overwhelmed with arguments from jealous colleagues that pain at childbirth was 'a desirable, salutary, and conservative mani festation of life force,' and with texts from Genesis as to the primeval curse of women. But Simpson, with dry humor, hoist his foes with their own petard, for he proved incon testablv from Scripture that woman was created in a hypnotic operation. 'And the Lord caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam and he slept, and He took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh instead thereof.' 'The players are come' is the theme of John Bennetts 'Master Skylark,' which re lates the adventures of Nick Attwood, of Strathford, who going to see the players in that historio town develops a wonderful voice and is carried off to London by the master flayer. The boy, despite his carollings in St. aiil's and before Queen Bess, pines to be back in his quiet country town, and flies to the Chamberlain's players, where one William Shakespeare comes to his relief. With its dainty pictures this is the very book for chil dren of a romantic disposition. Boys who love adventure, and what boy does not? will find plenty of hairbreadth escapes and picturesque fighting in Bloundell Burton's 'Olashof Arms,' Albert Lee's 'Black Diso,' and Manville Fenn's 'Frank and SaxOn,' which treat respectively of the times of Charles II., the conquest of Granada, and the struggles between Spanish nobles and oruel Moors, and the days of the St. Bartholomew massacre. Those who wish for an exoiting sea yarn should get F. M. Holmes's 'Gold- Ship,' a tale of their own times. Caroline Ticknor describes American naughty children as vivaciously as Ethel Turner the young Australians. The mad pranks of ' Miss Belladonna' and her companions, Chamomilla, Ipecacuanha, and Mercurins will take a lot of beating, even by the little larrikins of Sydney, and display all the ingenuity of the youthful Yankees. If you want a handy naval history get Hannay's 'Short History of the Royal Navy from 1217-1688.' A second volume will bring it up to date. Volumes on Napoleon are legion. Pro fessor Sloan's (Princeton University) 'Life of Nopoleon Bonaparte' is the last, and is both imposing and philosophical. There are four volumes of it, but plenty of illustrations to beguile the political and military complica tions. It is published in New York by the Century Company and in London by - Maomillau. — The reviewers do not have it all their own way in France, by French law every one) attacked in a journal is entitled to the right of reply in its columns to a length of twice the hostile criticism, and as much more as he likes if he pays for it at the rate for official announcements. M. Lemaitre' recently criti cised in the Eevue des Deux Monies M. Dubout's play, 'Fredegonde.' M. Duboui replied with a long defence, including a whole soene of the play. The editor thought if he got many of these replies two worlds would be quite insufficient for their review , and 're- ? turned it. Hence litigation. Here is a chance for the Authors' Society to get even with their oritic*. 