IRISH REPARTEE. Repartee, or readiness in smart, witty, sarcastic retort, is said to be .the highest form of wit. These immediate and. felici . tous replies,. these answering thrusts m mental fencing, these illuminating flashes o'f quick and 'lively imaginations, are com mon among ail classes in Ireland (writes a .correspondent of the London "Daily Telegraph"). On old Carlisle-bridge in Dublin there was : a fruit-stall, the. keeper of which, . "Biddy, the Apple- woman," was a better known figure than even the lord" mayor.- She had a ready and glib tongue, and never allowed a verbal assailant , to retire with all the honors. An American visitor, thinking to take a "rise" out of the old woman, took up one of the water, melons she was displaying for sale, and said,"These are small apples you grow over here. In America we have them twice the size." Biddy slowly removed her "dudheen," or clay pipe, from her lips, and coolv surveying the joker from head to heel, "said, in a tone of pity, "Yerra, what a fool yez must be whin yez take our gooseberries for apples." The Irish people are perhaps unequalled for concentrating into a phrase an amount of bitter sar casm. A Dublin jarvey, seeing a man of fashion-who prided himself on his skill in handling the reins, driving down Graf ton street, said, ."That" fellow looks like a coachman, but. drives like a gentleman." . John Philpot Curran was noted for (his powers of repartee and sarcasm. Many of his good things in that line have come down to us through the century. There could be.no better testimony of their worth; but as most of them are. too well known to. need repeating here, I will simply give a few that I have picked up' in out-of the-way places. At a dinner table in Lorn don the conversation turned on public speaking. . . Curran stated that he could never address an audience for a quarter of an hour "without moistening his lips. "I have the advantage of you, there, Curran," said Sir Thomas Turton, a pompous and pretentious member of .Parliament. "I spoke the. other night in the House; of Commons for five hours on the Nabob of Oude, -and never felt in the least thirsty." "That is .very remarkable, indeed," replied Curran, "for every one agrees that it was the driest speech of the session:" One day ■Curran was walking past the Parliament House in College Green, before the Bank of Ireland got possession of it, with a noble man, who had promoted the legislative unioii by his votes. "1 wonder what they intend to do with that useless building?" said the nobleman. "For my part I hate the sight of it." "I do not wonder at that, my lord," returned Curran who was an anti-Unionist. "I never yet heard of a murderer who was not afraid of a ghost." Curran," as will be seen from these anec dotes, could say mordant and cutting things; but, perhaps, no man was ever, in sulted "with such dialectical neatness and ihgeniousness as Curran was by the famous maker of "bulls," Sir Boyle Roche, in the Irish House of Commons. "The honorable gentleman: says he is the. guardian of his own honor," said Roche, in reply to a speech of Curran; "but on other occasions I have, heard him boast that he was an enemy of sinecures." Curran was de feated in a conversational contest with Lady Morgan, the Irish novelist,- one even ing in that lady's drawing-room, when, ex aggerating the prevaib'ng fashion in short sleeves, she wore merely straps over her shoulders. Curran was walking away from : the little party who witnessed the conflict i of the two wits, when Lady Morgan called j out, "Ah, come back, Mr. Curran," and ae-1 knowledge that you are fairly beaten."; "At any rate," said lie, turning round, "I: have this consolation, Lady Morgan, that you can't laugh at me in your sleeve." I Daniel O'Connen's sarcastic and graphic description of a lady of stiff, cold, and for mal manners is very happy. "She has all j the characteristics of a poker—except its ' occasional-warmth." This recalls the story of the two Irish servants who, discussing j the stiff and unbending manners of the , young lady of the family, agreed that i "When she was a baby, her mother must have fed her upon boiled pokers, under done." Another, happy and humorous ex ample of sarcasm—as apart from repartee —is afforded by the following anecdote. I quote it on the. authority of a friend, who, I -am afraid, was the villain of the in cident. A most imperturbable man was followed from Westmoreland-street, Dub lin, over the O'Connell-bridge to the General Post' Office, tw two little street arabs; who importuned him for the end of his cigar. "Throw us the' "butt, sir. • An, sir, throw us the butt," cried the youths; but as the man did not betray the sligntest consciousness of their, existence, they gave him up at last in • despair and disgust. "Arrah. let him alone said one, with the most scorching scorn, "shure, it's a butt he picked up himself." I once heard a .'bumptious little man, who, acting as steward at athletic sports in Dublin, was very assertive in keeping back the crowd, thus addressed by an angry spectator— "If the consate. was taken out of yez, ye'd be no bigger than a green gooseberry, and ye're as sour as wan already." The omadawns or halfwitted fellows who are to . be met with occasionally in Ireland-r-but not so commonly now as for merly—are noted for their bitter and sar castic .sayings. A fool was standing with same laborers cutting turf in a bog, when an unpopular land agent, who had ac quired.by his passion and vindictiveness the significant name of "Danger,'.' was seen driving along .the high road. "All, ha," cried the fool, "there you go, Danger, and may I never break bread if all the turf in this bog would warm me to ye." A fool known as "Jim, the omadawn," was some years ago a well-known character fin Kil kee, the seaside resort in Clare. " Now, Jim," said an upstart to him one day ; "tell me the biggest lie you ever told, and I'll 'treat you to a pint of stout." " Be me sow!, then," cried Jim, "I say ye: honner's a perfect gintleman." A very happy example of a man falling into the pit whioh he had dug for some body else is afforded by the following well known but always fresh story ot a famom repartee. John Parsons, one of the first] Irish' Commissioners of: Insolvency^ '"'a8 travelling in a coach with Lord Aorbury, the judge. Passing a'gibbet, Aorbury said, with a chuckle, "Parsons, where would you be' now if that" gallows had its due. "Riding alone, Norbury," was the quick reply.' The neatness and felicity .of this retort affords unmitigated surprise and de light. Parsons does not hold, a conspicu ous place in the band of brilliant, witty, and humorous lawyers and politicians who lived at Dublin at the close of the last cen tury, but he was the! sayer of two or three of "the most perfect "good things which tne 'age produced. During the rebellion of '98, a country gentleman, who was sus pected of being' a rebel, met Parsons in Dublin. "I hear it is rumored that I sym pathise with disloyalty;.but it is quite un true," protested the squire. 'It is well known that I have a stake in "the country. "Faith, if you have," exclaimed Parsons, "I''d swear there's a pike at the end of it. The memory of Sir Doyle Roche has been kept green principally by his '"bulls,* but, as his retort on Curran proves, he could say bitter things as well. Then his invita tion to an Irish nobleman was amusingly equivocal and sarcastic. "I hope, my lord, _ said he, "if ever you comie within a mile ox my country house you'll stay there all night." There is ."a well-known repartee, which has been "fathered" upon many a wit, but wnose.real parentage I should like to set clear here. The Rev. Arthur O Leary was a famous Irish priest, preacher, con troversialist, politician, and wit, who died in London in 1802. jii a polemical contro versy with Bisn'op Woodward, he wrote, "His lordship says he does not believe in ■the Papist purgatory. Well, perhaps, be may go farther and fare worse/' Repartee and . sarcasm are inost wisely and skilfully used when they are employed in ridiculing humbugs, exposing shams, re buking rudeness, punishing bullies, and pricking the wind-bags of- self-conceit. Chief Baron ' O'Grady, subsequently the first Lord Guillamore, had a dry humor and biting wit. The latter was so -fine that its sarcasm was often unpereeived by tne object against whom it was directed. A legal friend of his, who was extremely studious, hut in coiversation exasperatingly dull, showed t'he judge over; his newly built house. The lawyer prided himself especially on a library, which he had con trived for his- own use, so secluded from the rest of the building that he could pore over his books in private quite secure from disturbance. "This is capital," exclaimed O'Grady. "My dear fellow, you could read and study here from morning till night, and no human being would ibe one bit the wiser."- This recalls the capital story told of the late Father Healy, of Bray. A very pompous friend was showing Father Healy and other guests through his new house, on Which he had spent a good deal in furnishing and decorating. In the library the host, waving his hand towards the book-shelves, exclaimed—"Here, sur rounded by these best friends, I feel most, 'happy." "And I potice," said Father Healy, examining some of the volumes, "tha't, like a true friend, you never c-u., them." ■ ' , , 'During the famine of 1847 the* Ioeai re lief committee in Limerick had for ond of its members a county landlord, who had the reputation of being rather exacting to his tenants. "The people asked for bread, sir. and you threw them a stone, sard a priest at* one of the meetings of the com mittee. "Not at all, sir," replied the land lord; "they: asked for potatoes, and I gene rally gave them half a stone."' Potatoes are sold in Ireland by the stone weight. At a meeting of another of these local relief committees, the question of a substitute ror the potato was considered. Don t yoii think,: sir," said a member of the commit tee, addressing the chairman, "that turnips w ould be a wholesome and nutritious food for the people?" Certainly," replied the chairman, "very wholesome and nutritious —with mutton, of course." , Charles Lever, the novelist, was once the guest of Dr. Whatfely, the. Archbishop of Dublin, at his country seat. Among tne. other guests were some of the expectant clergy, wlio paid submissive court to* their 'host". While the archbishop and his guests were walking through the grounds the pre late plucked from a bush a1 leaf which he declared, had a most nauseous flavor. "Taste it," said he, handing the leaf to one of the clergymen. The latter smilingly. obeyed, and then, with a wry face, sub scribed' to the botanical orthodoxy of the archbishop. "Taste it, you, Lever, said the gratified prelate, handing the leaf to the novelist. 4*iSFo, th&iilv; you, said .Lever laughing, "mv brother is not in your grace s diocese." Michael Joseph Barry, one of the "Young Ireland" poets, was appointed long after 1848, a police magistrate in Dub lin. During the Fenian troubles an Irish American arrested in Dublin on suspicion of being in Ireland with seditious designs, was brought up before Barry. A constable swore, that the suspect, when arrested, was wearing a Republican hat. A. Republican hat," said the counsel for the prisoner ;■ "does your worship know what that means?" "I presume, said Barry, that a Republican hat it a hat without a crown." ■ „ , . , A committee was formed to erect a monument over , the grave of a popular Dublin physician who died some years ago, and was buried at Mount Jerome Ceme tery. A witty citizen who was asked to suggest an inscription for the memorial re commended the use of the lamous allusion to Sir Christopher Wren, the architect, m St. Paul's Cathedral, London.^ ' Si monu mentum requiris eireumspice. If you seek his monument, look around; it you doubt his merit, behold his works. An eminent Dublin doctor was a member of a house party in the district in which he had begun his career. One day 'he was observed in a neighboring churchyard. "What is he doing among the gravesi . asked one of the party. "Paying a visit to some of his old patients,' replied another. , , , . T . , ;• There is one good old story of Irish re partee which has done duty for many vears. It:turns up again and again, hut "as there is real humor in it those who have often heard it must smile.when it comes in their way again. An English tourist, under the guidance of a peasant, who ad miring the scenery -of the Galtee ^ Moun tains. Pointing to a gap in the hills, the guide said it was known locally ^ as the Devil's Bit," and a low hill hard by was called' "The Devil's Chair." "Indeed," re marked the Englishman, "the/devil'seems to'have a' good deal of property in these parts. "Yes, sir," rejoined the Irishman; •'but he is an absentee landlord; and lives in England." ■ ' ■ - . . ' George Peabodv, the philanthropist, and John Bright often visited Ireland together to fish the Shannon, making the pretty little village of Castleconnel, about six miles from Limerick, their headquarters. One day they went up for a turn on Lough Derg, at Kiilaloe. Two .of the chief boat men of the town joined forces in order to row these distinguished visitors. Late iu the evening, after a .hard day's work, the party arrived at the . landing- stage, anu Bright, accosting the inevitable policeman on the bank, said, "What is the proper price to pay ■ these boatmen, constable • He replied—"Seven shillings and sixpence, ver honner; but some gintlemen gives them ten shillings.". Bright, turning to his companion, said "I have no change, Peabody, have you three half-crowns. The millionaire produced the coins, ana gave them to one of 'the boatmen. Is that all yer're giving me? asked the latter. "That's' all," said Peaooay. Holding the coins in the open palm of lias hand, and slowly scratching his head with the other, the boatman said, "An' they call ye.Pay body, don't they? Well, I call ye, Pay nobody." - • 