BRI8BNlE LET1TER. (FlOM ou0 OWN COnaroEnOtDEv.) A , n Amended Ministry. IT is the nucpeoted that always happens, and certainly the resignation by the kion. A. J. Thynne of hil portfolio as Minister for Agrioniture, was most decidedly a move unknown in even the most enlightened polticet ciroles. As Minister for Agriculture Mr. Thynne hoe mode himself more than known, in fact almost beloved. He has ifted an almost moribund branch of the Civil servioe into light and usefulneso, and hab inapired life and vitality where it was truly most sadly needed. His retthoment from the aoerotaryship will be deplored by all good Qocenslanurers, and more espocially by the terming olass. 'bhe Hen J. L Dokscon eeaumees the portfolio of Home Secretary, where his ultra civil inanities will be in some what strong contrast to SIr Horace Tozor's absolute "dicta" on anything andwevrythieg. Sir LEugh otelson assumes with his usual grandiloquence the Promiership, and leaves to the Hoe. R. Philp-tho strong man of the Ministry, the care of the State coffers. And meanwhile the Hon. T. J. Byrnca, Attorney General, prepares for the war to come. The Other Fellow. T. 7. Byrnee Is the "other follow." Formerly the avowed white.haired boy of the Premier, now the enlightened and travelled one, whc thinks that things should come his way atiset; likewise the loader and director of that portion of the Ministerial party which desires a change at any price. Mr. Byrnee' hope is to lead where he has previously blmdly followed, and to trest to the blinded hopce of deapieod Mlnistorlaliots of the Murray and Leaby asandard to help him in his quoct. Hitherto the struggle has been between Byrnes and Tozer, but with the later disposed of another ehampion in the shape of Mr. Philp ricee up to contest the standard of leadership with the great and illimitable T. J. Idyrece. _hilp is a man of integrity and common asens?, truly a type of minister after the style of Pitt and Gladstone. A for~egoing and above all, an honest man. The Dear Departed. Sir Horace Tozar-tho Great-is leaving us, and we are speeding the "parting guest:" A farewell picnic, telegrams of eongratulation and Otberwise speed Sir Hnorae, and hopes that he will acquit him aelf well es "Agent.General " gather fast around us. Truly, Sir Horacs fa a great man, but his more than opportune departure has cleared the political horizon. Without sarcasm, it may be said that rozor has done his work faithfully and well. He has never spared himself, and he has done much that should make the average Queeoalander grate. Inl. No one could over accuse the lnte Home Secretary of sordid motives--he did his level best, according to hie lights. fir Hugh Nelson never had a better servant or a more faithful retainer. "lteadfast anrd true" was his Ministerial motto, and "bhonet and sincere" the byeoword by which he ralaed hiboself in public favour. God's blessing on "the parting guest," is a word, satirical or otherwise, from the people of this colony. The New Land Laws. The new Land Act has oomeinto force, and allthe cultivated wisdom of the province is embodied therein. If there is any fault in it, that fault must be the too liberal terms to ontsiders, as compared with the bona fide selectors of the province. Mr. Foxton's great idea seems to be "increase of population," the attractionof outsido farmers to Queens. land at the expense of the men who have expended their substance and lires In the development and onitivaoion of the vorgin seil Many hold with Mr. Foxton, that increased population will lead to Increased wealth; bat few can deny that the Queernland farmerhas just saerong "bona tides" as the Now South Wales or Vietorian tiller of the soil. Certainly, publio opiion--locally expressed-does not hold with the Minater, and ho would act wisely did be pay some attention to the cries of those who have to pay the piper. In addition, it is said that something will be done in the coming oesion to bring about a further amendment of the already much. amended land laws of Quetneland. Speed of Electric Trams. Much bitter controversy has boon excited over the simple quoetion of the safe orunsafe speed of the electric carn now running in Brisbane. The local transit commission has decided in favour of a " ten.mile.an.hour" speed within the city limits, a thing which seems to sulo all olasoes. When the new system was first mooted it received the gonorous support of the publio on the die dnct understanding that it was to Institute a more rapid system of transit from one portion of the city to the other. .Now that the now esstem is an accomplished fact, and more rapid transit is the order of the day, certain parsons arc doing their level beet to have the speed of the new trams reduced. The transit commission has boon firm. Tlhings Theatrical. In Brisbane things theatrical have been at a painfully low sbb, and at the time of writing every theatre is in a state of more or less permanent closure. One or two local concerta have held the boards night by night, but anything in the way of a regular eater tainment seems to b a thing of the past. This state of things Is certainly not due to thl apathy or lack of appreciation of Brisbane audiences, but simply to the lack of enterprise on behalf of theatrical people. flarmston'a ociroa, the solo attraction, has been turning money away at the doors, but still the theatres ear closed, and the ghost walks no longer. The last company here was Mlsa Kate eoward at the Galety. She did an exocedingly lively bnsi ness. and as a benefit had a house that even the Broghs or one of the "firm's" great combinatsona might be prond of. Yet still ,he theatres are empty, and everywhere desolation reigns supreme. 