THEY SAY— That Mr. Reid has sold his political birth right for a penny. That the Emperor of China is suffering from too much Dowager. That Pitman has to bear the sins of poli ticians and pressmen alike. That tiie London surgeon had to pay dear ly for his tailor's misfit pedigree. That some of the Chinese have found out the means of evading the poll tax. That in the matter of divorce Australia is fast reaching the American standard. That the hot weather has apparently not improved the temper of our legislators. That school punkahs will have to be work ed by the bad boys amongst the pupils. That 'Sop — 2d per lb.' is one of the duties paid by the Premier to the Labor Party. That farming would boom in this colony if we could get a couple of good seasons. That swimming competitions by moonlight are to be a feature of the present sea son. That Lord Carrington has over-estimated the value of Australia as a marriage market That Marchand's story of the 700 killed Dervishes savors of Falstaff or Rouge mont. That the Premier is trying to dodge the City Railway question until after the holidays. That the French policy, in the event of war, will be to harass the British Mer cantile Marine. That the prospect of being electrically shocked whilst mounting a tram car is not too pleasant Ihat Messrs. Wise and Reid respectively formed a very just estimate of each other's characters. That Mr- Wise will weary of acting as po litical ring-master before the Premier does of clowning. Ihat if murderer Archer had not been so luckily, discovered he would have deve loped into another Butler. That the Labor Party might as well have had the whole of the tea tax off while they were about it. .That further reference to the Municipalities Act will be left for the first time the next Governor opens Parliament. That insolvents will soon be attributing failures to the charges made by the Water and Sewerage Board. ' That the 'open door' has been maintained by his enemies for the Emperor of China, who will soon make his exit. That the Assembly's resolution in favor of opening a Government coalmine is not likely to materialise just yet. That if all ghosts were well pasted with palings like the Perth specimen, they would speedily be exterminated. Xhat the jerry-builder has already dis figured the city and suburbs too much, and a Building Act is required. That the Labor Party, having tasted blood, will shortly require further concessions as the price of continued support. That if the road opposite Circular Quay, is j dangerous for pedestrians, what about the approaches to Redfern Station? .That the new flag signals will enable Syd ney citizens to discount the joys of a southerly buster six hours in advance. That the eternal city railway question is to be discussed all over again in connection with the Premier's brand new scheme. That the erection of a wharf at 'Kurnel,' or, correctly, 'Kundul,' Botany Bay, will open up a most attractive picnicking re sort. That the free-and-easy style of blocking streets up in Sydney for alterations would not be tolerated in any other part of the world. fliat whilst advocating peace and disarm ament, Russia has been taking military precautions to keep the territory grabbed in China. That the dividend paid this week by one of the principal banks shows that financial institutions are getting on prosperous lines again. ffbat a public meeting should be called to protest against the degradation of the Parliamentary institution by the present Government. Tli at the rejection of the Midwifery Bill by the Council was due to the natural sympathy of a lot of old women with Sairey Gamp. That prior to the extension of the franchise to the police our legislators did not dis play such a deep interest in the welfare of that body. That a mortality of 200 from measles in Sydney and suburbs shows that the com plaint is not quite as harmless as gene rally supposed. fhat as the Premier is so badly off for revenue, it is a wonder he does not put teetotallers on a level with tipplers, and tax soft drinks. That if there were a dissolution over the tariff tinkering some of the members would find it difficult to earn sugar, enough for their tea. That when the London cablegrammers are short of news for Australia they say to each other: 'Give 'em something about a horse,' sind do so. That Lord Hampden will lose his prefe rential claim to the GovernorGeneral ship by forsaking New South Wales be fore Federation is accomplished. That the go-as-you-please tactics adopted by the Americans against the Spaniards would have brought about bad results in a war with almost any other nation. That a Premier who goes down on his knees to the Labor Party, only to be snub bed by them, necessarily sacrifices all the dignity that should attach to the office. That if the late Sir Henry Parkes or Sir Gporge Dibbs had had their financial po licy turned upside down by the Assembly they would not have thought twice of re signing. That New South Wales girls think that competition in the matrimonial market is keen enough as it is, without an influx of British spinsters to make matters worse. i That the figures published last week show ing the increase of consumption in the city should stir the Government and the, public to take precautionary measures without delay. That apparently the Minister for Works does not frequent George-street, else he would have been unable to plead igno rance of tile interference with traffic caused by the construction of the tram way. That now the cricket season is on, bats men cannot do better than follow Ran jitsinhji's example, of occasionally apply ing 'Rose's Celebrated Eye Lotion.' It undoubtedly keeps the eyesight clear and bright 531 George-street. Open all night, also Sundays and holidays.* That Roberts' is the best place to buy Wines and Spirits.* £hat 'Old Dad' (Ted Wehlow) has re turned and taken the Occidental, Wyn yard-square.* 1 That six pounds a week makes some folk vote straight. All the Labor Party vote for M'Evoy's boots and shoes. 574 George street.* 