THE NOVELIST. "All's Well that Ends Well." CHAPTER IV. 'Yet il is not only her beauty,' Victor continued, still in the same hushed rapt manner, sx"akiiig in French slowly, as 1 hough eliixising his words while still under Fcanecsca's spell, 'hut tlmt look m her eyes. You, Dudley -you do not TidniiriV beautiful women as 1 do, and perhaps vou did not notice; but in her eves there is like a blue fire burning. When she looks at me, my heart seems to contract— her eyes draw my soul like a magnet ; I feel stupid, and 1 can neither stir nor move while she holds nie in her gaze. Aftewards, when she looks away, 1 draw a deep breath — 1 am free again, and yet 1 long once more to be captive.' 'Victor, Victor, are you in love for the hundredth time.' ' No, my brother ; T am in love for the first time.' ' Why, what folly. You have only just seen her : you know nothing of her character, her tastes, her former life ' Oh. hah. What is all that to mc. I did not wish to speak of her to you yet. This is not an affair of the moment — ft jest. .1 1 is serious. Since you have made me speak, I will tell you. Our cousin Francesco can do what she likes with me if she will only sometimes look at me. So long as J live I am hers.' Again and again during the course of this short tali; Dudley felt tempted to confide fully in his brother his experi ences of the previous evening, and the extraordinary likeness he had remarked between Franccsca and the woman at the music-hall. Three considerations how ever rest rained him. For one, Victor would at tliis point hardly believe in the closeness of the resemblance; for another, Dudley himself was growing every moment more doubtful on the subject ; while yet a third motive for his silence was to be found in the fact that he meant that night, is possible, to tax Miss Kevelswortb point-blank with having met him on the preceding evening, and to closely note her speeeh and hearing in response to his accusation. As to Victor's sudden infatuation for her, she was so beautiful that it would have been strange indeed if the impres sionable vomig man hud not become, for . i... i: ' ... i i I I "IC i ; IL uui».' HI UNOIJ ui i .-iiini.. JJH II Dudley, w ho prided himself on his superior firmness and self-control, could not recall her face without quickening his pulse. ' Anil beauty such as never woman wore Until it eanie, a kingdom's curse, #witli thee.' These two lines from Tennyson's Idylls of the King flashed through Dudley's head half an hour later as, seated on his aunt's right hand at dinner, lie looked across (he table at Franecsea silting by bis brother's side. 'You are too good looking for an ordinary young woman, riuuees, Airs. Kevelswortb was saying in he rnbrupt way. 'You are like your father- and lie was one of the handsomest men 1 have ever seen. Hut- there is something in your face which wasn't, in his —something haven't got In the end of as yet.' tier keen eyes were scrutinising the lovely down-bent bead of her niece. Franecsea resolutely raised il and frutrtdy met her aunt's .searching gaze, though a faint pink llush spread from her white brow to her creamy throat. 'J'ni afraid il is temper you see, aunt Margaret,' she observed tranquilly, ' My temper is sometimes horrid.' 'Foreigners generally have queer Icuqs.-rs,' returned the old lady with, her usual uncomplimentary directness, 'and you're half a foreigner. When vou feel a lit coming on, you and the other foreigner ' she made a motion with her fork in Victor's direction 'will have to go and fight it out it Mushy Park together. If you have a had tonqier, i dare swear lie lia> a wore, lie was ready to eat me this afternoon over a trille ; and his English lnotlier wasn't much better. Milt we UcYclswuiths always have bad stubborn wills ami strong teuqiers, and a triekv foreign strain wouldn't lie likely 4.. Iinl.mn-n no Miiv.i tlolll f'l.ldt' VilllfC ago it is sim-e the day your two fathers made fools of themselves quarrelling with the old mail. I was a line-looking young woman then, nearly us tall and fair as you, Fram es, though I was over thirty at the time. I sided with my hushauil and father-in law, of course - as a woman should. J Di t two handsomer men never stepped out of a house than Harold and Dudley. That wasn't here, but up in Manchester. After your uncle John's death, 1 let the property ill the North. The house was far too big for il widowed woman, ami a good bit of the land bad been built on and now brings in a little money. This place had been bought cheap by my father fifty years ago, because tliev said it was haunted. You are not superstitious, 1 hope, Frances.' ' Not more so than most people, aunt Margaret. Why do you ask.' ' Foreigners usually are superstitious,' Jier aunt replied ; 'and of course, if>eople expect to see ghosts, they will see 'em. J Jetty here is as nervous as a cut. But the ghosts never trouble mc, and J've lived in this house for twenty yeurs.' Susan the parlourmaid and Welldon wailed at the tableand waited well. Every thing that was done in Kevelswortb Jlouse under the eyes of its mistress had to be done well. She was not a woman who would lamely endure being badly served. The dinner, too, although simple, was excellent, soup, fish, joint, bird, sweets, cheese, ami wine being of the best. The dinner-service was of rare old china, the silver solidly handsome, and the iievoisworui n, nie eieneneo mailed hand, and the motto, ' I work and wait,' were emblazoned everywhere on silver, glass, and china, on the backs of the oak chairs, anil on the massive carved oak sidebourd which filled the half of one side of the low-ceilinged oak-pannelled- room. Candles ill heavy silver candlesticks, ei'dit in all, were placed on the table and about the room. -Mrs. Kevelswortb dis liked gas and detested the electric light; oil-liitilps she tolerated in other parts of the house, but considered thorn 'messy and dangerous.' The soft candle-light, playing on the faces about the tublo, brought out to little Hetty's eyes the family likeness with wonderful vividness. OJd Margaret herself, erect, hawklike, and even handsome, in spite of her burden of nearly eightyuars; Dudley, with his brond while forehead, square determined jaw, | and steady blue eyes under long black lashes ; and that superb Franccsca. Even in a tailor-made stuff gown she was imperial. Her eyes were of tlio true Kevelswortb blue, and when she smiled they seemed to swim in azure light. And yet, watching her in breathless admiration, "little Hetty felt herself grow suddenly cold with apprehension. Supposing that she should ever by any mischance hap|a'ii to offend Franceses Kevelswortb ! The thought seemed too terrible to contemplate even for a moment. CHAPTER VL ' 1 am afraid I must go back to Ixmdon to-night, mint Margaret,' said Franeesea Kevelswortb. Dinner was over, and the Indies had ceremoniously ret ired up-stairs, gaunt Mrs. Kevelswortb in her purple silk gown and her tall lace eap Franeesea, taller still, with her crown of ruddy auburn hair, and little Hetty, in her best black silk dinner- gown, like a eurly-lmired child between them. In the drawing-room tip-stairs Hetty had slipped the cover off the piano, and had started playing, and playing extremely well : Mrs. llevelsworth hud seated herself iii jiui nut; vtii cai 7«iiv uuniuuiicu uiiip chair, and had taken up her evening work of rattling wooden knitting-pins and hall of gray worsted ; and Franeesea luvd dropped into a low easy-chair, leaning buck in which, under her half-closed eyelids, she was taking stock of her mint. .Suddenly the old lady put down her pins with a jerk. 'Well, and what do you think of me !' she inquired. 'I have felt your eyes creeping all over mc for some time.' ' I think,' said Franeesea, not in the least taken aback and sitting tip, 1 that you are perfectly wonderful, if you are as old us you say you are.' 'If! Don't you believe me, then!' 'Indeed it is- diflicult. Y'oit seem twenty years younger than your age.' 'My father,' observed Mrs. Kevelswortb, with a touch of pride, ' died at ninety- three from the effects of a railway accident. I never travel by rail myself. And my mother was eighty-eight when she was taken. But your father and your two uncles didn't live to he sixty.' ' -My father hud splendid health, in spite of his studious habits,' said Franeesea. ' But for that mountaineering accident eleven years ago, lie would have been alive now.' '.So you've been eleven years an orphan !' said her aunt. '1 suppose you can hardly remember your father ! How old were you when lie died (' ' Fourteen.' 'Then you are twenty- live 'Yes,' ' 1 wonder,' observed the old ludy, peering at her niece over her knitting-pins, 'that you should lie single ut twenty-five! Aren't you thinking about settling down !' A iippil (limit (ivitputit'outl VtMiitiiiiunti'u face, but she laughed quite unconcernedly. 'it isn't so easy to get married when one lias no inunov,' she said - ' especially in Italy.' ' You wouldn't surely marry an Italian,' exclaimed her aunt energetically. The flush of Fruncesca's face deepened, but her voice was as culm us ever as she replied — ' I prefer Englishmen.' ' \\\ e must have no more of Kevcls- WMI'nim tltll rrvitttr flll'llitriwn'e ' lon-ennil nil, old lady. ' I can't understand a good- looking Englishwoman with eyes in her head taking up with a shrimp of a French man or u greasy-faced Italian, when she can a healthy-looking Englishman.' 'Nor can i,' said Franeesea. Her aunt glanced at her suspiciously. \\\ as there something contemptuous in this calm acquiescence, she wondered. The girl was lying back in her chair, perfectly still, with lowered eyelids and a hnlf- smile playing about her lips. Her sin gular lieauty gave Iter an empire and ascendancy which the tyrannical old lady, accustomed all her life to be the most imjKirtiiiit pen soilage within her own limited horizon, grudged her. ' 1 am afraid you are tired,' she observed sarcastically. .She meant this us a reflection njion her niece's lounging uttitude ; but Franeesea, with a charming smile, rose to her feet, and it was ut that moment tlmt she announced her intention of returning that night to London. W hen milking this statement she approached her aunt more closely, and then a strange thing hupjieiied. The white bull-dog 'Hikes,' that lay stretched on a rug at his mistress's feet, rose, shook him self, stood for a moment with his liandy legs planted far apart and his head sunk between his shoulders, blinking up at Miss Kevelswortb, and then guveutteranee to a long, deep, ominous growl. Hetty left off playing, aghast, ' Why, what in the world made Hike, do that,' she eried. 'The only person he ever growls at is Joe.' 'It's very strange,' said Mrs. Revels- worth. ' Perhaps he's jealous of strangers. Yet lie didn't growl at the lwys. Come nearer, Frances ; T will take care that he doesn't hurt you.' 1 1 am not in the least afraid of dugs,' said r raneesea. For all that, she blanched suddenly us the animal with a howl of anger, made a threatening spring towards her when she approuohed his mistress. Franeesea stoixl still and looked intent! v at the dog. Sikes growled again anil slunk away under the intensity of her gaze. Cleurly he disliked and distrusted her for some reason known only to himself, hut us clearly her calm fearless front impressed liiin. ' T (Iikii'f. liL'i tiniru ' ult<» nviilonio/t in her usual level tones, ' and J am afraid your dog lias found it out.' ' Hut Sikes is the gentlest creature living,' eried little Hetty. ' I must make him apologise to you presently for his surly behaviour. He is only nasty to Wclldon's boy Joseph, and that is because the lx»y teases him. The mastiff Briton bit Joseph three days age — that is why you don't see him about. 1 hud to hind up and dress his hand for him.' ' You have more tkan one dog, then, 'Three,' said Mrs. Kevelsworth- 1 Ivan, Briton, and Sikes. Any one of them could kill a mini.' ' What singular pets,' 'They are not pets, but guards. They have more sense than humans, and they know what thoy nro here for. If uny thief were to break in in the night and try to rob me or do me any injury, it would go hard with him between my three guards.' 'Are they all loose at night, then.' inquired Miss Kevelswortli, with much apparent interest. 'Sikes sleeps at the foot of my bed, and Tvuu on the door-mat. Briton is kept in the hall.' 'I am sure vou will grow fond of all three when you know them lietter,' put in Hetty. 'They are so handsome and clever and faithful.' ' It is a bad trait in a fgirl not to like animals,' observed Mrs. Kevelswortb. ' But what are you going for. Surely you can s|H!iid the night here and firing your tilings down to-morrow. 1 want, you to stay with me here and bring your tilings down to-morrow. I want you to sty with me here in this bouse for one whole year at least. It will be dull for you, of course ; but you will have two young men to flirt with. 'Are my cousins going to Ik- here also.' ' Certainly they are. Why else did I advertise for them. June next will be the centenary of the founding of Isaac Kevelswortb 's business and the division of bis property. Ah, that makes you flush a bit at Inst. You and Victor and Dudley appear to be the only direct des cendants, and I wish to luivc you all here unaer my roor and my eyes and my obser vation for a twelvemonth, in order that T may make my decision. Knowing that, do you agree to stay.' Franeesea stood motionless within a few feet of her aunt's chair. Her long golden-crown lushes were lowered, but little Hetty caught a gleam of what looked like triumph in the veiled blue eyes. That stillness of Friineesca's was one of her distinguishing characteristics. She moved seldom and moved slowly, vet there was no trace of laziness about her. She would remain at times hour after lieur in precisely the same attitude, always one of admirable grace and picturesque- ness, with shining eves fixed on vacancy, or white lids lowered in thought. Now, when she heard her aunt's pro posal, she did not speak for some moments, thereby rousing the old Indv s impatient anger. ' Have you lost your tongue, Frances,' sho asked sharply. ' Do you intend to be my guest here or do you not.' ' 1 tlo intend it,' Franeesea answered at last, fixing her eyes full upon her aunt's face — ' to-night and as long as you wish. Htlt will vou let me send off a tnlcumm to lAiudon at once, so that I inuy not be expected back !' ' One of your cousins can take it to Kingston. Hetty, find note-paper and a pencil.' ' T would go myself,' said Franeesea — 'if some one will tell me the way to Kingston.' ' One of the boys will go over with you in the omnibus. You are much too handsome to be ulxmt ut night alone,' said the old lady ; and Franeesea, with a .i i..f ii i x ... uFjirmmiig mugii, ii'ii wit rouiii 10 put oil her hut. Little Hetty had gone hack to the piano ami was ulxmt to continue playing, when Mrs. Kevelswortli called her.' 'Come here, child,' she said ; 'I want to talk to you !' Hetty obediently took her place on a low square st<xil with a woolwork-covered cushion at a little distance from her employer's high chair. ' Y'ou're a sharp little girl,' Margaret jieveisHoi iii organ. - n nut no you linns' of all these people?' 'They are all exceedingly nice,' Hetty wus liegiiiiiiiig, when Mrs. Kcvclsworthcut her short impatient 1 y. 'Nice! Fiddlestick! You're not talking of cakes or pies. To begin with — what do you think of the Frenchman.' ' I think he is very amusing and amiable, and has eyes just like Mr. O'Meara's collie dog, so soft and brown and kind,' said little Hetty, blushing over her own enthusiasm. ' l'sliaw. Eyes like a French poodle more likely, lie can't even spruk bis father's language, and is as full of antics and grimaces as a monkey. And bow do you like Dudley.' ' I think be is exceeding handsome, and tlmt lit' SI'IMIM VtM'V t'lt'VPI inifl inir Just a little grave, though, don't volt think.' 'No - I don t. I like that English dignity and solidity in a man. And now. Hetty, what is you real opinion of the other one. 'Miss Kevelswortli. 1 think she is wonderful. I can't take my eyes off her. I never thought a woman could lie so lieiuitifill.' ' If 1 were a younger and more nervous woman,' said she old ladv suddenly, 'she would make my flesh creep. Betty stared at her in astonishment. 'Don't glare at nie, child,' Margaret Kevelswortli exclaimed testily. ' I am eighty next hirtliduv, and I haven't been much inthe world. Twenty years I'velived like an oyster in Kevelswortli House, and thirty years before I lived in Kevelswortli Hall mid saw but little company. But my powers of observing haven't got rusty, and I'm not il man, to be taken in by a beautiful face and a silky manner. I've read of basilisks, and I've read of upas- trees, and plants that absorb all nourish- ment in the air and starve their neigh bours ; and I think of all those things when my niece Franeesea comes near me.' ' But she seems so gentle.' 'Seems — yes! But Sikes here wasn't taken in, and no more urn 7.' Voices outside the room at that moment cut short the discussion, and the door opened and Francescuentored, accompanied by her two cousins. She was laughing while she leisurely buttoned her gloves. iiKHibnuu, mull, .-III,: .-,,,111. ,r|||- escort will he quite enough for me as far us Kingston, if indeed I require an escort at all.' 'Which of us will you have?' asked Dudley. Franeesea glanced, smiling, from one face to the other. In the eyes of both brothers there was an eager look, dispro portionate as it would appear to the occasion. For the first time in their lives Dudley and Victor found that their interests clashed, and that a sense of rivalry had sprung up between them. 'Now which shall it Ix:?' she said. ' France or England ! And, to begin with, does either of you know the, way ' 'Oil, can't miss that ! ' cried Hetty, who had been watching the little scene of coquetry with intense interest. Tt's perfectly straight along the road opposite, which leads to Kingston Bridge,' ' You're wasting time, all of you,' said Mrs. Kevelswortli sharply,. ' Dudley, see your cousin to Kingston post-oilice and back. But you, Victor — can you play the piano ?' 'T am a little amateur of music, inadutiic,' -said Victor, Ixiwing stillly in extreme vexation ut lii.s mint's highhanded ness. ' I don't know what that means. Hut, if you know your notes, you can sit down ami play duets with Betty. There arc a lot of operaetic duets among the old music, tiTid the child never hits any one to play them with her.' Somewhat mollified, Victor tixik a seat. at the piano by little Jiettys sine, mm speedily forgot his momentary ill- temper in her agreeable society. She was a charming musician mid he was devoted to music, although as a performer he lacked practice. To all appearance therefore the quartette of young people were all satis fied ; and Mrs. llevelsworth, as she raised a bar of the Venetian blinds mid looked across the green at Dudley and Franeesea walking together towards Kingston, could not repress a thrill of pride over their appearaee. 'True Kerelsworths to look at,' she said to herself. ' A pair like that would he diflicult to match. That girl was like an empress; nut tnere s sonieiiung iimcuhim about her all the same.' As they walked along, Dudley was turning overin hisowiiniiiidhowlie should lx-st lead up to the question he meant to ask Franeesea. He had easily induced her to walk to Kingston intend of making use of an omnibus. ' As it is lxirely nine, and we can t tele graph until ten, we might just as well walk, if you are not tired,' he had sugges ted. 'Tired. Oh, I am never tired.' ' You must be a very unusual young woman.' ' I suppose I am. T never have head aches, I always sleep splendidly and enjoy my food ; 1 never have tooliaehe or neuralgia, I am never low-spirited, and, as I told you before, T nin never tired.' ' ' A healthy mind in a healthy body,' ' lie (pioted. ' You certainly look like tlmt, Franeesea. Hut where have you been living all these years since my uncle Harold's death. You have no Italian accent, so I suppose you have been in England.' She paused a few seconds before renlviiKr : then she said — 'I have travelled a good deal. My father always spoke English with mc, and I had an English governess. After his death I bad to earn my living, and 1 taught Ituliun in English families.' ' Did you say,' he then inquired, unde terred by a growing constraint in her manner, ' that you only came over fruiu Ttaly yesterday I' 'Yes. Why !' ' It is so curious,' lie said, watching her closely ; ' I could have sworn 1 met and SjlUKU Ultll UI.1I/ Franeesea stopped short in her walk ami looked at her cousin in wonderment. 'With me?' she said. Why, how is that possible ? I crossed from Calais to Dover by the afternoon boat yesterday. Then, when I arrived in London quite late, there was the ditlieulty of getting lodgings ; and I. certainly spoke, to 110 man except porters and railway-officials and hotel-keepers between lauding in England and going to bed last night at half- past icn. 'You will laugh ut me, of course,' he said, looking ut her face and trying to read by the light of the iiiooii whether she was speaking the truth, ' lint I imagined I met you at about this hour last night in a music-hall in Is-ieester Square.' ' A music-hall ! I have never been to one in iiiv life!' ' I thought you were dressed in deep mourning, and that- you bad a companion with you-- a short woman, whose face I could not see. I thought- you were wearing a very thick black veil, and that presently you put it back and looked about you looked at inc. And then — But 1 need not tell you the rest - — ' (to hi; ciiS'lTNLHtli.) 