A LOCAL DE R0UGEMENT. I don't know whether yon can make out the writing ; I've borrowed a foun tain pen, au abomination so called, doubtless because it squirts all over the paper. is particularly erratic this warm weather, the hanged thing flows out like a fireman's squirt one minute, then shuts up like a sly " tote" shop in 1 „ sight of a bobby the next. The summer with its attendant evils is again upon us. There are also atten dant blessings, but they are not for me. The self denial in daily cultivating an exceeding great thirst, yea many thirsts, followed by the unutterable joy of irri gating the inner man by the judicious application of " long beers"— ab 1 'tis not for me ! The position of my rural abode precludes tbe possibility of such delights. A hard fate has dumped me down on what I was once won't to term a smiling river — the Loddon that was — which now is uut a gutter of abomina- tions. The evil looking fluid in its bed (in my youth so pure aud sparkling) supplies me with the wherewithal to quench my thirst, and oh 1 the bitter ness of hearing a few frogs croak as they hop despairingly over my eppiglottis to vanish amidships ! Perhaps some day, who knows ? a little water will be let down to ns to keep the few catfish we deoend upon from being smothered in the slime. Then we will be no longer compelled to take onr whiskey neat, nor to drink our water through a handker chief. Apropos of the river (sic.') Not a fortnight ago a party from Kersng came out shooting and fishing at my place. I left ofi raking in a bit of wild oats I was at and joined them, for I knew they always were well supplied with bottles for sncli expeditions. They voted first for shooting, having heard of same wom bats being seen the day previous circling over Mrs Jones' hen coop, and attacking ihe young lambs in the district. I lined up with the rest with my trusty aid Enfield fowler. She wants a new ham- mer, and has only half a nipple ; her barrel is the leats bit askew, and she kicks like blazes, but she's a beggar to kill. We had an alright time. I api no egotist, but I must say I'm reckoned the best shot in the Koondrook battalion of Rangers, and there's not one of them who can't get within 40 or 50 yards of the target at the 200 yard6 range nearly every shot, which is no mean shooting you'll allow. Yes, sir, if I get near enongh to dig a hare in the ribs I'm all there, and bowl him over a stiff' un every time. We had no casualties, barring a Salvation army chap who had tbe luck to carry somebody's snperfloous shot home to sit on, only, unfortunately for the poor cuss, it was all inside his skin. After trudging round for some time, we heaved np at the Lower L-ddon, and, being tired, were glad to sit awhile and have a smoke. Not counting the miser able, mangy, half grown rabbits our dogs had chewed np while asleep in a lignum bush, and the dilapidated re mains of a cockatoo a Kerang Johnny had murdered, we had nothing to prove our prowess wilh the guns. The day was irarpj on Ihe plains, and as we were remote f,om the haunts, ana - apart from the habitation of man, in a secluded bend, we decided to indulge in a swim, for though the water looked a bit off color (it always does), we sus pected nothing out of the oidinary. I was the first to fake a header, Yegods! a splash, a splutter, a woful gurgling groan, and I stuck fast, wrong end np. healing ihe wide, wide world, spasmodi cally like a bull-frog disappearing down a crane's neck, or a sick cow giving op the ghost. I knew it was all up with me, and, like a lightning flash, my whole life flitted past my appalled conscience. I viewed again in the twinkling of an eye my many shortcomings, how only that morning I had salted the little woman's tea, and jabbed a pin into the youDgs'er to make him howl, as I wanted my smoke in peace ! And then I thought (its amazing how yon think in such a predicament) how ungrateful I'd look when the coroner came round to sit en me ; and then again, how could he sit on me ? and how those horrid cranes might dispute with the wombats the right of roosting among my toes t At tbis moment I felt a nibble at my nose, and the feelers of a catfish got into niy eye. This last was too awful — disgust, despair and fear gave me strength to extricate myself, and with a mighty ef fort I pulled my head from its slimy resting place, and, gasping and choking, I trekked feebly out, and those brutes ou shore only laughed ! They screamed 1 Yon have read the yarn of the cuttle fish, the giant squid ? You know, when pursued by his enemy the shark, or other vermin, he seeketh not safety in legitimate flight or dignified retreat, hot, emitting an inky black substance, covers his ignominious withdrawal in the gloomj filling his nibs ihe shark with temporary blindness, and a fearful contempt for such unsoldierlike and highly question able tactics. Well, as I waddled across that bog hole, not all the cutties in the sea conld rival the black trail I left astern. Beyond yon rippling treache rous six-inch layer of water (?) are three faet of 'leaves and fi or 1(J feet of black slime (this is only "approximate; for I don't think £ bottomed it !) Imagine me as I stepped ashore, a black object of moving mournful misery, and those beggars lay back and roared ! I record it in paiD, not in anger. It took a or G stiff nobblers to set me going, but I did not get the taste of that vile com pound out of my njoutfi for weeks, I am t' off" the creek now, Henceforth J perforin my ablutions in a cattle trough, getting off the rust in sections. So if you hear anyone say that we of the plains way back bathe not, neither do we swim, knock him down for a lie, and shuffle off a clog dance on his chest Sol a cheat. WAIKAMARA. 