ZIONIST CONFERENCE. COLONEL GOLDSMID'S ADDRESS. (Continued.) What is the cure for the evils Isiael has to undergo in these latter days ? Two courses present themselves, viz. : ASSIMILATION yND THE REALISATION OF THE NATIONAL IDEA, As rftaards the former it can only be carried out in one way, and that is by wholesale apostacy and inter-marriage. Then, and then only wll there be true assimilation. Such a consummation we know to be an absolute im possibility. Nat'ons rise and nations fall, but Israel never dies. It is incredible that tli3 martyrdom of the ages should culminate in so cowardly, so criminal a surrender. I have heard English Jews argue that we English Jews have solved the Jewish question in Eng land, that our fathers fought the battfe of civil and religious liberty, and won it for their descendant^, and that the Jews of other lands should do the same. Very pretty and plausib'e sentiments, but how fallacious ! The English Jews mainly owe their present happy state to the inborn love of f airplay and freedom that is the inheritance of a Briton. It must also be bom in mind that when the barriers were broken down in this country the proportion of Jews to the general population was very small. The bulk of the race is, however, located in Eastern Europe, crowded together by oppressive laws or the force of circumstances to Ghettos and Pales of settlement. Dep'ived of the ordinary rights ol citizMiship, education and the means of gaining honest livelihoods, denied to them by the governments, what wonder that THE RACE DETERIORATES, physically and intellectually? It is all very well for the prosperous well-to- do British Jew, who has ntver bowed beneath the yoke of the oppressor to say ' Why don't you do as I cloT The conditions are absolutely different ab initio. It is very easy to preach patience from a comfcrtable arm-chair to the victims -f injustice and tyranny, whose nearest and dearest are dying of physical and intellectual . starvation. Change places, my dear friend, with those you are giving such advice to. No man can come to a sound conclusion in an argument unless he, for the moment, casts aside all previous bias and forces himself to view the situation through his opponents' eyes. Do this ar.d ytu will no longer wonder at THE HOLD ZIONISM HAS ON THE MASSES of yur race, as the only hope of salvation for them and their children ; while he, looking through your eyes, will see, perhaps, that you ! fear the attempt to realise the National Idea may involve unpleasantness to the compara tiue small portion of the race living in a land where persecution is unknown. This looking with each other's eyes will do both good. To Zionists the strides that the National Idea has made during the last few years is a source of encouragement. It is not very long ago that it was treated by its opponents wrhin the community with contemptuous silence, then with good-natured raillery, and its adherents 'ooked on as visionary enthusiasts. Visionary, indeed ! The events of the last few months have turned the tables with a vengeance. Who are the visionaries now, the Zionists or the assimilators % This century had hardly dawr.ed when the Sanhedrin, convoked by the great Napoleon, abandoning the traditions of their race, discarding the National Idea, so'emnly declared ' La France est no!re Zion,' and Jo and behold, as the century is drawing to a close, we see the Zion of their choice denying ihem, even as they denied their Zion. Alas, poor vissionaries, once again Israel is learning that they who forget Z'on, their right hands forget their cunning, and become impotei.t to save. Not; in vain, however, the failure, not in vain the persecutions and miseries, ever increasing, .of the race, in spite of themselves their eyes are, by the mysterious will of Divine Providence, forced Zionwards, from whence the only possible salvation can come. What is Israel without Zionism 1 Her Prayer Book, permeated as it is with the National Idea, would be little, if- at all, short of BANK BLASPHHMY ; remove the idea from the Prayer Book you. emasculate ifc,; and; disintegration would be. rapid ; letain it and deny Zionism, is address ing the Almighty vith one's tongue in one's cheek, I know there are some ultra nervous people amongst us who fear lest an idea should arise that a Jew in this country who is a Zionist, cannot be a loyal English subject,' With equal justice one might urge that no- be'ieving English Christian .can be a loyal subject because he believes the day will coma when all nations will render homage to an anointed KingJ of Israel. The truth is tint no Jew can give a greater prcof of bis fitness for the restoration of his ancient nationality than by being a loyal subject of the land he was born or reared in. There can be no . question of clashing interests. The Zionists; .do not dream of establishing a great power wlioe interests would clash with those of other great powers. All they wish for is the estab* lishment of a State in their ancient land undei? the guarantee of all the Powers, where the weary and persecuted of their race would be sure of asylum. It is to the interest of the Powers of Europe that some solution of the Jewish problem should be arrived at, and no other practical solution appears possible. The establishment of such a State would no more necessitate the exodus of the .Jews of all the lands of the Dispersion, than did the estab lishment of the Kingdom of Greece necessitate the exodus of all the Greeks. Another plausible objection to Zionism lias been raised on the score that it is striving to fulfil prophecy. As well might one reproach those who wage war against evil in this world, on the grouud that they are striving to bring about the Messianic Age. Are those who love their kind to sit with folded hands doing nothing, on the ground that it is impious to contend w'th what is permitted by the Almighty? Is. it not rather a man's duty to do all that lies in' hig power, and trust that his efforts may be blessed 1 Are Zionists to blame because they believe the best panacea for existing evils is the one foretold by the prophets of their own race ? The fact that we desire the physical resto ation in no way lessens our faith in our spiritual mission Quite the contrary Israel is how a homeless ghost, and if he is to be made palpable to the senses of mankind, he must be clobhed in the flesh. The mission of Israel can never be fully accomplished until he is,in possession of a territorial habitation from which the law will go forth. It is absurd to suppose that the National Idea can exist apart from the religious idea, any more than the body can exist without the soul. Abandon the religious idea, and the result is an automaton in which the breadth of life is non-existant. By the religious idea I refer to no particular phrase of orthodoxy, but to the highest ideals of our faith, as enunciated by our law-giver and prophet-, to the moral law, which through the agency of Israel must for its empire ultimately have the whole earth. 1 (to be continued.) 