cppwM; mining.;; ;;(13fQm^^ v/Kanowna, August i7r Another '^rushing ^return : ; ir^iiu'^he;* Camelus /lease is reported. Thisipro p'erty-i'ff'v situated about 4 miles . 'nor&h;^eas't ©f Kanowna, and is held by working miners. About a month ago a crushing rrom the property was treated at the Trernain mill on the Mountain Maid lease, and this resulted in a ; 2oz average. The crushing just received wa3 one of .50 ton?, and the gold? ob- tained 97oz'3dwt. . There is ' still about 200 tons at grass awaiting treatment. ' Another crushing plant has just been erected near the town., This consists of a Huntingdon mili, which has now. started running, about half a mile south of^ Ka nowna. Everything is in apple-pie order, and Mr A. W. Anderson, who superin tended the erection of the plant, has been appointed manager. The mill is now running on a 300-ton parcel of cement from Walter and paity's claim' on the Fitzroy Lead. The water supply is being obtained from the Lily Australis lease, which is situated ad jacent to the property. This morning f. Burgess, a prospec tor who is one of the holders of a' lease -north of Pindinnie, arrived in town and banked 430oz of gold at the Western Australian Bank. When this became known Burgess was besieged, but he refused to give any information as to the locality. Shortly after, however^ Burgess informed the Miner represen tative that he and his mate — a man named Wilson — obtained the gold froni a lease at Linden, about a quarter of a mile from the Blair Athol leases. They had dollied 37Ooz out of a rich leader ;-. the remainder of the parcel was obtained by crushing the stone raised in order to strip the leader. Burgess left again for Linden this afternoon. Brown and party have struck a-niee. run of gold in their claim on the South Lead, the. prospects showing about ldwt to the dish. The 'Niggers' claim, which adjoins the above property, is proving even richer, and several dishes panned off to-day yielded an average of loz to the dish. W inkier and party, who hold a claim on the Golden Valley Lead, are sending a trial crushing of 25 tons for treatment at the Lake View South. This claim is looking ' exceedingly well, several coarse pieces up to lOdwt having been won during the past few days. The Kanowna Carbine, which ceased crushing its own stone about twelve months ago, is to be prospected still further, as tenders have now been called for putting in a crossjut ot 100ft in the main shaft. The alluvial ground near the All Nations lease, which was recently sup posed to have been the spot where the ' Sacred Slug ' was found, is now practically deserted, the miners who ob tainel the 24oz slug there having migrated to the 6-Mile Lead. Another large slug was found in Downife and party's claim, on the 6-Mile Lead to-day. A piece weighing 28dwt was found on Tuesday, and a 80oz piece was taken out late this afternoon. Society Lady : How I should love to be a fashionable solicitor. He : Why ? S.L. : Because you must hear such a lovely lot oi: scancjal on tho Q.T. The Butler : Hevery night at the 'our of midnight the ghost happears, and groans, and wrings 'is 'ands. Tourist : Ah, he must have died in the cucumber season. Edith : Do jrou think it is wrong to say darn ? Bertha, : Perhaps not ; but when one is vexed, instead of saying darn,. I think it more ladylike dimply to knit one's brow. ' Queer how we like blind people better than we do deaf people.' ' That's . not queer at all.' ' Why isn't it ?' ' Sympathy costs nothing, but shouting tires our luagf.' 