The Divine Will and Duty. (By the Rev. Dr. John Watson. "Ian . Maclaren.") "And I will bring the blind- by a way that they. itnew not : I will lead- them in paths that they have not known: I will.make darkness light before-them, and . cirooketV-'thing8-.-stnalghil."---Isaia*i xiii., 16. Certain blessings are apt to grow common place through frequent use. and for that reaspn one ls never properly grateful for the simpli city of daily duty. Were one to,go. forth every day on a trackless wilderness, knowing not wnat : be would '..haw'td'.' áó, ' or ?whither ; he'imght have-to. ?turn;' 1 ife would loso its - rest,- and ; we^w.puld-. spend' bur hours in à fever. : Aa it is/the way for most of, us" is- laid out beyond - the mistaking^ and aH_ -thati is.demandedibr us is^an'tíónest-mind 'ana;a' . diligëpt hand.' ?' ^There may come a day, however, tofidyeryone when his^path, whereinhe could have walked with his - eyes' ;shut. so. accustomed , was he to the routine of his life, disappears on tho hillside. - Ah ordinaryt man, " who has "walked " af .his ease, and ever taken the road for granted', receives a rude shock. He had not complained if tho path had become steep or rough, unless he were a coward, but when it ceases he is cast into the gravest- of all perplexities. It goesrwithout saying that in such circumstan ces what he desires is to discover his duty, or, as lt would be put in the Bible. , r . TO KNOW THE WILL OF GOD.' [ For anyone who has faith believes that while there j'many be many ways in which his feet might go,' and .some of them very .alluring and pleasant to the "me," as the mystics would say, there is .only one- wherein he is called to walk, and on which the favor of God .rests. If he miss it through his wilful ignorance, or the pride of his heart, ,]or the glamor of this world, or the unwise advice of short-sighted friends, then for a time he may go softly,'but the end of his. going will be disaster to his life and. the lives bound up. with his. Un less this one is altogether shallow and frivo lous-without any sense of the responsibility of life-he will be 'cast into an agonyv jn such a crisis, and will know no -rest till he has found for himself the pathway.of the Divine Will. j When one is in this case he knows that lie cannot look for any visible sign such as was , said to have been given in the youth of the race. For .him . . -'";?'.'.?''-'. '."?-. I. NO VOICE WILL SPEAK FROM ÀN OPEN. !; ;.' " .?-,/: ?.? ?;?' HEAVEN, ; '?.?..'?-?.?-'---. no pillar of cloud or fire move: across the wilder ; ness,, no jewels, blaze on a high priest's, breast,, .no ; rod burst, 'into : blossom,;. He ' must: carefully "collect :'''-ana';;''we'|lgh':/.ali- the , circumstâhcès%hich ? bear upon the . situation, and with- them work, out' the problem as a mathematician with figures. The Will of God; cometh not in radiant robes as an angel to the door, but is dressed in common gar ments like, the Son of God Himself, and must be sought for in the market-place where -men transact the affairs of life; and there must this Blessed* Will (be identified.' . If . any man ' allows himself to act upon a sudden. Impulse or yields to the fascination of. some, fantastic dreamy if he re fuses to avail himself 08 sound advice and com mon sense, if he does not face facts and keep in touch with reality, then he may get the credit of sentiment, but he shall not be absolved by reason. And between reason and the Will ' of God there can be no conflicts since the . Divine Will is indeed but another name for the supreme rea son. .' .?' '.' ' i '.-;;: .'" '":; THE TEST OF DUTY. '-;-'' .It were too much to say that in pursuing this .inquiry a man , should have " no regard to his own desires and inclinations, for this were a counsel of perfection. If in changing, for in stance; his sphere of labor, one were to secure for his nature wider scope and hence the opportunity of feeding worthy tastes; or if. in sb. doing, he were to break loyaband abiding friendship's and tear himself away-from an atmosphere, of love and : friendship, he is surely entitled to consider him self and his friends. But on the whole, any one trying, hqwéver poorly, to "live the life," will .regard with, just suspicion personal satisfac tion even in its nobler forms, and will constantly j remind himself that by' the discipline of sacrifice : does, the soul . obtain life more abundantly. The ? "disciple of our:: Master will- therefore . test .all ; . evidence. by, this principle, whether, it makes for Í easé; or hardness, 'and. will value at a high rate . such as bears ? :'. '? ?'?..";' ? ' THE SIGN. OF THE CROSS. \- While one * is bound to weigh- every visible" circumstance with great care, and even to calcu late their balance as "one; making up an irrevoc able account, it is not '"?. ; to be understood that God gives .,.'.'? no revela/tion, to . them who be pf a ""faithful heart..." The day . of visible signs, is over, but this' te not because God has.hidden Himself, but.because He has come the nearer to the soul. We live in the dispensation of ïthe , Holy Ghost, when the light is spiritual,-and shinfith. within. When a man in his frailty and ignorance is. in sore perplexity, and knoweth not what way to.turn. then must he first take.greät pains and get wise.advice and use his - reason ^manfully;'but- after; he has; done this lt renmineth that r he cast himself oh God and walt for the inner light as those who., watch for the morning. And although no one can tell how, yet it cometh to pass that God shineth.withln, and_ thereafter there is peace. ; . , . , ^ ' It- is. in. such an hour that .¿ne who has lived with God in.the Holiest has the reward of His fel lowship, and one who has lived in, the otiter court realises his loss. The . spiritual man is GUIDED SURELY AND GENTLY .. as by the- eye. of : God; while the uhspiritual i3 tossed to and fro, and sufiérs greatly. ' 'For thé soul ' of the one is quicksand sensitive, respon-; ;sive to the slightest touch -of 'Qpd; but the other ' is-hard and. froward, and needeth to be ruled~~as; with bit and bridle. Yet even to him, too, though : .with, more .pain,' cometh - thé revelation of God's! Will, but rather^ by lightning.than the breaking'of! day. And .when it. cometi, slowly or swiftly, there remairieth then but one thing." for ¡him to I do, and that is to obey;. None must after that [ point/hinder or yes him eyen by reasonable advice or friendly kindness. Bein« fully persuaded in his own mind, he must be true to lils best know ledge. When the light has once arisen, whether it showeth him his old path still stretching far before him on to the horizon where earth and heaven meet, or turning suddenly into a strange laud, for his own sake, and the sake of other; men, he must not disobey the heavenly vision. 