NEW BOOKS Wo have received from Messrs Franks and Co., bookseller*, Moorabool-street:— "Dawn," bj Rider Haggard, a re print of one of this author's most powerful novels, issued for colonial circulation by Longman's Green and Co., London. The Carisfootfamily, at the opening of tbe story, is represented by an old English squire, who delights in the soubriquet of Devil Curisfoot, i a very arbitrary old gentleman, bis son j Philip, a young man of strong passions, and I stronger will ; and George, a cousin, a [ Bcbeming unprincipled young cad, who » applies himself to undermining the father's ! confidence in tho son, and so far succeeds j that he is left heir to all the unentailed portion of the estate. Philip makes a clandestine marriage with the German companion of a yonng lady he had engaged himself to, and his wife dies in giving birth to a daughter. Angela, who becomes the heroine of the story. Tears pass • and this young lady falls in love with ono Arthur Heigham and the • feeling is mutual and their love story is vciy i prettily told, but George, who has become a ; roue of tho most abandoned type, conceives a j passion for Angela and resolves that at any | co*t- she shall become his wife. George ! plajB upon his cousin Philip's Bordid nature 1 and offers to practically give him tho prin cipal portion of the family estate. The : father.will only promise not to interpose any \ obstacle to the union. He, nevertheless, sends : Arthur Heigham away with tbe promise ! that if ho returns within » year in the 6&me; 1 mind he may marry Angela. In tbe mean 1 time the pair are to hold no correspondence with each other, and Arthur, reluctantly ac ceptingthoterm8,gooaabroad.Georg«nowplots with Mrs Bellamy, tbe not too virtuous wife [ of an attorney, to bring Angela over to bis | wishes, and this woman, who is a fiend in carnate, concoct3 a story of Arthur's death abroad and does not hesitate to forge a letter in Arthur's name, supposed to be a farewell from his death-bed, George affects sickness and takes to his bed. Representations are made to Angela that l>is end is ap proaching and the girl is prevailed upon to visit him. At this interview he tells her that he has not long to live, and that if she marries him the estates her father covets shall be made over to him. She finuliy consents, only to discover at the con I elusion cf the ceremony, how the has ! been imposed upon. In the meantime, Arthur Heigham is at Maderia, where a wealthy handsome widow haB fallen in love with him, and in the luxurious life be is liv j ing, he is in danger of proving unfaithful to ; Angela. He breaks away, however, reaches England, and arrives at Philip's house on tho very day that Angela bus married George. ' Angela at the time is in the neighborhood of a lake, whither her husband has pursued her and brutally lasbed her across tho face with his whip, to compel her to return home with him, when a favorite bull dog of Angela's I sets upon George, seizes him by tho throat, ! and dog and man roll over into tbe lake and are drowned. Arthur meets Angela ] at this moment, to find her almost dig- j fraught. Ho has heard of her marriage, and . is full of reproaches for her! apparent faithlessness and iu a storm of I passion he leaves her without Angela having ; 1 the opportunity of explaining her position. Arthur returns to Madeira, basks in tho smiles of the widow and is about to marry her when information reaches him of how Angola had, by means of u forged letter, been convinced of his death, and had been made tho victim of a double plot to force her into an unholy marriage. "Whether the lover# • become reconciled or Arthur marries the wealthy widow tbe reader must be left to discover. Most of tbe characters are powerfully drawn. Philip and George are scoundrels ut heart, but it is difficult to imagine a man of such weak will as Arthur Heigham influencing tbe feelings of two women so dissimilar as tbe wealthy worldly minded widow, Mildred Garr, and Angela, a pure, bigh-mioded woman witb the loftiest ideals of life. " Cross Trails," by Victor "Wnite, fMetbuon'fl Colonial Library), is a story of adventure in Argentina and ,Hew Zealand. It is redolent of love and crime. Two friends, journeying over the dreary South American plains, fall out about a worthless Spanish girl whom they have met at a dance, and one shoots the other and leaves him, supposing him to be dead. Then there is a mysterious parchment which is supposed to indicate the site of a sunken treasure ship on the coast of Hew Zealand. This dooument, after much shooting, falls into tho bands of Pedro Diaz, a Spaniard, who has witnessed tho -shooting of Spilford by Charlton. The two men meet again in How Zealand where Charlton is seeking tbe sunken Spanish galleon. Charlton has become reckless with drink and is over haunted by the fear of assassination at Pedro's hands or at being given up to justice by him. The treasure ship is eventually found hut there is no treasure in it, and tbe weird story finishes with the suicide of Charlton, and tho des truction of tho Spaniard by a bash fire. There are many side lights to the story re presenting life in Argentina and Hew Zea land which make interesting reading* " At Dawn and DuBk," poems by Victor J. Daley, ib a reprint of many beautiful pieces*wbich have appeared in Sydney and Melbourne newspapers. It will bo a welcome surprise to many to find these poems com plete in one volume, issued by tho well known Sydney firm of Angus and Robert son. The dedication of the book is very pretty, and places the reader at cnce in bympathetic harmony witb tbe writer. " To my Sister," ho says : " In memory of our young days ashine "With dreams fvben lif# was yet an opening rose. Take, Alice dear, this little book of mine, All made of dreams and dying sunset glows, A lonely bird that singeth far apart— Tot shall ring sweetor in its home, thy heart." Of the many fine pieces the book contains, "The Cruise of tbe * In Memoriam ' " is probably of most interest. It commences with ;— The wan light of a stormy dawn Gleamed on a tossing ship, It was the In Memoriam TJpon a mourning trip. The crew and passenger** see " gray ghosts and wan," on tho terrible voyage, ♦'Damned souls ; " the first mate said, "they sit. And count through endless years, The moments of Eternity On heads of burning tears, * * * * # # " There are the dear deceased you mourned, "With such exceeding zest; They call you—whoso freely goes. E'en yet may save the rest." A young girl who has lost her lover plungos into sea, when from gloom and despair, all becomes sunshine and happiness. And merrily to sound of bell#, To her old port full soon, Tho In Memoriam that went forth, Returned tlia Honeymoon. Many of the shorter pieces have great merit, and will be read witb interest. The book may bo obtained from Messrs H. Franks' and Co., Geelong. 