^riio has coranED perjury ? _ ? O ? A POLICE COUKT CA«E. CONTRADICTORY SWEARING. A case in which, a3 Mr F. Hare, R.M., said, one of the parties has sworn to a deliberate lie, was farther dealt with at the Kalsroorlie Police Court yesterday. On Saturday, July 2, Mr Hate heard a claim by Peter Peterson, for whom Mr J. Keenan acted, against W. Royle for £11 16s for wages clae. The(defendant did not appear, and judgment was en tered for plaintiff with £2 11s 6d costs. At the sitting of the Police Court on the following Monday morning Royle was present and told the R.M. that he had not become possessor of the summons until about half -past 10 o'clock on Saturday morning, and had not consequently been able to get to court in time to defend the case. The police court is regularly opened at 10 a.m. The plaintiff had signed an affidavit to the effect that he had served the summons on the defendant per sonally. In view of the contradictory statements the R.M. directed that the case be re- opened, Monday, July 11, being named as the time for it. How ever, on the day to which the case was adjourned to the R.M. was engaged in the Local Court, and the Justices of the Peace dealing with Police Court cases that morning, deferred that of Peterson v. Royal till the succeeding day, so that Mr Hare himself might look into the matter. Accordingly the case in question was listed for Tuesday morn ing- Mr J. Keenan appeared for Peterson and Mr Thomas Wilkinson for Royle. The R.M. recounted the facts above stated. Mr Keenan then raised objec tion to a re- hearing,maintaining that the 'R.M. had no power to do it. The defendant's remedy lay in a writ of certiorari or an appeal to the Supreme Court. Mr Wilkinson, on the other hand, contended that there was the power for the R.M. to in tin 3 court undertake a re-hearing. Argument on the point had not been concluded when the Court adjourned for the luncheon hour. In the afternoon there was more contention by counsel as to the power of the R^M. to have a rehearing, but the matter was allowed to drop by Mr Keenan, and evidence was taken. W. Royle deposed on oath that he remembered last Saturday week, when the claim against him by Peterson was down for hearing. First heard of it at about half- past 10 o'clock in the morning. He had not before that time been served with this summons or seen it. Had never seen plaintiff in reference to it, and had not been personally served with the summons. A man named Vv'. Joues told him about it. He (witness) was told that a verdict had gone against him in court for wages, and Jones asked him why he had not appeared. He answered that he heard nothing about it. Found the summons on the floor of his camp afterwards. . Got to the court just as it was being adjourned and the R.M. was going into his office. Went round and told the R.M. about- it, and was told to attend at court on Monday. To Mr Keenan : He went to his camp at 12 o'clock the previous night. Got up at about 10.30 on Fri day morning. Was not at the camp from noon on Friday till about 7 p.m. After that he .went into the town again and stayed till about 12. Did not see any summons then. Did not look in the corner alongside the door. Had not reason to think that Peterson would issue a summons against him. Peter son was swearing falsely in the affidavit he filed in declaring that he served him (witness) with the summons on Friday afternoon, Peterson knew him well enough. P. Peterson, swornr stated that about last Friday week he took the summons down to Royle. Personally served the summons on him ; handed it to him. Royle was at the time in his coffee stall, standing outside his camp, doing some work. Royle said to witness, '?' You stand no ghost of a show of getting your money.' Subsequently attended at Mr Keenan'sf office and. swore the affidavit. Knew what he was swearing. To Mr Wilkinson : Was at Royle's place with the summons between 1 and 2 o'clock. That was as near as he could remember. To the Bench : There was no one else present. Got the summons at about half-past 12. On the way to Royle's spoke to a man and asked him to come with him and see him serve the summons, but the saan re fused to do so. The R.M. remarked that in the evi dence one of the parties was certainly ! swearing to a deliberate lie. He would, leave it with the police to make in quiries and find out particulars- from anybody at all about the matter. Mr Keenan mentioned that a woman had been present that morning — a most unwilling witness, however — who- coald speak as to having seen Peterson about or near to Royle's- place. Senior-constable Anderson, who had heard what had passed in court,, stated that another man, an independent per son, said that Peterson had wanted him to accompany him as witness to the service of a summons on Royle, but had declined, saying:, that Peterson had better get a policeman. Royle was then recalled and asked by the R.M.as-to full account of his doings on Friday week. The w;itnes3 said he got up at about M) o'clock ;. that was his usual hour. At ab©ut H o'clock he went out to buy provisions, and re turned atprobably about 11.80 o'clock. Then he started cooking for his stall, but finding it came oiv to rain veiy heavily ne- decided not to go out with the stall that evening,, and stopped cooking, Caa-e to town at about 12 o'clock,, and was- in se?eml hotels and talked to several men. Did not go be.ek to camp uuiil 7 o'elocl; in the evenmg. Went out again after the evening meal, and did not get back tiil about 12 o'clock. Had no meal between 11 o'clock in the morning and 7 o'clock in the evening. The R.M. said he could not in any way re-open or re-hear the case on the evidence before him because it was a case of one man's word against another's. Mr Wilkinson asked for a stay of execution of judgment pending a possible appeal. Three days' stay was granted. 