J .GENERAL GLEANINGS, Tho southern millers in New Zealand have increased tho price oE flour to £13 10s per tou. The hull of tho Maitlaud has gone to pieces, oDly a small portion of the stern being now visible. Tho eathnato of cost o£ a railway from Grnfton to Glen Innes has been, reduced considerably below £1,000,000 A Queensland football toain will visit New South Wales during this, month. Porth (W.A.) reports good general, rain. Thedrought, which was seriously affecting agricultural districts, has. now broken. . The native prisoners awaiting trial in connection with the rising in New Zealand spend their time in singing hymns. MelbournePostalDopartment hopes to save £1500 per annum by the use of bicycles instead of horses for clear ing poetal pillars. Kedwater is reported to have broken out amongst a number of mobs of cattle arriving at Bo wen (Q.) from western stations. The Japan mail stoatner Tokio Maru, when oit Seal Kocks in a heavy gale, saw a sailing vessel burning blue rockets and signalling as though in distress*-—;.- ?- ' Newcastle Marino Board recom mend the erection of huts on Stockton. tocontaiu life-saving apparatus, i'.-bdi water, and fuel, and to connect them' with Newcastle by telephone. The New Zealand Promier hae laid the blame for tho native rising on tho settlers who, ho says, supplied the Maoris with arms and ammunition. The settlors aro indignant. A half-cast boy was loading a horse at Yalgoo (W.A.) by means of a rope tied round his waist. Tho animal bccatno frightened, and, bolting, drag ging the boy five miles. The lad's bead was beaten to a pulp. The: Victorian Old Ago Pensions Commission has suggested a State monopoly of tobacco as a means of raising part of the nocee?nry revenue. Other suggestions were a tax on house rent, and a tax on the unimproved value of land. The opinion appears to be general in shipping circles that the vessel which burned the blue liglita and made signals of distress off Nowcastlo foundered. The search of the tugs was. too sweeping not to have dis covered the vessel. Who has not heard of Fisher's .ghost—one of the horrors of the earlier days of this colony ? - Tho cottage where the saddler was murdered still stands at Gampbelltowu, and is' tenanted. , A ghastly discovery was recently made at Forty Foot, near Cabbage Tree, , Creswick, Vie, by. Trooper M'Lellan, who, on passing an old hut occupied by an aged Chinese, named Wye Yung, noticed a, smouldering fire .and on.going.to the hut. found the old foseicker, who was over 70 years of age, lying faco downwards in the iiro. Half the.uppor part of the body and one leg was burnt to cinders, and he must have been dead some hours. .As showing the wonderful changes which have been brought about since the introduction of the Federation question,'it is interesting to find that the leader of the Opposition is now a Telegraph-Lyne, fand a great many peopleexpectto find him at tho top of tho' "pole." But as the teffegraph lines in crowded thoroughfares are now placed underground, the sooner he is put there the better. A well-known resident of Muswell brook named H. Winsor, who had resided there over 30 years, is sup ppsed-.tohave left Sydney by the ill fated steamer Maitlaud. He has not since been heard of, and is thought to have,- been amongst those drowned. He was to have been home some days ago, and all hope of his being alive ie now abandoned, because when pre viously away from home he had always been accustomed to acquaint his wife with his movements. Very gloomy reports are being re ceivsd from the country districts of the south owing to the continued drought. A Corowa resident juet re turned from tho Berrigan district states that many, farmers are forced to use water as thick as pea coup for domestic purposes, and there is' not a green blade of grass to bo seen in any direction. It is expected that, the Jnmbing will be one of the worst ever known in that district. A number of squatters are already under heavy expense in feeding their sheep and other stock on lucerne hay. As showing the change which hae of late come over the spirit of the timoe, it is noteworthy that on Wednesday for the-first time in the history of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, a lady was allowed to speak befor this grave and reverend body. It was desired to ascertain the views of tho Women's Missionary Association on an amended revenue scheme, and a resolution was carried that Mies Forbes, tho general secretary of this association, should be heard, and this lady delivered an address. " Marvellous !" Such was the ex clamation of Captain Skinner when sitting among a group of people on Thursday evening.after tho inquest on the Maitland wreck. He said that a reef ran along shore about a mile and a quarter from the point where the wreck now lies, but rapidly breaking up. " There was but one opening in that reef," said tho skipper, " through which had. I attempted to steer the ship, had she been mauagoablc, I could not have done it without imminent danger. Inside were numerous boul ders. Through all this she swept broadside on to within 250 feet of the mainland rocks. Had sho struck on the outer reef ship and all must have poriehed. It was marvellous !" For Bronchial Coughs, take AVood's Great Peppermint Cure, 1/6 and 2/6. 