lhackeray's One Night Ghost. Many roadorsof " Tho Virginians " have wondorod how Tbuckeray was ablo to write so graphio . and correct an account' of his hero's oscapo from Fort Duquesno and his juuniu)- laiuugu iao wiiucrncBH,-aB laacK- oray bad novor soon tho magnificant valloy Uirough: which his gallent hare flodaftor' -his daring oscapo. As q matter of faot Thaokoray did not writo it at all. He - was at dinner in London with Anthony Tiollopo, Wilkio Collins, and othor bolobntios. - ' Tho guests woro silt'ng down to their wino and cigars, whon Thackeray, who was entertaining the company with his wit and satire, suddenly stopped, and looking at his watch, oxcluiinod ; — ' ' Gontlomon, I must loavo you, I havo prooaisod tbo printer a ohaptor of ' Tho ' Tho Virginians,' to-morrow morning, and I haven't wri'ton a lino of it yot. I hate to go, but I must; tbo printer is inexor- uhlo; so wishing you all ' anothor mooting whon I can ho longer with you, I bid you a good ovening.' . There was present a minor author nam- od Kennedy, and Thaokoray had almost roaphod tho door whon ho callod him back and said : 'Perhaps I can writo tho chapter for you. What are you going to desoribof Tbo groat novolist soemod a littlo aston- ished at this hold proposition, hut ho was too polite to say what ho thought. ' Kennedy, you are extremely kind, and gladly would I lot you writo.the chapter tor mo, for I hats to loavo a jolly party in the midst of fun.' ' Then don't,' all tho company cried. Stay with us, and let Mr. Kennedy write it.'. \- ' I have half a mind to lot yon do it, just for tho fun of the thing. It is a ohaptor, ohtelly of description, giving an account of my faoro's osoapo from FortlDuqaosno.' 'If (hat's what you are writing about I can do it, for I know ovory foot .of the ground.' 1 AU right, then,' said Thackeray, rosum- it early to-morrow morning.' Mr. Konnody withdrew, and, goiqg to his homo, wroto the fourth ohaptor of the second volume of " Tho Virginians " ; and thus it happened that tho narrativo of tho hare's flight was so accurate as to the topo graphy of tho oountry through whioh he piissodi 