[?] ? ???-?? ,v- --^VV- : ??' -'?-?? By KPmL^IPSiol3PPENHErM,- Y Aotaor of '&al;$? :'EM§eiiaB.'' , 'The Monk of ? V Crut£,l'r&ci..; &a-; ..':??.'?'?' OSAPTJER VttL- / Theiie.are claye marked in .our lives wifli ..white stones. \V^, can never forget them. Recollections, a very easy effort of memory, seem to bring back even in some -measure the very thrill, the same pulsations and emotions, as were kindled into life by certain neverto be-forgotten happenings.' Time cannot wea ken them.. Whilst we have life the memory ui mem us eLtiAuii. . ? auu uitxe. a-iu uuin days against the memory of which we have dropped a black stone. We shrink from anything which may recall them. No sacri fice would seem, too great if only we could set the seal of oblivion upon those few hated' hours. ? We school ourselves ?. to close our eyes, and turn ouj: heads. away from any- j thing which might ia* any manner recall | them to us. Yet .we are powerless. Ghosts of them steal light-footed, detested and unin vited guests, across our fairest moments; the chill of winter shakes us on the most bril liant of midsummer days; the color steals from our cheeks, and our blood runs to water. We are at the mercy of those touches of icy reminiscence. There is no escape from them. There never will be ..any escape. The Sunday which followed my. father's visit to London is one of th'ose hideous memories. In the ca lendar of my life it is marked witn the black est of black stones. I only pray that such another day as that may nevei* find its way into my life. The morning passed much as usual. My father had scarcely spoken to us on the pre vious evening. In reply to our half eager, half frightened questions, he admitted that ne had been ill. He would not hear or a doc tor. His malady, he told us, was one which he himself perfectly understood. He would be better in a few days. He ate and drank sparingly, and then retired at once to his room. We heard him drag himself wearily up the stairs, and Alice burst into tears, and I myself felt a lump in my throat. Yet what could we do? He would not have us near him. The only invalid's privilege which lie permitted himself was a fire in his bed room, and this he asked for immediately he entered the house, although the night was close and oppressive, and he had come in with beads of perspiration standing out upon his white forehead. In the morning he preached an 'old sermon, preached it with weary lips and wholly non chalant manner. His pallid face and lustre less eyes became objects of remark amongst the meagre congregation. I could hear peo ple whispering to one another when the ser vice was over. Lady Naselton spoke to me of it with concern as we passed down the aisle. 'I am sorry, to see your father looking so dreadfully ill, dear,', she remarked. 'I am particularly sorry to-day. Come outside, and I will tell you why.' We passed out together into the sunlit air, fresh and vigorous after the dull, vault-like gloom of^the little church, with its ivy-hung windows. Lady Naselton held my arm. 'My dear,' she said, 'the Biehop is lunch ing with us to-day, and staying all night. I have spoken to him about your father. He remembers him quite well, and he is coming to service this evening on purpose to hear him preach.' ' 'The Bishop,' I repeated, vaguely. 'Do you mean our Bishop? The Bishop of Ex chester?' 'Yes. I am not supposed, of course, to say anything about it, as his visit has nothing whatever to do with diocesan affairs, but I should be so disappointed if your father did not make an impression upon him.' . \- She looked around to be sure that no one wag listening. It was quite a needless pre caution. . 'You see, dear, I happeii to know that ther& are two vacant stalls at the cathedral, and the Bishop wants a preacher badly. It is owing to what I have told him about your father that he is coming over ro-dly. I do hope that he will be at his best this evening.' 'I am afraid that there is very little chance of 'it,' I answered, blankly. 'He is really very ilL He will not admit it, but you can eee for yourself.' 'He must make an effort,' Lady Naselton said, firmly. 'Will you tell him this from me? Say that we shall all be there, and if only he can make a good impression — well, it is the chance of a lifetime. Of course, we Bhall all be terribly sorry to lose you, but Ex chester is not very far off, and we really could not expect to keep a man with your father's gifts very long. Try and rouse him up, won't you? Good bye, dear.' She drove off, and I waited at the vestry door for my father. He came out with half dosed eyes, and seemed scarcely to see me. I walked by his side, and repeated what Lady Naeelton had told me. Contrary to my ex pectations, the news was sufficient to rouse him from his apathy. 'The Bishop here to-night!' he repeated thoughtfully. 'You are quite sure that there is no mistake? It is the ..Bishop of Ex chester?' I nodded assent 'So Lady Naselton assured me. I have heard her say more than once that they knew him very well indeed. She is most anxious that you should do your very best. It seems that there are two stalls vacant at the cathe draL' The light flashed into his eyes for a mo ment, and then died out 'If only it had been a week ago,' he said. 'I have other things in my mind now. I am not in the mood to prepare anything worth listening to.' 'Those other things, father,' I eaid, softly. 'Are we to remain wholly ignorant of them? If there is any trouble to be faced, we1 are ready to take our share.' He shook his head, and a wan smile flicker ed for a moment upon his pale lips. . He looked at me not unkindly. 'It may come, Kate,' he said softly, 'Till then, be patient and ask no questions.' We had reached the house, and I said no more. Directly after luncheon, at which he ate scarcely anything, he went into his study. We hoped, Alice and I, that- he had gone to work. But in less than half an hour he came out. I met him in the hall. 'My hat and stick, Kate,' lie said. ' 'I am going for a walk.' His manner forbade questions, but as he :was leaving the house an impulse came to me. 'May I come with you, father?' I asked, *'I was going for a, walk, too.' He hesitated for a moment, and seemed about to refuse. What made him change his mind I could never telL But he did change it ' . , ? ? 'Yea, you; can come,' he said, shortly. 'I am starting now, though. I cannot wait for a moment' ' * *-'',. 'I am quite ready,' I a*nswered, taking my hat and-gloves'from .the stand. . So we passed out' of the house together. At the gate he paused for a moment, and I thought that he was going to take the road which led to the Yellow House and Deyille Court. Apparently he changed his mind, titfwever. . _ - - (/''We will tal£e the footpath to Bromilow Downs,' he said. 'I nave never been there.' * ? We 'turned our backs npon the more fa miliar places, and walked elowiy along the tonntty which led to'45ie' Downs, We neither of us spoke a word for some time. Oaee -or twice I glanced towards Tilm with concern. He was moving with uncertain steps, and every now and then he pfessed his hand to His side. Physically, I could see that he was Scarcely equal to the exertion of walking. It was me.ntal disquiet which' sad brought him out His eyee were dry andinight, and there imnp passed : ? -Msoin KOTe^-ilcaB JjUtpah?' j.-!-» ?Ae^plHi =: hfe hat.v'-^gl|l^^^fewep^^Sgl^ his ? hair/ .tod '^tiMr^^p|i^^|ifc^^&g; M§6k : in a - long';br^^%i^L%^:Ml!^''%:^iiC^':%e : .said, soiay..'.^fi^&&^t^e^.-:- ^^i^S'.^ We :^tupM ^4 ^^^t'0iah&i; pine itee on the verge -of ^ege^maianl* TFar away: on -the hillside i50^^fe';-t^^ciii^^e^:rf'.-^a$d.'' ton Hall. Llpoiked at |henv®ia of a «uflden the desire to ^ telL;idj;£aaie^'|p3hat t knejv '? --f that man's , pres'enee1 ^ there grw .stronger. f and stronger. After aft it was h)S right toyqww,. It was best to tell Mm. ^ . , , . f'Fa0ie?,' I said, 'I 'nave ^spmetniig to- Jsay to you. It is someaflag wbich I tliihfe sm ought to know,** -? ; . - He looked away fkim vacancy into 'my face. Something in. my manner seemed to attract him. 'He frowned, and .answered me sharply. 'What is it, child? Only mind that it is not a question:*' 'It is not a question,1' I said. 'It is some thing that 1 want . to tell you: Perhaps I ought to hare told you.v ijefore. ':. One- after- noon last week I was at, Lady Naselton's for tea. I met a man there— half a foreigner he seemed to me. He had lately returned from South America. . His name was Berden etein.' ? ' . He heard me in perfect /silence. .. He did. not utter a single exclamation. Only I saw his head sink, and a curious marble rigidity settle down upon his features, chasing away all expression. ? In the' silence which' follow ed before I spoke again I could hear his breathing sharp and low, almost like the panting of an animal in pain. 'Don't think that I nave been spying on you, father,' I begged. ''It all came about so naturally. I gave you your letters the niorn^ ing. that you went away, -and! could not help seeing that one of them was from South Ameriea. On the envelops was written: 'In London about the 15th.' Well, as you left for London at once, I considered that you : went ? to meet that person, whoever it was. Then at Lady Naselton's this man stared at me so, and he told me that 'he came from j South America. Some instinct seemed to i suggest to me that this was the niari who had written that letter. I talked to him for awhile, and I was sure of it.' Then my father spoke. He was like a man who had received a stroke. His voice seemed to come from a great distance. His ryes were fixed upon that break in the trees on the distant hillside beyond which was Naselton Hall. 'So near,' he said, softly — 'so very near! How did he come here? Was it chance?' 'He was good to Lady Naselton's eon abroad,' I answered. 'He is very rich, they say.' 'Ay, ay!' My father nodded his head slowly. His manner was becoming more natural. Yet there was a look of deadly earnest in bis white, set face. To look at him made* me almost shudder. Something in his expression was like a premonition of the tragedy to come. 'We shall meet soon, then,' he said, thoughtfully. 'It may be to-morrow. It may be'to-day. Kate, your eyes, a re younger than miue. Is that a man coming along the road there ?-^-down in the hollow on the other i side of the turn. Do you see?' I stood un by his side. There -was a figure in sight, but as yet a long way off. 'It is a man,'' I said. 'He is coming to^ wards us.' *? We stood there side by side for several minutes. My father was leaning upon my shoulder. The . clutch of his fingers seemed to burn their way through my dress into my flesh. It was as though they were tipped with fire. He did not move or speak. He kept his eyes steadfastly fixed upon the bend of the road. Suddenly a slight change flash ed into his face. He leaned forward; r his upper lip quivered; he shaded his eyes with his hand. I followed his rapt gaze, and in the middle of the dusty white road I could see the man now. Well -within sight, I watched him draw nearer and nearer. His car riage was buoyant and un-English, and he carried a cane, with which he snapped off the heads of the thistles growing by the hedge-side. He seemed, to be whistling soft ly to himself, showing all the while those rows of white glistening teeth unpleasantly prominent against the yellowish tinge of his cheeks. From the first I had scarcely doubt ed that this was the man of whom we had been talking. The coincidence of his coming never even struck me. It seemed at the time to be a perfectly natural thing. He came to within a yard or two of us be fore he appeared to recognise me. Then he took off his hat and made me a sweeping bow. In the middle of it he encountered my father's steady, gaze. His hat slipped from his fingers— he stood like a man turned to stone. His black eyes were full of horror; he looked at my father as a man would look at one risen from the dead. And my father returned his gaze with a faint, curious smile parting his thin lips. 'Welcome to England once more, Stephen,' my father said, grimly. 'You were about to address my daughter. Have you lost your way?' The man opened his lips twice before he spoke. I could almost fancy that his teeth were chattering. His voice was very .low and husky. 'I was going to ask the way to Deville Court,' he said. All .the time his eyes never left my father's face. For some reason or other they were full of wonder; my father's presence seemed to terrify him. 'The way to Deville Court?' my father re peated. 'I am returning in that 4irection I will show it to you myself. . There are several turns before you get on the straight road.' My father descended the bank into tiie road. The stranger muttered something, in audible, which my father ignored. 'We had bettef.start,' he said, calmly. 'It is rather a long way.' The man whom my father had called Ste^ phen hesitated and drew back. , * 'The young lady,*' he suggested, faintly-^ 'she will come with us.' . *v ? 'The young lady , has an engagement in another direction,' he said, with his eyes fixed on me. 'I want you, Kate, to call upon Mr. Charlsworth, and tell him to be sure to be at church to-night. You can teU him why it is important' \ . , There was a ring in my lather's tone, and a light in the glance whiqh he flashed upon ine which forbade any idea of remonstrance. Yet at the thought of leaving those two men together a cold chill eeemefi to pass, through all my veins. Something seemed' to tell me that this was no ordinary ineeting. Tiie man Berdenstein's look of terror as he had recognised my father was -unmistakable. Even now he was afraid to. go witb Mm. ' Yet 1 was powerless, t dared not disobey. Already the two men were walking side by Bide. I ?was left alone, and the farmhouse to which, my father had bidden me go lay in altogether a different direction. I stood; and watched them pass along the lane together. Then 1 Went on my errand. There was nothing else I could do. * ? ? ? * ' ? ?* ?,.'?? I reached home in about an liour. Alice met me at the door. 'Has father come in yet?' I asked her, quickly. She nodded, 'About five somites ago. The walk seemed to have done him good,' «he nodded. uHe. was , quite cheerful, and had a wonderful color. Way, Kate! what have yop been do ing to yourself? You are as white as a 'ghost.' 'He was alone, I suppose?' I asked, ignor ing the question. 'Alone! Of coarse he. was alone. Come in and hare some tea. at puce. Y-Hr look tired out' |i^^gS^p^Ega3R,-IX. -. VV :^f$ ^|?£|^'^s6me/^Sn|ai^t^or:;:obier .the newflpjlajj? ;«p|?ea'(a ilife -*heVj)31i≥,'; and. such a jepBgH^ar; ?^o^'-1^.^'^i^iiey«aii'-seen'' filled our :' jituei r^^c^!||fhgi^ljefpe the usual 'time. ln; a; flarkr cqrher-I saw, to iny surpr'se, Bruce iP^iUeieanTng against a pillar With *pia# arms, and oh^my way to -my pew. I passea Adelaide ?' J^jrtress seated, in a chair ; in Ji^e fla^e.' ^Neither of ^ these 'two had I eVjerife&a; % church before, and what had brought ti^em Mherfe *ii that particular evening I never clear ly vnae'rstood. , It* was. a little irony of fate ?^one »f those impulses which it is hard to believfe are altogether coincidences. ;The Bishop came early,, and sat by JLady ftaselton.'s ade, the centre of all eyes. I looked away from him to the chanceL I W^s strangely ? nervous. It was still dimly lit,: although the bells had ceased to ring. There was only a moment's pause,- liowever,' then the little space was filled with white-robed figures, and my sister's voluntary, unduly proldligga in this instance, died away in a few soft chords. -I drew a long breath of re lief. ./Everything was going as usual. Per haps, after all, this night might be a fatefub one to us. . ' / ' , I watched the. Bishop's face from the first I saw him glance up as if in surprise at my father's rich, musical voice, which woke the echoes of the dark: little church with the firsit Words of the service.* At the singing, which was always wretched, he frowned, and, catch ing a . sideway glance from Lady Naselton, smiled somewhat Studying him through half -closed eyelids, I decided that country ser vices in the abstract did not attract him, and, that he was a little bored. It was only when my father stood up in the pulpit and looked around him in that mo ment or two of hushed suspense which pre cedes the giving out of the text, that the lines of his face relaxed, and he settled him self down with an air of interest. For me it was a terribly anxious moment I knew my father's state of health, and I re j menibered the few weary and pointless words which had gone to make his morning sermon. Contrary to his usual custom, he stoad there I without any notes of. any sort L scarcely j dared to hope that he would be able -to do himself justice. Yet. the first words of bis text had scarcely left his lips when some premonition of what was ! to come sent a strange thrill through all my nerves. 'The wages of s|n is death.' No words could give any idea of the marvellous yet altogether ef fortless solemnity with which these words passed from my father's lips. Scarcely utterr ed above a whisper, they yet penetrated to the. utmost corners of the little church. Was it really intense earnestness or a wonderful knowledge and appreciation of true dramatic effect which made him close the book with a slow movement of his forefinger, and stand ud there- amongst tile deep shadows as pale as the surplice which hung around his pale form? Yet when he spoke his voice did not tremble or falter. His words, tense with life, all vibrating with hidden fire, penetrated easily to the furthest and darkest corner of the building. (To be- continued.) 