Sermon. Walking- in the Light. .'By the "Late Bev.-C. H. SrvxtoEosr. But if we walk iu the light, m He is~ln the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanseth us from pin.—John i. 7. . • t ■ The first thing that strikes me is the great ness of everything in the text. In some places everything is little; you' talk with some men—their thoughts, .their ideas, are all little. See to what a magnificent scale every thing is drawn in our text!. Tbink,_ beloved, how great the sin of God's people is! Will you try and get that thought into your minds: how great is your own sin ? Yoor sin before conversion—think that over; your sin while seeking the Lord, in putting confidence in your own works and looking alter refuges of lies. Your sins since conversion—turn them over. Beloved, one sin towers up like an Alp, but we have many sins heaped upon each other. • Then observe the great ness of the atonement offered.. - Will you - inwardly digest those words, "the blood of Jesus Christ His Son?" Blood is at all times precious, but this is no blood of mere man; it is the blood of an innocent ma —better still, it is the blood of man in union with Deity. " His Son!" God's Son! Why, angels cast their crowns before Him! All the choral symphonies of Heaven surround His glorious throne! " God over all, blessed forever. Amen." And yet He yields His i blood; takes upon himself the form of a ser vant, and then is scourged and pierced, bruised and torn, and at- last slain; for nothing but the blood of Deity could make atonement for human sin. It must be no man merely; "it inust be the' God-man mediator, the fellow of Jehovah, co-equal and co eternal'with Hint who must bear the pangs and bitterness. of Divine wrath which was due to sin. Think of this—a sacrifice truly, which no human mind can ever .properly estimate in the infinity of its value. . Here indeed we have greatness—great sin, but a great .atonement. -.Think ! again ; wo havo here great love which provideth such a sacrifice. ! Oh, how He must have loved to have descended from Heaven to earth, and .from, earth to the., grave. How he must have loved to~ have chosen us when we were hating Hira—when we were enemies! He hath reconciled unto God by His own death. Dead in trespasses and sins, corrupt, ^ wrapped up i the ceremonies of evil habits, hateful and hating one another, full of sin and every abomination, jet He loved us so as to yield up His soul unto death for us. We are deal ing with great things here iudced, and we must not forget the greatness of the influence which such an atonement, the result of such love, must have upon the Christian's heart. Ob, the greatness of the peace which passetii all understanding, .which flows from this great atonement! Ye are citizens enjoying no mean privilege, O ye blood-bought citizens of a blood- bought city. God has loved you: God has loved you, and to prove His love He has diqd in the person of man for you. He loves you, and has overcome the dread result of all your fearful sin : and now, by the love which Cod* has manifested, we do pray you let your holiness, yonr truthfulness, and your zeal prove that you understand the greatness of these things. The next thing which sparkles in the text isitssimple solitariness: '"Wehave fellowship one with anotherand then it is added as a gloriously simple statement, t4 The blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanseth ns from ail sin.'-' . Observe, here is nothing said about rites and ceremonies. Nothing is here said about sacraments—what some call "the blessed Eucharist" is not dragged in here ; nothing about eating bread and - drinking •wine'; it is the blood, nothing but the blood —"the blood of Jeans Christ His Son." It was well done'by u poor woman who, as she lay sick, heard for the first time the precious gospel of her salvation. She was. told that the blood alone cleansed from sin; she believed, and then, pntting her band into her bosom, she took out a little crucifix which she had always worn, hanging from a chain abont her neck, and said to the preacher, " Then, I don't want this, sir." Ah, truly so; and so may we say of everything that man has devised as a consolation ' to a poor wounded- spirit. • " I have found Jesus, and I do not want that, sir." You who want it, keep it; but us for us, if we-walk in the likht, as He is in the light, the blood of Jesus Christ His Son so completely purgetli us from all tin that we dare not look to any thing else, lest we come into the bondage of the beggarly elements of this world. "The dying thief looked to Christ, and • sin was taken ■ away by the blood.' Another brilliant flushes , in the light—namely, the completeness of the cleansing. 4' The blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanseth us from ail'rin"—not from some sin, but "from all sin." -Beloved, I cannot tell you the exceeding sweetness of .this word, fcne I pray God the Holy Ghost to give you a taste of it. There is original sin, by winch we fell in Adam*before we were born, and inherited ain, through which we were born in sin mud shapen in iniquity; there is actual sin—the wn of mr youth and my former transgressions, ilie sins of my riper years, the sins which' defile the libary head and make that which should be a crown, of glory to.be a crown of grief; but all these sins, original and actual, are all gone! all gone ! Pharaoh's chariot is drowned iri the Bed Sea. and the meauest Egyptian i* drowned in the self-same way. The depths have covered them; there is not one of them left. "Whether the bill be little or the hilt be great, the same receipt can discharge one as.the. other. The blood of Jesus Christ is as ' ble«K?d,'and, divine a pay ment for the ain of blaspheming Peter as it is for tho sinof loving John, and our iniquity is gone, all gone at once, and aH gone for over. Blessed completeness ! One of the gems" that stud the text as the thought of "presentness. "Cleanseth,". says the text—not "shall cleanse." There arc multitudes who think that as a dyinghope they may look forward to pardon, and perhaps withiu a few hours of their .dissolution *they'may he able to"'say, "My sins are pardoned." Such can never have read God's word, or, if. they have read it, they have' read" it with unbeliev ing eyes. I would not givo the snap of ray finger.for,the bare possibility of cleansing njhen I come toi die. Oh how infinitely better to have cleansing how ! Some imagine that •nse of pardon is an attainment after many years of Christian experience. For a young Christian to say, "My sins are forgiven," seems to them to be an untimely fig, ripe too soon ; but, beloved, it is not so. The moment a sinner trusts Jesus, that sinner is as fully forgiven as he will be when the light of the glory of God shall shine upon his resurrection countenance. Beloved, forgiveness of sin is a present thing—a privilege for this day, a joy for this very hour; and whosoever walks in the light as God is in the light has fellow ship with God and has the perfect pardoa of sin. The text presents to us very blessedly the thought of certainty. It is not "perhaps the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses from sin " ; tho text speaks of it as a fact not to be dis puted. To tho believer this is matter of cer tainty, for the Spirit of God beareth witness with "our spirits that we are born of God. Our spirit, in the joy and peace which it receives through believing, becomes assured of its being cleansed,- and then the Spirit of God comes in as a second witness and bears wit ness with our spirit that we are born of God. My being cleansed from all sin to-day is to me as much a matter of consciousness as my being better in health. I was conscious' of pain when I lay on my sick-bed; and so, when I was living in ' sin, soon as God gave me spiritual lifo 'I > conscious that guilt lay heavily upon me. am couscious now of pain removed,' and so I am equally conscious of siu removed, and I do not hesitate to say it here, that my con sciousness of pardoned sin is at this moment as clear and as distinct as ray consciousness of removed pain, while I look at Jesus Christ niy Lord by faith. So is it often with the Christian. * It is frequently with him a matter of consciousness most positive. and infallible that he is truly and really cleansed from all sin by the "blood of Jesus Christ; and it is not merely a matter of conscious ness, but, if you think of it, it is a matter of reasoning. If Jesus, Christ did indeed take the sins of all who believe, then it follows necessarily that I, trusting in Christ, have 110 longer any sin, for if Christ took my rim'sin cannot be in two places at once. If Christ bears it, then I do not bear it; and if Christ was punished for it, then the punishment of my rin has been endured, and I cannot be punished for the sin for which Jesus has been punished. Jf Jesus Christ has paid the debt, • " Justice can demand no more: . Christ has paid the dreadfnl'score." Yet more, he is so certain of it that it I begins to operate upon him in blessed effect. Ho is so sure that there is no sin laid to his | door that he draws nearer*to God than shiner may do defiled with sin. He enters into that which is within the veil; he talks with God as his Father; he claims familiar intercourse with the Host High God; and though God be so great that the heaven of heavens, cannot contain Him, yet he believes that that same God lives in his heart as temple. Now; this he could not feel if he did not know that.rin Is put away. *' Beloved, no man, is capable of vinuo • in the highest sense of the term till it is a matter of certainty* • to him that his sin ' is cleansed. You say, "That is a strong assertion," but I do assert it—all of you who 'arc doing goodworkswith the view to saving yourselves are missing the 'mark of pure virtue. You. say, "Why?" The goodness of an action depends' upon its' motive; your motive is to save yourselves^ that is selfish ; your action is selfish, and the virtue of it has evaporated. But the Chris tian, when he performs good'works, does not perform thera with any view whatever of merit or self salvation. I am saved," saith he—"perfectly saved. I bare .not a sin in God's boot against rae—-I am' clean. Great Godj before "Thy bar I am clean through Jesus Chnst. • " Loved of my God, for Him again With Jove intense I burn. \ What can I do to prove to all mankind how much, how truly I love my God ?" • You see, then, that this must be a matter of certainty, or else it will never have its right effect upon you; and I pray God that you .may suck the certainty out of this text and taste its sweet ness to your own soul's bliss, and be able to say, "Yes, without^ doubt, the blood of Je*us Christ His Son cleanseth us from all sin. ... A few words upon another " gem which adonis the text—namely, the dirinity of it. "Where?" saith one. Does uot divinity gleam in this text? Does it not strike you that the verso is written in a God like style? The God-like style is very peculiar. You can tell the '' style of Milton from the style of "Wordsworth or the style cf Byron. Read a verse, and an educated person knows the'author by the ring of the sentences. Tho God-like style is unique in its excellence. You need never put the name at the bottom when the writing is of the Lord. You know it by the very style of it. "Light be! Light was." - Who speaks like that but Deity ? Now, there is a Divine ring about this sentence. "The blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanseth from, alhein."-* WKy, if .mun vfere talking*, of so. great an atonement, he would fetch a corn pass; he would have to go round about. We cannot afford to say such groat things as these in a few words; we must adopt some form of speech that will allow us to extol the truth anf indicate its beauties. God scorns to put away His pearls air if they were but common pebbles. ".Tho blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanscth'us from all sin "—as if it were as much a matter of everyday work as for a man to wash his hands. Notice' tho simplicity of the whole process. It does not seem to take weeks or months—it is done nt once. Slowly and by degrees is man's action—we must-lay the thing .to soak, to fetch'thB colour from it, subject it to many processes, and expose it to the wind,' and rain, and frost, and sun, before it can be cleansed.' But hero God speaks, and it is done. The blood comes into contact with tho guilty conscience, and ifc .is all over with sin. As if it were bat'a handful W ountain of sin ; He tateth nn S; ; moves a mountain of a in ; He taketh np a isles as a ,Wry little thing; He coil ' great oceans' of bur sin as thte ' they, were but a drop of a buclet.. J? ■ lieving in Christ, in a moment, by\ll,' Divine and majestic process which. God bj! ordained j we net the perfect elcanaing ot t But before ever the sinner can receive pariS ho roust say, "I will arisS and go natom. ■Tathor-" and ha mil at. mima nV.,n_ 1 Father and he must come closer into con tact .with God than ho over earad before.' Ha ' mast sec God in the flesh of Christ, andoW look to Hira-ifbe would be saved. . I pray God the HnlyGhoat to bring yon tj see the light of the glory of God in the face' of Jesus Christ-; then will you trust Hia. arid then shall you have fellowship with hX and by His blood you shall bs cleansed from all sin. God bless you, for Jesus'sake. Amen. 