TOWN TALK Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest, will be.found ob the first page of the paper. The export trade in produce from this port promises to be up to the average briskness this week, and the steamers Gabo and Nemesis, owned respectively by Messrs W. Howard Smith and Sons and Messrs Huddart, Parker and Co., will call here in the course of a day or two to receive chaff and other lines of produce for Sydney and other inter colonial ports. The movement initiated by the Geelong Chamber of Commerce to establish the penny postage system in respect of letters for delivery where posted, has been warmly taken up in different parts of the colony, and the chamber wore yesterday apprised by Mr H. B. Higgins, M.L.A., of his intention to bring up the question in connectiou wilh the discussion of the postal estimates. i The construction of a second break water near the entrance to Reedy Lake appears to be a matter of serious moment to the river industries located below that already in existence. Daring the last season the river water was rendered unfit for manufactory purposes through the ascent of the salt water, which had never previously risen above the lake entrauce. At the meeting of the Public "Works committee of the Town Council held last evening, Cr "Wilton strongly advocated the construction of a second breakwater, not only in the interests of the manufacturers," but as a means of husbanding the water supply for -domestic purposes, which is reported to be very low. Owing to the unsuitability of the river water at Mar shalltown the manufacturers there were compelled to draw largely upon, the mains, and should the supply he unequal to the emergency in the ensuing summer a large number of meu might be thrown out of employment. Cr Mealrin concurred in these views, but action was deferred pending the receipt of an official com munication from the South Barwon shire council in respect to the matter. la the racing club we bave,now a local institution that is very much' alive, and the fact tbat tbe stewards have succeeded in inducing " Tattersall" ; to undertake the promotion of a monster consultation upon the Geelong Cnp will enormously increase the importance of the club's summer meeting. February 1st was the date originally granted by the Y.R.C. for the meeting, but in consenting to get up a sweep, air Adams made it a condition that the races should he held a fortnight earlier. A telegram, was received last evening by the stewards apprising them of the fact that the V.R.C. was agreeable to the change of dates, and the meeting is _to he held on Wednesday, January 18th. The' value - of the cnp has heen increased to £200, and the consultation is to consist of 50,000 subscribers of 5s each. ' The financial position now occu pied by the club is eminently satisfactory, and the office-bearers are to be con gratulated-upon the flourishing state of affairs disclosed in the statement sub mitted by the hon. treasurer last even ing* -I The proceedings in connection with the eighth annual Christian Convention in Geolong were opened last- evening with the customary preparatory prayer meet ing in the Mechanics' Hall, which was largely attended. The earnestness dis played at the opening gathering indica ted that the fervor characteristic of previous conventions is in no wise abated. The proceedings to-day open with a prayer meeting at 7 a.m., followed by a meeting at 10.30. The afternoon session is to commence at 3 o'clock, and that in the evening at 7.30. A special' meeting of the Geolong West council was held last evening for the purpose of adopting the several specifications in connection with the street 'cleansing contracts about to be entered into. The mayor (Cr H. Sargeaut) presided, and Crs Coxon, Dntton,Brown bill, Conway, O'Lougblin and Sayers were also present. The conditions drawn np by the surveyor were read and diss cussed, and after several alterations were made the amended specifications were adopted and tenders ordered to be called, returnable at next meeting of the Public Works committee. An effort by Cr Urownbill to have a clause inserted in the specifications allowing for the pay ment of a minimum wage of Gs per day of eight hours, war, defeated by four votes to three. An unimportant cause list received attention at the police court yesterday by | Messrs G. "W. Patterson, P.M., P. Smyth and H. Sargeant, J's.P., the presiding magistrates. A bibulant was discharged, and an assault case, in which John Hnggett and Thos. Martini were the principals, was dismissed, a cross case of Martini against Hnggett being similarly dealt with. In three debt cases orders were made for £19 7s Id, with £1 costs. A Celestial named Ah Quey, who was only discharged from gaol in the morn • ing, displayed a particular liking for a youth named Arthur Rose, whom he met in High-street, Geelong West, yesterday forenoon, and try as he could the youth could not free himself from the com panionship forced upon him. He endeavored to escape by flight, but Ah Quey proved a good runner despite bis advanced years, and kept Rose in sight. FiucJing all efforts resultless, Rose, ineeklv followed Trc the fSiinnnim, lodged a complaint with Constable Shields, of Geelong West, and Ah Qaey was subsequently lodged in the town lockup on a charge of having behaved in an offensive manner towards Rose. The informant stated that prior to his meeting the Chinaman yesterday, ho had never come in contact with him in any way. Beth Houses of Parliament will meet to day. In the Legislative Council tho Drain age Bill wili be dealt with in its final stages, I and so also will the Life Assurance Com- | panics' Amendment Bill. The Electric Light and Power Act Amendment Bill is set down for lis second reading, and also the Marriage Law Further Amendment Bill. In the Assembly the bill authorising the carry ing out of the financial, railway, and public works proposals of the Government, outlined by the Premier in the Budget statement, will be considered. The financial measures, allowing the consolidation of oar inscribed stock in the English market, tho issue of three per cent, stock in the Melbourne mar ket, and the formation of redemption funds will probably ho soon disposed of, as the average member is generally inclined to abstain from the discussion of such intricate subjects. There will, however, ho consider? ] able discussion on the Railway and Public Works Loan Application Bill, us it contains a number of debatable proposals. One of the financial bills introduced in the Assembly, and listed for to-day, legalises the advances made to certain municipalities to repair damages to their bridges, culverts, fences, etc., by the disastrous bush fires of last snmmer, and to assist in tho constructiou of water tanks in the mallee. These advances arc to be repaid at the rate of at least 4 per cent, per annum, and the balance unpaid will bo subject to interest at 5 per cent, per annum ; any repayment and interest overdue is to be deducted from the municipal subsidy or other municipal revenue in the hands of the Treasurer. Councils may, if necessary, levy a water rato not exceeding 2s Gd in the £1 to provide for their repayments. The total advance authorised under this act is £40,000, but the amonnt actually allotted for which authority is required is £25,855. This assistance has been distributed as follows:— Repairing damages caused by hush fires : Alberton, £1056; Berwick, £59; Buln Bnln, £426; Colac, £127 ; Heytcsburv, £133 ; Lillydale, £50; Mirboo, £468 : Morweli, £300: Karracan, £562; Orbost, £117; Pbiliip Island, £127 ; Poowong and Jectho, £1297 ; South Gippsland, £1709 : Traralgon, £90 ; Upper .Yarra, £64 ; Warragul, £337 ; Woorayl, £933. Total, £7855. To assist in constructing mallee tanks : Birchip, £3000 : Borung, £2000, Castle Donnington, £2900 ; Dimboola, £2000: Ivarkarooc, £5000 ; Swan Hill, £2000 : Wycheproof, £2000. Total, £18.000. A Bendigo message to the " Argus" says: The ghost scare continues. About two o'clock on Saturday morning a constable on duty in View-street was called by a tramway employe, who said that while on his way home past the upper reserve an apparition in white appeared, and stared at hiin OTer the hedgo. He had a revolver in his pocket, hut was too frightened to use it. The constable and a companion searched the reserve, but could find no one, though, on examination, on a sent near the fence at the place where the figure was alleged to have been seen fresh muddy footprints were found." It is the intention of the Mines department when the necessary money is voted by Par liament to again bore for alluvial leads in different parts of Victoria. Where bores have been put down in the past, it is be lieved that in some instances the wash was missed, either from the bores being at too wide intervals, or being parallel with the gutter, owing to its course having been un expectedly diverted. It. is intended to give these places another trial. "There are some curious names in Aus tralia," says the "Sydney Morning Herald," "and local preferences in these matters often give trouble to the railway authorities. Wo have not yet reached the unconventional free dom of Queensland, where three successive railway stations were named 'Alpha,' 'Beta,' and 'Jericho.' South Australia is famous for its railway station named ' Euralie,' usually pronounced as if the name ended with the letters ' ar.' New Zealand has two settlements named ' Jerusalem ' and ' Babylon.' In this colony we have • How long'and 'Nevertire,' and now the title of •Waitawhile' for a station on the railway from Berrigan to Pinley has received official approval. The Railway Commissioners were loth to adopt snch a droll name for a station, hut the placo has been well known in the district for many years under this title, and the commissioners have decided to accede to the wishes of the local residents by retaining the name. Passengers on tho line who arc strangers to the district will therefore bo sur prised on arrival at this station to hear the guard exclaiming ' Waitawhile, Wait awhile 1"' The '.' Daiiy Mail" correspondent at Hong Kong gives some most interesting gossip as to the positions occupied respectively by the American, German and English naval com manders at Manila, just prior to the peace arrangement. Admiral Dietrichs, the Ger man is reported to have interviewed Captain Chichester, of H.M.S. Immortalite, as to what he would do if tho Germans interfered with the bombardment of Manila. Captain Chichester replied that only Admiral Dewey and himself knew that. Nothing could be better, for it clearly indicates that our ships have had orders to act on the maxim sacred to the British and American navies :—"Blood is thicker than water." "There is," re marks the " Spectator," " something very naive in the German admiral imagining that we should allow him to hnlly Admiral Dewey, thonsrli as far us that goes there is no reason to think that the American sailors wonld want any one's help if it came to, fighting the Germans." | Mr W. P. Carr announces a clearing sale for Wednesday, 14th. inst,, at 2 o'clock, on the premises, Ann-street, Geelong West, , of cot tage and land, also horses, drays, "buggy, har ness, household furniture and effects, by order of Sirs Brownrigg. -who is leaving the town. The treasurer of the Geelong "Try" Boys' Brigade, gratefully acknowledges the receipt of £1 Is from Mr L. S. Lindon, Church of Eng» land Grammar School. The weekly meeting of the St. Peter's section of the All Saints Church. Union was held in St. Peter's on Thursday evening last. Vice presi dent Mr F. Shrimpton 'occupied the chair. After the routine business had been dispensed , with the syllabus item, being an elocutionary I competition, was proceeded with; the judge, Mr E, H, Cotton, awarded 1st prize to W. Walker, and 2nd to Rinuie Alder. Boring the course of his remarks the judge announced that it was his intention to give a prize for the nest competition; second and third prizes were also offered by other members. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr Cotton for his kindness. . Messrs Hendy, Lcary and Co. desiro ns to draw attention to the list of properties adver tised by them in this day's issue. Messrs A. J. Young and Co. will sell furni ture and effects in the rooms nft 9. nVir>nt day; and at 5 o'clock to-morrow, good w.h. i villa, on the premises, M'Killop- street, near Latrote-terrace. ■ 1 We have received a copy of the " 'Williams' Dictionary "—a 48-pagc booklet. It comprises over 10,000 words, compiled from Johnson, Webster and Worcester, the standard dicb'onarv makers of onr language. The Dr Williams' Medicine Company are the publishers, and the little work, though employed an as advertising medium, is all that it is represented to be. It j bears evidence to the enterprise of the propnc- I tors of Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People, ' Over 600,000 copies have been already distri- ' buted. Additional copies may be obt lined by forwarding 2d in stamps to thoDr Williams' Medicine Company, Sydney. 