Commercial Report. The following cattle have been sold, with others, in Sydney : 69 bullocks, W. Onus, Uralla, averaging £5 13s lid. 72 bullocks from Breeza aver aged £6 15s Id. At the Sydney hide sales Messrs Fen wick and Co. offered a hide the property of Mr. W. H. Ashton, Pad- dington, weighing 951 lis gross weight, and sold it at 121d per lb to Mr. A. E. Cornell, who is acting for Mr. John Hunter, the well-known boot manu facturer. The price realised for this hide was £1 1 2s 8-J, after allowing the usual tare. Messrs Fenwick and Go. obtained a similar price for several hides during tlis year 1S7G, but this is the highest price realised during the last 22 years, says the " Stuck and Station Journal." The Sydney Wool Selling Brokers' Association report as follows : — Wool : During the week 28,575 bales were offered in the Sydney market and the sales at auction and privately amoun ted to 27,032 bales. The market has hardened and an advance of a full Jd per lb has been established on all des criptions except low crossbred and faulty scoured pieces, which have been soriiewhat neglected. Messrs. Pitt Son and Badgery, Ltd., brought forward a catalogue of 1425 bales, amongst which was EV over Mungyer, 59 bales at 8|;1, same mark, 119 bales at Sid, and 110 over Mo go Mogo fleece at 9d. The Aberdeen Meat Works belong to the Australian Chilling and Freez ing Company, Limited. Head office, 15 Dowgatc Hill, London. They haven't a shareholder in Australia. There's no bleeding philanthropy about this company. They don't advertise " To assist, not to crush." They don't belong to the exquisite category of "Christian Gentlemen," who only live to succour distressed Australians; They are shrewd Johnnie Bulls, who believe in our country, and sent out to start business Itoro. They started the works at Aberdeen in 1891, and they've lived through the bank crash and the drought, and they're paying a 7 per cent, dividend, and more power to them. They employ over 200 men all the time. They pay our railways about £30,000 a year, and they -are better to us than all the philanthropists that ever cursed Australia. It was recently stated that the Dean of St. Paul's had no intention of sur rendering the gold communion service presented by Mr. E. T. lloolcy to the Cathedral on the occasion of the Queen's Record Reign festivities. The C 1the.dr.1l authorities have now paid to the official receiver the value of the plate. The donors of the sum are anonymous. A ghost has for some time been creating a scare at Corrington, near Perth (W.A). The other night a number of red-louts waylaid the ghost, and bailed him up with a revolver. The ghost, which was arrayel in a white sheet with eyelet holes, and decorated with led paint, etc., sur- ' rendered, lie received a sound thrash ing, and was then liberated. " And he hasn't been very well since ! " Osiee when dining out, Theodore, Hook, before the entertainment came off, provided himself with several bright farthings from the mint, and when proceeding after the festivities 1 to his carriage lie di covered several servants awaiting iii:u in the hall, he 1 slipped a coin into the hand of one of I them. The man glanced at it, noticed i the size, and bowed low in thanks, j under the impression that he was a 1 sovereign richer, while Theodore, dis pensing largess of a like nature to the other .servants, went on his way re joicing. As lie sLcppcd into his car riage, one of the footmen, who had discovered the real value of the pour- b.iire, ran out, saying : " Sir, I think yon have made a mistake !" " Nut at all, my good man," replied the humo rist, with a gracious wave of the hand, " 1 never give less. Coachman, drive 011." Murray Prior, the well- to-do Sfduey resident, v in abducted Jessie Mac- lonald, a girl 1G years of ago, and who gut three years penal servitude, up pealed against his sentence in vain. Labour ' mcnibtrs promise to oppose the tea lax. j 