{lews. During ihe past week many men have left for tlie Broad Arrow and Vosperton new finds, and things generally are not so brisk as thev have been. Should, however, this new treatment of the pug be successfill new life will be given to the plate. Who is that little man with a glass eye who toots down Larkin- street as if the whole of Kanowna belongs to him ? Councillor Doollette undoubtedly knows him. Ex-Mayor L jwes has acted wisely in not putting up /or the Mayorship, as he would not have a ghost of a show against such a white man as Tom Doyle, who has d<m<\- irore for Kanowna than am' other man—not forgetting what Kanowna has done for him. The town assumes quite a lively aspect, compared to a few days since, due entirely to the new alluvial find, which ever}' one hopes will turn out trumps. The many friends of Paddy Hughes, of Ivanhoe Venture fame, will be pleased to learn his prospects of doing well here are great, as his claim is well-situated. Uo one will begrudge Paddy success. He is just as cheerful as ever, notwithstanding the martyrdom received at the hands of the Forrest Government. Perthites, as well as those resident, here, will be pleased to learn of Miss Ward's recovery from the recent vehicle accident. Those who wish to visit the Exchange Hotel can see her ever smiling face once more. Everyone -sympathises with Mrs. Keane, of the Palace Hotel, Paddington, on her loss. On ih>- 11th inst. some unprincipled scoundrel, or scoundrels, abstracted jQyo from her safe. The council acted wisely in not withdrawing 1 their support from the local rag. It is no use biting off one's nose to spite the face, though we admit the provocation received was not justifiable, and hirelings should be made to respect their superiors. Is it a fact that Dr. Dean insulted one of our respected tradesmen when the latter called on him one night relative to sudden illness, and that this said doctor refused to come, notwithstanding urgent requests. Whilst the council are to be commended for prosecuting tradesmen •whose goods obstruct the path, it would redound more to their credit if they would give all the inmates of brothels in Isabella-street twenty-four hours' notice to quit. 