FICTION. THE PHANTOM STOCKMAN. (By Guy Bootjiuv.) "A rutnarkably charming situation, nnd as p/otty a homon'citd as any I linv« x en in tho biirii," I said. " You Imvo certainly worked wonders durlug tho short timo you havo been In nosscssiou." It was a moonlight night, and Jim 8plc6r and I wcro silting in tho verandah of Wnrrn. donna Station In Western New South Wales. Ten o'clock hod struck nearly half nn hour before, and, nt a quarter pant, Mrs. Spleer had bidden us " Good night," and had gono of! to bed. On hcanng that I did not feel tired, her husband invited me to bring my pip and grog into tho verandah, where wo could chat about old times without disturbing anybody. I had only arrived that afternoon from Melbourne, and, as we had not met for more than three) ear. it may bo carilr imag ined that we had much to say to each other. Years before wet .ad been 011 8 station together in Qticenriafi'd, had done two ovcrlandiug trips in tho same party, nud had more than once tried oui luck upon the gold fields in partnership. Then he had taken a billet as manager of a big Station iu the Far "\Yet, and I had gone south to Melbouruo to'givo up the bu>h and settle down to the humdrum business I had inherited from my father. My nrpri« may therefore be understood when one morning I received a letter from my old comrade, informing me that he was married and had tafcen a property on i> arTauoona Creek. He brought his letter to a conclusion by tellimr me that if I stood in need of a holiday, and would rare to under take the long journey out to his place, he would not only givo tno u hearty wricoino, but would is? vory thankful for my nsriri/uice in unravelling a mystery which up to the timo of writing ksd baffled him com pletely. What the mystery was ho did not Now, as all tho bush world knows, Warm- doona, despite tho fact that it is on the direct overlanding route to Western Queensland is one of the most unget-at-nblo places on tho face of our great island continent. To begin with you have a400 mile railway journny.thcn conch rido of upwards of '200 moro, which will bring yon to tne township of Yarrnpanyu, a a ttlement of f»ur houses nt the junction of Wnrrndoona Crtiek with tho Salt Bush Hlvor. In the township homed can bo nht-tined, nnd with their a-»»tanne the remainder of tho jotim»y. upwards to 100 miles, may bo accomplished.. At - the best of times it is a tedious undertaking but whon the floods nro out, or oh the other hand, in tho summer season whon thoro in 110 water fit all it becomes a peculiarly dungotnus 0 e. To enmponsnto for then drawbacks, hnwnver, when you do rosch tho station you will rconivo as h -arty a wnlcotno an any to bo o talned iu tho t-usli. 'Tho property it«olf is a large ono, and certainly the best otin in thnt district. The homestead l»a ticil bush build ing cnnxtrurh'il willi wood afid muted wltb shingles, und Isjustcd on every side u broad v-rnnilah. It is built on tho side of a hill and overlooks tho plain' that separates tho higher land from tho river. Away to tho north, where the ranges tro» d iu toward the nreok, there is a utrww pass, through whiuh eomo ail tho ovorlunditig parties bringing outtln from Queniisland to tho nnuth. To the s 'Uthwnrd u dnnsn Mutga scrub noiumomios, and elollios the ivhnlo face of tho liills as fur ns tho nyn can reach. Across tho river and lying sorno 30 milos duo west is Yarku Htntion whore, at the tiino of whleli I wrlie, rosidqd- Jim's iioarcst neighbor, thu Houorablo Mar- mnduko Ohudliold a youug Englishman, who after ho had givon his family ropoutod nppor- tuuitlcs of atiidying tho m»ro frivolous wido of his eharaetor, had boon sliinpod to Australia, waore it was confidently hoped hnrd work and a limited supply of mnuoy would turn him into a staid and rospcntahle colonist. " Yos," said Bniaer. us ho walked to the ruil of tho wruudun. and looked down upon tho moonlit plain, " it is, no von say by m> means u bad sort of placo. Ah I shall show you ta-moriow tho station buUdiogsuroabnvr the average iu point of uom|iluteuusH, tho run is w.-lUholtorod and grassed, tho supply nl water is abundant, ana, as you are a<varo, wo aro »m the direct cattle routo to tho south. Moreover, I luivo got tho pi too for a consider able period on oxonptiuniil tonus." " 1 congratulate you most heartily. Now toll ma tho disadvantages ; for I siipposo there M So far an I havo seen, tlioro la only ono. At tho sAtno tiino, turnover, I must confess that that ono Is quite big uuough to out- wcltfh all tbo advantages put together. Iu p Jut of foot, it wub that very disadvantage that umdo 1110 write to you Inst week and oudeavm- lo imlueo you to pay us n visit." " Now 1 001110 to think of It, X remember in your letter that you did speak of smito mystery that you want d oloureu up. What is it In theso prusuio days mystorios,, save iu min ing matters, 'are fow unu fur butweon. I um nil iinpatlouoo to hear what Hhapo yours us- "Whilol had been speuking, Spicer hud been leaning on tho verandah mil looking down the-hillsido towards the river. Now ho turned, uud, plauing his back against oue of the posts thnt supported tho roof, regnrtled mo steadily for sotuo seconds. " First uud foremost, old inun," he suid, " try to hoar it in mind that I don't want to bo laughed ut. I'vogot so much ut stake that I m us touohy ou tho subjeot -aa nu old man with tho gout. Tho trouble I have to eontcut with is tluit this place Is supposed to bojmuntcd. I know its a silly sort of thing for a mutter of fact follow like myself to say, but still -ho fact remains, uud u ronmrkablo unpleusuut fact iti." 'lho douce it is." I replied. " And pray l1'"110 »uPpo«t-'d to bo luumted ' By u muu on n white lioreo, who rides ubout on the plain down yonder." Is this otuy hearsay, or havo you scon tho appuritiou yourrelfh" "I havo seou him ou throo oceossions," replied Spioor solemnly. "Tho first timo was the week after I arrived on the place, tho second was throo months ugo, and tho lust whh tho very Saturday upon which I wrot- to you. But us if that were not enough we have liocu worrhnl over hiiioo our urrival by tho most dismal noises in the Iiouho it self." " "What sort of noises do you mean h" " all sorts, confound them. Sometimes by u shriek ubout midnight that fetehoa you up in bed with the porspirntion rolling off your faco j somotimos by nionns nnd groana; und Hi-inetimi's but not xo often, byu peculiar noise that is for nil tbo world like a human vnico muffled byu blunkwt, trying 'to say, Save tn , save mo,' tied nut succeeding verv well. As you know, I am u fairly pluoky man. and for that reason I think I might manage to stand it m yself ; but thon I've got someono elso to consider. I havo to think of ray wife. Under ordinary cinuimtanws sho is as pluoky a Hiilo woman as ever made her homo in tho hush, but no woman's nerves would stand tho continual strain that is put upon them bore. You setv t..y work often takes.no out on tho run fbr «hvnt -. timo and I havo to leavo herWone. Femalo scr- vants ' o havo none, not us much even as a solitary black giu When wo came up wo brought a womm with us from Melbouruo 8 week und then pa, d off with tho h«t bullock team thai, tussed this way. 11 .wever, we muuuged, bvoffuring big wages f get nantlaT. ahe«teye«l a month, and then arid she would prefer to go off lo tho tuwmlnp nloue rather than stay \ mint her ntuhl 1 pon tho placo. Wo have ? been h»ro five mo. th- nnd a week, und during I that timo I have hud four meu cocks, titffte I qhi t lUsknsa, eight infetiir ditto; tad IQ | boreo hoy«. Aa for a -trango black, I've not seen one near tho pluco nltico I first m-t foot Upon it. The last timo 1 was staying the uight ut Ohudflo'd's placo acrosH tho river, I t ied to pcrsuu lo ono ho wanted to get rid of to com over nnd kcop my own two boys company. His answer was signifioiint. Baal (no) cine up this fella,' he wild. ' Too inuoh dobbil dobbil ulonga Warrndoona.' Thn long and tho short of tho matter is, old friend, utiles I can managed to put a stop to tills phantom business I shall ben ruined man. Alliny saving urn locked up Iu this placo, and if f don't make it pay, well I must sell and go ha k to Quc'iishiid nnd bo a ser vant agaln'instoHi'. of u muster," " It 8 u nasty position," I wild. " I don't wxmloryou want, to get.it settled. By tho way, how long Iiuh the placo posieased this ainister ro|uitntioii F " Only for tho last tlireo yonrs," ho ao- Rwered. " Is thoro any sort of story to account for Bpicnr was silent for a moinont. " >vor, mere you liavo mn on u tender apot," ho replied. "Though I don't like to own it, I muHt cohfees there is a Htory." " Can you tell it to mo?" " If you think it will help ymi to a solution of tho problem I/diull he glad to do 10. You must umh rstund ilmt ubout threq years ugo u mubof cuttle camped, ucuoriliiig ti custom, upon the plufn down yonJ. r. They woro on their wuy from Queor.shiud to Adelaide, in ohargo of an old drover named Burke, u worlhy old fellow wh -M teen on the road all his llfo. During the evoning u qu»rrel rout botwoon him and his Hwmil in couimatid. From high words they cnino to Wows, and in thn onnouutor the subordinate got tho worst of it. Ho profound to bo satisfied und turned into his blanket apparently sorry for what ho had done. An hour Inter rhc third white man of tho party mounted hi horse nnd went out to watcli the cuttle leaving tho other two, na ho thought, n-Icop. Wli'-n be returned two hours tutor ho found Burke stabbed to the heart und the other man missing. Do you romcmber, when you crossed tho river to-day, noticing a irruvo cuclosed by u white roilingF" Porfectly. I wondered at tho time whoso it cotild he." 'Well, that's where Burko is buried." "Tho nhntitom, then, is supposed to be the ghostot too rnurderc<l ruou ? \Yhnt form doe it litko " It Is thnt of nu old man with a long grey beard. He is dressed all in white, and i mounted on a white hnr.e. who carries h head rather high. Ho holds a stock whip in hi hand, und w.nrxa white felt- hat pulled down over hi- eye. " IIus nobody else seen him ?" " Dozen uf pt'ople. It drove away Jami son, the first owner . f tho place, uud tho ori ginal builder of thi hon», Williums, frtfm Mindauu, camo next. He built tho men's hut away to tho left there, und cleared nut bag and baggage exactly three mouths to u day aft. r ho hud paid hi purchnso money. lie said ho would rather lose ioOOO than stop another night on the place. Muopherson, a long headed Scotchman, a hard ua u tcuponny uoil and about uh crnotionul a u briukbul, came noxt. He paid bis money uud was n»t going to lose it jut btMauso ho heard funny noise nnd suw queer .sights. 'But at tho end of six months ho had changed his tune. mi c 'Utcnt to luse every penny ho possessed in the world provided ho saw uo more of Warrndoouu. Benson folluwod Mucphcrsoii. He got the place dirt cheap, cuttle thrown in und. f.otn what the folks in the town-hip told me, seemed to think ho done a mighty" smart trokeof business. " What hocamo of Benson F" " IIo returticil to tho south without cvon unpacking hi bullock waggons. Ho bus bought a placo in Now Zealand now, I ho- liove. It was from him I purchased tho property." " And tho prlco you paid for it? " Would ho less than a quurtcr of its value but for tho Phautoin 8tooknmn. As it i, I utn upset oii an itvcrngo three uights a week, my wifo i frightomxl out of hor wits ovory time sho goes lo bad ; and with tho exception of my bond stockman, lliitford and two black hoys, lean keep 110 sorvante upon tho place, and in cotisi-qiiunco have to work my atock short handed, which Irt nu impossibility. To put it plainly, either tho Phantom Stockman or I must go. I thought alt this out last week and tlio upshot of my cogitation was' my latter to you. I know from experionco that vou'vo got a cool head, and I havo luul ovidonoos of your pluck, Young Chudfiohl, ray noxt, door neigh hor, the msn who for the "flko of my company, has done hi level heat to persuadn mo to givo tho place 11 further trinl, haaprimuscd tuoomo over nnd givo us a hand, and if wo three onnnot settle tho mystory hat wren in, well I ridnk wn ought to Iks aslnmod of ourselves, that's all." " We'll cortaiidy havo a g.,ud try," I nu- awored. ' I'm not a lu'liover in ghosts my- olf.aud it will go hard with us if wo oan't uiHttngo to diseovor 'of what sort of mittcrial air .troublesomo friond is composed. Ore further question. Doos ho put in ah anpear- ani-o at regular intervals, or 1 ho imlisorituin- uted In his favors?" " As far a ho is personally oo'noorned ho im fairly regular. It ts nb ut the full of tbo moon that ho appears to bo most active, but tint noise iu 1 ho bouso tro'on at ail hours, smnotime two or throo nights iu succeHsion'. Then porhaps thoro will ho a week's silence, fter whiuh wo will hu worried night after night, till wo aro nearly' driven distracted." " It sueniH a most mysterious affair," I said " And T emu quite uuduMtui.d that you nro worried by it." You would say so if you had to livqhoro," ho answered. "It gets 011 your norvos till von feel iacliued to jump away from your own shadow. Now I expect you'ro tired uml would like lo bo off to roost. Help yourself to it nightcap, mi thou wo'll huvoalooka your rooni'togothor." I had leant forward to tho table and taking up tho demijohn containing tho spirit -in point of fact I was iu tlio net of pouring -otiio of its contents into my glass whon from the dark Iiouho behind us thoro oaino a long low moan, follow by a shriek that cut the still night air like tho sharp touting of u alicot ah«i mm. mure was oonipiotosu- 01100, whiuh to my thinking was worao ov- n than tho scream. I sprang to Jny feet, " My God," I orird, " What's that?" But8picor only laughed in a curious way. " You uru hoing introduced to our sup r- naturnl friond," ho replied. » Now you know tho aort of thing we nro boing contiim- nlly called upon to put up with." " But it sounded ao intensely human," I said. And yet now I oomo to thinaofit, thoro was a peculiar innfflod noto ubout it that rntlior upsets my theory. Onn thing, howovor, is quite eortnih ; it oaino from tho Iiouho, and I should say from tho coutro pas- sago." "Yonaroquito right. That'fl whoro wo always hear it. But if you thiuk thoro is anybody hiding there you're mistaken. Oonio and look for yourself." 80 saying he led the way into tho house. I followed him. As ho had said, thoro was uoliody to bo soon. Tho pnsmgo in question was nltnnt 20 feet long and 1 wide. Thoro was a door n t each end aud t wo on either side. It was woll lighted by an oil lamp supported on an Iron bniokot screwed iuto tho wood work. Tho walls woro composed of weather- b mrds, while the floor was covered by a strip of olloloth, which stretched from end to end. Spicer lifted tho lamp from its sookot. aud opiming ouo of tho door on tho loft, led into tho sitting 100m. 'Wo explored it curofully, but thoro was nothing there that could in nuy way uco'mnt for tho' milso wo had hoard. Having gufixficd oursolve outbid point, wo orossed.to-tho room on tho opposite sido of the passngo. This was uiy bodrnnm, and in it, as in. tho other apartment, our search was unrewarded The room next to it was Spicer's office, nnd save a safe, a desk, a small ouplmnrd, a chair and a row of neoount hooks, rmttnined nothing to oxolto our suspicion. AVo passed into tho passage ngaiu, "This room," ho said, pointing to tho door opposite tho office, " is our bedroom." " Minnio," ho cried, "are you awako?" - " Yo." was tbo answer, " and very fright- oned. How long will you bo boforoyou oomo to bod f" " T am coming now," be roplied, Thon, turning to me. ho held out his bund. " Good night," ho said, " ami plensnut droams to you. It ssua a shame to Iptvo brought you up bore only te worry ymi with our troubles." " I am vcijr ghtd, iudoed, that I twuno," I replied. And If I can help yon to soino solu tion of j'our difflcultv I ihall bu sfl 1 m ro glsd." A quatter of an hour la'er I was in bod and aaloop. IftherowaH any further noise that night t did uot hear it. I was tired aft or my long journt.y, nud alopton until long after the sen hud risen noxt morning. Whon I did turnout T.went Into tho uerandah. wh»ro I discovered my hostess. . " Good morning." sho said, as she offered mo her hand. " Jim" has just gone across to thu stockyard, but ho will bo back to breakfast Many pernio might bavet»oen discovered in Au-trriiawho would havo thauked their star tint th.-v w.-re nnt he nmj.rictor of Warrn doona Station, hnt there would havo hocn few who would not hsveenvied S .trcr hi- partner in life She was a prettv brunette, with wonderful brawn oyes, and a »yrapath<itJe, mothejj j way about h:-r that mde overyonb" xmI at horn iu h«r oompsoy, area if thay had never soon her until five toioutca beforo. " I cauuottcll yo low very kind X think you aro," she snid, "to come to our a«it- nnco. You 'can Imagiue what a depressing offoat this piacu has luul upon Jim atmmyholf. We liuvo tried ovurything we can thiuk of to Ivo lho mystery, but witbuat.RUCCC. Now it rottiains to be seen whether you will furo any better than wo havo done." 1 " I am goiug to do my best," I answered, nnd ns I said so, Jim catoo up the stops. " Good morning," ho wiid as lie reached tho veruudah. "I liopo you slept well and that you woro not disturbed by any more nobea." "If there were any to hear they did not wuko mo" I answerod. "I suppose you have not discovered anything that throws any sort of light upon that scream wo heard last night ?' ' " Nothing at all," ho replied, shaking, Ills head. " But to add to tbo discomfort we uro already enduring, our cook ha just in formed ino that h» saw tlio White Horseman on tho plain last night, and iu coagcqttcnno has given ino notice that it i his intention to leave at mid-day. Ho says ho would rather forf-it all hi wages than remain nuotber night." ' Oh, .Thn I nin sorry to hear that," said lite wifo. " Wo shall liuvo great difficulty in getting another. We do indeed soom doomed to misfortuuo." Jlni said nothing but I saw hi mouth hurdenuHhowcutiu tobreakfust. IIipatiunee was well nigh oxliausted, and I xuspcctcd that if tho mystery wcro not solved beforo many day wero over he would follow tin- xamplo. of his prcleee-sors, forfait nil thn money ho had put in.u it, and severe hi conuoction with W«rrado<ina. During tho morning I gave him a hmni with.Home bmnding iu the stockyard, nnd in the afternoon wo went for a ridu aero tlio river, hoping to meet the mob of cattle hi men wero out collecting. We were un successful, however, aod it was <luk when we reached homo ngaiu. By the timo wo had turned our horses looso, aud placed our saddle ou tho racks, the full moon wn firing above the range Indited tho hou«c. On reaching the verandah we lizard voice io the sittiug room. "That's Mnrmmluko Chtidfteld I'll wnger a sovereign." said J m. ' I'm glad he's eomo over, for thmufh he's rather a namby- pamby sort of individual, he's uot bud com pany." A moment later we had entered tho room, nud I was being intioduccd to a tad, lim youth of perhaps cizht and twenty years of age. Hi height uouldnnt havo been much under tt feet 2 ; hi face wo devoid of beard or tnnu-dache. nnd boosted a somowliut vucil on expression, which a siuglc eyo-glotshe wore continually ouly served to intensify. He snoke with a llsn and a drawl, and if mm could judgo by his own confessions scorned to havo no knowledge of any ouo thing In the vvhnlo system of the mdvorso. In loss than fivo minutes conversation I had struck tlio tied rock of hi intelligence, to use.umin- lug phraso, und while 1 had small d iubt of hi good nature was not at all- impressed by hi sagacity. His station. Yarku, was, »o Jim informed mo later, a grand pioporty, and carried a largo number of oattlo. This uo- ces. however, was in no senso duo to Ohud- field' exertion. To quo'o ijis own words, ho " teft everything to hi ovoscor,' a Gcrinuu didn't muddle things up bslioviug his spoke in whoro it wua 110 jolly assistance, don't chcr-know. Cuttle fiirmiug was not oxnntly hi fine, nnd if ho had t» pay a ohap to work wo.l lio'd make him work, whilo ho 1 imsclf sat tiglit nud had n jolly good tirao, with 0 .11- titiuul trip to town and friends up to stay, and all that sort of thing dou't chor-Unow." After dlnnor we sat ill tbo verandah and smoked our pipas until elo-o upon 10 o'clock wlion Mrs. Spicor b:ulo us 44 Good-night," and r< tired to hor room, as on tho proviou- ovouing. After sho had loft us there win u lull in tho conversation. Tho night was porfeojly still, as only nights in tho l>uh con Us ; the mootrwns woll ubovo tho roof, aud in conBcquouru the plain below u whs well nigh ns bright ns day. The only sound to be board wius tho ticking of tho oluok in tlio sit- ting-room bnh'ind us, and tho faint sighing of tlio uight bro zc thiou.h thosnrub timber on tlis hills 'lieliind tho hoiup. And h-ro I must make a digrenion««» I don't thiuk I havo so far explained that in front of thohoiuo there was an unkempt garden about 60 yard long by 20 wido, onolosod by a rough bush fence. Tn an- ridlo sort of way I sat smoking and watching tlio rail nt the bottom. Tho beauty of lho nigh( seemed to oxerciso a oottdng intlgpncn upon tho throo of u. Jim howovor, wis just about to speak whon Chiulflold sprang from hisohatr, nud pointing towards tho fcnco, nt whioli only a moment beforo t hud liectt looking, oried, 4 What's that-F" . . Wo followed tlio direction of hi hand witli our eyes, and ns wo did so lenpt to our feet. Doing but a sorry cenno pniuter I don't knuw oxautiy what word I should employ to ninko vou see what wo saw then. Bcnrorly 60 > nrd from us, Hoatcd upon a white horse, was a tall tnuti, with a hmz beard, dressed altogether in white, oven to his hut ami boots. In his hand ho carried a white stock whip which lie bnlunccd upon his hip. How lie hud managed to eomo so close without! making a sound lo warn us of liis approach was moro tiiau T could understand. But this tuuoh was cor- tain, eoino lio did. Tlio timo, from our first seeing him to tho moment of his wheeling hi harso and riding silently away again, could uot havo been moro than a minute, but nil tlm -mho wo woro able to take perfect stock of bim. 44 Follow me," shouted Jiui, us ha rushed down tho stops und ran towards tho goto at tho bottom of tlio garden. Wo followed nlo. at his heels, but by tho timo wo roaehod the fotioo tho Phantom Stookntan had entirely disappeared. We stared noriHH tho moonlit plain until our eyes ached, hit uotawiguof tlio apparition wo hud seen rewarded us. 44 Time is the third timo ho has been up hero sineo I liuvo had the place." said our host, 44 and oaoli timo ho bus vanished before I oouldgot ol.JHo enough to got a good look at him.' 44 Whut beats mo was the fact that hi horso mado nosouMl," rumuked the Honourable uurinaunao, " anu yet tno grounu is hard ooough horcabouta.'' 44 Wait bore tilt I got a Inutorn," cried Spicor. ' Don't go outride tho foocu, and thou you wou't olultorato any trucks ho may huvumude." So saying ho hastened back to tho house, to roturu iu about five minutes carrying 111 his hand a largo lantern. With its n.sit.umo we o Mofully explored tho ground on tho other side uf the fouco, but to uo purpuso. Thorn whs not >1 rigu of a horso'H hoof to bo scou 44 Well this boats cook fighting," said tho Honourable, as Jim blow-out tho light ami wo turned to walk bauk to tho Iiouno. " Tliis is Hamlet's father's ghost with a vengeance, don't uher know. I'm glad he never takes it' into ids head to pay me a visit at larka I'm afraid in that ease my respected puronts would seo mo in England oooner than would be quite convenient to them." lo thin speech Jim replied novcruwurd, nor did I think his remark worth an answer. Onco iu tho verandah wo soparutcd, bidding each other good-night, Jim tc gy to his own room, tho Honourable to teko possession of tho ofa in tho sitting-room, upon which a bed bud beon made up for him, and,I to my own dormitory. I saw Jim turn down tho lamp iu tho pntisago and hoard him blow it out ns I hut uiy door. Thou I uudressod at d jumped Iuto bed. IIow long I bad boon nsluop Ida not know, but I have the most "vivid remeinbranco of suddenly finding myself witting up iu bed with tho sweat pouring off my face, uud tho echo of surely tho most uwful shriek mortal ninu over hoard rhuiug in my oars. Before I eould roeovor my self-posscssiou it rang out nguiiij'fullowcd this timo by a strange mnaui 'g sound thnt must have continued while 1 ooald have counted 20. Thinking .this hud gono about' far enough I jumped out of bod, opened tho door, and ran iuto tho passage, only to be seized by a pair of arms. U:tmg my right hand I took my nssaitant %) me uiMuit, ium jiim ns x uiu ro aim a ueor opened, and hu eamouut, holding u candlo in his hand. Then It was that I mado tho di. novery that it whh not tho ghost's throat I waHoluto' ing botwoen niy finger uml thumb, but that of tho llonouinblo. 4 44 Confound you two," said Jim angrily, ,4 What mi earth are you up to?" 44 tip to," gupe>l Chudfield. 44 Why, I heard tlio most villunous soroarn just now that I ever heard in iny life, nud camu running out of my room to soo what was tho matter, only to bo collared by tho throat by thischsp." Then turning to mo hu cutitiuucd, in hi usual drawling way, 44 1 beliovo you've half broken my neck, don't ulior kuov"' 44 Bother your neck," I cried shortly, for my dander was tin and Homobodv had got to siiffor for tlio fright I had received. "Jim, did you hear that scream F" . "Worse luck." answered poor Jim. "I wish I could say I hudtt't. Whut tlio douce doosittmuu?" "It means," I ropllod storuly, 44 that if tlioro's u ghost iu this place I'vo got to seo him beforo I'll be sa'teficd. And if it's a trick, wvll, I've got to find tho chap that's playing it or know the reason why. When I do, 111 Jo whm Chudficld bore acvu>e» me of half doing. I'll t-ivnk his neck." " With that I walk d first to the doop »t one end of the pa«age and exHrain.-d k. thou to tho othfr ; after that I tried the dour leadiug into the office. All three were se- curely locked on our side. ".As fur as I can rcmombor thn sound scitmxl to eomo from nhout hero." I uid. jioiuting to the centre of tlio ficir, . ,4 What is uwlornenth these btianls, Jiin?" \ Only solid Mdther Earth," ho roplied. "I hud sorao of tho planks up when I camu into, tbo placo und put now ones down." " Well I'm going to sit up and await fur ther developments," I said. "Do either of you fool inclined to share my vigil? ' 44 1 will do so with p'casifre," said Jim. "And I too if it's necensary," said, tho Honourable, with peculiar oagerncss.-. "I'm not goiug to risk being wakened out uf my sloop by another shriek liko thnt." Jim wentinto his bedroom and said some thing to his wifo. After thatwc dressed nnd tnado ourselves as comfortable us jKissiblo in tlm sitting-room. But though wo remained thcro till daylight wo heard nothing further. As dav dawnod wo returned to our bed to rioop soundly until wo wero nrous«d by Mrs. Spicor nt 8 o'clock.— 44 From Nobel's Hura- burg Dynamite Company." (To bo Continued.) 