literary Cbit CDat. DALEY: THE POET WHO HAS ARRIVED. VICTOR DALEY'S POEMS,* Baffling, elusive, we try in vain to pin and label them, not comparable in so many ways with other' Austral singers—" all made of dreams and dying sunset glows "—such are the metrical gem-songs of the Melbourne man. " Distinctively Australian" does not fit; cosmopolitan, and plaintively captivating, they will live on through the years. A mystic, Daley, and a dreamer, dwelling oft-times on the Borderland, he flings no stone at the Theologian with intent to hurt; reverent and curiously orthodox. We nowhere find him shrieking with Rabelais at the "Great Perhaps." The Land of Fact is of small account, while The Land of Fancy is ever looming large—rich, ripe, and ruddy-colored ; anon tinged with sombre streaks. Dreams, dreams— " Earth seems beseeming, The soul seems but a something dreaming." SAMPLINGS. From " The Cruise of the In Memoriam" : The lights were near; the Sea of Fear, Amid the silence dire, On that dread shore broke evermore In soundless foam of fire. 1 1 Oh, what are yon grey ghosts and wan !" The parson cried, " who seem With colored strings of beads to play, As in a dreadful dream ? " " Damned souls," the First Mate said ; " they sit And count, through endless years, The moments of Eternity On beads of burning tears." From " Years Ago," in Swinburnian rush of words : And grey your eyes as a grey dove's wings were— A grey soft-shadowing deeps profound— Where thoughts that reached to the heart of things were, And love lay dreaming though seeming drowned. Note the gladsomeness, and the effervescing lilt in "A Vision of Youth": A horseman on a hilltop green Drew rein, and wound his horn ; So bright he looked, he might have been The Herald of the Morn. He rode along with rein so free, And, as he rode, the Blue Mysterious Bird of Fantasy Ever before him flew. He rode by cot and castle dim, Through all the greenland gay; Bright eyes through casements glanced at him: He laughed—and rode away. The world with sunshine was aflood, And glad were maid and man, And through his throbbing veins the blood In keen, sweet shudders ran. Now the sunshine is darkened o'er, and in the poet's mind the chilly mists of night descend : That rider with his face aglow With joy of life I see In dreams. Ah, years and years ago He parted ways with me. The loveliest vision the poet presents to us is a "A Sunset Fantasy." The word-painting is rich, voluptuous, and beautiful, with the opening in mellow setting sunlight, and the ending in the peace of afterglow. Two opening verses must suffice : Spellbound by a sweet fantasy At evenglow I stand Beside an opaline strange sea That rings a sunset land. The rich lights fade out one by one, And, like a peony Drowning in wine, the crimson sun Sinks down in that strange sea. "The Old Wife and the New," "Lethe," "Love Laurel" (in memory of Kendall), and "Lachesis" particularly appeal for a sampling, likewise the exquisite " Passion Flower."" Listen to the joyous note in " A-Roving ": On the boles of grey old trees See the flying sunbeams play Mystic, soundless melodies— A fantastic march and gay ; But the young leaves, hear them—hark, How they rustle every one !— And the sap beneath the bark Hearing, leaps to meet the sun. O, the world is wondrous fair When the tide of life's at flood ! There is magic in the air, There is music in the blood And a glamor draws us on •To the Distance, rainbow-spanned, And the road we tread upon Is the road to Fairyland. The scent of flowers is in the nostrils, the morning has gold in its mouth, the poet's mind is aflame as he gazes into the empyrean, and the luscious rippling Sunlight of Springtime is upon him as he writes (" Fragments," p. 88): The flower of fantasy, perfuming With subtle melody of scent The blue aisles of the firmament! For color, music, scent, are one ^ From deeps of air to airless heights, Lo ! how he sweeps, the splendid sun, His burning lyre of many lights ! Now the Pipes of Pan bring forth a plaintive tone ; the mood of the poet is melancholy, approaching middle age looks furtively back to gone-for-ever adolescence with its hot blood and its mad enthusiasms, its glitter and its riot of life : I dreamt—my life is all a dream ! The world is very old and wan— The sun that once so brightly shone Is now as pale as the pale moon. I would that Death came swift and soon; For all my dreams are dead and gone. The world is very old and wan. The black cloud of temporary night happily passes, and the singer looks out hopefully again unto the buoyant dawn: The world is young, the world is strong, But I in dreams have wandered long, God lives. What can Death do to me ? The sun is shining on the sea. Yet shall 1 sing my splendid song— The world is young, the world is strong. This last rings forth in no uncertain voice, and away goes the sampler's memory to the clariontonguea utterance in Browning's " Pippa Passes." You know the lines : The year's at the spring, . And day's at the morn ; God's in His heaven— All's right with the world ! " Literary criticism is man's sulky complaint that he was not invited to the Creation," somewhere says Le Gallienne, therefore we are content to appreciate. Verily, Daley is a poet for the armchair and the fireside. When the toil and the moil of the day are over, and home-content has replaced the carking fret for daily bread, the mind may be steeped to the full in the rich wine of his glamor and his fantasies. And the emotions will be stirred in the recrudescence of long-forgotten memories, and the pulses will quicken —perchance a tear will steal from its hiding place—in the flickering light of a dying fire, who can tell ? But turn the page, and the heart throbs vibrant and responsive to the sunshine which seemingly floods the room. To do the poet justice is to buy his book and revel in it; "At Dawn and Dusk" embraces gem- songs of wondrous metrical vitality. Daley has given us rich meat and we have the gourmet appetite to appreciate it; for no less a literary giant than urbane Edmund Gosse reminds us that the passion for song is one of the organic instincts eternally young in tha heart of man. The Bulletin, which screams violently about its journalistic honesty, in a recent issue printed " Donovan's Niece," some verse that appeared in THE CRITIC many months ago. " Some Fragments of Old Sydney" is the title of a capital brochure from the pen of Mr. W. N. Dewar, the general secretary of the Citizens' Life Assurance co. The matter deals with that portion of old Sydney swept away in the great fire of '90, and as a memento of those old roaring days it is very complete and interesting. • Photo, by Falk, Melbourne. LAURI, as the Vicar oj Bray. 