THT MYSTERIES OF MODERN * MAGIC.' Fat baok in the shadowy past, 'before tb.9 building of the pyramids, magic was a re- puted art in Egypt, for Egypt was the .cradle of magie.' The magicians of Egypt, according to the Bible ohronicle, contended 1 agairiBt Aaron, at the court of Pharoah. '?Rie Hebrew prophet 'cast down his rod 'before Pharoah and botoro hid servants, and it became a serpent. Then Pharoah also called the wise men and the sorcerers : now the magicians of Egypt, they ab-o did in like manner with their enchantments. For they east down every man his rod and they be- came serpents : but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods.' The late Robert Holler, prestidigateur, traveller in thc Orient, and Eoientist, once told the writer, that ho had seen this feat ; .performed in Cairo many times by the Der« . vishea. The rods aotuully were serpenta and were hypnotised to such an extent aa to become perfectly still and rigid. When thrown upon tho earth and recalled to life 'by sunbry mystic passes and strokes, they orawled away alivo and. hideous as ever. Said Kellar :-' lt waswin tho open air that I aaw this strango foat porformed. Trans ' ferred to the gloomy audionce-ohamber of some old palaco, whero tho high roof is sup- ported by pondoroua stono columns painted with hieroglyphics, whero rows of black marble sphinxes »tare at you with un- fathomable eyos, whoro tho 'mise en sceno' is awe-inepiring-this trick of the rods turning ' into serpents bocomoH doubly impressive, and . indeed, to the uninitiated, a true miracle.' In the British Museum is au Egyptian papyrus, whioh contains un account of a magical soanco given by a certain Tuhatoha . em-ankh boforo King Khufu, s.o. 3766. In this manuscript it is statnd of the magioian : -* He hnowoih how to bind on a head whioh hath boon cul; off, he knoweth how to make a lion follow him as if led by a rope, and he knowoth tho numbor of the »tars of the house (constellation) of Troth.' The 'decapitation triok ia thua no new thing, while trio exporimont performed with the lion \- presumably a hypnotio feat - perhaps, shows hypnotism to be old. Tho art of naturul magic, then, dates baok to the remotest periods of antiquity. It waB an art cultivated by the Egyptian, Chaldean, Jewish, Roman, and Grooiau priesthoods, being usod by them to influonoo tho ignorant masses. Weeping1 and blooding statues, temple doors that flew open with thunderous sound and apparently by supernatural means, and perpetual lamps that named forever in the tombs of holy men, were some of the thaumaturgie feats of the Pagan priests. Heron, a Greek mechanician ana mathema- tician, who lived in the second century before our era, wrote several interesting tre/itises on automata and magical appliances used in the anoiont temples. St. Hippoly tus, one of tho Fathers of the early Christian Ohuroh, also described and exposed in his works many of these wonders. ' Magic * is divided, according to old writers on the occult, into 'White magic, Blaok"magic,' and 'Necromancy.' Modern magic, or conjuring, may he divided into five classes, aa follows : 1\. Feats of Dexterity. Tho hands and tongue being tho only means U8»d for the production of those illusions. 2\. Experiments in Natural Magio. Ex- pedients derived from the sciences, and which are worked in combination with feats of dextority, tho combined result constituting 'conjuring tricks.' 3\. Mental Conjuring. A control acquired over the will of the spectator ; secret thought read by ¡in ingenious Ryntom of diagnosis, and sometimes compelled to take a particular direction by certain artifices. 4\. Pretended Mesmerism. Imitations of mesmeric phenomena, second sight, clair- voyance, divination, trance, catalepsy. 5\. Mediumship. Spiritism or pretended evocation of Bpirits, table-turning, rapping and writing, mysterious cabinets, etc. In the Hiddle .^ge« mugió was greatly in vogue, and we read strange stories of ghosts, goblins, and gnomes in the literaturo of tba* period. Shrivelled old women were burned at thc atake for the crime of witchcraft, monks in their gloomy oells wrestled, with Satan and the powers of darkness, and grimy alchemists toiled day and night over the red fires of their furnaces, seeking in vain for the talismanic philosopher's stone and wondrous elixir of life. With the aid of the concave mirror, magioians of the period wore able to produce very fair ghost illusions to gull a susceptible public. Benvennto Cellini chronicles one in his fascinating autobio- graphy. Cellini, aa guileless as a child in matters of science, desiring to study sorcery, applied to a Sicilian priest who was a professed j dabbler in the occult art. One dark night j they repaired to tho ruins of the Coliseum, at Rome ; tho monk described a circle on the ground and placed himself and the great goldsmith within its inyatic outlines ; a fire was built, intoxicating perfumes cast on it, and soon an impenetrable smoke arose. The i man of the cowl then waved his wand in the air, pronounced sundry cabalistic words, and ' legions of demons were seen dancing in th© air, to the groat terror of Cellini. The story of this spirit seanoe reads like an Arabian tale, but it ia easily explainable. The priest had a brother confederate ooncoaled among the ruina, who manipulated a conoavo mir. ror, by moana of which painted images were thrown upon tho omoke. Later on, Nostra- damus conjured up tho vision of the future Kine oí France for the benefit of the lovely Marie do Medici«. Thia illusion was accom- plished by the aid of mirrors adroitly secreted amid hanging draperies. 