\- ' ??-'- ^ WAI. £By Carlton Dawe.) OHAPTER VII. I will not pretend -that I slept well that Bight Indeed; for quite two hours after turn ing in I scarcely attempted to close my eyes, and when I did j -saw things which made me tastily open them ^again. A dozen times I thought I heard some one twisting the handle ?f my door, and quite. as often my imagination enabled me to see the white, swollen .face ot Gupp flattened against the port. In fact, so many alarms did I pass through, that when I awoke and saw the sun shining I was surpris «u iu uuu myseii ? auve. . . . ? Breakfast, of which I took but sparingly, was spread for pae as usual. Bat I had little inclination to eat. I was more anxious to get up on deck, and have a look round. . There was no one about the after-part of the vessel, so, lighting my pipe, I leant against the rail and watched the land, which did not seem to me more than two or three miles off. In deed, I wondered much at our position, for ac cording to the drift of the current we should long since have been out of sight. I thought of the. Pi- rtugee ^and his ^engines; also of my dreams. - But presently there was great commotion for ward. The captain and the mate sprang to the starboard corner of the bridge, their glasses to their eyes. A moment or two of expectancy followed, and then I heard the mate cry out at the top of his great, gruff voice— 'Forward there! All hands forward!' Then the bo'sun blew his whistle, there was a rushing to and fro, and half a dozen men sprang upon the fo'c'sle. Gupp followed, swearing and giving directions, and I saw the men cover the gun oath a great square of can vas, vthe ends of which were fastened carefully /to the deck. Then, much to my surprise, I heard the clank of the engines, and for about half a minute we forged steadily ahead. Then ?- there was .silence again, as the ship gradually slowed down and stopped. Needless to say I understood my dreams at last. During this little manoeuvre the captain had hardly lowered his glasses, and though at first ?I could make out nothing, gradually a little dark cloud began to form upon the eastern j Siorizon. At first it was so thin and indistinct that I should not have noticed it if left to my self; but as I watched it perceptibly assumed a deeper shade and stretched further across She heavens. Like a long wisp of cloud it eeemed, a thing that had no* business in the perfectly clear sky, and as I watched I knew lwhat it meant It was a cloud, truly, but a cloud of smoke cast up by some steamer which iwas not yet in sight The men all crowded to the starboard side and turned anxiously to the far horizon; even the Portugee Luiz crawled up from his reek ing engine-room, and hung his ugly, dirty face over the side. I darted below for my glasses, and while there I slipped a small box of cart ridges into my pocket When I reached the deck again the topmasts of the steamer were ? distinetlv visible. I filled my pipe and tried patiently to await the development of events; but though I may have preserved an outward appearance of calm, inwardly I was throbbing with excite ment. Each minute that passed seemed mul tiplied by ten, and when at length the hull of the advancing vessel began to loom up, and I saw that she was coming towards us, I felt as ihough the fate of the whole world was hang ing on the issue. Presently Hayling came aft,, a bundle of flags under his arm, and as he began to knot them to the signalling halliards I crossed over to. him. The big fellow looked exceedingly solemn; 1 felt so. As he nodded to me there ?was never the ghost of a smile on his hard face. 'What are you going to do, Hayling?' 'Signal to that vessel that we are badly in need of help.' ? I advanced still closer to him. 'What does this mean, old fellow?' 'Can't you guess?' said he, still busy with the flags. 'I dare not.' He laughed between his teeth. 'My dear Ravensford, we're going to stop toat ship, and sink her, too, if she gives any (trouble.' 'Piracy!' 'That's about it' And again he laughed, ?nd I thought his face looked fiendish. 'What ship is it?' I asked. 'I haven't the faintest notion, but I think you will find that she is bound from Sydney *o Hongkong.' ,, 'The Chung-Tong left Sydney on the 25th ef last month with fifty thousand pounds in gold on board.' 'How do you know?' said he, sharply. In as few words as possible I told him how I had become possessed of the information. 'Then, depend upon it, Ravensford, that ?ressel is the Chung-Tong.' By this time he had arranged the flags cor rectly, and just as he was hoisting them the captain, Murrell. and half a dozen men came aft in a body. Hayling did not look at me, but under his breath I heard him mutter, 'Be care ful. They are ripe for anything.' I slipped my hands into my coat pockets and assumed my best air of indifference. In one of the poc kets was a revolver, and my finger instantly curled round the trigger. The men stood back by the bulwarks, where they formed an evil-looking group of cut throats; Macshiel and the mate advanced. Looking up at the flags, then at the far-off Bhip, which every minute loomed up clearer the skipper said, 'You see that ship?' 'Yes,' I replied. 'Can you guess her name?' 'The Chung-Tong,' said L somewhat de fiantly. 'Good!' and his devilish little face seemed to wrinkle with pleasure. 'Perhaps you can also guess where she comes from?' 'Sydney.' 'And what she carries?' 'Fifty thousand pounds in gold.' 'Where she is bound for?' 'Hongkong.' 'No.' 'Where, then?' 'Hell!' I. started, clean taken off my guard. The man's face, suddenly grew wrinkled and hideous, like a monkey's, and he seemed pas sionately to spit the word out 'I hope not,' said L 'Well,', he replied, 'it's a pity, of course; but before she goes we are going to ask her to leave her gold behind. It will be no use in the' port«he is bound for.' 'Melt,' grinned the mate. 'None whatever,' said L replying to the captain. 'I think yours is a perfectly reason ably request' 'I hope so,' said he, with a nasty laugh. *'Are you with us?' 'First let me know your project,' said I, hoping in a vague sort of way that the time gained might prove beneficial: 'We intend to get hold of that fifty thou sand.- It ought to set us up for life.' 'How many of yo'u?'^ * ???:?' C His brows went together, and he scowled frightfully.. I had spoken Tather loudly. 'There is enough for all,' said he, in a low, meaning voice. - 'But suppose her captain refuses to part?' 'We shall make him.' ? 'How?' 'We have a gun .forward, and our third mate, Mr. Gupp, was once a gunner in the Royal Navy.' 'Then you will sink her unless she surren ders?' ' 'Precisely/' 'It's 'a desperate 'enterplise, 'Captain Mac shiel.' He grinned hideously, while the mate and the men began to shojv signs of impatience. Evidently they thought enough had been said. It Was time, to act The captain, advancing, a step nearer, peer ed into my face. 'Will you join us?' MBut this is piracy.' 'Never mind what it is,' eaid he. 'Will you join us?' 'No, I will not.' :??'' ? 'Then you understand that we have no room for traitors aboard?' The faces of those before me grew black and threatening, and I really believed a rush was imminent. I covered Macshiel with my con cealed pistol, and felt sore that I could put a bullet somewhere through his body. He saw the. movement, and, guessing what it meant stepped back, a livid twitch of terror shooting down his cadaverous jaws. And truly, at that moment he was bound for the same port as the Chung-Tong. An angry look swept into his eyes, and he said, with a horrid grin— 'What have you got your hands in vour poc kets for?' 'To keep 'them warm.' 'Then up with them. I'm master here.' 'Captain Macshiel,' I said, 'I have no quar rel with you— I ihave no wish to quar rel with you. I candidly admit that I am not a fighting man, nor has fighting ever come my way before; but, so help my God, I'll do my best to injure the man who tries to injure me.' It was a bit of bounce, and yet not altogeth er bounce. I knew the men were desperate, and that they would not hesitate to sacrifice me if I endeavored to thwart them. The al ternative was therefore given me— and yet what an alternative! To join them, even against my will, would be to make me equally guilty in the eyes of the law. Not to join them meant that there was no room for me aboard the Pulo Way. Therefore the bounce was not all bounce; there was a deadly seriousness un derlying it as befitted such an occasion, which I think Mas-chiel was quick to see. Or, per haps, the knowledge that between him and a bullet there was only the lining of my coat may have quickened his perception. 'Nobody wants to injure you,' said he, with a conciliatory grin. 'What the deuce do you take us for? Though driven desperate we are not wholly without reason. We have cried for justice, but justice is deaf as well as blind. I don't want to prate or preach; but I can tell you that we are just sick of things, and that now we mean to live — to live, if it's only for a month!' So this was a new phase of Captain Mac shield character. But his sophistries fell on unsympathetic ears. 'To live for a month is good. And after?' He laughed harshly. 'To live still; for we intend to render detection impossible. It's as good as five thousand pounds hi your pocket. What do you say?' 'I have said.' 'Very well;' and this time he smiled very wickedly. 'We'll make you one of us in spite of you. Now lads,' cried he, turning to the men, ' to quarters. In half an hour we shall all be rich men.' He waved his hand and drove them forward, while I slunk away aft, a prey to the most distressing emotions. The ship, a long, low, one-funnel boat with a projecting bow, came sweeping up grandly out of the ocean* For some time now she had seen us, and when she was near enough to read our signal her helm was put over and she bore straight down upon us. Poor beggars! Eager to help, how they would have sTmnned us had they only known! On she came, straight for us, like an animal ready to spring over the white hedge of foam which for ever seemed to block her way. The red ensign went up, and presently she signal led, 'Can I be of any assistance?' The mate here came rushing aft and ran up the pen nant 'Yes.' Then followed an immediate bustle aboard the liner, and I saw some men spring to the davits on the port side and begin to clear the falls. Then the wash before her bows subsided, and I knew that the engines had stopped. Through my glasses I could see distinctly the officers on the bridge and seve ral persons leaning over the rail aft. As soon as she was near enough for me to distinguish her name, Which was written in big brass let ters upon her bows, I read the words Chung Tong. I admit the singularity of it all deeply nil pressed me, and 'I knew not at which I won dered most, man's ingenuity or his perfidy. The electric wire had told the people in China that the Chung-Tong had left Sydney with fifty thousand pounds on board. The next day the newspapers had printed it; a man had read the paragraph; it awoke an idea, and the idea had been duly executed. And now here was this very vessel coming up out of the sea to her destruction. She stopped less than a quarter of a mile off, and the people on her deck were plainly visi ble to the .naked eye. With glasses I could even distinguish the uniforms of the officers, while to my dismay I saw some women among the people aft. ; But now the boat of which I have spo ken was lowered from the liner; four or five men slipped down the falls, and presently the little craft shot out from the big one and came towards us. In the stern sat an officer; in the bows knelt a man with a boathook, while four more rowed. The sea being smooth, the little boat skipped gallantly across the water, and presently she was brought to a few yards away from us, and just opposite the bridge upon which the captain stood. 'What ship is this?' I heard the young offi cer ask, who vainly scrutinised our bows for the name, which had been painted out some three or four days previously. 'The Golden Guinea,' shouted Macshiel, 'from Shanghai to the Torres Straits. What are you?' 'The Chung-Tong— Sydney to Hongkong. What can we do for you?' 'I'll .tell you,' said the old man, leaning far out over the rail. 'We intend to do a little trading among the islands, but being a bit short of cash, we thought you wouldn't object to lending us a little.' 'Eh?' said the young fellow, looking exceed ingly astonished. 'I believe you have something like fifty thousand pounds ou board. You must hand it over.' , The look of stupefaction on the young fel low's face was almost ludicrous. This was evidently the last request he had expected. 'Why, confound you,' he said, 'you must be mad!'' 'So mad,' said Macshiel, grimly, 'that if you don't hand it over I'll sink you.'' 'Very well,' was the reply; 'I'll report.' \- 'I'll give your captain five minutes to decide from the time you reach the deck. If the pen nant 'Yes7 doesn't go up, then I'll open fire. And- no hanky- panky, mind. This is going to be a big job.' Without more ado, the young fellow put about and made straight for his ship, while Gupp uncovered the cannon forward and took his -place beside it For the first; time I felt the. excitement of, battle in my blood. It would be an ignoble battle, no doubt; but I fancied there would be some desperate work done. -To be .continued.) 