WEIBLEYAN. LEOTURE. ONs Wednesday evenolg the 1ov, D, ODonnell gave a loottre on Things to Come to o large cougregation in the Waslayon Churob. The Aptakor was listened to with lterenst through. out, Mr. O'Donnell dealt with his Cutjeto in an able, vigorous, and impresolve mouner. To illustlrate his rmankes he had a legte dispou onlionsl chart, which greatly aosisted his hbuarers i gin graing his ideos. In hi ilntro duetion he coutooded that it was tIe duty of Christians to study the whole of thbo Horip. lures, and not nony purtioular prt, HIe shou spoke in a clear and intooructiove way about our Lord's throoefold ,lice, of Prophet, Priest. and King. IHe clehmed that the Ascosion of Jesus cuded the former diepoe. oation, the omiang of thebo oly Ghost at Poleoeaut began the preecno, and LthaLt tihe great purposo of its descent wao to form a churoh for Jeeus Ohriet. In the lotutels's opinion the signa oc th to times indioted the near epproaci o oour Lord' eeooud coming; htut at t samem time he would n:t ta?e upon limeelf to stoate a date for tbuhat evoeut. By ttle coming of Christ he did not mean tlhe end of tihe world, but thie n'od of this depetnestion. Ohriet bad foru told that thue oad of thoe Jws would bh in subjeclioa il thebo time of thebo Goentileo was fulfilled. Palestina was now under the do. minion of the Turk, end no one would be surprised to hear of the faull of that empire. The Jews were already going bnol: to Poln. flinoe, and when Ibhey had oompleted their seturo would omes the pro.millennial adveet of Christ, followid by tho firl r reurrertion, that of the emints. A thouanol years would then tlpeo, ond weould be followed by the Lim of the great tORibhultion, durtn g whiohl Slaton would reign supreme on ertlh. At thebo end of this period Christl would appoear snd poeseo would reign open earth, In conolunlon the Icoturer referred to the laoe ef fre no not designed for men but for the devil and his nngelo; and made a solemn appeal to the rtenaved to deeido for Chriot. At the eoloe of the lecture somen of the non gregation oamo lforward nod proefeeored on. versoiot. Lost evening the Rov. Mr. O'Donntll on doeoted the lost of the series of oervies in the ohnrehl. ThIero wse crowded ottondanoo. The oddreess was on the Predigol Sne, and was imprestosive. Some sixteen decided for Christ,. Mr. O'Donnell next gaoes to Wnggc, where be opens a minssion on Sunday,. On Seunday morning now eonvoerts wil attend theo norament of the Lord's Supper An alter meeting will be held at night for puolio conferonion of Chriat, thankagiving, nod teotimony. On Monday night there will be a mooting of ail new oonv?erte, ntd on Wednoes. daoy and Thursday night enuetling open to ail,. On Friday at 4.1d p.m, mneelting for junior 0 . E. members. pln2auracnm nnaran~~·-ra~?r -n 