THE LIGHT THAT CAST h'O SHADOW- CurinnE-BnnriBr ics ttud tburt the ppsrsrs possessed by iBerixSn murires 'A india, wnn lire rji zamnr t he Him lays puttacPE. These '.id men is is scid. iarre ngrfAei sv.ws if yetcv v.- tit .study pf m3urz3 3» osA Jteoes. wflath tl« sws ".t the m3d lnowv BU&shs; ohntx Itej&y; Omnss jirefemrur viriteri the -sidtptt. at fuest '--net: H.'ncnt.vrt nal je-L for the xiajptist <€ inifog put she setssa of sheer it- rswxa--.Se perf-.cmanntE. 3Siey treaitA iim ra-her Knrrjy, Jam fnts-eKeri cut an ica tame, 'tot \- day the jcxfesssv wx-ief to exasszne stmt znrnest Ssautrix mazrz. scrij/is. Aa udspt wtrjt rr.-.h hlr: to s care waEresa sue b-.r.ij w«rs Itpt- Tie riant vra dark as the 1/JOost of s w«L _ , _ ' I eaa't t>t to read here.' raid tut visitiv. \- Tbes we will "hart r.m Jf-zftl/ w-as the rtpfy. sod immie'iiE.telT (the pofe-wr tsys) a etfu peariy light brightentd the Part He c nld not tell wbtnnt it tsira but bt nvtined that it had out stnagt quality — it cast not the Tighten shadow. This is a hard tifojy to btlisrre. yet its truth is affirmed "by a man of vast ltaroicg and high character, and yon who now read it live no reason for doubt except that all the liguis you have seen -have cast shadows. Belief or unbtiitf commonly "runs parallel with one's own earp erieuipt. Dj -Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited tbe tale of tie Cot-i Lsne ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him welh What else but doubt could result from his ex perience! Take an example: — " In the tj/ring of 1 ei'S,' writes our correspondent, ' I fell into a low. weak and languid state. I felt low-rspirited and out of sorts. At Siat my stomach was deranged, my appe'ite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at tue chest. I was ranch troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a aonr fluid, also bitter biie. Later on 1 suffered from nerronrnces and great depression of spirits. I kept op with my wojh. but ha/J always a sense of dis comfort. Off and on I oourinned in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving rot. At last I heard of '-'other iieuge 's vymp, and pro cured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my f od digested, and gradually all nerrousnes left me. Although 1 had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and Its power orer disease. -Sine: my recovery, for which I thank Mother -eigel's C'uratiTe By rap, 1 hare been in the best e/f health and spirit. In the interests of suf fering humanity 1 deem it a duty to bend you ibis testimony. ( igned) D. Griffith, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockey Hill, Birmingham. June 5th. HSH.' "fhere is a great deal of difference be lwt/en Mr Griffith d candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than ii is north. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel'e Curative Byrup. It acts on the theory that most ailment are but symptoms, form-, or phrase fA thai univeraal disease — indiges tion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pern bad cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 