TALES AOT) SKETCHES. [AU, BTODIS EÏSEBVKD.] THE GLOVE MAKKIED BJIIDE, ELUS MAR8Ï0N. The setting sun was flooding the atmos- phere with yellow light, tinting the tree topB and gilding the waters of the caual until they glittered like gold. Round the bend of the canal oame a rednsailed barge, moving gallantly ailing, and throwing up a cloud of spray from her bows as «be out her way through the water. A girl stood at the helm steering, and handing tho spokes of the hori- zontal wheel with the ease bom of "long practice. She was tall, straight, and strongly made, and iu her attitude there was a sugges- tion of heroic possibilities. Her face was open und frank, with clear gray eyes, regular fea- tures, and a pure complexion ; her arms were round and rosy, and her hands large and toil worn. Masses of goldon hair were tucked away under the golden helmet sported by Frisian married women, and over it was a little scarlet cloth cap perched coquettiahly on one side. Long golden earrings depended from her ears. For the rest she woro a short woollen petticoat of dark brown stuff, reveal- ing shapely legs encased in pink ribbed stockings, and on her feet were pointed sabots. Over her wide bosom a pink kerchief VIM worn cross-wise, and a gold chain, with a croea depending from it, was around her neck. " Elizabeth, Elizabeth," cried a shrill voice, and a woman's head appeared abovo the cabin's liutchway. " Come down and take thy tea ; it is waiting tlicc." "Nay tlieu, mother, Jan must como and take the wheel ; thoa knowest that I cannot leave it." There was a clatter of sabots, aud Jau Smidt, a hoy of BÍxteen, went forward and took tho wheel from his sister's hand. He was at least five years her junior, strong and sturdy, and steered as to tho manucr born. He was a handsome lad, and there was enough resemblanco between him and his beautiful sister to proclaim their relation shin. Down in the cabin old Klaus Smidt, the owner of the barge, and his vrouw, Anne Marie, were seated at their tea. The kettle containing the tea water hissed on a plate of burning braze ; the table was spread with a white cloth and a neat service of blue china. Tlte father and mother were a hale and hearty couple in the primo of life, Btill handsome, though some« hat tanned and weather-beaten. The mother wore the Frisian dress, much like her daughter's, the father the ordinary jacket and voluminous trousers of dark brown cloth, J plentifully garnished with Bilvcr buttons. The little cabin was the very pink and per- fection of neatness and cleanliness ; tho floor was polished oak, with matting in the centra,-, the »alls was also of oak, and were adorned ' with pictures aud a few ornaments on brackets. The scats were covered with crimson cloth. The little window was fostnoned with delicate muslin ourtains, and held several pots of gay flow era. The brass fittings of the cabin shone like mirrors. Not a spec of dust was visible anywhere. " There Was a letter fot thee at Zwolle," said Klaus, slowly fumbling in his pocket, whence he drew a large square envelope addressed in a round hand to Elizabeth Storm, of the barge Minerva, Post Office, Zwolle. Elizabeth took the letter and placed it iu her bosom, a slight pink suffusing the settled calmness of her face. " It is from Cornelius," she said briefly. Her parents testified no curiosity, although they knew the letter was from the girl's husband, to whom she was bound by a glove marriage. CorneliuB Storm was in the employ of the Brothers Oppendoom, coffee merchants, of Amsterdam ; he had been sent out by them to tho West IndieB us assistant overseer on a coffco plantation, and being unable to fulfil his promise lo come home and marry hie old sweetheart, Elizabeth Smidt, had besought her lo consent to a glove- marriage, which is perfectly valid in Holland. Elizabeth con- sented, and Cornelius, sending MB right hand glove to ilia brother Pieter, appointed lum his proxy. So the marriage, which with the Dutch is a purely civil contract, took place the magstrato, Pieter holding Elizabeth's hand with his own right hand, on which was the glove sent by Cornelius, and the bride and bridegroom, though separated by thousands of leagues of water, were as iadi«solub]y wedded as if an archbishop had presided at the ceremony at the altar of a cathedral. The family Smidt lived ia winter in a quaint little house at Zwolle, and Elizabeth remained with her parents and served tbem at she had from her childhood up. In summer their house wae on the waters. "Cornelius is coming home in six months, the girl announced to her mother ; " Mynheer I Oppendom will give him the charge of his country estate, with a good salary, so that he cm hai-e a house of his own, and we may live together." I " It is well," said Vrouw Smidt, " a wife is best with her husdand, bui we shall miss thee Elizabeth ; thou base aerer been from home before." They were seated in the little cabin, busily knitting. Klans and hfe son, with the old man, who composed the crew of the Minerva, were on deck. The cabin was as neat as a lady's boudoir, and fragrant with the roses that bloomed in the window. Elizabeth had unbraided her beautiful bair, and it now flowed free over her shoulders from under the golden helmet. She looked like a fairy Joan of Arc taking her rest after the toils ef battle. " There ÍB a house at Hiuddoopen to let," continued Elizabeth. n It has a garden run- ning down down to the,quay. I walked past it once with Corncliu^'and he said how well the windows would look with lace curtains over them, and that the house only wanted ilowers blooming in the garden, and roses climbing up the front, to be perfect. It is to let still, for I went on purpose to see when we were last tjicre." " Yon must take-it," said Vronw Smidt," 1 have lace curtains raid by which will de you tbe windows, ona thou kooweat, Elizabeth, I have been storing hqrise linen for these three years. My daughter shall not go to her man without household gear. Six months! Why, they will soon be gone, and then wo shall lose our child, and elie sighed. " Butyou will see me of ton,mother," the girl said, smiling brightly. You will bo passing up and down the canal Io the summer-time, and in winter you muft come and make your home with ue. There are more rooms than we shall want." The mother shook her head. " Thy father will not give up the old house," she said, " and for thyself, child, the little ones will be comiDg and will fill the rooms ; but we will come and bide with yon sometimes. Cornelius is a good lad and will make us welcome, I know.'1 " That he wBl," said Elizabeth heartily. But sommer passed into winter, and the canals vero frozen and skaters flew over the glassy service, and Cornelius came not. The rothers Oppendoom said they had summoned him home, and were adviBod that he had left the Indies, but no news carno of the Golden Star, the vessel in which Cornelius was said to have sailed. In the meantime Klaus Smidt had purchased the little bouse at Hindeloopon. It was to be a wedding present, and would be formally made over to the young couple when Cornelius should arrive, elizabeth and her mother busied themselves in getting it ready, and Elizabeth's savings, Which had begun when alio was a child of ten, went to the furnishing. Vruow Smidt had a goodly store of lace curtains, and lace frilled shoe/« and pillow-cases laid by, and these were made over to her dangbter to be used on stats occasions. In February calpe thn.newe that tho Golden Star, chartered by the Brothers Oppendoom, coffee merchants of Amsterdam, had been lost ; the cargo had gone down, and all hands had perished. The ship and her freight were heavily insured, but tbe men who went down with her-who would make up their loss to the hearts that mourned them? Elizabeth Eut on widow's dress, and retired within erself. She maid no moan aud was never seen to weep, but she grew thinner and paler and hor beauty waned, and she who had ever spoken but rarely, now spoke rarely more still, and that only when necessary. She still steered tho barge, laden with a various freightage, along the sluggish waters of the canals, but she answered no moro the cheery salute of the passing bargee, or of his family clustered about the bulwarks. She sat long hours over her knitting, while her mother knitted beside her, and only a heavy sigh occasionally betrayed the sorrowful thoughts that possessed her. The little house at Hindcloopen was dismantled and let, for hearts may break but money must-come in, and Elizabeth worked as hard as ever, putting by the guilders she earned for her old age. .' Thou wilt merry again," said her father ; "after all it was but a glove- tnarriago, and thy man will have a maiden wife, and thou wilt bear him children, who will climb on my knees and call mo grandfather when 1 am old. But Elizabeth shook her head. " CorucliuB and I were lovers from the cradle," she said. " I shall never wed again." Her brother-in-law, Pieter Storm, was frequent in his visits to the Smidt's house, and often asked a passage on the barge on one pretext or another. " Thon canst still be of the family," he said to the girl. " Here stand I, Pieter Storm, ready to bo thy man at any time. It will Boon bo a year sinoe the ship was loBt, and a year is quite long enough for a handsome woman to sigh. You are growing pale aud thin, Elizabeth, you will no longer be the beauty of Zwolle if you fret your life away as you are doing now. Try mo and see if I will not make your days bright for you, and you will soon think of Cornelius only as a dream. After all, it was Pieter and not CorneliuB that was married to you. Did 1 not hold your hand before Iho magistrate, and sigu the register ! What more simple and proper than that I should claim you for my wife t You arc much too beautiful to be married to the dead." For answer Elizabeth rose, laid aside her knitting, aud went up to the wheel, sending Jan down lo talk to Pieter on the affairs of ti io market ; presently they both came up, and leaning over the bulwarks with the stems of tbcirlong clay pipes in their mouths, proceeded to discuss the affairs of the; nation in the pecu- liarly calm Dutch fashion. There was no gesticulation, no interrupt ion, each had his say out while the other listened and puffed, and when one speaker had finished the other took up ¡lie parable and spoke. Elizabeth stood ut the wheel looking straight ahead, and guiding the vessel unerringly along the gray canal ; her face was serious but hardly sad, for tho indomitable resolution of her face shone there -and her hands grasped the wheel firmly and unfalteringly. " My heart is sad for Elizabeth," said her mother one evening to her spouBe ; " the girl is plainly grieving, but will not say a word to me, her mother. And it is a pity and a shame that her youth should waste as it is wasting ; and what will she have to turn to when we are gone ? Jan will marry, and the girl will be left alone. " No fear of that," answered Klaus, as he set down, his empty beer mug. Give' the girl time, mother, and she will pick up again, and look out for another husband. 'Tis early days to talk of it now ; why, 'tis not a full year Bince the Golden Star was lost, aud twelve months is a short time to forget the boy who has been her lover all her life. H she chooses in another'year's time it will be soon enough, but let her alone now, wife. Elizabeth is not a maiden to be hurried into marriage nor into aught else. She will go on her own way and follow her own bent." The mother did not answer ; she sat knit- ting atthetnterminable stockings, for, between them, Elizabeth and she made all the clothing for the family, as well as doing all the house needlework. Three years had passed, aud still Elizabeth remained a widow. She had many offers, for not only was she still beautiful, but old Klaus jvas known to have a tidy sum put away in "he bank, and Elizabeth herself udded each year to her savings. She was known to be a clever and capable housewife, as moat Dutch women are, and her father had made over to her the little house in Hindeloopen, of which she received the rent. Decidedly Eliza- beth was a woman worth the seeking. But the loverscameand wentyind still Elizabeth wenton her way, calm and stately as ever, working from morning to night, waiting on her parents and her brother, and speaking not one word of her dead hncband buried beneath the rolling waves of the Atlantic Ocean. "Even if Cornelius were living and had sent no word, you would be free now, Eliza- beth," said Prêt, as he sat one day by the girl in the little summer house in the garden of the Smidt's house. " Dutch law is merciful, and does not compel a woman to keep faithful longer than three years to a man who sendsno sign. You might make one man happy in- stead of making many miserable. I have been faithful to you, Elizabeth, all these three years. I have never so much SB looked at any other woman, and I wauld make yon a good and faithful husband. Your money and gear should never bo wasted by inc." " How you do persist, Pier," said the girl, wearily, "and what can you want with a woman whose heart lias gone from her ? If I marry you, you will be disappointed when Írou find that I canndt give you all a wife's ove. Why will you not b.e content with an answer and seek some other maiden ?" " Because I cannot. Because, Elizabeth, every time I see you, you seem to be more beautiful and queenly. BecauBe you are the only woman I should ever care to marry." Elizabeth was silent, her fingers playing with the gold cross which lay on ber bosom. Suddenly she laid her hands on Piet's. " If I consent, she said, " if I marry you, Pick, re- called that it is only at your repeated request, and because you have vowed and swocn many times that no one elso would make you happy. If in the years to come you are dissatisfied with me, remember that I did not do it to please myself, but only to make you happy, Piet, because you are the brother of Cornelius." Her voice faltered as she pronounoed the seldom spoken name. "Elizabeth," cried Piet rapturously, and bending over her be pressed his first kiss on her check. " I dissatisfied 1 Why, I shall be the happiest roan in Holland and Uie luckiest. You most take on the house at Hindeloopon, Elizabeth ; it will be our winter quarters, and in summer we will have a barge, and take our merchandise along the canal and be as happy as the day Is long." "Yes/ said Elizabeth absently, "well, 'have your own way, Piet. The die is cast ; I am destined to be Vrouw Storm to the end of my days, it Beems." The tenants had notice to quit the Hindeloopen house at the end of the term, when the time for which they had engaged it would expire ; and when they had vacated it Elizabeth and her mother went to work with a will to get it ready for its new inhabitants. It was a pretty little house with high pointed gables painted a bright green, the lower part of the walli being coloured red, and the roof covered with glazed tiles which shone in the Bun's rays like a mirror. It had bay windows, and a little garden sloping down to the banks of the canal, gay with flowers, and all around the garden were young lime trees, their trunks painted a light blue. It was a perfect kaleidoscope of colour, which was reflected back from the canal below in shimmering hues, as the passing barge« set the quiet water quivering. Piet had elected to follow the highly es- teemed calling of a gardener, and had bought several acres just outside the village, where tulips, roses, and poly-anthuses of all hues grejv and flourished. It was his ambition, at no very distant period, to become an orchid grower, but at present ho contented himself with more modest floriculture. It was Elizabeth's wedding morning, and she was awaiting Piel's advent in the little hoiiBo at Hindeloopen, whether the whole family had migrated for the occasion. She was dressed as a Frisian dame, and looked stately and picturesque. The golden helmet on her head was nearly concealed by a coalscuttle straw bonnet, turned apparently the back to the front. Across her forehead was a broad gold band with a corkscrew arrangement on cither temple, and in her ears were Tong gold and coral pendants. A violet handkerchief was tied round her neck. Her dark woollen dress was almost covered by a flowered and embroidered linen overdress ; a pink stomacher covered her bosom, and was confined at the waiBt by a red-sash, and n pink check patterned linen apron covered the front of her dress from the waist to the ground. On her feet she wore beautifully embroidered velvet slippers. She wai standing in the best parlour, look- ing pensively from the window, while Vrouw Smidt was still upstairs puttingthe finishing touches to her own dress, and Klaus was in the summer-house in company with his be- loved pipe. " Piot is late," murmured Elizabeth. " Ah 1 had it been Cornelius, he would have been too early." Unaccustomed tears rose to her eyes, but elm wiped them quiokly away, scolding her- self for lier childishness. As she turned for a last look at the mirror, to assure herself that everything was in its place, the garden-gate clicked and a rapid stop came up the walk. Ko blush came'to Elizabeth's face. No tremor as she heard the step enter the house and pause at the door ; Bhc did not even turn hef'head, but busied herself with her bonnet, which would turn ever so little te one side. The parlour door opened, and a voice said " Elizabeth !" Then she turned and tottered, and would have fallen had not the new-comer hastened to her and caught her in his arms. " Cornelius," she said wildly ; " hast thou come from the sea to reproach me? I consented only because he was thy brother, and he said that I was spoiling his life." " I reproach thee not, Elizabeth, thou hast been very good and patient Oh, I know all, Piet has told me." "But where art thou from, and art thou really Cornelius-my Cornelius ?" "Really and truly thy Cornelius. I arrived at the old house only last night and found Piet there. Ho also took me for a ghost, but thou, Elizabeth, thou shouldst have known better." " Tbou art changed, Cornelius," she said, holding him off, and looking at him anxiously and fondly ; and in truth he was a poor cadaverous object, very different from the stalwart young Dutchman who had parted from her full of life and hope nearly four years ago. " I have paBscd through twenty years of suffering," ho said. " We encountered bad weather after leaving St. Martin ; the skipper was a drunkard and got wrong in his reckonings. The consequence was the ship was driven miles out of her course and was finally wrecked on one of the Leeward Islands. She went down, and all were lost except a few, who were picked up and saved by the second and third mate in one of the ship's boats. The island was uninhabited, but we managed to live ; the others did pretty well, but I was always ill and of little use. We were out of the track of vessels, and might have stayed on our island for ever had not Providence caused another ship to be wrecked on the same spot as ourselves. " She had also got out of her course in a cyclone, and' came ashore, but although wrecked she was not altogether shattered, and we all set to work and patohed her up until she was strong enough to bring us to Europe. It was a long job, but it was finished at last, and wc all came home in her. She is lying now in the dock at Rotterdam and will probably be broken up. And so you were going to be married again. Elizabeth," he concluded, with a touch of reproach. " Only for thy brother's sake," she said softly, "and that I might save him from a wasted life. Poor Piet, what will be do now?" "I left him looking pretty cheerful," answered Cornelius. " To do Piet justice, he was too overjoyed at seeing me back to think of anything else." " Didn't he repine at all at having to give me up ?" queried Elizabeth in a tone of pique. " Not much," laaghed Cornelius. " I don't think Plet's heart is so shattered that it cannot be pieced together again, as the old El Donado was. He is gone on to the magistrate's to await us there. Come, Elizabeth, do not let us disappoint the poor mau of his fees. He need not know that we aro already married, and after all it waB but a glove-marriage." 