THE TOET. **3,926" <Adelaide. GUL),-r-We do not know, on what da tethe.drawing-of "lattersall'e"' weep on the Adelaide Cf»p tookpUce. - , Wxljte ,toJ"Xat telttlL" ;"'.*.' v.! " - . "J. P." (NleertmKorth).-Tbe Ghost which used to run in blinker* was Mr. H. Haines's roan geld ing by Tregeagle from Ada. "i.U.X."-1, Tbe Victim won the Hurdle Race on the day that Portsea won the Amoralian Gup.: 2\. J. S. Edge rode The Victim. ."Robin" (Adelaide, S.A.).-We answered your question a fewweeka ago. The backers o( Fitzroy lose, a* they had a riianer to win when the beta were made. "Star of the. East" (West Australia).-The ad dress ot the penon "yea inquire about is-Harry Cuttfl, private trainer to Air. & B. BloconSeld, High-street, Malvern. .'Inquirer" (Mitiamo).-A correspondent informs us that Yoaag Sussex (sire of Eutneralla) is by Sussex, from l«na (the dam ol Lady Ash ton), by l>andsbo rough. "Subscriber" (Dookie).-1 and 2. When Carbine won the Melbourne Cop in 1890 there were 19 starters. & In Sheet Anchor'* year there were 35 starters. " 4. "When The Ghost won the ladies' Bracelet in IB8S there were 48 runners, which is the ianest Add that ever started for a race in Australia. "Andned."-J?. Archer** last winning mount was on Blanchland, in the Honjtbton Stakes, at New market, on October 29, 1686. His last mount was on Tommy Tittlcmouac, in the Castle Plate, at Lewes, on November 4, 1886. "Subscriber" Olobart, T.)'.-Regent ran in the nomination of Mr. Scott Watson, in die Hufdle Raoe, at Onkaparings. Ilegcm and Wirrawa were both trained by Mr. Ferry, and as Begent,. who was a better favourite than Wirrawa, wan, we think the. backer of "Mr. ferry's elect" is entitled to receive. "Korth Wand" (New Zealand).-A penalty for winning a race cannot be imposed by the com mittee or Etc wards after the nominations have been received, eren though'tt can be showpthat the omission of the penalty in the programme was a clerical error. The dub must abide by its mistake. "Subscriber" jfNhill).-You ve entitled to a re fund oyer Mischief, and you win over Cats paw. * P.W-" (Kanowna, W.A.).-If you back a horse on the course you are entitled to a start. " G.S.W," (Herang).-The' bookmaker who laid tbe celebrated wager, as you call it, against Nimbletoot for the Melbourne Cup was Mr. Wtn. Slack. . . . " Benson" (Hay).-With reference to ynnr query, Mr. Basil Gray writes « <ollows:-"May iliy was lined bymy brother, William Gray, on the Serpentine, and was got by Zanga out of Mona, a mare he bought from some Bendigo miners, who brought her from the Hunter district, K.S.W., and said that she was got by Gratis out of ;a inane irptti Charles Roberts's stud, and she (MonaVhafl-^rery appearance Of being tho roughbred, and bred other winners besides May Fly." . .. "I.B."-The tern "classic race" only applies to the Two Thousand Gnineaa, One Thousand Guineas, Derby, Oakt, and St. Leger. Btmrmo. "W.O." (Teraag).-The photographs are too snail lor euccestal reproduction. GBIOKSI. "An Old Subscriber" (Cranbonrne).-The bowler can deliver the hall from a distance of a yard or more behind. 4|k bowling crease; Stank Allan frequently did nb. "Queiy" (CanlWdJj-The profesBionals in A. E. Stoddarfa last team got £300 each, with a bonus of £25 each at tbe Saitfe, owing to the great financial mnrsnp of tbetour. "S.K." (Adelaide).-Therule is "when the bowler is about to delivertheball, if the batsman at his wicket be out of Us ground before actual delivery the aaid bowler mw nin Wni, out; but il the bowler throw at that'wicket, and aoy run result, it shall be aoored "no-ball.' ". Rms this you will i see that tbe baU la alive prior to delivery, and that tbe batman would.be out. FOOTBALL. "Kgge" (Block 11, Broken Bill).-1. Ballarat Football Aatefctottop scored 09 ppints to tbe Vic torian Football ieagne's M points at Fiteroy, on i June 12 last year. 8. Tht Victorian Football: Association monad SO points to Ballarat Aasoeia tion's 47 pointo^fta&^on JdySlcf thesame year. Neither V.F.U nor V.F.A. played a match i against the BiUaiat Football -Club. Affiisnoa "Subscriber". <Pir«m Xalloak).-Tbe time was not! reported. Write to tbe aercretary, Mr. J. De Grucby. ^Intefake.** TpBttiwprUMjflU is, at fiur* ai the; publMad Rpotu ^o, eomet^bnt personally we are very mpttMl jfta-to.tfce bona-fides of these fforld-Mjanfaf *1'' r" -to cleared hut this hands unit wide and therefore, world's'" IL <ftaznr9. iward _a tbe iitj and «nU int,] record. Tkt; raS*-?'! opposite rule prevails to some extent In Vic-l; . mill and you had better, la such m case, let . the usage of the locality determine the question. ? For uniformity's Bake, low should deal at euchre ; as in other games. ' (Fremantle).-If the last card makes less than Si jou take 1.' B's claim is correct, and \ A'b assertion is not supported by recognised * rales. QUOITS. " Player" (Aubnm).-The rules of quoits are pub lished. Apply to a bookseller's. We haven't space to reprint them. YANKEE ORAB. 'lake Dsrbot" (W.A.).-If the rule is that * "highest throw stands out," the two wlio threw 15 each throw off to decide which goes out. 