THE MAN WHO FOUGHT A GHOST. SUES FOR NON DELIVERY. " When the California. limited pulled out from the Dim horn street station on the night of Jimmy 1, 1891-, the smell nig loom of the Pullman was occupied by side transcontinental travellers It was 10 o i lock when they left Chicago, and the hill home following was spent by each man in fitting mint in stock of his companions, with the purpose of determining in the probabilities were in favour of an agreeable trip It was after brea! fist on the first morning out, as they were sending across the Yiicle plains of Kansas and the talk begin to take on some water and to become really worth while It happened in this vi i) The King. looking man in the gin tweeds, who might have been either a newspaperman or i pennant winning Yachtsman had chanced to remark incident till that it followed his profession of the law and upon this that puts smooth faced Youngman in the comet, Whom all the others united in believing it clears in, looked up with sudden interest 'Pardon me," he said in a voice as soft as a womans 1 don that in to be in- quisitive but if you can do it without violating the bond of professional series), you might relieve Hu monotony of this trip by telling us of the most remarkable east in which you best the being concerned To hear a fine story will be vastly better than to tiling Ins "I do not know much about it must s eli tons," said the law i to be war of include, but this is perhaps, the next thing to one \- i ghost story Doubtltss)ouhui all heard plenty of tales of ghosts but this differs from others of its kind in the fit! but it 98 n ghost stay with the ghost left out At least, the ghost is not in it to the extent that he should be by lights "It is about a client of mine " he continued warming to his work as he is in the look! of interest and expectantly deepening on the face of his hearers, who sued for the possession of a ghost lit claimed to have bought, but which had not been delivered It happened when I was younger than now I was practising in an old town in Western Massachusetts round about; were it good man) estates that had once been the homes of families who were more or less notable in their day but the notabilities of time had brought about in Pay easement and degeneration, and one by one these homes smile under the li im- mer and passed into strange hands You know how such things go for a song, lil- h a s so it was with a good deal of surprise that I learned one day that the Hieliut Nelson place is it was known through the country, had been sold for a very little' sum-for quite as much in of at as it would have brought in its palmiest days, although now it was a Year dilapidated old man The wonder of Hu matter was the greater is the family vi is a dentist, except for a minor and poverty-stricken brightly, lit id, too to family pride, so that sentiment could have played no part in the purchase ' I must go back a little and kill you that the house had long had the une inn) it putation of being insulted- a deputation, on may be sure, that was not at all I then lated to add to its market v Jim 1 There was a time of some treasure hidden about or beneath it and a ghost till of all at midnight and pointed with white linger towards the spot when it was he had ever value the measure story might have given to the house was duly discounted by the ghost that kept gum ed over it. The legend back of all Uns noa that the treasure had been hidden by a certain amused) old Richardson a long turn Ijicl to keep it from the ends of his narrative spendthrift son and the son had killed the father of his refusal to list over the hiding place From that day on the man dered man had walked and his ghostly felt ever pointed toward the spot he had given up his life to keep suit 'foolish as it may seem, One was the reason my client had plunged so wildly in bin tug the plan lit State led in ghosts, and expected this one to reveal the trend sure to him. But after spending a month in the house and watching every night for the appearance of the spool , without avail, he decided that the tait wits of pure rain cution, and came to me to si title unless 'Upon instigation I found that the agent had really sold the house is haunted lins m> client had been wise enough to have appear in the closer union in the field of salt As the majority of men do not believe in the existence of ghosts, I thought it would be a is enough to receive before n pay the amount which may Unit Club paid "I will not worry you with the details of this case. When it came to trial chief attorney for the defence insisted that the jury should judge for themselves not from the evidence produced in court, but by ocular evidence on the spot whether or not the ghost was there. And to this he found the judge assented, and I myself: linn nothing loth. "The jury, my client, and the attorney for the defence, and myself arranged to spend a night in the house to determine whether or not the ghost appeared as advertised. We were all very jocular about it, except the other attorney. He was serious and composed, and towards mid- night his imperturbable gravity began to have some effect upon us. At half-past 11 we filed into the room whole the Shade, was said to rendezvous. We had no lights, and had agreed to keep perfect silence, and he give the ghost every show. The night was intensely dark, and a steady rain were falling, and we could hear it beat upon the room. We had been in the room but in four' minutes when the stillness began to grow oppressive. It seemed unnatural that 115 strong, wide-awake men should keep such absolute silence'. Presently the voice of the other attorney was heard, deep and measured Keon your eyes fixed on the door through which we crime. It alivay'B enters from that direction. It will he clothed in while, and its arms will point straight ahead. Walch.' "for the first time my confidence in myself began to weaken. I found myself seriously considering the possibility of ghosts. How long I remained in this state I do not know, but suddenly I saw distinctly a horrible white something loom up before me. 1 died to hold on to myself, to reason away what I knew to be only a trick of the imagination, but in spite of all I felt the cold perspiration start out upon my face, and knew my knees were shaking under me. What I would have done if left to my own volition I will not under- take to say. A low moan at my right-" n cry of fear upon the other side, and then a rush and scurry of feet and a moment later we stood huddling together in the rain outside, and the ghost had proved his existence and had the premises to himself and my client had lost his case." There was a moment's silence as the storyteller finished. Then the young man who had shot him going said, "But he found his ghost. Was he not satisfied?" ' "That is the curious part of it" replied the other; "the ghost never appeared again." The young man waited for him to speak;' further. And when he did not, he asked, , "Have you no theory?" of, "Yea. I explain it in the same way I 7, do the tricks of the Fakir and YoglnV . ' of the cost, The other attorney was a ' hypnotist, He played upon the imaginary . 