READY TO PERISH. Clarence Mansfield stood under the clear autumn moonlight in a secluded spot it $Iyde Park, a homeless, hopeless, strickee man. He was filled with deopair too deel for words, and the mos .bitter thought is Ile heart was that hle had been brought te this terrible pass by his own mad folly. The quiet stare eshonesabove him; and the night winds sighed mournfully through the tree and amid the long grass as the despairing man moved slowly along, and then sunt upon a seat with a groan. A sound struck his ear-the hour called aloud by manu clucks. He mechanically drew from hit pocket a handsome gold watch, and by the uncertain light regarded its face. As he re ilaced the watch in his pocketabitter sinile crossed him pale face. " What matters the our ?" he said aloud. The man was in that lonely spot with a fparful purpose- he had come there to .die. Yes, in that solitarj spot he intended to take thelife that had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to be borne, a curse instead of a blessing. It had come to this : he, a man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished to oive. Dis)eraced by his own actions, he had .so courage to face the world he knew rather would he leap unbidden into eter. nity, and brave the perils he knew not. HI drew forth a revolver,add placed it upon the seat beside him, where in lay _with a pas. sing ray of moonlight falling through elm. Ieayes, and glinting on its polished surface Ike the smile of an evil spirit, sinister and ieaadly " I am lost, body anrd soul," said the man, removing his hat slowly, with a wild thought of prayer flashing through his brain. He raised the pistol, and placed its cold muazzle against his burning brow. " Hold. What Is this !" The voice startled the suicide., He lowered the weapon, and gazed at the speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to, have sprung up from the path-way on which he stood, so suddenly had he ap. peared. " Who are you r" asked 'Mansfield haughtily. S" Never mind me. Who 'are you and what are you doing."' " Why should .1 render an account of anyself to you, r' asked Clarence defiantly. " I am a desperate i;ani,', replied the .,ther, calmly. " Like yourself, I came her. to pub an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, leot.us butalk a little together.' Mloralise by the sweet, silver light of the umoon. Whydo you. kill yourself ? I do it because I am,hauntod by thgeverlaeting shadow of pist ill.doings, my dead past, as you may say, They talk of ad'gelh weeping over lost sinners ; well, they-can weep over me .if they have nothing better to'do. I can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder avenue. Now I stand' under the stare' without'a shilling in my pocket. I saved sixpence to Puy poison, but it' must have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I foundl had bnly a half. penny left. I knew it was uselpes;to buy any with that-a half- pennyworth of poison could never make an and of a tough citizen like me, so I walked' up here. 1 have that half-penny, left. I'll give it to you for a loan of your, revolver, for, bad as my credin is, I don't want to die in debt to you. ':i'm not naturally mean. Ill die firat. . Mansfield looked at his now acquaintance in perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips ? He appeared about 35 years of age; he was tall and thin, his hair and beard were light brown,straggling and unkempt, and his clothing were extremely shabby. His eyes were bright and pisrcing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and.his lonok,' slim, white, hands were cohstantly in motion, betraying his nervous. tempera. ment. He constantly kept looking around him, as if he dreaded he knew not what. " Who are.you r" asked Clarence, for the stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dispense with ceremony. " ,am Alfred the Great, Christopher Columbus, Nlapoleon crossing the Alps, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like, ' A rose by any other name.' What's the use of arguIng over one's name at a time like this I Let us study cause and 'effect, devote our last momeeis to something useful. The oauses of m'y present condition are too 'much wine, too much card-playing,.ton much worse than doubt ful company, and lastly, a big speculation in grain that went the wrong way ; tine effect of all this Iaeing that I can't stand it, any longer." '-, ' ' " I did not inquire your name from Idle curiosity," said Clarence. " I was atruck by the strange circumstance of your appear. ing just at the moment you did-just when 1 was about to either 'put an end to my misery or plunge headlong into a worse holl thin this." ' " There is no hell unless we make It so. Look around you. Could mortal eyes gaze upon a fairer uicture 1 See how the golden moonlight gleams on the moving billows of grass, wet with dew. ' See the graceful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose branchesslumber in peaceful repose myriads of living things that have only obeyed the voiceof nature. They are happy,.and, as sonmone says, ' Only man is vile.' All my Lrmtubles hnove come from ''nself .'-I never tried to do right. You have not either, or you would not be here.", . " I have tried somethes.t." " Did you really ?-?Well, I didn't. Non', as I have ltotswored your:qdestlon.'you answer mirid. W'hy' are vmu going to die 'l " I am a viliin. a 1 hve been transact ing busideas fo'r my father. I was sup posed to" 'le am'it', and, of course, trust worthy. W\Vell. I got into all sorts of bad company, embezzled money, and thought I could replaca it; then gambled tobetter myself, lost oll I had, and, to make a long. sitory short, I've been going to the devil for thlrs years : now I've got there. ly furiher has discoverad all, and I could nob ..e him, and above all my mother. I aultl not see aniy way out of it but this. I liel fromnt home three days ago, and I've bh.n wanderi g around ever since. My fa her is stern and strict, and I've been expecting to be arrested every moment. aen must. feel it terribly-and my poor mother : I am her only child, and she lures me, was proud of me. Father would thinlk n oling of putting me in prison. But tihe werst of allis yet to be told-a girl,a lovely gil, the daughter of wealthy prents, is f.olish enough to'love me. Poor child I she has been living in a' dream. It secms.hard that sheb should ha-e such a'cruel a'waken. oing. I have destroyed :everything that might lead to my identification, ro I can only hope that my mother and Lucile may never know what became of me." He'-topped, unable to continue. His slw companion took a seat, for he had beon standing. They talked on for some time, P.ad wetsre recalled to their purpose by the IoUUd of ._~cLdcspiknpl " Do you know I am very hungry 1" said Clarence's new friend. Give me ,the pistol, and let me make an end of this buslt ness for it is useless to endure more discom. fort than is absolutely necessary?" For the second time that night Clarence had drawn his watch from lbi pocket. " By the way," he said, as he glanced at it, " this watch must be got rid of ; it has my monoram upon it. What shall I do with'it Y' " Iave you got 1watcll Why didn'b you say so before t Let us go and pawn it: We can at least have some supper, and not gohungry into the next world." " Why, this is childish. Take'the watch and welcome, but leave me alone. Go I Perhaps you may see some reaeon why you shuuld live. Good-bye." " No. -In the first place I intend to stay with you to the end, and in the second place 1 can't pawn your watch, for if I do they will arrest me when your body is found. Come on;you are not the man I take you for ifyou will lob a follow oreature die hungry."? Clarence rose reluctantly ; he wished to get nuickly over his fearful task.. It might he that he feared his desperate courage would fail him if he delayed. "'Come on, friend," urged the abrqnger, and'the'young man' followed him. S"Now we can talk more at our.ease." said,the man of many named; aslipping his hand througlh Mansfield's arm :as they found. themselves on a broader path. He talked on, and Mansfield was struck by the force and' oriwinality of his jemarks, and varied nature of his information'. Iq was both witty and well. read; and seemed to have more depilt of character tihan a casual observer would hive given.liim credit for. " Give me the watch," lie said,whenl they were clear of the park, " and meet me'in yonder restaurant." "It is too late to pawn it now," replied. I Clarence, placing the watch in his hand. " Not at all. You "are unsophisticated," my young friend. Thlsis'' saturday night, and this is tlle witching hpt~r when the spider, whose algn is three gcolden halls, catches more flies thanu any otlher,huur in the day. Proceed to the restaurann, ands I'll be with you anon." Clarence obeyed. He. walked into the restaurant and. took his seat at onni of the tables. A waiter came to take his order, but he told hims he was waiting for afrioied. Left to himself, a flood of painful thoughts' came over him. - The prseonce:of his new acquaintance ha?d banislied them fcr the: moment,'but they returned with redoubled force when lie was onci morealone. .lie regretted that hle had not carried out' his terrible intentlon without delay,and blamed 'the chance that brought the other wretched man to the same spot as himself, While painfully musing lie took hp'a paper that lay before hiaSm-the "Dally'Tilegraph,.' and among the " P'ersonals'" this caught" hie eye :- • . "Clarence 'M--, Come home. All will he forgiven aqitlforgotten. rlother is desperately ill,and saks for you constantly. \--Father." Whliat a wild tumult of joy and sorrow. surged. through his heart. Qvercomo by' the, tide of feeling, he laid his head down on thq table,and.tears of penitancsstreamed. frdm his eyes. Those tears were not un. manly; they washed away the bitter feel. ings of anguish and despair, and left Clarence Mansfield a strongler and bettes man. Just as lihe conquered his omotion his new friend entered. He saw at a glance that some new tide in the affaira of men had turned in his comlpalnion's favour, He sat down and silently placed a pile of money befor .Manefield, an;d then ordoered suppeo for both without asking one question. Clarence understood the delicacy :that prompted im,,ondl, touching his arm, laid the paper before him silently, iudicating the notice. ," I. am glad, 'from my. heaut," said thie stranger warmly, pressing the young man'e hand us he spoke. ?' You ceo, it was well you followed my advice. You will return, of course " " Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past and deserve my father's mercy.. And you 7" " lel '1Oh, I'll fisnish my supper aqd then go back and finish my work.' It is no use for me to live." " No, you shall not. Come with mete Dalston. .I shall tell my father when and how I. met you. : He employs over a hun dred men, and you are' not too proud to work for another man at presente, as you have no business of your own." The only answer Chlrence received was a hearty' squeeze of the hand, and' inthe piercing eyes of his companion he aow tears I well up. - Next morning saw both men on their way to Daleton. W\hen theyarivcdt there they went before Dtr. Mansafield,' and Clarence told their etory. 'he stern mart was deeply moved, and in broken tones he blessed and forgave'hi, errinsg on. We also extended a kindly welcome to the stranger, who" gave his name as lferman Everlee. - Mrs. Alanefield Was very ill. but the eight of her boy's' face restored her. Everlee was placed in the couriting-house, and proved himself a, valsable assistant honestc,keen, and industrious. 'He remained in Mri. Mansfield's employ four years, and then requested leave of absence to go oil a viair. He returned, after an absence of four weeks, with his wife and child, the latter a lovely boy of six years.. All his friends were.lilled .with aurprise, as they had always suplIosed hiin an unmarried man. "That is uhat filled me with delspair," he aif in confidence to Clarence. '" But my brave Mary fouclht on alone tillI had been here a month. and then I wrote and told her all. Since then I have eup. ported them, and now I am once mnore a haplppy man. I hive gatlleredl furniture by degrees,and altlhou,_h our home is notmuch' like our former m:nsion, Mary loves it, and says she wa-s never so happy, and I bolieve her, God bls her." Soon after this Clarence also weont away on leave, and brought back his bride, the beamtiful Iucile,who harl loved Iimn so long a?d so devotedlly. She knew lis story, and was williing t totrut hier heart to hIis keep. t ing, and timu piroved tit hier csnflideince Swas ntnot iplsicen. Ifo becumn onei of the s leadinlg mnr.' ins Isia businozss ned sociil circle, respectesl by oIl and well beloerd by relatives anld friends, an Ihonoured father and a htluz'y Ihusbasnd. SYeer after, wlhes Iue firns was known as bhlnsfiel aitd t-v-rlce, thie partners setel a aside a ssin evry year. It wa? sellt to a well-known clergvmans in Whitechopel te be used by hin for tihe pIurporse of ssetsinC ust easuch de.lcrate men is theyov once hadl obfen-mess driven to dlespair bh the fruits o ntheir san folly The tunl nias aserel to the piartners, ainl was called by them I "Our fund for those who are ' Ilteady tc Perish.'" y SirJohn Treror, cousin to Lad Cbhaurellor Jeffelries, we en able man. but as corrupt as he wa able. tlie , twicea Sprker of tim louse Sof Commouns, and hod the moirtifation to. puot Sofl?cially the question to the Hosse. " whether he himself ought to be expelled for bdibery." *j The aswer was. " Yes." 