Chitchat. It is Interesting to note, now that "The Little Minister" has been staged, that the book is in its fiftieth thousand. Mrs. George Corbett's latest novel, " The Star of Yukon," is being syndicated by Messrs. Tillotson and Son, and will be pub lished in book form twelve mouths after the commencement of the serial run. An illustrated " Life" of the Prince of Wales is in preparation, for publication by Mr. Grant Richards. The name of the author, who is said to be a well-known literary man, will not be revealed, at least, officially. Mr. Edward Bellamy, the author of " Looking Backward," " Equality," and other novels with a strong Socialistic ten dency, Is a Massachusetts man, and the son of a Baptist minister. Lieutenant Robert E. Peary is said to be -writing a book descriptive of his several Arctic voyages, which will be Illustrated with more than 1200 photographs. The book, in two large volumes, is promised for publication early in the spring. Mr. Mathers has announced that Mr. Henry M. Stanley will contribute to " South 'Africa" a series of letters detailing his ex periences and impressions gained during his visit to Bulawayo on the occasion of the recent opening of the railway to that place. The articles will deal with the resources and prospects of Rhodesia, and to intending emigrants ihould Drove of exceptional in terest. A library edition of Miss Freer's " Life of Marguerite of Navarre," in two volumes, <nith illustration?, is about to be published by Mr. Elliot Stock, who also announces " Crown Jewels : A Brief, Record of the Wives of English Sovereigns from 1066 to 1897," with a preface by Lady Herbert of Lea. Paul Laurence Dunbar, the negro poet who recently visited England, haß received an appointment in .the Congressional Library at Washington. The volume of poems which he published while in Great Britain has been favourably received in America ; he has just finished a novel, deal ing with life in Ohio, and entitled " The Uncalled." A novel by i&r.; E. H. Cooper (author of " Mr. Blake of Newmarket") will be pub lished by Messrs. Chapman and Hall in a few days' time. It is to be callld "The Marchioness against the County." Names of this sort ought to be divided into chap ters like the novels themselves. Among the racing matter in the book is a descrip tion of the famouß Grand Prix of 1894. One ' of the chapters is entitled " Helen's Diaries." These diaries, we are assured, are a genuine bit of child's work, having been lent to Mr. Coopter by a small 12-year old friend of his, who is thus without doubt the youngest novel-writer in the world. The seventh part of Mr. Will Rothen- Btein'B " English Portraits," which has just been issued by Mr. Grant Richards, con tains a brief but highly eulogistic "appre ciation" of Mr. Robert Bridges. Says the writer :—" The mass of work already laid silently before the world by this writer is very considerable : in quality it raises the literary character of the age ; withal, it is -wonderfully various. Only one man in the language has shown a greater mastery X>l the methods of the dramatic art, and a stronger spring of sentiment. One of his dramas contains the most ludicrous situa tion ever invented, another the most pathetic. His sonnets are a collection that will stand among the first three or four, unless his generation befool posterity by its reticence. His Shorter Poems are &s; new an application to nature as photo graphy. To poetry as an art he has ren dered special service. The influence of h.'<fe ' new prosody' is apparent every where." To announce the solvency of an author (says the "Literary World") may some times be a cause of serious offence to him. This seems to have been the case with Mark Twain recently. Some one seems to have spread a report that Mark had confided to a personal friend in America that be had made £12,400 in the last two years, and had paid his business debts in full. This wes cabled to Mark's publishers in Hartford, who referred to him for confirmation or denial. His cabled reply, dated 4th No vember, and sent from Vienna, is said to have been :—" Bliss, Publisher.—Lie. Wrote no such letter. Still deeply in debt." The American paper which gives these facts goes on to explain that Mr. Clemens still owes about £10,000 on account of C. L. Webster and Co.'s debts, but that it is a voluntary indebtedness so far as legal liability 1b concerned. Beyond this business debt he owes nothing. It is a pity, per haps, that people will not leave Mark and his creditors to settle matters between themselves, but when lying reports are spread it is as well to contradict them. Madame Sarah Grand, the authoress of " The Heavenly Twins," is a many- sided woman. She composed music and wrote poetry when she was only 11 years old, and she has lived at various times in Egypt, Ceylon, the Straits Settlements, China, and Japan. It is interesting to note that she brought but her now celebrated book —of which over 50,000 copies have been sola —at her own expense, for none of the publishers to whom she sent it would accept the book. Lady Violet Grevllle is the only titled woman journalist in Great Britain. Soon , after Bhe married Mr. (now Lord) Grevllle she turned her thoughts to literature, and now there is scarcely a single form of literary work with which she is not familiar, from playwriting to paragraphing. When quite a girl she was very fond of writing short curtain-raisers for amateur perform ances, and she has remained a very excel lent actress. Messrs. C. Arthur Pearson, Ltd., have just jub)lshed a new volume by Mr. George Griffith, entitled " Men Who Have Made the Empire." It consists of biographical sketches of the twelve men whom Mr. Griffith considers to have had the greatest share in the building up and maintenance of the British Empire, beginning with Wil liam the Norman, and ending with Cecil Rhodes. A new edition, very much revised, of stories of the supernatural, which Mr. W. \- T. Stead issued five or six years ago under the title " Real Ghost Stories," aqd which have long been out of print, is published by Mr. Grant Richards. The " St. John's Magazine" is the title of a new high-class monthly illustrated journal to be published next year by the Order of St. John of Jerusalem in England, under the editorship of the Rev. W. K. R. Bedford. It will contain articles of gene ral, medical, and antiquarian interest by well-known authors, and will .supplement the exißtlng periodical literature by fur nishing details of hospkaller work from the earliest era to its most modern development. Apropcs of the appearance of " The Little Minister" on the London stage, it may be mentioned that Mr. Barrle's publishers have lately issued the fiftieth thousand of the novel from which the play has been taken. The letters of Dante Gabriel Rossettl to William Alllngham. extending over a period of sixteen years, from 1854 to 1870, have been edited by Dr. Birkbeck Hill, and have just been issued. The interest of the volume ts enhanced by several portraits and fac-elmile reproductions. Mr. Robert W. Chambers, author of "The Latin Quartier." and other stories, has in preparation " The Haunts of Men," for publication early in the New Tear. Miss Zula Maud Woodbull. associate editor of " The Humanitarian," has com pleted a four-act play, entitled. " Affinities," and it will shortly be published in book form. The play has been running through " The Humanitarian." 