" THINGS TO COME." T-Ee above was the title of a lecture given in the Wesleyan Church last evening by the Rev. D. O'Donne!l, who for the past ten days has been con duoting a mission. There was a good attendance. The lecture was illustrated by a chart, divided into sections marking the beginning and end of the different dispensations. The eascension of Jesue Christ into heaven ended one dispensation, and the descent of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecoset began the dispensation in which we were now living. The Rely Ghost's great purpose on earth was to form a churoh for Jesus Christ. The leoturer said he would not attempt to fix the date when the present dispensation would end. It would end when the last member was added to the church Personally he believed we were very near the end of this dispensation, but he did not mean the end of the world. The Jews had still to return to Palestine. When theend of this dispensation came the door of the bchurch would be shut and the door of the kingdom would be opened, and he believed that the door might be shut any day; if he did not believe that he would not be there, but he would seek out the most comfortable oburbch he could find and end his days there. Christ had said that Jorusalom would be trodden under foot of the Gentiles until the time of the Gentiles.was ful filled. Palestine was held by the Gentiles now-by the Turkish Empire; and would we be surprised to hear that the Turkish hnEmpire had toppled over P There were eight or ten millions of Jews in the world to- day, and holding ithe wealth of the world in their hand. The Rothsohilds had lent 111 mil lions to Europe, which moiant they had a mortgage over it. There was a plot in France to-day to murder every Jew iu Ft ance because the Jews there, oterming one-twentieth of the population, held one fourth of the wealth, and still remained a separate people. The Jews were already coming back to Paleostina. When they; had returned would come the pre-millennial advent of Jesus Christ, and the first resurrcotion would occur. There were two resurreetions, with a thousand years intervening boetween. At the pro- millennium would come the judgment of the sauints. Their sins would be blotted out, but they would be judged for their service, a Ohristiun's position in the oternal kingdom being determined by his workls. Then there begin the period of the great tribulatiou, the darkest epoch in the world's history. The Christian element, whieh was keeping the world sWcot, would be taken out, and Satan would literally be oeast into the earth. That would be the next dispen sation, and everybody not in the church of Christ would have to go through that. 'i'hen vould appear the anti-Christ, the dovil'ecountorfeit of Jesus Christ. The world, said the leoturer, had never had a form of government it could believe in, and the inequslilies that existed in thie world came out of that. Two hundred millions, paid by the workers, was spent in Europe to preoerveopeace, and that was at the edd of the iooteonth century. Mien said was that the best that God could do for man; but that was not according to the will of God. Things were heading up for a crisis. At the end of the period of great tribulation Christ would come upon the earth, and Satan would be ceast into the bottomless pit for a thousandyears. That dispensea tion would be thie glorious millennial reign-the golden agego. Then would take place the conversion of the Jews. At the end of this period there would be a little season when Satan would be released, which was one of the mysteries of Reveolations. Satan would seek to omake the nations war against Christ, and Christ would cast him into the lake of fire, which meant hell. Hell was never meant for men, but for the devil and his angel ; but if men would serve the devil and follow him they would have to follow him where he went. Then would come the resurrection of the wicked, the tecond resurrection, the judgment of the great white throne, and those whoss names were not found written in the book of life would be oast into the lake of firo. The audience hero at the request of the leoturer engaged in silent prayer. Then he asked anybody who was not ready to meet the Lord and who would like to be made ready to sitand up and the congregation would pray for him. The question was put three times ; blit no one ros?e. Then thllose who were really prepared to meet the Lord were asked to stand up, and the great majority of the audience did so. Next those sitting down and who would like to be ready were asked to stand up. Several responded, but a few remained sitting. "How many more." inquired Mr. O'Donnell, " are anoxious to flee from the wrath to come ? Are there any others willing to yield themselves to Christ I" Then verses of " Just as I Am" were sung several times, and the lecturer asked those who desired to be saved to come to the front that he might address them. Eventually four women and one man made their way forward and were spoken to by the leoturer, prayer being offered by SIrs. Tudor. The five per sons repeated after Mr. O'Donnell the words-" I receive Jesus as my Saviour just new," and also repeated other words. The lecturer pronounced the benediotion, and the congregation dispersed. Mr. O'Donnell resumes his mission to-night. 