THE VOYAGE HOME. ' Don't go, Jark— don t go You're not fit.' «« I'm all right, Liz 1 shall take no hurt. Never fear, girl.' ??You're not 'all right,' Csck. You know i du should bo in bed Don't go, dear !' ' Imust go, I.iz I'm all right. Don't fret lourself. Good-bye.' Mrs. Henderson raisea ner mm «anm »oo^ to her husband's. Placing a han-i on each cheek he drew her geniJy to him and kissed her fer vently, again an-i 'g»iu. « Now— uow— dont take on that way, he said, as she begin to weep afn sh. I'm strong and well again and shall come back all right. Good-bye— gcod-b\e!' 'Kios the cuild.en. Jack, if you will go, sobbed Mr*. Henderson, holding up her latest born, a. delirate «irl of two years. Jack Henderson kissed the child. Then he kissed the two boys and his elisst girl who were looking on vacautly as their mother pleaded with their fathtr not to go upon the long voy age on which he had set his mind. ' Gi-od-bye all,' he said as he kissed them round again. Shouldering the black c*uvas bag which con tained his ncanty outfit he w-iktd to the front door, and with a final ' Uoo-.l-bye, keep up heart,'' he passed out in to tLe darkness. As he walkul under the street lamp it might have bet-u noticrd that Jack Henderson sir«ycd to ami fro'.witb uncertain gait. Auy one st-eiug Lira would Lavo raid that he was iu liquor. Vet a seai chim; look into bis face iu the full glare of the lamp-iight would havr given an inquiiei pause. The face was tbiu aud kaggurd, tt.e eyes weie far sunken, and the high check bones' seemc.1 to accentuate a deatoiy pallor wliicl overspread his feature*. In trutb, Jack Hender son wis not in liquor at all, but in a. very miser able plight. He was a ship's fireman, and two months be fore had come home more dead than alive. The ship had encountered heavy weather after leav ing :he Mediterraneau, and for three days the stokers bad worki-d nearly waist-de»-p in water.. Jack Hendi rson hal staggered home to thiow himsflf upon his bed and he there for weeks figuting wilh rheumatic fever. What troubk-tl him more than his_ illness during his hours of consciousness was the kut/wlrdge that his slender savings were melting away like snow under »n April .-un.' Well or ill, Le filt that as soon .-5 he could leave the house he must do so. With his work stopped everything was stopped, and to a fireman's family that mi-»nt ruin So after a week of forced convalescence Jack Henderson persuaded himself that he was well enough to got to sea again H;s c. mpany had kt pt a place for him, and he was able to leave the house. What more, he thought, need he wait for ? Mrs. Henderson overhauled her spare outfit. She contrived, Jack never knew how, to procure two brand-new woollen singlets, and two pairs of new woollen drawers, and at the last minute to add two pairs of warm stockings to the con tents of the black bag. She had done her best for him and he knew it. Her trouble was that he would go. She b'gged that he would stcy until he were stronger and wept as she im plored.- But Jack was obdurate. Their dwind ling savings was a horrible fact, »nd the gaunt monster Poveity seemed leering at him and taunting him with his misfortune. So h» bravely signed on as a stoker in the Yangtse Kiang, one of tbe finest steamers in the China trade, and the Yang-tse steamed away to the Orient. It was like a glimpse of fairyland, from the skylight hung tropical plants and flowers of sur passing richness and beauty. Curiously wrought shades in all the subtle colours of the Indies covered the tiny lamp-bulbs of the electric light round the saloon and sutf used the whole interior and its gay company with tints the most delic ately beautiful and witching. On the tables were ranged rows of choice exotics in pots of strange workmanship. A subtle and delightful odour pervaded everything, half-a-dosen thin, blue, smoke-ribands rising in fantastic forms from as many Japanese vases betraying its origin. The gorgeous saloon of the Yang-tse-Kiang was filled with the gay company. The vessel had had a prosperous voyage out and was now Lomtward bound. SLe had rounded the south ern isles of India, aud was steering a course West-by-North for the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea to enter the Suez Canal. The weather had been torrid, but as the ship lay under a suowy awning life on the promenade- deck be came a sweet and langourous existence. Panned into pleasant dreams by the soft breeze of the Arabian Sea the passengers lounged away the hours in their deck-chairs, arousing themselvts ever and anon to exchange jocular impromptus or chivalrous pleasantries with one another. The gallant officers of the Yang-tae-Kiang were intent upon giving their passerjgera a treat. The ' Yang-tse ' was noted for tho delightful musical evenings which were promoted by ths navigating staff, and by one of these tha pas sengers were to be entertained. Pleasant al v. ays, with its white and gold panelling and lavish array of plants and mirrors, the saloon of the Yaug tse-Kiang was at these seasons con verted into a veritable fairyland. For the occasion the good genii of ths ship had taxed their resources to the utmost. The passengers were captivated by the insidious charm of the scene, which one short afternoon had sufficed for the staff to prepare. Their praise and encomiums were bestowed without stint, and were well-deserved by tbe chivalrous hearts of the ' Yang- tse ' The company were assembled. The pro gramme was an enchanting one and included a song by the gallant commander of the ship. Everyoue was delighted. Attired in evening dress the ladies looked as cadiant as if assembled for a dance at St. James's, the evi n iug breeze from the Arabian Sea stealing in through the open ports, with delicious coolne^'. The commander had taken a seat by Lath Edgerley, the brilliant pianist of the evening, to be in readiness to sing ' Jack's Yarn ' wit' traditional jollity, when the young lady who was now singing ' The Old Couutree ' had finished. As she commenced to sing the hst verse the second officer entered the saloon, and noting where the commander was sittinj. waHed quietly round to him. Touching his 8rrc lightly, he whispeied in his ear : ' Tube got e in starboard boiler, sir ; man scalded.' ' Proceed with song after mine ; I will return in a few minutes,'1 the commander whispered to the pianist, and then quietly passed round the sa'oon to ihe door. Glancing backward ovei ih' assemblage he made his way softly to where the ship's surgeon »as sitting. 'Fireman hurt — come!' he whispered, as tho surgeon turned at the captain's touch. With a hurried apology to the lady by whorr he was seated, the surgeon rose,and with noise less tep followed the commander from tl e saloon. ' What's tho matter, Mr. Hawkins ?' aakc V the commander ef the first- engineer as tin thiee met by the engiue-room companion way. 'A tuLe has gone in number three bo:irM si-\ We've damped the fires, and are going to 1. 1 tLo pr^ ssure down to plug.' ?? Is ire man badly hurt ?' ; 'lriu afcaid so, sir. They're getting Lr.urup, but there's a lot of stcain yet.' ' Where ii- he ? I'll go down, Mr^Ha* kins,' said the surgeon tagetl . ' Best wait until .they get him out of t;.e Lok-. JTou caa't do -u j ^hiiu for bteuui ie*.' '?.«r. HawkiisI Hi. Fretson ! NTot a word of this aft. Voa nadeisUad V *&M; t&fr; commander gravely. ' Perfectly,' rep' «1 the surj^oa. Five minutes; Un uiinut. y, Mr FrstGon, eurgeon of the Yacg-t-e-Ki*-iig waited im. patiently at tbe romjjauioa way. He imd mtde a Lurried visit lo Lis room and was y.uw burdened with bottln3 of swe«t oil fend a roll of lint and bandages. ' Dash it, what can they be doing ?' Le =x« claimed, aa sith patieace exhau»tcu ija descended the n-rtow s'.air«aj that lid so too ; engine-room. Ke*ch:ug tLe lir: t alley-nav he stopped. Tl.ere was the SDun 3 of footsti-ps A figurp, grimed bt rend ail recognition, wa* aj/» proachinjj ' Where's the man who is hurt ? ' azki-d tto snrgeon. ' Come tbis way, sir,' was the answer. FoU i lowing the grimiri figure along the allry- way. C' which resked vri'ti the odour uf heated paint ^ and oil, tbe surgeon reached the firemen's quar ters. The a!lf j was blocked by a number of ghostly shapes wL'ich jostled each other before a narrow door. ,, '? Look out, chaps ! Era's the doctor ! '* sonrw'e J the hollow viice of ti e surgeon's guide. TLe men silently fell back from the door of the berth and the Eurgeou entered. j TLe third engineer stood with a swaling oiU *? lamp near the face of & man wLo lay black and unrecognisable on a bare locker. J ' SUnd back ! Light ! Light here ! ' ex* claimed tLe sur^eou, beuding 'over tbe injured man. ,- k hurried examination and the black and steam soaked sinulet of the rnun was gently cut iwiy. Coal dust, i-team and tire-ash had de prived him of all semblance lo iniugs human. ' Goud heaveus ! Th;J man's a skeleton ! ? exclaimed the lioctor, n-ken he bad got U-aeatl} the black and sodden r»gs. ' 'W Lo is he ? ' ' Number 3 hand.' '? ' E couldn't do tLe work-' ' 'E never did seem fit for it.* One by one laconic replias were given by tLt men. ' A pei feet skeleton,' said too surgeon, deftly applying the oil and lint. ' Cb»rminjf concert, was it not ?'' remarked n saloon pa=.vnger to a young lady with when he was inj-ying a promenaile on the star-lit deck. 'Delightful. Bnt what a pity the captain did not siug. WLy did ue leave T*. *' He was wanted. The scud officer cama for him.' ' What a nuisante ! It's always the way. What wai the money fur ?' 'Oh! Oue-of the London Hosput-lj. They iook£2710.«.' ' That was good. But I wish the cvutain had sung.' It was tbe morning but one after the c ncert on Ihe Y»ng-lte-Kia.ng. The first blush ol .lawn was ever tbe sky aud ths still water uf Che Arabian Sea. Something unusual was passing on the fote--leck of the steamer. Hen Lurrie-I about noiselessly as whispered instruction win passed -iound. Four b. 11s struck, bat there was something strange about the sound. It was soft and ghcwtly. Xhe bellVas ranfH. cl. After si riking the hour it struck slowly on. NoisvltvsU. deck hands and nrexen gathered » bout a lung dark object which lay covered with a Union Jack under the port-rail. After a moment's pause the form of a clrrgrrnsn sp-e?red. j-r ycr-book in hand. A brief scrv:cu for the -lra.1 was ie»d, and the Union Jack was removed from tho long object which it coveted. Then the Lody A 'No 3 hand ' was teverently raised to the rail end committed to the cold grey sea. ' What a lovely morning ! Let me have tl.e pleasure of accompanying you on your iwik. Miss Girdlej'toae,'' said a gentlemanly p-tssenj;--r to a yonng lady who had just emerged from tha saloon on to the promenade duck. ?? Thank yon, Mr. 1hozil*f . I shall I a most happy. But I'm — I'm not very well this morn ing ' ' Really — now ! You don't look qi-i'e up to the mark Come along. The walk wi',1 do ton good.' Xhey joined the company of |-as?en ers un.u were taking their morning coi.ttitufiiw al-. : n-l walked briskly lo tl.e stern ami round the t'k houses. *' I feel so strange, Mr. Tfrni nlev,' sii ' 3l'« Girdleslone turning a beautiful but -ac\ r.r I face to his. ' Do yon know — I must 1 ave I een dreaming — butjntt as the grey light m&v; in ' ? hrougn the port, I felt certain I heard a !? II tolling. I called to mama, but »lie was x'o-p in the lower berth. I'm afraid soo.ething u going to happen.1' ' Nonsense, my dear Miss Girdlestone '. y u heard them striking the bells ; tl at was ajl it sounds very weird in the morning air. Tliii- iu:S been the pleasantest voyage I ever Lad.'' ' So it Las been to me but for that dmutful fancy.' ' Ha, ha ! Come along. Eujoy yoursiir this beautiful morning.' The Yang-tse- Kiang had made a splemliil passage. It was night whtn she gratefully steamed to her berth in tLe London Do b. Little groups of people stood on the qu^y -?-? i« ly awaiting their friends who were rel:nuins to the old land. 'Dear, dear uncle! how srejoa5''* claimed Miss Girdlestone, embracing a miilrtle aged gentleman who stopped her as she s rp ped off the gangway on to the quay. ' My dear Kate, how are you ? Where's your mother ? Have you had a gord pas-a^-e ? ' ' All here well, unclfl. Had the li»|i|ust passage that coulil be. H ha* been deli.eht ui ' The saloon pa6seugeis hid landed. Down a narrow gangway at the fore pnit of t) e shsp a number of ragged and ghost ly form* were pas sing to the quay. ^ Thry were the firemen of thn Yanstse ? Kiaog going ashore, their voy»g* :»nd duty donr. A group of women, some with chiltli en. clus- - teied about the bottom of the; gangway and ^ reerod eagerly into tbe fscr of e?ch p. an z-« I b came down the gangway. There were1, w. r«l cries of recognition, and wild erobracii gs bs i ne alter another was recognised by the wnmeu =ind j children. All the women but one who stood holdup » boy of about four years of age by the hanil li-d '' -^ claimed their loved ones and dep itert. _ k The last two fireme» were comi- g -U'Wii th« ianeway. The woman le^n^H anxiously forward to scan their faces. 'Is Jack Henderson cumii g?'' she a- fc« d ff rfh '~'J[ quivering voice, laying her baud upon thr a m ».-? of one of the men. m ' Jack what ?' he asked sharply, turnin; 4a -,J*; wards her. ??Henderson — Jp ck Henderson 1' she repeate-! ^-'J: tremulously. * *' ' Don't know no such name. Do you k»ow - ,j: -.ny Jack Henderson ?'' the man aakeH, tun i'S . +'' round to the man who was following him. j^ 'Henderson! Henderson! It w-js 'nn as - w.=s killed and buried off Alien ? ' ' '*; ' Where's my dada ?' shrieked the buy, ». .-trai ge intuitive horror seizing Lim as tbe words « ?,. ?' k:lled ' snd ' buried *' reaolied l.is « aij. j 4iWas 'e anythin' to you ? * *»'«&'. ike nrn J fir.st addressed. ? - ' ily husband,' tLe wtnnan faltered. ^ j '? It's a bad job:- we've left 'im behind nJ, ,3 mi.ssus.' -' -i ?4 Wheie- -wliat do you mean ?' The we rds r * came laboured and spasmodically. v 'i ' V.'e buist a tute' and 't w*-. scalded an' . ,£ . led. We buried 'im at sea,'' wi.s tl i answer, . - ^ in tones of sympathy. . - - J ' Come !' yasped the woman, turning n« - -^ boy from the ship. H*nd in hand thev slowly . - ^ tottered away iiiio tho.iiiitlit. — Bv J. H.ium.r.^^ Q.i.n .. .;i 