Annual Breaking-up of St. , Joseph V College. THE CARDINAL IN DEFENCE OP AUSTRALIANS. Bsiiop Thornton's Bogie. - ( ? ? ? On Wednesday afternoon last Sfc. Joseph's College held its annual exhibition before going into recess. The function was held in the drill sheds adjoining the school, and in this lavish accommodation a very large com pany gathered, and seemed to greatly enjoy the proceedings. The sheds were tastefully decorated* with flags and streamers and green foliage, whilst the stage wasc tastefully adorned with beautiful flowers of a light purple shade. In fact nothing was 'left undone to make the visitors comfortable, and all was done to send them aw.°y pleased . with the entertainment. ? His Eminence Cardinal Moran arrived early in the afternoon and evinced great interest in the proceedings throughout. a Among the company we noticed the Ven. Archpriest Sheehy, the Right Reft Monsig nor O'Brien, the .Very Rev. vDr.. O'Haran, the Very Rev. J. Muraire, 'Rev. Fathers Aubry, Kenny, S.J., Murley* Cregan, Sturzo, S.J., Bergin, Bridge, Barry, Hegarty, CM., and Quinn. Programme. V An.4lii-j nunnrnmmfl filin.f. fcVin rniniln n.nnfcvi buted for the entertainment there is little to be said but words of praise. The enter tainment opened with a fantasia, 'The Queen's Prize,' which was heartily played by the college band, Then came a song, 'The Harp that Once,' by Master G. Slat ' tery, which waB exquisitively rendered, after 'which the visitors were delighted by a violin selection,, ' Celebrated Minuet,' by Masters P. M'Sharry, ' G. Cotter, J. Connellan, 0. Parkinson, W. Mullins, J. Molloy, N. Went zel, B. Wentzel. A ohorus was thenext item, ' Departure ' and ' The Victor's Return,' Mendelsohn by the college choir. There was a duet (piano and organ)— a selection from Maritana— which gave general satis . faction and did the performers' masters, G. Sander and A. Moore, great credit. The scenes from Shakespeare that followed con sisted of the ghost and other scenes ? from 'Hamlet,' and the performers i ' were Hamlet, Master A. De Lambert ; the King, Master M. Neil; Laertes, Master G. Slattery. Others that took part in these scenes were Masters Kearins, P. M'Sharry, G. Cotter. L, Williams, and they gave much satisfaction. The second part of the programme opened with a duet ' What are the Wild Waves Saying ?' by Masters W. Kelly and J. Gillis and they rendered it with nice ex pression. Choruses followed, 'Sweet and ' Low' and 'The Old Brigade' bv the college choir. Then followed a piano ' solo ' Moonlight on the Danube' by Master G. Samson. The entertainment finished with the Shakespearian scenes that bore good' evidence .of the Brothers' training. 1 The Cardinal's Speech. At the conclusion of the programme, hi8 Eminence the Cardinal, on rising, was greeted with much applause. His Eminenc6 said he had been invited to distribute th° prizes of St. Josephfs College o the young / students present. Butbefore doing so he feU5 that' it was, no less than his duty to con gratulate the young men that furnished the excellent entertainment he had witnessedjon the stage that afternoo'h. He was greatly pleased with both the acting and the sing ing, and he did not hesitate to say that in all departments it was quite in aooord with the good work that characterised^ the past year at St., Joseph's College, which had gratified him extremely. But it was not1 only in their own school that the pupils had shown their mettle and their progress ; in outside competitions, when they met sturdy rivals from other schools, they had held thfeir own famously, and proved a 1 ; oredi'. to their teachers.' Ho wished them every suo'cess in the futuro, and he, was pleasod^to see thorn preparing for the ooming oontosts in the world. He was* absolutely 1 ' ? assured that Australia was destined to be great, and it was only right that the young fclpod of the country— in whoso hands would lay' the power that their fathers gradually relinquished to them— should thoroughly pro pare to attain their destiny, and sot their , ' ' ? - country among the nations of the world. ' And whilst on this subject, he was reminded that during the past few weeks the Anglipan congress here, and another denominational congress in Melbourne, oast a great slur on the citizens of Australia by stigmatising them immoral, intemperate, and laying upon them a host of other vices be sides, So it was that from this plat form he would, brand that accusation as a base calumny. (Great applause). He was moved to the use of strong terms by the injustice of the slur that was utterly and completely devoid of truth. For his own part be would not hesitate to say from his own experience — experience widened by travel, with exceptional opportunities of noticing the inner character of the country — that Australians are remarkable for temperance, and that as a whole' they are a giffced people, intelligent beyond the average of nations. He was certain that the future of Australia was safe in Australian hands. (Cheers). He was/Spurred to these words by the cowardly attacks that to him seemed perhaps more ridiculous than false, being as sweeping in condemnation as they were far from the truth. Anyone who travels and witnesses any of the great popular demon strations that occur so , frequently in this country will recognise that Australians are respectable and quiet; their meetings are always noted for orderliness, harmony, and the absence of rioting. Furthermore, it was significant that very little intemperance marked these demonstrations. ' He was sorry to efay that in other countries this was not the case, and such demonstrations were made but the excuse for license and intemperance. Here, however, the day always went with the best of good humour, and ended unmarred by ' rowdiness. In thousands of other ways he could bear testi mony to the virtues of Australiaiis. Speak ing now in detail and touching on Catholic citizens he was well pleased to see all over the land earnestness ? and piety. No matter where a mission commences, the news swiftly travels through the district, and distance prevents none from coming, and often the attendances are enor mous. This, he ? might say, . is a peculiar feature of Australia; but, perhaps, there was a similar one he would like to refer to. His Auxiliary Bishop had j list returned from a tour through the country which had lasted three months, and he said it was remarkable that wherever Bishops held a visitation the whole of the people turn out from far and near to welcome them — Protestants, Wes leyans, and all denominations mingling with the Catholics— and all creeds united to make the visit as pleasurable as possible. (Cheers.) In all good works we find the friendliest and the most unselfish feeling between all denominations, nnd all put their hands in unison to any good or onaritable labour. So with this fact in mind, and also remembering that at all public meetings . there is ever the spirit of order he thought 'this showed that Australians are not as their maligners would have them. And now he thought that the pupils of St. Joseph's College would like him to give them some example to follow in their future life, and to-day he, would wish to take his example, from the dead lying ,under sods almost newly turned. He re-, ferred to a .young Australian who had died about three month3 ago— a young Australian of whom Queensland is very proud — the late Premier of- that country1, Mr. Byrne. He was a Catholic, ancl'by industry, peraoveranoe and honesty he won his way to honour, and when he died his character was found bo beyond reproach that no one single political rival of his had any word to say, of him but praise. His devotedness to duty was as remarkable as his integrity, and he would quote him as a model for all Australians to follow-— a model for the students of St. Joseph's. to bear in mind and imitate. It isa grand thing to find when a $oung man retires from politics that his rivals Recognise his merits, and this fact alone bore sufficient tostimony to the ohar acter that won praise from all. With these remarks it would give him pleasure to distribute the prizes, hoping the young men of that collego would bear in mind that in their hands lay the future honor of Aus ' tralia. (Continuous applause. ) Mr. F. Clarke proposed a vote of thanks' to his Eminence for presiding that evening. But more especially did he thank him for defending the youth and oitizens of Aus tralia. Mr. Devitt seconded the motion which was oarried with aoolamation. His Eminence then distributed the prizes, af tor which refreshments were served in the refectory. Pjiihe List. Senior and Matriculation Class.— Good obnduot, William Mullins ; aggregate merit, John Try ; Christian doctrine, William Mullins ; European history, Joseph Boyl son ; English and English literature, John Try ; Inorganic chemistry, John Try ; Latin (senior), John Try ; Latin (matriculation), Claude M'Carney ; Frenoh, John Try j arith. motio, John Try ; algebra, Joseph Boylson . geometry, John Try ; trigonometry, Claude M'Carney ; applied mechanics, John Try ; penmanship, William Mullins ; shorthand, Claude M'Carney. Sub-senior Class, —Good conduct, George Raunders ; aggregate merit, George Saunders; Christian doctrine, George SaunHers ; Euro pean history, Thomas Carroll ; English and English literature, George Saunders ; inor ganic chemistry, Gforgo Saundera ; Latin, Patrick M'Sharry ; French, Philip Ruth ven ; arithmetic and mensuration, Thomas Car roll ; algebra, Philip Ruth ven ; geometry, Philip Ruth ven ; trigonometry, George Saun ders ; applied mechanics, George Saunders. Junior Class;, — Good conduct, Christian Mittelheuser, 2nd Harold Worthington ; ag gregate, Jos. MSSullea, 2nd Herbert Ruthven ; hristian doctrine, Norman Gibert ; Eng lish, William Moylan ; English essay, Francis M'Veigh; grammar, Gerald Griffin'; Latin, Gerald Griffin; French, Joseph M'Sullea ; arithmetic, Janu-s Cusack ; algebra, first division, Thomas Alpon ; algebra, second division, Roger Baker; geometry, Joseph Campbell ; history, Christian Mittelheuser ; geography., Francis M'Veigh ; chemistry, Joseph M'Sullea ; reading, George Cotter ; writing, Leslie Brown ; shorthand, Francis M'Veigh. Fourth class.— Good conduct, Edward Honan ; aggregate, Arthur Haynes ; Chris tian doctrine, Gregory Slattory ; English history, Thomas Maher ; sacred history, Sidney Doneloy ; English composition, Edward Honan ; English grammar, Peter Egan ; orthography, Francis Tucker ; read ing, Thomas Nestor ; penmanship, Francis Tucker ; geography, Thomas Maher : arith« metic, Edward Honan ; algebra, Timothy Foley ; genmntry, John Gillis, Arthur Haynos, equal ; book-keeping, Cecil Haynes, Joseph Cheval, equal ; Latin, Arthur Haynes ; French, Francis Tucker ; drawing, Joseph Choval ; shorthand, Joseph Choval ; singing^ Gregory Slattery. Fifth , class. — Good conduct, Joseph Kenny ; aggregate merit, John McPadden ; Christian doctrine, Francis Benson ; sacred history, Edward McQuellin ; English his tory, Robert Allen ; English composition, Arthur JVJcIiugh ; English grammar, Joseph Kenny ; orthography, Robert Allen ; retfd ing, Joseph Kenny ; penmanship, John Molloy ; geography, Arthur Cavzor ; arith metic, Robert Allan; algebra (higher divi sion), John MoPadden ; algebra .(lower division). Nicholas Moore ; geometery, Henry Hade; book-keeping, Edward O'Con nell; Latin, John McPadden; French, Robert Alien; drawing, John McPadden; Bhorthand, Thom.is Leahy ; singing, Joseph Konny. Sixth class.— Gnnrl conduct; John Coman ; aggregate merit, lat prize George Griffiths, 2nd Francis Mulholland, 3rd Alfred New ton ; Christian- dootrine, 1st prize John, Monckton, 2nd John Keeshan ; saored historv, Thomas McMahon ; English his 1 ory, Peter Rovei-co' ; reading, Arthur Liddy ; English grammar, Thomas Byrno ; English composition, Josoph Connellan ; orthography, S.ulney Rignoy, Michael Rearing, roq ; geo graphy, Ambrosn ByrneR ; penmanship, Leslie M'Phillamy ; arithmetic, Francis Avery, Randolph Bright, -juq. ; ajgebra, George Griffiths, Josoph Connellan, icq. ; geometry, Franois Mulholland ; bookkeep ing. Francis M 'Sweeney ; French, Harold Bishop, .AmbroHo ByrnoR, icq. ; drawing, Otto Parkinson ; shorthand, Alfred Newton ; singing, Otto Parkinson. Seventh Class.— Good oonduot, Roger Meffernan ; aggregate merit, 1st prize Leslie Williams, 2nd Claude Fitzpatriok ; Christian 'dootrine, 1st prize John Hookon, 2nd Pat rick Ryan ; Sacred history, Herbert Byo ; English history, William M'Hugh ; gram mar, Cyril Newton ; geography, Daniel Sul livan ; arithmetic, Leslie Williams ; 'read ing, John ? Devlin ;? book-keoping, Claude Fitzpatriok; English composition, Roger Heffornan ; drawing, William Worthington ; penmanship, John Daylin ; shorthand, 1st prize Olaiic'e Fitzpatriok, 2nd James Dun oan ; singing, Joseph Sheerin. Eighth Class.— Good oonduot, Frederick Miirray; aggregate merit,*] st prize Clifton Luokey, 2nd Denis Daly, 3rd Reginald Gray ; Christian dootrine, Josoph Hagney ; eaored history, Cooil Parker ; English history, Randall M'Donnell ; reading, Cecil Soatqn l grammar, Frederiok Murray f English oom position, Horaco Digney ; orthography, Reginald Gray ; geography, Denis Daly ; .arithmetic : first division, Edward Monck ton ; second division, Frederick Smidmoro ; writing, Clifton Luokoy ; drawing, Alfrod Fullott ; singing, Michael O'Noill. J Ninth Class.— Good oonduot, Albert Miller ; aagrogato merit, Albert Miller 1, Harold Allen 2, William Miller 3 ; Christian doctrine, Alborl- Miller; Hacrod history, William Miller ; roading : first division, Harold Allen ; soconrl division, Albert Brown ; singing, Gerald O'Neill ; ortho-* graphy : first division, Harold Hagnoy ; second division, Robert Darge; arithmetic : first division, Herbert O'Mullane ; second division, Francis Lahiff; drawing: first division, Claude Pearson ; second division, Francis Ryan ; writing : first division, Gerald O'Neill ; second division, Robert *^ Darge; geography, Albert Miller; grammar, Harold Allen. Pitman's certificates for shorthand were . ?? awarded to J, Herring, J, M'Carcey, G. Quinan, A. Lundin, N. Dale, J. Garry, J. O'Donohue. . Typewriting. — First division, William Kellv ; second division, John Molloy ; third division, Arthur M'Kay ; fourth division, Cecil Caaey. Musical Section. — Piano: First section, excellence, George Saunders ; improvement, Alfred Moore; second section, 1st prize , George Samson, 2nd Joseph M'SuJlea; third section, lat prize George Griffiths, ? 2nd James Carroll. Singing, William Kelly. Violin: Primary, 1st prize, James Duncan, 2nd John Hockton; junior, 1st prize Thomas M'Mahon, 2nd Cecil Casey ; intermediate, 1st prize Joseph Con-, nellan, 2nd Otto Parkinson ; senior, '. 1st prize Patrick M'Sharrry, 2nd George Cotter. ' Special prizoa.— jCollego good conduct medal, William Mullins. German, 1st prize Otto Parkinson, 2nd Sidney Doneley. ? , . College Band.' — First section, 1st prize Claude M'Carney, 2nd Philip Ruthven ; second division, 1st prize Alfred Moore, 2nd John Molloy. , - ' ' College Choir. — First section, 1st prize , Grogory Slattery, 2nd Edward Honan j second division, 1st prize Arthur Sheerin, 2nd Joseph Shobrin. ? ' . ' ? ' Sports Prizes. — Swimming : First Divi sion, 120yds Handicap, James Scanlan ; second division, 100yds Handicap, Herbert Ruthven ; third division, 60yds Handicap, Hugo Bogan. Diving: Second division, John Gillis; third division, Edwin Bogan. \\. 