ft FEUD OF '96 COMFZETJB Itf TIPO ItfSTALMmTS. by GERTRUDE ATHERTON. fCOPYBIOT.J ' CHAPTER I.- SO IKE BRANDT died uekin1 to' be buried (in Round t "That's np.t'ral enough. Onco a Round Valley man, alius a Round Valley man — dead orlivin'. He got liis wifo there, too and she's done well by- know who did the "Jest as well you don't. Truth's easier than lyin', when the sheriff comes askin' ques- f tions." Well, I can say I dunno fast enough, but I'm suspioioniti' all the same, Hick." ' Look out," Maid tho other darkly. It ain't safe to think too loud theso times." He opened the door of tho cabin and glanced uneasily forth. Had his vision been Younger the black recesses of tho forest would have told it nothing. The hour was seven, but tho forest wus on a mountain and its trees were pines, its roof a mass of curved uplifted lacing arms. He olosed the door and returned to tho younger man who stood with Ijjb back to tho fireplace, his brows drawn together, staring at the floor. He . wore top boots and the rough mountaineer's costume ; but his beard and hair were euro- fqlly trimmed, and his flannel 'shirt was fastened with a 9murtbluo tie ; Tom Knowlcs was known on tlie Long Itidgo as a bit of a dude. Tho old man sat down and filled a pipe. Who be yo suspicionin' ?" he asked after an evident effort to suppress' curiosity. " John Howard himself." ; Wh— a — t ?" The other 'was too over come for expletive.- He sat staring at Knowlcs with lips dropping away from his pipe. John Howard was tlie cattle king of Long Ridge, tho biggest man in North , Mendocino and South Trinity. " But he ain't never in these parts," added Hick, after a moment. "Leastways ho ain't 'been for two year or more." "I seen him not twenty minutes bofore the murder within half a mile nf Iko's much. He wus aionej and he was skulkin' among the trees." "But how'd you be sure 'twas him. Lt must have beon dark enough by then—1 'twist six aud seven." "I was closer to him than I am to you. He didn't. see me, I was lyin' on the ground —hud been asleep ; T oponcd my eyes, and there, 'most walkin' over mo, was John Howard. He was on his colt, Trinity, the ono thut cow-puncher of bis, Ham Slack, broke iu for trail followin'. Ho had on a light gray suit and what they call down to Weaver a Cheviot shirt — they come from New York, and are fine enough for a woman's Sunday frock— and a straw hat with a dark ribbon round it. He looked mor'n as if ho was goin' to call on his best girl than to do murder, only he was scowlin' black as , and them steel blue eyes of bis was bard as glass." "But ho ain't the man to dirty his hands with killin' mountain folk. Ono of his cow- punchers could do the business for him, and wo risk run anywhere. Git out. I ain't goin' to believe Mr. Howard's auy such doggoned fool us that." Ike had killed his boss cow puncher, there ain't much. doubt about that." . \- ..".Well— good lord !" "And he's given him more trouble than all the anti-Howards put together. If it hadn't been for Ike— to my mind, and I've good reason for tliinkin' so— Mr. Howard's cattle would be browsin' in Round Valley this minute. If it warn't Ike Brand that started the whole foud then I'll engage to drop six ' Howard cow-punchers myself — and I'm a law- abidin' citizen." The old man rattled his pipe among his large brown infrequent teetb. A coal fell on his ragged beard, but burnt its way unheeded. Hickory Mott was something of a hermit ; his wife was dead, his children married. Tlie nearest house was four miles away. Ho dearly loved a bit of gossip ; and gOBSip 011 Long Ridge, these days, had much of tho early Californian flavour. . "I want ter know," he said eagerly. " Do tell rao. He's dead now— poor Ike— so it can't hurt." " It's ju6t what I've picked up hero and there, puttin' two and two together. Ike was as peace-lovin' aud law- abidin' as any of us, in spite of that ugly temper of his. He nov-r cared for whisky, loved to hear. Sally play tho planner und sit with his wife - by the fire in in the evemn's while she mended, or outside and watch the sun set in summer. There warn't no happier homestead on Loug Ridge, and that's sayin' a good deal. But when Mr. Howard's cattle took to appropriatin' Round Valley, and theu the hull range, and when six families in succession was prevented one way and another from comin' and sottlin' 011 the. Ridge, then his dander got up and he couldn't do nothin' for a . solid year but talk about it. Ofcourso everybody wus talkin', but he had the most to say. Then all of a sudden he shut up ; never had another word _ to say about the business. Now, I'vo good reason to think thut ho picked his men — \- among that gaug the rest of us let alone, and who are alwuys spoilin' for a fight— and organised a regular feud. First, I surmise, they only intended to kill the cattlo ; but from cattle to roeu ain't a long stride when blood's up, and now the anti-Howards' got twelve, murders to their account,, aud the Howards' ten." .The old man heaved a profound sigh. " Long. Ridge ain't what it used to be," ho said. "It's a 'tarnal shume, too. Three year ago a woman could ride alone from one end of Long Ridge to t'other and be safer'n if she war in 'Jfasco, but she'd better stop to < hum' now. - Blood and graves is gettin' too thick on the Ridge. The only girl one sees a mile from anywhere these days is Sally Brandt. She don't seem to bo afraid of outhin'. I root her on tho Divide the other day, and told Hor she had better inako tracks for hum bofore it got dark, ' but sho only laughed iu ray ,faco. Be you thinkin' of marryin' Snlly P" ' v Tho other drew his brows together. ; "I ain't got no obance. Thut sohool-murm and too muoh book-leurnin' has spoilt Sully for rough mountain men. When she was sixteen she wus just perfect, but that's four year ago; und she's awful changed." . " Yes, sbo be, sho be. But she's got to. nuiri-y sometime, and I'd like to know what cbancu hut the likes of you she'll over get up here. She's never even been to Weaver only once. Howsomovor, got any more to tell . about Brand and the feud ?" "Only this—that Howard's a mighty smart chup if he is a dude and don't- know how inuoh money he's got. You can he sure that he's found out long xbeforo this . who his .worst enemy was, and to sitdowu and be walked over ain't his style. Ike's life had been attempted three times before, you remember. Howard got tired of bunglin' cow-pupohers ; that's the long and Bhort of , it-" r' "It sounds about right. It sounds about right.- But'I can't git round to thinkin' that Mr. Howard'd do anything . underhand— at least he wouldn't crawl up behind a man and shoot him. Howsomevor, be ye going to tell Tim Lathroj) yer suspicions when he comes round inquirin' ?" ' "Not I.. I'd have a bullet in mo before 'sundown, Don't you shoot off your mouth, neither. Leastways, don't give me away. Well, s' long. I'll bring you over the papers in a day or two, soon's as the old man . gets through. They're still hacking at tho Armenians, but Venezuela's takm' a rest. .Guess Graver kuowe what he's about." "Keep your pistol' handed,"- said the old -man, following him out. " It's awful hard to tell who'e who in these woods at night, and you might' be took for a Howard. The . hull ridge'li be just ffild to-morrow." Knowlcs laughed and sprang on his horso. " Oh, my pistol's always handy these times," he said, and rodo rapidl/ through tho shadows, . bis keen mountain eyes keoping his horse to the narrow trail without a second's reflection. He cantered aloug easily for four miles, then turned liis'horso at a cross trail and urged it up a steep grade. In a few moments bo oame upon a large clearing, in tho foreground of which was a spacious log house, surrounded by u flower gavden. Behind wero wheat fields, an orchard, und a vogetuble garden. In an enclosuro on a slope close to the forest a number of cows lay in their first slcop. It looked the homo of a prosperous farmer, a bright oasis in the blaok wilderness of pines. A number of horses were tethored to the fence that cnolosed the little garden of geraniums, fuchsias, aud roses. Knewles sprang to the grouud, tethered his horse, and went vapidly up the walk. Tho door opened and a girl looked out. " Is that you, .Tom Knowles?" sho asknd coldly. "The coroner has been here twenty minutes, and everything is waiting for you." " You dou't mean it. I'm that sorry. I made sure he couldn't get here before nine." " Well, ho did. Plcuso go into the parlour." Knowlcs held out his band, but she turned her back und wulked down the hull. He opened tho door of a room ou the right, and. entered. It was b large room,' with a set of red plush furniture ranged stilfly along walls that were papered und further decorated with framed lithographs from Christmas weeklies. All of the chairs and tho two sofas were occupied by men dressed in the rough garb of a mountaineer. Sorao of tho faces were pale ; all worn stern. Tho room wus lit by thrco smoking lamps. On a long table in the : middle of the room lay a dead bi-dy covered with a slicct. Knowlcs saluted the coroner, and stood against tho wall : there was no vacant cluur. The coroner rose und cleared his throat. "Socing as Mr. Knowles has come," lie said, " we might as well get to business. If any one present has any information to communi cate about this outrageous affair, will he please rise and communicate the Mime ?" There was' 110 answer. Two or three men moved uneasily. "No; I thought not. You're all too afraid of your precious skins." One of tlie men sprang to his foot. He wus a man of middle years, with a fraulc eye and powerful jaw. ' "There ain't no cowardice about t.liisyere matter, Mr. Coroner. We ain't tellin' nothin' because we aiu't got nothin' to tell. But wo propose to hnvo a good deal to tell later. This feud bctweon cow-punchers was bad enough, but wo kop' out of it because it was none of our business, and all wo'vo been askin' heretofore is to prosper a little, and raiso our families and live and dio in iionee. But now that one of us and as good a mun us ,ever came outer Houud Valley, has been shot down at his own door by oue of Howard's murclerin' blackguards, we've come to tlie conclusion that's it's time to git a movo on. Iu short, Mr. Cordner, wo propose to take this investigation in hand, andwc don't need tlie assistance of coroners, nor of sheriffs neither. Axin' yer pardon, sir, but that's tho way we feel about it ; aud it's only kind to tell yo. for you waste valuable time ovory time you come up here, to say nothin' of the! fact that the corpse is usually decomposed. This time it aiu't, as you happened to be visitin' ou the Divide, but it don't tell yo.u nothin' all the same. To-morrow night wo alls goin' to take Ike down to Round Valley and bury him ; and after that 110 work'U be dono ou Long Ridge until the murdorcr's found. That's all." , The coroner smiled slightly, but looked at the big mountaineer with some deference. " And may I hope, Mr. White," he asked, "that when yon have found him you will turn him over to the authorities of Weaver?" Tliero was u low murmur, und.Wliite stood up again. "No," ho said grimly. "The less you hope the less you'll be disappointed. There's too many murderers unhung in Cali fornia now. When wo git our mau we'll attend to him without troublin'.. Weaver." "But I hope," said tho ooroner, hastily, " that you will do nothing rash. Pray bo sure that you have got the right mun before you lynch him. You are taking a foarful responsibility." "We're equal to it. And we'll tako blamed good caro we're 110b kaiigiu' the wrong inau." The coroner shrugged his shoulders. He was not sorry to bo rid of tho case. He hud beon called to Long Ridge too frequently of late, and would not have beeu sorry if its inhabitants had taken the whole matter of the feud into their own hands, aud kept their proceedings us dark as their forests. "Very well," ho said. "Mr. Thompson, as foreman of the jury, will you kindly bring in the verdict?". . An elderly mun stood up, glanced about, and upon lieiug reassured by many emphatic nods,'8uid : " Tliore ain't but one opinion, and it's this : Ike Brandt was murdered und as there's only two parties as ismurdoriu' these days— Howurds and onti-lloivnrds — and us ho wus au uuti-Howard there aiu't no doubt about liis having beon murdered by a Howard. That's all." " Thanks. The deceased, Ike Brandt, met his death ut the hands of an enemy ut present unknown. Good evening, sirs. I hope you may bo more fortunate than I have been. I will send tho certificate in due course." "Evenin', sir." He left the room. Knowles looked over ' his head into the passage, thon closed tho door and wulked to tho foot of the corpso. For a moment ho did not Bpeak hut stood scanning cacli face iu turii. The men stirred uneasily. In tlie spurting flames of tho badly trimmed lumps tho corpse, seemed to movo. Through the open window cumo the low monotonous chant of tlie pines. " Fellow citizens," said Knowles impres sively, "I sco that I um among friends. I have an important communication to mako." . OH AFTER II. ' At four o'oldek next morning Sally Brandt let herself softly out of tho house. She went to tho barn, suddled a 'mustang, nnd was: loading it through tho garden when a window wkh thrown open and a woman's head, the; face swollen with weeping, wus thrust forth. "Sally Brandt,", the woman oricd,, hoarsely, "where be you goin' at this hour iu- the moroin' ?" "I'm sorry I awakened- you,- mother," replied Miss Brandt, composedly. "But I knew thut tho Hills and the Porrvs and the ! Speors would want to . come to father's funeral, und as I couldn't sleep I thought I'd go und toil them myself." , , " But laud sakes, girl, it's a ride.of twenty mile and moro. . You'll bo in nice trim to ride twenty more to Round Valley to- night, with your poor father's corpse. Seems to me you're alius doin' quoor things these days." j " You know that seine days I am in the, saddle for . twelve hours at a stretoh. This! won't hurt mo. Besides, when I got to , the! Percy's, I oan ask Henry to go ou and tell tho, others. Now, go to bed and try to sloop." ' Mrs. Brandt slammed tho window, and Sally Bprang to tho mustang's baok and rodo rapidly into the forest. The whito mist of. early morning was there, giving a certain! vagueness to the tall bluok trees; and both wero motionless. It was like entering ghost- land, tho girl thought, with a little shuddor and a tightening of tho lips. Her own face was as whito as tho fog, and her blaok lashes wore only half responsible for the darkness surrounding her eyes. In ordinary conditions, ' Sally Brandt would have developed into u handsome, hozel-oyed, black-haired mountain girl, and nothing more; those of the better olass were bhxbm creatures, with -a striking uniformity of figure and complexion, what ever their variety of eyo and hair." But four years ainoo tho clevor and lonely' district' schooltenoher had first taken a fancy to Sally's pretty ehy ways, and then discovered thut muoh could ho done With her mind. Sally quickly devolopcd intolleotual ambi tion, an iusutiuble love of books — for whioh her futhcr Bent to Sau Franoiseo by the dozen — and a habit of thinking. Hours of study, when othor girls wore in the fields, had sharpened hor features somewhat and drawn tho blood from hor oheoka ; but hor eyes sparkled with intelligence, and on her brow and in the carriage of her fine figure there was a certain noble arrogance which would hnvo inado her salient in a oity. In these wilds she was us abiding a suhjeot of gossip and disapproval as John Howard, tho high handed cattle king. . \- She had kept her health' by long daily rides, and, in consequence, know every trail of tho forest; she was in no danger of losing herway, even in a heavy fog. Sho rode along rapidly, -the mist oldsing behind hor, the trees starting into shape before and on either side. But. gradually the fog began to sway gently, then to move softly to the west ; then, abruptly it went with a rush, uud into the wide blaok uisles of the forest struck tho first shafts of the. sun. ' . . The mustang, shied slightly, and Miss Brandt gavo a swift glance to the right; three rough mounds roso there; beneath were recent victims of the feud: .She gave tho mustang a sharp taste of the whip and he started on a hard run, the small hund at the bridlo keeping him to tho nurrow trail. But suddenly he was pulled up so short that ho danced for a moment on his hind legs, then , came dtjwn to all fours with an angry snott. Another ridor was approncliing leisurely through tho trees. It wus a man, and ho wore "a fashionably out suit of gray, tweed and a straw hut. He lifted tho hat as he recognised Miss Brandt, und spurred liis horse ; liis cold, watchful eves— the eyes of the American before whom millions are ever passing in review — flashed with a warm fire, and liis thin, set face worked and flushed. Miss Brandt had turned a shade paler, and, us he reined up beside licr, pretended to ignore his outstretched hand. "You are angry with me yet," he said eagerly. "That is the reason I have not gone back. I stayed with the Porcys, and Knve been riding half tho night " " Are you mud ?" eho asked. " You must. he to liavo como up here at all " " I uin afraid I um " "No moro of that, please." Then as he smiled sho added huBtily, " Of course you liavo not heard." -" Heard what ?" " Wlmt happened a few minutes after you loft 1110 tho other evening." ' "I rode fifteen miles without stopping when I left you the other evening." "My father wus shot down in his own corral, and died a few hours later." " Good God ! And by. one of my men, I suppose?" Sho made no reply, but averted her face. " If I expressed the sympathy I feel," he said, after a moment, "you Would probably care us little for it us you do for my love. Of course, you regard me ua practically your father's murderer." The blood flew to lier hair, nnd her dilated eyes swept the forest on all sides. " I forgot for tho moment," she stammered. "That was wliut I came out for, to find you if I could, and warn you. I listened to the coroner's jury last night— I couldn't help it ; the men — thoy were all friends of father's— said that they wore going to take matters into their own . hands, . trail the ipountuins 'until tiioy found the murderer, and lynch him. i After the coroner had gone out, Tom Knowles told them that ho had seen you near tho house a few miuutcs before, the murder, and before he got through ho made them all believe that you did it. Thoy'll bury fathor to-night and then they'll find out if you've gone baok to Weaver, and if you have thoy'll' go down in a body nnd tako you out of, your house ut night and lynch you. I want you -to go to 8un Francisco and stay, there until they've found the right man." ' . - "Tom Knowles is in love with you, I sup pose?" " Yos, I think he is." "And he has doubtless seen' us together." "I am afraid he lias," . "If his lifo hud been threatened, would you liavo taken this risk to warn him?" "No." Her face was again averted, but she flushed deeply. , Ho put his long arm round her suddenly, holding her so tightly that slio could not movo, and bringing his face close to liers. "Then you do lovo me," he said deliberately. " Otherwise you would have beeq glad to see me lynched, for liko all the rest you rogurd mo as. tho enemy of tho entire district. You might have heard me out day before yesterday before treating me us if I wero a libertine for whom lynohing would be tougood " .She was trembling, but she looked him steadily iu the eyes. "Do you mean to tell me," she asked, " thut yon intended to ask mo to marry you —then? You do now, perhaps; you are different this morning, somehow; but the other day— I'll not believe " "I won't uudortuko to say what Iintended to do the other day. I followed you up hero because, although I only met you twico in Weaver, you attruotod me moro than any woinun I hud evor met ; I hardly knew haw much until you had gone. Then I followed yuu, driven by impulse onty. I lmd no intention of being" precipitate. During our first four meetings you certainly had nothing to complain of. Night before hist I lost my houd. The forest, tho hour, and yourself justified it. I am not going to say any more by way of explanation. Will you many me?" " I am not your sooial equal. Your fine friends in Sun Franoisoo would hot receive me " . " Wouldn't they P I Bhonld liko to seo any of tliom turn the cold shoulder ou my wife. You know tho world. vory little, my dear. I will tako you; abroad, and in a year's time you will be Bmnrter than any of them. You'd do woll enough now,"- he added hastily. "Lob it eonsole you to know that several of our fungi are shaky on their grammar." She turned hor head restlessly. .'It' had come, too suddenly. She wanted time to think. "But you must go now," she said. " Every ininuto adds to the dang<jj— — " "If you go with.mo." ! But sho shook her head with, decision this time. , ' "That is out' of the question. / 1 cannot desert my . mother. You woiild- not have muoh faith in me if I did. Aftor the. fiinoral — I'll— I'U-see." . " I'm ' not going oh any such vague promise as thut. I'll Stay at Ferry's- " "No, no 1 "I Her voice rose. to a soroam. "You must get out of .hose mountains us quiok as you oan. Have you no fear atoll?" He'hesitated. He knew the temper of mon, even good- men, ' when possessed of a fixed idea. and determined to lynoh. But he had hold his life in his hand more than, once, and patting the uncertainty of woman's affections out of the question, ho did not relish the idea of showing his heels. , Iu a moment he re plied: . . I am going homo with you now, and I shall go to the funeral to-night." . , . .rio be oondjiudkd.j' . ) 