ECHOES AND RE- ECHOES. REVERBERATIONS. [By Hugh Kalyptus.l \- t-jjjJSt^ hJSTS: imVitvl fa g f t , of dry, hard figures, w a n ^ ?, th the breath of his eI °- ^^usiaeiic is he that I he would muster his whole J- t t e r Still > the city Co^^ do thpm a« w * tiicm, off®a E KiSll a CnfiC0 on T , ^e altar of Sanitary Llke , Avtcmus Ward, who was to support the cause in war, if he oad to sacrifice ail his wife's relations, Councillor Sellar throws his whole soul tnto tbe crematorium, even at tne risk of us being reduced to ashes. I wish him iraent support in what appears to me a most rational movement. As a matter of sentiment, what is the difference betwean aus t ' ashes? The latter, no doubt, is Much <Seaner, and would look nicer in a classical urn. It is' positively revolting to see the rows upon rows of neglected graves cemetery, and the thoughtless multi- -ude standing on the grass-covered mounds 5vep the bones of the dead to watch with Morbid curiosity the interment of the latest-arrived corpse. There would • be up thing of that sort of thing in connection with a crematorium; and how much more aesthetic would be the severely classical sanctuary, wiui its rows of graceful urns of different design's, containing the ashes of the dead, with suitable inscriptions, than the muster of weatherbeaten monuments, tombstones, and rank-and-file of slovenly graves in a weed-infested cemetery. In a climate like ours the stuffy mourning-coach occupied by people -who may have been .attending the sick for weeks, and breathing the atmosphere o£ disease, must be a menace to health,,, and some of our funefa.1 observances, to my mind are only fit for. fanatical, superstition-burdened India: The male friends sind acquaintances"-of. the departed getting together in the mournirigtooaches and cabs generally relieve the monotony ot the slow journey to the grave by talking of anything b ut*tj^yirt«gs of the deceased; in fact theJp^l^l^^piTersation commonly takes theSSfeeti(ft%f shares or the latest test cricket match,' and carries other mundane matters upon its current. At a public funeral the bland,* conciliatory manner in which' people almost perfect strangers' will nod anu smile at the reporter taking names has an element of comedy in it.. On those occasions the reporter appears-to have the whole world kin—till the list is. out in the paper m the morning. Taking names round the m e is something of a farce, oecause mere spectators, who have strolled up out of morbid curissity, and do not even know the name of the defunct, are gathered into the record. I remember a case of some people follow- ; ing.in.a cab the funeral of a friend, on a ftarfully hot day, dropping down a side street to get a refresner, with the intention of vpicKing up the cortege at Westterrace. They did so, but on getting to the grave found that they had swelled the procession of the wrong funeral, having missed their own. The ghost of their neglected friend : Haunted them ever afterwards. was vastly entertained by the peroration of a junior member of the Bar, who was devoting all his eloquence to the enumeration ot the delinquencies of the respondent in a petition by the wife for dissolution of marriage before the Chief Justice recently, lie had got through tiic preliminaries, and was giving an outline of. the evidence he proposed to .call on behalf of the.petitioner. "I will show that the respondent came home late on a certain' occasion and left the house in a condition' which your Honor will understand-after a night of debauch." At the late £JL Show a particular kind of plum .was exhibited, the correct name •«'f which; was Keine. Claude de Bavay, but the rendering on the card was Bain* Clod the Baby, rather a liberal translation. Most mothers consider their babies plums, and so do the fathers. llaterfamilias ought to ackno the championship of Mr. Justice Bufide>% who, in giving judgment in a recent appeal case strongly deprecated the repudiation by the husband of the special agency of the wife in a delicate matter of household management. His Honor considers that when a man eats the meat of the butcher .and the bread of tne baker knowingly, and not bothering about the ordering of the same, he should stump up when the bill! comes in. Also, as Mr. Hamp put it, he -cannot with dignity refuse to pay the •wages of the domestic whose services he has tacitly accepted, even though she was not -personally hired by him, but by his wife. As Mr. Justice Bundey pnt it, if every servant had to go to the master to itake service, the domestic arrangements .of thp colony would be upset. He is quite right. We do not want Spoopendykes and' Mantilinis'any more than we. yearn for the new woman. Mantilini was a flabby, matured. dude who turned the mangle and condemned the work as "demotion hard." Spoopendyke was a fad' dist, with a temper like a Tasmania!! devil—he was always taking a hand in thedomestic economy, and making a hash of it; but then he had a wife who, instead of giving him the rounds of the kitchen,, meekly followed him to the bitter end of his blunder, and suggested the proper ' inode when it was too late. When Spoopendyke was building a- henhouse his patient wife stood outside meekly holding the nails until he had built himself iu, • when she mildly remarked "JJaft ain't' yon going to make a door?" whereupon Spoopendyke in a tearing . rase kicked himself a passage, out, and left the henhouse in rums. Mr. Justice Bundey considers that the capable housewife . should be mis tress of her own domain. As a_ matter of fact, most men, smart enough in business, are awful asses in the house when the wife's away. I remember being a grass widower, once with a brother-inlaw for a mate, for. a fortnight, and we ordered sausages every day ot the butcher because they were the only kind of birds we knew how to cook, and they did. not require plucking.' Xbc butcher used to come—"Any orders for to-day, sir?" and I, with an air of groat deliberation, wouid cogitate a moment, and say "'Yes, I think we'll have a pound or two of sausages." After the first week, the butcher used to cover his mouth with a hand like a ham to corneal his emotk i;, and the last day of the fortnight we made a desperate dash at n. change, but were martyrs at the eteak. It was tough as a Eeehabite Secre lary, and iun>' balance-sheet. When the wife came back, the .fryingpan was dead beat, and the sausage fat was two' inches deep in it. Next time, I ajn • going to crass as a a-idower oil tinned meats. Adam started on his own, but had. so idea 'what.apple Bance was till lCve c-oolced his last meal in Eden with. Satan's recipe. 