THE NEW COOK. ' I suppose Katie thought that she would have more work to do if there was a guest in tbe house ; soon after I told ber you were com ing she wns taken sick and had to leave. Let me see— where was I P ' One of butter, two of sugar, four eggs.' Now, Margaret, you need not beat those eggs. I declare it is a shame to invite you here and tben pnt you up in the kitchen to work ! ' Here pretty Mrs. Tborne paused to take breath. Margaret looked up at her friend and laughed — a low, hearty laugh that was good to hear — and continued to beat the foaming white mass on the plate she held. If you heard Margaret Moore laugh without seeing her face you would bave an instantaneous desire to be hold it, then you would bave wished lo know the owner, uot that it was a beautiful face ; it was simply bright and happy. Her voice matched the laugh in its low, sweet tones. 11 You are the same old Lutie. 1 cannot see that a husband and a boy have changed you in the least. I am sorry for your sake that your cook is goue, but you need not worry ou my account. 1 am never so happy as when bnsy at some piece of housework, especially cooking. You must remember that 1 have had a very practical education. At home we girls always managed the bouse.' ' Tl at explains your knowing bow to do everything. Ah, Margaret, what a mistake some mothers make in bringing up their daugh ters, I am for ever in a tnuddlo of some kind. You would be surprised and shocked if I told you of some of the mistakes I have made since I bave been housekeeping. Ann it is all owing to my not having been taught when I was a girl at home. When I have a good servant every ? thing goes on very well, but it is often tbe case that I am obliged to put up with a poor one, aud she must ever remain so, for I cannot teach ber better.' There was such honest distress in ber faca that Margaret did not laugh, but helped ber with tbe cake and changed tbe subject. Supper time came, Mr. Thome was home from the bank and little Robbie from school. Margaret had made a dish of naiad, and the cake was pronounced delicious ?' I don't sea but what we can get along very well without n conk,' said Mr. Thome, helping himself a seeond time to the salad. ?' Ibat is because Margaret is here.' 'Neiermind — she is going to teach me all she knows. 1 shall surprise you yet,' said the little wife, hopefully. He laughed, rose from the table, and was about to leave the room when he drew a letter from bis pocket . 'Here is a note from Aunt Sarah, pet ; I had almost forgotten it.' Mrs. Thorne opened the icented envelope and read tbe note inside in silence, but her face was eloquent with disappointment and despair. '? What in tbe worlil is tbe matter, Luliit ?' said Margaret anxiously. ' Is anyone sick or dead p I never saw you look so hopeless,' ' Aunt Sarah aud Mary are coming hero.' 11 Is that all ?' ' Why, Margaret ! You have no idea what a horrid woman Aunt Sarah is. She and Mary come aud slay a month at a time. They are such model housekeepers that they think I ought to be tbo, and never excuse a mistake. As for Mr. Thome's aunt, Aunt Sarah thinks she is privileged to look into my closets and cupboards — and — well, you know they are al ways more or less stirred up. I do straighten things once in a while, but they won't stay that way long. I don't profess to be a model house keeper, but it is so aggravating to have ber fuss with me ! She is a regular *py, and Mary is just like her,' Having thus freed her mini Lutie tranquilly finished her supper. Tben they talked the matter over serionsly. 'In tbe first place we must get a cook at -any prioe,' said Lutie. ? '-And it is almost im possible to engage a good one at such shorb notice.'' ' If they are coming to-morrow evening it would be better to put the house in order first. Let your washerwoman come and scour every thing in the kitcheu und pantry ; you and I can see to the rest of the house, and bake up some nice things to tickle Aunt Sarah's palate.' Lutie's face brightened. ' You are just lovely ! If Aunt Sarah is neat she can't begin to cook as you do. I only wish she could taste some of your dainty disbes.' ' How long will they stay ? I do no( tbiuk you finished reading tbe letter, you were so up set.' Lntie took np tbe note and read — ' So sorry, but we can remain with you but a few days.' ' Isnt that just splendid ? I might get a girl who would be willing to come for so ehurfc n time.' ' Please mum, would I suit p' said Margaret, dropping a curtesy. ' Don't joke now, dear ; I am in BUch trouble I' ' I was never more earnest in my life.' Lutie opened her gra) eyes to their widest extent, while ber friend proceeded to explain herself. ' I bave not met your aunt and cousin, and do i ot with to. It will be such fun ! Pray, let me do it, Lutie. It has rained so since I came that no one has called, and so uo one knows I am here. I bave been playing the fine lady in town for the past six months ; it would be so refreshing to be thenewcook for a little while.' go Lutie finally consented to the plan. ' How did you enjoy your visit at your uncles P' she inquired, as they washed the dishes anil arranged the table for tbe next meal. ' Oh. it was grand, of course. They live in an elegaut mansion on one of the most fashion able streets in the city, and entertain a deal ot company. It was a great pleasure to me (o go to tbo opera. Annt insisted ou giving me all my party dresses, and I daresay I passed for a joung lady who bad been reared in tbe lap of luxury, and knew nothing uf the common duties of life.' *'A gentleman from this place, a great fiimd of ours, was in tho city last winter attending lectures. I wonder if you met him — Doctor Stone ?' Margaret's face flushed. ' Yes, he came to the house quite often. He is related to one of auut's friends, I did uot know he lived here.' ' He is not here now, and I am glad, for Aunt Sarah aud Mary will be disappointed. I have no doubt that is the obji ct of their visit. Aunt is determined Mary shall capture him, aud I am afraid tbe poor fellow will be bouud to yield.' Tbe next day was a very busy one for the two friends. When night came everything was in perfect order ; not a closet had been neg lected: It is safe to say Mrs. Thornu'e house bad never been in such a state before. Tbe pautry was filled with good things, and Lutio was fairly --dumb with astonishment at the marvellous results attained by her friend. The guests arrived late iu the evening. Aunt Sarah was one of the patronising kind of women ; Mary, a pale, languid woman of 33, whose beauty was a thing of the past, but with very girlish ways. The next morning Aunt Sarah looked with wondering eyes at tbe breakfast table.. The china and silver were the same, bnt somehow new in their, arrangement. Then when Lutio poured out the amber coffee, clear and strong, and , delioibus with rich- cream, Aunt Sarah looked really injured. If there was anything she was proud of it wos knowing Low to make good coffee. Lutie always had a leoture on this ?abject. This morning she waB forced lo ao * knowledge in her secret heart that the coffee wan superior to her owu. Then she tnrned her attention to the meat. It lay upon the table, smoking hot, a delicate piece of broiled ham with butter gravy. Then the bread —plain biscuit baked a pale brown, and corquettes made of chicken — could any thing be nicer P One thing she was certain of, however, it wbb not Lutie's doing. ' You roust have a new cook,' said Marx. ' Is she a good girl P' ' Ob, yen, very .good V answered Lutie, with a twinkle in her eye, as Margaret enterei just tben with a plate of hot biscuits. Aunt Sarah looked up and. scanned her from head to foot. * _ ' A very genteel-looking girl,' thought she, ' and the best cook Lutie ever had.' After breakfast came the tour of inspection, and Lutie laughed to herself to see how dis appointed her aunt looked as they returned to the sitting-room with no subject for a lecture. Sbe would have been still more amused if she had kuown the-resolve in that lady's mind. It was this : ' I shall offer that girl higher wages to come and live with me ' ' I am sorry Dr. Stone is not in town,' said Lutie, expecting to see ber guests look crest fallen. But Mary answered briskly — ' Oh, yes, he is ! He came in on tbe same train that we did.' ' Well, really !' said Lutie, inwardly raging. ' There ! As usual I have made a muddle, when I was so anxious that Doctor Stone should fall in love with Margaret. Now I have left the Held clear for that abominable Mary, aud Margaret in the kitchen ! What shall I do?' - . She went out to her friend and tried to per suade nor to abandon her plan. She was not successful. ' I do not see auy dai.p- ) in it. He need not see me. Let Miss Mary bave full chance, and you can repoit what headway she makes.' Uoctor Stone came and called, came again and spent the. evening with tm friends. A week passed, and the geusts said nothing about leaving. ' We are in for a month's siegw,'' groaned Lutie, in secret Soon after this the doctor called one after noon and found Lutie alone. She began tn question him about his winter iu tbe city. ' I had a friend spending tbe season there — Margaret Moore. Did you meet ber p' she asked, looking at him with innocent eyes. Tbe young man changed colour. ' Yes, I met ber very often.' ' You liked her — you could not help it,' said she, eagerly. (- I remember now that you once told me you wished I would fall in love with this friend of yours,' said be, with a sad Mnili-. ?' And so you -iid,' thought Mrs. Tborne, ex ultantly. 'Sbe is very charming,' he continued, '.' very lovely ; but she would not be the right kind of wife for me. 1 am a poor man, a physician, and when I marry it must be with a girl who has bad a practical education. Miss Moon Has been tenderly reared by wealthy relatives. If you coulil sec ber, as 1 did,sparkliug with diamonds and arrayed iu costumes wbose cost would be a whole yiar's income to tne, you would uot won der that I fought back the love I felt for her. Such a, marriage would only bring unhappi ness.' .lust here the guests returned, and Lntie ex cused herself and ran upstairs to Margaret's loom, where sbe laughed until she cried, but refused to explain to anyone the cause of ber merriment. Doctor Stone had a very urgent invitation to dine at tbe Thome's the next day, and the diuncr was a marvel of culinary ait. Lutie felt a little nervous when she tapped the bell, and noticed that Margaret hesitated a moment as sbe opened the door and saw the trap that bad been laid for her ; but it was oDly for a mo ment. She then ca.ne forward ond performed her duties. ' Doctor Stone and Aunt Sarah were having a very interesting discussion, and probably he would uot have noticed Margaret if sbe bad not called bis attention to her. ' This is the girl whose cooking we have been praising,' she said, more determined than ever to coax her away. * Doctor Stone looked up with a pleasant smile at the blushing girl, when he uttered an excla mation of surprise and half rose from bis chair. 'Margaret felt that it was time for ber to leave, and did so as quickly and quietly as possible. ' What is the matter, doctor ? You look as if you had seen a ghost,' said Mary sharply. He murmured something and looked to his hostess for help, but that naughty little woman seemed as much surprised as tbe rest. ' Don't you think— did you not notice the re semblance ?' ' Between whom ?' ' Your servant and Miss Moore.' ' Now that you speak of it, I believe I do. There is something about Peggy's eyes that made me think of my friend.' Mr. Thorne looked as if he were going to speak, but a little private telegram from bis wife made him change bis mind. The men started away soon after dinner. Lutie managed to whisper to tbe doctor that Aunt Sarah and Mary would be out the next evening, and if he vrould call she thought sbe could explain that resemblance. He looked more mystified than ever, but promised he would come. It took considerable strategy to make Mar garet put ou her moBt becoming rlre*s and go to tbe door when the bell rang. She thought Lutie meant nmchief, and1 when Doctor Stone stepped into tbe hall and look both of ber hands in bis, saying, ' Can it be possible that it was you I saw yesterday, or have you just arrived i Pray explain this mystery,' sbe felt sure it was a plot, and was unable to say a word. Lutie came iu and told the story in such a way that Doctor Slone saw at once how blind aud foolish he had been. The words he could not utter three months before to thiB elegant Miss Moore now 'trembled ou bis lips. Lutie, seeing this, slipped »way Aunt Sarah and Mary returned to be intro duced to tbe future Mrs. Stone, and were dumb frum wrath. Tbe next train carried them home, Lutie secretly hoping they might stay there. As they believe sbe was the rbief offender in this plot to circumvent their plans it is likely they' will. Margaret makea the doctor uu excellent wife, and has never for a moment regretted the time when she acted as ' the. Lew cook.' 