THE HAUNTJED1 . :OUNTAINS : COLONEL CODY'S.8EARCH;.. "A ROMANCE OF THE WEST. BY COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, Author of the "Mysterious IMalln Blue." &c.; CHAPTER LIX.-ONE UNFINISHED MISSION. "You are seriotsly, if not fatally . wounded, I deem It my duty to tell you; , ut I will do all In my power to save you." So said the one who had fired the shot at the Hermit, and who was in the weird masquerade of a spectre horseman. "At first the bullet: seemed to have S'cut through my body. I grew faint, and it seemed that I had but a few mo S, ments to'live. But then I rallied when S.ou came, and though I am suffering I feel stronger, and the wound maY not be fatal," replied the Hermit. The "ghost," as I will call illm, had removed the Hermit to his cabin and placed him upon the bed of skins :and blankets he found there. Thenl hlad thrown'open the heavy huckskinfcoat and woollen shirt, and discovered.,the «.4"dusatavOerrlhdthsLhoulla~~" d -tr. '"I saw that you intended to fire again, . nd so aimed to wound you in the right arm; but I see'the bullet has passed through the flesh of your arm, grazing the bone, and entered here beneath your shoulder, and I think has not gone very 'deep. I know very little about sur gery, but can dress your wounds, and help you while you have to lie up."' "Who are you?" i "Call meGhost, for just now I am going in the guise of one." "You doubtless frighten many Indians, scouts, and even soldiers, but I do not fear phantoms." , , "You must have a good conscience." - "I have wronged no man or woman, but I have lived of late years for one purpose." "And may I ask what that is?" P'To kill a man." "Come, you must not excite yourself, for, remember, you are to get well."' "I sought to kill you because I sup. posed you were the tool of that man." "Who?" S'The Monarch of the Mountains." 'I am the tool of no man, though I may appear so." "And yet you serve that man." S"That may appear so, too." r "I could have killed him, as I.sald, Smany times; but that would not do, for ihe would have died with a secret on his lips that i must know. So I have spared him, hoping to track him; but he. has always eluded me, though lie did not even know I was upon his trail. But here I am telling to you, for some rea son I cannot understand, just what I would not have him know, yet you do ' mot know me, do you?" S "I do not" i "I have not told you. my name." S"'No." ' i "You could not tell hinm who I am.?" S" "No; and would not if I could." " "Then he would not guess, even if you fold him you found an old hermit hun ter living in the mountains who said he Sas his foe ; for he has so many, you know - so many men who would kill him could they do so, could they only find him; and besides there is a rope ;waiting for his neck. "But I must first see hin face to face, first learn the secret which he alone can tell, ere he dies; and, do you- know, I believe in a Just retribution, and that he will die by the hand of one he has cruelly wronged, if not by mine. But you will not tell him all this, will you?" "I will not." "Do you know who he Is?" "I know him only as the Monarch of ithe Mountains, but I suspect that he is a fugitive from justice, a crime- haunted man, and that he has an evil aim in life, even though he dwells in the moun tains-in fact, I know that he has." SThe Hermit would hlave'again spokeni, but the Ghost had dressed his wounds and said : "Tou must keep quiet now. I will re' main to-night, and then come daily to see you, either I or one other." "The M1onarch?" gasped the wounded yran. "Oh, no: he shall not know of your SAistence, I refer to one who will care 'or you even more tenderly than I can. Now I will see to the comfort of my h rse, for it is growing late, and then .come back and cook some supper, after which I will turn in for the night, for I have had a long ride to-day, and only turned off my trail to track you." .. "I will obey you," the Hermit said "for I wish to get well. My mission'on earth is not yet finished." 