GREATER NEW YORK LETTER. I FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] In the Grand Salon at Paris some 20 years ago two superb pictures hung near the main entrance, evidently painted by the same master hand. Just at this time they would be objects of especial interest, as they represented two of the most notable events in the history of Spain. One was " The Last Hours of Columbus, and the other was "The death of Pizzaro, the Conqueror of Peru." No two characters could be more opposite and yet, strange as it may seem when it came to the final settlement both believed in the power of the church to absolve them of the consequence of, any deeds done in the body, however inhuman ' or wicked. But the life of Columbus was, us matters were in his age, one of upright reverence ยก his known lapses from the straight and narrow path were such as did not bring them within the pale of the church's or social condemnation. He had always been little or less a di earner. The world on which he was living filled his thoughts by day and his dreams by night. to That there was a somewhere in the unknown and unexplored _ far beyond, rich in gold, silver., and precious jewels, nobody doubted and each one supposed himself to be God's chosen instrument for the discovery, whenever it might be. In Columbus's life there seemed to be a peculiar the ness for his chosen mission. He married the daughter of a man who had made for himself a name famous in the field of geographical discovery. On his death Columbus became the inheritor of numerous carefully drawn maps of the earth's conforma- tion, together with the relative amounts of land and water, all of which were far in advance of anything that was known of the earth up to that time. Columbus travelled much ; he visited Spain as a last resort, encouraged by reports of fcho'crogress she and Portugal were making in the new field of geographical discovery. At first the application was referred to the learned scholars of her. colleges, by whom it was dismissed without a moment's examination, the pertinent question being asked him if he thought that such a magnificent discovery could have escaped all the learned men and voyagers tur thousands of years, to be at last discovered by an ignorant person in li single day. Such an argument could not be answered, so the great 'discoverer was quietly brushed aside, and, almost heart-broken, was compelled to abide his time. During all these suffering years of wailing and disappointment there was one. who watched his fortunes with unconcealed sorrows but who, when it came to the last extremity, was ready to make the sacrifice of her jewels to assist the ardent pi ache' in his voyage of discovery. But the grand picture told nothing of his previous history, his glory and disgrace. He was now on his way to Seville a dying man. He had been waiting for months on a faithless, court. The heartless enemies who had sent him home in chains. were never punished The Government that had robbed him of his great properties never made restitution, and therefore times when, notwithstanding his re- puted wealth, that he' felt the pangs of pinching poverty. The iron had sunk deep into his heart, and he felt that the end was not far off. His eyes turned toward . Seville ; there still lived his beloved Beatrice, the mother of his natural son Fernando, who, with his brothers Diego, the issue of his lawful wife, brightened his dying hours with their love. When he remembered the sacrifices she had made for him when he was poor and how completely he had neglected her in the day of his power, when his wealth was almost countless, his conscience troubled him and he resolved to visit Seville to make some restitu- tion to the peer wronged woman, who had ever remained faithful to her first love. As he drew near the city of Seville, attended by his two sons, Fernando, the son of his beloved Beatrice, and Diego, his lawful son, he was seized with sudden and violet pains which compelled him to alight. Close at hand was a > monastery, and when the pious monks learned who the distinguished traveller was he was taken" to the monastery, where he was on stantly attended by the abbot, the monks and his two sons, Ft France and Diego, up to the hour of his death. Almost his last act was to make provision for the mother of Fernando. Then, receiving the last rites of the church, He gave up the ghost. Just now they are telling us how grateful the world should be to Spain for the magnificent discovery of this splendid domain, the greatest in all ages. How did Spain evince her gratitude to the man who had exalted her above all the peoples of the earth 1 The Government was jealous of Columbus,- the greatest among them felt dwarfed as they stood,' cap in hand, in his presence ; his wealth was great the result of fair endeavour and honest toil and with lustful eyes the robbers that sut rounded him longed for its possession. Tired at last of taking his fortune piecemeal, which would leave him penniless and powerless at his death, he was accused of robbery, murder, and extortion, and the king was induced to appoint drunken swashbuckler as men) De Bobadilla in his place of governor of Hispaniola (Hayti), and he was ordered to send Columbus home for trial. This cruel i uman interpreting his order with the bi oldest license, loaded the wild man with chains, and so sent him back to Spain. to ' How dare she refer to the past, telling what Spain has, done for the world in the discovery of America 1 Spain, as a nation, never raised a hand or gave a dollar torrid Columbus in his great discovery, and it was not till the virtuous and kind-hearted Isabella had pawned her jewels that the money was raised with which to give him his start She roused the sluggard nature of Ferdinand so that he extended his aid to Columbus, but Spain as a nation leave nothing. When screamed confirm- ing the news of his great discovery then honours were heaped upon him and all Castile was at his feet. The great news that the returned voyagers brought back of a land overflowing with silver and gold fired the | hearts of every Spanish rubber between Madrid and the Pyrenees. Cortez found in Mexico, a more refined civilization than he left behind him and a more humane and liberal government than Spain ever knew from five-hour when the corner stone of her nationality was set, down to the present hour, when with 250,000 soldiers scattered in her possessions all over the world, she is fighting to the death to still keep the boatman's yoke upon the neck of the descendants of the men whose ances- torn she robbed and enslaved hundreds of years ago. The historian who, a hundred years hence, shall write the story of those troublous times will find lions in the path, whichever way he turns, more savage than those which beset Christian on his way to the City of Beulah. it will be a wondrous story that this historian shall tell how a country almost without a name sprang into existence, and in a little over a hundred years had won for itself a place among A he brightest and most powerful nations of the earth. he will tell how a question most vital to our national life was made a pretext by a little less than one-half of our States for national dismemberment. Then ensued four years of murder ous, cruel war, with son against father, and father against son, till both sides were saved with carnage and blood. A hundred thousand precious lives went up in the smoke of that mortal holocaust. Thousands of millions of dollars were paid that no slave's footprints should desecrate our soil for evermore. It was the battle of humanity that we fought then is the same battle that we are fighting to-day. We stand God's charm pious to give freedom to the weak, the poor, the downtrodden the / op- pressed ; freedom for the wretched captives who are in loathsome dungeons, loaded with chains, and who wait for the dawn of liberty's bright day, when freedom shall be God's heritage LO his children to the end of time ; when the thunders of battle and slaughter of war shall offend the land no more; when the spear head may be beaten into the pruning hook ; when every man may sit beneath his own vine and fig tree with none to molest him nor make him afraid. Then we may hear once more above the storm of fierce destruction and partisan hate, the gentle admonition and prayer of our dead hero who sleeps his long sleep beneath his grand mausoleum on the heights of Riverside; "Let us have peace let us have peace." . Just at this time the question is a very pertinent one, By what right does Spain hold Cuba or Porto Rico ? or by what right did she once claim Mexico, Chili, or Peru 1 The only answer she can truly give is by the right of conquest. When Cortez landed in Mexico he found a civilised people, a well ordered and merciful government. The people were not nomads, but lived in cities, towns and villages, or on fine-plantations, which produced abundantly. Want among them was a thing unknown. They had given no offence to Cortez or his countrymen which should lay them liable to robbery and assassination. Ke'id the plain, unvarnished tale as told by Prescott, or any other reliable historian of the conquest of Mexico. When we read the sickening story of Spanish perfidy, of scenes of plunder and slaughter, we almost doubt the providence of. God that permitted for one a moment such crimes to go un- punished. If, thou the right of owner- ship by conquest is all they claim, what right have they to complain when Cuba, the Philippines or the Ladrones are torn from their grasp by a hand more powerful and more in touch with the advanced civilization that is ruling the world to-day 1 The so-called conquests of Mexico and Peru by Cortez and Pizarro were acts of piracy, pure and simple, and if anything has occurred among men since the beginning of recorded time that will match the shocking brutality of Pizzaro's government in Peru, history has failed to record it. Francisco Pizzaro was the illegitimate son of a Spanish colonel and a peasant girl of , Estremadura. He was disowned by both his parents, and as soon as he could walk, he was thrust out on the streets, where he soon become a leader of a gang of Godless ruffians like himself-a hand which kept the surrounding country in terror, till, at the age of 19, fired by the news of rich discoveries of gold, silver, and precious stones, he succeeded in joining a party that was going to Hispaniola, which for several years became his home. Hispaniola at this time was a favourite place for fitting out the pirate craft which cruised in the Spanish main, waylaying the rich argosies which transported the gold and silver secured in the rich mines of the new-found Eldorado. Little it mattered to that piratical horde whether the loot was the property of friend or foe. If it belonged to men of their own country, and they feared discovery, every Iii ing soul on I board the argosy was made to walk I the plank, the ship was scuttled and thus all record of their piracy was I wiped out and the treacherous waves closed over the sinking ship, their favourite motto being "Dead men tell no tales." Reaching Hispaniola at an age when impressions easily made are the strongest and most enduring, Pizzaro was not long in form- ing associations that influenced the whole of his after life. The island swarmed with Charles fresh from the Spanish " main, rich with the loot of vessels they had plundered on their cruise. Fugitives from justice from every; country on the face of the earth here sought shelter and protection, as being without the pale of the law. In the evening, when they came together to drink and smoke and tell stones, Pizzaro was always among the company, a silent listener. Not an item of interest escaped him, and when the marvellous stories were told of the wondrous riches of Peru, they fired the heart of the young adventurer, and within his innermost, soul he resolved that same day, sooner or later, he would be the conqueror of that land, or die in the attempt. Many years passed by, years of desperate endeavour and disastrous failure between the forming of that resolution and its final and successful accomplishment The most distinguished feature in Pizznro's character was his fixedness of purpose and un- wavering constancy to an idea he had set himself out to accomplish. When he first resolved to be the conqueror of Peru he was poor and so ignorant that he could neither read nor write!. Friends he had none. His coarse and brutal ways prevented acquaintance ripening into friendship, for in his ungovernable fits of ill temper, which were constantly recurring and growing constantly more evil as the years rolled by, those who considered themselves his'filends'were quite as likely to suffer as his bitterest enemies, i . Though not quite 20 when he, poor, ignorant and unknown as he was, resolved to conquer Peru, he was over 60 before he found himself in a position to attempt the carrying out of his purpose. Long years of disaster, defeat, and disappointment lay between him and the object of his ambition and the crowning glory of success. This is no place to rehearse the story of Perth's conquest and the shocking story of the euslavoineniiiand^brutal murder of herinnocentand unoffending people. Se had now sounded' all the depths of hajunesH arid inhumanity, and. all those whom official duty compelled to be near him were hourly in fear of their lives. So a number of those whom he supposed were his friends resolved on hislasbassinatiou. On the 26th of June, 1941, a grand feast was given at the palace to which Pizzctroi had invited a number of his most emiuenl'chiefs,'everyone of whom was in the plot for his assassination. 'As Pizzaro entered the banquet-hall the chiefs rose as if to receive him with the usual honours, when one of the chiefs, whom he believed to be his dearest friend, rushed upon him and plunged a long dagger in his side ; others attacked with swords and guns, and the ruffianly old tyrant felt that his hour had come Wresting a heavy Andrew Ferrara from the hands of one of his assassins, he turned on the crowd like a lion at bay, and he fought with such desperate energy that six of his assailants lay dead at his feet A blow on the head from the butt of an arquebuse brought him to his knees and he fell forward on his face,, his blood pouring like a mill stream from a score of wounds. His fight was ended, the sword dropped from his hand, and he fell forward on his face ; then reach- ing out to a pool of his blood on the floor, he dabbed his hand in it, and draw resigned the, command attempted to write Jesu Christ with his blood. The effort was too much, with a heavy groan he sank upon the floor. A moment more and one of the most in- human brutes of which history bears any record had passed beyond the oil j I have devoted this space to a notice of this Spanish barbarian who was a fair sample of the apostles that Spain sent into newly-discovered lands to spread the gospel light of the new dis- pensation. Let us go back to the dark est barbarian that ever accepted Christ's word from such false prophets and history has no parallel. Wait, wait ; watch and wait-the evangelists are coming with the true Bread of Life. Watch and wait, watch and wait ! 