LAWYER AMBITION. lie; much for.inyscjfi" The girljsaid,* Mrug- ' gilng i» restraiii hereiuoSdn, "but the Mow will be" dreadful tor father.' The tears stood In'Iier larger sympatlieSe Wue eyes. - - - "If only my people had not had such foolish prejudice, replied the young man. "and had placed me in commerce, who knows/perhaps I should not have been such a useless adviser? As it is, a. struggling barrister, 'to whom briefs are like the augers visits of the poet—lew r and-far ' toetweefe—with a . wretched ; y«arly pittance of L30G, what «an 1 do? Bab, poverty,, believe me, not trade, is the loweriug factor in-the sum of daily life." "Don't -Oswald, lalklike that; .there Is the pride of race, the fact of being a \- gentleman, which surely is^sonietlring. -If you think so, Nora, I ain content; yet the feeling of my helplessness Is _ very galling.'' • • • ' \- *'Wemu.st bear our troubles" she returned. Father lias, perhaps, been imiwovident; but it seems a curse In the family, and for- generations the estates Iiav6 been. diminishing,:-while- the style of living and expenditure have. known mo .decrease. My brother objected to. breaking the entai! on the halt when he -was 21. but niy lather's embarrassments admitted of. uo compromise. Mr Thriftwell would not advance money, unless the entail was broken. • ; "My mother gave way, bnt he and my father quarrelled oyer, the matter, and Balph left England ,to make feibnesrjjip \- jsald, to save the -gla -place from going • fif tJie-''ifa0iily, I know jny'^ifljer f forgiven Mm-nerw*wilL}iear -'"•'•Ms iiarne. : I believe" - irfy. brotJier has •writtento Mr; Thriftwell. 1 am sure it ivas frpm him father heard that Balph 3iad disgraced himself ;by taking a store in California—at least, • fathet insists that it is disgracing himself. We have never heard from bim: yon know I was a baby, in arms when he left. Yes, it is now close on twenty years ago. "•Father at the time- borrowed money on mortgage; he always fancied, or tried to fancy, there would be some way of saving to pay off the money, but you 3aao>v , landed property has deprecated in. value, and Sir Thriftwell has given notice of foreclosing. To- day is the last day of the notice. To-morrow Moor Hall will no longer be ours, and •we shall have to leave here." Nora Lacy and her lover were talking •on the oldfashioned terrace that ran along in front of the hall. House and gardens had a sadly mournful air of old-time grandeur, which conjured up to the mind's eye visions of a prosperous past. . "I must go in to my father. Oswald; I ought not to hare left him so-long." When the girl entered the library, ^rherp she had left her.father pondering: over old deeds and settlements, she found that iiie old man had fallen to sleep from sheer weariness. He started . up disturbed as she entered. • "Nora," he ejaculated, excitedly. *' I liave just been dreaming that Ralph had returned to save us; I saw him so distinctly/' This was the first time for twenty years Mr Laey had mentioned his son's name. Who can tell to what extent our lives and characters are influenced by- fortuitous circumstances ? Had.not Mr ThriftweU Jteen brought up tinder the shadow of! jioor Hall, •with all the temptations To exorbitant jraln which the extra ragatiees of Mr jLacy threw in his " way. perhaps his mind, content with his ordinary business avocation, would not: gradually liave expanded its aims till at last the one-absorbing idea of liis existence became to be himself master of Moor Hall and to leave to his son the position of a country gentleman. While Nora aud Oswald were talking on the terrace the old lawyer was bus- : ily engrossed in gohis over business '.papers in bis house. which stood in rfce village at a little distance from the hall gates. - This afternoon he had sent out both <lerks ou errands winch would delay •them for some hours, and even the maid-of-ali-work had been despatched to the country town ou some household l>usiness-which lier master had suddenly discovered to be imperative. The. lawyer was alone in the house -where the Thriffcwells—as solicitors and agents to the L-aeys—had resided for four generations. The house was old. bnt Mr Thriftwell determined that no property of his should deteriorate in value: he had had it partly rebuilt, aiid as the ground lay tow. he had a low subterranean cellar -excavated under t he whole place, with ventilators for ihe circulation of air. The cellar was very low. so low that a man could scarcely crawl along it ou "all fours. By this improvement he fan eied that, for a time, lie could defy the very rot which seemed inherent to the place, and produced a mouldy, decaying smell. This afternoon the lawyer' referred constantly to a time-table, and then, glancing at the clock, opened a cupboard, where a decanter of port and some glasses were arranged on a tray. His hard, determined face showed that even he was at times subject to emotion. Time passed rapidly, the ambition of liis life was at the point of being fulfilled. Moor Hall—of which in reality he -was the sole mortgagee, though in the actual papers several other names' fij ured—would at last be his. Was lie in his excitement going to unbend arid actually drink his own health? Who can tell? for a ring at the office bell caused liiin quickly to close thecupboard; and as he was alone In the house he had to answer the summons. n. Mr Laey was not an early riser. His daughter, who slept In the rooin next to his, had heard him moving about several times in the rflght whieh followed the above narrated incidents, and was lileased when she opened his door, as «he was going downstairs the nest morning, to notice that he was sound asleep^ This morning would, probably, frring the news that Moor- Hall had irassed fp&m; his to-other hafids. • The servants liad an appearance, of respect- ful sympathy. In a countrv place there is no secrecy, and Nora, felt that her father's misfortunes were everybody's property. The housekeeper, who, with the license of a very old retainer, still almost considered Nora as a! ehild, seemed purposely waiting about \- for her. "Strange news, is it not, miss," she -commenced. To Nora, thinking of nothing but the ^change in her father's position, this address appeared cruelly unfeeling. She was passing oa with a "Good morning, Mrs Stow," when the old lady continued: • . . "Perhaps, miss, your maid did not tell yon the news. We have. In fact, only just heard *hat Mr Thriftwell was .foHnd dead in his bed this morning." f The first announcement was soon supplemented with further startling intelligence. A decanter of port, wine, about half empty, was discovered, strongly drugged with laudanum,, in hie of&ee.; 1 The ipqaest, however, proved that the -old lawyer had died of apoplexy and that he had not. touched the - drugged ' "wine. After his funeral it was wroved.by-Ms will that he was hims^ir the owner of Mopr THall. 50ie Lacys, father' and daughter, lefttlie ii»pie H ot^ie ihildhoo*J of f>ot3i, anjiEr^esf Thriftwell -euqeeed- ^d.to liis father's property. - . The old jnan/lnstountry parlance, had l>eeai looked upon as a r ,w<orm ) the Moor toeeff^aiprtga I* diakec^n&aSl; .funds-to the tin new ^ >tes stowed avay ijt Hruest fhtiawell could now start his role.as country, gentiemtinn under favt>raWe auspices. Ho had alwajye been .steadv;,this was 'i&c;'ot lhe" iieret^taiy' quaSitifes of the Thrift wells, and more?. ^fcfelti&fnaftbn;^w i^dllc.f;He 'wae prOiess^dly" r&igf;^tisfe^rie, fof^his iirst acjte'lifeijig to present to the "church ,;i fine new clock as a "j^especttul tribute 'to his father's ineinoiy. , , In country places hoHnes3»and money: are the best snb^tltutes.fpr hiith, aiid 13rnest 'Tlitf&twefl; fougjit hard ,for popularity. His father's house remained untenanted for over a year, and it was not till December of the year following his father's death (it was early in October the old man had died) that the>liouse became again Inhabited—a man with a : small income and a large family taking it. By a strange coincidence Ovsvtlu, thij barrister, who" had now sprung up several rungs of the ladder of fame, and was alread^ being talked:of as a rising youug barrister, and was working early and late In fhe hope of soon being in a position to make Nora Lacy his wife, was slightly related • to this newcomer, and, as godfather to one of the children, had promised .to eats his Christmas pinner in the house where formerly Mr Thriftwell had plodded at money malting. Oswald vras fond of children, and,after dinner consented to join in a giune of hide-and-seek with the " youhger members of the family. /Hie house was old and had many outhouses attached. A.-:dariiig young; scamp of 10 was nowhere TO be found. Mr -fiowton. I thhik I know r where he is."' said a little maiden of 8. " Come with me." • -SheietLOswald through the kitchen to Jhe i^nb^tv ^yhgr^ a-aarrow fioor which; coijldie .laieS or lowered; dependfaatoh the ventllaltioh^rfequirea," led to "die ex!" canted cellaring. . "He is, I think, in there, "but don't iro in. I am sure there are ghosis."- •'I'll fetch him out," said Oswald. "I am not afraid of the ghosts." and gardiess of the knees of his nether meats the young barrister crept in/. He ; soon regretted " the adventure. Faugh! How damp and -unwholesome the place felt. "But, at auy rate I have you, you young rascal." he exclaimed, as he chanced on some obstacle. It-was clothes—yes, and bones—aod eren—Oswald felt inclined to utter a cry. Great Powers! What was it? Eats, alarmed, scampered away, some even passing over the intruder.- Oswald felt instinctively in Ms pocket for liis matchbox and str.ick a light the draft almost immediately extinguished the match; but Oswald shrank, back, horrified. He bad caught a dreadful glimpse of . what months ago had been a-mail. The children were anxionsiy gathered at the opening waiting his return, among them' the boy. who had been found in the outhouses. Oswald hurried them off, and having obtained lantern, -returned with their father to complete his investigations. The body was carefully brought from the hiding place and immediate information given to the police. Excitement ran high ia that quiet . village this Christmas. What could the mystery mean? Little evidence remained; to identify tin* remains. A gold watch with Jhe initials "K.L." v,-as all that was at first discovered: but on a sub sequent search of the <-averu. - a card case in ivory, which bad dofled the rate' ravages was found, containing cards inscribed "Kalph Laey:-San Francisco." Light was coming at last." The clue was followed up. It was found that this llalnh Lacy nad left California suddenly alleging family affairs iu E 1 .!^ land, v. irh a letter of credit on an English bank for over LI2.WO. This sum it was proved he liad drawn iu Bank of England notes. Yes. and subsequent Investigations and cOHij/arisocs showed these wen; the very notes found in old Tli rift well's safe after his death. Corroborative evidence showed stranger had passed throng]i the villa on the day of the lawyer's death. Someone ev^ji saw hiin ring at old yThrifiwell's door. Medical analysis was able to assert that the dead man had "been drugged with laudanum, and evidence iu the eel lar showed that after he had boon dragged there, probably insensible, a sharp weapon despatched hiin. Was the old lawyer to be baulked of his great ambition? Had he news that the son was coming to save his father's home? Had the dream of his life prompted the old man to lose even his soul rather than Moor Hall? And did that night the avenging spirit of his victim claim in return revenge before the fruits of the crime could be enjoyed? The evidence was considered sufficient to reinstate old Sir Lacy in his ancestral home. The large fortune he inherited from his son enabled the Lacy's to live as Lacys should at Moor HalL which had the spur that urged Ralph to exertion and fortune. It is necessary to add that Nora married Oswald Rowton. who is now a Q.C. and whose briefs are no longer marked with two figures only: and that their eldest son proudly bears the name of his dead uncle, Ralph Lacy.—"Spare Mo meuts." 