A GHOST STORY. In my very early days (over 90 years ago) my life was spent in the midst of abounding Superstition, and I was often times made to see ghosts where there were none. At last on experience cruci fied more than half of the existing phantoms and brought rest to my troubled mind. The place was in Greenock, Renfrewshire. The house we lived in was one of those old-fashioned double houses, a small one and a larger. My father and mother lived in the smaller house. The larger one was Oc cupied by an old soldier (an invalid) and his maiden sister—the same who bnilt the Mariners' Asylum at the west end of Greenock. The old soldier was cared for under the direction of his sister by a man who was believed to bo a professional nurse. "When the old soldier died suddenly it was quietly whispered that there was a mystery attending the death, and that the professional nurse (who was remembered in the will) could reveal a tale which would send him as high as Hainan. The larger house thus be came empty, and continued so for a iong time. My father having chargo of the | house so long as it was empty, availed himself of the use of one of the rooms upstairs, and laid out various kinds of j apples and . pears to ripen. One lonely dark night mother sat by the cradle in the kitchen waiting the ieturn of my I father, who had undertaken some special work, and was out that night until 12 | o'clock. The clock kept harmony with my mother's knitting. The very quiet ness began to mnkehcr feel eerie, and she eagerly sought to catch the sounds of the long-wished-for retnming footsteps. In the midst of the stillness mother thought I she beard a sound, and listening made out a tap, tap, tap at irregular intervals, coming from some fiart of the big bonsc. I She began to wish father was home. The ' irregular tapping continued. Plucking 1 up a little courage, mother rose and ] stepped towards a door that communi cated with' a larger house. Sho opened it, hut for what purpose sho could not very | well explain afterwards. Then, however, concluding thaf'discretion was the better part of valor," she locked the door and I returned to her seat by the cradle. It was near 12 o'clock when she heard | father's footsteps. He was not long in the honse when mother confronted him with the statement that the old soldier's ghost was in the big honse that night. After a comprehensible explanation father lighted a candle, took a stick in his hand, aud followed by a daring Scotch terrier, he passed through the door mother had locked and proceeded to search the honse. He went upstairs and through every room. He searched even to one old room in tho garret, where were stowed away old mementoes of the wars—old coats of mail, old helmets, old swords, and such things as might belong to an old Boldier—hut nowhero could ho find a body, a shadow, or any cause adequate to produce the effect described by mother. He then descended the stair with his candle, the terrier following him; At the foot of the stair was square hall, from which the other rooms were entered. Theso rooms were searched with a like resnit. JFrom this hall access was also had to the kitchen in which wbb the door of entry. To accomplish this there were three steps from the square hall referred to. "When my father had reached the bottom of the three steps he noticed something lying on the floor in a corner. Stooping down he lifted the something. It proved to he a large pear, and it presented to my father's mind a solution of the wholo mystery. As I have said, my father had used one of the empty rooms upstairs to lay out some fruit to ripen. A rat had fonnd its way upstairs, and going into tho fruit room, selected a pear and made off for his abiding place at the door of the kitchen. In coming(to the head of the stair the pear slipped trom his month and dropped, probably one or two steps running, producing the lap-tap referred to. Sometimes the pear would stop rolling, when tho thief would again pick it up with a similar, result, the pear dropping from his teeth. This continued until the three steps were reached, when the three tops were made remembered by my mother. The pilfering rodent made a last effort and got the pear to the hole, which was too small to admit it. That hole was stopped up and the old soldier's ghost vanished. Had an investigation and discovery not been made this story would have been added to the long list of supeniaturals. ' Scottish American.'' 