^S^HiS^ WAS CHAPTER XXVII.— -Continued.- 'Dc Maifion Rouge 7' 'That is it.' 'Impossible I' 'lion- impossible? When I told you they have found the tiwp-doar, the fiiib terrnnenii jiaseHfrc, and 'conches.' 'On tin1 coutriiry, you lmvc told me nothing ubout nil this.' 'Well, 1 mil p-inc to tell yon, then.' 'Go on, then. If it is a Htory, it ifi, at- least, n good on**.' 'No, ritir.en. it if not n story, nnd, in proof of that, I hnd it from n citizen porter. Tin? aristocrats linil due :i mine Din! IIiip mine commenced .it Iji line ile In. Corderie, nnd tcrroiiiatod in the cpllnr of the little ciibin belonging to Miuliimc Plunieau, who has narrowly escaped bring arrested us nn accomplice. This widow Pluinonu— you see it all now, I hope ? 'Tcs,'- replied Maurice, 'but after ward ?'' 'Cnpot's wife was to escape by the subterranean passage. She already had her foot on the first step, when Simon caught her by her robe. They i,oat to arms iu the city, nml the recall in the sections. Do yon not henr the drum 7 There 1 It is snid tlmt the Prussians nre at Dumarlin, and have reconnoitered as far as the frontiers.' In the midst of this flow of words, a mixture of truth nnd falwhnoil, inob oibiltty and iiuposibility. Mhnric- seited the winding thread. All sprnnir from tlic curootioi. presented before his ?ves to the qneeu, nnd purchased li.v himself from the poor, miserable flower girl. This enrnntion contained the plnn of the plot, the whole of which now burnt iijkiii him, connected na it was with the events, more or less true, detailed by Agcsilns. At thi*- moment the noise of the drum whs hoard still, nud Maurice listened to the crier iu the street. 'Tremendous conspiracy discovered nt the temple by the Citizen Sininn. Crnnd conspiracy in fnvor of the WidowCopet discovered nt the temple. '? 'Yes, vps.' nnid Maurice; 'it is just Bf- I thought. There is mime truth in all this. And Lnnis. in the midst of tin* popular excitntion. sm-s to offer him^Plf to this girl, and mnkc himself n.1 sn«poe t.' Mnurici took up bis hat. clasped his swoni-nen, mm wun two uounafl was in the. (street. ?'Where enn he be ?' said Maurice to himself. 'Probably on the rand to the conciernerte.' And he rushed toward the qnnr. At th- extreme end of the Qnni de la Megisseric emue pikes nnd hnymiPia, stnndiup in the midst of the crowd, at tracted his attention, and he fancied in the center he could dhtiuiruisli ihe cos tum( of n National Guard, nnd 'n th» group sipns of hostile movements. Do ran, his heart oppressed with the drpnd of impendine misfortune, toward the ns pemblnfti on the banks of the river. The Nationtil Guard pressed by the com pnny of Marneillnin was Louis. He was very pale, his lips compressed, his eyes his eword, measuring the pluee Iietit cal culated to strike the blows he fully in tended li. infliet on hi- cowardly nwsnil nntB. WiUiin tiro feet from, Louis stood Simon. He \va« laughing ferociously, nn-! pointing him out to the Mnrseillnis nml thi populace, saving : 'Look nt him ! Look well nt him ! He is one of thoie that I drove from the temple yesterday for an aristocrat. Ho is one of those who favored th? cor respondence, with the carnations. This is nn accomplice of the girl Tiron, wbr will paw here presently. Well, ,10 you see ? he waits quietly on the -|uay while his coadjutor (roes to 'the guillotine : nnd, perhaps, she was oven more to him thro: nii assistant. She inijrht he his mistress, and he in here to \vA her fare well, or to try nnd save her.' Loiiif vnif not the man to endure inneh more. He drew his sword from its «enb hard. At the same time, the »rowil open ed to admit n man. who riHied head lone init, the group, tvhow liroad /shoul ders h.ifi nlrendy knocked down two or tbree ppectators who were preparing to beriime netorn in the rcciw. 'lie hnnpy. Simon,' said Mnnrirc 'You re e ret tod. no doubt, that ! was not will: my friend to onnhle ron to turn your new title or denunciator to full account. Denounce, Simon, denounce ! (?IE here.' 'Mn foi ! yes,' said Simon, with his hideous laugh; 'and your arrival is very apropos. This,' continued he, 'is tbe cluguut Maurice Liudey, who was ac cused Uiu sumo time im the girl Tisou, but was acquitted bccuiioL' he wus ricii.' 'A Iu luutcrne I A la iuuterue i' cried the Marseillais. 'Yes, forsooth, you had better make the attempt,' uniil Maurice; uud, ad vancing a step, he pricked one -A tlic toremoni cut-throats iu the forehead, no thai the blood from his wound l. early blinded him. 'Have at the murderer !' cried the latter. The Marseillnifc lowered their pikes, raised their huU'iiels, und loaded their guns, while the frightened crowd ilis pcrecd, leaving the two iriends to con tend alone uguinst this storm of blows. They regnrdod each other with a lust ead yet sublime smile, while calmly awaiting their destructiou from the wbirl«iud of iron and flame which tbreutcucd them, wheu, ail a\ once, - lie doo,- of the hou.se ag&iust; wliich they were leaning suddenly opened, nnd a fcwarir. of .voung jieopie, attired in the habits of those termed 'MuRcndins,' or fo|Ki, each wcurinp a HWurd and braso of pistols in his girdle rushed upon the Mflrsi'illais, and were iustuntly engaged in n terrific contest. 'Hurrah! hurrah 1' cried Maurice nt,d Louis, eimultancously, animated '}-' this unexpected relief, without reflecting that to fight in the ranks of tbe new-comers wax to confirm Simon's accusation. 'Hur- rah 1' But if they were torsotfu! of their own safety, another thought for them. A short young -nnn, about fivn nnd-twenty years of ngo, with blue flycn, who fought without any intermission, with infinite science n«il valor, -with a heavy sword, which any one would have thought his delicate and feminine hand inqapablo of vieldilng, perceiving tlint Mn lice nnd Lnui«, instead of «scuniug by the door, which seemed to have been lefl open with that intention, remained fighting by his side, turned round, Haying, in n low voice : 'Fly directly through this floor; imy no Attention to what we may Jo here, or you will uselessly compromise your selves.' Then weeing the. two friends besitnto, he middenly cried out, nddrcRsing him nclf to Muurice: 'Away!' fcnid he; 'no pa/triots nmonc ne, Citizen Lindcy; we arc aristocrats liere.' At lh«se wordi. united to the nuda city which woulri induce a- mnn publicly to nccuse himself of what at this period mint Jehd to certain death, the rrowd ottered /i loud shout, ISut the fniryonnc man. without evincing any symptoms of ajnrm, pushad Maurice and Louis into the nlley, where he closed the door be hind them. Ho. then, with the three or four frioudt! who hnd been osBiHtiug him, threw himself into tha uiclec, which wan now considerably augmented by the approach of the tatal vart. Maurice and Loiiib thus marapulously saved, regard eil oach other m luim cement; but coiupro Leiniiug they hnd no time to lose, so tight fo:- some outlet. This seemed to !inve been mnnaged expressly for tliein. Tiioy -'iiterei! n court, and ot the. olid diMCOV cicd a FiinnJl door couccnled, ivhich opi-neil into La Rue Si. Gerinnine VAux eirois. At thie moment a ileliu'liment of gendarmes opened from Pont n-u Change, who had hooii swept over the quay, al thoinrh, from the traverse street where, our (two friends hnd -?nn.cen.led lliemeelves, they heard for an instant the noise of an obstinnte struggle. They preceded the curt iwhich conducted the hapless Ucloiec to the scaffold. 'GallopI' cried a voice, 'gnllopl' The part proceeded at a quick pace,and Louis tsaw the unfortunate girl standing, a ismile upon her lips, and calm reliance in tier eye. but was unable to exchange even ti gesture with her, as she passed without peeing him, in the midst of n whivlwind of people, shouting, 'To the guillotine with the arifttocrat! to the guillotine!' The uoUc decreased iu tho tnjice till they reached the Tnileric*. Then the little door through which Mau rice And Louis had escaped agaiu opened, uml three or four Mu»cnd:n», with their clothe* torn and staiucd with blood, paused through. It was probably all that rcmniued of the little troop. The lain young uum wcut through the laet. 'AJuh.'' said he, 'thie cauoc is, then accnrticd!' And, canting from him his sword, notched nud bloody, he rushed toward La Rue des Lavaudicrcs. CHAPTER XXVIII. TITE CHEVALIER DE JIAISON ROUGE. Maurice hastened to return to the sec tion to enter a complaint against Simon. It in true that before quitting Maurice Louui had fouud a more expeditions way: this was to collect some Thermopiles to lie 'in wait for him ami kill him iu a pitched battle. But Maurice was stren uous! j- opposed to this plau. 'Yon are ruined,' said he, 'if you make Use of these means. Cruph Simon, but do it legally. That ought to be an cos))' thing enough to the lawyers.' Consequently, the uext morning, Maur ice laid a formal complaint before 'tlhe section, but was both astonished and an noyed when the president turned a denf car, excusing liiraneif Uy saying lie could not interfere between two good citigcus, each incited toy the love of country. 'Good!' said Maurice. 'I know now how to act to merit the reputation of a food citizen. To assemble the people and to assassinate a innu who displeaBfs you: this you call being 'incited by love of country.' Well, I return to Louis' opinion, width I was wrong to dispute. After to-day, on you heair, I shall' adopt patriotism, and shall first experimenta lize upon Simon.' 'Citizen Maurico,' eaid the president, 'you are, after all, perhaps more to hi nine iu this affair than Simon. He has discovered a conspiracy, which it was not his 'province to do 6o. You have seen nothing, although tbe discovery formed purl of your duty; and more, voir Jjnve held fcuiiiiniiiiication, accidentally or in tentionally, we know not which, with the enemies of the natiou.' '1 7' raid Mauriw. ,,Well, this it 'alas!' said jib, this causr is, TnBN, AW.'URSEU. Romething new. And with whom, prn|r, fitizeu President?' 'With tho Citizen Miiison Boujrc.' '1 7'' said Maurice, etupified. 'I luid communication with the Chevalier do liaison Rouge? I do not oven know him —I »iever— ' 'You have been speaking to him.' 'I 7' 'To Bhnke his iinnd.'' '1 ?' . 'Yes.' 'Where 7 when Citiecn President?' snid Maurice, carried nwn,v by the. firm cou viction lot his own innocence. 'You luive liud.' 'Your zeaj for yonr country carries you too far, Citizen Muurice,' said the prexident, 'and you will regret what you have said, when I tell you I can prove what I sn-y to you be true. I have advanced nothing but the truth. Here arc three different reports nccusiug you.' 'Now,' snid Maurice, 'do you really think me simple enough to believe in your 'Chevalier de Maisou Rouge'?' 'And why should you not believe it?' '?Because it is only the ghost of a conspirator, with whom you always have a conspiracy ready to amuse your ene mies.'' ']£cnd tlic denunciations.' 'I will renil nothing,'' flaid Maurice. 'I protect I have never seen the clicvn Hit— never spoken to him. Let any one who doubts iny word of honor come, nnd tell uiu so. I shall know how to answer him.' The president shrugged bis shoulders. Maurice, who did not wish to be iu ar rears with any one, did the same. An air of gloomy silence pervaded the reuiuiu dcr of the aittiug. After the meeting was Coucliuded, the president, a stanch pat riot, raised to the highest rank in tho district by the votes of his fdlowciti zcus, approached Maurice, a,ud said: 'Come, Maurice, J ?want to speak to 3-ou.' Maurice followed the president, who Conducted him into a little cabinet con tiguous to that where the sittings were held. On arriving there lie regarded Mtui ricc for a moment in silence, then, plac iug his hand on his shoulder: 'Maurice,'' eaid hek 'I knew and es teemed your father; this makcu me es teem and love you. Believe me, you in cur great dauger from want of faith— the first falling of a truly revolutionary spirit. Muurlco, my friend, they who lopt their iaHli also loao tlieir fidelity, Y-yu do not believe in the eneiulefl of the nation, therefore you pans near without Beeing them, and become the Instrument in their plots without being aware, of 'What tho devil!' said Maurice. 'I know, citizen, thut Iinio man of feeling, and possess some «u.ire of patriotic seal, but my f.onl docs not lender mo a fana tic. There are twenty pretended con spiracies, to which the public assign the same name. 1 demand to face my accu ser.' 1 'You will not believe in the conspira tor, .Maurice,' fiQid the president; 'then, tell me. -lo you bciicvo in the red carna tions for which Heloise. Tisou was yester day guillotined 7' Maurice started. 'Do you believe in the subterranean passage under the temple garden, com municating from the cellar of the Cito yenne plumenu to a certain house in La Hue de la Corderio ?'' 'No.' Biiid Maurice. 'Then do as Thomas the Apostle -lid- 'Go nnd see.' ' 'I am not on guard at the temple., and they would not allow me to enter there.' 'Auy one may enter tho temple now.1' 'How is that 7' 'Head the report, since you arc so in Crcd|iilous. 1 «hull ouly proceed by offi cinl information.' 'Well.' fluid Maurice, rending the re port, 'this in tho point.' 'Continue.' 'They hnvp transported the quecu to the coneiergi'riel'1 -:ricd Maurice. 'Do you think tlmt from a dream, or what you cnll an imaginary idea, or an idle *tor.v. the Committee of public Snfety would have adopted so grave a, meas ure 7' 'This measure hns been adopted, but will never be executed, like many more I have seen, nnd all—' 'Read to the i-inl,' said the presidpiirt: nnd he presented him with the laet pa per. 'The roceipt of Richard, the jailor of the eoliceigeric,' cried Maurice; 'nho had been tlu'l'e these two hours.' This time Maurice remnincd deep in thought. 'The Commune, as you know,' con tinned tlm president, 'acts -with pro found judgment. It in digging a furrow long and straight in its course; its meas ures arc not puerile, and it has put in execution the principle of Cromwell: 'It is jiot necessary to strike the king except upon the head.' Itcad this secret note from the minister of the police.' Manrice read: 'Seeing that we possess the certainty that the ci-devant Chevalier do Maison Rouge is iu Paris— that he has been in several places— that lie has left tracou of his nppearauce in various plots, hnp pil\ frustrated, I request all chiefs of the different sections to redouble their vigi lance—' 'Well 7' paid the president. 'I must believe this,' said Maurice; and he continued: 'Dctf-ription of the Clievalicr de Maison lloupe. In height, five feet three inches, fair hair, blue eyes, straight uose.chest umt-colorcd beard, dimpled chin, soft voice and hands like a female's.' At thin description a strange light burst upon Maurice; be thought of tbe Oouug man who commanded the troop of AfjWniHns, and who, on the preccdi ig evening, naved the lives of himself and Loui6. nud po valiantly drew his sword upon the iMarscillitis in their defense. 'MordieuP exclaimed Maurice, 'it must be he; in that case, the denomina tion would not be false. I spoke to him, but I can not remember taking his hand.' 'Maurice,' said tho president, 'what do you say to all this now. mon ami 7' 'That I ibelieve it,' 6nid Maurice, mus ing Badly, who, for some time past, with out understanding what evil influence eaddcucd his life, had noticed everything darkening around him. 'Do not jest thus with popularity,' said the president. 'In these days, Mauricj-, popularity is life. As for umpopularity, it is to be suspected of treaisou, and tlic Citizen, Maurice Lindey ought not even to be suspected of being a traitor.' Maurice had nothing to reply to senti ments «o much iu accordance with his own. He thanked iiis old friend and quit ted the section. 'Ah!' murmured he, 'there Ss too much suspicion and skirmishing. Now,' drawing a deep breath, 'now for peace, innocence, and joy— now to Genevieve.' And Maurice took the road to the Old Rue St. Jacques. When he reached the abode of the mas ter tanner, Dixmer and Moraud were sup porting Genevieve. who was suffering from a 'violent attack of lijsterics, Thus, instead of imtorinr nueeremouiously, ;,b ht wu» ncciiBtomed to do, a servant; met him in the passage. i . 'Announce me.' said he, 'and if Dim mer can not comenieutly receive me. 1 ?will 'retire.' The domestic entered the little pavilion, while Maurice remained in the garden. It seemed to him that something strung was going on iu the liouse, and the work men, instead of being occupied in their nsiiiil cniplrvnuont. were waiting listless ly :ihout the garden. At length, Dismer himself appeared. 'Come in tli-ur Maurice,'' snid he; 'come in you nre nut one o[ those against who:n tlii- door in closed. ' ( 'Hhnt is the iunttcr7 inquired the lyoiing man. 'Genevieve is ill,' said Pixraer; 'in- deed more ihii.u ill— she is delirious.' 'Ah. mou Uicn:' criro the young mnn, overcome nt «gi:in encountering trial stud suffering. 'What, then, is the matter with her ?' 'You are (aware, mon cher,' said Dix mer, 'one iicrcr knows anything con cerning the illness of women, especially their husbands.'' Gonevieve -''as lying down on a chaise lounge near her stood Morand, offeri.ig her tiome cults, which nha studied occa sionally. 'Well 7' finiai Dixmer. 'Always tbe same thing,' replied Mur a iid. 'JJeloise! Heloise!' murmured the ?young Wf.man, from between hor closed teeth and white lips. 'Heloise!' repeated Maurice, in much surprise. Mon Dicu! yus.' replied Dixmer, quick ly; 'Geuevicc junst unfortunately hiiw the carl pass convening the uuhappy girl to tlie scaffold. Since thon she hue liad five or bix attacks of liystoricH, and keeps on coutiiiuuJIy calling upon Jie loise. Hut the most aBtouiahlus; thing of all ;s thbl in her she recognized the girl who sold the carnations, which you al ready know about,' said Morand. 'Certainly I do know,' said Maurir*, 'when they Jiarely failed of cutting iny throat.'1 'AL ! -we jhavc heard all that, dear Maurice, and believe me, we have not been slightly alarmed; but Movau'l wan at the sitting, and saw you fully acquit ted nnd liLcrnted.' 'Silence !' said Maurice; '£be again BpoakN.' 'Oh, those empty, unintelligible words!' said Dixmer. 'Maurice,' murmured Goneviovo; ' they are going to kill Maurice. To him, che valier— to him!' a profound silence fol lowed these words. 'Maison Rouge,' ngnin murmured Genevieve, 'Maison Rouge!' Maurice felt a slight suspicion, but ho could make out nothing clearly, and was tot' much affected by tho suffering of Genevieve to comment much upon her words. 'Have.jou called in a physician?' He mo nnei Matirton. 'Oh! it will prove nothing,' said Dix mer: 'a slight delusion, tlmt is all.'' Au«l he shook his wife so violently by the arm that she rerived, and, uttering a thrill cry, opened her eyes, which till now hnd remained closed. 'Ah, you arc both here, and Maurice with you. Oh, I am so glad to see you, mon mni; if you know, that 1 have-'«llie corrected huranlf— 'wliat wo have suf fered for the lost two days.' 'Yes, we arc all here,' said Maurien; 'Jmvp no more terror on that account. Rut there is one name above all others, you must not accustom 