THE GHOSTS OF WOODSTOCK1 One of the bosb stories of a haunted houso is that whioh is related of tho Royal Pulace at Woodstock in tho year 1049, when tho commissioners sent from London by the Long Parliament to take possession of it and offuce all the emblems of Royalty about it, woro fairly driven out by thoir fear of the dovil, and tho annoyances, thoy suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played tho imp to admiration; Tho commissioners, dreading at that timo no dovil, arrived at Woodstock on bho 13th of October, 1649. Thoy took lip their lodgings in tho lato King's .apartments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing rooms into kitchens and sculleries ; tho counoil-hall into a brow-houso, and made tho dining room a place to keep firewood in. Thoy pulled down all the insignia of Royal State, and treated with tho utmost indignity evetything that recalled to their memory the name, of tho King. Ono Giles Sharp accompanied them in tho capacity of clerk, and seconded thoir efforts apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot a noble . old tree, merely because it was called tho King's oak, and tossed tho frag ments into tho dining-room bo make cheer ful fires for bho commissioners. During tho first two days thoy heard Bomo strange noises about the house, but they paid no great attention to' them.. On .the third, however, thoy began to suspect they had got into bad company ; for they heard, as they thought, a supernatural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedclothes. On the next day the ohairs and tables began to dance, apparently of their own ac cord. On tho fifth duy something camo ihto the bed- chamber and walked up and down, and fetching tho warming-pan out of the withdrawing-room made so much noise with it that they thought fivo church bells wero ringing in their ears. On the sixth day the plates and dishes were thrown up and down the dining room. On the seventh day thoy penetrated into the bedroom in company' with several logs of wood, and usurped the soft pillowB intended for tho commissioners. On the eight and ninth nights there was a cessation of hostilities, bub on the tenth tho bricks in tho chimneys became locomotive, and rattled and danced about the floors and round the heads of the commissioners, all the nightlong. On tho eleventh the demon run away with their breeches, and on tho twelfth filled their beds so full of pewter platters that thoy could not get into them. On tho thirteenth night the glass became unaccountably seized with a fit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the house. On the fourteenth there was a noise as if forty piecos of artil lery had been fired off and a shower of pebble stones, which so alarmed the com missioners that, 'struck with great horror, they cried out bo one another for help ' Thoy first of ull tried the efficacy of prayers to drive away tho evil spirits, but, those proving unavailing, they began seriously to reflect whether it would not be much 'better to leave tbe place altogether to the devil that inhabited it. They ultimately resolved, however, to try it a little longer, and having craved forgiveness of all their sins betook themselves to bed. That night they slept in tolerable comfort, but it wa3 merely a trick of their tofmentor to lull them into false security. When on the suc ceeding night they heard no noises they began to flatter themselves that the dovil was driven out, and prepared accordingly to take up their quarters for the whole winter in the palace. These symptoms on their part became tho signal for renewed uproar among the fiends. On the 1st of November they heard something walking with a blow and solemn pace up and down the with drawing-room, and immediately afterwards u shower of stones, bricks, mortar, and broken glass pelted about their ears. On the 2nd the steps were again- heard in the withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very much liko the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for about a quarter of an hour. This noise having ceased, a large warming-pan was thrown violently upon tbe table, followed by a number of stones and the jawbone of a horse. Some' of tho boldest walked valiantly into the withdrawing-room armed with swords and pistols, but could discover nothing. Thoy wero 'afraid that night to go to sleep, and eat up making fires in every room, and burning candles and lamps in great abun dance, thinking that as the fiends loved darkness they would not disturb a company surrounded with so much light. They wore deceived, however, buckets of water came down the chimneys and extinguished the fires, and tho candlos wore blown out, they know not how. Some of tho servants, who had betaken themselves to bod, were drenched with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in great fright,, muttering incoherent prayers, and exposing to tho wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen ull dripping with green moisture, and their knuckles ted with tho blowB they had at tho same time received from some in visible tormontors. While they Were still speaking thoro was a noiso liko tho loudest thunder or the firing of a wholo park of artillory, upon which they all fell down upon thoir knees and implored the protec tion of tho Almighty. Ono of the commissioners then arose, the others still kneeling, and asked in a coura geous voice and in the namo of God who was there, and what thoy had dono that thoy should bo troubled in that manner. No answer was roturned, and the noises ceased for awhilo. At length, however, as the commissioners said, ' tho devil camo again, and brought with it sovon devils worse than itself.' Boing again in dark ness, they lighted a candle and placed it in bho doorway that it might throw a light upon tho two chambers at onco, but it was suddenly blown out, and one commissioner said that he had ?' seen the similtude of a horse's hoof striking tho candlo and candle stick into tho middle of tho chamber, and afterwards making three escapes on the enuff to put it out.' Upon this the samo person was so bold as to draw his sword ; but ho assorted positively that ho had hardly withdrawn it from tho scabbard before an invisiblo hand seized hold of it and tugged with him for it, and, prevail ing, struck him so violent a blow with tho pommnl that ho was quite stunned. Then tho noises began again, upon which, with ono accord, they all rotired inbo tho pre sence chamber, whero thoy passed the night praying and singing psalme. They wero by this timo convinced thnt it was useless to struggle uny longor with the powers of evil, that seemed determined to make Woodstock their own. These things happonod on tho Saturday hight;: and, boing repeated on tho Sunday, thoy,dotor mined to Jpavo the placo immediately and return to' London. By Tuesday morning early all thoii preparations wore comploted, and, shaking tjie dust ofF their feet, and do voting Woodstock and all its inhabitants to tho infernal gods, tboy finally took their ildny yiars'oiapsed before tho true cause of theso disturbances was discovered. It was ascertained at the Restoration that the whole was tho work of Giles Sharp, tho trusty olork of the commissioners. This man, whoso real namo was Joseph Collins, was a concealed Royalist, and had parsed hiB Oarlv lifo: wifchin fcho hhworn nf Wnhrl stock, so that ho knew overy hole and cor ner of tho place, and tho numorous trap doors and secret passages thnt abounded in I ho . building. The commissioners, never 8uspcct{ng the true state of his opinions, but believing him to borovolutionary to tho backbone, placed the utmost reliance upon him ; a confidenco which ho abused in bho manner above detailed to his own great amusement and that of thd fewcavuliers whom he let into tho secret). 1 