The Pulpit. Ordination Service. The Service in connection with the ordination of Mr. John Bathgate, who was designated to mission work in Fiji by the last Conference, was held in the Stanmore Church, on Monday evening laslj, and was conducted by the President. The attendance was but moderate, numbering about 200. ' The proceedings opened with singing and prayer offered by Dr Brown. The Secretary of the Conference presented and introduced the Candidate for Ordination, who, at the call of the President, answered the prescribed questions relating to orthodoxy, conduct, church polity, and discipline, after which he was formally and solemuly ordained to the work of the Christian ministry and pastorate by the imposition of hands ; the Revs. Dr. Brown, F. Langham, J. E. Moulton and Dr. Sellors taking part with the President and Secretary in the ceremonial. The Sacrament of Lord's Supper was then administered to the newly ordained minister by the President, and after singing hymn 857, the Rev. F. Langham delivered the Charge, based on 2 Cor. v., 20, from which we make the following extracts : — THE SPHERE OF LABOUR. Alluding to Mr. Bathgate.'s appoint ment 1 1 Fiji, he said : — 44 None can be more deeply interested than I am in your future career in those lovely islands of the sea, among a people whose con version from heathenism to Christianity furnishes one of the most striking proofs of the Divinity and power of our holy religion. ... A layman of no mean authority, and of careful obser vation, who spent more than thirty years in Fiji, in close intimacy with its people, said that our mission there had been the most successful in the world. That is the field in which you are to labour — the field in which have laboured some of the most godly, devoted, en thusiastic, and successful missionaries, ? such as Cross and Cargill and Calvert, Lyth and Williams and Watsford, 44 Fiji'' Wilson and the Waterhouses, and William Moore, and others who, with their no less devoted and heroic wives, went from island to island, and from village, proclaiming a Gospel that could lift sinners from the deepest depth of darkness and degradation and cruelty and sin, and transform them into lovely subjects of redeeming grace.' ... AN AMBASSADOR. Turning to the text he said, 14 Of all the designations given in the sacred scriptures to describe the office, the dignity and the duty of the Christian minister, no one of them, we think, is £o expressive — so forceful as this oue — an Ambassador. . . There must exist a deep and abiding conviction of the supreme importance of the office and work of the Christian Ambassador. There must be an ever present and vivid realization of the fact that the work in which you are called to engage is that of men's salvation — a work in which you must display the wisdom and grace and power of the Deity. . . A7oio this involves the preaching of the cardinal doctrines of our holy Christianity, such as the fall of man with all its terrible and far- reaching consequences : the introduction of evil into our world — the moral ruin of the soul, and its exposure to Divine wrath, present and eternal. Also the preaching of the redemption of the world by Jesus Christ, in His two fold nature, that mysterious, unexplain able, yet revealed fact of the hypostatic union, the existence of two natures, the human and the divine in the one person of our Lord Jesus Christ, in which alone he could offer a sacrifice which was acceptable to God, and: commen surate with 'the guilt and the needs of the human race. 1'his sacrifice was vicarious and propitiatory. We know nothing of the death of Christ as an attestation only ol the divirfity of the claims he had advanced and of the doc trines he had proclaimed. His death was more than the sealing of his testimony with his blood. He became the substitute of guilty man, bore the curse ot the broken law, atoned for sin, satisfied Divine ,'justice, sta,yed Divine wrath, and secured the offer of forgive ness and eternal life fo,- all mankind, conditionally upon the exercise of repentance towards God, and faith in this atoning act. . . This is the ministry of reconciliation which is committed unto you ; and by the love of Christ, and by the terror of the Lord you are to urge those to whom you are sent, to be reconciled to God.' TO WARN MEN. Touching some developments of modern theological teaching, Mr. Lang ham continued : 4 'But you are also to warn men — to set forth plainly and forcefully the awful consequences of rej ecting proffered salvation . 4 Knowing the terror of the Lord, you are to per suade men.' 4 The terror of the Lord.' What is the terror of the Lord, of which the apostle writes ? Can he refer to the doctrine of ' Universal Restoration ? ' Does he here indicate what has been designated the 4 larger hope ' ? Does he here suggest the possibility of salvation after death for those who during all their accountable years lived in a state of alienation from God, and of rebellion against His authority ? lived, aye, and if they could, would have lived on for ever, in the love .and practice of sin; and not only so, but committing the greatest sin that man can commit— that of refusing to repent of their sins ; and deliberately rejecting offered forgiveness, died unrepentant, passing away into the next state of existence with sinful habits, and dispositions predominant in the soul ? No ! no ! this could not possibly h ive been in the mind of the inspired apostle when he penned these words. He believed and taught that the man who does not repent in this world is not likely to repent in the world to come. Here we have the promptings and influences of the Holy Spirit, the invitations and intercession of the blessed Saviour, the exhortations, prayers, and example of God's people — and if all these God-appointed means fa 1 to convict of sin, fail to enlighten and purify the soul here, how can it be expected that the soul shall be brought in penitence to the feet of Jesus, and bo purified and made meet for heaven, in the fires of hell and amid the wailings of the lost ? 41 Knowing the terror of the Lord,' the apostle was moved to put forth every effort, to warn men day and night — even with' tears — in season and out of season, shunning not to declare all the counsel of God, so that he might be pure from the blood of all men.' . . . Ecclesiastical Fictions. Dealing with the assumptions of apostolic succession, he said: — 44 Of apostolic succession as understood, and as ostentatiously paraded before us by some who' profess to regard it as of paramount importance, we have little or nothing to say. It is really of no con sequence to us whether we are, or are not, in the so-called apostolic succession of these arrogant and boastful ecclesi astics But it is of the highest import ance, both to ourselves and those among whom we labour, that it be demonstrated that we have been called of God — moved by the Holy Ghost to tell of the grace by which we our.selves have been called into the kingdom of Christ, and com missioned to proclaim the gospel of forgiveness to a guilty world. And if we nave grace and gifts and fruit, ? it is demonstrated that we are in the succession — the truest, the grandest, the divinest succession. But we may, in passing, ask, wherein do they differ from us, who claim that they, and they alone, are the successors of the apostles ? What have they that we have not ? What do they believe of the essentials of the Christian religion that we do not also believe ? Do they believe in God the Father Almighty, the Maker of heaven and earth ; and in J esus Christ the only Divine .Son, our Saviour, Priest, and Lord, and in the Holy Ghost, whose office it is to enlighten, renew, and sanctify? So do we.' Do they believe in the forgiveness of sins, the com munion of saints, and the life ever lasting ? So do we ! Do they realise that there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved but the name of Jesus, and do they feel the precious blood of Christ sprinkled upon their consciences ? Thank God, so do we ! Do they glory only in the Gross of Christ, the Cross all stained with -hallo wod Jbloocl divino, . the cross with its halo of glory encircling ? the brow of the dying Conqueror who, thus lifted up, will draw all men unto Him ? So do we ! Do they preach a full, free, and present salvation for every child of man, confidently pointing every sin-stained, blood-bought, deathless spirit to the Lamb of God— the sin bearer of a world ? So do we ! ' Do they set forth the yearning, y'ndying love that prompted his grand sacrificial act, and the rich blessings which flow from an appropriation of the merits of that sacrifice? Thank God, it is our chief joy to do so to ! Are they gladdened, by seeing fruit of their labour — men won from sin to holiness — souls won for the Saviour, making all heaven to resound ' the dead's alive, the lost is found ?' So do we! And as long as these signs follow our preaching of the Cross, so long as men repent and believe the Gospel, we may comfort ourselves with the thought — the conviction — that we are at all events in the succession of those who who 4 shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and as the stars for ever and ever.' Resolve that you will labour under a deep conviction of your obligations to your once crucified . but now risen and exalted Saviour, and to the multitudes of perishing, blood- bought souls around you, some of whom, if saved at all, will be saved alone by your instrumentality. Cultivate a deep and abiding solicitude for the salvation of the crowds who are living absolutely indifferent to their present and future wellbeing — un conscious, apparently of their imminent peril ; undeterred by any fear of that unutterable and accumulating ?wrath which they are treasuring up against , the day of wrath ? ? . You, of all men, a minister, an am bassador of Christ, can never ask the question, 4 Am I my brother's keeper ? ' . . I beseech you, and I would be moved thereto myself, and I would im plore every Christian present to-night, by the common instincts of humanity ; by the love you owe to your fellowmen ; by your professions of love for their souls ; by your love to Christ your Saviour, and your avowed interest in the success of His kingdom in the world ; yea, by your own personal dread of eternal burning, and by the blessed hope of heaven which you have ; yea, by all that is dear, and sacred, and good, help in this work of saving souls ; help in .the work of leading to His open side the souls for whom the Saviou,r died. Feel I and say with the poet, 'The love of Christ doth mo constrain, To sack the wandering souls of men, With avian, cutmdirs, tears to save. To snatch them from the gaping grave.' ' 