SALVAGE : AN EPISODE. (BY BENNETT COPLESTONE.) The waves were tearing the shingle at my feet, and in front a mile of breakers roared on the terrible White Lodge. Out at sea the flash of a signal gun cut the darkness, and the towers of a report trailed down the wind. " She's on the Ledge,"' said the sailor Jim, without excitement. But Cap'n Tom, of the tug Osukkers, of which the baptismal name had been Aux Secours, pulled out his watch and waited. The gun flashed again, and we listened for the tardy report. " Eight seconds, good," timed the Cap'n. " She's half a mile clear of the Ledge and drifting into the bay." " It doesn't matter," commented Jim, for she's bound to knock her nose against Straight Point." "That's true." And the subject seemed to be removed from further interest. I was a landsman and raw to these business-like calculations. To me the drifting ship meant a load of helpless human beings rushing upon destruction, and I turned fiercely on the Cap'n. " Are you going to let the poor fellow perish without making an effort to save them ?" The Cap'n was unmoved. " It ain't no business of ours," he said. Jim was more explanatory. " You see, sir, there's a lifeboat down at Beale, a new-painted thing, very pretty. They love to play with her, taking her out and upsetting to see how she works. The crew's never had a wreck, and that ship will give them the chance they've prayed after for months. We've got no call to inter- fere." " The Almighty," put in Cap'n Tom with solemnity, has his eye on the Beale folk." A coastguard broke out of the darkness. He pointed towards the sea, and cried, "Do you know who she is Tom ?" The manner of the man was that of one hugging valuable news. " No," said Cap'n Tom. " Some furrin tramp, I suppose." "I thought, you didn't, or you wouldn't be fooling here. She's a Dutch steamer bound for Southampton, fifteen hundred tons, in hardware and toys. The propeller shaft's broke. Now, sir!" Cap'n Tom and Jim uttered a simultaneous gasping roar, and turning, pounded over the shingle at an incredible speed. I followed in their tracks, and, when they reached the high road leading into Brightmcuth, was able to overtake them. The men ran in silence except for the sound of their groaning lungs, striding ponderously like booted elephants. Five minutes later we stood on the stone pier by Brightmouth jetty. The tug Osukkers way under steam, grinding the fenders us the swell heaved her towards us. and dropped in at once, but I arrested the Cap'n for an instant. "Why?" " Salvage," he muttered, jerking away from my grasp and leaping into the tug. " May I come in I shouted. The Cap'n had already cast off the fore mooring rope, and now ran to the stern. " You won't want a share ? " "No." " Jump then." I jumped, and the screw began to throb. The Captain took the wheel, and I stood beside him. Jim was forward on the lookout, and the crew of two more coal out of the boats bowels and cast it on the fire?. We ran due South in order to clear the White Ledge, which lay to the east and stretched seawards for a full mile. The gale blew heavily from the south-west, so that, when we were no longer sheltered by the harbour, we received the full weight of the Channel on our tubby bows. It was midsummer, but the deep water is never warm, At every plunge twenty feet of spray shot into the air and rained cold as hail upon my wretched body. For a long ten minutes this misery continued, and then the Cap'n threw the tug's head before the wind. The change was wonderful. The waves sank down, and the gale was left behind, as we rushed down the trail of the disabled steamer. She had a start of about three miles ; but the bay was wide, and the Osukkers was travelling at three times her speed. " Shall we be in time to save the crew ?" I asked. " Oh, hang the crew granted Cap'n Tom. " I'm after the ship. She won't go ashore under half an hour, and we shall catch her in twenty minutes. The Osukkers has heels." Presently the heels of the Osukkers left the water at every pitch. The wind was on our starboard quarter, and we hurtled over the running seas. The Cap'n let the propeller race as it pleased. "We ain't a blooming liner," he observed. We passed the breakers raging on the White Lodge, heading due east for Beale. Master," said the Cap'n cheerfully, "give me a disabled ship, a valuable one, and I'm a bloodhound. ' I reminded him of the eager lifeboat crew praying daily at Beale for wrecks, and he broke into a gale of laughter. " We pray too," he cried, " and the prayers of a salvage skipper are powerful efficacious, especially when be owns a twelve-knot ing." We rushed down the trail of the German steamer, and ere long a dark wav- ing patch appeared in the gloom ahead. " Shake her up," cried Cap'n Tom. We shut off steam on the lee side of the chase, drifting with her. I saw a thin line strike our bows like a whiplash. Jim's hand was upon it, and, running aft, he hauled on board the bight of a wire towing-cable. Then the Osukkers dashed ahead, and, passing under the nose of the quarry, strained out to sea. The rope drew taut. I fell instantly upon my back, and a wave rising over the quarter washed me into the unprotected cockpit. When I painfully arose the tug was turning at full speed with little way. Cap'n Tom watched for the Bremener's bows to drag round. " She's got to come away ten points, good," he said. " Hurt yourself ?" The wind was now almost abeam, and every sea broke on board. The awful drag astern held the tug down, and at every interrupted plunge she shuddered with effort. Cap'n Tom gravely regarded the superfluity of water, and, trusting the wheel for a moment to my hands, he battened down the hatches and drew tarpaulins over the engine-room gratings. We drove across the waves, the German ship following like a black ghost. I stood a forlorn spot-, amid the rushing water. " There's more water than we want," admitted the Cap'n, " but it serves to keep our little kick-up covered." When Straight Point was at last cleared, the tug seemed to draw out of her grave perils and joyfully to stand inshore for shelter. But shelter came too late. The wind and the waves had done their work. The tarpaulins had been stripped away, the engines moved amid a wash of water, and the crew of stokers vainly dived into black pools and strove to feed our fires with streaming fuel. Cup'n Tom's face dropped with the steam gauge. The tug's heart was failing her for want of fire. On shake her up," roared the desperate skipper; and there came back a hoarse, undisciplined murmur, " Shake her up yourself ; we can't." The tired propeller flapped feebly and then stopped. I saw the towing rope curl up over our stern and the tall hull of the German sweep towards our rudder. Jim's long body shot past me, the rope was cast off, and with a dying flicker of the screw we wriggled aside. As we lay with head to the wind the rolling German vessel slid away into the darkness, the yells of the helpless sailors tearing at my heart. " She's lost. I cried. "Well, she's got a powerful lot of water to be lost in," growled the Cap'n. " Oh, hang ! there goes the fool popping again." Two days later, about midday, I chanced upon the Cap'n and Jim. They looked rather hilarious. " Good luck, mister," roared the Cap'n when yet a great way off. " Come and wet it." " Ship was taken up by a tug out of Westhoven and is safe in port, said Jim. I wetted it. " Tour joy is most generous after our night of disappointment, I observed kindly. The Cap'n smote Jim a terrible blow upon the shoulder. " Hark to that we're noble fellows." " The gentleman, is what they call soft," remarked Jim reflectively. " Say, sir, can you figure-do sums ?" " I asserted that my " sums " were models of skill and accuracy. " Half of fifteen hundred pounds is seven hundred and fifty pounds, ain't it?" " Undoubtedly." " Two shares for the Cap'n ; three for the tug-which is only another name for the Cap'n, cursed old Jew; one for Jim Cornish-that's me ; one for Bob Westlake; and one for Pat Jack. How many's that?" "Eight." " What does each one figure out at?" I solved the difficult problem and presented him with the result. Ninety-three pounds fifteen shil- lings," he repeated. " It sounds a lot, but I shall understand better if you put it in beer. How many quarts of "Oh, come," I said, laughing. "Enough beer to swim in-to float the tugs." While Jim silently contemplated his unlimited good fortune as measured in beer the Cap'n entered into explana- tions. "The Dutchman would have gone ashore but for the Osukkers, so we had first claim. I ain't a blooming Scotch- man as wants everything, so I arranged with Cap'n Winks, of the Mary Jane her that finished the job to join as partner over this salvage. I says, ' Halves,' and halves it was. Then we telegraphed to the owners at Bremen, and got the skipper of the steamer to telegraph too. We said The salvage tugs Osukkers and Mary Jane saved your ship Kaiser, and claim £1,500:' the skipper said It is all right they did ;' and the owners said Done ; apply for cash at Southampton.' You see, sir, the Admiralty judges love salvage tugs. They say that British commerce couldn't get along chow without us, and we ought to be encouraged. Owners wouldn't pay us if they could help it but they've got to, the judge's are that sharp. So you see, sir, we haven't done badly over that little trip the other night When we go out again you may come if you like. It's in what the news papers call the cause of humanity, and there's nothing like humanity, especially when its properly rewarded." Cap'n Tom shook my hand with tears in his eyes, and turned to hide his manly emotions in the flowing bowl. Chambers's Journal. 