THE CflHTflkET AFFAIR. "A NOVEL. BT ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE. CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) Nothing daunted, I scribble a line on the baok of my card, and send it in. As .1 expected, it proveB the magic " open sesame," for, when the maid appears again, she smiles, and says : ' The professor will see you, sir.' 1 In his office ?' ' Yes, sir ; do you know the way ?' ' I should think so." Advancing along the hall, I reach a door, and without ceremony open it. Before me lies the professor's ' den ' — and such a sight as it is ! with hundreds of bottles, scales, retorts, and all manner of modern and ancient chemical imple ments usod in determining the ingredients in any compound. A curious business for a man to carry on, and yet one full of fascination. 1 have known Professor Jacks some years, and have long since been assured that he is alive only in his peculiar calling, wrapped up in it, so to speak. He would rather wrestle with a difficult problem in ohemiBtry, and wring a victory out of it, than hear the greatest singer alive. There 19 -hc/ accounting for tastes in thiB world of ours. , - "He is always experimenting, too, and I have jokingly told him more than once that he ought to fiud a way to make pure gold out of the baser metals. Professor Jacks is, perhaps, what might be called a 1 crank '; but he is an interesting man. I like him, an4 have spent many delightful hours in hiB company watching his peonliar experiments. CHAPTER XVII. ' another point gained. Profossor Jacks advances to meet me, his hand extended. I know the olatch that awaits me, and adroitly manage to get the better hold, so that I oan give as good as I receive. He !b a thin man, with a face badly soarred —the marks of certain dangerous experiments in the past, whereby he gained knowledge and almoBt lost his own life ; but the small eyes have a power peculiarly their own— a qniet man, dis daining all show, bat I know the treasures that oro stored in his mind, for I have benefited by them from time to time. ' This is a pleasure, John. When you want to hog me on business, it mus't mean something,' he Bays, heartily, and at the same time getting his work in on my hand, while I reciprocate the pressure. ' The girl soid you were busy, professor ?' So I am, very ; but I can always lay aside the cares of life to see you briefly." ' Oan you give me a quarter of an hour, or at the most a half?' I ask. Readily.' Satisfied, I sit down, and Jacks does the same. I notice that he glances at my packages as though curiouB to know what I have in it, for I have begun to unfasten the cord. Before I dis close the contents, hovever, I have a few ques tions to ask the professor. ' You had a visitor before me ; I saw him coming out of the house ?' ' Yob,' quietly. v ' Mr. Smithers ?' ' Ah ! you know him ?' ' I should think so. It is partly on his account I am here.' 1 Indeed 1' ' Professor, don't think I am curious ; but it was I who reforred .that man to you, and I am anxious to know what his business was.' He hesitates a moment. -YeNj-Vrffpfy' ' TTio VtnmnnoQ in a aanpat nnn naiVinria T atinulrl hardly be doing the right thing to tell it. Like a doctor, I regard many of the communications I receive as confidential,' 1 Perhaps I could give a guess.' Thoro is only one possible solution of the mystery in my mind ; I can conceive no other reason why Smithers Bhould seek the presenoe of tho- profoBBor. ' He did not bring anything for you to ex amine ?' ' True.' 1 But asked your opinion, on the contrary, as to how he was to determine the nature of a certain substanco that bad been spilled on a dross ?' The professor's eyebrows rise, indicating his surprise, and I know that I am on the right track. ' Well, you seem to know his business nrettv well ; how is this ?' he asks. ' Because I am on the same line myself.' . ' He's got the start of you. 1 supplied him with information and chemicals, and he has gone to look into the matter.' At this I laugh. ' rrofesBor, when you set a lawyer against a detective, look out for fun. I may have taken too long at my supper to get here first, but, for .oil that, I think I have the pull on our mutual friend. He has the chemicals and knowledge, but, as you see, I have the garment itself.' . With that, I open the paoket and shake ont the 'fleecy oream-colored skirt worn by Tom's wife, whioh ho has pat into my hands for the very purpose to which I am applying it. The professor smiles. ' ' I give yon oredit for your shrewdness, Johu, and 1 will back you to suooeed.' 1 Go slow, professor. The man I am dealing with is no chicken'. He baB a fertile brain, but ' the trouble with him is just this : He is so con fident of a certain thing that one cannot convince him otherwise : in his eves. " all rnadn 1<m5 tn Rome." On my port, I don't want to believe as he does, and, therefore, I can see other things.' Then I point out the stain to him. ' Tell me about it while I work,' he says. ' How long will it take you P' ' In ton minutes, I think, I shall be able to tell you what caused that stain.' While he commences operations, I prooeed to tell him as muoh of tho case as he will oare to hoar; and, of course, he is interested. Who oould help it when a fair woman is placed in a position of deadly perril ? As I talked I watch him. Ho has gathered the hem of the skirt, and im mersed it in a little bowl containing eome liquid, which I do not-believe is water, for the action is too speedy. Moving it gently around for a fe v minutes, he finally bIiows mo that every partiolo of oolor has boon removed. The skirt is as clean as ever, and ho rinses the wet portion under a jot, after which he givos me tho skirt to roll up again in a bundle when I ohoose. I talk on. He works, One reagent after another he drops into the liquid, little glass tubes containing liquor and all manner of strange eontrivanees. I know he is testing to discover what ingredients there are in the colored fluid in the bowl. ' My curiosity would be arousod under ordinary oirauinstanoos ; and, considering what an intorest I have in the matter, it may bo" readily under stood that I'watoh him closely. Ho is grave as though the fate of nations de- pendod on his work, and I find myself utterly unable to read his thoughts. Finally I finish my storv. ' Tho ten minutes ore almost up, and, if he keeps his word, I shall soon know all. He pours tho tested liquor into a phial, writes some hiero glyphics upon tho label, and then turns to me With a smile, 'Your -Btory is moBt interesting. John, and you know, without my saying it, that my sym pathy is with your side. I sincerely hope yon may bo able to prove the lady innocent.' 1 Do you give me hope of this ?' I ask, eagerly. 1 There iB nothing here to criminate her.' ' Then the stain ' ' Was not made by human blood.' I draw a breath of relief. ' What was it, then ?' ' Iron rust, caused in the washing. You see, I have taken it out, without hurting the fabric, which is a secret of my own.' ' Professor, one more iavor.' ' Name it, my boy,' kindly. 1 Will you put this in the shape of a formal document, to the effect that the stain was as yon found it, and so on ?' ' Willrfigly. See, I have blank forms for just such a purpose. Let me also privately mark that dress before you wrap it up, so that I can swear to it again, if it becomes necessary. I watched him filling up the form with a real pleasure, such as I have not known for quite a long time. Mr. Smithers will no doubt be astonished when he finds that his chemicals will be of no avail, since the stain has been removed and analyzed. ' Wasn't that a dark mark for iron rust ?' I ask the professor ; at which he smiles. 1 The ladj.epdeavorod to remove it with a preparation, and, although it disappeared while wet, no sooner had it dried than it came back as dark as a bloodstain could bo. My discovery will be a boon to humanity, I presume. There, read that over, and I'll sign it.' The document is framed to cover every legal view of the case, and I cannot see how it could be bottered. When I tell him this, he puts his name to it, with his private stamp. ' Success to you, friend John. Let me hear how the nffsir comeB out, you know,' and as I take his hand again in leaving, I feel that the professor m one among a thousand — always ready to do a friend a favor. I leave him to go at his serious business, and soon find myself in the street again. It is about eight o'clock, and, while I am too lute for one train, I have an hour to wait for the next. This is unfortunate, for I would much rather be at Tom's place. There are so many things to be done before morning, if we expect to be able to clear up the great mystery before the coroner's jury begins the inquest. I walk down Broadway for amuseraont. The moon is already up, but not high enough to discourage the electric lights. As the evening is a lovely one, many people ore promenading at this hour. It is a treat for a born New Yorker to even remember Broadway when away from home, and, as a bachelor, I am very fond of the por tion between Madison and Union squares. I know a great many people to be seen there in the afternoon of a pleasant day — actors, lawyers, men of letters, and rich young chaps whose greatest desire in life is to cultivate these people, no matter what tbe cost to themselves. While I wander down the street, keeping an eye on the time, as I do not mean to got left, I see several people I know, but stop to talk with none, for my time is too precious. Finally, I board a car, and am soon spinning along in the direction of tho Battery. The ferry-boat takes me across the broad river, and I delight in standing outside and look ing upon tbe myriad lights that mark the two citieB, with a brighter gloam ahead where the slip lies for which we aim. A weary wait, and at length we are off. I am by this time growing rather accustomed to the trip, having made it now three times inside of fifteen hourB. On the way my thoughts cannot be kept off the case. 1 feel that thiB night is bound to be fraught with still more singular events than have characterised the day, and can only sin cerely hope that the vague dreams in which I have indulged may come true. Whether I have anything more substantial than faith upon which to build my plans, tho near future will prove. Jt is always tiresome to me, '.travelling by night ; true, tho moon shines froin-an unclo_udqd rigTit.,"',A water scene Ic'iks picturesque enough, but at a short distance a sturan mav easilv he taken for a cow. I' prepare to settle back and take things easy for the trip of nearly on hour. Of course, old Unelo will bo waiting for me, so I have no fears of being compelled to walk at the other end of my railroad journey. I have entered the smoker so that I may enjoy my cigar anil take it easy. A few others huvo oome in from time to time, but I hardly notieo tbem, my thoughts being busy elsewhere. How would this strange case come out 1 Should I be able to ward off the blow, that threatens the fortunes of Tom Cartaret, and save his young wife from despair ? I realise, as never before, what a big task I have undertaken, and yet I am not daunted. 1 As long as there's life there's hope,' and a lawyer can find about as much encouragement in this old sayiag as a physician. While I lie back on the cushions, with my hat drawn over my eyes to shield thorn from the light, I am conscious that somoono has settled down in the seat beaido me. Curiosity causes mo to raise my hoad in order to glance at this person, for there are plenty of empty seats, when my eyes rest upon — Smithers ! CHAPTER XVIir. a trap for the sleep-walker, I am not greatly surprised. True, I believed Smithers bad departed on the.eight o'clook train. But, for some reason or other, he has seen fit to wait for the next one. He eyes me curiously, ' My dear Peters, it seems to mo you are fond of railway travelling, or trying to use up a season ticket that is near its end.. Three times iu one day is drawing it rather heavy.' His tone bristles with interrogation-points, but I am in no hurry to let him know what I have finnn (iff.. FTuvina aninorJ nu nunnLi..n T desirous of enjoying it. Perhaps, at some time in the near future, he may have me in a similar hole, and I misjudge his nature if he does not give me the full benefit, ' Business necessitates a trip, it is not a matter of choice,' I reply, qniHtly. ' Ah I another Gautii r ?' ' Not this time. By the way, I put your letter in the post-office. Strange that you tnado me a mail-oarrior when you oamo yourself.' He laughs. 1 Didn't dream ofit at the time. Notion oaine to me suddenly — started to walk— met a waggon on the way — saw yon pass me and was sorry I did not call out— almost missed the train, and jnst jumped on while it was on the move. All the same, I'm obliged to you.' 1 Don't mention it. I- suppose you reported the affair in person, so the letter will be stale news.' ' No, I did not go near headquarters. That could keep easily enough. I had other fish to fry,' looking at me signifioantly, ' I don't suppose you were near Twenty-third Street ?' I ask, maliciously, and enjoy his look of genuine surprise. ' ' Yes, I was in that quarter.' ' You found him a fine gentleman ?' 1 Whom do you mean ?' ' Jacks.' He chuckles at this. ' You lawyers are sharp at cross-questions. Of course, you can guess what took me to the pro fessor's den ?' I point to a little paokage he holds. ' This iB the fruit of it, I presume.' ' Yes ; chemicals to discover what the nature of that dark stain on the dress of Tom Oartarot's wife may be.' My time has oome at last 1 Mr. Smithers, I oan save you much trouble in thU affair,' I say, soberly, ' In what way ?' 1 You cannot, by the aid of any chemicals, discover the nature of that stain on the dress.' ' That's your idea only. We'll see what we'll see. Meanwhilo, perhaps you might not object to telling me why I shall fail with this infallible means ?' ' Certainly ; because there is now no stain upon the hem of that dross.' Smithers looks at ran and scowls — his face can appear very ugly when in this mood. ' See here I have you been meddling in this matter ? If you have destroyed evidence ' ' I know the value of evidence too well to destroy it. I have simply anticipated your move, sir. . That bundle in the rack contains the dress — Professor Jacks has made a chemical analysis of the stain,- and there ie his report.' Saying which I hand the astounded Smithers the document, which he readB with avidity. ' Iron rust, ell ? That settles the case so far as the stain'is concerned. I must compliment you, Mr. Peters, on your acumen ; but you must not imagine the matter is ended. There may be one the less proof against the lady, but you muBt admit that the affair looks black for her.' I acknowledge this fact, and yet I am not so discouraged as my face might declare. Success thus far has served to increase my zeal, and I am gaining confidence in my plans. Perhaps, after all, what Smithers remarked with reference to my abilities as a detective may turn out to be true. ' I did not dream that you meant to go to the city on the same business, Mr. Smithers, but when I saw you oome out of the professor's bouse I jumped at conclusions. The rest I learned from him, though he was reluctant about disclosing professional socrets, and it was on'y after I had Bhown him how cloio my suspicions" were that he talked.' - 'This is number two,' he says, grimly. 'If you cim dispose of a few more points with the same success, John Peters, you will win.' That iB the first time he has even breathed a word with reference to tho possibility of my final triumph, and it raises new hopes. ' How aro you going to get back ? Will the old nigger be waiting ?' asked Smithers. ' I expect him to — he had bis orders.' ' From Tom ?' ' " 'Yes.' . ' Then he knows of your visit ?' ' Certainly.' 'And iti object?' 1 It was Tom who brought me the dress.' Smithers shakes his head a trifle — that 'is his way when. thinking.' 'Two against one, eh? Well I rather think I have the advantage of you yet. Although it would hurt my professional pride should such a thing happen, I can truly say, Mr. Peters, that -I hope you will succeed, for the sake of Tom Cartaret and his young wife.' Words count but little with me. Looking at tho detective, I am constrained to believe, how ever, that he speaks the Lruth. There is little of sentiment in him, but that small portion has been arous d in this case. Perhaps tho beauty of Tom's wife has slightly bewitched this man of the world. Even the jury in the box and the judge on the bench are affected by a beautiful woman — it may be insensibly, but it is true all the same. Yet this man has grown so accus tomed to deal with dashing adventuresses and confidence women that he will not heBitate about applying the crucial tests of the law when the proper time oomes. 1 Mr. Smithers, you told me that in all proba bility the inquest would bo carried out in the morning, before or after burial ?' I say, desirous of leading the conversation in a certain channel. ' Correct.' ' Do you think it can be arranged so that we might close the case before tho inquest, and thus present tho true facts to the jurors?' ' So far as I am concerned, I am ready to close- the case at any time.' I feel uneasy at his answer. ' I understand what ,you mean — your ease is so positive that you can rest on yonr oars. Then, you have JeIov i-:- jw«vu»ouib- 1 Partly in deference to you, and again. hpna,,sn_ I half exppctod "something to turn up. That ouuieiuiu'g1 nas -uoii ,y«t happened, and, as I said, I am ready to call the oaBe at any time.' ' frilia nifl no nn aam I v»nw uau ub ikiug uo )uu uuu) 1 Willingly. You have some plan, Mr. Peters ?' ' Yes ; but you may cull it a wild hope.' Nevertheless, if .you are so miuded, I would like to hear whut it is.' I Well, as wo have more than half-an-hour to spare beforo reselling the station nt Clifton, and as this subject is uppermost in our minds, I don't mind telling you my plan. Porhaps you may laugh at it, and again you may see some merit iu it.' He settles himself comfortably and prepares to listen, while I puff at my cigar a-moment, as if to collect my thoiights. ' Mr. Smithers, have you ever known a som nambulist ?' I I have not.' ' Did you ever make a study of the peculiarities of the dis»ase— for it is that ?' ' No, sir;' he replies. " ' Then, you have missed strange rending. On iny part, I have rend some things of an extra ordinary nature connected with sleop. walking, all authenticated, and I am ready to believe uimost anything that can be said.' ' 1 understand that .people do singular things when thus afflicted ; but it is too much for me to swallow when yon declare that Tom Oartarot's wife committed this murler in her sleep and knows nothing of her guilt. Not that the thing is impossible— goodness knows, I've met' with facts just as singular; but it is out of the range of probabilities.' ' I do not oaro , to discuss that just now, my deitr. fellow. The future will prove which of us. is right. What I want to do is to impress on your mind some of the, odd thing's ''that have come to me in connection with' somnambulism.' ' Ah I I am roady to grasp them.' ' What impressed me tbe most in this matter was one singular thing : When a person addicted to lhis peonliar malady of sleep-walking does a thing on one nigbt he or she is almoBt certain to repeaii u on me succeeding nignt at the same hour, provided all is well.' Ho showB sudden interest. ' I'm catching your idea ; proceed'.' . ' For instance, a certain young girl was seen to oross a dangerous footbridge in the moonlight, at midnight, and they found she was walking in her sleep. Watching her, they found she re- prated tho performance every night. It was lodruod th »t from this point she had watched her lover go in a boat out to his ship. Other cases are similar ; one in particular has a bearing upon this matter; let mo briefly narrate it. An old miser was robbed ; he called in the aid of a defective; ; they .suspected the nephew of tho miser— had hiiri tracked, but to no avail. Finafly the deteotivbs got a 'clue and watohed the old man in his sleep ; saw him get up, go to where the empty box had replaced the one that con tained his treasure, take it, and proceeding to the oellur, dig a hole. Then the deteotive discovered that tho old man was doing it all' in his sleep, llo dared not awaken him then, for fear of disastrous oonsrquenoes, but in the morning he told the miser all. Engerly they went below, and, digging, found both boxes.' The deteotive shuts one eye reflectively. ' By Jove, Mr. Peters I perhaps you have hit. on nu excellent scheme, by means of which the truth may be ascertained— provided, of oourser tbe ghost will walk;' ' I'll take tho chances of that.' ' ' You think, then ' 'That if we secrete. oursolves in tho library of tbe house between the hours of midnight and ono wo may witness something that will give ns satisfaction, at least, and one of us a surprise.' ' That's easily. done,' he Bays, readily. \ ' Then, shall we call it a bargain ?' ' Assuredly, and if it is a success I stand ready to give you praise, Mr. Peters. Oa the whole, no harm can be done, and, as you say, there is a ohftug© gt yoiu leading the jjQsttive truth,' 1 Then, that point is settled. At midnight, meet mo at the library door, and wo will decide as to tho best hidiDg-place.' Mr. Smithers smiles and nods. He does not once suspect, I am sure, the covert design I have in view, and doubtless believes that if there is any surprise, it will be on me. to re continued. | 