THE STORY-TELLER A RUINED LIFE. [By Wanderer.] "You look strangely out of sorts tonight,"-' I said, after Detective Sharpe had been sitting beside my fire for some ten minutes without speaking. "What is your trouble? Don't think my question prompted by vulgar curiosity. If 1 can assist you in any way, either by advice or in some more practical maimer, you know you have but to ask." Sharpe did not answer immediately. I had noticed when he came in that his usually cheerful face was clouded, and that the smile with which he greeted me had lost much of its old spontaniety. I knew something out of the common must have occurred to thus affect my friend, for he was eminently philosophical, so far as small worries went, treating them as so many pin pricks, which could not be avoided, and which time alone could heal. ['I am afraid you can do nothing," he said at length. ."I know exactly what you mean in offering your assistance, and, believe me, I would avail myself of it without scmple were I in any difficulty; but this trouble is not personal. I suppose a man in my profession has no business to have a heart; but, unfortunately, with all my experience, I have not managed to harden that useful organ to the exclusion of the feelings of regret and sorrow when some particularly painful case comes under my notice. As a rule, I feel entire satisfaction in putting a criminal where, for the time at least, he can do no further harm; but I had to lock a man up yesterday whom I would gladly have let dip, had it been possible to do so. And yet, I don't know that I should. It would only have been putting off the evil day for a while. Had I not laid hiin by the heels, he would sooner or later have fallen into the hands of some of my brother officers, who might-, perhaps, treat him more harshly than he deserved. His has been a sad story, one of- the saddest that has ever come within raj' knowledge. Would you care to hear it? It is not a detective story, mind. There are no hairbreadth escapes, or 'clever captures,' as the newspapers call them. It is only the narrative of a man, once a respectable and highly respected member of society, but now a common malefactor—no, not a common malefactor, for the latter thieves for thieving's sake. • The subject of my story burglars because there is nothing else left for him to do, and because, in the excitement of pitting his wits against our's, he finds a certain amount of foigetfulness." ' You have aroused my interest already," I replied; "pray go on. This burglar of yours cannot be an ordinaiy type. There must- be some "motive underlying and influencing his trail Egressions. And yet, one would think that such a man as you describe would find relief in self-destruction rather than crime." "You don't think suicide a crime, then?" enquired Sharpe. "Under certain circumstances, decidedly not. Jt,"' I answered. "That's just where the other man differs from you, replied my friend. "His bringing up was so strict that its effects still linger in his mind. He told me himself that the thought of making an end of everything often came to him, but that some force—certainly not cowardice— held him back. Strange, is it not, that a human being will of his own free will continue an existence full of misery, from " which there is no possible escape save by death: If one ray of hope pierced the darkness of his future, one could understand him clinging to life, but when that future holds nothing but a fate even worse than he has Already encountered—well, I fchlnlr I should fed in- 1 dined to chance the pains and penalties of another world. For the man of whom I am spekking they could not be much worse than what he is enduring here. But I am getting away from my story. "Some ten or twelve years ago I first met Harold Enderby. That is not fiil real name, but it will do as well. He was then a bright, handsome young< fellow, just _ beginning to make his mark in his chosen profession—as an electrician. We forgathered at a little party given by a mutual friend, and at once chummed up. He was one of tho6e men whom you take to instinctively, without being able to give a reason for your prefereence. Full of spirits, the life of any company in which he 'found himself, merry jest and quick repartee springing 1 without an effort from his lips, there was withal something in his face, a look in the depths of his blue eyes, which spoke of a true and steadfast character beneath all this superficial gaiety. Our chance acquaintance ripened into intimacy; seldom .indeed did a day pass without finding us together. As we grew to understand each other better I found that I was not mistaken in attributing to him those good qualities which I have already hinted at. He possessed at that time ail the attributes both of mind and body which go towards making a successful, upright man. Not only was he clever in his profession, but he was also the soul • of honour. He was never tired of talking'of his mother, who, from all he said, must have been ah exceptionally good and sensible woman. From her he had imbibed certain chivalrous sentiments regarding women in general, which, although excellent in theory, and exceedingly useful in keeping him out of many temptations and excesses which lie like pitfalls in most younfe men's paths, were in the end the cause of his undoing. You look incredu- lous. When I have finished you will understjand my -meaning. "I need not tell you—you know it as well s I—what a mighty influence a woman can exercise over a young man either for good r evil. Indeed, the man need not necessarily be young. Some- of us are so peculiarly constituted that no amount of expeience seems sufficient, to teach us a lesson, nd we "go on trying to gather grapes from brambles, though our hands be bleeding from thorn scratches. My smile may be somewhat far-fetched, but I don't feel in he humour to-night to find a better one." "T catch your meaning perfectly," said I. At the same time 1 'must say I don't see ow you can claim to be an authority on he ways of the weaker sex. I have seen ou bolt across the street sooner than meet ne you knew. As for me, I am wise in my eneration, for I acknowledge that the loner I live the less I understand the dear reatures." The ghost of a smile flitted across harped face. "I forgot that you are somewhat sore on hat point," said he. "I certpinly do not inend to speak from personal knowledge, but ather from observation. It has been forced k pon me in my professional experience that l uite a large proportion of criminals owe h heir first fall to the influence, direct or ndirect, of a woman. So it waB with oi-ace Enderby. About a year after our first meeting Enerby confided to me the fact ..that he was eeply smitten by the charms of a young ady who was barmaid at one of oar leadng hotels. I knew very little of the giri, aving seen her but once or twice; but I ried to dissuade him from paying his atentions to her, thinking tuat, however repectable die might be, she would prove too ond of gaiety and excitement to make him onnet. Your knowledge of human nature ill tell you the result of my attempt as a atch maker—or spoiler. There was a deided coolness between us when we parted, ndeed, it was only by tlie exercise of a ertain amount of tac-t that I averted a erious quarrel. Poor boy! I pitied him hen, I pity him tenfold now. c h m c I t suitable wife. He was deeply in love, c owever, and, like all men in that blissful pm ondition, could see no faults in his harmer. i r " 'Vou must come up and see her,' he s nsisted, 'and when you have talked to her t while, you will see how much you are H istaken.' "T excused myself then, saying I had t ome particularly pressing business on and; but that evening I took the opporunity of paying the young lady a visit, ; j nowing that Horace had an engagement : e w lsewhere. She was undoubtedly pretty, nc or had I ever-heard a whisper against her ood name; but -I had not chatted five inutes with her before I knew her to the inger tips. Vain, greedy of flattery, with _ ne wish occupying her shallow mind to E he exclusion of all else—namely, the desire t o wear finer and costlier dresses than any a ther girl 'in the city, she was about the b est woman on this earth to suit a man w ike Enderby, whose tastes were essentially th uiet, and averse to show of any ldnd. The ext time I met him I again tried to reason a im out of his folly, telling him in no meaured terms the estimate I had formed of is inarporata's character, and advising him o choo'se some thoughtful, sensible girl as is life companion, whose intellect would e capable of holding more than one idea t a time, and that idea something more ofty than the fashion of the latest spring p q c t o r p t f l htmhHab w t "From that time forth Horace and I saw H ery little of each other. Several attempts j J n my part to resume our former amicable s elations were met with such decided snubs! i hat my pride took arms, and refused to | t llow me to make further advance. Still | w kept myself in touch with him through j thers, and learned in due course that his o ngagement to Miss Blank was announced. | h he young lady had left the hotel in obe-1 o ience to Hcrace's wishes, and was living ith some friends on the south side, and ere I met her one afternoon while out that ay on business. I was thinking of some- j ing else at the time, and would have m assed without noticing her, but that she w opped and spoke to me. Even then she , fo as discontented; called Horace a 'straight- | m ced silly, for insisting on her retirement b om the bar, and said she wished to good- to ess she were back again among 'the boys.' j T left her complaining, and went on about • p my business, sad at heart, thinking of the utter shipwreck my friend^ in his infatuation, was about to make of his life. But the worst of my forebodings did not come up to the reality. "Soon after thi the marriage __ took •k place, the first intimation I received of it ueing being very nice letter .from Enderby, enclosing his and his wife's cards, and saying that now he had proved how much I had been mistaken, he was desirous of renewing our old friendship. The letter concluded by asking me to call and see the happy pair on their return from their honeymoon. I am always ready to acknowledge myself in the wrong if I have made a mistake, and in this instance I heartily wished, for Horace's sake, that such, had been the case, but one look at my friend's face when I next met him told me that my estimate had been only too correct. I scarcely knew him, so altered was he. His happy, smiling face had taken on an expression" of utter hopelessness, and he anticipated my enquiry" after his wife by saying as he took my nana—. 'Don't speak of her, old boy. God help me! You were right. She is everything you told me and more; and yet—I love,her still—will always love her." • . How strange it is that a man will continue worshipping the ideal which he has set up in his heart, long after the earthly embodiment of that ideal has proved itself utterly worthless! Every day you see it, and in every walk of life. Now it is a man, loving and cherishing a being from whom all semblance of real womanhood has long since departed; again it is a woman, who still adores the swinish lump of flesh, miscalled a man, who in his treatment of her has fallen lower than the level of the beast. Can these folk see something in the objects of their steadfast love which none other can discern? Or is their Godlike pity and forgiveness dictated by that divine spark which, the preacher tells us, differentiates man from the brutes .that perish? It is a big question—too big for me; but as I grow older I seem to develop an uncomfortable habit of thinking. To return to my story. "Before twelve months,had passed Enderby had lost his billet. I was surprised nowing how his employers valued and iked him, and when we next met I asked iin the reason of his dismissal. " 'Embezzlement,' he replied -with cynial frankness. 'I got away with a few undreds, but they let me off on account of y past good character. Ha! ha! ha! My haracter will be at a. discount before Ion; 'm afraid.' "To say that I was shocked would be to ut it mfidly. 1 knew Horace's salary was uite sufficient to support two people in omfort, besides which he had saved over £5iH) during his batchelorhood. I quesioned him closely, and at last the truth* ame out. His wife had squandered every enny of his savings, and then cried for ore. He had reasoned with her, but all n vain. She threatened to leave him for a icher man if he could not, or would not upply her wants. You can imagine what hat meant to a man of his temperament. e got her the money she demanded. Fatal top. Had he put his foot down and refused o satisfy her insensate caprices, she might, perhaps* have turned over a new leaf; out ie could deny her nothing, and could not ven speak harshly to her. Like most omen of her kind, she made up in cuning what' she lacked in wit, readily diserning her husband's weak noints, and ilaying on them with ruthless audacity, lorace was lucky enough to get another ood billet shortly after his dismissal. very one knew and liked him; and had hat she devil, his wife, endeavoured to ssist him, his first lapse would soon have een forgotten, even by himself. But she as one of the destroying kind. In less han six months after Horace had gone to is new berth, I held a warrant for his rrest for forgery. I made some excuse on hat occasion, and relegated the job to one f mv confreres, telling him enough of the eal facts of the case to make him treat his risoner kindly. This was the beginning; li- end came "yesterday—that is, for some ew years at least. In the interim Enderby"s ife has been one'long torment, from which o has vajnly endeavoured to escape by hrowing himself with abandon into the ost hazardous and daring career open to im—that of a professional housebreaker. ow we came to connect hitn with the ffair for which lie is now on trial would e too long a story. I only know that I ould have given six months' pay sooner han liave met him yesterday. Poor old chap! e'll get ten vears, certain, this time. What i.is become of his wife? Surely you need carcely ask me such a question. Her fate s horrible enough, but not a whit worse han she deserves. I cannot understand hy such women are allowed to live. Had Horace not met her—pshaw! what's the use f indulging in vain speculations? His fate as overtaken him, and there's an end n't."' 