Three Weird Adventures. They were talking about terrible things. They were all young men, and one of them had just finished a story of a inan who had been scared to death by a ghost. Not one of the party would own that he believed in the supernatural, but tlie who-e crowd was agreed that there are things that cannot always be accounted for. Finally they got to talking of actual experiences, The outcome wa& that there wtro three stories told. All of them vouched for. These are the stories: — Some years ago in Somersetshire a young man drove out into the country to see tiis sweetheart. At midnight he started homeward. It was a dark night, but the young man drove a pair of spirited horses and made good time until he reached the outskirts of his home town. The only way he could get home was te drive along the bank of a river sind then pass under a bridge that spanned it. When he rearhed the bridge it was so dark he naturally slowed his team. To his surprise when he started to drive undpr the bridge his team showed sign of not wanting to go on. Hf allowed tho horses to have their own way for a time, and then seeing they did not seem inclined to go on he commenced to urge tliem. Still they did not- go OIK He was patient for several minutes, and then made up his mind that the horsea must procecd. The team, however, would not budge a step forward, hut when urged seemed inclined to turn around. This move could not be made, however, without great danger, as the carriage was too near the river hank. So, after seeing that he was not likely to do much good, from it, the young man alighted and went to the heads of his horses. To his great purpri.<e he found both animals were in a foira. and than he knew there vras some reason for the strange state of affairs. They were plainly frightened. He southed them as well as he could, and then he tried to urge them forward. They snorted with terror, trembled in every limh, and with dumb eloquence begged not <to he forced to go ahead. But the young man had to get home. He got in front of the horses' heads, took each animal by the bit, and started te back into the darkness. His hand seemed to reconcile the horses, and they moved after their master. They went slowly, to be sure, but they did move, and as they went hr:cheered them. Step by step the man and horses went along They finally reached the blackest pari of the darkness, the man s'ill walking backward and pulling his horses* heads. Suddenly one of Ibe horses gave a wild snort, reared high in the air, and came near getting away from his master The man turned, and as he did so. to his terror, felt himself sttuek in the face. It was'not a hard blow, but it was hard enough to cause him to cry but, more .in I right than in pain. Then he reached out In the dark to grasp the thing that had struck him. His hand found it. It was— a human foot. A man had hanged himself from the the bridge, and his body swung just over; the middle of the roadway. How the youug man reached his home he never knew. His hair, howerer, did not turn -white, nor did he become a laving maniae, bat although he ha* lived in the Ramn,-village ever since, ho has never passed wider that bridge. TflMyoaagmsn jM^^MMmi Stic in surprised there that was alive. Still, he was not frightened in He was a brave young fellow, inclined to investigate the thing causing him so much guessing, another instant he saw somet] was startling. and v that v But i i. >g t. is IS was BO MDM^^LLMTE^BI r . . - and gaveiiig partner a shake. There wa* no mistaking the fact that the man frasdead. On the table in the room was a note telling why the foolish fellow had taken his own life. He had found out that the girl did not rare for him, and that settled it with him for all time.' The^iau who had »>lept with the <lead body got over the fright he had received in time, hut he often wonders why "he did"hWseetlie noteliis friend left for him telling him of his act and why he had. killed himself. .. . ,,, . ! The teller 6f this *tory and another student-were to do some work in the dissecting-room. His friend was not ready to go to work, JO he went in ahead and prepared himself for the ghastly job. It was late at night, but this is not supposed to make any difference to medicel stud ents, who are not, as a - rule, troubled with anything .like squeamish, feeling. The young man was waiting for his friend to come, and was standing on the slab on which rested the "subject" on which thev were to work. Scattered about the room were various things which showed what the place was used for. The student was smoking. He was thinking of nothing in particular. Suddenly lie heard a grating noise It was slight, but unmistakable. At first he paid no attention to it. Then in a dim sort of way, it occurred to him that it was a rat. Presently the noise grew louder. He looked around. It seemed to come from a corner. He listened closely for the noise, and then he was sure that it came from that corner. n the corner, and was slowly coming < >g the fioor towards him. It was grs along, and the sight and sound was i re than the young student was able to en dure. His bravery vanished, he gave a cry, fell to the floi>r in a dead fjtint. and as he dropped a huge rat scramided from under the ghastly thing and scampered to i f s hole. The yotinET man got over his fright in a few weeks, hut he adopted another profession.—Exchange. at 