? . (By LE GRONDEUR.) The excitement over the recent Central Province election was anything but intense. It seemed truly to be borne in upon the electors generally, that it was a case of Hobson'schoiee,or—as thsExpress delicately put it—a choice between two evils. Undoubtedly in this case the lesser evil was chosen. Fred. "Whitcombe, in common with many good men, has his faults, but, judging from his platform utterances, he should be Toy far the better legislator. The i4 attractive personality" may nat be all there, (h«'s not so handsome as Darling), but he is a better speaker and a sounder ruasoner, and, apart from his unfortunate " profession'*, in every Way more likely than the South Australian produce man, to be of permanent use to the province. s- * * Darling, by his foolish attitude with reference to federation and the food duties, and his unwarranted slur on the alluvial men, has fairly damned his chances in the future, with the rank and file of the mining population—who will largely hold the franchise in this province in days to comt\ while for the Lower House he shouldn't staim the ghost of a chance. * * * His glib proposal to give the pastor&lists; what land they want for their sheep-walks at a peppercorn rent, with fixity of tenure at that, is about as monstrous a piace of impertinent bosh as could easily be perpetrated, and must have considerably astonished even John the Promiser. Of course, so sane Legislature, even one more seasoned with the squatter element than the present olla podrida of lawyers, storekeepers, land agents and publicans, -would seriously entertain such a scheme of wholesale jobbery of tho public purse. But there's no knowing where a crank of this description would stop. He may next advocate a bonus on the importation of Adelaide flour and chaff, or the abolition of the duty on wines and spirits. * * * His insolent statoment that " the farmer sits down and makes his home here, while the miner comes and ? goes, and cares nothing for the interests of West Australia," will long be remembered against him. Eight here, I'd like to ask this apostle of the Crovveater, what could the farmers do with the little they do produce if the miners hadn't ereated a demand, and found a market for their stuff ? What would be the use of their sitting down if they hadn't the miners to sell to' And these miners who come and go, were the very men who first and chiefly, in this colony, helped Mr D. from the time he ran a huckster's Shyloek store in Horseshoe to the present day. Eliminate the worthless miners from Westralia and what would Mr Bob Darling's business be worth. * * . * Another statement of his, in reference to the food duties, requires review. He says, "the cry against the duties had been raised by a few agitators. The impost only amounted to one farthing per head of the population, and was not worth making bones about." This is Darling's statement. Here are a few facts. The food duties sought to be removed amount to about £100,000 per* annum. The population of the colony is, any 1G0.000. Of ' these allow 100,000—a large proportion— as actual payers of the tax. Infants and children of tender age don't usually go in for tinned dog. At this rate the food duties paid \tould amount to about 32s per head per year, or more than four times the sum given by the speaker. And if, as he says, this is not worth 11 making say bones about," what's to hinder the duties being removed altogether ? If strict investigation were possible, I believe it would be found that these duties, which affect chiefly the mining population, are actually paid by some 30,000 people, who thus ar® mulcted over £5 per head annually in this way alone. * * 36 As regards the resent campaign, it was suggested, during the period of suspense, to issue circulars to the electors, with portraits of the two candidates, to assist them in making a choice. Precedents for this course existed. Traylen, formerly member for Greenough, sent his photo, flying about the electorate. But, though I'm told they aeted as a splendid prophylactic against red |rust and crows, they hadn't efficacy to ensure his return at the last election. * # * Illingworth, also, on his first ;Nannine campaign, sent sheaves of his counterfeit presentment to the fields. But they cost him a lot of Catholic votes, from the i'xct that the picture showed, glaringly, a Masonic emblem dangling from his "rotundity." Luckily, he |f oil owed his picture quickly, and as a matter of history took the electorate by storm. * # * The amusing author of Chatter* in the Telegraph of 5th May, accuses the Advertiser of inconsistency on the election question, because the latter paper, although expressing the opinion that a man's belonging to the legal profession, should giva him a call in a contest for parliamentary honors, " permits " me to express my dislike of adding to the limbs of law already in the 'Quse. Doubtless what the Advertiser meant was that in the late contest, Whitcombe had the call, considering who his opponent was. And Chatter " will pleasq bear in mind that my remarks on the subject were given solely as my own insignificant opinion. " A poor thing, but my own," Also, my peculiar ideas on many subjects don't always chime with those of the "l'iscr. 