The Bishop of Port Augusta at Port Pixie. CONFIRMATION MARK'S SERVICE AT ST. CHURCH. The Right Rer, Japes Maher (Bishop of Port Augusta) is now on his lirafc official visit to Port Pirie. On Sunday His Lordship conducted a confirmatiun service in St. Mark's Church. Although the service was announced to commence at 11 o'clock, the Church began to fill soon after 10, and it was not long bafore •very seat wsm occupied and aisles and approaches to tha doors packed by people anxious to gain admission. The day warn somewhat oppressive, and the throng in tbe budding made it warm alinost to suffocation peint. Before the sen-ice began one young girl was carried out in • fainting fit, and several others, avidehtlj overcome, had to leave befoie tka service was over. The altars were beautifully draped and decorated with choice flowan for the occasion. At a quarter to 11 o'clock the confirmees—the boys wearing red sashes and the girls robed in white with lonar veils and orange blossom wrkatha —marched to tha ;seati reserved for them. Thera were 48 boys and firfp Hia Lordship was assisted at the service by the Reverend Fathers O'Connor and Dumpby. After he]j m k u had been celebrated, Bishop MAHKK delivered a brief but practical discourse on the subject of e«mhriimtion, which was a rite whereby the Holy Ghost took possession of the recipients and gave them strength »o resist the ems and temptations of the world. By baptism they were admitted into the Church, but the saferam«nt of confirmation was the outward and risible sign that they had received the Holy Ghost. His Lordship showed that the authority of the Bishop for the laying on of hands dated from apostolic times, and said he bestowed a solemn gift on the candidates by endowing them more largelj with the spirit of sanctifying mce The ordination of confirmation was instil tuted by Christ, and by it the body is washed, the soul sanctified, and christian life helped in its advancement towards perfection. By if they were strengthened to avoid what is *ofc tonducive to their everlasting happine^ the Holy OhoBt becoming their counsellor They were beset with innumerable diffil cultioB and tempted by the seductions of am in this wicked world, and without fortitude and piety it was impossible te remain steadfast in the grace of God. Confirmation imprinted on them a high dignity and a lasting sign and seal, and in accepting it they contracted a lifalone obligation to battle against the risible and invisible enemies of their Church. This was a solemn contract which oould never be cancelled. The candidates for confirmation than presented theuselves, and after the ceremony had bsen gone through His Lordship exacted from the confirmees a pledge to abstain from the use of intoxicants until they had attained the age of 21 years. In a short hut impiesaive address, he then explained in eloquent language the signification oflthe sacrament of confirmation, and solemnly exhorted them to be steadfast in "the faith, attentire to their religious duties and regular in I heir morning and evenine prayers. In the course of some remarks on the need of loyalty to the faith, the Bishop said he regretted to hear that some members of the church in Port Pirie were sending their chitfren te the Public Schools, notwithstanding that there was a first-class Catholic School here. Such conduct was contrary to the spirit of their religion and should be discontinued. PRESENTATION OF AN ADDRESS. At the conclusion of the Berries, Mr T. Conley presented Bishop Maher' with the following address from the congreg- ation of St. Mark's Church :— To the Eight Eev. James Maher, V.Q. Bishop of Port Angusta. "We, the undersigned, greet your Lordship on behalf of the congregation of St BTark's Church, and heartily welcome yon on this the occasion of your first official viBit to Port Pirie "We take this opportunity to assure yonr Lordship of the keen satisfaction we felt at the recognition by the illuBtriona head of our beloved Church of your distinguished services in the cause 0f righteousness and truth. We hare watched your career during your loair residence in the north with feelings of unmixed pride and admiration. Tour commanding influence and conspicuous ability have called forth ealogiums from all quarters, whilst your unaffected piety unselfish devotion to duty, and many acts of nnostentatious benevolence have won for you a warm and lasting place in the affections of your people. We trust that your Lordship may be ' Ion? spared to adorn the high and sacred office to which you hare been called, and that you may reach a ripe old age crowned with the rich blessings which a life spent in good works and noble pursuits can alone bestow. " We are, yonr Lordship's most sincere and dutiful servants, P. J. O'CONNOB W. DtfMPHT J. DONKCLLT P. J. SPAIN D. A. CBOBBT 1 T. CONLEY. The BISHOP, wh.. was much exhknated after the Jung service, thanked his people in a few eloquent and feeling words for their gift. 