THE NOVELIST. "Aire Well that Ends Well." CHAPTER XXIX. 'I have something to say to you,' ho called to his cousin. ' You must get up and dress and come down-stairs and hear ,it.' 'I have boon dressed for a long time,' Franccsca answered from the other side of tho door. ' I was disturbed by a noiso in tho next room, and I have been trying to get out and calling for some one to unfasten tho door. I am locked in.' If she had called for help, Dudley cor- tainly had not hoard her. But sho was speaking tho truth about tho key. It hod boon turned in tho lock by her foster- mother, and Dudley romombered to have heard hor withdraw it and insert it again before she crept into his room on her deadly errand. Ho turned tho key in tho lock and steppod aside to let Francesca come out. There was no light in the passage but he was enabled by the light of tho moon to seo tliat sho was dressed in a clinging garment of soft black crape, with here and there a gleam of silver among its folds, that her white neck shone through the diaphanous draping of tho material, and that hor magnificent liair flowed loosely over her shoulders, caught to gether with a comb surmounted by a diamond crown. Francesca stood still for a moment looking at him. 'You want to speak to me, Dudley dear,' sho said sweetly. 'Where shall we talk.' 'In the billiard-room,' he answered shortly, and strode thither in front of her without glancing behind him. As he was lighting tho gas, sho laid her hand upon his arm. 'Not in here,' she said pleadingly, with a little shud.der. ' It is so cold and bare and chill and unfriendly.' 'I have nothing friendly to say to you,' he returned harshly. ' This room will do as well as any other.' 'Please — I must have my own way in this,' she demurred, with that half -caress ing, half-imperative accent he knew so well. 'Even if wo are going to be unfriendly, wo will be unfriendly comfort ably. Como to my little room.' Without waiting for his assent, slie moved before him in her trailing black gar ments towards the room she herself had furnished on the same floor, and directed him to light the lamp of ruby glass suspended by silver chains from the ceiling, the wax candles attached to sconces on the wall, and the tall lamp and amber shade, which stood near her tapestry frame in the farther corner of the room. Dudley chafed over tho delay and what seemed to hiui tho ridieuluus trifling at such a moment. But, when, having carried out her directions, he turned to face her, he understood her reason for givinc them. She hod curled herself among the silken cushions piled upon the window seat, and, as she gazed at him with brilliant blue eyes, half sitting, half reclining, resting her cheek upon her white arm, round which the enamelled snake bracelet clung, she looked more beautiful than lie had ever seen her yet — the living embodiment- of a great Florentine painter's dream. He had never seen her hair unbound before. He had never thought such hair could grow on a woman's head, wave after wave of perfumed silk, in colour varying from a reddish-brown to the purest gold. It rippled about her, over the yellow silk cushions, over her arms and shoulders gleaming white through ® sleeves of black crape, and it even lay, when she bent her head, like a carpet of feathery gold upon the floor. Hair to her knees, smetliing so sweetly, and eyes blue and clear as a child's, and a figure every curve of which was perfection in its full womanly grace, and a skin like a polo-pink wild-rose, soft and smooth as a peach to the touch, and under it — oh, the pity of it ! — a soul hard and callous and cruel 1 So Dudley thought as he looked down at her with palo set faco and eyes in which no charm of hers could light one Bpark of passion again. ' Why don't you sit down, Dudley 1 ' she irrquiredat last. ' You look too fearfully serious standing there I And, beside", you must be tired after all that travelling.' I am not tired,' he said briefly, and walked to the mantelpiece, over which hung, embroidered by her own hands, the copy of Burne-Jones's Circe poisoning the cups of the travellers from over the sea. As he looked at the picture now, he wondered not at France-sea's skill in needlework, but at her audacity in placing such a picture in her room, as though offering the key to her own character. ' I suppose you know what I am going to say to you?' he began, turning abruptly to her again. ' That miserable woman, your confederate, is securely bound and locked in her room. The key is in my pocket.' ' My confederate 1 'Yes; you may sjiare yourself the trouble of lying, Franccsc-a. I know vour whole record. I know that you brought tliat liag into this bouse digitised as your mother, who has been dead for twenty years. I know that you jnetended that she was paralysed in order that she might carry out your fiendish plans unexpected. I know that you took advantage of the silly ghost-stories about this plaice, which had been fostered by the lad Joseph Welldon's tricks, to disguise the wretched creature you called your mother as the ghost. I know that you mode with your own fingers a copy of Mistress Catherine Penfold's dress as it appears in tho picture. I know tliat you first tamjpered with the dogs that protected your aunt, and that then, finding that aunt Margaret, with her true Instincts, suspected and disliked you, you had her murdered, lest, having learned your true character from a correspondent in Home, she should turn you out of Iter house and disinherit you.' Dudley paused. Francesco spoke not ,a word, but watched him with calm eyes, drawing a long strand of her liair care lessly round her fingers. 'That letter,' he continued, impatient at her apathy, 'for which you offered al jretvard, was found in a novel my aunt I had been reading. It was placed in my hands on tho day of my brother's funeral. ' By whom V ' By Betty Mannington.' ' Betty ? Ah.' An unpleasant light flashed into Fran cesco's eyes for a moment, but only for a moment. Tho next she had lowered her white eyelids and long golden brown lashes. 'Please go oil,' slie said gently.' '.You then sot. to work,' ho proceeded, striving to speak calmly and to keep tho agitation ho could hardly subdue, ' to undermind the health of a man who loved you devoutcdly, who would freely have given his life in your service. Not satis fied with tho foul cold-blooded murder of a woman who had taken you and your miserable tool into her house and saved you from starvation and loaded you with benefits, you could plan this slow destruc tion of ono of the gentlest, of God's creatures — a man who could believonoill of j'Ou or anyone. You could seo him dying before your eyes day by day, you could watch his agonies and calculate how long they would last — you could do this, and vet degraded jthing that you are, lower and more repulsive than the dead liest poison snake, you could pretend that you loved him, and on the very day when ou had planned his death, lest hc'should travel to his mother and perhaps >.scapo you, you could promise to become his wife on his return from the journey you never meant that ho should take ! Aro you made of flesh and blood 1 As you " lie there, to others you might look like a woman — a beautiful woman ; but to me you can never now look but what you arc — a fiend, from whom a man recoils in disgust and loat hing ! ' Francesca rose slowly to her feet., very pale, but dignified and graceful as ever. ' You have been abusing me for quite a long time,' she said. ' Is "it not time that I had a word to say J ' CHAPTER XXX. Dudley bent his head. ' You are perfectly free,' he said coldly, ' to make what statements you please. They will not alter the course of conduct X am resolved to follow.' 1 You mean,' she said, with a touch of scorn, 'that, hnviug decided with your confederate Betty that I am guilt- of all manner of unheard-of crimes, you don't intend to listen to anything I may have to say. ' I am listening.' ' "Where are your proofs, then 1 ' she burst out passionately, comtning close to hitn. 'Bv what right do you dare to connect me with the deatli from heart- disease of uunt Margaret, or with the death by drowning of vour brother Victor 1 ' ' Your foster-mother, as you know perfectly well, murdered them both. Creeping into my aunt's room in the ghost disguise, she killed her ; then, secreting herself in the haunted room, bv moans of a removable jjianel, she dropped her infernal decoction into the cooling drinks you prepared for my brother. To-night she made an attempt to poison me ; lint luckily, I was on my guard and expected Iter. ' And do you mean to say,' she asked, coining closer still to him, so that she almost touched hini, 1 that, knowing as you do that I was locked into my room, you imagine that 1 wasprivy totheattemjit — to poison you ? ' Dudley drew hack, distressed against his will by her sudden jiallor, the quivering of her lips, and the tears that had started to her eyes. '1 have not accused you of that,' he answered. ' 1 lien what do volt accuse me of > ' ' ''.v n through it again ' lie asked wearily. 'A lortune was left between us three itevelsworlhs. Presumably vour idea in bringing this wretched creature with you was to emjiloy her to murder your co-heirs, ami claim the entire jirojierty as your own next year : or to kill one of us and marry the other, though you were rather averse from such an arrangement, being already married.' ' Married 1 ' ' Yes. No more lies on that subject are necessary. At this hour yesterday I was in Paris with your husband, and heard from him the entire story of your married life.' ' He told you .' ' 'It would be more accurate to sav he sold me tin- information.' 'And you believe the word of such a creature as that against mine V ' 1 believe neither him nor you. But his story is the more credible, and I have not tested his jiowers of lying as J have yours.' ' Dudley,' l'rani.-esea cried, and suddenly clasjied her hands, ' how can you he so hard ? You lin ed me — you were going to marry ine— — ' ' J hat was a trick to throw vou off your guard, and to make that creature of yours show her hand ! ' he interriijitcd. Erunresca stared at him with diluted eyes for a moment, and then suddenlv east herself ujion his breast, twining her arms about him, laying her beautiful head upon his shoulder, and murmuring softly to him with warm iips that touched his neck. ' Dudley, Dudley, say it is true -sav you are doing all this to try me ! I am innocent of everything J have noeontrol over that other woman ! .She is niy foster-inuther, and she adores me; she cannot live out of my sight : she has'hi-en with me all my lite. J have nothing hut pity for her ; hut. she worshijis me, and, if she did indeed try to murder voti or your brother, it was her era/.y jealousy 'that promoted her, because she feared' Est 1 might marry one of you. She has been the only person in the world that eared for me, dear; I could not turn her away to starve. And she knew— what volt cannot understand— that I love you -love you with all my soul ! Even when you are hard and unkind lo me, I Jove you, and, when you speak cruelly to me, I long to kiss the words away ujain your lips. Night after night 1 dream of you, and lie awake thinking of you. 1 keep your portrait under my pillow like a iovc sick girl, and almost wear it away with kisses. Dudley, you don't know what a love like mine is ! You J love, you yourself, with your broad shoulders and cold blue eyes and soft curly hair, ff you had not a farthing in the world, if you were a beggar in tlio street, I should love you just in the same way, and Jong for your love in return, and quiver at your touch, und feel my heart leaj, at the sound of your voice as it is leaping now 1 ' Sho gripped his hand convulsively and pressed it against hor heart-, so that lie could hear its rapid beating. Her passionate tondornoss, tho gentle accents of her voice, her beautiful blue oyes shining up at him through tears almost unmanned him, nnd it was only by a supremo effort of will tliat ho romainod cold and impassivo under hor caresses. ' From what I havo learned of your career,' ho said, 1 you aro liablo to those freaks of passion — of what you call love But I havo no desire to ho mnrried, and then poisoned by you or your foster-mother when you tiro of mo as your two former husbands.' Francesca sprang away from him, her cheoks glowing with anger. (to be continued.) 