I POSITION OF SliSloll Cl.rilS TO OATH. «on. Uni. Omn. ftAohlunnpton? - I i! u n i «Mk» . - I 1 I " " ; l"Mt Urnliininr 'J i l u : Altert ._.. - I «_i - ..<._! ftt I'OSITION Ol' JI'Moli TIMMS To IIATI.. Cricket mutches cuinmoiiccd lust Satur- day will In- resumed Iltis ailoinoon. As Hie feiilr.il (cuni i- (o visit ISri-hane Sn n week or two surely il i" high lime u certain number were oho-cn to practice. Ç.Manv lliishiino player* ure in rare hutting -. form this year, and our men will need to '.'fcc ot theil' lies! to liave ;l chance against ¿.'them. Willi u few exceptions, the hatting -Shown this season hy several of our ivpre sentntive men is certainly not good enough to waniuil their inclusion in the team, and ^?UiU in no donut dui- to want of practice. One of thc most vulmildc in.ilchos played Li« the First Kiri en ugniu-l the \c\l J'if Steen, for it rarely fail- to hiing oui new ^talent ripe fur " promotion lo mure ¡III ^portant contests, mid nl-o Juras thc weak "|,*polR in thc representative team. The KaUBteh played in Sydney hclwii'U thc First fkE3e\\-en nsd Next' Fifteen has certainly t shown clearly enough Hint lt. A. Hull' is ?quite cntith'ii to il position anning the first team of tile colliny._the opening day he scored Ul not out hy excellent cricket, the timing of the hull lining capital, whilst his iidefence was impregnable. JJn the second fiday he ennied his total lti*IH!l licfore he *jvas dismissed. Thc Fifteen closed their nnings for 440, with only nine wickets lown, and then pul out six of the Klovon ior 157, when the gaine was draw n. M. A. Coble was top scorer. A Gympie t on in visited Maryborough on lie nth instant, ¡ind. going in Iii st. scored 389 runs, tJreaves (471 and liyan Chi) being : largest seiners. (', Tut ncr made I. ryliorough replied with lill runs. Mar Itali (21) and liewilsoii (l!l| being the ¡ghost contributors. Tinner look four "lokets for 33. and White three for 7. ¡yuipie made Al nins for I luce wickets in lieir second innings, d'yinpic lillis won liv IO runs on the first innings. CYCLING. %. Owing to thc intense heal ami Hie fitiujuerous «Hinter attractions on Wedncs ty last (Prince of Wulos's llirthdnyl. the tendance at the Union Cycling Club [Sjporta on the I nion (¡round was not up to ¿Kpoelntion, and tho club will ounsoipieiitlv **'lse money over tho mooting. The events ?ero fo¿ nunton r riders only, mid tho ma- jority <*i»^jç cyclists competing were only 'pst beginnors on tho truck. A few cif 'icm showed plenty of pace, however, and lOuld lie hoard of in thc future. Tho ty Hand played several nii'o selections on s groiinil during the nllenioon. Thc incipnl event of tho meeting-the I'niou . nieel Itaoo for a "lied Hird " bicycl" [valued nt £3(1-was cloverly won hy' (!. mer (Í10 yards), who proved too gund por all bis opponrnts, palmer, who Avus in ?pvnd form, also succeeded in carrying off the One-mile Handicap, thus scouting the ?"double." Thc Novice Handicap was Snocurcd by A. ll. Kirby (40 yardsl. A. C. Itfl/yons (GO yard») was ino fas't fur ll.I her ^'competitors in thc Half-mile Handicap I Vfinal, and ho mile in an easy winner. Tho '." test race of (he day was thc Thrcc-milo fHnndicap. the finish "hoing close nod exoil - | . Inj;, and result mg in a bare win tor A. |»JVootcn from W. lliclnnond and (i. I'lilmcr. I A committee meeting of the lloekh.nnp lon Gymnasium und Cycling Club vas held Inst night ai (he Mar- je^ Hotel. Mr. W. Minnie occupied /Wie chair, and eight others were present. It WUK unanimously divided Hui! mig_ sporl* niooting be hold on the ll ugh v JíTJníon Football (¡round on Jinxing Day. for jWliioh o splendid programme of prize.- was Arranged, comprising holli amateur and jirofessionnl contosls. (olalling in all ttp j*«rd* of tOO in value. The list was a ?i follows :-11I,UH> Knee. Amateur events : f?Onc-mile Huco, tl 4s.: Onc-anil-n-luilf-niilc Itaee, fn !ls.: Two-niilc Hace. C7 7s. Cash «vents: Half-mile Hair. C4 4s.: Oiioand-a lialf-lliile limo, £12 : Two-mile lince. C5 BB. It was IIIMI decided to put on mi I ii - ?citation Scratch lince, value MU tis., fur thc liody sending in the largest iiiiiubcr of entries, mid a ^iross nico may also bo added ia thc programme. All racing cyclists uro »low engaged in ¡u live training.' mid ii is iílllly expected (bul a capital dav's sport Viii be provided fur tho lovers' of (hi .popular sport. Knltics close un Saturday ^evening, tho 17th of December, ul nil the [cycling depots. Undoubtedly hui of (he handsomest and ; Jicst finished machines seen Ibis season aro I j now on view nt, the Hover Cycle Depot. ' They are the Lady's Imperial 'Hover mid the Imperial Ugh I Koalisier, mude of the If*- Weldlcss Sled, filled willi Oil Itelniu *,ing Huhs, S'errulcd Lined Forks. 1 in. Pilch /Boiler Chains, llrako, Mudguard-, and «¡oar TCascs, lined in (wu colours on a faultless Mack enamel surface. They vie willi each Other for premier position as (ho best ? finished ninehiue in (luoeu-hiiul. Thc linvor «ct the fashion lu the world in ISK.i. und |-inking the Iwo models shown ns u crilerioii t^OV still lead tho van. di.< I hese j J^cliillP.s ^'je ben ridden IÎI.700 mile without ¿ysingl,' Haw. Nu wonder tho Hover are popular.-Advt. | 