CHATTER IIV.—Csvtiktikw. Explanations were In order end soen ths stalwart Irishman, with a heart « big as a mountain, more or lea, acoording to the size of the mountain, put his arm abenc the back of the cliair, and, in a moment, the young gentleman was stretched out on one of those maiuaieth "settees" which used to adorn the rooms of onr grandparents. Mrs. North brought a huge bed-spread and threw it over him, and in an incredibly short time Finnic was sound asleep, dreaming of a Miss fcs and a Miss Wes^ and paint palettes. At 8 o^clock he was still sleeping, and word was sent over to the eottage as we hai e seen. At G o'clock be.was awakened; the little dimity maid gave him a cup ®f tea, and put him to bed. And thus Pin me had fallen into good hand^ Ten o'clock came as usual, and so did 11. Then Mrs. North was a little startled by a knock at the door. Bonar brought in a note and a package sent up by one of the trusted clerks. The note stated that a " directors' meeting" would keep Conrad down town until lite, and suggested that she retire and not sit up for trim, ne also requested that the package bo placed in the muniment room, and stated that oae of the old watchmen of the office was even then on the grounds to keep an eye on the premises. The package was soon stowed away, and so was Mrs. North ; and ell the great house was still. Mrs, North slept well, the storing of valuables in the muniment room being of frefjucnt occurrence. The slow lionrs of the night crept silently on, the moon rising full end high over the long pileof l>rickand mnsTiirr.nnd peeping tlirougli the trees. The faithful watchman filled and refilled his pipe, nnd tramped back and forth upon that side of the house where the treasure was stored. About 1 o'clock the ferry whistle snorted as though angry at the late call, and the sound went echoing ,-pvtfr hill and forest It struck wildly upon finhie's unacenstomed ear?, as he lightly Elept ill the vast bed, nnd he awakened in same slight alarm. It tov'k a moment for htm to realize where he was in tbe darkness —a darkness trimmed with the silver moonlight streaming into his room. He heard n key thrust into the door, n step doming softly up ihe stairs, a door open and shut—and all was still. He turned over once more to deep—but his eyes would not stay closed. The late entrance was by Conrad. An hoar after, in the heavy shadows of the frees, upon the cast Ride of the honse, where •the low moon was casting a dark pathway of Jjlonm from the tall chimneys to the trees, a man sat'on the ground, calndy watching •the Comfort of the faithful olgl guard, not ten rods away. He was still peacefully toqioking bis pipe. It was a tall, thin, cadaverous old man—and we have met him before, thqughnow no sepulchral cough warns us of liis presence. His face was not now of ashes hue. His eyes were bright and luminous— his ears keen to the unfolding ef tbe beetle's wing. Every sense was alert. He carried nothing in his hands but arotmd liis waist was a cord, and on one end 4 small steel grapnel. In his belt a sheath faiffe was hidden, and a pistol, both under a loose blouse. As the shadows deepened the old man rose from tbe ground, stepped forward to Uie limit of the shadows, as silently as a cat and briskly as a fox. Inspectinj*the ground a moment, he darted to a davk recess in the building—aad to a portion of the structure where no sleepers were near jyitbin. A moment later and he Iras On the root of t,he moonlit side—the guard lieiug upon the o£Lur. He softly crept along edge of the roof with his feet in the yigo gutters. He seemed to know his j^rengtb, and paused not a moment in his progress until beneath the largest chimney (in tbe building. He then throw himself flatly upon the steep roof, and, with the aid of the ked;*e, or grapnel, crawled to the mammoth flues. He knew fullwell that no guard could distinguish a man's head or body at that distance amid the varying forms and Fhhdows of the roofs. A moment thereafter a dark form emerges from the blackened wall of a large fireplace, in the creat old riiaingroora of the ancestral wing of the North homestead. It hugs the wall in crouching attitude, with tread silenced by the wool on the soles of bis shoes. Creeping thus t2 the further end, bo reaches * panel which he can only distinguish in the darkness by touch. Haviug located the place, he rekfully straightens up and peers round the room, which apparently is of the width of the structure, having windows at both ends. He waits until his eyes enlarge tojpeet tbe darkness. The opium does it* work. They are luminous, and, like two phosphorescent balls, burn in the gloom like the two flaming eyes of the panther. Though unseen, his face is aglow, and his heart fired vlth an irrepressible eourgge. But he does hot focfiet his ritual. Skill is useless wilh- -out safety. .Bwiffly he darte across the room and tries to unfastep a window and push it open. It is in vain. It is securely locked. Witho® a moment's delay ho takes from his blouse a little brass and drill bit. In another moment he is grinding aroty at the glass •with a well-oiled drill of tbp hardest steel, Bod in an astonishingly short tiffin it is through. He takes from another pocket a toy of black cloth. As he unrolls it an oiled paj>er is taken off and the cloth pressed firmly agajcBt the pain of glass. It sticks tightly to ewiry part. Then the old man insert* the drill into the hole he has bored, presses sdoewayB^ond' 1he glass breaks in every direction but not a piece falls to the flnor, lior is there any noise. Tbe glass is wholly glued to the doth. If driven from his work by danger, he will plunge headlong through tills opening,' but otherwise go as he came. He now returns to' his panel. Not over ten minutes have'been lost With tbe butt end of his aheath knife he worms a hole nnd?r the panel and pries it up. He bends bp the painted metal, but the bolt of the lock does not give wny. The old man's Blender hand is inserted—and the ken are Ills. Now the vault is opened—both doors. The Jjurglaj- enters, closing the inner and lighter door behind him. A "Inciter" is scratched and a dark lantern lighted. It is the supratso moment, to a ghoul who preys upon Ills fellows. And his rapid heart-beats are audible to the old man in the silence—« silence which he can ijliuost {eel within those brick walls. The package lies before him. His hands are upon it. What if, during this work of darkness, in the mysterious night, there had been » man of stout heart and herculean frame in that old dining room of the Norths! What if this man, tvhose courage may have been tested in the tot battle, tears to calmly seat himself in the dark shadows, wUOa those two visible eyeballs swept «nJnndtherodn», nnd thus watch the catamount cut its way silently through glass! And then follow them through iron doon to • windowlfes vault! And suppose ate vritpm *U«nUy follows into the thick dfr 1 ""^ ' .-Ull&uity; air.nndfeels that thei* were tiro •Blombed—whence but one could come forth *Br»l BmIIt; What tf that des^mfe Old est fWM* fti* ^tnlWmteiB, mU« the treasure, turns quickly around; and linds himself face to face, not with a giant, but with—Piwrfel Ye gods! But what a scene 1 The old mas cried aloud, stepped back a pace or two, dropped the package and trembled from bead foot—a cold praspiration covering bis body. "The ghost!" he murmured. His ruddy face was white with foar, and the ashen hue crept over and upon it. The effect ef the drug was overcome by fear and a hollow cough tilled the vault. It was all in a moment. Before the startlod face of the youth had evidenced his wondor, with paled lips at that phantom before him, quick as the flash of light from his knife the old devil leaped to his victim, aud flesh or spirit, grasped the yielding form by the throat and bore it t« tbe stony floor. His knife was raised to strike! But tbe light reached that face before tho knife. The descending knife swerved to the stone floor and tbe blade was broken from the hasp! The blow had been parried by those grapepurploeyes—and a hopeless face which be had seen before. "Dirt or devil F' ho hissed as ho loosened his hand upon the throat. But there was no answer. "Speechless! Then, by heavens, you are spirit!" Still the night eyes looked, calm and gentle, into his. The old wretch was fascinated. He took his hand from tbe throat aad stroked the brow of the boy. "Surely you are flesh and blood, Hubert!" But not a word from Pinnie. The old man shook hiin. "Say, are you realf" The lips parted and muttered somethins too indistinctly te be heard. "By heavens! you are real, or else this drug lias played mo false." Then suddenly he changed his tone to gentleness. "Jjook here, boy, I want to know who you are— what is your name!" "Pinnie," gaspod the youth as if in nightmare. Tho robber was thrilled ae by an electric shock. "See here, boy; is your name Pinnie)" "Yes." "•Where did you get itf Did that come from a Spaniard called the Tigert" "Yes." "Hell and fury! 'Where did you come froml" "The sea," replied the youth, a brightness in his look. "Am I dreaming, and this but tb9 phantom of that drug! Young man, where have you been for tn enty years!" "At tho school." "Where do you live now?" "Where you saw me before." "Well, boy, I shall not barm you, nor lot any one else. Butdou't you ever let that Spanish devil get his bauds on you, or your time nil! lie at hand." "Who nre yon!' 1 asked the boy with more confidence. "Never mind. Yonr name is Hubert—but make no changcs now." "And you—are f "Stop! Bay not another word." But it was net necessary to caution him. Tho extraordinary influence of tho face before and over him and the expectation of death had sustained the frail boy. That removed, he fell back upon the outlaw's arm uueouscious. Tho robber Iajd him gently upon tho floor and arose. Quickly grasping the treasure, bo passed through the vaulted doors and patisod to the fireplace. But in that teu socesds n terrible simple had been going on in the crime-scarred breast of the man. He paused a moment aud drew deep sighs. Tho noxt step was backward. Retracing, be re-entered the vault, replaced the packet —and vanished. He could not condemn his own son to shame, and perhaps to prison. CHATTER XT. A STItAISirrSTORY AKD A rAITHFtTL T,TE. "Help! Help!" A smothered cry came up from somewliere. It was unanswered. "Help, oh, help, Mr. North 1 ." again came forth from the somewhere, like the ory of an infant from beneath a heavy covering. It roftly permeated tbe old oaken dining room and may have reached the hall which opened into the modern reception room—but then died out like phantom footfalls. "Help! Help! Where am It" A* comfortable watchman, on that comfortable night, was comfortably smoking bis pipe, looking to the east to notice the first streak of the rieh red dawn. The stars bad paled slightly and the deep, dark color of the now moonless sky took on a glimmering luster of violet before tiio rayless arch surrendered to red and blue. He raised his band to push the ashes from his pipe—but held it midway motionless. His ear caught the rippling echo of some distant call. He turned on bis heel—and again—and again—came the sound of a woman's voice. But its origin was a mystery. First he caught it from tho bouse walls and again from the woods—and then from the sky. He ran softly to a large window, on that side of the building where be had been walking to and fro, and listened again. "It is too early for them to be getting around in the house," be said, and began to walk aronnd close to the walls of the building. When he came to the old dining-room window he noticed that one of the panes of glass gave no reflection of the sky. He came cautiouslyupand undertook to touch it with his hand. But it did not touch. His hand entered tbe building! At the soma time he heard the cry, now more distinctly: "Help! Helpl" "Yes, yes. Who's there!" shouted the watch, placing his face to the broken window. "It's mo! It's me!" came the response "Where are you! Where ami!" . . "Well, I don't know where you are—I lenow where I am. Who ore your' "I—I—am—I don't know who lam!" replied the voice. "I can't get out!" The reader can imagine that Pinnie, as we shall continue to call him for tbe present, told tbe truth. He did not know who be was at that moment And in that suffocating moment when the truth poured in upon him he discovered that he must tell all he knew—or nothing of Importance to himself. Pinni. was not a fool, as we have before observed "You don't know who you are! Well, I ahrald think likely," said the watchman as be crawled into the room. "Wa will help you to find out." Ho scratched an enormous match, and at the same time a voloe came from the hallway: "Hello, therel An' phwat's the matter wid ye!" The door opened and in strode Bonar. "An' phwat's the foos abootl" "That's what I want to know," said the watch. "Everything is all right till morning, and then some gal-baby cries for help, and a devil a bit do I know where she is or who she is. Say, hello therel" be yelled. "Yes, sir," said the voice. "That's the voice of Mr. Pinnie, lam belavin'," qulokly suggested Bonar In surprise. "And who is Mr. Pinnie!" asked the watch. But before the question was answered another person entered and demanded to know the cause of the racket. But he also bad difficulty in finding out. Tbe watch walked across tbe room to where the voice seemed to come, and there in the lightening gloom he noticed the broad panel-like door of the vault "Mr. North, what is this!" Conrad noticed that the door w»> 'pen, and immediately called; "Are you in the vault!" To the amazement of all a voice replied: "Yes Sir; I think so." North was almost too surprised to speak. "Bonar, what is that!" "Faith, an' I wad ar axed ye the same question." "Where are the keys to the vault!" "An' they're where they ought to be, sir— Howly Moosis!" he shouted. "But will ye look at the like o' that!" and he pointed to the small panel, doubled up on itself. "We have been robbed," said Conrad slowly. "And we probably have one of the robber* caged." His remarks were cut off by the pushing open of the outer door, and the sudden pearance of tho youth. He had been guided to tbe location of the doors by their voices, and found the inner door closed so that not a particle of the morning light had entered his prison. And when be camo forth from his grave, it was no wonder that t wo of the men who had never seen him were startled. The watch was thoroughly frightened. And it was all that Conrad could do to hold bis courage. Tins was not the robber that he was looking fori Bonar was the only one who retained his balance. "An" phwatbeyedoln' in that hols for!'' "Idontknowl" said the youth, turning to Mr. North. "Who is this, Bonar!" asked Conrad, in rather severe tones. "Tell the gintleman who ye be, Mistlier Pinnie," suggested Bonar. "Who are you, my boy, and what ere you doing in our muniment room!" asked North. "1 don't tbink I can tell you now, sir." Conrad took Bonar by the shoulder a-ide nnd said. "Is this a lunatic or what!" "Mr. North," said Pinnie, coming forward with a fragile step, "I think I can tell you hotter olono; I am not strong enough to stand up longer." "Sit down, boy. Bonar give me tho enndle." Conrad took the light, entered tho dark room and to hiB surprise found the package on the floor where it had been flung. At this moment a servant girl entered the room, tnok in the situation, shrieked three or four times, and In Ave minutes the whole house was in an uproar. Conrad took Pinnie into the library, leav. ing Bonar and the watch and the vault. In a few moments he began to tell how he happened to be in the bouse, and then imprisoned in the vault "I didn't sleep we'l. I heard you come home. Then I think the moonlight kept me awake. By and by something fell on my bed. It was the cover to a chimney hole in tho wall. I looked up and could see t he black hole. I couldn't keep my eyes off from it." "Yes, yes, go on," said North with iropntience. Pinnie bad now been talking a good while and was ncting a little strangely. "Yes, sir, but I ean't think very well now—I bavo been very bail—and I am sick now, sir—very sick!" Courad rang the b»U violently nnd when the little dimity maid came in, all ercitomf.il, he told her to bring in water and wiue, "and hurry it up, too!" And no one knows the amount of speculation this niylcr caused in and about tho kitchen. 1'inuie took deep draughts of the water, but scarcely tasted the wiue—which at onco elevated him in Conrad's estimation. Aud then he continued: "I heard a scraping in the chimney-hole, and I got up and put my hand in, aud it touched something like an old shoe, and the moment I touched it it was taken away. So I dodged down, having heard that sometimes robbers come down chimneys. And then I saw tho white bed was nil black with soot, and I was afraid that Mrs. North wouldn't like it." "Yes, yes," said North, again getting impatient. "So I—I—I almost forget—it was so long ago! I think I thought that some one was trying to steal, and then you might think it was me. So it seemed that I ought to get Mr. Bonar, or do something. And though I was frightened I got up and put on my pantaloons and stockings, so as to be decent, and wont down the stairs in the dark. The moonshine was very bright in the ball, but I didn't know where to find Bonar, and in a few moments the moonshine began to go out. Then I carefully opened the door at tho end of tbe hall—very still—and I could sco tho shnjio of a man working at the window." Aud so Pinnio told the 6tory of how he bad watched every movement of the burglar— and how on™ he actually sot in a rhelr, and again crouched beside the sideboard— and at length followed bim into the vault. "Were you not afraidi'' ssked Conrad. "Yes, sir. I trembled a good deal, because I was sick—but I moved awful still." "Whydidynu not cry out and call the watch!" "I did not know you kept a watch, sir. I wns afraid to cry out." "Why did you not come away as soon as he went into the muniment room and alarm us!" "I did not know that it was the muniment room—I was never in one before." "When be threw you down, why did he not tako tbe treasure!'' "I don't know what the treasure is you speak of. He had a package of something in his hand the last I saw him." "My boy, you are tho bravest lad ever known. You go to bed now, if you wish. And you need not worry any more about a home, as I understand you to say that is what you came to me for. You have bought a homo and paid well for it." (To he continued.) •the blow hat bees pabwed jit tboeb OnAPE-PDRPr.E EVES, AND A HOPELESS PACE HE HAD BEEN BEFORE." 