ST. MARY'S FEDERAL FAIR. AND CARNIVAL. -4--e-- O Thurnday evening, the 29tlh ult., the above fair and carnival was opened in the North Melbourne Tqwn Hall, by the Very Rev. Dean McKenna, V.G., in aid of the building fund of thle local (RI.C.) new church. Tile Deann having been iniroduced to the audience by the Rev. Fatlher Murphy in aca?mpimeutlary speech, he cname forward and in feelilng ternms (whlich appeared in our last issue) alluded to the nltiring services rinderel Iby their late iparish priest, Father Ayl ward. to the great work they had in hand, andi hie expresseld a hlope that the cin gregatiit would extendl t. Father Mur ihy that Ilyal sulport which was sc liberally bestowed oin his predecess.irs iiandI so miu.h needed at tihe piresent tim'. The attendance, thuglgh very fair in thl openi:g niighlt, was not nearly sc, large as exileeled. Shortly after the fair was declared open, St. Mary's clhiir, under thie Ibaton if Herr de Chantldr, rendlered tile g!he, " A Pretty Village Eliden-,'"in i-igii-cbii s toanner, wihice was much appreciated by tihe audience; and later on .in the eventing they favarel with " Good t. Beloved." On Fri day evening, fpfestor W. A. )Davis, tthLe popular ih.igtnist, apliear,.d in his celebrated "Soiree Miraculei'e." and-in troducedl the latest, cleverest, and most amusing feats of mnagic, as presented by lnutier De Kolta in Paris andi Londion. I turing the first part of his performaane he exhibited some imo.t antusing feats if " Escamoterie;" the, Mysteiiius Hat, the Diablolical Handkerchief, and Spirit Slate Writing Extraordinary. After an interval of about half an houir, during rwhich time the various stall-holders and their taslefully attired youing lady at tinlants were most asoiduortsiinxer cising their plrsiasive powers to extract the sislxplencs from tlhir fr'eills and patrots. The profe.sor coisdl great amiusetunt during the second part of Ihis pierfinmance, whichl cilmprised his origi nal Ventrilhquial and Minnetic eatrtain ment, introducing tihe latest songs, wit ticisms, anld surprises; and also as inci dental soings, " Hi-T.ddly-li," " Dear Ol Friends," "Parson andl Clerk." and " Marguerite." In tihe final part 'f the professor's progrnmn hlie was very clever in the " Supreme Art of Spirit Raising," permitting himself to blie tied upi in a black canvas bag, anl bound to a chair, ,n whI:ch he sits within a cabinet in which it is itmpossible for him to have any material to work on, and within the space of a very few miinutes, proiduces three disinct "Ghosts," one after the other, and totally different in size and appearance. On Saturday evening, the 3rd inst., there wras no sign of imlirovemient in tihe numtberslf the two previotts niglhts. The programme for the evening conplr'sed a vi'sal anld instrumnenali entertaitnment, Mr. E. Leitcell openig witrh a piano stlt, and in his maniipultation shlrwed Itimoself to be a Imaster of that instrnument. Dr. Goodall, who pits-sses a very good baritone voice, sang " The Wearing of the Green," in spiritedl yet sympathetic style, for rwhiclh lie wirs d servedly encored. An instrumental trio by Messrs. Connolly, Petschl, al If,.ithl was nuch appreciated by tle auttletce. Miss Bodnman, a very sweet soprano, sang, " Star of My Soul," writh great eliect, and wras lheartily applatlded. Mir. Petsch gave a cello solo in a masterly mianner, wlticlh was suitably acknow ledged. Mr. llowitt had ti re-pond to three encores fr his coltic singing in character. Mr. E. Leitchl gave another very fine pierformance on the piano. Dr. Goodall also favored withl anlthler song. Mr. Connolly's rendiering if a violitn sol, was heartily applautled, as also was hs song in clhiracter, " My I i ddle is My Sweetheart." Miss [odman appearedl again, and sang, " A May Morning," very sweetly, andti responded to an encore, by singing " It was a l)reiam." MIr. IHowitt brought the evening's enter tainitment to a cl so with at re of his funny business. Monday evening, wre are pleasedt tt say, was " tdecidedt ittprov, ttent tin Fri day antl Saturday evenings, in point of attendance. The entertaintent of that evening was an elocution completition, in which there wrere fourteen cimtletitors, imany of wlom displayed elocutinarry and emtotional power beyondl the aver age; but wre must refrain from colument. as thle verdict is oub jilice. On Tuesday evening, the entertain nient comprised a solratne solo cotmpe:i tion, in which 11 competitors took 1art, many of whrm were of a high order, and all were in gotOd vrice, and tlhtir efforts were acknowrledged iby the auli ence with rounds of applause at the cn elusion of earchl numbelr. Wednesday evening's entertainment was a pianoforte solo competiitin (for performers under 18 years). All the youthful perfortmers displayed a well grounded and thorough knowledge of tilhe instrument; and thie various numbers rendered were listened to wrtih marked attentiion by friends and visitors. Last night (Thlursday), the great com pietition for best comic song took place. This was a very popular lixture, as some well-known exponents in tihe art of anmusing in this way were entered on the programme, The judges ill thie varitus comtpeti tions were as follows;-Eloct tiont: Re citatiol (serious), l)r, Neill, [r. W. Maloney, M.L.A., antl Mr. W. A. Watt, M.L.A. Singing (Soprano solo), first section: Mr.W. .1. Turner. Pinnuforte solo (for performers under 18 years), first section: Messrs. J.. Seide and A. Nesbitt. Song (hunmorous): Dr. O'Don nell and Mr. I). Brown. The following is an nameudedi list of tile stall- bolders and their "ttendauts: Federal Stall-Mesdamnes T. Fogarty and D. O'Callaghan. Assistants--Misses A. Nolan, Costelloe, McGrath, Seedorf, and Daly. Victoria Stall-Misses Bailie and Byrne. Assistants-8Mesdamies tGutn, fMcDonald, Morkin, Tully, and Man son. The Under-clothing Stall, in con nection with the Victoria Stall, is in charge of Mrs. Saleeba and Miss MIc Gregor. New South Wales Stall-Mesdames O'Dea and Cooney. Assistatnts--- isses Tallant, Laffan, Murray, Cooney, Slnt tery, Doohan, and O'Deta. Queensland Stall-Mesdantes Murray and WVadick. Assistan ts - lcsdatnes J. P. Mahoney and M[. T. Gleoson, and Misses Zan, PIu:..x, Roacrle, Ryan, and O'Brien. Ssush Australia Stall-Mlesdatnes N. M1. O'l).Dnnell and aM. P. Jsgenzrs. As sis'snts-lesdatntes Ol'eelfe, Hughes, Kennv, O'Brien. and de Chtanedt, and Mli-ses C. Zan, lDunne and Henry. West Australia Stall-Mrs. Kenny and Miss 1. Johnston. Assistants Misses Carroll, Madden, llenry, Rynn, Kennedy, Cunninglhanm, Gunn. and Plasto 'lastuania Stall-Chjildren os Mary Misses Ieavis, O'KeelY., alMNatrars, Doherty, J. Johnston, Rysa, L5,sihan, Atkinson. Griffith, Hourigan, Lylane, and Minogue. There is a complete change of pro grarmae arranged for next seek. 