HOW THE FAITH IS LOST. In our last issue a correspondent ' Senex , Sacerdoa' brought under notice of our readers the great need of Catholic literature in the homes of our people. The want in question is not a matter of recent discovery. When we consider the condition or the intellec tual and spiritual life among many Catholics in this country, wo have to turn to the Christian homo as an essen tial element in tho education of tho children of the Faith. What more modern powerful means for the dissemination of truth and promotion of piety than bhe press? especially in Australia ? where Catho lics are' in a scattered minority ; where the spiritual care of a single priest extends over an area much larger than many-, dioceses in other countries, and when a great portion of his time has often to be devoted to building churches and schools. Of course, nothing can compensate the loss of the priest. He is the divinely-appointed minister of God to evangelise His people. But the press is a powerful auxiliary to the cause of i eligion. Everyone admits the value of a good book, magazine, or paper. But is not such a treasure indispensable to those, i who, owing to the circum stances of the place, have seldom the opportunity of- hearing oral instruc tion ? For the want of something to remind them of the dignity and glory of our holy faith, many have forgotten the religion of their fathers. It is a - melancholy fact that in many parts of this vast country, families have fallen ? away from the Church ; the children , even of the ' exiles of Erin' have lost all trace of the faith of their fore-, fathers. They have ceased to remem ber that they are the children of martyrs. A glance at the names in the marriage and death notices of our daily papers is a sufficient proof of this state ment. , . - ? And why was this ? It may be ac counted for in many ways. Some left their homes in other lands armed with the sword of faith, bub not with the breastplate of knowledge. On landing on these shores they wore . confronted ''with two classes of people — the one ' who felt no sympathy with their reli gious instincts, the other the avowed enemies of all Christianity. Deprived of its necessary nourishment, stripped of its proper safeguards, exposed to the withering flight of infidelity or indif- ference, weakened by associations that were inimical to it, the light of divine faith paled, its fire burned low, and in course of time even its ashes were scattered to the winds. Some of tho victims of ignorance were brought to this country in their infancy and youth, and their poor parents, though deeply, attached to the ancient faith themselves, were prevented in many ways from instruct- ing their offspring. The necessary and unceasing toil of the settler in the lonely bush and the want of a Catholic school to strengthen the paternal. ad- vice or supply its want, were some of the principal obstacles. Their, child ren had to attend State schools where religion was , entirely ignored, where some of tho teachers were practical unbelievers. The children of such schools were not taught to love their Catholic companions. The non- Catho- lic pupil is usually armed with insinuating though fallacious argu- ments against Catholic doctrines and practices, which they derive either directly from the- parents or from bad books scattered abundantly in every home. Protestant parents usually ob- tain their knowledge of Catholicity from the works against ' Romanism ' that are to be found in almost all the public libraries, as a part of tho current literature of tho day. Another cause of the loss of faith to many in this land is tho great evil of mixed mar riages, an evil against which the Church, with true material solicitude, has ever protested. The dangers spoken of were not peculiar to country places j tho cities number too many whose faith has been wrecked. The simple, but practical faith of many of tho parents cannot, in its purity and integrity, be so transmitted to colonial-born children. Passive credulity is not their gift, prying inquisitiveness is a marked character istic. They have to meet the objec- tions of others, and their knowledge of the Church is often no more extensive than what is gathered from the narrow social spheres within which they have to move. Their temporal interests aro. not promoted by bein^ practical Catholics. Under such circumstances they re quire a sound religious knowledge ; they should be stimulated to a study of the faith and its teachings. They should know to some extent the share of the Church in shaping and develop ing modern civilization, her influence on laws and society, and the careers of her noble sons and daughters. They should also know that they are members of the most glorious society that ever existed on earth, and that they are united in communion, with the saints and co-heirs with Christ. It must loe pleasing to' all to see that the day is passing when the family library of many of our people princi pally consisted of gorgeously bound and absurdly expensive Catholic books, more for ornamont than use. A whole library may be purchased for what one of -those books used to cost. ' Sonex Sacerdos ' offers many prac ' tical suggestions as 'regards, parochial libraries. He has tried the experi- ment, and is more than pleased with the results. American Catholics have opened new ground, or to speak more correctly, have followed the example of England in conveying wholesome spiritual, aliment through the land. They have organised 'Catholic Trith Societies ' in nearly all of their princi pal cities. They are substantially organisations of the laity. The pur poses are to explain the doctrines and practices of the Catholic Church, to give lectures on topics a Meeting, her history, and to distribute literature as well to non-Catholics as to Catholics. Two classes are encountered in the performance of this work, those who read and those who are willing to listen to lectures. It is only right that the laity, in common with the clergy, should, have an interest in the spiritual well-being of their fellow men. The priest by reason of his position does not come in contact with great masses as does the layman, The laity associate more closely and con tinuously with men of every shade of belief and unbelief. They frequently hear their Church traduced and mis represented by some and misunderstood by others. In these respects therefore they are oftener able to instruct their fellow-countrymen. .. Besides our non-Catholics meeting with Catholics in the daily walks of life are more apt to consider with them in a friendly and unprejudiced fashion topics of a religious character than with one about whom they have, per haps, heard ghost stories ever since they discarded swaddling clothes. In this apostolate of good reading it is impossible to overrate the influence of the modern Fourth Estate. After the Church no other agent has played so important a part in the dovelop mont, of modern civilization as tho press. The newspaper is tho people's literature, and whatever tho people read, whether light or profound, learned or unlearned, must sooner or later, have its effect. If the press in general has contributed so largely to the world's advancement, what must be the influence of that portion of it conducted by Catholic editors, along the lines marked' out by Catholic principles 1, One of tho main functions of the newspaper is of course to give tho news, to tell what is happen ing throughout, tho world. Modern scientific discovery has so changed the relations of time and space that, the morning paper has boon called tho world's daily history; The ' Catholic journalist, however, has a higher duty than to merely relate daily incidents. It.is his duty to present facts in the light of Catholic truth which will show their relation to tho eternal destiny of man. He seeks to elevate tho taste of the people by' supplying them with sound, wholesome reading, secular as well as religious. He vindicates Catholic doctrines and defends the Church from the insidious attacks of her enemies. One of the most en couraging signs of the times is that Catholics can get a hearing Catholic truth must prevail when presented to people willing to examine it. Nine tenths of the prejudice against the Church is the offspring of ignorance ; were Catholic aims and Catholic doctrines put clearly before the people, this prejudice would quickly disap pear. Australian Catholics should make good use of this powerful lever for their own advancement. For the last 20 years Catholic newspapers in Europe and America have held their own with their non-Catholic contemporaries. The duty of maintaining the high standard of the Catholic, newspaper depends more on the people than on the editor. In our own case, we ask support for the 'Catholic Press' merely on its merits. We in vite comparison with the secular weekly papers. It is no small achieve ment to have produced in two years the largest threepenny newspaper in Australia, and to have placed in the hands of Catholics a weapon which no one can afford to disregard. 