By Fair Means or Foul. BY ALAN ADAIR. CHAPTER III. A DISMAL room in a dirty row of houses-a dissipated-looking man seated before an untidy table, eating-or, at least, trying to eat-a greasy-looking chop on a half-cold plate. His glittering eyes and cruel mouth remind one of Robert Endover, but his hair, which is light, and his auburn beard are sufficient to blot out the resemblance to the Robert Endover who was so long con sidered to be Squire Hilton's heir. _ Notwithstanding these discrepancies in bis appearance, however, it is none other than Robert Endover who is the occu pant of this lodging. Strange to say, too, he is not depressed but elated, and that this is not diie to drink will be seen by his exclamation-'It has turned at last I Now I'm on the winning tack. How lucky that Stevenson should have died I' Young Stevenson would have no idea wholwas even if I were to disclose my name, which I am not going to do. William Jennings i whit a delightful name I Anybody could be William Jennings < There must be ten thousand William Jenningses in the world! Well, I begin my work to-morrow, and if I don't do something in the end to upset my dear- uncle's last will aqd testament, nay name hut Endover, and is'Jennings i' The greasy-looking chop was not tempting, and Endover pushed back his plate. Ill go to the club; my luck has turned. And although the imall fry only play for sixpences, yet their honest rains won over their wooden counters are as happy in my pocket as in theirs. I-consider I am not altogether unsuc cessful in the art of living by my wits.' An evening spent in a 'social club' in the company of small tradesmen and better-class mechanics would not hare seemed a' very alluring prospect to Robert Endover a few months ago, but BOW gambling was the only enjoyment be knew. . By fair means or foul, he meant to get nick his inheritance-and be meant to ? -win Winifred- j : ' To gain these two objects be bad laid plans which seemed just now as if they would meet with success. ( ' V ' * * * . Young John Stevenson had never oOme across such a good clerk as Wil tu Jennings proved. It seemed as if work «ere a pleasure to him. He toiled.night and day, and nothing in the .way of {rouble came amiss to him. The r *oing solicitor was quite relieved to find such a faithful servant His father's tStt^deti death (he bad died of heart disease) had put bim at the bead of a latge business. His father's old clerk wufriling in health, therefore William -^JpniflgV Assiduous attention to work j; Vaqdoubly welcome. .< "It became quite a settled thing that Jennings should be the first to come in the morning, the last to go away at night. /,?Gradually the keys of the safes and the deed-boxes were given into his hands, Md if the old clerk shook a head grown . grey io the-Stcnntoos' service at this ? over-great trust on the part of bis young . toaster, he was the only one who1 thought J |tftt - too. much confidence might . placed in William Jennings. Everything, therefore, was going, smoothly, when one morning William - \ Jennings received a .nasty shock. There was « smalt newspaper shop close to Mr. ?4 Stertnmh's office, add is he passed it i Williamjennings came face to face with .Joan whose, appearance was in a curious manner familiar to him. It reminded ;'.Wm of Simmons the poacher; but he . Uieir Simmons to be securely lodged in ,ptpon. Strangely enough, the man seemed to recognise William Jennings, yet did not .accoil him. Yet this small circumstance gave the trusted clerk a Hldiog of insecurity. It became actually jpainful for him to pass by the news- shop, and he would willingly have walked miles rather than meet the man. Had he known thatjhe man had been In the habit of dogging his footsteps be would have been much more perturbed. As it was, be was in ignorance of this fact Yet so closely did this man watch Mm that hot one, of William Jennings's doings was unknown to him. Of course he had his object in this. Six months had elapsed, and still the trusted clerk was as assiduous as ever in the" discharge of his duties. Young Stevenson thought it would be a good opportunity to take a few day's rest, r Seeing that he had such a good servant to take his place, he felt it possible to absent himself from the office for a few dty* Jennings had long: wanted this oppor tunity | now he conld stay as long as he liked )md ferret out what he could con cerning George Hilton's will. He had j Mot found out much about it as yet, as 1 the deed-box devoted to the Hilton estate wai almost filled with title deedB and papers relating to investments. Robert Endover resolvod this time to act with caution; his aohemes should not all be wreoked again through Jeav : ing things in other persons' bands than v his own. He did not at onoe proceed ? to'liiak® himself acquainted with the oontents of the Hilton deed-box, but ! resolved to work late the next day until ?: he should have the office to himself. . He could soarcely'await the evening, ? although he had forced himself to do it, : telling, himself that undue preciptaacy had rained his first soheme. But the day's work was ended, everyone had left, at last. Robert Endover found himself alone, and about the work that he nad schemed for six months to do. Carefully he olosed all the doors, but when he found himself alone his nerves began to give way a little under the Sresaure be was putting upon them, 'he outer room seemed so dark, and there were so many nooks and corners in which a man might hide himself. Jfe washed diligently through th<? .^|gon)s, bud hp fount} ng one. Then hjt suddenly bethought himself that i{ he lit all the gas it would look more com fortable and cheery ; he had a horror of being alone in the dark. He piled some more coals on the fire, and the gas cer tainly did improve the look of the room. He felt quieter, and set about his work. There was nothing unusual in the fact of his working late by himself, but on this occasion he had told the caretaker that be would be doing so, and that he | himself would make everything safe ; I therefore, she had not been in to close the windows and secure the shutters. Robert Endover had seon to this him self, but in his excitement he hid over-looked the fact that one side window was still uncovered. If he had seen an ugly face pressed closely to the window-pane matching his every movement, it is doubtful whether he would have considered the gas such an improvement upon the dark. The face belonged to the man who had re minded him so strongly of the poacher Simmons, and who was, in fact, Simmon's brother. .. Endover had two separate things to see to: the first was to possess himself of bis uncle's last will constituting Ber tram Elton his heir; the second to see if the will leaving everything to himself was still in existence. The last was as important as the first to him, for without it, the property would naturally revert to Elton, being the son of the elder sister. The old will was soon found: Robert read it over, clause after clause, with evident relish. It should still be put in force-he swore it. And then he read the new will with heart burning and feelings of vendictiveness. Everything to Elton- nothing to himself -it was wicketf I His first thought was to utterly destroy this will; (ire was the safest medium. But the fire in the grate had gone out; however, there still remained the gas. Even as be was raising his hand to burn the will something creaked-it almost sounded iike a footfall on the stair. Endover turned ashly pale. He could not burn the will that evening. He would hide it, and on some future occa sion he would burn it. He remembered the penalty for burning a will. There was none attached to hiding one, if it could even be proved he had hidden it. There was some old deed boxes which had nit been used for the last ten years. No one would ever think of looking in them for George Hilton's last will and testament; they had nothing to do with the Hilton family, and were mostly filled with papers belonging to Stevenson him self. One of these Endover opened. He abstracted an old mining prospectus which had been put there for ao con ceivable purpose, opened it, and laid George Hilton's will carefully inside it. He heaved a deep eigb. After all bis waiting and work, tlie deed be bad planned was dona The face outside the window conver ted the sigh into a grin. Endover lockefeip the deed-boxes and ( the safes. Finally, much againBt bis ' own will, he turned out the gas and 1 grbped his way downstairs in the dark. ' When he reaohed the shelter of his own , roomi, he called himself a coward for ! not (having burnt the will. But all the | same, he felt no. inclination to do so. The fact was that be was ruining bis nerve by drink and gambling. It seemed to him just then as if burning the fateful document were the one thing he could not do. Though the course of true love was running preternaturally smoothly at the rectory, yet, sorrow was making for herself a dwelling there. Day by day the rector grew more shadowy, more like the ghost of his former .self. His strength left him gradually but surely. Now he scarcely rose from his oouch, and Winifred foresaw the day approach ing when he should not be able to leave his room. . A young, vigorous man thundered forth from the pulpit which had not known anything louder and stronger than the rector's old sermons for many a day. It. nearly broke the girl's heart to see his dark head where the white looked one had always been. Bertram Elton saw almost as much of the rector as of his betrothed. He loved the gentle unworldly old man whose life seemed precious only to the two girls, for whom his presence meant home. The two men were sitting together in the twilight. The rector had placed one worn hand upon Elton's. Bertram, be said quietly, it is coming very soon now. I thank God I could leave them in your care, even If you were not rich. I should be glad to give you Winnie-,butlearn from an unworldly man that riolies are good things, al though a trust in God is a better. My heart has been heavy for my girls many a time. Now you will have them in your care. Be tender with them. They have never had n harsh word said to them ; it would break my heart if I thought you would treat them unkindly. You can trust me, sir, Baid Elton quietly. ? Yes, I can trust you, returned the reotor; forgive my anxiety but they are so helpless. Bertram had no idea then that the end would be so near. In the dawn of i the following morning the rector's pure | soul left its earthly tenement, Wini-: fred and Daisy were orphans. ! Misfortunes never come alone. The ' shook of his friend's death was too much for the frail body of George Hilton. He was taken ill the same day he heard the news, and before the week was ended he, too, had gone over to the majority. So these young people found tb am selves all at -once bereft of their dearest and nearest; and the suddeness of it was so great that all other and worldly thoughts were forgotten for the time. | (To be continued.) Thk LIVERPOOL AND LONDON AND GLOBE i» " the ereat flre inautanoe company of the world." Invested funds £8,^06,405.-AbthoP MOBQAK, Agent for Warwick and District. 