AT THE BEEHIVE. OUR THEATRE-GOERS. MOSQUITO. Our theatre-goors, or at least a great lot of them, are a wonderful and peculiar people. They like their plays to be not less than fifty years of age, and their actors and actresses to have been'thovo 'op.thpre ubonts when they wore ‘ Written;;- ; Ho\y plays, now playwrights;. ‘*(f r 0590a and new faced ; acfcpr^;,}iiixVp i show with t our ol d-fashioued'. styio6%: t hoatro goors. Bring a drst-chiss iup-fc-datp Com pany: to Bendigo, Xn'i-it'B|i;d^^^B ? otar- as serbwing sustcmaiVoo out 6V I lib* .ghost” that walks or ouglit.tp; walk tb.ofßendlgo stage is, concerned; There ffiavo;.orily-.b6on two companies of latothad could do' any thing with Bendigo i^dion^si..^ they did remarkably Well, - It shows. ayhat a good sterling old, actor. Grattan >;3iiggs is nearly 100 years of ago—By Jove, he must bo going on for a hundrod yoard, I have seen, him so often?—whongbihgon for a hundred years, ho/can-., attract; and" entertain us as thoroughlyamVascapahlyas when ho was a young .goSspon Of only 50 or. GO,, By the bye, it’s iirwilys tho b’y r .-that Grattan will bo, for he’s never, yet invited the priest to a matrimonial; cele bration. After finishing in Bendigo' after: Christmas, tho u lloyorond ” Mr. Biggs— with apologies to Sir, 'William'#bal; for “ reverend ” —wont, to Melbourne and there for several weeks'on end is still clrawing, “houses" like housed to do on his urrival iir tho colony ii round score of years ago. More power ,to the old mil, and Johns keep ing memory green in our hearts till, his* usual itineracy of Australia and ita islands .com-, ploted, iiis advance agon tclimbs , tho'ofllce stairs again and says “ young men, most of ,those advance ■ agents—“l’m Bringing up ;old Riggs again 1" •, . . • '•;* v . Then there's Miss, Maggie aa.jilso: Miss Marian Willie, who ihavcyuatleft us; What lino bouses those two got, where :a couple o,f far younger -and less experienced actresses would have probably bad to show .their agility in a how balcony scene or side window scene, by jumping their hotel bills. Miss Maggio : Mporo bus indeed got round our thoatro-goors. ItVhor intolli gonee, her tact, her swCot voice and her soothering blarney that does it. .Thechoico of tho plays, too, has no doubt as in Grat tan Riggs' case something- to do with it. When they stick to the Irish it pulls them through again and again. But soft and silly and childish old play as Very much of “ Struck Oil ” Undoubtedly .-is, it abounds in real touches of genuine, universal, human pathos and an, undoiviciurrent of humor permeates tho whole. It's, a silly old play, nevertheless, taking it altogether. It is far inferior in humor and pathos to Rip Van Winkle, who no doubt inspired it. But no one can say that he didn't feel better after seeing and hearing the old man and his “ Loezie," dr that he didn’t pick up a useful, practical and enlighten ing hint or two by a sorious'and reflective study of Deacon Skinner and bis ways. IRISH PLAYS IX COLONIAL TIIEATUB3, How is it that Irish plays are so very popular with colonial audiences? It is not altogether nor nearly altogether because everywhere there is a largo sprinkling of Irish playgoers. I have beard quite as many colonial Irishmen laugh at our Irish plays for unnatural and over-strained non sense as I have heard people of other races. Butsomohow or other they go down with all sorts and conditions of theatre goers, and tho applause and appreci ative laughter comb from'all round. Has there never been a purely English pastoral or provincial drama of the English conn ties as there is of Ireland ? Arc Scotland, Wales, J Cornwall .and' Geordyland so thoroughly drama-less that we can't oc casionally raise one from thoso regions to sandwich in along with the popular Irish drama? Eor the eternal Irish drama is getting very monotonousto agood many of us. There is none of tho “higher criticism” in your average theatre crowd. Like simple sensible people they go to bo amused, and they take care to be amused, even though (without knowing it) they supply probably nine-tenths of their own amusement by their own animal spirits and healthful viv acity, To produce anew Irish play it is not indispensably, necessary that it should be a newly written play. All that is required for the purposes of my average non-critical oasih’-amused theatre- goer is that there should be a sufficiency of intervals be tween the acts. Then, this important mattcrnttcndcdto,any old Irish play canbe dug out, the text verbally altered alitflo here and there, tho characters christened,with new names, and there you have your brand new Irish play. Tho lines on which Irish plays arc built are thoroughly arbitrary. There must bo a priest—overflowing with kindness, love and simpathy for everybody but especially for the hero and heroine. Then there must be a fine, bravo and honor able English- officer—that’s toffy thrown in to please tho English section of the audience. This fine, brave and honorable officer from England is torn between* strangely conflicting impulses—his ad miration for the hold, bravo virtuous peasantry and (by orders of the Govern ment to whom he owes fealty) his having to be going out every now and again and running ’em down so that ho can run,’ora in. In one of those hunting expeditions of his after the rebel hero of tho play. this noble hearted English gentleman comes across the rebel’s beautiful, bravo and vir tuous sister. He is mashed at once on her,. Then it is I.begin to pity the poor English officer jn real earnest. He's got to hunt .the. rebel, make love to the rebel’s sister,, re tain his admiration for the bold, bravo honest peasantry and retain his billet in the army by buntingtbom—all atth’osame tjmo. Poor fellow ! was a,man eyerin such afixr— except in on Irish play ? : Thcfi thor’o’s'tbo informer, process-server, landlord’s agent, gombeen man , or whatever they choose to call him... He’s the. very antithesis; of* the good priest arid of the English officer. He’s a “blaigyard” beyond redemption. He’s f jie essence boiled down and Hybor nicisdd of Sliylock, Ikey Mo, Quilp, Peep ing Tom and such-like, popular,favorites of the British stage and literature. Next there’s tho crowd of hang dog ragamuffins who arc always ready (at a price) to carry out the villain’s disreputable schemes. (This crowd ol retainers is, small or numerous according as tho business being done by tho : managomenfc will 'dy : ''"wfll : ‘-not of V supes ” and “ property men” on tho stage.) f Of,.course, no Irish piny would , bo complete without., the good natured: old woman.'' So there, a fat good natured old woman must bo pro vided, as also a pair of wrangling comic lov t 6rSjS,o-as to, t l akojroip;quj: > o£ the mouths of the autiiori'eo, Hio mushy, crying and tqo.swcety taste left by the heart-breaking and wailingly affec tionate interviews which tho noble minded English T;bfflcbr Sbas 1 ;; gob' to {liavej 1 Trim time to< time, witk the boble- raiuded rebel’s ' Just wlmfi { y6U' can ? b mush apy. aud,.ypu>e ; nearly on’the point of desperately yelling oyfe to. tiio ppoyoflloeri don’t you; give the cliap a.pass, and yourself and the by vAmericit I” Tlib ; falls . and \ th© ‘ ’ ! bbnii'o lovers.comb in' f;dconso,ie ;i ypu.. (I tbat <: there’s still theatre-goers : who know what comic lovers wore invented for, 'Sft'dntand y The characters nairicfly together with a ( judge, a policeman “supes” gaolers,%a v fQ\y “ rocks ” forxbo heavy villain to bo turn thodoxinm^^ cheat 'ana with, wind .ing bre;id-bnslmbs.. of tho actors. ■'<•;■■? ; Wait, ft while, however, till X write my! howaudoriginal monotonous «aJnano : :for the Irish informer What Mario (Joi’cUU hhs done in our own.day for, Satan Whatf in the hot genera (ion the Hoy. Thomjlsßar-. ham did for and ,Whiv6>impr.o‘ than two generations ago Herd. Byron did* for Luoifer. I intomLbo raakola patriotic,: 6olf-aacrlfioing, heroio bub grievdaely understood gontloman of the poor and persecuted informer and process-server; The noble.British,officer;,is-to -bo ( Ih but.-* throat and - ’thieving impostor, his, English nost by all, thoi arts -of . force; fraud aud duplicity. Tho doarlybolovjod. “Father Bhil” -of tho, orthodox play .is ito ; bo in league with him, The beautiful but; undutifal,.spoilt ’ and i ambitious: daughter i of tho heroic and hcart-rscaldcd in former is bo have an all-consuming hankering for tho Englishman's ‘-‘sugar’- and- position* lof which, hpwoyorj slip.,,pannob. obtain pos session without getting the Englishman too. ThOinformorisbarid 6f sneaking raga muffins is to bo 1 converted into a ’trimly built spick and span lot of youbg mpn ready with their fives in their 1 hands to follow their lender anywhere' at the' callof duty, and in defence of theircourttry’s honor, withoutatipnlating Whether it is to, bo payment by' the jpb ; or : by the (jay. The good-natured old woman is ’ to'be : a perfect old shrew with a smack with her ! Hsb and aii ; evil Word for 1 anything‘and everybody that crosses her ' path: 'The -“comic lovers” are to-got off nothing but ■ moral, didactic addresses Oh' r thedUfies' ; of 1 wives vice versa; arid dp the ecoijbraic and scientific raising arid training'of progeny. 'The' solemn, owl faced judge is;'to. dperi ' : thd court; with a song arid-: a hreok-dowri. The ''“-jmpp” •pel idomort a rVd the pri sOri era! are to htfarti ly join fin tho. chorus, arid .tho family' ihwyer is to; wind up uproariously with an oyster supper at tho expense of bis oyster-herided clients. ; The above; and other improve ments and innovations which T will make, together, with s thb introduction of aomo df ✓tho yilest and most irritating minstrelsy’ that. I can lay my hands on; along With a few suitable ■ and interesting stage dc coiiltions, will t think make up-a drama under which none of the audio'llc6 wjll bo .found snoring. It wilibo like' a revival of old times, more particularly so when tho audibnee take the play jintd : their' own hhiids and carry it through to' a ' howling, 'poll-breaking, spattering,'spluttering shul 1- thatch tearing and flyifig llnish. : ' r > N.B.—(as the play-bills will say) Free list entirely ; eusporided—Theatre-share holders and Press inohided. Sticks, Samh bags and Sticking-plaster may bo ordered for 8 p.m. ‘ " , :• ' " ■ ' .ii’rscßtr.AXEOxrs/ , I take occasion herb to merely remark what perhaps lias been, also remarked by a few. others Who remember tho facts, that with all their closing-lip speeches'-and, eulogies, of the President, the Loader, the officers, etc.,, and otKer big guns of .the Federation; Convention that no one "ap peared to think of Dr. Quick. Why -was .that? W T hy should itbq so, wlion.some,of the very youngsters in the street know that iinlcss Dr,. Quick had had the. brains arid the initiative to .think out his scheme for convening a Convention, said scheme being afterwards quietly and without, .ac knowledgment annexed by.thoPromioi;s in conference and included in Olio enabling bill under, which the Convention ,wqs elected—isojno Of the .very youngsters, in Iho street know'that but for Dr. Quick none of the Cohvonfrionists Would have been there. Good men, and fine men, men of whom almost any nation in. ,tbo world might bo proud as nearly the .Whole of tho Convention delegates were and are, I think they.deserve, stirring up , wijfch ,a bunch of nettles for their,. accidental or deliberate, ignoring -.Bendigo’s , learned _ doctor in Thb oj tho .coinplir mentis ..and congratulations. .' y, ' , We dro a riico lot of Blfilisbihos, in our troatmontofNorthcott’sßaridwhichhasjust concluded a series of eight* delightful open air concerts in the Carrip Hesorve.- Tdlk about the meanness of church-going people; the meanness of tho great majority of thise concert frequenters cannot very easily be surpassed.. ’ Altogether -there must, for tho eight evdnings, have -been some 36,000 The band' oh tho three occasions that it tried, collected a total of about .£1.5—3000 ponce—an average of Id for every TO persons.'-/ It instead of winding up* the season‘ With “God Save” tho bund ilad-* played -their mass of non-subscribors oiit : to' the tunc of “'The Hogue’s March’’ there' Would, have been very strong provocation for it;' The; band, however, as '; “ offertory 1 pieces 7 ’ should have played to the crowd ; 1 some such inspiriting and suggestive ; popular airs as Cs Gold; Gold,' Gold, I love to'hear, it Jingle;” * ■ w Tlio-iLuc%;;i?hrupJhy 7 - “There’s Gold in. the Mountain; Silvdrin the Mine,” “Climbing -up the Gotflen ; Stairs,” “Silver Threads ' Amongst f *‘.fcho Gold,” etc. Then if ; tbe b<%gars dfdn ? t. shell out, the bandsmen' ought 1 to have fired “Tho Hogue's March.”- at way bf “ recessional,” “ tlianksgi v ing* or; “ voluntary,”''' or whatever else is tlie.te'ch nical name* for playing an aadießce .out; ; . AVhen the; conn try,-bred, man; goes to Melbourne to look around he often acts and.;; talks- -like ■ a great', yokek^arid;gets ladghed at by the town- brod,-cogaoscenfci. But (he country yokel..has -liis ' revenge when the toW n ,brosriSa n"bry;pubh becomes a town Ybkcl'in.liis;.turm iGrpzjer Grudins, out Kamarooka way, had : a tpwri yokel one of his nephews—staying at 1 his place for a few days (luring this lash past lamb ing season. There wore two adjaoent'pad docks in Which there Were lam In ; drio paddock Uic lambs hid : had their tails docked. In the , other paddock nature’s own adornments / of the little innocents were, at'the will of thoir owners or in ro sppns.o-Xo tho agitatory vibrations of the passing balmy “breezes, still Wagging freely .and joyfully. In plain English their tails weren’t cut. Looking at * tlid long tailed lambs in tlio one paddock and at the short-tailed lambs imthc othbr, lho. ; y,oung N citHen«fr6irt; tbo; served, “ Ah,'of', course, uriclo, •. thesea re ; ;:4ifforcut /breeds of . sheop—a -Ibiig-, tailed breod>likp,the .ordinary,; -toiledneat’ and a breed 6t tailless sheep like T’m told there’s., .cttts, 7 ”; ’y.Cjts,l he hanged, boy !” growledbld' <Grazicr Gruffi ns, “if you are up in time ih-the raorriing, you’ll, soon •B'be' i hbw i st'lKf- urii'fchbm, .lerig' tailed lambs into tho. same breed os tho short-tailed follows.-*’. . (The-disgusted old man isi npw seriously thinking of writing' a lottOiv’ to' tho editor of EducatiDU ■ Department’s School Children’s Paper, on the neglected' ; education of city' : * ‘‘ModGsty in J #bmhn, good; triy lord; is l;ho immediate theiv-spUls,” w.oyds*- * is runbihg short ; fcjmy and” taking in did very well indeed ’at ■ the vWafrimml .-.Mmuld 'tohinjjio h,o°b) tlia t- this .sob-:, rotary write to, ■ - nbep*’ ic^ueo^^jE> rigiivor"tnirrcl; tbankyou. X like this, place best.l'eah dart out quickest •frohv l^Qvd.^anA ;iay: girl wbop the jsormonVbrbrl ; Oft: Bosspif oiuvbrazon jigger ! 80tu)d8bvoi;jthp) J b'it'lI’'be' ablb;tb pad fcho hoof faster from Here MiorV with thos welhv'm >t.hom- ptuk r paddoa wb a b-y baroal Is; ■ ’om&T; ■'■ : OhrJ tempbra, 1 Oh 'iloreßjiOh-.S'tiap'sh'ob! ; i /Tlldi J?rflraipr ; of,’.Now,South Willed, does j[ip'i?pdrairo, any (pf' the; JJppor r;HoiWft^- v -Xio r A, SaMVfc' Hi«> <3%g(iati,on*of : Hppbr Houses, ■as 'lyoli as Sip WilliXm pro-; .'opf the jGonvoijdloihiWasat the ZOttl.” \ Np Sir. . Zeal v 'boiled .up* dour /little thin rpldiXapbolorptiU stTOves ft ; ladipsVipan, * ,tho fat : jolly Jljoid I, jtpoW; it. ; Zeal;" spouds.-a very -big-, part; of (hip bfHdiabsdrow in giving'toa^ta^iugs'to hip,act bf Iddjtoa du the, Parllanjonb House biUoQmes} iMfing Ahem, to theatre follow to. bo styled " Kovorond.”: No ; wonder the ,old-gen fclqm an last his tom nor, i fretted ovorifc for two days, and* thou ! opened opt Qn.thoJay- bishqp.TVho.ordairied ;hi». f . u Yop’rp.a confcbm,ptjiblo follow/' ox ; claimed our attenuated Eriar i AuabiU. /VYouVb beneath insult,’RepliedJ?at XViond lipid.' It’s little incidents like.these that .pleyato'gatherings of geptlempu above tlio .dull common-place of mpto. assemblages of working mpn. v - > 