Two Little Rooms in Holyrood Palace. The ' Supping-room' of Mary Stuarfc, in Holyrood Palace, is the smallest of the royal Hiiito. It is a mere closet, and now buro uncl depressing to a degree utterly incompatible. with 0111- ideas of tolerable comfort, until wo remind onrsclvos that tlio stono wans woiu onco masked by richly wrought hangings, and tho cold floors softened by carpets brought or imported by Mary into'rugged Scotland from her beloved 'France. A small door opons into a closet used lor Btoring wines, and otbot- accomplishments of tho ' petits Boupors' which tho Queen was fond of giving to her intimates. The entrance to the Supping-room is from her bedchamber. The walls of this aro still hung with tapestries selected by her— a faded confusion of knights in armour and plunging horses. Tho canopied u_,1 ? „..„,! ,,,i4li n f n t.fni'ilfl Bilk COYerlot, WUS also hers. Over tho mantel is a half-length portrait, of Queen Elizabeth. We hope merci fully that it was not hero in her hapless rival s time. . Tho tapestry is looped away from tho door of the Supping-room, and from another and a smaller door clone besido it, raised by a single step fvom tho floor. .This leads to tke window stone stairs connecting the Queen's bedchambor with Darnloy's. Tho littlo door is kept locked. Diirnley had tho key, and 111s aiono whb tho right to use it on Saturday night, tho 9th of March, 1560, wheu Queen Mary had bidden a few friends to supper. How few, wo com prehend, as wo survey tho tiny witlulrawing room. Her lmlf-fiistor, the Countess of Argyl two ladies-in-waiting, a couple of gentlemen of tho court, a page who hold tho candles, and her Italian secretary, David lli'/.xio, mast havo crowded tiro closet to discomfort whon tho tablo and chairs were in placo. When Darnloy— otherwise King Henry, and husband of tho Queen— who, like Saul, ,,,,.o 1,;,t1i^v f.lmn nnv of tho Tjoonlo from his shouldors and upwards, stooped to clear the lintel of the low doorway, and showed to tho party his handsome face Hushed witl^ wino nobody was surprised. As ho seated himself upon tho olbow of his wife's chair, and put hiH arm about hor waist, tho tairest face in all Scotland was lifted smilingly expectant to his. The chango of position showed to Mary what sho at tho first glance mistook for the ghost of Lord Ruthven in full armour filling up the door behind hor.1 Ho had arisen from a sick bed to lead tho conspirators. Wo will know tho story bottor pprnaps khan any other i» the records of a land whoso history 18 continuous romance. Rizzio, torn from his frantic clinging to tho skirts of his royal employer, was dragged through tho bedroom and through the largo audience room boyond, thoro despatched by fifty-six dagger thrusts, then kiokod liko a dead dog, down tho palano stairs into tho court bolow. In an affidavit prepared by Ruthvon ho 'takes God to record that the said Davie received never a stroke in her Majesty's presence, nor waB' not-stricken till ho was at tho farthest door of 'her Majesty's' uttor chamber.' '?' ? ; - ; His insistence upon this evidence or re spectful forbearance in tho royal presouco may be a cruel rofinomont of punctilio ', but, if it jo truo, it disposes thoroughly of tho historic blood-stains upon tho floor of tho littlo inner room, which evon Sir Walter Scott was dis posed to boliovo genuine, and which the conscientious annalist Robort Chambers does not gainsay. Wo look vainly for them to-day, and openly avow our disappointment. The hoary custodian declares bodily that he ' got tired of renowing' the brown blotohos. 'Tho floor was rolaid two hundred and moro years ago,1 ho says. ' Yet I found tho stains' lioro whon I camo, and' whon they woro out, visitors insistod upon sooing them. So' — WltU a Slll'Ug ' uliau 10 muru jltuuuu 1111U.U Scottish — ' what was I to do ?' * 1 Tho first shook o£ disillusionment ovor, imagination rallies to contomplato tho actual features of tho trngody. ? Quories whioh no, man living can answer, and 'touching which contemporary records aro muto, press to our Jips. ' ,. ' Did Mary slcop'in hor'own bod that night? Was tho Sunday morning intorviow with her weak and vicious boy-husband, and that ter minated in thoir rocouoiliation, hold in tho bodroom or tho audionoo-ohambor boyond. By what wiles did ho induce hor to forogo tlio purpose oxproBsed in tho impassioned out break that mot his first words of ponitouco ? ' You havo dono mo Buoh a wo-ong that noithor tho rcoolloction of our early iriond Bhip nor all tho hopo you can givo mo of tho futuro can ovob mnko'ino forgot it.' Darnley ' thankfully recoivod' her half brothor Murray on that Sabboth ovoning, and Mary would not suffer her kinsman to sup with Morton, as had boon plannod, but kept him with hor all tho ovoning. Sho ' embraced and kiBBod him, alloging that in cano ho had boon at homo ho would not havo suffered hor to bo so incourtoonslv handled.' Did tho throe — Darnloy, Murray, and Murray's sister — whoso talk ' so movod him that tho tears foil from his oyno' sup amic ably and not chcorfully in tho room that Sunday night ? On Monday ' hor Majosty took tho King by ono hand and tho Earl of Murray by tho othor, and walked in hor uttor chambor' — i.e., tho audionoo chnmbor, upon tho threshold of whioh Risraio's blood was hardly dry — 'tho spaco of an hour.' What did thoy talk of wliilo pacing tho floor ovor which tho 'shrieking favonrito was draggod by his muvdovavB forty-eight hours boforo p History has never cloarod np the ' muddle, and novor will. Hor child — Jamos First of Hngla'nd and Sixtih oil Scotland — was born on tho 19th of Juno of that same year, in nnothor littlo room 110 larger than tho Supping-closot of Holyrood, but in tho stronger Oastlo of Edinburgh. Tho walls aro panelled with oak bltickomxl by ago. Tho initials ' M.E.' and 'Lll.' are wrought into tho 'carving of tho coiling. A shoiklnpon tho wall abovo tho flro-plaoo bonrs tho inscription .1.9 jvnii, ITiliO, abovo tiho only spot; in tho vooni whoro Uio bod could havo .stood, tho royal arniH aro omblaxdncd, anil buitoath is what; purport k to bo ' tho young mother's prayor of l.lmnks givingon that auspicious occasion,' in black lottor :? — } Lord .TiiHii Ohi'lnd, that crownit wnB with Tliornc, Pruaorvu tho Uirth quliuiu Bubyiu hoir ia feornw, And send Hir Sonon uuuoomiionu to J',L'if;n» iitill Ii!Ui|f in this Rualmu, If tluit ih bo thy will. Aln (jrant, O Ijoril, quhat ovor of Uir procuud Bo to thy Gloria, lionnr, and 1'ruiu, uobuid. 