THE NOVELIST. THE FATAL GIFT.' By F. FRANKFORT MOORE. CHAPTER I. "One is reconciled to a bad passage of the Channel, madam, by thinkin' that when it's over one is landed on Irish soil," re marked Mr. Heffernan, landlord of the Cruiskeen Beg Inn, at the little port of Dunleary> Co. Dublin. Mr. Heffernan had a fine style of address, especially in regard to ladies, and it developed several additional refinements when the ladies were notably handsome. (He did not need the assist ance of an expert to point oat the hand some ones to him; he was an Irishman.) Miss Bellamy, before whom he was bending, with a bow that had more of con descension than humility about it, had heard the same phrase rolled from his lips upon five previous occasions, the number coinciding with the times of her arrival at Dunleaiy, after a passage from England; but this fact did not prevent her from laughing quite naturally as she unfastened the strings of her travelling hood-she was an actress. She was also a woman who understood men and landlords; she was anxious to have the best dinner that the inn could provide. She felt that it might be her laugh would avert from her the mediocrities of the kitchen, which the ab sence of a man from a travelling party en courages an innkeeper to lay out. "'Tis a neat phrase, good Mr. Land lord," said the lady. "Ay, sir; and 'tis not devoid of truth, though there is a pa triotic flavour about it. Only you would do well to refrain from repeating it to your English guests who have just crossed the Channel." "Ah, Miss Bellamy, what do you take me for, anyway?" cried Mr. Heffernan, giving his body the comic twist of a note of interrogation without its dot. "I hear you are the best judge of a bottle of port, of a horse, and of a witty phrase in the county of Dublin," said Miss Bellamy. She had great hope of a good dinner. "Madam, you are a sad flatterer, I pro test," cried Mr. Heffernan, in his most English accent. "Still, I think I do know a horse from a fishing-boat, and as for wit-ah, Miss Bellamy, I'm too good a son to deny that my parents have failed to endow me with my share-rest their souls'." He pronounced the word "sowls," his devotion being stronger than his Eng lish. "Filial affection is the most commendable of the virtues, Mr. Heffernan," said the actress, solemnly. She was wondering if she could not manage to wheedle a bottle of his Hurgundy out of the man. He was very sparing of his old wine. "The compliment that His Excellency his ex-Excellency-that Earl of Chesterfield once paid me. His Excellency sometimes did pay what he owed, mind you." "Ah, in the currency of compliment, sir." "Troth, and maybe that was the coin that he had his pouch fullest of, madam. Anyhow, says he one day, with a wink at young Mr. La Touche, "If somebody else loads Tim Heffernarrs howitzer for him. he's the experienced gunner that knows in what direction to train his piece.' Those were His Excellency's very words, madam." "And they were true words, even though they were spoken hv my Liord Chesterfield; but I'll swear that all the ammunition you borrow of your friends is the paper wadding; the powder and shot come straight from your own magazine, Mr. Heffernan. I hope I can have a fair dinner before setting out for the city." "You shall have the best that my poor house can afford, madam, and to mark the occasion, if you have a mind for a bottle of Burgundy, I'll see that it is of the bin that I bottled in '44-the year that my Lord Chesterfield crossed the Channel to become Lord-Lieutenant." "If you don't mind throwing it away on a mere woman." "A mere woman, madam? Nay, 'tis well known that Miss Bellamy is no mere woman. Wasn't it His Excellency who said, 'Miss Bellamy is a peach in March so rare as to be met with but once in a lifetime'?" "His Excellency bad plainly the phrase in a note-book to use as the occasion required. He thinks that any woman is good enough as an excuse for a witticism; just as many of your profession, Mr. Landlord, think that any Burgundy is good enough for a wo man. Heffernan laughed. "Troth and they do, madam; but my thought is, what woman is good enough for my Burgundy? Why, none, save the in comparable Miss Bellamy. You will have a bottle of the '44, madam." "And in drinking it I shall think with re spect of Lord Chesterfield. Its bouquet is, i am convinced, more subtle than his lord ship's wit." ''Both are of a vintage year, madam, and only offered to those who can appreciate their delicacy; and so, Miss Bellamy, I am your humble servant to command/' His bow had a memory of Lord Chester field about it-it was an attenuated echo of a complete orchestra-a magpie's repetition of a line of Milton. Miss Bellamy noted it with half-closed, critically interested eyes. She had noted many imitations of the ex Viceroy during the previous year or two. When men fancied that they bowed like Lord Chesterfield, they thought they had only to neglect their wives systematically to become complete Chesterfields. His lord ship had turned the neglect of a wife into a fine art. Mr. Heffernan had repeated his bow at the door, and had made his exit before hiB visitor trusted hei^elf even to smile: but then she smiled 'unrestrainedly, giving a frank imitation of his copy of' Chesterfield. The mirror^ although bearing on its surface n radiating crack so bad as to suggest the sun in all its glory in a medieval print, told her that her bit of comedy was exquisite, .Copvripht by Frankfort Moore, 1898. in the ITnlfwJ Stntv* of America. Australasian serial rights In '"Hie Australasian." ftnd that compliment helped to make her forget the horror of her passage in the crazy vessel from England. She smiled as she perceived that her face was rapidly recover ing its usual soft tints-that the pallor which had overspread it like a cerement in mid-channel, when the little vessel had vainly tried to beat up against a head wind and a cross current, was vanishing;. She was full of pride at the reflection which ap peared before her in the glass. She was be coming a good sailor. Had she not.been able to talk of dinner within the first hour of landing? After a time she consolidated her belief in her complete recovery by going to the window and finding pleasure-actual plea sure-in gazing out over the moving expanse of light green sea, across which a few fishing boats were lazily drifting half-way out to the little island. The lovely bay of Dublin was dreaming in the soft shimmer of the early afternoon, and Miss Bellamy won dered how Mr. Tom Sheridan, of the Smock Alley Theatre, who had so manv op portunities of becoming acquainted with the myriad moods of Nature, could remain con tent with 6uch travesties as his artists were accustomed to produce for him in the paint ing-room. She wondered how it was that people went to the theatre night after night to 6tare at the ridiculous scenes of sea and shores-of cardboard rocks and baize wavelet®-of canvas sand and muslin foliaee -when they could for a shilling or two wit ness the real thing as she was doinc at that moment-thinking all the time that several hours must elapse before she could find her self once more at the theatre. While she was still lookintr out at the beauties of Nature, and dreamintr of future triumphs in her art. a post-chaise went past the window, the horses at a hand gallop. PHOTOGRAPH STUDY BY J. HUBERT NEWMAN, GEORGE-STREET, SYDNEY. On the floor of the vehicle a young man with a travelling cloak streaming from hU shoulders was standing, shouting at the postilion. Lying back on the cushions was a young woman with a pair of the brightest laughing eyes Miss Bellamy had ever seen. The chaise and its occupants went by like a flash, but the actress aid not fail to per ceive in the moment of its passing that the girl on the cushions was in no alarm at the bumping of the vehicle over the stones that threatenedjnore than once to overturn it, and that she treated as a good joke the atti tude of the man who was holding on grimly to the back of the box while he yelled at the post-boy. "A runaway match, clearly," she said. "They are on their way to the Chester packet. The pair of fools! They will be tired of each other before they get out of sight of Ireland's eye." She turned her gaze in the direction of the Dublin-road, thinking that it was likely she might see in the distance the dramatic sequence to the scene which she had just witnessed-the chaise, with the stern father, girt with pistols, alternately hurling curses and reproaches at the pos tilion to stimulate him to overtake the fugi tive daughter and her lover. Miss Bellamy knew very well what were the dramatic re quirements of the scene preceding. Was it the rushing of the girl between her irate parent and her unyielding lover just in time to receive the bullet of the horse-pistol, and to die gracefully in the arms of the dis tracted young man while she tried to still the self-reproaches of the elder? Yes, that was the usual scene; but she thought that another could be- constructed on the as sumption that the younger man was more adroit in the use of the horse-pistol than the elder. She rather fancied - that a charge of slugs in the stomach of the irate tather would help him to recall the days when the passion of youth burned in his own veins. But then the father must not be allowed to die. The gallery, though invariably on the aide of the adventurous lovers, would not tolerate the death of the pursuing father-that would be going too far for their susceptibilities. She saw (hat clearly. Still ... "A runaway couple, madam," said Mr. Heffenian, re-entering (he room. "Oh, you saw them pass in the chaise." "A poor sight, Mr. Landlord, 1 vow," 6aid Miss Bellamy. "The prelude lo a play which may be either a comedy or i tragedy. Most matches seem comedies to t he on lookers, though they be tragedies to the chief characters concerned. Now. why is it that the manager of this piece delays (" send on the pursuing chaise with the lather and iiis pistols? 1 swear that I'll hiss my loudest if we are kept waiting any longer." Twice Heffernan twisted his body so a* to represent the roguish Irishman to the life-an essay in contortion from which Ijord Chesterfield would have recoiled. "Ah, miss, by the powers, "(it* yourself that would play the part of the herowine bravely. Don't 1 see you beseeching the ould man with the red face to spare the voting gentleman--he'll be a lord, but in the humble disguise of a gentleman, tubbe sure " "A thoroughly effective disguise for some lords that 1 could name," said Mis* Bel lamy. "-Snare him, my fawther!- spare him! - yer daughter alone is to blame." cried the landlord in a ludicrous but strenuous fal setto that brought tears to his eyes, and made him fancy that an audience of ave rage perception could easily be cajoled into (he belief that in watching an undersized stout man with a nose that was far from straight, and with stumpy brown fingers stretched out before him in an attitude of ludicrous imploration, they were becoming interested in the case of a young lady for whom a young man had been greatly dar ing. He recovered-with some trifling diffi culty-his natural position, and wiped his eyes. Miss Bellamy wiped here. She had been convulsed. "On my faithj sir," she cried, "you waste your time as a landlord at Dunleary. 'Tis at Smock Alley-you should be; Mr. Sheri dan has no lady in his company who could represent the part as you have been doing it." "Nay, Miss Bellamy, it pleases you to jest," said the man, with the deprecatory smile of the one who is conscious of having done the thing particularly well. "Jest, sir! On my soul, I tell you there's no actress who would do that scene just as you have enacted it." "Ah, be easy, Miss Bellamy;" he pro nounced it "azey." "I'm not to be made a fool of. Though tubbe sure I do some times think when I'm sitting in the pit of Smock Alley that if I was a foot or two on the other side of the curtain I could show some of Mr. Sheridan's gentlemen how to rouse the house. There's Mr. Garriek now, . . . Well, I own that when I went to see him at the other house I did feel a cold shiver run through me when, as Richard in . his tent, he wormed himself about the bed beneath the pointing fingers of the ghosts. Then there's Hamlet. . . . ah, well I've my own notions about Hamlet. T'll let a flood of light in on you, Miss Bel lamy, by the time I've got to the end of 'To Day or not to bay.' Tubbc sure there's some that says 'To bay or not to bay' is mere doggerel; but 'tis myself '11 show you that it's pothry-jewel verses of the first water." "Oh, Mr. Hefferaan, yon Uave convinced me before you have begun, I protest," cried the actress hastily. It was being impressed on her that it was quite possible toj>ay too dearly even for a botfle of Tim Hefternan's Burgundy. "I see i/our meaning, sir. 'To bay, is naturally, doggerel, ana as for the question of the T first water, well, it de pends, of course, on the bay. You're a wonderful man, And a student besides, which is just the opposite to a man." "Then thcre'sMaeLaughlan-he calls him self MackJin now, the renegade! ' resumed the innkeeper, pursing out hie lips. "Oh, poor iWaekiiti. They say 1 can mimic nun to the life in his Shyluck.but for l hat matter I'm quite as much at home when I'm doing Portia. Look an' hear, Miss Bellamy. This is Shyloek 'Signor Antonio, uiiuny a toiiue an' aft. "They've returned, the runaway couple," cried Alias Bellamy, catching the amateur by the .sleeve and pointing to the window behind him. lie had already begun to feel that his physiognomy was rapidy becoming Semitic --and was almost. .sensible of an in creasing convexity where he had remem bered a well- delined concavity in the line of hi* none. (Such is the force of the im agination of a man who fancies he cuts the figure which he aims at cutting.) It was possibly, however, liis hope to realise the spirit of the character of Shyloek in daily life that caused him to spring round at the touch of the lady's hand, and to cry in his natural voice as be saw drooping heads of the steaming horses of the chaise oppo site the window "By the lord. 'lis t<M late )",»)? the Ches ter packet they are. and they'll be wanting the best dinner the house can afford in the twinkling of an eye. Oh, 'tis myself that knows the runaway couples! And the guineas floating in the air like the motes in a sunbeam. Listen lo him cursing the postilion to show that he's a gentleman. Miss Bellamy, however consailed a man may be in his own swearing, there's not one that couldn't larn from a gentleman that has run away with his neighbour's wife and ha.«- just missed the packet. Listen to him. By the powers! it almost shucks me. and I've been an innkeeper for twenty-eight I years." 