MY BARBER. [By Close Shave.] " I was reading in one of the magazines the other day, that they've got a Fat Man's Club in Paris. I've half a mind to start one here, sir." " You! Why, you're not a fat man." " No; but I could do for the Secretaryship, and perhaps if I was constantly with Daniel Lamberts I might grow fat myself. This Paris Club is called ' The Hundred Kilos/ a hundred kilos being equal to 15 stone. Now, there are plenty of 15 stone men hereabouts. Poor old Mick Tier would have joined if he had been alive." "Well, I would suggest Ben Rounsevell for President. I think he could make 100 kilos look foolish." " Not to say Charlie Kingston. He'd weigh in all right. Then there's W. H. Wallace at Port Pirie, and Phil Campbell, only I think he's in the West, and E. J. Ronald, the jolly solicitor, and Locomotive-Engineer Roberts, and Assistant Locomotive Engineer Latimer—oh, there's a heap of them, and I'd like to have their photographs and frame them." " What is the object of a Fat Man's Club, William r " Why to get fatter I suppose, sir. Do you know I could never quite understand why the capitalist is referred to by some people, as a fat man. He isn't; he more often belongs to the lean kind. Take Wilkinson, who used to be the boss of the Bank of Adelaide, take J. H. Angas, the Rymills, W. J. Back, Governor Buxton, and Charlie Tucker." "Do you class Mayor Tucker among the capitalists ?" 44 Why not 1" Isn't he a big holder of Westralian shares ? I'm a capitalist myself—for the same reason. I've got shares enough to wrap up all the sausages manufactured in Adelaide in a week. But, ha, ha ! 4 The cat will mew and dog will have his da}7.'" "Hulloa! William. Quoting Shake speare ! I presume you have been to see Wilson Barrett in Hamlet." "Yes, I have seen the balmy Dane." "The 4 noble Dane,'" I corrected. " I said 4 balmy' and I'll stick to it," quoth my barber, obstinately. 44 Don't tell me that Hamlet wasn't mad. I know better. Why, the very look of the man spells 4 Rats !' " 44 But Hamlet was only feigning madness." 44Bah! He was too natural. When a man talks like Hamlet does and sees ghosts he's bad, and ought to be re ferred to Dr. Cleland for examination. Do you think anyone but a lunatic would snub a beautiful girl like Ophelia, or would speak to old Polony, his intended father-in-law, like Hamlet did? Not he; he'd have kissed the girl and have snoodled up to the old man, and have lent him money, and have -sold him shares in the Great Denmark Butter Company at a shilling over market price. Instead of that he kills old Polony, and pretends he didn't mean to do it, frightens his mother into hysterics, sets everyone by the ears, and all for what? Because his mother felt lonel3r and got married again." "You forget, William, that Hamlet's father was murdered." u Who says so ? A frowsy old ghost, wi h a voice like a distressed O ' foghorn. Ghosts ain't evidence. You couldn't swear a ghost on the Book, could you ? A miserable old thing in tin armor that couldn't rest quiet in the nice family mausoleum ! Don't tell me ! If I'd been Laertes I'd have waited round a dark c irner for Hamlet and given him one between the eves. O */ But there's no sort of .sense in any of the characters. They all die off as if they liked it, and the only satisfactory thing to me is that Hamlet gets the kick himself." "I shall propose you for membership of the University Shakespeare Society at the very next meeting, William." " I'd sooner belong to a Bacon and Beans Society," he replied with a grin. " Anvway, I'm dead off Hamlet. When I want tragedy I'll go to see 'The Murder in the Red Barn,' or ' East Lynne.5 'Hamlet' gives me the meagrims, and I couldn't get the taste of him out of my mouth all day Sunday." " You are an iconoclast, William." " Don't know what it means, but I suppose I am since you say so. Hope it isn't anything very bad at any rate. Good morning, sir." 