/ CHAPTER LX.-A NIGHT IN THE HERMIT'S CA.BIN. I The "Ghost" had looked well to the . comfort of his horse, then piled up wood or the fire, causing a genial warmth to pervade the half cabin, half cavern home " of the Hermit. He cooked a good sup-, per, for he found that the lonely man had a well filled larder. 'After giving his patient something to eat, though he fed him sparingly, the I-host spread his own blankets before the fire and turned in for the night, ready .to respond to the slightest call of the Wounded man. , Lying with wide open'eyes, for hle did not seek to at once go to sleep, he took is his.surroundings by the bright fire light. HRe saw that the cabin, or log part of the little house, had been built over the mouth of the cavern and joined to the cliff with rocks and clay, so as to make *it close and keep out the cold. iThe logs had been all hewn out with 0 a axe, whilst the window shutters-: dh either side and the door were of thick spIlt timber. The roof was of logs, but did not leak, and it was altogether - a snug home even in the bitter weather S hat had lately visited that region. The bed of.the Hermit was a rude cot ir one corner, and on the wall atbove it hung a repeating rifle, a double-bar retlled shot-gun, a cavalry carbine, and Ht musket. There were half a dozen re volvers, too, as well as knives and bows and arrows. . The rocky floor in front of the bed was carpeted by the skin of an enormous grizzly bear, and other souvenirs of the Ifermit's prowiess as a bunter were seen ae all sides. frhl cavern was used as a store-room, and, penetrating. the cliff.some twenty i ?sat.,was aboiitk twelve- feet in width and " eight in height .A saddle and bridle : ieeng.there, and there were a number o .ear-bonnets and Indian costumer,.,?? a-;. im- or-roe strange min . who dwelt(all alone, and who had ~ald that he had at mission to perform before S$iedled. . Until , his eyes closed in slumber the lihost gazed about him, and when hee awoke the fire had burned low :end the grsey of dawn was streaming thlroigll ithe cracks here and there visible., Fe arose quicklyt anid glanced towards his patient, for the form was so silent Ihe feared that he might have quietly clopped out of. life.. - ?"No, I am not dead;: but the wound I pins me." 'It was a relief to the Ghost to hear the soiunded man upeak, and he hastily said: "I will dress it for you, and then you will feel better. I was so tired I did not move all night." '- I slept also until after midnight, and w~ould not disturb you as you seemed to need rest. You have removed the hideous death mask you wore last night. aad somehow your face seems faimnliar ,to me." The man started. stepped quickly to hIs blankets, and picking up his mask -rplaced it. Then he threw wood on the fire, and opening tile door, passed out, bucket in hand, to get fresh water at the spring lie Iad Visited the' night beflore. S275 Ilefed the horse while he was out, and watered him, having a bag orE oats which he carried with him,- and returning to the cabin, cooked breakfast as soon as he had dressed the wounded arm 'and shoulder of the Hermit. - He eaw that hlq patient was slightly feverish, and fearing inflammation would'set In, he said: "I am going to-day-to see if I coa get a person to aid you who will be far more useful than I am. It looks as though we were going to have another storm : but do not fear on that account, for I know these mountains well, and my horse is never at fault, so I will be back by night at furthest." "You say you will bring some one to this place?" "Yes." "There are but three dwellers in these mountains that I have ever seen, save myself, and the redskins seldom come here from the lower range.". "Who are the dwellers to whom- you refer?" "The man calling himself the Monarch of the Mountains, a young girl whom I have seen on several occasions, and you -who have been playing the part of a ghost for some reason best known to yourself." "We three are all, and the person I would have come back with me to care for you is the young girl of whom you spoke." "But I know her to be the ally of the man I hope to bring to the gallows." " "lhateversalw? may be to him, let me tefll ou that she is at heart my ally," was the firm response of the Ghost. 