DAY OF BEST. PRAYER. BY GEORGE C. LOSIMER, of Treiuont Temple, Boston, Mass., U.fc.A. 'My licu&r; shall be called for all nations the" JioujI; of prayer."-Marl; xi. IT. "] exhort, therefore, that first off all, supplioa ti >iis pi-ayei's, intercessions, nud giving of thanks, * be made for all men; for kings, and for nil tliat are hii?h in places, that. we may lead a Quiel and peaceable life in all goodness and honesty. "i will, therefore, thai iuen pray everywhere, lifting up their hands without wrath and disput ing."-1 Tim. ii., 1, 12, B. The Church was never designed to be a noisy mob or turbulent nuirkeli, nor a forum where selfishness could light anew its batiks; it Ywis never intended that she should furnish additional opportunities for the factions of society to i rice I, and engage in heated quarrels. In our time, however, contrary to the manifest teachings of God s Word, there is a theory thati the business of /ion is of tile earth earthy, that she should specially engage in secular matters dm ire than spiritual, and of some Churches it may be laid, as the poet Las said of «o*»c individuals I'm ij to nielli \v'(h no, la.e and .'.oon Celling and spending \vc lay waste ours pyvers. We find among the ancients that the sanctuary was regarded as the threshold of eternity, as a mount tfo be ascended by the ivc,iry pilgrims of time, there to be, trans figured, and to gather strength once more to descend to engage in faithful service among tlhe miasmas of this wicked world. And our Saviour in this passage echoes the famous utterance of the prophet of old, '"-ijy house shall be called the house of )?>? ayer for all nations," and He illustrates and' .annotates His own declaration by talcing a whip in His hands and scourging from the outer courts of the Temple ttfie men who exchanged money and sold doves, by His act, as well as by His word, teach ing us that His Church was meant to be the source and the stay of man's devotional lite. 1'liis doc-trine taught by the Saviour is cchoed and elaborated, so to speak, by fc»i. Paul. In the j:w.?sage I hare read he is trying to teach those to whom he wrote lir.w thoy should behave themselves in the House of God. He does not have reference so much to their peculiar mariner in the sanctuary as to the kind of life tihat .should distinguish those who are members of His Jjiving Hody- He sny&-"I exhort that supplications, prayers, intercessions, iind giviug of thanks be made."' That is, he finds the devotional life revealed iind unfolded to man in the sweet privilege Jtnd exalted duty of prayer; and without prayer. there is no devotional life at all. He" brings it, therefore, to us in this text. In the text lie presses \ipoii our attention that which, I believe, it is the need of the hour that we should understand more fully and appreciate more highly than we gene Tally do. He says "everywhere," "in every place." Chrysostoin interprets the word as a comment upon Christ's declaration that jieither in Jerusalem nor in the mountain should men worship exclusively; that there b'lonld iu the future be no locality necessary to render sanctity or efficacy to prayer, "hi every place"-in God's primeval loniple, the great forest.1? of our land, in mighty basilica or humble meeting-house. A meeting-house! that phrase so often em ployed by lordly ecclesiastics scornfully to pass upon our sanctuaries the reflection that they are hardly to be dignified with the name of sacred edifice-that term was em ployed by our forefathers to denote not a spot where man jostles man, but where God meets the soul in holy fellowship aud com munion. Rightly understood, there is no ecclesiastical term BO sacred as the one t!:at is east out as unclean by some of your long-sleeved gentry, for the meeting-house is- where God meets with His creatures, and wherever God meets with man that place is supremely holy. For, as one of our .Auteiican poets says: - Where two or three in faith's communion meet, U'iiorc. with Christ's presence, is Hie Church com plete. PRAYKR BY ALL MEN. So in every place, in your own room, jn your oflice, in your workshop, every place, down iri the mine, in the held., by .the furrow, every place where the heart js bowed before (Ion, this devotion may perform her office. "I will therefore that ynen pray in every place." What men? The men. The Apostle does not say the clergy, nor the ministry, nor those who bear oflice, but the men, apparently the laity generally, and seemingly to the in clusion of women. I say "seemingly," be rauK-e it is not altogether clear. The Apostle, writing to the Corinthians, says, "It is a shame for women to pray in the Churches when not properly attired."'' Con sequently I dare not exclude any human be ing According to the teachings of the (hristian. Fathers in the early Church, prayer was offered not only by the mini sters, not only by the elder.1?, but by devout risen, by those who loved God; and I wish to say it as a student of the Bible, and of history, that in the ordinary prayer meet ing. where the minister rises and reads a portion of the Word, where some hymns are chanted with judicious care, where a few prayers- are breathed from the soul, you hive the counterpart of original Christian worship,and arc- nearer to theorigi nal model than in any arrangement that you find in any land, and in any Communion whatever. The Apostle in this passage gives us an idea. o£ the scope of the devotional life as expressed by the term "prayers," to which be ftdda ' 'supplications, "intercessions," and "giving of thanks.", It is the outgoing of a man's soul unto God; it is the over f owing or' the heart's desire poured into lie ear of the Infinite, for prayer, is not so inu-:h a word as a desire. l'rayer is the soul's sincere desire,' Uttered or unexpressed, The motion of a living- lire That bums within the breast. Row often you have bowed .yourselves be jore God with so many requests, and your t»ngue has failed its oflice, aud you 'J'.avc ber-n profit rats in absolute sileiice: ail y< c fcould say was, "Oh, God, read .for Thyself, Interpret my poor soul, Thou knowest, understand for me, oh, Father." 1302 j Consequently in the early Church there was 110 liturgical form of prayer. The word I ''liturgy" occurs in the second century in | some documents, but then it does not refer 1 to an order of prayer but to an. order of Service. For instance, according to the original use of the term, this order of ser vice, telling when the Bible is to be read and where fchft hymns were to be sung would be a liturgy. That is the original moaning of the word. Gradually, however, the word assumed a_ larger meaning, and was applied to certain written forms, of which the Church, up to the time of Con '? fctantine the Great, knew nothing. After the conversion of the Honwn Emperor a change came over the movements of Christian people. There was a great desire to be more courtly than they had been, to be more guarded in their" expressions, to be careful not to offend the care of royalty, to see to it that there was no trip in gram mar in their forms of prayer, and in other ways that by a studied form the devotion of the Church might be promoted. Hence you find in these early writings reference j made to liturgies. Dr. Plummer tells us j thai: in reading carefully the liturgies he 1 finds traces of early creeds, of baptismal j formularies, but no trace whatever of I written prayer til) after the reign of Con- i stantine. Gradually, of c-our?e, definite specific forms came into use. In England, up to the j Reformation, you had no Book of Common : Prayer; but there were prayers in circula tion, mainly in Latin. These prayers, or many of them, were collected and anno tated, and her and there perhaps revised, ! and they were combined together in what is now known as the Book of Common j ' Prayer. The Puritans were nev^r recon ciled to it, and we have an account in j history of a goodly deputation 'go-ing to 1 James I., in his palace at Hampton Court, | to br^eer-h him that the Church -might be relieved of these pt-e.-icribed forms; then we ; are told that King James said that he had ' peppered the Puritans pretty soundly. Forty-one years passed, and the Puritans , came back again, this time with helmet on head and uteS gauntlet on hand; and they crush up the Prayer-book for the time being. They were very much incensed against it; hi my judgment, not reasonably ; so, not fairly so. There are a great many . excellent and beautiful things in the Boole j of Common Prayer; there is much to be j said in favour of using now and then cer- I tain forms of prayer. In all our judgments ; let us be just; do not Ic-t us cany our con- : vietions to such a point that we never can ; see any good in that of which wo in gene- : nil disapprove. I well understand the feel- j ine of some ministers to-day who would like tso have a prescribed form of prayer; I can understand it, because, of all the solemn duties of the clergy, the most solemn and sublime is leading a multitude like this up "to the threshold of eternity and l>efore the Great Win tie Throne of God. J have, there fore, 110 censures, 110 criticisms, 110 cynical remarks for those who differ from me in this matter. For myself, I prefer to try to pour out my own poor soul before God, be lieving tliat where the soul is in the prayer the people will 'understand, and nil be able together to make common supplication, with giving of thanks foa* all mankind. But now the Apostle develops certain characteristics of this devotional life or life of prayer in the Church, He says, "With intercessions." Is it. not singular that he never says we should pray for ourselves, but) only for somebody else? You must understand that when you bow in prayer. The yeoman of Canaan, when she went to the Saviour, said, "Lord, have mercy on me." Yet she was not) Sick. Her daughter was sick; but, if -the Lord helped her daughter, He would be helping her. She quite forgot herself when sne cried, "Lord hejp ine." 80 it is with us in prayer. Sometimes I have heard Christian women and Christian men complain that they cannot! pray for themselves. Is that part of your experience? When you are more spiritual and prostrate before Vod have you not found you cannot pray for yourself? But then how you take your children in your arms. How you take your neighbours be fore God. How you single out this man or that, a stranger, to commend to the mercy "of the Highest. Then, perhaps, as you rise from your knees, you say, "l)ear me, I have forgotten to pray for myself!" But the answer conies into your soul in making intercession for you, and while you are full of love for others, somebody is loving you enough to lift you up before the Master's eyes. Yet it is singular he should say, "giving of thanks .... for all men." What, St. Paul- give thanks for Nero? Shall the early Christians give thanks for their per secutors aiid murderers? How is it? Give thanks. jShull we give thanks for all men, for some petty wargod that may upset the peace of JCurope and bring misery upon thousands? Shall we give thanks for some scheming politician or diplomat who by his lies may embroil nations? Shall we give thanks for these? Yes. Why? All these men, however wicked, however cruel, are the recipients of multitudes of mercies from the Divine hand, and God has ordered it that somebody .shall be thankful, it is not that we are thankful for such men as these, but we are thankful to God that He has not forgotten such men as these, and extends His hand of help and mercy to them if they will receive it~ The Lord gives thanks for us, or ratlic* He thanks God 011 our behalf-for most of us, i am afraid, are none of us thankful as we ought to be. We are, therefore, to go into His presence praying for nil men with inter cession and with thanksgiving, too-for all men, for kings, for princes, for rulers, for all that are in high places. Why, you will say, why do you pray for these? Because they need your prayers, and because you need that tliey should be bo guided as to make their lives a blessing to you, that you may be able to lead quiet and peaceable lives in all gravity and godliness, and not merely for those in. authority, but for everybody, for the children, for the young people, for tlic aged, for all men. Oh, what a wonderful place is the Church. A man comes in having goodly apparel; we are not to say, "Sit thou here," and to a man in poor raiment- we are not to say, "Sit thou yonder." In the house of God all nations meet. The Church is cosmopolitan, the Church brings humanity j together. It represents not a race, not a tribe, nor a section, nor a class, nor black, 1 nor white; it represents Man, Man, Man! I In Westminster Abbey there is an altar called the Altar of Toleration, it first .marked the place where Edward VI. was ' buried. After the Civil War, during which it ha d been partly destroyed, it was restored, and Dean Stanley observed the communion ! service at tliat aJtar at the time of the re | vision of the Bible when the revisers, re presenting nearly even* denomination in I Christendom received the sacred elements j at his hand. In that altar you will find a piece of stone that was brought from Abys sinia, also another portion brought from the Christian Church in Damascus, where certain Christians were massacred, and also a little bit from Canterbury Cathedral from the liigli altar. These are part now of the Altar of Toleration. There is your Abyssinia, there is . your Greek, there is your early British, there is the effort of your moderns in restoring it. It represents all, and around that common altar we meet to worship God. The Altar of Toleration! Every Church ought to have an altar of toleration. When we meet we meet only as men and women; your creed makes no difference, your scheme of theology no dif ference. We are here as human beings j needing succour from God, and before God ws humble ourselves. Prayer and giving of | thanks I'or all men, for those who are in ?high places, and those who are in low places its well. There is & word now employed that was imported from France. We do not like the j word because it is connected with Com munism; but-still the word expresses much -that word is "solidarity." . It does not mean brotherhood. Brotherhood means real affection going out between men; but solidarity means an absolute and actual and visible relationship existing between men whether they realize it or not, whether they love one another, or Jiate one another, it makes no difference. No man can do wrong without injuring somebody. Dr. Johnson ejaculated, "If only a villain could only be a villain to- himself!'" but he cannot be. We are all wrapped up together-not only individuals, but Chinches; not only Churches, but nations. England cannot suffer without America feeling it;-the United States cannot suffer without Great Britain feeling it. Even.the humblest na tion cannot be wronged without that wrong working like an epidemic through the world - just as cholera, occurring through mismanagement in the East, sweeps over England or America, though these countries may have had nothing to do. wifjlt the mismanagement. Tbati is one ic-fison why we have a right to interfere with one another. You cannot sin to your self alone. A man cannot injure himself by strong drink without injuring his family. A man cannot set tire to his own house with out endangering the houses of his neigh bours. Now for Paul's philosophy - pray for kings and all in authority; for ail, be cause your interests mingle, they dove tail, they How like the waves of the sea together, you cannot separate them. That wMeh touches the king will touch the peasant by-and-by. The wrong felt by the peasant in the Wood of Senary -as described by Carlyle, will touch Louis XVI. one day. When, all royally caparisoned for hunting, he met a ragged peasant with a coflin ho .said, "For whom?" It was. for a poor brother slave whom His Majesty had sometimes noticed slaving in those quarters. '''What did he die of'r" ""Of hunger." The king gave his steed the spur. Did lie escape':1 That peasant, rotting in his grave from starvation, pre pared the guillotine for Louis XVI. That is what the Apostle in wins when he says we are to pray for ail men-for preachers, for lawyer.';, for.kings, for the poorest, and weakest, and humblest. Then the Apostle tells us how we are to do it. "I will, therefore, that men pray everywhere, lifting up holy hands." We sometimes see in symbolic services that the minister will lift up his h.-uius. I do not myself believe that the direction has refe rence to anything physical, to the real act of lifting up our hands; but the thought underlying the expression is this lifting up pare hands. When you lift up your hands people can see whether they are clean fir not. " Who shall ascend unto the hi1! of the Lord, or who sha.1 stand in His holy place? lie that bath clean hands and .*t nure heart, who hath not lifted up bis soul unto vanity nor sworn deceitfully." That is the idea. The point is, you go and prav for somebody -else-but do not. the nest moment seize him by the thro;;I. You prav that God will tal e care of the ragged children-don't turn them into the street the moment after vouv prayer. Lei there be consistency. Of course, there is some thing beautiful in the leston some fatbei-s have taught - that in all our prayers we are to lift up our hands. They said that lifting up hands in prayer signified the soul's aspiration. On the coins of C011 stantine the woralupiiei' is represented with hands uplifted. It has reference, so it is interpreted , to the crucified Christ, Whose hands were uplifted. I have thouelit perhaps it might iie a solution of the fieure of speecli simply to remind us that the soul aspires but expects to reach God's throne throujrh the crucified Christ. 1'RAYKR FOR TEMPORAL TltTIffiS. The Apostle, in speaking about the an swer to prayer in this passage, lavs the em phasis apparently on temporal things, and it is well we should pan?.e at that thought. Paul says that we may lead a quiet, peace able life, ill righteousness. Thai is in refe rence 1,o t.hworld. Many imagine they sl'f-r.td pray for sonv. thing to he err-.. .! :iftT 1J i;v die; rind Si OU then' 'mes, t.bey j-.j-.iy 11? -jt fie) will (??l.-e <?;' I'le-i) a;>d j ?!.:>!!! a! ^is! 1 o heaven: h"t whr;i in ' i'ili i ;.'i>. or tri.:l th 'y rather Junk it would 1 not be right to press upon God their real needs. Yet you are reminded in the Bible that the body is the temple of the Holy Ghost; and are" you not warranted in be lieving that God Himself is caring for our material conditions? ' So ought we not to pray that our environment may be condu cive to our well-being, for the environment has a great deal to do with a man's life. This morning I argued that the Church or religion was a great advancing power that prepared the; world for civilization. Now, that is true; but, on the other hand, civili zation lias a great deal to do with the suc cess and happiness of the Church. We are, in a measure, dependent upon our environ ment and there is nothing wrong to-pray to God to give us a happy home, kind, obe dient children, a tender-hearted husband these things make life fair and beautiful, and if wisely used they minister to the spiritual growth and to the immortal blessedness. Therefore, do not despise temporal tilings; do not look down upon them. I could give many instances from history and from my own personal experi ence of answers to prayer. I may not con vert you, but I would rather have my faith than your unbelief any way. Try it, and see if He does not answer prayer. In a sermon I preached once on prayer, I had spoken of two men, converted under the influence of the venerable evangelist, Mr. Moody, who bad prayed them into the Kingdom. It appears that in the congrega tion there was a man who did not believe in religion at all, but who simply went to ChureH to please his wife; he was then attracted towards a minister in New York: but was profoundly convinced that I had made up the story about prayer, and he would like to know my authority for it. I The. minister wrote to me, saying'lie felt ! sure it would do the man good to know full particulars. 1 saif] to myself, "Oh, that will be perfectly simple," and put the letter by to take its turn with the rest of the letters to be answered. "Now," said I, when it came up again, "wlieie did I hear or read that story? ' 1 turned over files of newspapers, and book after book, without success; I wrote to Mr. Moody, and the 1 reply came that so many wonderful tilings had happened in the course of his ministry ; that he could not remember that- specific ! case. So there seemed nothing left for me to do except to write to the minister and say I knew I was telling the truth, but I j could not give, my authority. You can i imagine the impression that would make I upon a sceptical man. I thereupon sat ] down and. wrote the humblest letter. Sud j denl.v 1 thought, "You are a nice one to ! preach about prayer, and you have not once | prayed to God to . help vou." I had not ; been two minutes on my knees when a sort ? of inspiration came to me to move towards ! the bookcase and to put my hand upon a ! certain book. 1 took it down and opened i it. It was by Joseph Cook, on "Ortho ! doxy;" there,- on a page turned down, waa j the whole incident iii print, and if you wish ; to read it for yourself you will find it as j 1 had told it originally in the pulpit. There | upon I wrote a postscript to my letter, "Tell your sceptical fi-iend that while two answers to prayer might not convince him I a third answer should certainly pour light into bis soul, 'for, I added, "God had di rectly answered that prayer." So, beloved, carry into temporal matters the spirit of prayer. But in doing that re member that likewise for holiness, for grace, and for all spiritual blessings, we are to pray. From my own experience I am as sured that the Church is only strong in that it prays. More things are decided by prayer than in the council chambers of your deacons, more wonders are wrought by prayer than by magnificent pulpit dis j courses. Prayer! that is the power that connects the Church with eternity, That I is what society wants to know-not whether j you have a beautiful choir, a magnificent temple, sin eloquent pastor, but whether I there is reality in your religion, and reality in religion is proved by your prayer at the I Throne of Grace: May 1 not urge you to realise this? All around you are sceptics, everywhere are men incredulous. They say, if-iiieie is a God He lias cast off the earth to rave for itstelf; if there is a. God Be lias abdicated in the name of law, and allowed law to rule; there is no "super natural, superhuman power; that there is onlv in the Church that which men may make it, or the congregation make it, ayd all else is fantastic and imaginary. If. then, you Vvould convert London, con vert yourselves first-of all, and realize the power of prayer. As prayer is honoured, the truth will be honoured from the preacher's lips, and conviction will surge through the masses of mankind, and ulti mately every human being will be brought to bow before the Throne, and to acknow ledge Him our Christ who is Lord for ever more. 