The Sydney Morning Herald. Wednesday, November 23, 1898. After formal business in the Legislative Assembly yesterday the Premier made a statement relative to the course of Govern- ment business for the remainder of the session. It wai agreed that unless otherwise ordered Government business should take precedence of general business on Tuesdays. A lengthy debate took place on a motion that the Government should take steps to secure coal mines sufficient to supply Government require- ments. The United States Peace Commissioners in Paris have offered Spain £4,000,000 for the Philippines, with the open door to the world's commerce, a treaty admitting Spanish merchant vessels for five years on the same conditions as American vessels, and the mutual renunciation of indemnity claims in regard to Cuba. Spain has been given a week for the consideration of the proposals Tho Spanish Commissioners are moro fnondly It is said by tho "St James's Gazette " that tho military attache to the Russian Emoossy at Parin informed tho French Intelligence, Department that Captain Dreyfus was selling sccrots to Germany After the trial Baron Ireaericks wrote to Mdine Dreyfus admitting that ho bad beon deceived Addressing the mombers of the China Associa tion nt Shanghai, Lord Charles Beresford said "that Britain's polioy of 'drift' had allowed the ' open door ' to bo absolutely shut " Ho furthor nssTted that tho British sphore of in- fluence in the Tang-tso Valley was " rery mythioal " The ponny postage system has been extended to Ceylon An agitation is beginning m America against confining the trade of Puerto Rico to American vessels Mr Fleming, tho missionary who has boen miudorcd by Chinese at Panghai, left Australia in 1895 Tho Tionoli Government is willing to guarantee a loan of £S,000,000 for the construction of Indo Clnneso inilwajB Sir Tohn Towlei, Bart, K O M G , tho eminent civil enginoor, has diod at tho age of 81 years St Paul's Cathedral authorities, London, have pud to the oflieinl receiver in the estate of Mr E 1' Hoolcv tho v atuo of tho gold communion sor vico presented by him on tho occasion of the Queen's lîccord Koign festivities Tho donors of tho amount aro anonymous A Renter's tologram states that a treaty has been signed on behalf of Tranco and Italy for tho adoption of a minimum tariff, except in regard I to silk1« Georgo To» na, the Hunter River sonllor, has accepted Iho challenge of W A Barry lo row for ¿250 a side and the " Sportsman's CUD " Plague riots have taken place at Seungapatam, "Mvsoro, India, whoro 10,000 Hindoos and Mohammedans attacked the ofhoialc of the sani- tary authorities The cavalry was called out , numbers of rioters woro killed, and 134 takon prisoners Tho plague is increasing in Madras, and is very sev ero in Bnngaloro and the Central provínoos Mr Cecil Rhodes, «peaking m tho Capo Houso of Assembly on Monduy, said that the northom ruilwny extension would eventually reach Egypt if obstados were not thrown in tho way Ho regarded iho Bulawayo railwnvns tho keyhole of Africa, and said that it was intended to pro- ceed with tho construction of the railway to Laka Tanganyika forth« ith Tho Premier expressed sympathy willi Mr Rhodcs'e appeal for support for tho noi them roilwuy, which ho declared wond beoomo tho " great street " of Afrioa Yesterday tho sooond meeting of the Royal Commission to inquire into tho charges rnado agmnst Mr J H Young, Minister for Works, in connection with the late Hastings and Maolcay election, v. as held in tho old Banoo Court The evidence taken on tho previous day was read over ned signed, and tho Commission adjourned till to day Judge Booker was yesterday examined before the sub-committee of the City Council appointed to inquire into the subject of writing off overdue rates, &. The annual session of the Sydney District Synod of the "Wesleyan Church were opened in the Centenary Hall yesterday. Dr. Hunt,, the Queensland Government Patho- logist, during his residence in the central districts, has thoroughly investigated the subject of tick fever, and is satisfied with the efficacy of in- oculation. Elizabeth Dibley was sentenced at the Central Criminal Court yesterday to six months' im- prisonment for having caused the death of her child through neglect. At Connington, near Perth, W. A., recently, a " ghost " that had been causing considerable alarm was captured. The man who had been parading as a " ghost " was soundly thrashed with a paling and ten set at liberty. At Kalgoorlie on Satutday Jules Henri Betrix, afruit hawker, reported to the police that his mate, John Malone, had been kicked to death by a horse. Subsequently suspicions of foul play were aroused and Betrix was arrested. He has been committed for trial. Last night a deputation interviewed the Minister for Works at Parliament House to ad- vocate the construction of a railway from Temora to Wyalong. Mr Young, in reply, said that before the end of the sossion the matter would be sub- mitted to the Public Works Committee for the connection of Wyalong with the railway system of the colony. Business m investments in the Stock and Share market yesterday was again very quiet AU Government debentures and Btock wore unaltered, a fcalo of 3 per cents boing mado at par In the Import market yesterday **MJ«W« restricted Good quantities o£ tea changed "ttDarhng Harbour vesterday 3o96 bale, of wool »ore manifested, 28o3 ^"f**^ wiso, and 377 came forward by rail at Newcastle on Monda} _?._.__ There was bettor business in the Mining market yeatorday, with anjniprovedjonejn aovoral Queensland gold stocks. Western Aus- tralian gold companies were generally stronger. Testorday's oustom's revenue amounted to £5960. TTho balance-shoot of the Queensland Invest- ment and Laud Mortgage Company, Limited, shows a debit of £{168. At tho Sydney wool sales yesterday 8107 bales were catalogued, ind 7207 were sold. There wa» a brisk markot throughout, nnd competition was auimatcd and well distributed. Tho statement in regard to public business mnde last night by tho Premier enables the public to onco moro appre- ciate the beatitudo promised to those who expect nothing. It must be confessed that the Government has so conducted matlors as to leave itsolf little choice as to the course to be taken. Of the censure motions to yrhioh tho Premier referred as ocoupying much of tho time of the House, two at least wore occasioned by Ministerial acts or proposals which no independent Parlia- ment could refuse to discuss without abnegating ita most impoi tant obligations. As the caso now stands, the Government has to Bolect betwoen closing the busiuoss of the session beforo Christmas, at tho cost of shelving the greater part of the projected work, or, if tho session is to be prolonged after Ohristmas, the Premier's proposal to go into conference with the other Promiors in regard to federation must bo indefinitely postponed, with the result of resolving all his past declarations into something like mookery. Mr. Beid properly sees that the latter course would be too hazardous nn experiment upon the confidence of Parliament, the public, and the other federating colonies. He is therefore perforce reduced to the formor alternative. But nt what a cost of aban- donment ! Of the bills promised at tho opening of tho sossion, tho Friendly Sooietios Bill, the Fisheries Bill, the Amonding Land Selections Bill, tho Muni- cipal lloform Bill, the Legal Procedure Bill, the Council Koform Bill, tho Savings Bank Bill, " and other promised measures," once moro promised in the Governor's speech three months ago, aro all consigned to tho waste bnskot, which has extended its hospitality to thom on former occasions. All this exhibits a rather ample margin betwoen pro- mise and achievement when we confront it nt the hands of a Ministry which largely trained its position by enumerating and denouncing the unfulfilled promises of its predecessors. After this glance nt theso important promised mensures which ara not ovon approached, and which in due timo will bo brought out again to pad out a Ministerial progrnmmo to bo submitted to a confiding public, it is interesting to turn to the bills which the Piemier thinks may still bo passed into law in tho few romaiuing days of tho session. Tho work yet to bo done includes the doalings with the finances, about which it is understood that many hon. members intend to make some show of independence when this can be dono in perfect security. In addition to this thoro aro soino " non-contontious mattors." ns the Premier cheerfully calls them, such transparently clear and nou- disputatioii3 proposals, for example, as a bill to make advances of Stato money to selectors, a bill lo amend the Marino Board, and a bill lo prevent trado disputes. Of theso, nil that it is necessary now to say is that tho first opens very wido questions, and the second nud third havo already furnished mattor for signal legislative failures. Mr. Eoid " quite hopes " to doal with tho Defamation Bill, nnd the Government " certainly in- tended to deal with ten proposals for public works," some of which would bo introduced in the form of bills. As to this batch of proposals, sinco they rueroly concern the expenditure of largo sums of loan money, they can bo appropriately iutroducod in the rush at the end of the session, and very little time will suffico for their consideration. The way in which human intontions aro made tho sport of circumstances, and sorvo to illustrato tho irony of events, could hardly bo bettor illustratod than by a com- parison of the light-hearted way in which Mr. íteid abandons his legislativo big gage for tho sossion, with tho woy in which ho won office four years ago by sternly con- demning the shortcomings of iormor Governments under preoisoly similar con- ditions. But then, as Mr. Hoid reminds Parlia- ment, he "got his federal resolutions through harmoniously and successfully." Tt is quite legitimate to _ quoto tho carrying of tho resolutions as some sot-ofi against tho legislative steri- lity of tho sossion. But bofoio we nttompt to" ostimato the value of tho sot- ofi wo must know what is to bo the praotical effect of the work done. Will it operate to for- ward and assist federation, or to rotard and uerhaps defeat it ? Time only can show us this. But it is ono of the obvious facts of tho situation that the supportors of tho resolutions iucluded many members who on formor occasions have stood without disguise as opponent* of federation in any possible form."Tliore is another considera- tion which has to be taken into account. When the doalings of Parliament with federation aro pleaded as explaining and justifying its failure to attend to the ordinary legislativo requirements of tho country, we havo to remember that this is not tho first time that this excuso has boon tonderod. Lnst year both Housos were engaged in revising the draft work of the Convention, and in suggesting amend- ments, manv of which could hardly havo boen pretended to display a cordial desire for federal union. Then thero was tho timo occupied in both Houses in carryiug the Enabling Act Amendment Bill, which was intended to place a pitfall in the way of tho decision of tho question by the majority of the people, and in fact secured its purpose. Goiug still further back we have the debatos upon the original Enabling Act, and somewhat later the adjournment of Parliament to allow of the sittings of the Convention. In some form or other we have bad federation peremptorily ocoupying the time of Parlia- ment Bession after session. If dealing with this Bubject is to bo accepted as ex cusing legislative sterility in other matters, thon tim oxcuse is one wo are likely to havo always with us till federation has become a reality. The Premier himself admits, sinco the general eleotion, that it is impossible for any force now to stop the course of federation. This apparently means that as long as the false friends or open enemies of union oan stave off its accomplishment wo aro doomed to have sessions of our Parliament as sterile as ' that which is now coming to an end. Parliament may meet and a big programme of work may be submittod, ranging from "tinkenngs with the tariff " to tho reconstruction of ono House of the Legislature. Party principles may bo discarded, and may give placo to the combinations of personal faction, magnificent policies _ may bo established and again cost aside ; but to tho people of the country the whole proceedings will be viewed but as a moro simulacrum of political lifo. That, if wo accept the lesson of the past and assume the extonsion of similar results to the' future, must bo the sole outcome of the interval during which tho Govern- ment and Parliament may affect to carry on legislativo work under conditions which, whatever Governments and Parlia- ments may do, must soon give place to the largor national lifo whick lies beforo us, and to which tho acts alike of its friends and its enemies every day bring us nearer. If those praiseworthy organisation!, known as tho Houaowives' Guild and tho National Council of Women achieve nothing moro than a refor- mation in Australian domestio cookery they will deserve woll of their sufforing, country, and may thereupon dis- band with honour. This is a serious subject. Tlio feminine half of the population has organised itself in enthusiastic sections at different timos for all sorts of purposes, from woman- hood suffrage downwards, and their efforts have been oncouragod by observant sisters and malo relatives with various dogroos of gruvity. But their present attitude admits of no adverse criticism. Cookory is essentially a woman's province, at least that branch of it popularly known ns domestic cookery. It is true that hore, as in most other branches of human effort and high achievement, it is the moro man who has striven for and attaiuod the highest honours of tile art. The Brillat-Savarins and Soyors of culinary record wore mon, and not women, and the chefs of tho cordon bhu also bolong to tho orudcr half ' of humanity. But the burden of the world's responsibility for its cookery, and it is no slight one, is borne mainly in the moro sensitive hands of womon, and if a reform in this direction is needed it is to the womenfolk of the country 'that we must look for our saviours. As to whether or not suoh a reform is needed iu Australia, it may be said in all sober truth that on this Íioint Australian public opinion has ong since made up its collective mind. If we aro to beliovo all wo hoar on tho subject, it would appear that our omergence from the damper and "billy" toa stage of civilisation is only comparative after all, so far as the bulk of the population is concerned. Domes- ticity is not sufficiently developed amongst us to make cottage cookory a respectable science, much loss a fine ort. " Tho dovil sends cooks " is part of an old adngo for the authorship o£ which wo iu Australia aro not responsible ; but it is certainly true that in this favoured land nf cheap provisions much is dono to spoil tho peoplo's food boforo it reaches the stage of consumption. Tho women of this colony appear to havo awakened in earnest;, to ° perception of this fact, and hence we lind them moving energetically in the direction of having tho importance ol domestio cookory recognised by thoso whose official business it is to direct tho interests of public instruction. The Ministor for Education has been approached by depu- tation, and tho question has been elo- quently urged upou his attention by ladies who evidently havo given serious and practical thought to this most practical of subjects. Perhaps they havo recog- nised that it is of 110 uso to teach and preach to male humanity, idlo to roason with it or appeal to its finer instincts, prodigal of sound political privilogo to endow it with tho suffrage, and n moro wasto of time to try to stem the rising tide of divorce, so long as man is martyred by bad cookery. Ladies havo been nobly in the van of many philanthropic and social reform movomonts, but as a rule their uuphilosophic minds permit thom to attack consequences rather than causes. They aro horrified at the evils of intem- pérance, at social disorders, at tho deoay of tho religious instinct, and many other things which might be oured, paradoxical as it may appear, by sound eliot and good cookory. After all that has been said and writton on the subject, it is only hore and thoio that good women havo found out ns if by a sort instinct that tho work of social reform begins at homo, and that the working man, whatever grade of labour or professional rauk ho may be in, is much moro amenablo to civilising and refining influences when ho is surrounded by the comforts of a true homo than when ho is permitted to lead the existence uncom plimentarily compared by the liebre w pen- man to that of the wild asses of tho desert. It may bo possible to realise tho high ideal of a true home without the prosaic and realistic condition of decent cookory, but wo shall have to wait for tho ora of a sufficiently popularised artificial albumen before wo can hopo to make practical acquaintance with it. . Tho courageous pioneer whoso resolu- tion proposing a chair of cookery at the University was defeated in the House- wives' Guild tho other day may havo perhaps erred from over-zeal, but tho prin- ciple underlying the suggestion was sound. J If the health and happiness of the com-J munity depend on ¡te cookery-and we are assured bj' reputable observers that they do-then it must bo ovident that tho subject is ono worthy of all tho attention wo can givo it. The justly famous Brillat Savarin was a dignifiod mombor ol' the Court of Cassation and a rovorond signior of about soventy yoars of age when ho devoted his ripe faculties to the produc- tion of his " Physiology of Tasto," and Soyor gave tho gleanings of a lifotimo of experience to teach the world his art. These worthies have had their reward in having communicated a bettor knowledge of the art of living to some scores of thousands of their fellow-creatures, and in that way have entitled them- selves to even moro distinguished honours from the race their tastes adornod than the glorified Corsican ndvonturer who led ten times as many to throw their lives away as useless. Tet wo teach history in our schools, whilo we comparatively neglect cookory. The Ministor for Educa- tion was told by Mrs. Armitago the other day that in 1896 out of 234,392 scholars on the rolls of our Public schools only 1302 were taught to cook, and of thoso only 5 por cent, woro the daughters of working mon, and 2 por cent, domestic servants, while 72 per cent. were from the middlo-classes, who might bo presumed not to require this kind of school instruction so much. "Wo spend £1200 a year on our cooking classes, and that sum many times multiplied on education generally. There is an evident discrepancy here. One of the ladies of tho Housewivos' Guild proposes to remedy it by making tho treating of cookory compulsory in all Publio schools from tho third standard upwards, suggesting that tho necessary time be found by reducing that now given to arithmetic It is not exactly easy to say why this choice was mado, but it is probably safe enough to assort that under the Saturnian reign of decent domestio cookory, once it is fairly in- augurated, the intricacies of domestio arithmetic, and consequently the necessity for its study by girls, will bo greatly minimised. Is there any speoial reason why a coal- mine should bo selected as the sub j cot of an experiment in State socialism ? The reply made by the Premier to tho mover of the proposal showed that, so far from this being the case, there are some strong special reasons against the State, meaning in this case the Railway Commissioners, embarking in any such undertaking. Among the reasons assigned for tho courso suggested was the statement that " the wages re- ceived now were barely sulllciont for the mon to live upon." But why is tltis ? It is a result of the fact that for some time coal-mining has been an unprofitable undertaking. It is in what has long boon a depressed trado that the Government is by a majority of the House called upon to embark the money of the taxpayer. Sinco the reason of taking this courso is the low wages earned in the industry, the object of the change must be to raiso the rate of wageB paid. That is to say, the Government i o refuse to accept coal on contract, supplied, as wo know, at bare cost price, and is to employ its own men at artificially enhancod rates. At whoso cose is a "working-man's para- dise " to bo secured to a favoured few, lo GOO men out of tho 9000 coalminers of the colony ? It is to be done nt tho cost of the general taxpayer, including, as Mr. Reid pointed out, the 8400 miners whoso wagos are in no way improved by the chango, and who nre lo be saddled with part of the cost. It must bo apparent to tho members who carried this motiou that no majority thoy could give it would avail lo noouro its offoot. How would it bo possiblo to raiso tho wages of a soloct iiOO to nn artificial lovel when 8400 mon, with equal claims, were clamouring at the doors of the mino for a sharo in the subsidised employment of which thoy had to bear part of the cost. The wholo country-and our agricultural, pastoral, and mining indus- tries most of all-is interested in tho traffic and freight rates on the railways being kept down to the lowest possible lovel. How could this be done if one set of State pensioners after another, uow a coal mine, now a clothing factory, now an ironworks, wore quartorod upon tho railway expendi- ture nt rates of paymont dolibointely enhanced to servo as au oxamplo to other employors, who, with their omployoes, havo to bo taxed to defray tho cost ? The only signifiennoo of the motion is in the proof it gives how little our labour mem- bers and their profossed sympathiser-! havo loarned as tho result of tovoral years' participation in tho work of Parlia- ment. Our London correspondent in his lottor a few days ago spoko of " tho majestic variability of tho English climate" Though we can hardly refer in such transcendental torms to the depravity of our weathor conditions, wo can, nevertheless, boast of possessing a trying climato aud ono that has exceptional foaturcs. Ohiof among them stands out what is known as the '. ¡Southorly buster," which surprises us by its sudden onslaught, and earns our gratitude by tho flood of coolness it bountifully hurls into tho midst of a sun-baked, stifling city, trans- ferring people in nu instnut from tho lassitude of midsummer to the briskness of winter. Our correspondent also refers to the question of woathor foreensting, and montions the prevailing dissatisfaction with rogard to meteoro- logical prophecies. The Sydney Post mastor-Gonornl must bolong to tho ranks of the sceptics, for from on announcement mado yesterday ho is going in for a schemo of woather-prodicting of his own that, if not ambitious, has at loast tho merit of boing fairly ti ustworthy. Oursontherlios, as a rulo, travel a definito course, and henceforth those cool blasts aro not to swoop down on us unawares, but as they bowl along the coast their progress will bo noted, and tele- graphed up to Sydnoy. On ono of those despairing days of summer hoat when lifo sooms haidly worth living, and the only ray of hopo rests with a chango from tho South, anxious eyos will gaze with longing nt the tower of the Genoral Post OiTico. If tlioy soo displayed tuoro a white flag with tho letter " ID " in the centro, thoy aro to uudoistand that thoir oxuborant Southerly lias reached Eden, and in tho same way " J. B." for Jorvis Bay, and " \V." for Wol- longong. How the scheme will work is a little uncertain. Should tho southerly busters tnko it into thoir foolish hoads to indulge in a period of ficklonoss and toar furiously along tho coast as far as Wollongong and thoa impotently die away, the Postmastor-Genorol stands a chanco of becoming the best chaffed man in tho community. Then what of thoir raids by night? Lanterns or an oloctrio light would bo required to bo fixed on tho top of the Post Oflico tower. Tho Postmastor appears to havo made nb provision for this. It would appear from our cables this morning that the threatened renewal of hostilities over the question of tbo Philip- pines is in a fair way to bo averted. At least, that is the construction wo uro entitled to put on the news that the obstinnto attitudo of tho Spanish Peace Commissioners has changed, and that so far from withdrawing and abruptly breaking off all negotiations they aro proceeding with the parloyings as activoly as over. No doubt the firm, not to say belligeront, attitude of the United States, tho mobilisation of the American fleet and forces, and perhaps tho amicable relations of that country with lingland, also havo helped to bring Spain to a moro reasonable framo of mind. Otto thing must bo by this timo absolutely clear, even to the Spanish mind. This is that the United States will rotaiu tho Philippines, and that the utmost the formor owners can do is to niako tho best of a bad bargnin. For the outer world the signifi- cant feature of tho Amorican proposal is the offer to rotaiu tho " open door " ia tho Philippines. This is following in the footsteps of British pulicy, though the fiscal faith of the States might have boon sup- posed to be rondy lo dictate a different Hue of action. A similar feeling is shown in regard to Puerto Rico, nnd in this it is porhapsnot altogether impossiblo to traco tho results of British influonco. Tho friendly tono of the Spanish Com- missioners is, moanwhile, a promising augury for a peacoablo cscopo from tho prosont difficulty. FAIVH AMI) STATION NOTES.-Our speciol com- missioner, in his artiole dealing with farm and station notes, furnishes somo interesting informa- tion respecting tho probablo avcrago harvest yield during tho approaohing Beason. Amongst other subjects touohed upon are " firebreaks," cooling milk and dairio», tho breeding of pigs, and tho remedy for milk fever. THE SYDNEY MAIL.-The growing intorost in Queensland whioh has been evident in this colony for somo timo should onsuro a largo demand for the MBUO of tho " Sydney Mail " this wook, as it contains an illuBtritcd opitomo of tho romarkablo progress of the northern colony, and especially of it« capital. This occupies some 13 pages and iaoludcs about 50 pictures aud numerous portraits, dealing with tho Brisbane of the past, the city of the present, and tho notabilities assooiutcd with its progress. A great numbor of thoso pictures nio from photographs speciallyfakon for the " Mail," and they give an uxcellont idea of tho growth of tho north. Thoy inoludo tho streets, public institutions, churches, bnsiness placos, and so on, as thoy are al present, contrasted with tlia same streets and places as they appeared in 1S59. The ordinary features of tho paper are well repre« eented, and recent oyente are commemoratod by portraits of the late Mr. "Whittingdalo Johnson, tho Hon John Hughes M. n _. >». t* . while the spoÄcL Z,lÄf menta aro full of intereft ' "4 °*«*|5 VioE-EEOAi, NEWS -Tho I_ ^ Viscountess Hampden, and tho T_!°aS *> the Hon Dorothy Brand wd? rZLfio"«ä Porest early ,n D^nS H^W8ult"* promised to bo present at the B,_ ,T"!'1'» ing which is to be held o" Now YA <kthit Gerard, Lady, and «_. S^*^'*» J_ Brisbane on Saturday fhev «ni ». tambl» Kenï ^^ÄTS business will bo notice of fte _*__,.! ?* federal rosolut.ons by the AC^GCA* in a short speech wíll explaÄilÄ _s_2_r^^h*EW_ VioL-PnEsmEKT op __ !r__j_r_ (Wm At a meeting of the Exocuti^SuVS Hughes, HO, was sworn «, .. . *? «^Executive, aU"^"__,J^rf Président of the _,ec"tlT0 M,_ tho" Ä Dr Garran, reaignod, wasconfinneâ A DE «n Si"m_Oii -Tho case of Wontr M,,, a Chinaman, who was sentenced to d__H recent Cremt Court, before Mr húSaM* for the murder of his mate, was before the E_? law should take ltaeon_i,.Bd ____««.« fixed as the dato of tho execution Wen!/" stand that the Chmeso resident, of _. Z,i, preparing a petition to the Governor prsyJö Wong Ming may bo reprieved CONSOUDATIOV Aors -Tho Prunier intend! to move this evening, in the Legislative __0blT in order that tho measures may be at onooMwa' -"That so much of the Standing Order. W pended as woald preoludo the putuur ol ti« following bills, consolidating oxisung Atti through all their stages in one day -1. Don mi Goat Bill, 2, Lunacy Bill, 3, Se.m_ Mt loreign Seamon Bill, 5, Smtll Debts' i(«arô. Bill and 6, Lvidonce of Parties Bill " Tira JOINT STOCK Com AMES' AimooBmn in -Pho Minister for Justico intends to mot», on ti» first available opportunity,-" .That leave bo gina to bring in a bill to continue seotioa 3 of tie Joint ^took Compamo..' Arrangement Act, 1891, to Its first day of January, 1901 " I DDCATiON UNDEP Drem-raiiES -Mr COM. lund, M L A , rocogniBos the great difficult«! nhich lie in the wa«, of tho Public school teteben during the hot weather Ho IB desiroui that lie Mmintcr for i'ducution shall take into couUeti tion tho ad visai laics of having each of tho Publia schools provided with punkahs, so as to secant oooler atraosphero and botter ventilation doting the summer months, such punkahs to tie worled by w atcr power « hero that is available ana m other places to ho worked bv hand Mr Cope laud will ask a question in tho Legislative Amm blj on the matter to night SUNDAY TnADiMj AND THE ToiAuuro». Potitions wera presented to tho LeguUtm Assembly last ovemng in opposition to the Bailly trading mcaeuro, mid also to the Totshntor Legalising Bill Mr M'Lean presented t petition from tho Rev "W M Bill Mackj president of tho Now South Wal« Chrihtmn Eudcavoui Union, representing (bit at a meeting of that union rcfukttitni were un imniously carried expressing unabated opposition to the liquor traffic and the proposal to legalise tho sitio of lntoxinating liq«r on Sundays also urging tho rejecta of auy proposals to legalise the totahuttr Petitions against giving increased faoüitie« for the opening of public houses and shops on Sun day wore presen tod by tho Premier, and also bj Mciisr« Piddington, Cruickshank, Law, and M 1 nrlnne The petitions emanated from meet inga of lodges of the Independent Order of Gotd Templars hold nt tho temperance Hall, Sydney, nt lia goldfield«, at Rob Roy, at Balmain at Mnoleau, and at King s Creel A\TArcTio LvrLOrATio«, - Dr Rose, Mb A | ia desirous of securing aid to the Geographical Socioty m England He asked the Premier, ra tho Legislativo Assembly last night, whether,» the interests of science, it was tho intention of tia Govormntut to take uni step by way of rendering some aid to tho Royal Geographical Society ia England in the vi ay of completing Aotarctie t-cplorntion Mr Reid replied " Not at present. Frisai AiFiiiD PAUK-Mr Dacey questioned tho Pramior ljst night, in the Lejiilatrre Assem- bly, na to whother or not tho Railway Commli« eioncrs had " lakon possession " of part of tbi park Mr Reid replied -" Iho land knowani ' Priuco Alfred Park ' (IS sores 3 rocdi) wai dedicated as a ' Reservo for Public Recreation ' by noticL in tho ' Goiornmeut Gazelle' of De- cember 21, lfjfO, uni the Municipal Connell of Sydney wero uppointod trustees on October 1! 1S( 0 I nm informed n small portion of the park, at tho extreme uoith east comer, waite Burned under pioclamation dated October 29 18JG, gii/ctted Novctnbor 11, 1S96, by which the Railway Commissioners were appointed the eon structiug authority to carr) out a necessary wolli The siiall portion in question was of no prat tie ii uso, -lud the City Council as trait«« agreed to tho resumption Tho building being erected on the land provides for an «tension of til instituto erected for th6 use of the railway mea, tho existing building not «(fording lufficitnt accommodation for the classes, meeting«, library, to , conducted there " Tur PcTurjc WOHKS CoasuiisE-Tho Minuter foi Work-, Mr J H \uung, stated in the Legislative As«tmblj hist night that he would prolnblv give notico if motion regarding the nppoiutmcut of the Publio Worki Committee when Parliament meets this ovening Certain names mil bo submitted by the Minuta, but in nil probability a vote of tho IIouso will be taken on the matter Tr_>ra _ Suras AT WAVERUIÏ - A c . representing the municipal councils of Paddui'i ton, Woollahra, and Waierloy, was introducedto tho Hnilvvuv Commissioners j eskrday morning ty Messrs D Davis and J G Carroll, Mali A,to link tint tho Commissioners would move the train way (oko sheds frrm their present position onths Wnverlev-road, na thev formed na nn iightl, objict in such olo'o contiguityto tho Ceiiteiinml Park In reply, the <¡m mwsioners informed the deputation to" tho¿ hoped at no distant date that the tmmw«yi would be conicitcd from stcim to electro trac tion, -«hen tho coko sheds Mould become uno«« nary und would bo icmouel They coola Mt mnko other arrangements for the intonenn« penod, as, if SIIOJB -A oro erected elsewhere mer might becomo unnecessary almost mimeoiiteljf after construction, and the eost would be t_o.ni away Hie question, however, should recato attention at tho earliest possiblo moment RrcRFAiiov ron TIM POLICE-It »ill >» .* membcrod that the grantiner of holidays 0ti members of tho Police Toreo formed a gT»"T* m connection with tho Into contest in «J0."1""*? Division Mr Dacey, M L A , ia diBtatwßett witt theprcsentcouht.onof things He ha-g"»»»T' that ho will, m tho Legislative Assembly W evCDiiig "1 the Premier the following?^t« -.. 1 Is he aware that member« of _ P*» force, relying upon his promise, hare JPP'f "J li dava' holiday, and have been rJiuedt* - » ho seo that the Pol.eo Department _«*.»W necessary arra.igei.ic.its to reilcem lu«P«»»«" tho doctors ?" Mr Ch__r,ML A,£» desirous of seeing that the pouee «. J»*¡ wi'h rccreit.ou Ho intends tli.a evening ioW Leg-slat». Assembly, to ask the Colon,."*£ tarj tho following questions -"1 Do iel.« cilisthoines, and swimming form any p i««» drill of tho poheo force ? 2 H '"'^ ffi lion of the force are considered efficient n eacD »' these requirements ? 3 If not so. vriUbtff "do measures to ensure that every "^"'^ force be taught these very necessary «wg» montar 4 Is ambulance work *yj"0'" police duties , if not, will ^J^S*JS constable be taught how to render first aid mow of accident or other emergency f » M°» ^ ccrtilicate. of competency in tho .tero »W" required from all constables before »g p.* moted to higher grades in the service r* TK__UBBB'S ADVANCE AccotrsT-A.»^ of pajmeats from the ^«"JÄ »* count during October lastwa I^00'?' Tl, of thoLeg.slat.ve Assembly last DigW, payments aggregated _790o IS» Id, togffi Items »»'»Krohco Superannuation ÏD* 18s Id, imported stock, £ 1609^ 3» ~ ," blocking K.ng-atreet, Newtown lose J. * ,0a Gdb, Macleay Hi.« ^^vS £710 18s fid, Moruya River '2^ 0o_.),JC02« lls7d, ^'ffC^ZatU fence £o II 15s Od , and the B«^"",r _ » towards cost »^rfeBM"ta^,%. o) Tja. Souim» C»"fw.E.spr;;r"aPu.e Booth bow to prende an oi^.''fT'^1 _wM Coast, with a viow of enablingUw °°a. tboreto bo developed under he »ort W> cironmstanoes, is doalt ""I"'., ty, iilM. reporte- in an arbole -*H^ Í^S«*-" The article explains in detail »^J«rai that havo been laid before Parliament, » t ^ ^)MiíierniayformaJnafrnientMtothevalue CKA ^>*?»» fun»»"-« » .*-*« »mount of ..".Meatanstical information of the coal output ÄorZal centres on the South Coast <Tm CÜTOENT BLUB BOOK.-Tho Premier i JT lie fable of the Assembly last night tho ^lonÄ List for 1898 This compilation *°Zi 240 foolscap pages of olraely-printed M« being details of all officers employed by Alimentât June 30, 1898, and .¡»ti» «^"tómanos The latter disclose the sálanos llïïn the Tarions department« of State as Jt"-Chief Secretory, £125,202 for 948 ÏÏn , Womal Treasurer, £100,263 for 964 S Attorney-General, £16,068 for 56 J¿¿¿¡ Lands, £166,377 for 665 persons, tovn*i£l77 757 far 8!)1 POTSOn" > Jtutios, Ïi8«493for 1675 pcrsonB , Education, £604,734 »«.6108 persons, Mines and Agricultura, £46 011 for270 persons, Post and Telegraph, ïîni m for 4993 parsons Publie Somoa Board, S for 17 parsons Grand total, £1,878,559 for 15,587 pe"0DS in the emPloy of the StBto Tn¡ CASE or SYDNEY COOPEE -The report of tbeielMt committee oppointed to uiqmro into h, circonstances attending the case of Sydney Cooper, who obtained authority to mino under a «id in the parish of Clive upon the représenta- is that he was the holder of a minorai lease, »hichk-atotho Appeal Conrt subs- quontly ad ,ndwd invalid, was laid before the Assembly aitniiht Tho decision of the Appeal Coiut «topped Cooper in an action ho waa taking «ninit certain persons for infringement of bia «uppwed rights as a miner A clause was after wirda inserted in the Mining Aot Amendment Act to remedy the defect in the law which had led (othodecision of tho Appeal Court Cooper en- countered costs and losses aggregating £300, and the commitleo recommended tua oaso to the favoir tll) consideration of the Government "MOTION DAY" IN Drvoncc -Wlion the law notices announco " In Divorce-Motions, appli- cations, (to ," it means a field day for tho legal profession, and tho swirl and sweep of statt gowns in combination with the raorcunal movement« of s host of sohoitoreloavs not a f roo oornor in the court for the inquisitive public Evon " parties to the case " aro squeezed out into the lay regions beyond the prccinota "Whoro they aro very an nous for rapid progression thoy nnrso tlitir impationoo 10 a small back ofhoe of their lawyers, and eagerly drink in thorepottof the pnncipnl when bireturns with tidings relativo to tho reception which their particular "opphoation" or "motion" encountered at tho hands of his Honor tho Judge fien if thoy braved tho discomfort of the court tbey uould bo no vwscr for listoui ig to the recondite dialogue hotwoon the Bench and tho Bar, io probablj thoy display wisdom in absenting themacrrei Truo thoj might, if thoir natures would permit, oxtract somn enjoyment from tho medloy of subjects ditousscd, because they vary marvcllouslv, and moro latitude iu countenanced than whou it is "cause dav " Motion day io Mrh»p* a mosaic in divorce, in the construction of which light humour and "lauijhtor m court" cimpy no small ruaco Sometimes a lay 1 party " does find himsolf m oourt on theso dir», but it is often vory much ngain«t bis will no may bo "in contempt" for non-oomphanco with an order of tho Court, and, if 60, ho lias to listen to rival olaimnnts for the "attachment" of his body Thom was ono inch case yesterday, and in the oourso of it counsel told the Court that a desire had been oipresaed to "put the îospondent where iho flics would not get at lum " His Honor thought of the approaching hot weather, and inquired (the location of such an elysium of bliss It must hare been with a rudo shook that he loarncd that Darlinghurst was tho placo which enjoyed the reputation of indemnity from tho summer peat Then his Honor, referí nig to tho ability of the respondent to rompl> with tho order, com inenced a storj about a little girl who oould but would not Bing, but, to tho exasperation of his hearers, left the nnocdoto at it« title Another application bronght to light the singular spectaole eta would be litigant who could not got a lawyer to conduct his ease The solution of tho mystery wai that the petitioner was proceeding in forma piupeni, and although no law yer in court w as eager to net as his attorney, one of tho number, at Ide request of tho Cinrt, offered to advi«e bun A MoMOirii 1 «orri SUIT -The Chief Judge In tquity gav o judgment yesterday in tho suit Knight v the Munioipal District of Rockdale, intoiviug a disputo whioh turned mainly on tho ruo construction and offeot of section l61 oí the Municipalities Act of 1807 His Honor pointed out in ins judg- ment that the case raised questions of great difh tnlty, on which different minda might easily arnyo at different conclusions Lvory view that had been suggested or had occurred to him seomed open to gravo objections, and it was a question which nos open to the lonst objection Unfortu- nately tho language used in the scot ion did not (Ieatly effect what wai evidently intended A mportot tho judgment given bj bia Honor will bo lound in our law columns A Lois ron MOS-ÍAN -At last night's meeting »f tho Mosman Council a letter was rood from tho Pnncipal Under Sccretaiy intimating that tho ïovernor, with the advice of the Lxecutivo Coun 1, had given tho necessary authority for tho »rough of Mosman to borrow the sum of £1500 A minute bj the M ij or subsequently read recom- mended that the amount should bo raised by tbo mun of 15 iebontureo at £100 cooh, carrying in- terest at the rato of 4 per cent por annum and rcdccmnl le in Bevon yonrs Tho reoommendation was adopte 1 Tho ousting liabilities of tho Mos man Council m îcgnrd to loans amount to £1200, £3000 ot which u, the indebtedness lo tho Borough of riorth Sjduoy incurred in the Mosman district prior to the «cn irntion of the boroughs rmincTNi or PrrsoNrns-Tho BJ «tom of restnotod association iu conncitou with tho manageinfut of prisoners h ii now boon in opera lion fur more than a year, and at the present timo it ii appliel in 10 gaolB, including those at Bath- urst, Goulburn, and Maitland TI o system aims it al ol sli ng the compulsory intermingling i f tho worst characters with mon nilling to lmpiovo hcmi°Ho», reducing the opportunities of the ormor of oxer ming t j runny over the latter ind ¡,encrillj assisting possible reform of haraitci bj juduious clussiiicatiou Under t priai nets mo MVCII oulnrgeil opportunities tor re ding a pmilo^o whic'i was to compensate for ti o men being cotnp U^d to take their meals 'ach m his o-vo i oil ¡mi to associate only nt work, religions instruction and otero M. In tho opinion of Mr Neitcnstcin, tho Comptroller General of Prisons the Ryvtom may now fairlj bo adjudged successful ï,o friction lins attended its mt rodna lion und thero is evcrj iciisoii to believo that nilly 9i per cent of the prisoners wdcomo tho ihanj.e Tho niajnnlj of prison oflenoea pro Mously occurred on Saturdays and Sundajs, when tho pribonors wcro associated for long pcnols non tho«o mo tho quietest da j s of tho i ck Tho reformitiio and do terrent results of tho system were likely to bo most mnrkod, and would bo enhanced still more if thero nero a revision of tho rules respect- ing " separate " treitment The report empha tised tho neces'itj for docroasiug the flow of criminals into tins colony from othor pnrts Vie tona and South Australia had rigorous laws in this dueclion, wlnlohcro ltvvns most discouraging lo tho Pi isous aelmmistrutton to sec the gaol popu lation «ii clled from foreign Bourcos, wlnlo local resoureos nero strained to initiate sound reforma- tory treatment NAVAL NOTLS -Hie Penguin, now surveying Io the Ilubai group is to leave early next month forSjdnev and tho Dart, surveying along the Queensland coast, is to leave Cairns on the 10th proximo for Sydnei Nov.8 from tho Porpoise at qaaioa i« that tho ofbeors and e row v. orp entertained at a garden party by the staff of tho London Mia Honary Society, who also, at tho Bamo time, enter- tained tho offioer« and orows of the German men ot war in port During tho stay of tho Tauranga at Raratonga sho wa» v MI ted by tho King, who is des nbed as a finolj dovolopod man 0ft 4in high THE MAU SÍSAMEOS -The delivery in the city yesterday of the English mail of London date Ootober 22 per RMS Orient was regarded with rame satisfaction As already has been announced the Orient is not ooming on to Sydney this time, but »assengors wlm had booked here will go on ?7 rail to join the ship at Molbourno The Austral Bhculd bo hero on Triday or Saturday uoxt A cabio to tho P and O Company yes-1 lorday announces the arrival of the Oriental at Plymouth on the 20th instant Tho malls by tho Ouioo, dated Sydnoy Ootober l8, arrived in Lou- don on Iho 21st instant, and the mails by the Aorangi, dated Sydnoy Ootober 8, arrived m london on tho 19th instant STOHJCY VOIAOE OF A VESBFL -Tho Gorman built steel barque Amazono, whioh anohored last aight in Watson's Bay, had a. dreadful voyoge «cross tho Southern Ocean She oanio from East London, feouth Africa, and was not ablo to oxrry her full topsails during most of the passago, the weather was so violent To quote Cap »" Ebrhwd " Ternffio squalls from the SSW. oausnd us to oarry only our lower "PMils, and on the 2nd instant m a haavy T" 6"««lethe vessel pooped teas and rolled rails under, filling th» decks and cabins full of wuter Off the Lauwm on the 6th instant the Amazono ran into a perfoot hurricane, in which the vessel trembled fearfully " The barque is a Bteol-built vessel, launched only a fow years ago, and, thongh she has como into port in good order, thero oro scars whioh show the kind of battle sho had with the elements on the run acrosa HAMPDEN P_IK, PADD__TOV -In consequence of the greatly improved condition of that portion of Paddington now known ns Hampden Park, it is tho wish of several of the residents in the locality to also change the names of the streets adjaoent thereto Tho matter reached thopro oincta of the local borough connell at ita meeting on Monday, when a motion waa submitted by Al- derman R "W Usher to the effeot that the various streets in the vioimty of Hampden Park should in futuro be known as Hampden Valo , and also that a signboard be ereetod at tho entrance to the park, notifying the general publio of the ohango Several of the aldermen presont could not see tho necessity of tho ohange, whilst othors could scarcely understand the meaning of tho motion itself After discussion, the motion was withdrawn A BONDI BEACH NUISANCE -During the shark nnd salmon fishing season on Bondi Beach con- siderable nuisance is caused by the carcases of the former, which aro invariably left on tho boaoh after capture until tlioy become offeusivo Tho "Wnvorley Council last year buried somo hundred« of carcases, and it is to bo hoped thal they w ill feel called upon to do something to remove the nuisant o this year Yesterday morning visitors to the beach had sounr1 reason for complaint Co_il_iPNTAiiv Pierce-A successful picnic was tendered to Mr Gee, jun , ycBterdny by the stock agents and butchers who do business at Flemington, on tho occasion of his departure to take up an important engagement in connection with the Bcrgl Australia, Limited, Meat Com- pany, Hughenden, Queensland A large and influential gathering left tho King street wharf at 4 o'clock, and after a very enjoyable trip aa far as Middle Harbour a stop was modo, and toa partaken of. Mr Graves, (of Wardon Harry Graves and Son) was chairman Ho presented to Mr Gee a beautiful gold watch Many other gentlemen spoke, eulogising Mr Gee Mr Do Qroon's band supplied the musio PUK MUBDT-EED MISSIO-UBT-Mr W S Fleming, missionary in China under tho China Inland MtBston, whose death was ropor'ed in our cabios yesterday, loft Sydnoy for the field of his labours in Fobruarv, lsfl5 Ho had been for many years nn active and earnest worker in con- nection with the Adolaido (S A ) Y M O A , and was trained for tho misson field at tho Belair Training Home, South Australia, by tho Bcv W Lockhart Morton At the completion of his training, howovor, tho way waa not opon for him togo, but with the help of Mr David "Walkor, of 8}dnev,ho gamed permission to work his passage out Ho always regarded tins as -i dis- tinct unawer to prayor Ho addressed meeting* at tho Association Koonta pr.oi to leaving, and gavo evidence of his deep earnestness and devo- tion Bo has also written several letters to Mr "Walker from China, giving an account of his labours thero Bosir Finn AT BBADLKY'S -About 1 o'clock yestorday afternoon No 0 Station (North Sydney), M F B , received a " call " to a bush fire at Bradloy's Hood The information stated that the cattle quarantine sheds and other build- ings wero in danger, and as telephonic communi- cation was interrupted, and dense volumes of smoko could bo seou rising from Bradley'», no time was lost in gelling to the scone of tho firo Tho outbreak had in tho meanwlnlu boon noticed from the forts nt Middle and George's Heads, and a detachment of 10 raeu, under Lieutenant Tailor, wns despatched horn Gcorgo's Head to the s' ena of tho conflagration ihe fire was confined to tho timber on tho Military Reservo, although it was only extinguished within a few foot of some of tho quarantine build inga On the fire hrigndo arriving on tho scene it was found that thoir stn iocs were not required, as the military hod tho firo well in hand The only damage was the destruction of eoveral acres of scrub, but thcio can be no doubt that the quarantine buildings had a very uairow escapo Bnnor,An__ AT NORTH SYEt.Ei -On Monda} afternoon a houao in ritzroy-streot, Milson's Point, was ontered, and the intruder or intruders, after carefully overhauling tho promises and scattering olothmg and other articles about the looms, managed to got away with jowclloiy valued at £30 Shortlj after the d.scovory of the first robbery somo boya noticed a man attempting to ontei a house in "Whaling-road, but as they raised nu outory he decamped ATTEMPTED SUICIDE OP A. Hoârrru FATIENI - Early yesterday morning a female patient at tbo Parramatta District Hospital made au attempt to drown herself in the fresh water portion of tho Parramatta River the woman, who had been euifonng from brain trouble, got up from her bed and ran into tho street, then down the hill and into tbo water at the dara Mi S "Whiteman met the woman as she was running down tho hill, and, turning round, bo Baw her plunge into tho water The water was not deep at tho plnoe, and Mr "Whitemuu had no difficulty m catching hold of her and lifting her out, when she was carried back to the hospital and put to bed, apparently litllo the worse for her oxpcneuoe ICiLitn HY MACHINFBY -The City Coroner (Mr J C Woore) concluded tho inquest yester day at tho Coroner's Court touching tho death of Alexander Duncan, who was killed nt Missrs Hoskms's fonndrv, Ultimo, on the 12th instant through tho wheol of nome machinery falling upon lum owing to the breamng of a shaft Ed- ward J II Broid, engineer, deposed to having inspected tho broken shaft and tho machiner) The break was a clean one, sod there wns nothing to indicate that any defect existed in tho shaft prior to brea] ago Professor "Warren (Sydnov Uim emily) Bald ho inspected tho shaft on Wed iiosdav last at the request of Messrs Hrskins and Co Ho examined it carofiillv and could discover no flaw ia tho metal In his opinion the shaft was sufficiently strong to work the maohinery, and ho could not account for tho break Tho jury returned n v erdiot of accidental death A deputation from the rïiendly Societies' Asso dutton of iNoiv South Wales will wait upon the Colonial Secretar} at li o'clock tina morning on tho Buhject of the Now friendly Societies Bill Aa the representative of Messrs JohnBou and Phillips, "Mr W W* Crawford, Consulting engineer, Pitt street, has selected u site ia Adelaide on winch w ill "bo erected hythe kouth Australian company a central clcctrio Iirrht and motivo-povvor station Iho Railway Commissioners aro advertising for un articled cloik A number of the applicants will have thoir names noted for tre " future requirements " of the service Alderman C II Austin, vvno recently rcsignod his seat for tho Bexley ft aid of tho Hurstville council, is to be replaced by Mr J Larb ti istier, who is un- opposed Considerable interest was mautlo_od ni the pro- ceedings of the Marrickville Council meeting on Monday evonini?, and there was a very lnrgo attend- ance of rat»payors 1 he reason for this was that nppbcatious had been called for the position of sanitary inspector to tho borough Over 110 appli- cations were received, und after an exhaustive pitting incominittoc till 2 o'clock on lueBdnv morn- ing Mr William Liddell, nn old loont resident, was appointed At last mail's me ting of tho Mosman council AMorniuu Mitchell asked tbo Mayor if he bad notice I lu that morning a issue of tbe " byeluoy Morning lier Ud " an article on the application cf the Build ing Act lo Wooli ihrn On tho Mayor replying that ho had read tho articlo in question Aid rintin Mit chell expressed the opinion that it would be a good thine: if steps could bo taken to have tho provisions of the Act extonttod to Mosman Die Ma) or ro inarked that auch au extension would be uot only beuoticial to the borough but also to architects, anil ho hopod that Alderman Mitchell would tublo a motion on the subject for next meeting Hie Borough of Willoughby advertises in another column that proceedings aro about to bo taken for tho recovery of all outstanding rates At Monday night a meeting of the Marrickville Council Alderman Bcouller moved,-" "1 hat the wotka committee (Alderoion Josephton and Henson; report to this council at the next meeting as to the beet way In their opinion of enlarging the Town Hall of the borough of Marrickville, and tho, approximate cost of tho same " Alderman Jnaoph son seconded tho motion, which was negatived after a long discussion Mr W H Wilks, M L A , of Dalmain North, has received a communication from tho Minister for Woika relativo to representations mado by himself, Mr S T Law, and Mr E lorry, Ms L A, regarding a more direct tram roi . vice to Balmain, to tho effect that tho neu bridges at Glebe Island and Pyrmont aro hemp constructed of suitablo dcsigus and of BiiiUcicut strength to carry a tramway A public maotinp will be hold in the Canterbury Town Hall ou Triday night next to advocate the ox tension of the Marrickville-Burwood-road 1 ulway to Livsrpool, under tho presidency of tim Mayoi, Alderman S B Wiring, J P . At the Paddington Council uieotuif on Monday evening tho local health ofücor, m reply to a qnci tion concerning the existenco of diseased meat within the borough, informed tho council that ho ha 1 practically no power under the Ilaalth Act to go luto butchera' shops for the purpose of inspecting the meat Although he had attended Dr Arm- strong'« lecture« to inspector« for the past toreo months he had not as yet received the authority of I tho Board of Hoalth to visit botchers' shops A large amount of nseful information is contained in a card issued under tho Publio Schools' Athletic Association It funiiBhes a list of tho Tarions swimming baths in and around bjdney, the travel- ling facilities for reaching them, the days and hours when available for each sex, and general instructions with ropard to the onrolment of pupils in schools offiliatcd with tho Public ¡school»' Athletic Associa- tion A acne« of moonlight Irips to Lady Robiuson's Beach is advertised by the Railway Commissioner« Dr Richard Arthur addressod a meeting ot young mon in Iho YMCA rooms last evening on ' Per Bom 1 Purity " At the close a number of those ¡noient accepte 1 the invitation to take the pledge of the White Cross Leaguo On Monday night Mr E Atkins, jan . gave an interesting lecture at the Ermington and Rydalmere Institute on his recent tnp to the Northern rivors He exhibited a number of native plants lie had col- lected Mr AtlcinB pave hi3 boorers much informa- tion in regard to tho 60gar industry The locturer was accorded a hearty voto of thank«, on the motion of the Mayor (Alderman Humphrojs) A meeting of the ladies' and gentlemen's com- mittees in connection with the forthcoming enter- tainment in nid of the BoyB' Brigade wa» held at the Hotol Australia last evoning Mrs Reynolds presided over a largo attendance It was decided that the affair take placo at tho new markets early in December Tho Newington College Military Tete will be held at tho college grounds on Priday On Monday Mr W Lawson Dash, J P , was olocted honorary stcrotary of tho New South Walo« Allianco (formerly the Local Option League) Iho election waR unauimous by the council Elsowhero Mr James Robertson publishes au announcement with regard to his candidaturo for the ofllce of citj auditor Wo aro requested to d-aw attention lo an Adver- tisement appeiruig elsewhere with regard to Messrs Younghusband and Co 'a Albury wool and produce sales Last ovening the morubors of the Wellesley Col lege Lawn Tenuis Club gave a moonlight harbour excursion iu aid of tho club funds The steamer Greyhound, which left Circular Quay a little bof oro 8 o'clock, had on board fully 200 ladies and gentle- men, who spent a very pleasaut evening steaming around the various coves of the harbour Music was providod on board, and during the ovomng, at the invitation of tho ladies, the company partooK of re- freshments Circular Quay was reached shortlv after IO o'clock The Band of the NbW Artillery Regiment will (weather permitting) perform m the Outer Domain this (Wednesday) afternoon, commencing at 3 30 Charles Tavlo-, residing at 192 Wilson-stroet, Newtown w as found by Constable Samuel Taylor, of No 4 Station, in Claronce-streot, yesterday after- noon, suffering Irom injuries to his head, caused by n fall Ho was conveyed to the Sydney Hospital by tho constable and tu o officers of tho Civil Ambulance Brigada and admitted for treatment William Livcrsodgo, 32, residing at Wilhnm-stroet, Botany \ris throw n fram a sulky he wos driving yesterday through colliding with a vnhiclo goiug in tho oj pósito direction in Botany-road, Waterloo Ho received internal injune«, whioh were caused by a wheel of the sulky passim? over his body Liver «edeenas admitted to Prince Alfred Hospital by Dr Hall Mark 1 ittersall, 27, wuilo at work at the Sydney Soup and Candle Tictory, Alexandria, yesterdn/, wns severely scalded about tim bead and bodv through n steam nipa bursliiip Dr Kater admitted him to Prince Alfred Hojpitul A mooting of the friends of tho Into Mr Elwari! Brnddick, who was killed by being thrown from ii horso at Grmivillo, was held in the Parramatta School of Arts on Mondaj ovening, when it was decided to start a subscription lait m aid of tho widow an I family of the deceased Major W J Perns, ULA, wes niipointod chnirmau of the coniiiuttco Mr W J Ai-oy, secretary and Mr C E Byrnes treasurer The lut vins Rtiitcd by a donation of £10 from tho bjdney Tient Preserving Conipau« of which company tho decoascd was an empîoyeo A aiectiug of tho Hospital Siturdnv Tumi Com millee for Ashfield was bold at the lotal town Hall on Monday afternoon Mrs T T Josophaon (Mayoress of Ashfield) presided, and there wore about 30 ladies j resent The executive submitted rules for tho puidnucn of the committee which were adopted Iho Mayoress of Ashfield, ex ofticio, is pre- sident Iho municipality is sub-dmded at prcont into eight r? ist nets mid alndy forojeh was appointed ro supervise tho work, mid to procure not less than four collectoi« each District bon secre'nncs foi Croydon au 1 Summer Hill were provided for, who, togcthei with ti o president lion socrctarj, und ladj «upcrvi-eie form an executivo committee, and meet once evory mouth Tho London and American agents of tho Cool gau io Inhibition havo cabled asking fir apostpono ment i f the opening until flay 1 next Tho A U *i V Compinj lins causen cd fötal o exhibits from Sydney to Tieio intlcj at ordinury rates, and where re laired to roturn free In the case of tho woman Mary Ann Skelton whoso death wia reported m vcsterdnys issue of tho " Herald " at Prmco Alfrod Hosp tal, caused, it was cupposed, through fish poisoning, tho City Coroner caused u post-mortem examination to be made, with a lesuft that yesterday ho decided to dispense with au inquest The result of tbo axami nation showed that the cause of death was strangu- lation of the intestines About 11 30 p la yostcrdiy a flio occuired in the shop of Mr George M'Crae, Riley aud Devonshire street! blight damage wns dona to tho contents The MTB cxtmgiushod tho fire 