JIM BURROWS' PARTNER; OR, THE "MAD TRAMP" AND . THE LOST EL DORADO. A STORrY 01' NORTH-.~.p'y CANADA. By ROBERT L. .TEFFETHSON Author oC "Gold Miniung in S!ocria, ' er. .Tim Burrows .clne into r.ulp olne I-orning uilimost ait !a run. Hl displayetl ilore .ulacrity than -any inhl.l ;tilnt had discovered in hIim siuce he lirst lanuded on tile goldliellds two years barck. He r.,adel stru:iglht for me s:aloon. shuutiu. as lie wrVlt, and the Uiggers ;llho were just then onil tlheir way to thel chius pauscutl and looked bick inqluiringly: lielitalltli-cer.lt inl theyv d hl . . ... . I not. for .lim Burrows had nver been L-nown so excited before? He shoulled and his shouts bolre an iuvit;niion which tncew no refusal. It was an invitation lwhich .liin had only given out ouce be fore. and that was two yeus. before and the inrvitation wais pl)i-i.selv siilar -it was in invitation to a drluk. "Blamlln me." said Bill Crossley. "but I xbelieve lie's struck it! But where's lis par'inler ?" "Iooking after the hclain-what do you thin'll;" said Jake Morgan. "'Struck it rich, of course he has. Don't they all behave like this when they strike it?" and they crowded into tile saloon. and .limu Ilrrows paid like the man le was. Ile aIt on the bar and told them the tale, blt lie winked aind nodded, and not a word could tiley gatlher as to vwhere it was. ie' knew it. he said, a:nd his ptulner was looking atfter it. ile latd jnst come down for tucker. and then off asgni; and when he'd got his papers, then he'd just invite the boys up and show tlihel the spot. He was lnot un grateful. not he, :uid he was just going to do the thing right and proper and square: but he was not going to have any jumping, not lhe. IHe knew his game, although he'd ouly been two years at it. and now he'd -struck it he meant to go right through. I watched .Tim Burrows interestedly for of all men who had come down to Jacksonville, lie was the la.st I expected goldlields. Somne men come in to-day and may be ileh to-morrow. The pio neers a'e the losers as a rule. :Tim Bur rows was a pioneer. He bad discovered the reglon, and like a good manly ther discoverers, was none the better for if. ie had worked as a washer for those who came after hih, and though now and again he was wont to go off on his mon account, it sceemed that luck was not to be his again, for he always re Iurnied more morose, more gloomy thal ever. Some of them pitled him, others despised him; but why the latter I could never tell, unless it is that in hu man nature there is only reverence for the prosperous and contempt for the poor. Anyway, we all drank .Tim Burrows' whisky, wished him the best of luck. en. vied him, and went off to our own claims. Days passed, and Tim was ab sent. tie had been down the river to the office, he said, when lie returned. He had got his papers, and now he would show its where it was. Up over the mountains, beyond a creek, and down in :a narrow gulch was Jim Bur rows' chtim, and a big piece he had par celled out, of a solemn truth, and ex perienced miners shook their heads and said there was no color left for anyone else. It was only a little twig of a stream, not a quarter of a mile long,and little wider than a ditch, mid Jim and his partner had been careful enough to leave only the wash for those who liked to follow. But we could not grumble, and filed lsack to the settlemenlt, a lot of us hop ing that Jim's pant would turn out all right, and a good many, with that per rersity of human nature strong in them, half hoping to see him fail. Day followed day, and .Jim and his partner, Grogan-the latter an Irishman of the most Itibernian type-were ab sent; but one day Grogan turned up with one of the longest and strangest tales we had heard for a long time. He came into tile village inquiring right and left where Jim Burrows was. Shure, and he'd left him three days pre viously, :nd never a sight of him had he seen since. Bedad, and it was too bad of him to leave hint up there working alone. Color! It was more than they could carry. Every pan was worth thirty dollars, and he suplposed Jim had gone off on a spree-bad luck to him! But .im was not in the village, nor liad anybody seen him.land Grogan was distressed. Nor did Jim appear for five days. or at all, and during those five days Grogan remained in camp, drink ing pretty heavily, and reviling his part Ier for Ihis absence. Of course, we all made various sur tmises as to the cause of Jim's disappear :ance, and all were equally plausible. There was only one thing for it, how ever, and that was pending his' return Girog:m should go on with the claim. And he did. lIe worked almost night i and day, and when the sheriff came down from the town prepared to escort the bag back, it was freely calculated that Grogan was worth a hundred thou sand dollars. a:nd the claim not yet a quarter worked out. Speculation rose as to what Ihad be rome of Jim Burrows, and it was freely Ilinted that Grogan knew more tul helie cared to tell. One night a few of us went up to the claim (stealthily, it is true), and Grogan did not know we were coting. nWe had not disturbed him, Pither, ant when we saw him lying full length before his tent, his face covered with mosquitoes, and the log lire before him playing its light on his body, we just passed by, and searched amongst tile diggings, for it had occurred to us flint we mlight tind the body of Jim Bur rows lying aronud. But we didn't, and we sneaked back to the village as mys likied as ever. 'The whole summer passed and the winter came down. Gra dially thie noise about Jim g-rew less. lIe'd fallen over the gulch, perhaps, and Imd been carried into the big river. Any way, he was not the lfirst manl who had disappeared suddenly, and, pending evi dence, thie only thiing to do was to do Inothing-which is an expression which Grogan himself might have used. I was back in England. I had failed. You only hear of tile successful gold raintcrs; you don't hear much of the failures. I had spent mny little all, and lhad returned to my native country-not withl hopes shattered,as novelists would tay, but jul-t keen on resumling my old occupation, and thinking that in that work, at any rate, there was a living, and perhaps it would be more congenial in I.ondon than with the mosquitoes of Nsorthi-Wcstern Canada and its cold. It "'s not : very ambitious programme Sthich I lhad mIpped out for myself. Cab-driving. at thie best of times, is not the sort of thing which most men would Yearn for, although the box of a han som is frequently occupied by men who Onee knew some social standing. But tihere is something about the life which hives a lillip to existence, and even when it was hard to make the yard money. I never felt quite so down as ihen I was struggling-vainly strug ling--for a sight of yellow amongst the sand of tmy digger's pan. Gradually, but all too surely, amidst ithe whirl of London life the memory of my experiences in Canada receded and became duller; but all were brought lack to me of a sudden one day, and that was when I was crawling along the Sitter of Piccadilly, eyes all around me -if such could be the case- on, the lhance of a fare. It was a 'dull, misty Sight in November; the streets were al most deserted, and I was abott flicking "I) my tired horse, so as to get to Pic lndilly Circus, when I heard the lail from a club quite close, and went to it like a shot. A tall, bearded man, well gressed, got into the cab and gave me irections to drive to Euston station. I at once whipped up, and was soon I ...t ?~Uo'Un tise side streets, bnt as ent thouht doors began to ruhon raut idl through mar head. Where had 1 seen the man inside before ?--nd k had just turned into the.Totteho sCout road, whun lke a flash it all come ipon me, a-d I knew my tare as Grogan. The is, t thing that I did was to pull up. thenext to get off the box, the third to tear open tle doorsi and to shout out: "WVhy, Grogani, don't you know nse." .1 had-l cteid him to start forward[, Seize msy h:td and shake it, ald say', here!' itisedid nothisg 6f the sort. lie sinply stared hard at me, and said: "'What in the "sine of Heaven do you inot ,rogan. (:et on to Euston!" I I wa IKocnlked back. as yasou might :>y, ror I saw I had mard 1 mitnlr o '- i,.aa"nlieifr las well as I could, got up on my box again, and in a few minutes was saying, "Tha.nk'ee" for the half crown which my fare handed me. Though it was not Grogan, yet during the rest of that night I conld think of nothing but him. It was certainly a nma.rkable likeness, anyway, and the more I thought the more vividly came back my memnorv of the times in the goldlield, and Jim Burrows and his claim, and of Grogan and his partner. Days passed, and the little incident be gan to have less interest for me. But one day, perhaps a week later. I was driving near the 3Larble Arch, when who should I see but my fare walking along towards the gate<s. I looked at him Intently, and now I felt sure that I had made no mistake. I whipped off the box, caught hold of a newspaper boy. told him to look after my horse's head. and the next molment had turned and followed tile man. I reached him in a few strides, passed lilml.faced about and looked him square. Yes. it was he-tlhere was no mistaking Ilim this time. It was Grogan, and as I looked at him I saw his face turn pa.le and his jaw drop. "Come, G(rog:ua." said I. "it's you after all. Well, I suppose that now you are a rich iman, you have forgotten your old companions of the diggings Hte gasped, and I saw him turn as if about to run. but I caught his arm and held him. ITe looked around hurriedly. "What do you want with me?" he said in thick tones. "Shure, and what do you want to talk to me about diggings for:" Ills eye ran rapidly over my cos tume, and lighted on the metal badge which dangled from lly buttonhole. "Ah. yes," he said, "I 'elemnber. You have your cab here?" I jerked my thumb over my shoulder. "'You will drive me to my club?" I nodded. "And," said he, "I will tell you all." I said no more, and in a few minutes I was driving my old companion of the mines to his club. \- "You will come inside?" said Grogan, when he had alighted. "I can't leave the cab," said I; "but" and I looked him squarely in the face "I will take it to the yard, and will joid you Il telln luluies." And I did, and in a quarter of an hour or less was Seated with Grogan in a private room, and listening to one of the most outlandish stories that ever I had heard. Groga:n started off by remind lig me of the disappearance of Jim Bur rows from the <ettlement. "And." contintlsed lie, "I know very well that some of the boys thought that I had had a. hand in his disappearance. Let me tell you straight now that there was nothing of that sort of thing. Jim was gone one morning when I woke up, and I thought that he had gone down to the village. What else could I think of? I waited two days for him, as you know, and he didn't turn up. I came down to the village, and lie wasn't there. Where was he? Nobody could tell me. I went back to the claim and I worked it. I worked it for nine months, and you left, I think,just before I did-just before I sold the property and came to England. But let me tell you what I did. I made one hundred and fifty thousand pounds out of that claim, and my first action when I got to England was to put seventy-five thou sand pounds aside." "What for?" I interrupted. "For Jim Burrows, and I will tell you whily. Because exactly one year to the very day on which Jim Burr'ows left me, I saw him come straight into my room, sit down before mre, and talk to me just as he did on the night he left me. Terrified? Shure, and I was that, for I thought it was a ghost before me. Jim spoke to mle, asked Inc about the claim, and then he spoke up, and told me that half belonged to him, and I said yes, it did. '"And you will keep it for me?' said .Tim; and I promised him I would. Promised him, I say; but it was a ghost I was speaking to. I know it was a ghost, for I could see through him; and though I heard his voice, it seemed to come to me from the air, and not from human lips. When I went over to hiss to see whether I was right or not, Jim Burrows had vanished. "Now, you will laugh at me, perhaps, and think that I have been brooding over Jim's disappearance so much that my brain has gone a bit; but exactly one year from that very night I was in Paris. I was walking down the Champs Elysees. when suddenly I found some one walking beside me, and heard a voice in my ear. It was the voice of Jim Burrows. 'You have not forgot ten," said he, "that half that cla im is .. _., I . n_ it f,,,, t r-g n-nn't mine; iou nm a.-v " you, old man?' 'I will keep it for you,' I said; and then we got into .1 crowd, and I saw no more of lim. That very night, when I got home, I drew out my cheque-book, and I wrote out a cheque, payable to the order of .Tames Burrows, for seventy-five thousand pounds, and, see here;" and Grogau pulled out his pocket-hook and extracted from it a slip of paper, which he handed to me. It was a cheque made payable to the order of James Burrows for the sum of seventy-five thousand pounds. "When he will come for it. God knows. I lhave tried every means in my power to find out something about him, who his people are, but I can't. Over in Canada, every commissioner, every sheriff on the diggings has got my ad dress, and if Jim Burrows comes back well, there's his money." This was, indeed, a peculiar tale, but more was to follow; and here I put it on record that Grogan acted towards me like the gentleman I did not think he was. Seventy-five thousand pounds is not a heap of money in these days of millionaires; but Grogan had invested his well, and was in business, and I throw up my cabbing and went in with him, and I changed my opinion of him right away. About six months passed, and the month of .Tune arrived. Grogan came into the office on the morning of the sixth day, and asked me to follow him. I went into his private room, and we sat down. The door was closed, and then Grogan spoke: "Do yob know what the oth of Tune is?" asked he. "The 6th of June," I replied. "And do you know what the 6th of June was four years ago?"' I pondered for an moment, and then re membered. "Yes, the day when Tim Burrows dis appeared." "That's why I have called yon in," said he, "because I feel as certain as I am sitting here that - There was a knock at the door, and in answer to the peremptory "Come in," a clerk appeared. "A gentleman to see you, sir." "I am too busy to see any one," said Grogan. "But stay--who is he?" "He will not give his name, sir. He wants to see you on private business." Grogan looked up, and his gaze was fixed on me. "Can it be?" he muttered and then turning to the clerk, said, in a loud voice, "Show him in;" and the next moment there walked into our presence Jim Burrows in the flesh - no ghost; and as he came I saw no shiver or start on the face of Grogman, I simply saw tl ou u als Pocket-book, extract the cheque, and while Jim Burrows was holding out his hand and saying, "Shale, old "lprdner," Grogan shook his hand, and between them they clasped a cheque for seventy - Jive tbousan:l pounds. "What's this?'" said .Tim. "Your share of the claim. .Tim." h"'lat! the cltlm up in Canada?" "res--seventy-five thousand pounds. e cleared a hundred and fifty thou sand out of it. We went in partners, and there is your share." Jim looked bewildered, and ran his fingers through his hair. "I don't understand," he said, "what it all means. I deserted you because do you know why, Grogan?-- I found-a claim better thun ours, and I went up over the hills to work it. I deserted you because I had found another El Dorado, and I didn't want you to share in It; but I went there without food,. and though I worked and worked, what could the color bring me? Only the siht of wea'lth. but not a speck of food. For three days I worked like a madman, digging out great nuggets of the stuff and lying them around. Then I really went mad - mad with hunger, and I wandered off south trying to find you trying to find the village; and I remem ber no more until a few weeks aco. wu en I found myself in a madhouse in San Francisco, and they told me that I was known as the mad tramp, who had walked all over the States, and who b had come to San Francisco. "They locked me up, and there I re mained all those years, until my reason came back and I remembered all. What did I do? Straight back to Canada I went, to find our old village deserted, the claims exhausted, everybody gone. Then I thought of the El Dorado I had discovered, and which I had deserted you for. I got up a caravan and went to search for it, and though I searched for it day in and day ott I could not get a sight of it. for I had forgotten where it was. And I came south again, and as luck would have it. I came on a mining camp, and they told me all about you and where I should find you. I' ca.me straight here to ask your forgive ness for deserting you as I did, and this-this"-he looked at the cheque, aqd I saw his eyes were swimming with tealr-"this is what you do!"-"Weekly Budget." 