ENGLISH LITERARY. .NOTES. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, December 17, lby/.f To all who care for the literature ot toe Indian Mutiny Captain Trotter's, "Life of John Nicholson," just published by Murray, will come as a great boon. Everybody who knows anything about the history of that thrilling period has of course heard the out lines of this magnificent man's career. We meet him in every narrative touching even re motely the siege" of Delhi, and Anglo-Indian novelists, from Sir George Ohesney to Mrs. Steele and Henry Seton Merriman, have again and again been attracted to try and draw his fascinating personality. But here in Trotter's "Life" we at last know the real man, the genuine hero with all his faults and virtues. And the impression borne in upon one is that this splendid iron willed and able-bodied soldier was put' into the world for the mutiny just as he was taken from it directly the _ supreme crisis had passed. Amongst Nicholson's warmest admirers was Lord Roberts, from whom come some of the most characteristic yarns of the man.\ Here for example is a striking instance of Nicholson's effective methods with natives during the mutiny:— "The faithful Rajah of Karpurthalla had placed in Jalandhar a body of his own troop3 to protect'the station and discharge the duties formerly roserved for our sepoys. As Com missioner of the province jEdwardes's_old com rade Major Edward Lake desired to pay a befitting compliment to the rajah's officers and sirdars. At his request Nicholson consented to meet them at a durbar in Lake's house. Lord Roberts, who was present as one of Nicholson's staff, shall tell us what happened at the close of the ceremony:—'General Mehtab Singh, a near relative of the rajah, took his leave, and, as the senior in rank at the durbar, was walking out of the room first when I ohserved Nicholson stalk to the door, put himself in front of Mehtab Singh, and waving, him .back .with- an' authori tative air, prevented him from leaving the room. The rest of the company then passed out; and when they had gone Nicholson said to Lake, "Do you see that General Mehtab Singh has his shoes on?" Lake replied that he had noticed the fact, but tried to excuse it. Nicholson, however, , speaking in Hindustani, said—"There is no possible excuse for such an act of gross im pertinence. Mehtab Singh knows perfectly well that he would nob venture to step on his own father's carpet save barefooted, and he has only committed thi3 breach of etiquette to-day because he thinks we are not in a position to resent the insult, and ■ that he can tieat us 11s he would not have dared to do a month ago." Mehtab Smgh looked extremely foolish and stammered out some kind of apology, but Nicholson was not to be appeased and continued—"If I were the last Englishman left in Jelandhar you (ad dressing Mehtab Singh) should not come into my room with your shoes on." Then, politely turning to Lake, he added—" I hope the Com missioner will now allow me to order you to take your shoes off and carry them out in your | own hands, so that your followers may witness your discomfiture." Mehtab Singh, completely cowed, meekly did as he was told. Although in the kindness of his heart Lake had at first endeavored to smooth matters away he knew the natives well, and he readily admitted the wisdom of Nicholson's action. Indeed Nicholson's uncompromising bearing on this occasion proved a great help to Lake, for it had the best possible effect upon the Kapurthalla people—their_ manuer at' once changed, all disrespect vanished, there was no more swaggering nbout as if they considered themselves masters of the situation.' There is »_ famous forced march (which I have not time to tell) when Nicholson went in pursuit of a rebel regiment. It was a inarch of 41 miles, and ■ it was covered in less than 20 hours. And here is one of the episodes:— ! 'During the hottest part of the afternoon a halt was sounded beside a grove of trees in order that our overworn soldiers might snatch an hour's rest beneath its cool shade. Nichol son, eager to press on, had taken this step with manifest reluctance. One of his officers, on awaking from his brief slumber, enquired for the general, hut could not find him among the sleepers. At last he saw Nicholson in the middle of the hot dusty road sitting bolt up right on his horse in the full glare of that July sun, waiting like a sentinel turned to stone, for the moment when his men should resume their march.'" "The Journals of Walter White" does not somehow sound an exciting title, but those who persevere with this rather ponderous tome will tind much therein to reward them. Mr, White was assistant-secretary to the Royal Society for more than 50 years, and knew every literary and scientific celebrity of his time. He seems to have been a capital gossip, and his diaries brim with stories good, bad, and indifferent. For instance, under laid I chanced to drop upon a novel and interesting tit-bit of " Diekensiana" attri buted to George Lovejoy, the notable Read ing bookseller:—"C. Lovejoy bears from Charles Tilt that Dickens's 'Pickwick' was not at first popular. The work had been offered to various publishers, and Chapman and Hall were not over-pleased with their bargain. Tilt sold 1,200 of No. 6, and the publishers sent to Dickens a cheque for £30. over and above the £8 per sheet agreed on. He acknowledged it. For No. 7 they sent him an extra cheque for £60, which he did not acknowledge. For No. 8 a. cheque for £100, which be returned. They altered the one into four, and then the author kept it. Altogether' he received for Pickwick £1,200 more than was stipulated for." Side by side jvith this may bo placed this description of Thackeray (1859):—" Whilo_ in Chap man's counting-house was introduced to Thackeray, who happened to come in. Had heard so often that ho was ugly that I was agreeably surprised to find him otherwise, he has a lively eye, fresh color, and an appearance of old youth of youthful age. In reply to a remark of F. Chapman's he said that if he had a rich uncle he should strangle him. Then F.C.—'"Sou say that who can write such books ; why if I could write such books as •yours I wouldn't envy even Rothschild.'" Uf Carlyle we get several glimpses, especially in the report of a long conversation between him and Charles Kingsley. Of Mrs. Carlyle we have this characteristic touch (1859):— "Read a letter from Mrs. Carlyle, dated Aber deen,-says she has all that is essential to happi ness, exeept the faculty of being happy." Rudyard Kipling has a ballad and a story in the/Christmas numbers. The latter, "The Tomb of His Ancestors," is a capital yarn in this writer's finest Indian vein and forms the chief attraction of a leviathan double number of Pearson's Monthly. The ballad I don't care for so much. It deals 'with the hunger of youth for adventures and is called "The Feet of the Young Men." The refrain runs:— Hejmust go—go—go away from here. On the other side the world he's overdue. 'Send your road is clear, before you when the old Spring fret comes o'er you, And the Bed Gods call for you ! The best verse is the one describing a youth's reckless joy in sailing a tishing smack on racing northern seas. It makes one almost taste the keen, crisp, briny breeze. Do you know the shallow Baltic where the seas are <iuiclc and short, Where the bluff. Ice-boarded fishing luggers ride? Do you know the joy of threshing leagues to leeward ' of your port On a coast you've lost the chart of over side ? It is there that I am going, with an extra hand to bale her— Just one single 'long-shore loafer that I know. He can take his chance of drowning, while 1 sail and sail and sail her, For the Bed Gods call me out and I must go. But good as this sort of verse is of its kind, let us not forget that Kipling can do far greater things. In the poem par excellence of Jubilee year, "The Recessional" (just republished in "Literature"), he gave us a hymn which crystallises in_ five_ verses feelings and senti ments that in different ways have passed through the mind and heart of every religious, right-feeling, and patriotic Briton. When I read them again in "Literature" ("tThe Recessional" originally appeared in the Times of July 17) they struck afresh a ohord of keenest satisfaetion. This, I thought, is what you want a poet laureate for. Many sermons were preached on the lessons of the Jubilee, but none went home more completely f.Virtn fh'io "Ponoccinn-il" toikh ifrc nornnoh than this "Recessional" with its earnest virile prayer— Lord God of Hosts, be with us yet Lest we forgetr-lest we forget The New Review, like the National Observer, has come to grief, and W. E. Henley once again retires into private live. He stands out as a striking instance of the truth that no clique, however august and seemingly power ful, can make a man if the public won't have him. Th? jVipw Seyiew failed for many of the reasons which financially damned the National Observer. Both were brilliantly clever, but, like George Mere dith, Whistler, and Gissing, the average individual couldn't live up to them. In short they were "caviare to the general." Like all minor poets steadily ascending the ladder of fame, William Watson _ is victim equally of too gushing friends and ridiculously malignant detractors. Both havej vulgarly speaking, " written themselves silly" over the slim booklet of verse entitled " The hope of the world," just published by John Lane. I have read it, and I must say I see no cause to use superlatives one way or the other. Re membering what Watson has achieved in the past we naturally expect a good deal, from him. He ranks of course males above such bardlets as usually^ find sanctuary at the Bodley Head. Still I think encomiums like "the genius of impassioned wit" and "the poet epigrammist" decidedly over strained. The volume, to be quite prosaic, contains the pieces, some finely wrought, some obviously fugitive, which William Watson has contributed to magazines and papers during the last few months. Incomparably the finest, I think, is " The Unknown God," which was much discussed on its first appearance some time ago. It take3 its- key-note from that utterance of pure pantheism among the newly discovered "Sayings of Jesus" which has so potently thrilled the imagination of the world. The poet rejects— A God whose ghost, in arch and aisle, Yet haunts his temple—and his tomb; But follows in a little while Odin and Zeus to equal doom ; A God of kindred seed and line; - Man's giant Bhadow, hailed divine. O streaming worlds, 0 crowded sky, O Life, and mine own soul's abyss, ' - • Myself am scarce so small that I Should bow to Deity like this! Thismj Begatter? This was what Han in his violentyouth begot. The God I know of I shall ne'er Know, though he dwells exceeding nigh ; liaise thou the stone and fmtl vie there, Cleave thou the wood and there ami. Yea, in my flesh his spirit doth flow, Too near, too far, for iiie to know. Unmeet to be profaned by praise .. Is he whose coils the world enfold j The God on whom I ever gaze, - The God I never once behold. Above the cloud, beneatli the clod, ' The Unknown God, the Unknown God. An Australian friend asks me to dot . down 12 miscellaneous readable books published in 1807 which he and his family can take. up country and peruse at leisure without (they confess to average intellects) being bored:—: Biography — Tennyson. Travel — Hansen's "Farthest North." Hovels—"In Kedar's Tents," "At the Gross Roads." Romances —"St. Ives," "Chevalier D'Auriac." Boys' books — " Captains Courageous," "Leeds that Won the Empire." Serious —Watson's "Potter's Wheel." Children — "Adventures in Toyland," "Here They Are." Picture-book—" The Three Bold Babes." Those of your readers who wish to get a correct idea of the late Duchess of Teck may be referred to an admirable appreciation in the December Contemporary by Lady Jeune. Few ladies outside the royal", family knew H.R.H. better than Sir Francis Jeune's popular and philanthropic wife. The duchess ana her ladyship shared the responsibilities of countless good works and the latter .was one of the few who when- necessary rebelled against Princess Mary's autocratic will. Lady Jeune sums up _ her appreciation of the duchess"# character in these jndioious sentences:—"Sho had the greatest gift vouchsafed to any one, and that was that for nearly all her life she had a good sound constitution and great physical strength and these gave her the elasticity of spirit which made her so charming a companion and enabled her to undertake work which would have been im possible for a delicate woman to carry our. She was not perfect—no one would say she was—but sho had qualities which, as we have before pointed out, would-have made her a remarkable personage in any rank'm life.: She had a quick impulsive nature and temper which always accompany a character like hers, and, she felt and spoke strongly when'her feeling3 were roused, but she had great power, self control and patience, and she never forgot that she was a princess, with all the responsi bilities and obligations which, that position entailed. Her command of her temper, often under great provocation, was admirable, and she was devoid of all the small feelings of jealousy which so often mar and ruin la woman's career. She was in truth a busy woman—her life was too full to permit the small worries which so often cause unhappi ness to disturb her. She was not methodical, or very punctual, or accustomed to an orderly partition of her time, but she had a memory, which neverdeserted her, and was always able to remember where' she placed things, and she never allowed, in spite of her many and varied, engagements, any appointment she made to overlap or clash." _ " j Here are a few hints anent coming good, things:—George Gissing's next novel will deal with the lives of "commercials," and is to be called "The Town Traveller," The new editor of "To-Day" has not so far improved on Jerome K. Jerome. It anything, indeed, the periodical reads duller than it did before. Pett Ridge's new story "Mord Emily" is to appear therein. Stanley "VVeyman supplies, the serial for "Cornhill" next year, and W. E, Norris does one for " Temple Bar." Let us pray i[the latter may be an improvement on "Marrietta's Marriage." A correspondent of the Daily Mail learns that when Mr. Oscar Wilde was in London last week he made arrangements with a pub lishing house, which is also interested in a New York paper, for the appearance of his new poem entitled, "A Ballad of Reading Jail: by 033." , His Grace of Osmonds" fulfils the accepted theory concerning sequels in that it is much inferior to "A Lady of Quality." Clorinda "Wildairs was a daringly original character, superbly conceived, and most artistically carried' out. The Dulce of Osmonde, for all his mascu line perfections, doesn't ring real. He is too good to be true. Such a hero couldn't have existed in the eighteenth century. Instead of being popular he would have been cried down for an intolerable prig. The moment we like him best is when he fights Sir John Oxon and almost—but not quite—loses his temper. Mm. Hodgson Burnett couldn't write a book which wasn't clever, and you will all of course read "His Grace of Osmonde." It fills up many cracks in the history of'Clorinda Wildairs. But in the list of its author's works this one won't rank high. ■ ' : /■ Stephen Crane was at the National Liberal Club on Saturday with Harold Frederic, who introduced him to Louis Becke, Pritchard : Morgan, and one or two other members. The author of "The Bed Badge of Courage" is'a slim, sallow, little American, with a drooping moustache which appeared to me to conceal a set sneer. Whether he can talk or not I don't know, as Frederic and Becke kept up an ex change of life's littlest ironies into which' the rest of us dared not penetrate. Personally I ' felt a peculiar interest in young Crape,- having reviewed his life's work when he was given : out as dead a year ago. One doesn't often come across a man whose obituary notice one has written. 