' The Australian Debbil debbil.' A GHOST STORY. It was during a lambmarking season that iny first and last experience at.d ac'.ual coutact with a ghostly visitor was made. If I Jive until A B. 2000 1 shall uot forget it. We were doing the rounds on a 1 lg I o'.d ng, where it was usual to breed fn m 50,000 ewes. I was overseer, and always did the work from* allying ennp. The winter floods h id b:en sevtie, aid (he wateis were still well out on tLe run, bo the young stock ha 1 to he marked where we found them, as it was impossible to drive them to the regular yards. The paddocks Icoked more like a lot of islands than anything I could name. Calico strips were used for yard making, as iu many parts of the run timber was scarce, and the ground was too boggy to permit anything being carted. Our tents, goofs, and chattels were carried in pickhorsfs, and the latter we had to tie up at night in order to be sure of them. We had been out a fortnight, and had got about half through the work. There were 13 of us in the camp, viz , one cu'ter, two age and err markers, cne tail docker, eigLt catchers, uud the cook. As it was getting late in the year for marking we were eaily birds at work, aDd did not want any rockiDg to send us off to sleep when we turned in at night. It was on a Friday night after a very trying day, We having marked in no less than seven makeshift yards. We had a big yard full of ewes and iambs, and I found it necessary to arrange a watch for them. The moon was at its full, aud the wind simply howled through the pine forest in which we were camped. I had rigged up a patent alarm. It was an old oil drum filled with sand, into which I had punched a hole, and had timed it to empty at midnight, which was my time to go on watch. The drum was placed on a camp table to empty on to a sheet of galvanised iron, so that when empty the end of the sheet of iron would overbalance with the weight of sand and upset the drum on to a tin dieb, under which I had placed three pannikinB to keep it off the ground, so that when sti uck it would make lots of noise. We turned in early, ind were as sound asleep as the dead when ? over she went. My chum Bob (who was camped in tbe same tent with me) aud I awoke at the same time, and saw the most hideous figure imnginable sitting whore the drum had been, grinniog hoirrbly. Neither of us. is at all nervous, having lived in the wilds of tbe bush tco loDg for that sort of thing, but there was no getting away from the fact that the figure was there. For a moment or so I thought it must be a. dream, the after effects of an ingar (crayfish) salad I had been veiy attentive to at supper. Boh soon dispelled that idea, by exclaiming. Well, I'm ? , what the EmokB is it?' Bob's ? was ' determined.' This explana tion is necessary, as Le was always particular about his language, and never stooped to any thing small. We tossed up to see which should tackle it, ani as he was ever so much the stronger I lost. So putting on a bold front and cc eking a stiff upper lip I walked up to it and put my hand ouits shoulder. Y- u may perhaps be able to imagine my feelings, for I found my arm went right through the figure. When Bob saw this he whipped me up over the shoulder and carried me out of the tent. We awoke the camp and told them our experi ences. I xm not easily beaten, so was puzzling my brain to suggest a cause for this fearful visita tion. The whole of the camp hands lookid in at the figure from a respectable distance, aud it was if anything more hideouB than before. To say that the majority of the hands were scared would hut mildly es press it. The cook and five others cleared out into the bush just as they were, and did not Etop until they reached the home stead, which was several tries away. Besides, the distance they travelled they must have had some long swims, as there were two creeks to cross, as well as many big holts which had been filled by the floods. Three of the others fainted (they were aboriginal youths), and remained dead to the world for a. long time, with the exception of Ecreammg out at odd intervals, ' The debbil-debbil.' The balance of the camp managed to keep their right ends up, and had no end of a time, as two of the fainted took it into their heads to develop fearful fits. We got tl em pretty quiet towards morning. It was our first night in that enmp, and seemed like a week. Next day, or rather later in tbe day, we tracked the missing men, ard persuaded them to re turn to the camp. Everything was as it had been, and nothing unusual appeared that day. When night came we all watched, but nothing strange happened until 12.30 a.m., when the apparitiou b'sgan to gradually appear, assuming the same position as ou the first occasion. The feet and legs appeared first, then gradually the wholq figure, which bad the same wild giiu on its face. The eyes simply gleamed. Boh and I weut in to the lent together, although the others imploted us not to interfere with anything so unearthly looking. However, we were determined to try . to un ravel the mystery. When going in I by chance looked back, an 1 saw tLat the moon was shining in a. dead line with a standing tree (which had been burnt through in patches) and oui tent, which was lined with durk green baize. The apparition was formed by the moonlight shining through these patches. They made a perfectly weird aud hideous shadowgraph. I pointed out what waa to be seen to Bob, and we called all hands in and showed np the mystery. The cook prepared us a very good siipperj which was much appreciated. We were all greatly amused at the ' sell,' and after much hearty laughter turned in between our blankets, and slept soundly uutil pretty late in the forenoon. I left the tent standing just as it was, to enable a lot of the district people to si e the ' gho3t ' for themselves. Many of cur friends availed themselves of the opportunity of visiting cur late camp during that moon. OLD JACKAROO. 