CHAPTER Y. Tee Mjdshimiax's Adyice. HE years passed, and one day my birthday arriTed, and made me thir teen. My father had consulted a mids hipman •whose friends lived at Bonville, and he had told him that thir teen was just the age for a boy to start in the sea life. He was asked to dinner in consequence of this reply, and I met him flesh to flesh for the first time, though I had often viewed him afar, and gazed at his uniform with envy and admiration. After dinner the midshipman honoured me with an invitation to accompany him in a stroll upon the pier, and he offered to talk to me about the sea. My father and mother were very grateful, and I was extremely proud. I would have sooner been seen in the company of that or any other midshipman in buttons and badge, than .arm-in-arm with a prince of the blood royal, if dressed in plain clothes and a landsman. He talked to me ahont the beef and pork which the sailors eat. ' ' No man knows what beast of the field the beef was, when it was created, and how long it had been extinct; and the pork is a greater wonder even than the beef, be cause it is not real pig, such as people eat ashore, but an animal that was originally discovered by shipowners, and herded by them in South American plains expressly for sailors' use.' Hel t-i j f whint, told me of pieces of ship's biscuit which he had, with his own eyes, seen moving upon the table upon the legs of the maggots it contained. I enjoyed my stroll with this mid shipman, and was very proud of myself. Wc stood on the edge of the quay, and he made me observe the difference be tween the. brigantine and the brig, the lugger and the schooner. I asked him if he knew the compass; and he at once boxed it for me, both backwards and forwards, much to my delight and astonishment at his powerful memory. In about a fortnight after this my father took me with him to London. In those days there were no steamers from Bouville to the opposite coast, and we had to travel by the diligence, a distance of fifty or sixty miles, to reach a port which would provide us with steam. "We -broke the journey at a small, ancient town, and next day before noon wc arrived at the seaport. A steamer was sailing that night for London Bridge, and we made haste to secure a passage. "We were at liberty to embark in the afternoon, and did so, and at six o'clock wc were drinking tea with the master of the vessel in the saloon, a hearty, well-fed man of a rich, red complexion, dressed in a cap with a gold.band round it, and a coat with brass buttons. I had never before seen such a steamer, and, going on deck, stood staring up at the very tall funnel with the utmost amazement. I leaned over the side to count the paddles, then I wandered up to a hatch covered with brass wire, through which I peered, and saw an immense arm of metal buried in the gloom, and I managed to make out something that resembled a grasshopper of giant size waiting for the order to hop. The tide did not serve until eight; the .captain mounted the bridge and the ship began to move, and a very large crowd grew excited and ran with ns along the quayside. Steam was still very young, so that a paddle-boat should have been viewed with admiration and wonder is not strange. She would astonish us even in this age of the ocean-liner and the gorgeous interior. It was a dark, hut a clear night, and there was a half-moon somewhere in the sky. I watched the lights along the harbour, slide past, and then the pier lights went astern, and next moment the steamer was bowing the sea with a sullen roar of foam forward, whilst the creaming race of her paddles ran into a wake as long as the Milky- "Way. Thick coils of smoke spangled with the golden gems of the furnace blew from the chimney, and the wind carried [them in a thunder-cloud down upon the sea. It was- wonderful! . I gazed up I and I gazed round, hut, unfortunately, my father began to feel, sea-sick and cold. '"Why can't I remain on deck?' said I. ' I don't feel sick, and when I'm a sailor I shall be forced to keep on deck.' This was an original view, and struck him. Muttering ' Very well; you know our cabin,' he made a rush to the com panion-way, and I heard him hollowing through the skylight, a frame of which lay open, for the steward. I walked about the deck and managed to keep my feet. A number of people lay about the fore-deck in wideawakeB and cloaks, helplessly sea-sick. Every now and again a stoop of the bow cooled the poor beggars with half a bucket of brine, but they were past caring. Come death! Come damnation! It was all one, and their groans were hideous. They were Frenchmen, and it is impos sible not to sympathise with Mi-. Thackeray's contempt of Frenchmen as sailors. "Whilst I was looking the captain ap proached, and observing me, called me to him. My father, when we drank tea with the old gentleman, had told him I was going to, be a merchant sailor, and this, I suppose, made him take an interest in me. ' Would you like to step on the bridge, yonng fellow-my-lad?' said he. ' I should, indeed, sir,' I answered. ' Then come along,' end at once we mounted the ladder. I immediately supposed the weather had changed, and that it had come on to blow a gale at the very instant ef our setting foot on the bridge. What I felt was the strong breeze made by the ship's own progress, and this, hacked by the wind that was blowing, excited me as greatly as if our paddles had rolled us into a heavy storm. Here now was I, taking a view of the sea at night from the height of the bridge of a vessel that was steaming through the water at about twelve knots. The captain allowed me to remain on the bridge half an hour; and talked to me as if I had been a man; he then advised me to go below and turn in. . Wo arrived at four o'clock in the afternoon at London bridge. A dingy haze in the river delayed us; it did more, it shrouded and obscured: the view | all the way from Gravesend. Of what followed I have no clear recollection, owing probably to the fog. The first" thing I did was to lose my father, and as I had no money in my pocket, and no address to drive to, I was in a state of terror, and ran about amongst men in tall hats and linen coats,- and amongst foreigners who could not speak our tongue and shook their fists at people who could. It is impos sible to describe the character of the crowd (the whole pervaded by a curious smell of dried fish and stale beer), through whose legs and under whose arms I darted in my terrified hunt for my father; till all at once I saw. him standing at the door of a cab with our portmanteaux on the top, and in a few minutes we were rumbling on our way to a hotel in the city. I shall always be of opinion that the little, old-fashioned hotel in fhe city was amazingly more comfortable in respect of foal, service, and lodging than the huge buildings in which we wander, like the living dead after the resurrection who roamed about search ing for their friends. I remember a cosy dining-room, plenty of old oak richly flushed, a chimney-piece which might have framed Henry YIII.'s burly figure when he warmed himself, a few small tables prepared for the meal, a gleam of silver and cutlery. It was pleasant to draw to a fire after sit ting in that cab of damp straw. Hover before did I enjoy a meal so much as that plain dinner of fried sole,. English roast beef, and cauliflower. My father ordered some port, and said to me quietly, when the waiter was not listening, that it was very fine wine, full of body. I drank gingerbeer. Hcxt morning 1 after breakfast we went to I.imehouse, where were situated the offices of the owner in whose em ploy my father had determined to enter me as a midshipman. I do not propose to .introduce the reader to the shipowner whose offices were at Limehouse, nor will I ask him to accompany me on my first,. second, and third voyages. The romance of my youth did not begin till 1 had started on my fourth voyage. I was then third mate, and my ago was about twenty. By this time my father and mother, having grown weary of Bouville, had taken a house at Hammersmith, and were in good health, and happy, and seemed to enjoy the change from Erenoh habits and fashions to the customs and victuals they had been born into, My ship was the Glcndower, a full-rigged ship of 1,320 tons register. Owing to a chill I was unable to join her in the East India Docks, and wrote to the office that I was ill; hut should I be better would go to Plymouth, and there catch the ship. I sent my chest to the vessel before she left the Thames. I recovered as I expected, bade. father and mother goodbye, jumped into a cab with a small bag, and was driven to the terminus of the Great Western Bailway at Paddington. I was too soon. A row of carriages stood beside the platform, but no loco motive was attached. Some drunken navy sailors were arguing on a bench A few people moved about, or stood beside their baggage. I selected a carriage, put my bag on the seat to secure it, lighted a pipe, and walked up and down the platform waiting for the train to start. Much about this time two people came along followed by a manservant, who carried1 a shawl or two and a lady's portmanteau. . .One of the two was' an elderly man, rather rough in appear ance; he was bronzed, bruised, and wrinkled with what I guessed had been a long but a successful struggle for life in the colonies. The other was a young lady. As I stood opposite my carriage they approached, looking into the several compartments as they walked, and I obtained without impertinently staring a very good view of the girL She interested me in an instant, and I could not imagine why. It was. not her beauty; fair indeed she was. A sweeter face no man ever fell in love withher hair a delicate pale auburn, eyes dark violet and thoughtful, cheeks colourless. What was it ? She looked at me once, but not again. Her attire was some dark stuff, but I don't think it was mourning. They passed down the length of a few more carriages, then came back. '■ I remained standing opposite the compartment I bad chosen. "Whilst they walked the rough-looking gentle man gazed at me fixedly. He stopped and said gruffly, but quite politely: 'Begpardon, butyou-firc a sailor?' 'I am,' I said. 'Bound to Plymouth, sir?' ' That's my port.' . ' What ship, sir ?' ' The Glcndower,'-1 answered. 'I had no doubt of it,' he exclaimed. ' I remember your face. ' I came on board your ship the Glendower at Sydney, and asked you some questions.' . I did not recollect -the circum stance; so merely bowed. • ' "' What post do , you occupy ?' he asked; and now I noticed that the girl observed me steadfastly. 'I am third mate;' I answered; 'which means no more than mid shipman.' - 'My niece,' said he, 'is going to Sydney to her aunt by your ship. I am unable to see her safe on board. Do you know if there arc any of, the Glen dower's passengers joining her by this train?' I was unable to tell him. More people had come draining in, and the platform was fairly populous. But nobody looked as if ho was going to Aus tralia. The young lady flushing up. exclaimed: 'Is your name Longmore?' ' It is,'"said I; and then even as I looked I saw before me that strange and .beautiful phantom of the pond, whoso expression had been neither glad nor sorrowful. - ' Is it possible,' said. I, ' that you ave the Belle Stuart I played horses with ?* ' I am indeed,' she answered, ' and I believe I knew you when I first saw you.' ' Is this the gentleman who saw your gliost, Belle ?' asked the rough-looking gentleman. She smiled, with plenty of colour left. ■ . . " ' A queer yarn—a little fantastical; Belle does not forget it,' said he. ' This is a fortunate meeting.: I shall feel easy whilst- thinking of my niece as under, the care of an officer of-the ship, and an old playfellow.. John; put Wigs Stuart's wraps and bag in.' ' I am delighted to think fw „ • gomgout as a passenger,' Jd /0,Ua,B'-: ag into her charming fece ' ^ awoke many memories, though I »!" young when that incident occurred that it had 1,^ emotional impression whafaw 00 when the *dn7' 80 ttsi «nk tea I had forgotten that T\ U been asked. ™st sit0 had • ^great locomotive banged into th, grateful for any^ct, 'of si bt> £L£-*-VifSg::. windows. We took our seats J ■ Kiss Stuart had tenderly kissed tl™ rough- looking gentleman ; 7nf 7 ^11 b'ped his whistle; the book stalls and the refreshment-roois slid«J past; it was the broad anw l' l swift, delightful as railway trayelKn can ever be, and presentl/^ ng: clear of the station, ourselves the Pnl°: occupants of the compartment. ^. fa?f t^at 1 retained a verv perfect recollection of tho features^ the phantom, and in the girl sitLp ' opposite to mo I beheld thfimS tion of my brain, that vision of myX. eye, clothed in the grace and sweetness £ ™?^ood, somewhat tall,'■ a most beautiful figure, an expression of l ea as captivating as some handsome gem of - poetry. She asked after my fsther J mother, and I inquired after her mother and she answered that she had died' eighteen months ago. She was got™ . out to Sydney to live with an Lt' The only relative she had in England was the gentleman who had. seen her ■ Qeor«e Stubbs was her nncls •; and a widower and strongly approved <her Irving with her nntmtU a7 ; She said; 'Tour people mn'st hare thought my poor mother Terr rude I reminded her that I was to'drink'te* with yon, hut she would not hear of it—would not even call at vourhou^a "H". a°d 08 snon as possible left Bbu- ' Vile. She w^ indeed more terrified than you would believe.' baps?'C WaS a suPer5titious per . ' She was a spiritualist, and believed; in ghosts and visions, but, strange to say, was afraid of those who saw them. lou saw them, and she woe afraid of you.' . 'I only saw one,' said I;- «J can never hope to explain-it. It was you shaped in moonlight, and when I fell . into the water the same face came close to mine. I have seldom thought of it since. • • I have thought of it over and over- ' again, said she. ' It was like believing I was dead, and that you had seen jny • sprnt. Your parents will think mother acted very rudely,' she repeated. But she got some extraordinary notion about'; * you into her head, and we left the.' town, she exclaimed laughing, 'as nurnedly as if we had been in debt.' «. SaT *bct she knew the character of the notion that had entered her mother's head about me; in fact her looks be trayed her, but I asked no questions, and we fell into other courses of talk. I related for her entertainment a few of my sea experiences and told her how f had run away from school. Her own «fo had been uneventful; they had lived in Leamington, and then in hondon, where her mother had died. She told me that her mother was always talking of returning to the colony, bat . she delayed it year after year, andjthen. it was too late." " * ~ - fro ie ooimsvzD itext vbkx. j 