THE BLACK SHIP. A .MY.STJ-M :Y OF THE S.EA. ; :r Ci I ARLKS 13\. LEWIS. • •What- was known in nisirine circles as ‘'Tin; lilac!; Ship Mystery!’ covered a spaee of a yes\r in the last year of the fifties. If there was. any honor in first sighting- the black ship, it goes to the brig Sea Gull, bound from Boston to Liverpool. I was second mate of the brig on that voyage, and on the night of April liOth, 1S5D, we were lying almost becalmed in mid ocean. There was no air along the decks, but a draught aloft kept steerage way on the craft. At midnight when I came on deck to re lieve the chief mate the moon was shin ing so brightly that fit was almost like day. There was no change of weather to look out for, and a more quiet night at sea could not be imagined. I had been pacing the deck .for half an hour or more when I suddenly caught sight of a vessel coming down on our windward quanter. The stranger seem ed- to haye stolen out of some; fog hank or cloud of mist, and yet the atmosphere was clear as a bell. As I stood rubbing my-eyes the man at the wheel caught sight of the craft and called iny atten tion, and. just then she luffed sharp up and took a course parallel with ours. \- I ran for the glass and levelled it at her, and as? she was not above two cable lengths away. I had every detail as plain as if 1 stood on her rail. She was a small, full-rigged ship, and anything about her which would bear a coat of . black was painted that color. This ap plied even to her masts. The hull was a much finer model than ours, but there was a slovenly look aloft, and her sails were not well set. To .my amazement I could see only one person on her deck —the man at the wheel. There was no ollicer, no look-out. no sailors looking at us over the rail. It was about ten minutes after the stranger came down upon us before I called Captain Craw ford. He took the glass from my hand and gave her a looking over, and there was a troubled look on his face as he turned to me with : “This is about the queerest thing that - has overtaken me in all my experience. Site seems to have a dead man at the wheel" and if she has a crew aboard, they are in hiding. I’ll hail her, and see if 1 can wake anybody up.” "The-captain had a voice like a fog horn, and his tones would have carried to a craft a full mile away. He roared out a “Ship ahoy!" and hailed again and again, lmt there was never a move ment aboard the stranger. The black ship was holding true to her course, and seemed to he as well steered as our own craft; and while things had a queer look, it was only a mystery as yet. Find ing that his hails were not answered, the captain took the glass, and spent lull five minutes with it at his eyes. He had just lowered it when the live men of my watch came aft in a body, and one of the oldest of the men doffed his hat, , and respectfully said: “Captain Crawford, if I may be so bold as to say it, that there craft is either a pirate which is going to lay us aboard very soon, or it’s a death ship, and we can’t get away from her any too quick.” “There are no pirates in these seas,” replied the captain, as he rounded on the man; “and, as for a death’s ship, that’s all nonsense. Dead men can’t make sail and steer a ship.” “But look at her sails, sir!” persisted the man. "They are rusty and old, and I don't believed they have been touched for weeks. What she is carrying is ohly enough for a gale, and if she wasn’t a racer we’d be drawing away from her in no time.” With a growl at their superstition, the captain ordered the men forward, but I could see that he was both puzzled and troubled as he ordered the man at the wheel to luff a point and bring us nearer the stranger. The wheel had scarcely been moved when the stranger also luffed. The man was then ordered to let her fall off two points, and the yards were trimmed for the new course, but the men were still pulling and hauling when the stranger fell off, and thus preserved his position. Neither in luffing nor fall ing off was there any pull at his yards or sheets, but as the wind was light there was no actual need of this to keep his course. "He can’t be a pirate." whispered Captain Crawford to me as we stood gazing and wondering. “If it were any one meaning us harm, he knows the size of our crew, and that we are unarmed, and lie would have been aboard long ago. It may be a craft which has lost every body aboard by- fever or plague, but how is it that she sticks to us as she does ? Haven’t seen the man at the wheel make the slightest move since we first set eyes on him.” By this time the chief mate and all the men of his watch had turned out, and for a time all discipline.was forgot ten in the eagerness to solve the mys tery. Twice again we luffed, but the black ship was not thirty seconds be hind .ns. Then we fell off; but she per formed the same manoeuvre, and her course was still parallel. Of a sudden there was a long-drawn wail from the south, and the light wind became a rat tling breeze in a moment. We were not only off our course, but the men had to rush to stations to trim sheets and yards, and for five minutes all were so busy, that no one paid any attention to the stranger. When the bustle was over, the black ship had disappeared. The moon was shining just as brightly as before; but though a man was even sent aloft with a glass and swept the sea foot by foot, not a sign of our mys terious visitor could be discovered. An entry' was made in the log-book. I wrote ' the matter out in detail, and every of- j fleer and man signed liis name to the I statement. It was published on our ar- j rival in Liverpool, and while some sneer ed at it, others were inclined to believe that we had seen what we had seen. It would probably have gone into his tory' as a sailor's yam, however, had not the English meichantman Good Hope met with a queer adventure three weeks later. She had called at Fayal, in the Azores, and had made a run of a hun dred and ninety miles to the north, and. was jogging along under all sail one night at ten o’clock, when she overtook and passed an unknown craft. It was M a starlight night, without the slightest sign of mist rising from the water. The? unknown had no lights out, and bad passed within a hundred feet. The chief mate had the .watch, and hailed her, but. got no answer in return. He was still cursing her .carelessness in sailing the highway without a light when the craft came sailing after him and soon took, up si position to leeward, and only a stone's* throw away.' Wlwt happened to v’a.of .the Sea Gull now happened-to those of-the Good Hope. The : stranger was repeatedly hailed, hut made no answer. Only one single person could he seen aboard of her. and lie; was the mar. at the wheel — the figure which was without motion except such aw the tossing of; the ship gave him. Be st odd- there ■; clear enough unde:- the naked eye, .but the gktss’ brought him so . close that ,th,e haii-fi sticking- out under his weatherriteriten >!jou’-woster could al mosf'be nounl.ee!'. IfOr amliour the 'black shifi lan a pnirUle! course to that Of the Good. "Hope-. and th<i c.r«jv.: of'flu> latter got a bad fright over it. There was ju> increase of the breeze, as in mu- case, tint as tiu; liftecn ipen aboard stood .staring ;it tier she suddenly vanished from tlic face of the sea. it was three months he fore the black Hup was seen again. Tile American ship Bonny Belle. bound from Alow York to Bordeaux, had left the Azores to the south, and behind her, when one day at neon the Ut'erze left h>-r, and there came a dead calm. Tin- seas somt went down until there was only .a glassy ground, swell, and when night came on there was not a sail in sight. At midnight the moon rose, and so bright w.-is its light that one could have read a book on deck. Half an hour after midnight, without enough air stirring tb move a. feather, a strange craft suddenly catne into view from the east, and when first seen was about a mile away. She was bows on at first, but. coming down with in half a mile of the Belle, she-swung round and displayed her broadside. The second mate had the watch, having come on at twelve o’clock,-.. and: after puzzling for a few minutes, he called the captain. Captain t^nd mate unitc-T their voices inm, bail. whc-li was not an swered, and a musket was brought up and .fired three times without eliciting any ueply. Captain Finch, of the Belle, was a hard-headed fellow, with no- su perstition in his composition; and when his hails were .unanswered he said to his-mate: . - ...- - “Mr Davis, that is undoubtedly the black ship -we have reaJd and heard' about, and here is our chance to solve the mystery, and perhaps do a nice thing in the way of salvage. You will take a boat and pull off -to her and see. if she is abandoned.” The mate hesitated for a. moment, and then refused to go. The second mate was appealed to, hut he likewise re fused. The captain could have ordered them to be lodged up iri their state rooms foi^the rest of the voyage, but he ' could not sail bis ship without officers, and after roundly cursing them for co-w ards he declared that lie -would go him self. For a time every man of his crew refused to obey the order- to lower a boat but when Captain Finch set about it single-handed, and said her would pay the visit at all hazards, two sailors stepped forward to accompany him. The captain said of Iris advert- ' .ture : •' "When we had approached within few fathoms of the strange: craft. I or dered the men to cease relying-. that I * might look over her. She had no name painty on liei; stern or quarter. Sv* was shelly weather-beaten -aloft. \ there was much rust on.her black V.- is.-' Her model was half clipper, and any sailor could see that she- was easily handled and sailed like a witch. We rowed twice round the ship, hailing her several times and then I ordered the, men to row me under the bows, that I might climb up by her chains. They , hung in the wind and would have .re fused had I not menaced them with the revolver I had brought in my pocket. As I climbed up tin- chains I ordered them to make ilie boat fast and one of them to follow me up. I counted ten •objects lying about which I verily be lieve were dead men wrapped up in blan kets, though for reasons shortly to be given I could not make sure of this'v The decks were not otherwise littered up. though even in the moonlight I could see they had not been cleaned for months. “I was ready to go aft.'and was wait ing for the men. when I heard, the splash ' of oars, and turned about to discover that the cowards were making off. I : at once fired a shot over their, heads, and threatened to make targets of themyr; | but menace them as I would, the most I they would-do-was to hold the boat-;at a distance ol' about forty feet from the I ship's side. To reach it X had to leap into the sea, and on my return to the Belle X could not induce others' to row me back to the derelict. The men did not seem to fear her as a ghost ship so •’ much as a plague ship. The entire crew were on deck, and looking full at the black ship, when she suddenly began .-to •; move away from us, heading to .the north. There was r.ot a breath of wind - ' and if. there had been a current -we. , should also have moved, but yet she slowly and gradually drew away; from us. and in the course of an hour /was entirely out of sight.- lly belief, is. that she was.a plague ship, but at the same ;. time I-confess to being greatly, mystified, by her strange actions.” Tlie black ship was seen once m-or£, and lor the last time ’ about ;i month, later. A British man-of-war was [sent out to Took for her, and after-a cruise of , two weeks to arid fro .without- sighting'-'" her, the Government craft; fouhd her self becalmed one night about midway _ between Azores and.Madeira. - At. kali* past eleven o’clock, the black1 ship was- - discovered. Of a sudden she appeared within half a mile of the .man-of-TYar Ten minutes after' sighting the mysteri ous ship, Captain Crimmins, of the , Grampus, hud two boats in tlie jwateri " and the officer in command/ had .orders to board, the derelict, and overhaul every , . , foot of her. Away went the -boatsj, but- ” they never reached her., At a. point about midway the black‘ship suddenly settled down, and two minutes later her topmasts were out of sight beneath the - sea. Some bits of wreckage were pieked up and preserved, but nothing that cou!^. identify her, and to this day her name, port of hail, and the fate that made her a derelict are matters of conjecture. I have always held that she was a for eigner. and that her crew died to a man of some terrible epidemic, but as to ber mysterious appearance and disappear ance, and the nature of the accident that' . finally sent her to the bottom, I have no theory to advance. For a year or two - afterwards various ships reported as having seen the strange craft here or there, but these reports were not consi dered authentic, and no further search was ever made.— “XVeu-kly Budget” (ijoh M. Chauvin, the French Deputy who: lost his seat at the recent elections, has resumed his former occupation.of bar ber. Yesterday -was his first day in his new shop. Chauvin was found in a long, white apron, a comb stuck in his hair, and a razor in his hand, operating on a customer. M. Chauvin expects; make a fortune, also to regain hls’J*0"'*'" in the Chamber at thenr"-- ' His shop is the he-'1-'’' 