A MARVELLOUS EARTH QUAKEREPORfEft. ^ \- Ghost stoneB have short shrift :.u* modern times when they - interfile witfr tiie elucidation of - scientific ' problems; -This at letot was the 'case with regard to one promuing and romantic popular super stition concerning the -effect of 'Curioug experiments now being tried on the Isle of. Wight .by -Professor John -Milne, the celebrated investigator .61 A earthquake phenomena'. The quiet locality in which he "lias erected his buildings'add apparatus for 'the purpose of' taking records of' earthquakes is: within the 'grounds of'Carisbrooke Castle. Around that venerable pile very, gruesome memo Ties have clusteralever since the' days when Charles JL spent thirteen months as a'prisoiier within its walls, while; Crom well and'Bradshaw pushed on their plans lor bringing their royal captive to the executioner's " block. Strange ghostly: •shadows have been seen mo.vjng across , the grounds, flickering. lights have appeared from the crumbling walls of the ruin, and. other eerie things have been noticedIn the little, village ofAShide as well as at Osborne, where the Queen resides, there has' been, much discussion over the .'rashness of Pro fessor Milne in obtruding his Scien tific experiments into precincts so sacred to martyred majesty; and some Of the gossips sagely prophesied that no good would come of his attempts—that * the ghost would not permit a successful desecration of its domains! But the Professor and his Japanese assistant merely, laughed at all predictions of .. disaster, and . went on defying the ghost. Two strong stone cham bers were ■ built, and in these were placed columns of solid masonry from which were hung two heavy beams. Of these the more . delicate, upon which the success or failure of the whole system depends, works in darkness excepting thata small slit allows a narrow pencil of light to enter and to photograph the movements of the end of the beam upon sensitised paper kept in slow but con stant motion by clockwork. Everything was properly prepared, and the apparatus was set for- a long run, at the close of which it was examined, and the lamp was found to' have gone out before any extensive record had been taken. This happened repeatedly, and the tale spread down to the village. Then the wiseacres shook their heads with the air of those who say "Wo told you so!" Plainly the ghost of * Charles L had extinguished that lamp each -time, and the seismologist had better give up his attempt to wrestle with such an uncanny visitant! But the matter-of-fact child of the Rising Sun, who knew little about Charles I. and cared still less about his ghost, soon solved the mystery by finding the remains of a tiny iiisect that had fluttered dowii the chimney of the lamp and put an untimely end *to the seismo logical record by extinguishing the light. This difficulty having been overcome another enemy appeared in the shape of a spider that exerted itself to pull the end of the recording needle out of plumb, and so produced what looked like evi dence of an earthquake strong enough to wreck all Japan. Then this same incor rigible spider fastened the needle so firmly with his web to a piece of contiguous metal as t6 apparently put an end to all earthquakes whatever! Later a little woodlouse entered into the spirit of the fun and blocked the light from the slit by peeping through it. These and other annoyances were avoided by making the apparatus insect-proof; and now it is working with marvellous regularity, taking records of the earth-tremors from shocks which may occur in any part ot the world. Tho^e who have not studied seismology may regard the. Isle of Wight as one of the worst places in which to attempt to register the time and the intensi y of earthquakes. The only verjf noticeable tremors which have happened in England for something like a generation past... were those of 1884 and 1896; but those were not sufficient to cause the country to be classed as one .suffering specially from seismic influences. In the latter year the observing officer at Greenwich, when in terviewed by a Press representative in quest of information, smiled and re marked, " Oh, earthquakes arc not much in our line !" aud added that " outside of Professor Milne's elaborate studies in Japan, hardly any really adequate inves-' tigatiou had taken place." As Professor of Seismology at Tokio, Mr. Milne had devised observing instru ments of such delicacy that iie got a record of the shock in England, and was able to correct au error in the reputed time of the occurrence. After that achievement it became tolerably obvious that an equally sensitive- -apparatus, if constructed in England, would take good records of the vigorous and ener getic eartlishocks to which Japan is ac customed. Professor Millie bad do- ^ moustmtod quite enough in Japan to show that in his capacity of the world's Seismographer-in-Chief he need not con fine his work to a place in which some of the buildings, according to his own inge nious device, have to be constructed upon rows of cannoli balls to prevent destruc tion from earth disturbances. Indeed, the delicate instruments were apt to suffer through the too close neighbour- " hood of the scene of- disturbance,-just as the ears of a -. music-lover would be im paired if their owner had to sit in an orchestral concert within a yard or two of the biggest trumpet. As a.rule the Garis brooke Observatory receiyes» intimation of at least one earthquake somewhere in the world during each twenty-four hours. The day preceding the visit of Mr! Cleve land Moffctt, who describes tlie placo in 33 w Win^f^PearsonVffi&r;! happenedto be an exception to' .rale, and the line traced upon the" irly ?moving Btm> of paper waB per-; dyetraight;. 'Is * very peaceful \- - locality like the Isle of Wiglittheabsence ' ofdisturbing traffic on railways and roads givet the best chance for the detection of distant earth tremors. Mr. . Moffett mtions thatthe weight of afewvehicles^ i a road would be sufficient to cause x eeiBmographic beams, if hung on-each aide, to deflect quite perceptibly towards " other. i The ponderous hanging rods employed are virtually gigantic pendulums which awing upon their supports as sqon as even V; the slightest motion of the earth takes place. The less delicate of the two* V instruments 19 : used to give the first intimation . that an earth 7 shock has been. .experienced some where ; and thehj ;by determining the exact time at which it occurred, the more complete and accurate photo graphic strip showing the motions of the other pendulum can bo readily examined at the correct place. The first apparatus makeB its own record by the direct pres sure of a silver needle upon a .slip covered with lampblack and moved in a vertical direction by clockwork. A tremulous movement in the line traced by the needle shows that there has been som^ vibration at the time indicated on the register. If, for example, South Australia were again to experience such a visitation as that which occurred in May of last year it would not be necessary to rely upon evidences like that of overturned or Btopped clocks in order to ascertain the exact moment at which the earthquake happened. "Go abroad and hear news," says the old proverb; and people who live 'outside of England will now in most cases have to rely upon Professor Milne for an exact statement of the times at which the phenomena of earth tremors - began and ended. Those tell-tale swing ing beams are so wonderfully sensitive that they will accurately gauge a diffe rence in level of only one inch in ten miles. Lord Kelvin, during a lecture on physics, once brought his hand down with a thump on the table and asked his students why the people in Aus tralia could not observe and take a record of the disturbance which he had made ? Simply, he replied, because they i do not possess instruments which are sufficiently sensitive. It was certain, however, that the vibrations caused by his hand had passed in waves of ever decreasing intensity to the other side of the world. When Professor Milne is able to recognise in England the existence at the antipodes of an earth tremor which sounds like the rumbling of a heavy cart, he is obviously advancing towards the ideal indicated by the celebrated Glasgow physicist. 