THE MYSTERY OF 'MYLRIA; OB, LOVER OR MURDERER. BY ROBERT BUCHANAN. 1 II »w nf "Effie Hetherington," "God and the Man," "The Shadow of the Sword," ; AUtu Moment After," "The Martyrdom of Madeline," "Stormy Waters," ' "Heir of Binne," "Annan Vater," "The Wedding Ring," "Lady Kilpatrick," &c..; &c.; CHAPTER XI— (Continued.) Having confided Eileen to the care of the landlady, a kindly, motherly woman, I sallied forth alone to have an interview with the lawyer who was preparing the defence. I found nun in ouuic lciiijjua.o.i.j' offices near the market-place, and up to his ears in legal documents. He was a fussy little man, O'Flannigan jjy name, quick as a weasel, sharp as a needle, with very little belief in human nature. When I entered ' the room where he sat, he had his watch in his hand. He looked from it to me and said : "I can give you ten minutes, sir. Sorry I can't make it more, but this is a busy day." "I merely wish to ask you a question or two on behalf of Miss Craig. She wishes to know how matters stand With regard to Michael Creenan's de fence." The lawyer's face fell, but he answer ed briskly enough. "Very well indeed, sir. "We shall do our best to get him off." "But do you think you will succeed ?" " I hope so, sir, but the law's a quare thing, and the evidence is rather ugly. , It's unlucky that the prisoner and the murdered man came to words before the deed was done, and on the other hand, it's lucky that the young lady sticks to it that the prisoner is innocent. We'll Work that for all it's worth, never fear ! Our leading council, Mr Docherty, Would make a pig cry' when he touches the sentimental stop, let alone a jury !" "You are aware," I said, "that the prosecution has subpoenaed Father Anthony, the prisoner's brother ?" " Yes," replied Mr O'Flannigan, " but I've seen the priest's depositions, and they can do no harm, for when he's cross- examined we shall be able, I. think, to show that the prisoner was too fond of the daughter to raise his hand against the father." I hesitated, and looked quietly in the lawyer's face. Honestly, now, what is your opinion ef the case?" The little man raised his hands in stu pefaction. have no opinion. I take the evidence and I sift it for what it rs worth, i think it>s a bad case_ and j. think its a good case. It's a toss-up, - ra a ? j? 1 ask is that luck wil1 send 1imh!0<? pered judge and a tinder- iiearted jury!" anVwf6d Ir, O Flann'gan good-day, ffllJed -?ack t0 the gao1' detei" words'tu-ft,0 «' 1 to have a few Private little hre-t t- prisoner- After some my evoni my re(luest was granted, cation „ f "g tliat 1 had a communi cation make from the prisoner's soli- young fPnnn.tered tke cel1 where the at the ciin Was lodg'ed> 1 was shocked light and hiS exPressim All the the mornin" hnd seen there in in th fa<3ed from his face, settled h!" r aee 1 now saw a look of p ea ut Quiet despair. uckip'hlf11""5 on lhe side of his ing untast JV1, kis middaY meal stand- tered t ,! bESide him" When I en' svearily wh a a"d asked me gently but Keein- n,af had brought me back. Bu'ickTy : 1 Hesitated, he asked "No"CiaiS is not ill?" to take "she is waiting for me BSeyoufcro me" but 1 wished first to b"ue that vai p\oment alone. It is quite 'toned to ivp1 ther has been sum- 1 hatched if-V fnCe against Yu-" but his f..!: klra kee"ly while I spoke, "Yo , if,® Was a blank, feuieiiy. me that before, sir," he said "JlL X'm "ilm la 5 utatever flight?" was not- with you that «.gUite sure." Wno'id11.?!,101' persist'iig; but have tehen, as vm, 6 he visited that night, Ca."3 away on tlay' he as making sick | No, sir mountains?" b?ut fr him to be out and ' Quijr tlSllnl t e day 3J.P w-a? out at all hours y mSht. You see, sir," the young man added, quietly, "my brother was always a little strange after he was ordained. I used to think sometimes that he wasn't quite happy in his new life. He had strange fits of depression, and once, I remember, I found him cry ing like a child." "On that particular night, before your arrest, did anything in his appearance strike you?" The young fellow reflected. Then, as if illumined by a sudden memory, he ex claimed: "Yes, sir. He came in covered with mud as if he had been wandering over the open bog, and his face was wild as if he had seen a ghost. I asked him where he had been, and he told me that he had been visiting the sick and giving absolu tion. Then when we were alone he wrung me by the hand and said, 'Oh, Michael, why did I ever become a priest of God?' " "Shortly after that you were ar rested?" "Yes, and when the peelers came to take me my brother went on like a mad man and cried out that I was innocent, and that he could prove it. But sure, if that were true I shouldn't be sitting here now." After a little more conversation I left him, feeling in my own mind pretty well assured that if the priest could not help me to find the guilty person I should, never lay my hands upon him. CHAPTER XII. My interviews with the unfortunate man in prison had had at least one effect — they had convinced me (in spite of the overwhelming evidence against him) that he was innocent. When I said as much to Eileen, and begged her, as I did, to forgive me for having had so little faith previously in her womanly instinct, she was grateful beyond mea sure, and the load of her grief seemed greatly lightened. "From this moment," I said, "I'm with your heart and soul, and what I attempted at first out of mere sympathy hall be done henceforth under abso lute conviction. You must keep up your. strength, Miss Craig, for we shall need it all! There's time yet to save your friend, and with God's help he may soon be a free man." Driving back to Myrlea together we discussed the chances with lighter hearts, since now, for the first time during our acquaintance we were equ ally enthusiastic. When we parted at the Castle door, and we shook hands like sworn comrades, her pale suffering face looked almost bright and hopeful, for the first time since our meeting. On one point I had thought it better to keep silence, since it might be a clue to the truth, and on the other hand might lead to nothing; and this point was the unwillingness of Anthony Cree- nan to testify publicly on behalf of his brother. What Michael had hinted to me seemed, to say the least of it, curi ous. Why should the priest have been so loud in asserting his brother's inno cence, and why should the summons to testify it have filled him with such de spairing terror? What was he himself doing on the night of the murder, and what was the real cause of his singu lar agitation? These were questions which I had determined to answer for myself at the first opportunity. At daybreak next morning I was on the car driving towards the solitary abode of the Creenans. On my arrival there I ascertained to my surprise that Father Anthony was up and sitting in his bedroom, where indeed I found him leaning back in an arm chair near the window reading his breviary. The mo ment I entered the room he smiled faint ly and reached out his hand for mine. I drew a chair beside his and placed my fingers on his pulse, while he watch ed me quietly with his large black eyes. I was struck more and more by his al most child-like expression. The dark eyes were large and soft like a woman's, the lips full and sensitive, and the whole face almost feminine in its sensuous beauty. "You are all right, now," I said, "but you should not have left your bed." "Sure, I'm better up and about," he replied in a low musical voice; "and here close to the window I can feel the light on me, and I can see the sunset on the mountains." Then, after thanking me in his mother's name and his own for my atten tion, he sat gazing out of the window with his eyes averted from mine, a little nervously I thought, as if he dreaded further conversation. "Do you know, Father Anthony," I said cheerfully, "that I've taken up my quarters in your old room at Myrlea? Very comfortable quarters they are, I assure you. And that reminds me," I added, "you left something behind you, which I'm sure you will be glad to pos sess again." So saying I produced the book of Irish songs which I had found in the room at Myrlea. I had my object in returning it personally to Its owner, but I was sur prised to see the effect which the sight of the book had upon him. His eyes dilated, his under lip quivered, and he drew back, waving the book from him with a white and trembling hand. "It is yours, is it not?" I asked. "Of course it is, for your name is written here upon the fly leaf." For some minutes he did not reply; but I saw his lips still quivering, and at last he said, in a low voice: "Thank you, doctor. Yes, the book is mine. Will you kindly place it down on the table?" I did so, and then returned to my seat at his side. When he spoke again his eyes were resting wistfully on the book. "It was a gift to me many years ago," he said; "but when I left it in the cot tage I did not expect to receive it again. Sure, it's a book of heathen songs, and there's only one book, maybe, a priest should read." He raised his right hand and showed the breviary. "But since Miss Eileen gave it to you?" Again, I thought his eyes dilated and his lips quivered, but I could not see bis face well, as it was partially turned away. Not a word more was said, but he opened his breviary, glanced at it, and then closed it with a deep sigh. "Are you strong enough," I said, "to talk to me on another subject? I have been to the prison at Castlerae, and I have had a long talk with your brother." This time there was no nervousness, no hesitation. He turned round quickly, looked eagerly into my face, and cried: "You've -seen Micheal? Spoken to him? How is he? What dd he say to you? Did he send any message to me?" "He senty you his loving blessing," I replied. "He was wondering why you had not been to see him, but I explained that you had been ill, and he was satis fied." "God in heaven bless him," cried the young pi-iest, fervently, looking up ward. "I did not go alone to the prison," I proceeded, still watching him intently. "Miss Craig was with me. She, like my self, is thoroughly convinced that your brother is innocent of causing her father's death." I waited for him to speak, but he was silent, and I saw that he was trembling from head to foot. "You, of course, believe him innocent?" The reply came at once, and in broken accents: "I know he is!" "Unfortunately, however, the case is very slack against him. Unless we can discover the person who is really guilty, your brother is certain to be condemn ed." It was cruel of me, I suppose, but I had my object in causing the young priest the torture which he was obvious ly enduring. If he was concealing any thing he might be urged to speak. He sat as if spellbound, gazing out through the window on the dreary, pros pect of mountain and moor. Suddenly he utter da cry and said in a voice chok ed with tears: "God will help him! God will never let them harm an innocent man!" "But can you do nothing?" I asked, quickly. "Remeber your brother's life is at stake. You say you know he is inno cent." "I know it, and God knows it!" "But can you prove it? That is the question. Do you know anything which might throw light into the darkness, and help us to find the guilty person?" "I know nothing. I can say nothing," he replied; and, with tears streaming down his cheeks, he added, as if to him self, "My God! My God!" But I persisted. "It is unfortunate— very unfortunate. When you are called upon to testify on your brother's behalf " "I have testified on the depositions. I can say no more." "You have not even any suspicion as to the truth? If that is so, how can you say that you know your brother is inno cent?" "I don't know it," was again the reply. "But how?" The priest rose to his feet, supporting himself to his feet witn his two tremb ling hands; then he stood erect, crossed himself, and looked me in the face. "God will preserve my brother," he said solemnly. "God also has taught me my duty, sir, and I shall do as He wills!" I saw at once that further cross-ques tioning was useless. For some reason or other, which I had not yet fathomed. Father Anthony was unable or unwilling to reveal all he knew. Utterly perplexed arid puzzled I prepared to take my leave. "You will see your brother as soon as possible?" I asked, after giving the in valid a few general directions to be ob served during his convalescence and promising to send him some strengthen ing medicine. "Perhaps," he replied vacantly. 'I do not know." Here was fresh cause for astonishment. Instead of being eager to rush to a meet ing with one so dearly beloved, he gave me the impression that he wished to avoid an interview. He saw the surprise In tny face, and a£ded with a strange look In his dark eyes: "Yes, I shall go to him. hut not yet- not yet!" 60 aying he took nay hand in his, press ing it between his wasted fingers, and bade me farewell. As I left the room I glanced back and saw him standing like a spectre gazing after me. As I drove home through the dreary moorland I tried to piece the puzzle to vain; the whole conduct and manner of the young priest seemed inscrutable; but the more I considered it the more con vinced I taecamp that he, and he alone, held the clue which we were seeking. More than once again I yielded to the the suspicion that some motive not v wholly good or noble might underlie his apparent affliction and his hesitation to actively in liis brother's defence. It was a horrible idea, but I could not wboly shake it away. Was it possible, I asked myself, that he had never quite forgiven Michael for coming between him and Eileen Craig and so driving him into the cold arms of the church ? Had the , priest's conduct throughout been as magnanimous as was supposed, or, on the contrary, was he, after all, not the friend of his brother, but his secret enemy 1 I dismissed the thought as un worthy, but I could not help remember ing what I had seen with my own eyes —Father Anthony's agitation when I re turned him the book of verse, Eileen's gift, and his shrinking away from it as from something almost hateful. I went over to Craig Castle that even ing, and in course of conversation with Miss Craig mentioned that I had been to see the priest, and that I had only suc ceeded in discovering that he knew of no circumstance which miklit tend to prove (his brother's innocence. I gathered at once form the dear girl's manner that she had not the slightest suspicion of the truth — that Anthony had ever conceived that hopeless passion for herself, "I should have spoken to Father An thony long ago," she said, "but after all that had happened I felt afraid; and then you know he was taken ill. Don't you think that he might help us? He knows the country so well and all the people. A priest has sources of informa tion which are closed to others." "I think he might help us," I replied "if you asked him." "If I asked him?" she repeated, in amazement. "Surely he would need no asking from me or anyone, if he could save his brother's life." "One would think not. But, frankly, (Miss Craig, I believe he is hiding some thing from us — something which he is afraid or unwilling to reveal." Her wonder seemed to increase when I inquired: "You are sure he has never had any disagreement with his brother?" "Oh, quite sure. Their love for each other has been the talk of everyone. Even when they were little children Michael adored Anthony, and Anthony, I believe, would have died for Michael." Still a little sceptical and unconvinced, but pretending to acquiesce, I proposed that she should drive over with me the next day, and add her entreaties to mine that the priest should move actively and at once in his brother's defence. I knew that I should subject the young man to another cruel ordeal, but I was in hopes that the result might help me to dispel the mystery. Miss Craig offered no ob jection, and on the afternoon of the next day we stood together at the door of the lonely house, inquiring for Father An thony. To my amazement Mrs Creenan, who met us on the threshold, told us that her son had left the house several hours be fore, to make some sick calls among the hills. She had tried to dissaude him from going out, for it was raining fast, but he only "gave a strange kind of a laugh," she said, and rushed away. "Sure the fever is on him still," she moaned, "and he'll maybe get bis death." "I hope not," I said. "No doubt he'll return soon, and with your permission we will wait for him." The meeting between the poor woman and Eileen was a little constrained on both sides, but before long the natural charm of the young girl had conquered, and the two were sitting side by side talking of the unhappy youth in prison. "God bless you for standing by him, and believing in him, Miss Eileen!" said Mrs Creenan. "You were the light of his eyes and the pulse of his heart," While they mingled their tears together I left the sitting-room and stole up to the little bedroom where I had seen Father Anthony on the previous day. The first thing that met my gaze as I entered was the took of songs lying on the table close to the armchair. I took it up and it opened at once at the pages between which lay the pressed shamrocks and withered rose. I felt certain that the priest had been reading it before lie went forth. I went to the window and looked out on the lonely meadows surrounding the house, and on the dreary prospect blurr ed with mist and rain. As I did so I saw a black figure in the distance walking rapiidy towards the house. I recognised it in a moment — it was Father. Anthony returning home. I hastened downstairs and stood on the threshold to receive him. In a few mo ments he came up panting, and never shall I forget the gruesome spectacle that be presented. \- His black soutane was soaked with (rain, bis broad-brimmed clerical hat was sh'apefless and dripping, the mud of the bog covered him to tbe knees and was splashed all over, but his face was still ghastly pale and his eyes were full of feverish light. He ran up the steps, and on. entering the house staggered and would have fallen if I hag not caught him- in my. arms. "You must he mad," I cried, "to ven ture out in such weather. Where have you been?" . .. He forced a laugh, and released him self from my arms. "I could not remain at home," he Re plied. "I was stifling In the house, and I went for a walk across the mountain." As be spoke he trembled, and drew back as 'if he had received a blow. Eileen stood in the ball looking at him in amazement. As she came up offering her hand his eyes fell, and he trembled violently. "I am so sorry you have been ill," she said. He did not reply. "Come," I said, "I must exercise a doctor's authority and order you to change your clothes at once. I want to talk to you, and so does Miss Craig." Still not raising his eyes, he answered in a low. strange, far-away voice: "Not to-night; no not to-night. I'm not well, I wish to be alone." I looked at Eileen, whose eyes were fixed upon the young priest in strange, wistful pity. "Father Anthony," she said, and placed her hand softly upon his arm. He shook like a leaf at the touch, and his agitation increased; then to my as tonishment he ran forward; and clutch ing the bannisters fled swiftly upstairs; but before he reached the lobby above he looked round, cast one look downward and uttered a mournful cry like the cry of a death-struck bird. "Sure, it's mad he is, indeed," said Mrs Creenan. "Will" ye go after him, sir, and see that he comes to no harm?" I obeyed her at once, and hastened upstairs to the priest's bedroom only to find the door locked in my face. I knocked. ' There was no answer. "Father Anthony!" I cried, and knock ed again and again. At last a voice answered me: "Who's theree" "It is I— Dr. Sutherland. I must speak to you." There was another pause. Then the priest's voice cried again: "Are you alone?" "Yes, I am alone." The key turned in the lock and the door opened. I entered, and in a mo ment the door was locked behind me. Father Anthony stood looking at me like a hiinted animal. He had thrown off his coat and vest and stood in his shirt sleeves, with the black priest's stock, dripping with wet, hanging limply from his neck. "What is it that you want?" he cried wildly. "Why do you torture me?" I answered him soothingly, and ex plained that my only anxiety was about his state of health, and ordered him to go to toed as soon as possible. "As for the errand which brought us here," I said, "I suppose that must wait. I'll ask Miss Craig to come over another time." "No, no!" he exclaimed. "She must not come again. I cannot speak to her. I dare not! I will not!" Here his voice failed him, and throw ing himself in the armchair he hid his face in his hands. Seeing that it was useless to persist, I placed my hand gently on his shoulder and wished him good-night. "Good night," lie replied in a hollow voice, not looking up. I left the room, and the moment I had done so I heard him spring up and lock the door. Thoroughly startled and mystified, I rejoined .the two women downstairs, but in answer to their eager inquiries only informed them that Father Anthony had suffered no serious harm and would possibly be all right in the morning. Then I drove Miss Craig back to Mylrea. It was a stormy drive, and we spoke little during the journey, she appearing to be plunged in thought and I thinking it better to keep my own counsel as to what I had seen and heard. (To be continued.) 