LAL LAL KEEPING HOLIDAY. (BY SLAMTEGEAL.) The New Year’s race meeting at Lal Lal has got a reputation of its own—an excellent one—and as I heard it was one of those gather ings where our Hibernian friends do congre- gate, I thought my holiday could not be better employed than by giving them a look in aftor the manner of Paul Pry, a character in which George Coppin was onoe inimitable. I had aeen many race 1 , fnire, patterns, hurling games, and euchlike under native skies, and remember all tbs fan and frolic, the singing and the dancing, the fighting and the drinking, all oat of pare devilment, without meaning any harm; tho hnrlji-burley, the pushing and cries for polios, tho joking and langhing, and the general randy pandy, and no dandy of a rattling whisky-drinking Irishman. This was in the old days; but things are now somewhat altered, and let ns hope for the better. There was an object, however, in witnessing the exotic sons and daughters of Erin how they flourished beneath Australian skies, and how they kept np tho ancient traditions of the race. Through the courtesy of tho secretary (Mr Blight), acting under in structions of Mr Fitzpatrick, J.P., vice-presi dent of tho race club, I was enabled to satisfy my enriusity on points of no littlo interest. The world and his wifo were, of course, expected, and large crowds in holiday attire might be seen making for the v.’ost-'rn Railway Station from an early hoar. The faro demanded wis 2s 7d. and had it been 3s, one would not bavo minded mach, being out for sport, bat it seemed only consistent ehsbbiuess for the sake of an oxtra penny to pat everyono to tho troabie of banting up a eeoond silver piece, and wai'ing till the enpereillions young gent took his time to fix np the coin to bis own satisfaction. Following the crowd I reached the platform, and seeiug there nothing bnt a string of open waggons, with an. engine that might h ive come oub of Noah’s Ark, I politely enquired of the man on the gate, “ Where's the train ?” “ißhnnld not have thought it if you hadn’t told me. And is thiß the best yon can do ?” The people who had entered the trucks ware looking .about a little sheepishly endeavoring ;■ to*shut* as best "they could, bnt apparently riot a littlo "Bby. AVbot wore they to do? \- You paid yonr money and take your choice. "Be driven like pigs to market or stay at home. So in we get and pretend rather to like it—the sensation is novel and the utter absenoe of every convenience is refreshing. But the ladies were not bo philosophic. If Mr Mathio eon had come along some of them would have bonnetted him for his cheek, as . thoy called it. One little lady was so in dignant that she would probably have danced on the Commissioner's prostrate body if sbe had a chance. She was a emartish, tartish, fastish looking little person. Her tiny feet were encased in white kid Bboes over a pair of coffee colored stockings. She took care to allow just enough, to peep ont occa sionally from under her jupon to let yon eee that. Her dresß was of bine material, with a big pink scarf; a lavish display of imitation honiton-lace over her shoulders, and a narrow brimmed hat snrihonnted by a quarter-acre allotment of flowers and greens. Someone from the platform observed.ro her sympathetically Arei you going in that Zerlina? (those girls do .have such aristocratic names). “ Yes,” she replied, “it’s a nioe state of things to be re duced to this, making ns travel liko sheep, SHEEP, SHEEP." These words were uttered with fall crescendo.effeot, aocompanied by a series of stamps wirh her little foot on the floor of the track. We all langhed, and good, humor being restored away we went, all off to Lai Lai, holding on orir bats with two bands such was the speed at which we Sew. The immediate environs of the Golden City are neither attractive nor roman'io, yet as tbs -old stager rashes throagh miles of old and thrice- abandoned diggings, how tbs mind teems with memories of former days, and the faces and voices of long ago. These bald, unsightly mounds and barren stretches of broken, corrugated waste, only serve to stir the memory, like ghosts of the dead and gone forever. As the waggons penetrate beyond tha anriferons area, the - scene changes, and things assnms a more tooral-ooral aspect. .To the left Mount Warronheip lifts its broad abonlder above the bright blue riky line, standing ont boldly and repose fally, and still retaining indications of its pristine glory, when the aboriginal and the kangaroo had it . all to themselves. On the right rises Monnt Buninynng, a thing of beauty and a joy for ever. The intervening country is nndeniably bash, with open spne-s of snn-browned grass land,, and patches of cultivation, peculiarly Australian, and not tho less delightful for that. In little more tbari three quarters of an hour the waggons get on to the spar line running direet to the coarse, and. the contiguous conntrv grows more and more picturesque. In less than 10 minntes the amphitheatre whioh inolndes the eonrse, comes in view, ami the visitor is struck by the suitability for the purposes intended, no leas than its many dis tinctive features of landscape, heanty spots, its wealth of timbered land, its slopes mid grassy flats, the eucalyptus trees in every etago of growth dotting or covering the pros apect presented. A single glance is sufficient to stamp the promoters of this eqooatrian arena as gentlemen of good sense, excell-nt judgment, with an eye to classic beauty and the harmony that ever exists between nature and the imitative arts of man. Bnt a trace to generalities. Here we are at oar destination. Tha. waggons disgorge their gaily appareled freight, and everyone makes straight for the course. The invi’ation card gays ready admission to the ground. Cer berus for once did not snap or regard yon with that steady glare that pro claimed yon as. a stranger, and conse quently a suspect. No, the grand janitor was oivil, and positively sober, although it was now after 1 o’clock. Within the en closure yon met everybody—that is, everybody loaally north knowing, except the members for Ballarat; but no donbt they sent apologies. Parliament, however, was not unrepresented. In the centre of an admiring group na recog nised the owner of that genial smile than which a kindlier or more happy is not to b« met between the Cova of Cork and the Giants’ Causeway, and whose manly figure seems to tower like the monnt ho represents over all his environments. W« are mat also by Mr Fitzpatrick, doing the M.C., so to speak, who is here, there, and everywhere; now looking after the races and filling the role of judge, if we don’t mistake; then showing bis guests and friends the way to the aaeuager of thirsty mortals, or getting a late arrival a Beat at the lunoheon table. There was Fathnr Gnilfoyle, I who always reminds one of Goldsmith’s village pastor. A man he was to all tha aonntry dear, He-watched and wept, he prayed and felt for all; And as a bird each fond endearment tries To tempt its new fledged offspring to the skies. He tried each art, reproved eaoh dull delay, Allured to brighter worlds, and led the way. Several senatorial dignitaries devided the honors with Mr Murphy, Mr Hager (presi dent), Mr Coghlan, and many local men nf light and leading might also be mentioned. Then someone mentions that talking is dry work. " True for yon,” ejaonlaies the genial one. So be brings ns over and introduces us to that excellent offioial, George Lovitt. It seems, however, to be the onstom in these parts to precede as well bb finish all tranac tionswith a modest quenoher; so we are intro duced to a gentleman who eeemed cruol to be kind, and offers first the hnmbler beverages, and only producing the real stingo when pressed by oue ia authority. Even then he measures out with strict regard to frugality, doubtless remembering that a lot had to bo got through before tbs day was over. Luncheon was laid out, and plenty of it, in a room adjoining, and the guests were served in relays. Mr Hager pre )sided, and a pleasant gentlemen beside him welcomed ns and helped tia to the best. Cour tesy and quietude eharaoterised everything and everybody. Outside the sports went on apace." The grandstand was well filled, the metallioians were there in great force, and seemed to do a roaring business offering the odds, hnt looking as if they could do more. There were crowds of piouiokers about, and family parties divided their attention between the victuals and the blue and white caps or the red with yellow sash, or Some other distinguishing mark of the jockey who rqdo to win. Not a few went away to the Falls, and crowds sought the shelter of the bush near by, where thoy partook of their meridian meal in peace and comfort. It was altogether a jolly day; the gathering was of the most exemplary kind; the stewards and committee discharged their onerous duties most satisfactorily; and though tho railway people were shabby in the matter of acoommodation, they were all right as to arrival and departure. I have been to a Quakers’ meeting as . well as an Irish race, but for absolute propriety, sweat evenness of temper, and irreproachable respectability, I never saw Saturday’s Lai Lai raoes eclipsed. 