A FAITHFUL TRAITOR. CHAPTER XI II, A.vrosy had shivered involnnfiirily as lie stood in the shabby. old liiiU iii tlie shabby old house iii MJ'loonislinry a f(jw jionrs before, iind h:id realised iir'ulnit a I cold depressing atmosphere tluv blossom ' of 'tliis lovely womanly b'part had been' roared. .'It. Iind needed' hut (lws touch of ; realiSiiV. tins -moriientary glimpse of tho drama of Elizabeth's blighted childhood, to bring hta- present attitude before him, not . merely as comprehensible, but also 'almost natural., ' The lijatory of. the: girl's mental, a's' well js actual sacrifice seemed to bo' as clear to Antony as though lid were reading it in a book. ?He could distinguish each sojiarafo sor row — the1 shattered' illusions, the van ished drcnnl-pictures, the crushed hopes, the blighted' imaginings ; lastly, he dis cerned' the calm; cold,' proud resignation : which must have stolen in' upon her. after the' consolation of her child's' love for Iter dead mother. had been taken ..from lii'r. '? ' ? ' \Yjmt a burden of suffering wiis th.is tjint li atl been laict upon so exquisitely delicate and sensitive H nature as' Eliza- beth's!. How was it that she had re mained so gentle, sweet, and fair as she bad revealed herself, to him that night ?. ijehred ns slie bad 'been, a 'child of sor row from' her birth, shut a way from con fact with the' helpful influence of other children, and from all ' those happy moments' which go to. build up the, conr-' age,' the hope, the faith in life's good liess so absolu tely necessary 'to the fjitm'o of cvory human being, it was a marvel tho girl's whole nature bad not been ^uiiied. Assuredly it did not seem to Antony Peile that Elizabeth could have acted otherwise than she had, done, plilier during lier grandmothers lifetime or now when that grandmother was dead iind, buried. It struck the yoiyig mail, ifideed, as being very singular that' the okl.woma'n should have imagined/Mt pos sible that tho girl she li'acL trained so well could have o'nturtaindd for'an in stant the' alternative of ft marriage with Ilicliard Saville which she had set down in her will. To Sir Antony's miacl' tli'e re was something almost paradoxical in the two wishes— wishes so utterly at ?farianee the one with the other. Was i£ that, at the last, a Feeling of compas sion bad overcome the grim old creature, and had ennsed her to set on one side all this results of the past fifteen year? ? If not from a ~f,eeling of compassion.' \fliy otherwise had Mrs. Latimar sug gested' to' her grandchild such a future as would be ope.n.ed out to her as. IJick Seville's wife? It was incomprehen sible. ' Sir Antony found himself agreef ing with Lady Feo that M rs.' Latinia'r l.Versel f had' not quite known what she did want to arrange for Elizabeth's future. ; ''.Excejit,'- Lady ,Feo observed. ' that she wii's 'determined-' to lie cantankerous ?\yith mo, and to keep Elizabeth ' away f;rom nie after she was dead, just as she did whcil she was alive.' ' Sir Antony had made no reply to this characteristic rqniiirk ;,,bnt lie. could not help ; thinking tlinf Elizabeth had cause for complaint against these wishes of the. dead. ' ' I L is all so. ridiculous ! ' .Lady Feo ]jnd continued. '? If Elizabeth iiiight ho. permitted to marry Mr. Saville and take lier proper place in the world — for of course when once she was his wife, she would be. oblige'd to go' everywhere — what in the name of common sense was there to prevent lier- from f'omiiig, to live, with Gregory and mo, and from enjoying herself as every girl onglit to enjoy her self,. instead of ,'niiirtyrising hi'rself .as a governess-drndge, and dying of a broken heart before she bad well commenced to live 'To alLtliis there seemed to be 110 reasonable answer ; but Sir Antony was nevertheless disposed to take n more optimistic view of Elizabetli's future than Lady Feo did. ; 'She is bound to go a little to ex tremes,' lie said to himself, as lie smoked 'another cigarette and the clock on hi#' mantelshelf, .cliiiiievl the hour of | one'. ''.She is ready for almost any liui'd of- sacrifice, poor child ; she thinks j obedience/ to her grandmother's wishes , will constitute her mother's, atonement. Now' that' I have seen'lier I ,can. fo.retell exactly what her actions will be. Until thc'iiifliieuco of .this strange old' woman has had time to fade away, and,' -until sonic. stronger', and more wholbsome in ililence comes into he.r life, Elizabeth will proceed. in the path slio luis chosen. She will consider herself .jvrpng'even to coYi template' a ' different, future. How tlie very suggestion of this marriage with .Dick .inustjiave jarred oil her, poor cliild. L ' Evidently the remembrance jarred upon' Sir Antony too, for- he pushed back his ;;hriir.'and rose hurriedly to his feet. ' 1 ? ' ''?Audit must have been a hit of a shock to, Dick also,'' lie went on, mus ing, his brows knitted unconsciously. Lady Feo's angry , words, about his be layed friend again rose to his mind with objectionable clearness. 'It is an awfully delicate business. I -oin . afraid she will prove difficult— - slio is so proud. And yet, in some fashion or otlior, Diclc must make over this nioiiey to her. In ordinary circumstances a marriage would perhaps have been {lie. liappiost.sol.ulion of tho dillicnlty ; yet ? ' For some extraordinary reason tlie young mail did not seem able to con te.nphito with any degree of pleasure or coin fort even the suggestion of such a marriage. Possibly Feo's. strongly nttwed protest ngninst Elizabeth lie coming his guardian's wife, secreily.in fhioiieed him. Whether... this was so or iipi; the fact remained tlial Sir Antony turned away almost eagerly from the thought of |t. lie lii'gan n;oy;ng resl lossly about ,tl|e i'(|(im. ' I wish I had .seen Dick ..to-night. ,1,' lm said to himself,, regretfully'. ' I -feel .vmiohow that ho .would ..have liked to I'a'k things over with tlie. It seems odd to imagine Dick with a trouble of his own ; hitherto lie has had none but. what I have brought to him'.' 1 lo turned to the window, and stood and looked out of it for a law moments, the soft cool night air stealing in n|»on him. ' Perhaps'I ought to postpone my visit to Spqedo— at Toast, for a day. Dick may want me,' he ? mused, pausing ir resolutely ; then he turned round'br.iskly. Ho would 'carry l^U letter to the post himsolf-^his' servant had 'go.no; to bed hours liefore— and lip particularly de sired that Mr. Saville should receive the communication by the first post in the morning. 'No,'- hp said to himself, without any hesitation in his manner now' — 'no !. --Slio ^is going. down early to that school to-morrow; and I want my dear old '? mammy '? to' lie there on the spot, to give her a welcome, and to let her feel, poor child, that, after all, she is not entering n world of utter strangers! I ani'siire Feo has not the very least idea that Little Slonebury i*„ my property. 1 should just like to see her dear little face when she finds this out to-morrow and realisos all. that it will mean' for Elizabeth ! ' Antony Peile. smiled brightly to. him- self at the thought of the delight ho an ticipated for his cousin. Ho picked up his' lint, drew on his light overcoat again, aiid wiis almost out of the doorway, when his eyes, caught sight oj: a letter lying' on' tlie. niantejslielf, which, his ser vnnt liacl evidently forgotten to place with bis other correspondence. In an instant Sir Antony had picked it up. '? From Dick ! ' lie exclaimed. ' And I never saw it I Where, are my eyes?. I ought to have known that the dear old cliap would he 'sure to write and toll me all about it ! ' He. eagerly tore open the note but the light of' gladness, fade.d Instantly from his face as lie. glanced at tho few word's it contained. Mr: S.aville\ com- munication was brief and business-like, almost curt. ' Dear Tony,'' lie wrote, 'J haye failed ; our terms are absolutely refused. .It.iunst.be tin. aid compact, or we are to be prepared for the consequences. ? You know what that means. There is nothing for you to do, therefore, but. to meet the demands, preposterous as they are. You had better remit me a 'chcquc by return, of. post, and I will have it despatched immediately, unless, of course, yon prefer to attend 'to' the matter your self. I am sorry to have failed, and I wish to Heaven I could see some way for you, out 'of_ this tangle of disgrace and difficulty ; but I cannot discover one. If We can only succeed in, keeping the disgrace at the', other sido of the world, no matter at what cost, wo may count ourselves as being particularly luckj. In. great has.te,. Let mo hear from you ai o'rice. Yoni's ever, Dick.' 'It. was some moments before Anthony Peile moved after lie bad read this com munication. His color had changed to a dull. gray-white that touched even his lips ; only on his brow was there a hot flush,' the J-u twaul sign of ?great,meiital disturbance, a moment of acute terrible trouble. He pressed his hand to his brow and gave a sharp deep sigh ; then he went back mechanically to his writing table. and siit down at it. He opened the Tetter he.Jiad ji;st. written to'Richard Saville, and, unlocking a drawer, drew out his cheque-book.. . After lie had written bis signature at the bottom of a cheque, he sat I' r ,. ome time gazing steadily at it and at the figures he had placed in tho other corner. The sum to be paid was a verv large one — to many indeed it wonitthave signified., a small fortune. Antony Peile w.is not . calculating' the eni'mnt of money this cheque would draw from his bank ing account — it would take niany ?uch sums to make any real difference to him with his large rent-roll. He was look ing rather at the ..ghost of his bright, hap|i)\\_ carel.ess self,. us. he had been o^jy^ a short year and a half before, and he found himself wishing passionately, bit terly, heartily. that it were possible for hint to sacrifice both the wealth anil the position which .brought. ,him such a. liar- vest of envy from the less foitunnle ones of the world, in order to win hack tho happy freedom of heart and brain thatjie oji£e had possessed so absolutely.. It was no now thought ..that came to him now— j-it had seized hinj_ many and maiiy a time ;djij'i^ig the past year — rhut at this 'moment' it struck him with double force. Never hud bis self ' humiliation been so bitter, never hail the bonds that hampered him been So Jer rihle in their tension anil their miserable significance. He was conscious, too, of haviiig.a. fres.h pain at his heart : it was ns though' lie had been (lung, violently back upon himself, and that the hand that thrust him Uncle bereaved him at the same time of a 'comfort that had been with hini all his life — a comfort horn of faith an'l sympathy. He' shivered slightly ns, his eyes rested upon RichnwU. Seville's- w.i;itiug. . 'I'he cold curt ivords hjid'senred his very soul. He could never recall a -moment when be had. felt as he felt now. I.n all that had happened, in the darkest'' hour of ivinor.-o and regret, there had always remained to Antony one bright certainty f-tlie joy of knowing, that he would never be.' jrnlged or condemned -.by .the. man lie liad loved so 'well. When lie would have heaped condemnation upon himself, when the full misery of his folly would develop suddenly into passion*, anri for tho moment get the., better of his .self-control, Dick had always been at liand to calm him, to utter some soft comforting words, to win him back from a stale of unrest to' one of resignation. 'Never before, in all the years of their close companionship, had Richard Sev ille failed in. his' wise ministrations or. pained the ...quick, ? sensitive nature that iijtide Antony l'eile the sweet- hearted ?man. lie was. Never before had lie written sncli n letter a.? the one which now hjyjieiicath the young mail's burn ing miserable eyes. It came so unex pectedly— at such, a strange moment, lie liad anticipated .something so very different when he. had taken up the Jet-, ter.' With his heart full of affectionate thoughts for his 'big brother,' Tuny liad for tin? lime being almost forgotten his own trouble. To have it brought back to him so' coldly',; so.eurlly, wa« lo tiiake it seem ji thousand litpe's worse than it had ever been ; and that it -was Dick ivbo had written those words was something lie could not grasp all at once in its full , meaning. It was as though lie were suddenly separated from his friend aud brother by a wide abyss — nil. abyss of disgrace and difficulty, which nothing could ever bridge or ever makff . less black aiid deep aijd hqrrib,le. Antony P-eile suddenly roused himself from his musings ; a slight sense of re sentment crept into, his mind with re spect to Die.k— it was a feeling, that had novp.v come, to liim before. ..Taking, np' . his pen, he \fr.qto at the bottom of his former letter a brief acknowledgment of ; Mr. S.aville.'s note, then, folding tho cheque, lie plnccd it within his, own let ter, closed it once rtgain, and immedi ately roso to. his fefit. A suddpn desire seized him to destroy the sji.o.rt curt message that bore the, im press of Dick's hand, an.d yot was so utterly uncharacteristic of Dick himself, but ho checked, himself. He could not ; have, defined the motive, that made him pause as ho was aboiit , to destroy tlie letter ; it was evidently duo to the new emotions that Seville's curious coldness had suddenly called iiito existence. In stead of burning the note, he locked it away iij one of his secret drawers ; IhtMi, taking up his., hat, h-? went down tho stnirs and out into the street, which had : a silent eerie look in the gray light of ; the early dawn, ; Fo.i'liow long a time ho walked after 'lie had posted his letter Antony-could never have told. He was wholly un conscious of his moveuients ; lie, recog nised only the fact that walking brought ?with it a^ sensation of relief. lie '.traversed stroot after street in an odd ? mechanical fashion ; the silence of sleep /lay over the great city, the throb and 'rush of its life, were hushed into a great calm. Sir Antony passed a . f?j-; living /beings— a policeman here and there, now jand then a stray pedestrian. Occasion 'ally a cab. would'dash by, liim, ..and some times a cat would cross swiftly in front ;of him aud vanish suddenly. ii\ the. gloom. Q,|ice lie met a string of market carts laden with vegetables, that rattled through the streets with a nois.e that almost unnerved him. Antony was housed from liis waking dream as tho thunder of the waggons rolled away in, the distance. He turned involuntarily down an opening that stretched before him, and walked across a roadway to where some troes swayed gently in, the. faint breeze of the. early morning that was close at hand. All at once lie realised where he was, and came to a sudden stop. He had walked hack, as ill a dream, to Eliza-, beth's old Square garden — the garden she had loved so- well. Ho stood and looked over the old iron gate, and longed to pass through once again, and shut himself away fronj the, world for an hour or so with the trees, and grass., and Howers that,, had been the onl£ participators in Elizabeth's dreams, that, had brightened the one holiday phice in her bleak cold life. It lopped so, peaceful within — even from, where he stood1 the peace seem.ed to come to him ;, the influence of a pure, sivoet, noble girlhood crept to him on the morning air and stole into his thoughts, exorcising the burning ache of past re membrances, and bringing a sense of rest to. his troubled- heart. With a sigh be turned away at last from Elizabeth's .garden ;, the. weariness he had fought against so long took possession of his limbs and brain ; it was with dillicnlty he started to retrace his steps. He went reluctantly, for he would have been hn|-py, in^. a strange dreamy way, if he couli'l have remained by that little iron gate till the day had fully broken. He seemed to feel that Elizabeth would have heen glad if she could have known bow sweet a sense of rest and comfort aud sympathy came to him from the remembr nice of her gentle resignation, of lieiv, helpful calm. It was however impossible for hini to . remain, there; already, the 'morning sky had grown red abi ve the gray ; in another hour the sun. would break over the city. He went slowly out of the Square, and, as he walked away, he looked backwards now and then, as t.ljougli he were bid-, ding farewell to n living .sympathetic presence. It w^s^not likely that Eliza-. Iietli would ever l^now he had been there ;. yet the accidental' visit 'seemed .to hind them even more closely together, and henceforth the thought, of her- would have a las'.'n^ place ami I the sacred' things of. his life aud heart. CHAPPER XIV.-' Tired out though he was, Antony Peile, when he got back-, to .his, room*, did not indulge, .in much sleep. He, .was. up 'again and driving to Charing Cross l:y half-past nine, iu time to catch the first train to bis old homo. The Weariness of body and mind seemed to pass away as lie was carried swiftly through the country in the clear,' smiling, .'.sunny morning. Indeed ho felt almost a thrill of excitement in the remembrance of the duty he had set himself. It was so pleasant to him to think that it was in liis power to do something for Eliza beth. Nothing for a long time past had affordod him so nvjch gratification as the news that the girl's future home was, to. be sp near to his own oarly one. JJo pictured to himself the sympathy and affectionate companionship that were certain to spring up between his beloved aunt and Elizabeth. ' Mammy.. Bertha's influence is-' just what she needs, poor little desolate thing!'' he said, lo himself. ?? I cannoi, 'imagine aiiy mpi'bid or saddening mood holding sway very long if aunt Dertlia is nnywhero nci.r. In a few months I expect' Pep will begin.to be quite happy about. her Elizabeth.'- Filled with such thoughts,., Antony, turned away resolutely from the.skeleton that stood in his life-path. He tried, liard, .too, not. to. think about Richard. Saville, but this, was not so, easy a mat tor. His resentment, over that strange., (?old: letter bad died quickly! ;.;bnt the' painfuLsensation that succeeded the re sentment lingered iu bis heart, and would, not. pass away as readily. There was indced.vtiiiich food for thought as he,, recalled Jiow^piai tors stood now between Saville and 'himself. A few short hours liad brought about, an; extraordinary clnngo .in , tiio close relationship; that existed for so long between his.,'I)ig; brother ' and himself.- Had not Sav iile's letter, warned him of it, Antony .Peile must have become conscious of a difference. The curious silence whi'lc his quondam gunrdjan had maintained touching tiro ninttpr of Mrs. Latimar's, will niid nil that xyas associated with it was §o elnquent o.f a change. It was so uttc,rly tinliko wliat ha liacV reason to ex pect {roil) liis lifelong friend. ;'? , His valot had g;iven Sir Anthony his morning lo1 tors before he started, but ono glaijco was sufficient to show that there was no, second letter from Saville. This marked omission of confidence served, to force home. upon. Tony, hiid lie ? needed ijny additional assurance, that ] his first 'feeling had been a correct one. A dozen reasons might, of course, have licen|;giv|cn .frir ?Dick's reticenco respectT ing his unexpected inheritance ; ''but what explanation could be offered for the curt,, half-careless, ^ whollycontempt uous letter whjch had arrived only a few . hours before, and which had been indited at the 'wry moment when Antony's thoughts had turned to the writer with such sincere increased affection ? It was almost impossible for Antony to liold a single feeling in, his heart for Dick which was not tender, grateful, admiring. TMiq. idea of there being any fickleness i|j; Dick's affection for himself, or any limit to his comprehensive, sympathy,, was something so, far from his i.iiagina !? tion that oven now he found his honest, jjloynl, trusting nature fighting tiucon | sciously against facts. I to' IU! C0NT1ND1!T-. 