MINING. • • It is assumed by miners that wherever there is an aliuvial lead, gold bearing quartz cannot be far distant, . and acting upon this assumption, which isj indeed, now more a deduction ftom experience, Mr Charles Newland lias devoted much time and labour to prospecting at Steel's Creek." where alluvial deposits were discovered and worked a few years ago. Mr Newland may fairly be reckoned a mining ex- \- pert as he has proved himself possessed of a knowledge of mining which can be claimed by few, whilst associated with him is Mr Anderson, who is in the fullest sense of the word a practical miner. The outcome of Mr Newland's labours has been the formation of a company of which Mr S. Smith is the leading spirit, and the erection of a fine-head battery for crushing purposes. Further on at Ghost Gully, Mr Newland has discovered a leader rich in specimens, and a syndicate known as " The Happy-go-lucky syndicate" Steel's Creek, has been formed to prospect the ground. A shaft has been sunk some distance from the surface, and the leader is proved going down almost in a veritical direction and increasing in size as depth is attained. The mine was visited recently by Mr Ghistave Mnhlhan of SteigKtz, a gentleman of great practical experienoe in mining in various parts of the colony, and previously, in tbe treatment of gold -.j- bearing . pnes, _ in . Germany. Mr Mnhlhan was much pleased.with the ' character of the work dope by Messrs Newland and Anderson on behalf of the Syndicate, and he himself took from the bottom of the shaft, which at the time was about 25 feet in depth, some stone which he afterwards . treated in a practical manner, and his opinion is that by the ordinary process of saving gold, the stone would go, at Ie«»sfc one ounce to the ton, whilst there is a possibility of a much larger yield. Mr Muhlhan's estimate is not iiased on an assay, which, in many instances, is misleading, but'from the standpoint of a practical miner. The width of the leader was o:ily about four inches, but even at this size, the stone might be fairly regarded as payable. Should the leader make into a larger reef as the depth increases,; the mice will undoubtedly prove highly renumerative, and it id hoped that there will be sufficient enterprise in the district to sink the shaft to a depth of 60 or 70 feet, as ^ larger development may be expect^ in lower \- levels. Mr Muhlhan has ~been in the employ of the New Mariuer Coy., Steglite, for several years, and he was accompanied by Mr Robert Kll patrick (ex-chainsoan), and Mr W. JTarrell, at Mr' | Muhlhan's report, as it may have the effect of giving confidence to shareholders who have not had the privilege of judging for themselves of the undoubted mining ability and theoritical as well as practical knowledge displayed by Mr Newland and the gentlemen associated with him. The Pioneer company, Hoddles Creek, cleaned up last week for a yield of 79 ounces retorted gold from* 130 tons of stone. A quantity of concentrates have been saved from' the crushing, which, when treated, is expected to bring the yield up to an average of one ounce per ton. 