MELBOURNE, FRIDAY, 14tii October, 1898. By a vote of exactly 3 to 1, or 03 to 21, .tlie Sydney Assembly lias decreed tliafc tho Federal capital must be in New South Wales territory. But-'it requires no ghosts to come from tlie grave to tell jis tlint this resolution is no more respectable than an election squib. In making this demand, the New South Wales ' politicians are merely offering a trifle of incense to King Demos., It flatters New South Welsh- men when the Premier there tells tlidm tliattheyarethehoad and front of Austral asia, the people -who will have to make all the sacrifices for federation, and find all tho cash; and when Mr. Roid. plays these trumps as pnrt of the game to "dish" Mr. Barton, tlie latter has to trump just as high, or find himself minus both tricks and honors. Hence, we find the Opposition leader joining his vote to the .Premier's resolution in . favor ' of the New South Wales claim to have the federal, capital. Tho states- man who lias just declared tlie Con vention Bill to have been given to hint direct from God, as the tables of stone were given to Moses on Mount, Sinni, now finds that the Deity made a mistake about tlie federal capital, as well as about soveral other matters, and that tlie people of Now South Wales are much wiser than Ilcaven. Tho 124th section of the Com monwealth Bill is as follows:— Tlie seat of government of file Com- monwonltli slinl! be determined by tbo Par-" lininent, aud slinll lie wltlilu territory vested' In tbe Commonwealth. The average federalist will still see in that provision tho essence of an equitable federal spirit. It prejudges nothing; but assumes that when the Federal Parlia ment meets and takes wide views of all the circumstances, it will do justice. It does u lilile more still, for iu the provi sion' tliut the capital "shall he within ter ritory vested in the Commonwealth," it inferentialiy guarantees to all the present capital cities that none shall be tukcu to the depreciation of the others, since no' colony would consent to be deprived of its capital. Tlie resolution ns passed by Mr. Reid is as follows: — Capital of tho Connnonwoaltb, concern ing wlilcli tills House desires to submit for tlie consideration of the other colonics tlint clause 124 should be amended, and provision made 111 tlie Bill 'for the establishment of the federal cnpltnl Iu such a place within tho boundaries of New South Wales as a federal Parliament may determine. We shall have no sort of ill-conditioned qunrrcl over this resolution; nor do wo believe that it will stand for art instant iu tlie way of a federal agreement. In deed, other difficulties being composed, it is eertain not to be insisted on, scein" that in the shape proposed it is one that Victoria ..could . never look at, because it leaves the Federal Parliament free 16" choose Sydney and compelled to reject Melbourne. In this colony we are almost entirely , frco from the grasping spirit which is shown in the Sydney resolutions; nor have Melbourne people any strong de sire to see their city made at once two capitals in one— the Australasian Federal capital and the capital of A'ictoria. But then the Victorian people will he just as determined that neither shall Sydney be invested with the federal mctropoli-. tanship. 'There will be no difficulty here ' f.i about the site of tho federal capital, pro vided that tho constitution rigidly de termines beforehand that it be in terri tory independent of any Stale. Anything else than this is an insult to tho federating States. It is a snobbish assumption of leadership and superiority which self-respect ought not to be called upon to tolerate. Fortunately, us we have, .snidy there is no real difficulty behind it. Mr. lteid's diplomatic language submits it only " for the consideration of the other "colonies," 'and tlie other colonics, when they consider it, will know quite well :\vlint to do with it at once. At any rate it is certain' that Victoria will. The people of New South Wales pro fess themselves fearful that as Queens land is standing federally aloof there will not ho given weight enough to tlie geo graphical' position of the mother colony. That fear is not altogether unreasonable. But then tlie delay which has taken place, and the still -further delay which is now inevitable, will give Queensland the time she requires for ranging alongside the other federating colonies. West Aus tralia, which lind much to do wiLli muddl ing, the Convention Bill, never luul' any serious thoughts of accepting it. But in place of tlie western cojony wo may rea sonably expect, to include tho north- east ern one. In that case it will bo most rea sonable timt the .federal capital shall be fixed sufficiently inland to be convenient to the eastern colonies; but the Sydney seaboard would be not only the least cen tral, but tlie most exposed to attack, and climatically tlie least endurable of any of tlie cities of Australia. Mr. Reid still harps on the "sacrifices" which Sydney will be called upon to make for federation. This justifies Ids enemies in accusing him of . being reluctantly driven to what lie seems to consider his doom, rather than loading lighthenrtedly to a gloiioii9.ini tionn I goal. A true fede ralist does not regard federation from tlie solo standpoint of "sacrifice." lie sees more of guerdon than of loss iu it. But Mr. Reid lias incautiously - let - slip what the nature of the "sacrifice" is which is alwuvs in his mind. He says he used to be cold to federation because lie foresaw that it would threaten the abolition of his free- trade dream and tho -vision of a "free "port" at Sydney. That is what liis critics always alleged— that his rush. of a frec- trndc tariff was conceived in an anti- fcdcral spirit; and this is plainly tlie greatest of tho "sacrifices" which lie thinks Sydney . will bo called upon to make. As a matter of fact it is no sacri fice at all, since were. federation out of the way, Mr. Lyne is quite prepared to lend a protectionist innjority that would crumple up the "free port" theory like a burnt scroll. If it come to a question of fiscal sacrifice, this colony has far more at stake in the future of federation than Sydney has. For the first lime in thirty years we have now operating in this col ony a protectionist tariff which, though not quite perfect, lias move scientific cx- notnessabout it than any which has gone before. It fits our circumstances. With tlie advent of federation we shall have to take our chance in tho Federal Parliament amidst' the clash of many new interests, some of them perhaps opposed to our local ones. But we are prepared for that, cer tain that the Federal Parliament must le gislate on protectionist lines, so that while we may loso in ono direction we may hope to gain in another.. The recent attempt on the part of the City Council to disband the army of itin erant flower sellers, and expel them from the streets, lms' resulted in failure. Sub mitted to the test of a Supreme Court decision, the "move on" clause of the city regulations lias bccu found wanting. Charles Ryan, one of tho flower selling fraternity, has successfully appealed against a conviction by the City Bench, Who hold him guilty of a broach of tho by-law which prohibits an obstruction of cuniagc or foot ways by persons loitering thereon, "" and for .this lie will doubtless receive tlie plaudits of his rivals in tlie flower business. While engaged in the sedulous and vociferous pursuit of his oc cupation in the busy thoroughfare of Su anston-strcot llyaii was directed by a constable to. "move on." He appears to have obeyed the injunction in the letter, if not in the- spirit' of it, for lie removed himself and li is wares a few yards off, and .then returned to his original location. Police court proceedings were then taken against him on the information of tho constable, and he was duly charged before a bonch of .magistrates with nn offence against the by-law. The gravamen of tlie charge preferred against the. accused was that, contrary to the by-law, lie had ob structed a public carriage way by loiter ing thereon. Tlie justices on tlie evidence before them came to tho conclusion that the by- lnw had been infringed, nnd tlie defendant was convicted; The correctness or otherwise of the justices' decision turned upon tlie meaning . of the word "loiter" as used in tho by-law, for although it .was eVident' that an obstruc tion had been caused, yet if that was not due to tlie 'defendant's loitering, his con duct would not bo obnoxious to tlie by law. The defendant was at the time com plained of in tho active and energetic pur suit of his business, and' tlie activity and energy that the street flower seller exhi bits need hardly be proved by witnesses, for.it is a matter of. common knowledge. Could lie then bo "said to be loitering in such circumstances? The magistrates evidently thought that lie could, but Mr. Justice Hodges, when asked to decide the question on appeal from the justices, was of a contrary opinion. In assisting the court to arrive at tho true meaning of the word "loiter," resort was had to tho great English lexicographer. Dr. Johnson defines tlie word as meaning "to linger, to spend time carelessly, to "idle." 'Mr. Justice Hodges has placed tlio_ hall-mark of a judicial decision upon this definition. In his Honor's opinion a" "certain amount of inactivity is implied in loitering — an; absence of energy is an essen tial ingredient in tlie performance. No one who has any experience of the street flower seller could fairly aecuse hiin of inactivity in his movements, or of an ab sence of energy- in pressing his wares upon the public. On tlie. contrary, tiie charge that is sometimes laid against him is that lie exhibits an excess of eagerness, and too great lung power. Our City Fathers would appear to have some difficulty in drafting a by- law wbich shall he effective in enforcing tlie "move "on" principle. A couple of years ago the lawyers were successful in picking a hole in the regulation for which the one un der consideration on Wednesday is n sub stitute. A gentleman was standing on the footpatli intently engaged in perusing tlie results of a cycle race that were exhibited in a shop window, when tlie ubiquitous Policeman X came along and in vain re quested him to move on. A bench of magistrates subsequently held that a breach had been committed of a by-law of thc,Oity Council, wliieh prohibited per-, sons from standing or loitering upon the footways. On appeal to Mr, Justice Hood it was hold that tlie by-law was unreason able, and. wider than the statutory powers conferred on tho council allowed, inas much as its operation was not limited to oases where the person standing or loiter ing 'caused an obstruction. In view, of that decision, which rendered tlie by-law prac tically useless nnd inoperative, the City Council repealed it, and in its place sub stituted that under which tlie street flower sellers have been proceeded against. Here again 'the authorities have run against another difficulty, wliieli is a practical ruthcr thnn a technical one. The by-law as amended is not unreasonable, and is within the powers conferred upon tho council, yet when it is attempted to be enforced against a particular class of per sons it fails. Perhaps the civic authori ties will make one' more effort to pro vide n.'rcguhilhm which will effect the ob ject tlicy apparently have in view. At present nt any rate tlie victory belongs lo the "objectionable" flower sellers. 