I. I,E&lSXiATlV33; ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, OCTOBER ll. 4.30. ~Tue SPEAKER took the Cliair. The COLONIAL TBGASOBSB laid on. the* table a copy of an indenture which it wai proposed should be signed by the Govern- ment with regard to the agreement made between the Government and Millar's Kairi and Jarrah Forests/Limited, some years ago; an addendum to the Woods and / Forests Annual Eeport for 1897-8; and the \- report of the Registrar of Patents, Designs j :*aud Trádé1tttófi£ori8B7. ?. . The COLONIAL TEEASUEEB-^gaye notice of the introduction, at the next sitting, of a Zoological Gardens Bill. QUESTIONS. Mr. WILSON asked the Colonial Treasurer when it ÍB expected that the new cemetery will be "ready, ana the neces- sary arrangements made to close the old Cf3 in ctoricß F The COLONIAL TREASURER replied : It is expected that the new cemetery will be ready about the beginning of next yeai', and as soon as it is the arrangements for closing the old cemetery will be proceeded with. " Mr. QUINLAN asked the Colonial Treasurer : *{1) Whether he is aware that a large amount of land has been taken up in the Goomalling district in the expecta- tion of railway facilities being provided for the settlers ? (2) Whether it is the in- tention of the Government at an early date to construct such a railway? (8) If. not, whether the Government are prepared to remit-the rents of such settlers until such railway facilities have been pro vided ? The COLONIAL TREASURER replied : (1) I have been so informed; (2). The Government is unable to do so this year ; (8) The Government' regret _ being unable to do so. GOLDFIELDS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The order ef the day for the third reading of the Bul was postponed till the following day. THE ESTIMATES. " In the absence of the Chairman of Com- mittees, the Speaker was voted to the ; Chair. Item-His Excellency the Governor, £1,055. Mr. OLDHAM congratulated the hon. member for Central Murchison on the explicit manner in which he had placed before the House the state of the finances. He could not congratulate the leader of the Government in this respect, because he believed that the hon. member for Central Murchison had thoroughly exposed the absurd ideas which were put forward as an announcement of the financial policy of tiie Government. The fact that there - had been a deficit of £166,000 at the end of the last financial year was an extremely serions matter. H they could imagine that this result was brought about by circumstances over which the ^ Govern- ment had mo control, there might have been some excuse, but even then the country could reasonably regret that the affairs of the country had been placed in the hands of persons who showed such au utter want of knowledge of the conditions of the Australian colonies, and had displayed such deplorable ignorance of finance. Was it not, he asked, a fact that if the finances of the country had been properly placed before the House, it would hare been impossible for the Govern- ment to have pledged the Legislature of the country to the expenditure of the vast amount of money involved in the Cool- gardie water supply scheme. Practically all the security of the country had been pledged^ to the carrying out of this scheme thus placing all our eggs in ene basket, and preventing the carrying out of other important works. The policy of the Government wasaMicawber one-it was a ..policy in which the ^Government was waiting for something to turn up. He characterised as disingenuous the argument of the member for Coolgardie that many of the works charged against revenue might have been charged against loan. He took it they ought only charge to loan moneys such works as were reproductive. Mr. MORAN: Railways. Mr. OLDHAM: They could net» how- ever, charge such works as the Niagara dam. It would be unfair to charge to loan account, and thus burden posterity with expenditure which was the result of the reckless extravagance of one Department. Moreover, to add to the indebtedness of thé colony hythe amount cf this deficit,-or t a portion of it, would have the - effect,' he contended, of seriously impeding theefforts of the colony to borrow in íhe London market. He blamed the Government for the present state of the finances which had made the recent attempts to raise a loan a howling failure. He was not vilifying the colony The COLONIAL TREASURER: «Oh, no." (Laughter.) Mr. OLDHAM was not vilifying the colony. He. believed in its resources, and in the magnificent position they were, achieving by the goldfields.. Yet what was the present state of affaira P They had commercial depression, a deficit in their finances, a decrease in the population owing to the excess of departures to the extent of 900 over the arrivals. Those people capitalised at £500 per head meant a loss of almost half a million of money. Till the colony saw a complete reversal of the Government policy it would net regain its prosperity. Mr. MITCHELL remarked that they had just heard another of those -wails they were accustomed to from the Opposition. He admitted there tras a deficit, and that the finances were in a condition" which would need careful hBudlingfbut he saw no cause ; for alarm. He considered that the' aboli- tion of the dual ~ tide in gold leases would doa great deal to push the colony ahead. ; When they came to consider the public debt, which was large, tbey f bund that of i the. total amount £5,047,261 had been spent on railways, an average of - -£5.088 per utile. At the present time there were 1,367$ miles of railway open, or one mile for every 125 inhabitants of the colony the largest average peir^head of any country at the present time. They had the Fremantle harbour works, which gave great facilities for shipping/ and had spent a large amount upon reser- voirs, public buildings, and other works for the development of the country. Coming to the Estimates, Parliament had now been in session four months, and not one item had been passed owing to the extreme eapacity^for speech possessed by th* mem- bers on the opposite side. Mr. MORAN had been disappointed 5.30 by the decrease in the population. Regarding the finances, he thought it waB unfair to burden the present gene- ration with the expenditure on works which would be handed on to the generations coming after. He held that not only rail- ways, but public buildings-even a Par- liament House or a Supreme Court-ought to be chargeable on loan, and therefore in a degree to posterity. He denied that population formed the basis of a loaii. If that were so, India and China-ought to be able to borrow larger sums than England, and yet they knew it was not the case. Other circumstances had to be taken into consideration. He contended that with the exception of the Coolgardie water scheme, the public works policy of the Go- vernment was done. The COLONIAL TREASURER For how long ? Mr. MORAN said for the next five or six years: That being so, it was for them to go in for a social and industrial policy, aiming at populating the railway lines, and the different villages, encouraging local in- dustries, and indeed the time had come when they should be prepared to face the question whether they would be a protec- tionist or free trade colony. There were the lands in the Avon Talley and: along ? the railway Hue through Guildford, Beverley, and Katanning. The time had come when they should see that the men who held these lands should be made to cultivate them or sell them, or else be taxed in respect of them. Those who held the chief stoke in the colony were not those who were on the goldfields, because if the fields petered out the people on the fields would leave at once. It was the other * Western Ans fcralians who held the chief stake, and who would be responsible for the finanoes of the colony, and these were with the Government. He recommended to the Government that for the future it should charge all permanent and reproductive works to loan ; that it should be con- tented with a revenue of £2,000,000, which was a princely one; and that instead of allowing a deficit to appear next year, it should borrow the necessary money to wipe it off, for it was inadvisable to have a ^deficit appearing'each year. Mr. VOSPER congratulated the mem- ber for the Cenizal Murchison in the clear exposition he gave bf thet unfortunate financial position the colony found itself in after seven years unprecedented pros- perity. _ They had a deficit of nearly £200,000, and a large amount of stores credited, which he did not think was fair. It depreciated in value, and was not a fair kind .of asset. Our power of borrowing would be exhausted by our present obligations, and the power of tax . ation was decreasing with the de **. creasing population. There was a probability of a larger deficit in the re- venue next year. The COLONIAL TREASURES Tell us what is the reason. Mr. VOSPER was not sufficient finan- cier to de so, but he thought there must be something horribly at fault with the administration of the colony, when it was landed in such a position after seven years of unexampled prosperity. ' Year by year, when they had a credit.balance, tho Colonial Treasurer under-estimated his revenue; and. now, when they had a deficit, they found the .Premier over- estimated the revenue. Yet, on the other hand, the member for Central Murchison had, year by year, been more accurate iu his estimate. He criticised several other points in the speech of the member for Coolgardie, and differed from him iu his view that the water scheme would be the panacea for the ilia the fields suffered. Until they had a lower taxation per head, they would not see the colony prosper. Re- garding the article in the Times, which the hon, member said had been inspired or prompted by Mr. Bargigli Mr. MORGANS: Through another. Mr. VOSPER: If that were so. thea Mr. Bargigli had done us a good turn. The Times bad merely uttered a friendly warning. Mt. MOEGANS : It was presumptuous. Mr. VOSPER, though}; it was not .pre- sumptuous of such a great paper. He did not think that Mr. Bargigli had anything to do with it, hut rather that it was a friendly word of caution given to them. He did not wish to make too much of it, but the Leederville municipality had been unable to raise a loan of £7,500 a fe ir days ago, while a couple of years back it would probably have been raised quite easily, Thiswas a sign of the times, and another was the fact that out of a loan of £69,000 for which the Perth, municipality went on the market a few days ago, only £47,000 were subscribed. The terms were such that the money could not be borrowed below par, and only £26,500 of the £47,000 were at par or slightly above it. The re- maining £20,500 were below par. That was bad enough, but when they found, that of the £26,500 £20,000 came from the Government Savings Bank, it showed that the total public subscription was £6,500. These were signs of the times, and helped to show there must bs something radically wrong in the administration of -the affairs of the colony. Mr. SOLOMON thought it was the duty of the House to do all it could to help the colony out of its present condition. He did not think the Coolgardie water scheme had had anything to do with the present de- pression. He regretted to hear the result of the city loan, and it showed how different was the position of the colony last year, when Fremantle had been able to raise a loan of £35,000 at 4 per cent, and a premium of 2s. (td. At the same time, the depression was, in bis opinion, ouly tempo- rary, and though there might be a deficit at the end of the present year, it would be found that the depression had almost if not entirely gone. 6.30. The CHAIRMAN left the Chair. 7.35. The CHAIRMAN resumed the Chair. Mr. WILSON, in referring td the Colonial Treasurer's Budget speech, wished it to bB clearly understood that he was not 'at ali disheartened with regard to the future of Western Australia. Ho believed in the country and her resources. At the Bame time, it was open to every member of the House, as well as every ,cemmercial man in the community, to criticise the position of the Ministry and the adminis- tration of the Forrest Government. He had been rather struck, while he was listening to the Budget speech of tho Premier, with the fact that he (the Premier) had not that buoyancy of manner which they had been accustomed to-he appeared to have lost confidence in himself. He (Mr. Wilson) would deal with the admissions of the Premier. He had stated that in his opinion the Government had spent more than they should have doue; that the estimates of expenditure on railways were far too large for one year ; that the medical vote had increased in a way not wholly justifiable; that the vote for hospitals had increased in a way that he could not understand; that some of the hospitals must be closed if the people would not support them-, aud he had made a very serious charge against some of these hospitals, namely, tliat they were simply for the pur- pose of giving employment to doctors and secretaries, or to get the expenditure of money. Lastly ho had admitted that the expenditure on public works bad. grown too large, and that it was their duty to maintain the credit of the colony. They had had the loan fiasco, concerning which they had been warned by financial authorities, and he quoted from the Globe, the Financial Times, and the Economist, the latter paper having referred to the Coolgardie water scheme as a work that should be abandoned. They would be act- ing in a very absurd manner if they per- sisted in closing their ears to' these warn ings of the financial authorities in London. Ii they did not heed them they could hope for nothing less than disaster. Individuals in the colony had done their duty, and he congratulated the commercial men of the community upon their enterprise. They had done their best to open up'and develop the country, and he believed that if they bad been given greater scope they would not have had a cloud of depression hanging over them now, and which the right hon. Premier said existed. The MiriistryTfSB got the boom fever two or three years ago that had affected private persons, and had launched out into an extravagant expendi- ture and wastefulness which had brought them to their present position. They had a small population-of 170,000, and could not do with less than a revenue pf three millions. They had carried on the business of this colony in a style which would be ex- travagant for a country five times as large as Western Australia. He could not help being struck with the challenge that had been thrown out by the Premier when he said that no one couldgather-f rom bie state- ments that there was a cloud on the Horizon, for he (Mr. Wilson) felt that in making ' the admissions to which he had referred, he had shown that there was a cloud. They had spent too much money and had practically exhausted the credit of the colony ; they had a deficit of £186,000, au admitted cessation of the influx of foreign capital, a falling- off in the population, and a number of unemployed, as was evidenced by the crowds of men whom they saw seeking employment at the gates of the factories of the colony! They were all o sorry to have to make statements of this sort, and back them up with arguments, but it was better to thresh suoh difficulties out, to look at them from a pessimistic as well as an optimistic point of view. The leader of the Opppsi-~ tion had warned the Premier last session of what he might expect, and the hon. member for Central Murchison had stated that the Government were going the straight way to a " black Wednesday." They now found that they had reached a black Wednesday to some extent; that 413 civil servants had been dis- pensed with, or would be dispensed with at the end of the year. That was a matter for serious consideration. Instead of cutting down the expenditure, nearly all the revenue that had been re- ceived had been expended. The " borrow and spend" policy of the Government had been continued, and even now the pro nosed expenditure for the present financial year amounted to a taxation of about £18 per bead. He contended that tbe country was not able to stand such excessive taxa- tion as that. No amount ef public build- ing and mileage of railways and expendi- ture on harbours could be considered a good asset unless they had the popula- tion in the country as well. There had been built recently many magnificent public buildings, including the additional wing to the public offices in Perth, the post and telegraph office at Broome, the public offices at Geraldton and at Albany, and the post and telegraph office at Guild- ford. In the case of the" latter building a corner store would have answered the re- quirements just as well. Then there was the Boyal Mint, estimated to cost £15,000, but the cost of which he believed had been nearer £50,000, while the quarters for the Government Astronomer were on much too extensive a scale. Many of the public works which had been erected had been built on too large lines, and unless the population of the colony largely increased they could not be looked upon as a really good asset. In years , to come they would ba>referred to as monuments to tue folly and'extravagenceTjf the Forrest Ministry. With regard to the deficit of £186,000, he would welcome it if it would prove a check on the extravagance of the Forrest Govern- ment. He, however, bad no faith in that result being brought about; and he de- plored the fact that there were some £2,650,000 worth of the colony's. Treasury bills floating about. The COLONIAL TREASURER : That shows how ignorant you are. You ought to know a little About the colony. Mr. WILSON: How .many Treasury bills are current at the present moment ? The COLONIAL TREASURER One and a hah7 millions.. Mr. WILSON : Then you have to redeem one and a half millions^ in a year or two. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Some inthree years.7 > Mr. "WILSON: Well, in three yea«. Then you have, in addition to that, to raise a million to pay for the Coolgardie water scheme pipes, to say nothing of the : other works. Then you also have to find the money for yoiir reappropriations and' - ? for your "deficit, amounting to one anda half millions more. Thus there are four millions of money that you have to raise within the next three years. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Not so much as that. Mr. WILSON: Well, say 3fc years. I think it will be uearar fire millions. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Wo only have one and a hali millions of authori- sations aliothn; esc2j)tiug the Treasury bills. Mr. WILSON: You cannot get- away ^ from the fact that we have to raise four raillions of money within the next three n years. The COLONIAL TREASURER : I deny r * that absolutely. You really don't know anything about it. Mr. WILSON, continuing, contended that the inflow of British capital into the goldfields had to a very larg3 extent bean - curtailed by unsatisfactory mining laws. The Government ought to encourage private enterprise wherever possible, ia / order to assist' them to open up and - J*, develop the country. A oublie worki * «3 board also ought to bo established, so that" when railway proposals came before Par- liament they should not be brought for- ward by the Ministry on their own recom- mendation alone, and then abandoned, as had been the policy of the present session. It would be a good day for the colony if such a board were appointed. It was also a source of regret that the estimate of the increase in the population was not being maintained. - As a matter of fact the -population had actually decreased last month by as many as it had increased by during the previous - quarter. Mr. MORAN: A good job! ; Mr. WILSON: It was a bad job. Mr. MORAN-. It saved them from ct3!.ririn(r. Mr. WILSON said tuts decrease in the - population was the most serious matter the , Souse had to face, and if possible, rectify. - In his opinion, instead of encouraging thousands of civil servants to flock hera to r * secure employment, the Government should have economically administered the affairs of the country and let other people attend to the speculative business. Then they would not have the enormous taxation of to-day, and they could then have devoted the revenue to the reduction of taxation, ~ making liviug cheaper. But what had they dene? They had spent something like £800,000 out of revenue last 8.30. year on permanent public works He contended that the estimate of revenue for the current year was largely over-stated. The Customs revenue would be £100,000, and possibly a larger «um. less than last year; and as the Customs had a direct bearing on the railway revenue, they must expect that the railway revenue would also-be below the estimate. The more the Government wanted to carry on the expensive departments, the more they estimated to receive. He thought tbat they would have next year a deficit which would probably exceed half a million. He hoped that the retrenchment would not stop at the rank and file of Government servants, but that the pruning knife would be applied to the higher ranks as well. He would like to see the affairs of the Depart- - ments inquired into "by select committees - y" of the House. The COLONIAL TBE ASÜßEE said that he was sure that they had all listened with much attention to the hon. member who /K had just sat down,- and if his observations ' might seem to be directed to that bon. gentleman and others who had just spoken, it would be because their speeches were more fresh in hie memory. The hon. member had told them a good deal about :. extravagance. Most ef them would agree that it was a very bad thing to bs extrava- gant. But he remembered that some years ago, when they.were in the boom times, the hon. member was one of'those who led an attack on the Government because they had not provided sufficient rolling stock for the requirements of that time. That necessitated the expenditure of more 'than a million of money. It necessitated the expenditure of haifa million of money without the authority of Parliament, in order to meet the require- ments of'the colony. The hon. member"., was one of those blaming the Government because they had not seen far .enough ahead-(hear, hear)-because they had not seen far enough to cope with the extra- ordinary circumstances of that-time. If afterwards the Government had tried to cope with the difficulties which beset them, and had tried to look into the future, it was fortunate that they had not over- stepped the mark, but it seemed that the hon. member was now on the otherside charging them with extravagance. ' . Mr. WILSON : You have gone to the other extreme now. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that it was claimed that they had over- stepped the mark, bat before he sat down he would endeavour to show that they had done nothing of the kind. In making his financial statement he had always desired to give a history of the colony. -He had always desired that anyone who took up the speech which he had had the honour of delivering to the House should b's able to judge for himself of the position of .almost, if not every industry in the colony, . . . of its developments during, {the past year, and of its prospects in the future. He dealt with the finances, questions relating to the tariff, "th* developments of the products of the soil, the great gold-^ mining industry, and the debt of the~^ colony, in fact with every single subject. that one" desired to kntow about if one . wished to become acquainted with the " "^f actual position pf our affairs. One might ; ' expect those who criticised the .financial statements to deal with some of theques tions, if not with alL dealt with" *- 1 by the Treasurer. One might expect that they, would refer -to the various industries, criticising some and praising '-rv others.._ One might expect that those who; ' £ took apon themselves to form an Opposi- tion /would have something to say with regard to the vanóos industries that went to make up this great colony. He asked . hon. members if they had received from the gentlemen opposite anything of the kind. , On the contrary, they seemed to have held a brief to try and attack the colony and to say as ranch, as they possibly Could, within moderate bounds, with re . gard to the maladministration of the affairs of the colony by the Government, jThp hon. member for the Canning had told -jbhem that the colony was all right. He j ;Was very much obliged to the hon. member xor that. He hoped that that part of his I speech would be printed in large letters, ~ and that some other parts of his speech would bo printed in very small letters. He generally found, however, that those parts of a speech by members of the Opposition which reflected on the stability "cf the country, or ou the administration of affairs by the Government, got a great 4Heal more prominence in the Press, not only here, but elsewhere, than those parts which said to the contrary. Tho hon. member had told them that there was a depression in the colony, lie (the speaker) . had referred to it in the speech which he : flelivered on August 18. But he did not cay, á6 the hon. member made him say, -, that there were no clouds upon the horizon. ' nwhat he said was that lie could not dis ? tänguishthem. He could not see, in looking ' round about the colony, and looking at its ?anons industries, a black cloud. When se looked at the agricultura!, pastoral ¿nd timber industries, and at the great jftld-mining industry, he was more than satisfied. He found himself in ;Á .difficulty to account for the depression j -, :frhzch had been said toexist. He had not : "«èardfrom the hon. member'opposite, the [hon. member for Central Murchison, Say . jgood reason for .this depression. It was ^Sftid that it was due to. maladministration .fin the .part of the Government-(hear, hear)-^that the Government had brought jajl this upon the country. He would be 3¡$le to refer directly to some arguments adduced in favour of that proposition. He only asked from the hon. member, if the Government were to be blamed for this matter, that they should be. told in what Way. During last year the Government spent til ree and a quarter millions of money out of the revenue and nearly two millions (that was, £1,900,000) eut ef '-loan, making a total of over five millions. ;_ This was, of course, not all spent in the colony, as some was sent away for rolling stack and for other things. -'With this ex- penditure it was strange, and it required a good deal more care 'and consideration v than the hon. gentleman had given it, to . know why last year the revenue was less : ; than that ef the year before. Puring'the year ending, on June .30, 1897, they only \ had a million pounds worth of gold ex- ported. The population was smaller, the .expenditure wasfar less j and still for that year the revenue pf the colony, was greater ;, - than for the year ending on June 30,1898, in which year the Government, as he had . said,-had spent over five millions of money. Mr. WILSON : Over-expenditure. The COLONIAL TBBASUEEB: Can the hon. member tell me that the spending Of money causes-a depression? Mr. WILSON: You cannot make a country prosperous by public expenditure. The GOLÓNIAL TBEA3UEER said that he differed from the hon. member. It should be prosperous for the time they were spending the money. He wished to point out that when they were spending a million more out of the revenue than they did the year before, the revenue of th» colony was less. Mr. ILLING WOETH : Well, how do you account for it? Tho COLONIAL TREASÜBEB said that he would like the hon member to have told him that. But the hon. member pre- ferred to present a statement in which he ' V tried io show, ead to his own satisfaction did ¿how, that the Treasurer had always been wrong and that he himself was always right. *He forget to tell them that he always bsd the -Treasurer's Estimates before him $o criticise before he formed his own; and this time he had had the advantage of speaking two months after . the Budget speech was delivered - Mr. ILLING WOETH : My figures were written down before your Budget speech was delivered. \- The COLONEL TEEASUEEE said that he supposed the hon. member would have revised them since. He was glad the hon. member could see so far. It showed how far the hon. member could seo int» the future. He was sure that no one who bad listened to the speeches that evening- he would deal directly with those delivered the . other evening-could have been otherwise than disappointed There was no fear that anything which the bon. member.for North Perth or even the hon. member for the Canning Eaid would he rained in this colony at more than was due to the position those gentlemen occu ... pied in the colony, and to the opinion the people of the. colony had of them. They . would be taken, no doubt, at what they were worth, and everyone would judge for himself. But beyond the limits of this oolony'what they said would not be taken ' as being in any way associated with those jgentleinen, but as coming from mem Jpèrs : of Parliament occupying seats [ott the Opposition side of the HouseT hnd -the speeches wou^d thus have ?an exaggerated effect. He .would say to those gentlemen who had . said so much -«bout the administration, of this Govern ,jjDDient4uring the last seven or eight years, ^ ^at something might hare been expected I ""Ifrom .them in the way of generosity with 'regard to the exertions made by hon. mern* jimers Bitting on the Treasury benches, and ¿Iso by hon. members sitting on the Gov- ernment side of the House. He asked them whether, in the speeches they had . made that night they had acted altogether .;i|aMy, orin any'way generously to those . who'bad tried to. do their best for the ^colony, as far as their ability would allow them, during the past seven cr eight years. ' If they were to look back on the colony as ^?i^i^ 'jBmin or,, eight>years ago, and. ^^g&|^^^^^^^ft^^^nt ;^p6sition, ' would they not bo able to say that whatever the demerits of the those who had had the administration of its affairs, they had at any rate made the colony a very different place to what it had been at that time ? Mr. OLDHAM : Didn't the people do that? Mr. ILLINGWORTH : Did the Govern ment make the country ? The COLONIAL TREASURER : Surely the administration of the Government has reflected on the country. Their policy had built railways throughout the country, and had provided water and erected public buildings all over the colony. Whose policy was that? Had that anything to do with the administration of the Govern- ment, or was it due to the people, who had very little to do with guiding the destinies of the colony ? Mr. OLDHAM : You pulled 9 through the bicyclist who came the other day, I suppose ? The COLONIAL TREASURER : If I did not, I showed him the way 20 or 30 years ago. (Laughter.) The hon. mem- ber bad, Sir John continued, told them, their public buildings were too good, and that they had been too extravagant in building them, although he said they were to last 500 years. His idea was that in a colony in such a position as this, and with j great possibilities, and the eyes of the! world upon it during the last seven years, j it would ill become them to put up paltry buildings-(hear, hear)-and that when they were about it, having faith in the future, they ought to putwa¿uilding6 com- mensurate with those possibilities. After all their buildings were net as a rule so good as those of other countries, not better situated, not. so well situated some of them, as this country. Seeing they had been able to build them out of current revenue, and they were not charged upon the people of the future, and that the tariff . was not greatly altered, he thought they had done well to take advantage of the money they had to make this country more habit- able and more convenient to the people who lived in it. If anyone wanted to know what the Government and the Par- liament-he would even include the hen. members opposite (laughter)-had done during the last seven years he would, in the words of Sir Christopher Wren's epitaph in St. Paul's, say, "If you seek a monument, look around." (Hear, hear.) Mr. MITCHELL : Well done. Premier! The COLONIAL TREASURER said that his hon. friend, the member for Central Murchison, whom he desired to thank for his generous allusions to himself personally -and he might say that taking the hon. member generally he was as a rule of a generous disposition, certainly in dealing with individuals, and by ins abstention from personal criticism set an example to them all-still his hon. friend was not, he thought, fair in his criticism of the Colonial Treasurer and the Government. The hon. member told them that all the trouble that had come to the colony was due to their bad administration and bad management. He spoke about the depres- sion, the falling revenue, his own good estimate of-the revenue; but the hon. member told them little on the other side. He did not tell them about the gold increase and its possibilities, or wax eloquent about it. No one could have done it better than he did. Why did he not wax eloquent about the future ? Mr. ILLINGWORTH : Because you did it, and it was not necessary. The COLONIAL TREASURER should like a great financial mind like that ef the hon. member to tell them why, with a vast expenditure of money last year, the revenue should haye fallen below that of the previous year when the revenue was a million less and the gold a million less. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I told you we were getting to the normal state. The COLONIAL TREASURER could j not see it. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: We have given up the champagne drinking,and are getting to the normal condition. The COLONIAL TREASURER: The hon. member said they were taxed to the extent of £16 per head. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : I did not. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Well, I the hon. member opposite did. He forgot to tell them they spent to the extent of £30 a head at the same time. He only dealt with his side of the question, and not with the other side. Ii the hon. member aspired to a prominent position as a mem- ber of the House he would net find mem- bers willing to listen to him and give bim the credit he desired unless he looked on both sides cf the question. The reason why this depression came upon them was the withdrawal or stoppage of the inflow of foreign capital. It was because the foreign investor MT. MORAN : And th© Australian in- vestor. Th© COLONIAL TREASURER: The whole lot either stopped the introduction of capital or were not sending it very quickly. There were a good many reasons for it. He agreed with the member for the Canning that their mining laws had something to do with it. It was not the fault of the people or those who had taken a leading part in the politics, of the country, so much as it was due to the clamour of the people who thought they knew best about it. The colony bad no lave of its own in 1886 to go upon, and had to depend on members opposite, who thought they knew something about it. They also listened too much to those who werej3uffering from undue prosperity and to a lot of agitators given to riotous behaviour'once on the goldfields, who theught they were suffering a real hard- ship. Mr. MORAN : Thev are still there. The COLONIAL TREASURER : They introduced into their goldfields laws a system which gave no security to capital, and he wonld like to say to those in the House and out of it, having the whole world-for their investment, would they invest their, money in this colony if they had no security P The reason why so much had been invested to such an extent in .the colony since 1895 was that the people who did so did not know the -conditions .under which they had invested it. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : No connection at all. It was the wild cats. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Would they invest it in a country with that inse- curity of tenure, or where it was found that people were rioters, and even the Premier of the colony could not go there without being hustled and maltreated? (Hear, hear.) There was another reason the wailings of members on the other side of the House, which was carried-ali over the colony, and outside it. Mr. MORGANS : The Mayor of Kalgoor- lie, for instance, sir. The COLONIAL TREASURER was talking of the members opposite. (Laugh- ter.) He knew they did not wish to injure the colony, in which all their interests lay. They waated to promoto its interests, but seemed to have a desire to attack the Go- vernment, and in doing so did not care to what lengths they went. Mr. MORAN : That is politics. The COLONIAL TREASURER: It was not good. A gentleman recently returned from London told him the speeches made at the beginning of this session did a great deal of harm in England, owing to their pessimistic tone regarding the finances of the colony. Those wailings and pessimistic speeches, and the traducing, of the Go- vernment and.the colony, did the coleny a lot of harm, or, if they had not, ought to have done so, because, if he had money to invest and read such speeches as were de- livered by -the member for the Canning and North Perth, he should have been so far influenced by them as to take time to consider whether it was worth while te invest money in such a country. Mr. WILSON : If it will make you more cautious, it will do good. The COLONIAL TREASURER: It will de rou a lot of harm ia the meantime. Mr. WILSON : I will chance it. The COLONIAL TREASURER: One good thing that had come out of it all was that it had brought them all to their senses. It had brought the agitator to his senses. Better than that, the people were coming to their senses and would not listen to them, and you could trust the people when it was brought home to them. They were determined to judge for themselves, and to judge wisely. " He joined with his friend the member for Canning in his satisfaction that the Mining Bill had passed the Assembly, and he hoped and believed it would pass in another place. It seemed to bim, looking back upon the history of all this trouble, and; what they called the dual title, it was absurd and strange that they should have gone BO far te destroy security of tenure in their desire to secure to the alluvial diggers their rights and privileges when they could have given them all that was necessary very easily. He was glad to say they too were coming to their senses, and it was gratifying to him to know they had almost a unanimous Assembly in the matter, and the people on the fields were with him. The member for Central Murchison had a good deal to 6ay about the amount per head of their public debt. He was accurate with regard to what their public debt would be when their authorisa- tion was exhausted-about ll£ millions but he went on to say he knew it would not be less, than 2¿ years before it was ex- hausted- but the hon. member went on to say their indebtedness would be £70 per head. Was that a fair way to put the proposition F Was it fair-their indebted- ness being Iii millions in 2£ years, and their population being 170,000 at the pre- sent time-to divide 170,000 into what their indebtedness would be ? The hon. member estimated there would be no increase in their population. He knew their population was made up of some- thing like one-half adult males, all wage earners, who were capable of sustaining a much burger public debt and paying a much larger revenue. The hon. member knew it, but said nothing about it. """""" Mr. ILLINGWORTH: Yes I did. I said onr population would rise to 200,000. The COLONIAL TREASURER: But you did not divide 200,000 with the Iii millions ¡ you divided 170,000. Mr. ILLING WORTH : I said if it did not rise it would be that. The COLONIAL TREASURER: The bon. member also forgot to show that their population was half made up of the wage earning adult males. Mr. ILLINGWORTH :'I did say so , you are not quoting me accurately. The COLONIAL TREASURER: The hon. member made but a small point of it. j If he wished to act fairly by the Govern- ment he would have said their population ! would be equal te 250,000. In proportion I to the adult males of the colony, their population, if they had the proper number of women and children would be 250,000. His contention was, therefore, that they were better able to twice as well able-to bear taxation as any of the colonies, and quite as well able to pay their public debt. This was a very im- portant point in dealing with the financial condition of the colony, that the ability of the people to bear the public debt should be referred to. The hon. member did not wax eloquent in regard to the gold. He did not tell them they were the largest gold-producing colony in Australia. .Mr. ILLINGWORTH: I said you were ] the largest dividend-paying colony. The COLONIAL. TREASURER: If he , was misquoting the hon. member, he was , sorry for it. The impression made upon his mind was that the hon. member was j counsel engaged for the prosecution, and j that he left the defence alone altogether. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : That is not fair. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Well, although the hon. member was generous to him personally, he never heard a more one- sided speech. The hon. member -said he , had over-eBtimated the revenue, and he j made a great point of it. The hon. mem- | ber had had two more months in which to form his conclusions' Mr. ILLINGWORTH : I have already. toldyou my calculations were made before { your Budget speech. ' The COLONIAL TREASURER : If the hon.. member bad not taken advantage of these two months, be ought to have done so. He (the Premier) would have done BO. As he had said in his Budget Bpeecb, he believed it would take them all their time to get the revenue, but he thought there was hope that they would be able to do so. Of course it would have been quite easy for him to have shown a deficit of £186,000 on the current year's accounts, but he bad not done so, as he thought he saw signs of re- turning prosperity, and he knew July was a bad month. It always was, as at the eud of the year there was a "good deal of scraping to get the revenue into the Treasury chest, and very often the next month suffered in cousequeuce. But the revenue for August was fairly good, and so it was for September, while up to tho 10th of this mouth, that is to j say the 10 days of October the revenue was, he thought, £4,000 more, than it was for the first ten days of October last year. (Hear, hear.) So that there was hope. They knew they would have a large expenditure for the Coolgardie scheme. Like as the ships of Tarshish of old used to come in- laden with merchan- dise, so tiley would have ships coming into Fremantle heavy-laden, and' looking at that and the. increase in tho gold output, he was one of those who were not going to despair of their country, and he took what he |hought was a reasonable view of it. If the revenue did not come up to their an tiflrnations. f.hav m net rndnne tim Axncmdi ture. It was not easy to do this. The members for the Canning and North Perth, when they had the opportunity, if ever they did, of trying this, would find it was not so easy. If the revenue was less than the estimate, it would be the duty of the Government to try to do its best, and it would try to bring the expenditure within the limits of the revenue. (Hear, hear.) One of the most astounding statements of the member for the Central Murchison was that all the de- pression was due to the deficit of £186,000. He was sure the hon. member made a mistake, and he ought to withdraw the statement. If the hon. member did not withdraw it, and at once, he would have to say something about it. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : I shall not with- draw it. because I did not say so. The COLONIAL TREASURER heard the hon, member say so; and when he heard him say so, he almost gave up Mr. MORGANS: The ghost. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER : At any rate, all his good opinion of the hon. mem- ber seamed to vanish. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: You misunder- stand the whole thing. , The COLONIAL TREASURER : No, I do not. . J heard you say it. It came to this,' that less than one monthes revenue of this colony had made all this terrible : difference to the people of the colony, more especially when it was spent among^ them. Í Now, the hon. member for Canning seemed j te think that the members of the Govern- ment, and members on the Government side of the House, had only one object in view, that was, to spend as much money as they could, and get it from whence they could, not caring ' what the' result would be. If he (the Colonial Treasurer) were to apply such a statement to the hon. member for Canning and those who sup- ported him, there would be more reason in it than there was in applying it to him (the Colonial Treasurer) and those who supported him. Was it likely that they would try to bring discredit on the* colony ? Who would suffer? Would they escape scot free ? The representatives of the old inhabitants of this colony-who, he was glad to say, supported him almost to a man in the House-(hear, hear)-were they to escape scot free ? Who were to suffer first ? As some one bad said during the debate that evening: "Other people may come to this colony and may leave it, like rats leaving a sinking ship, but the older people of this colony " (amongst whom he counted himself) "intend to live here and die here." And were they likely to bring discredit or wrong upon the colony ? Were they likely to do anything so foolish as to advocate measures that would bring ruin : upon themselves and their friends ? The idea was absurd. They were trying to do their best in the interests of the colony and in the interests of their friends. To say otherwise was to give them, credit for less ordinary common sense than anyone else possessed It was his friend from East Coolgardie who bad said, " We have decided that our interests are here; all our wishes and hopes are here ; and we intend to live all our lives here, whether the colony prospers or not," and so with a great many others. The hon. member for Canning had said a great .deal about the deficit, but he could assura that hon. mem ber that a deficit came about very easily, rt was very easy not only for the Govern- ment, but for private persons to start with a credit balance, and to find themselves on the wrong side of the ledger at the end of the year. They were not the only persons who started at the end of June, 1897, with hopes and aspirations that were not realised at the end of June, 1898. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : I am afraid not. The COLONIAL TREASURER: But the Government were blamed. They were bad financiers-bad everything-because they had spent alittle more money than was thought advisable. They had spent less than they expected, but they had got less than they had hoped for. . That was the whole bother. If they had received what they had hoped for, they would have had i a balance to their credit. Still they had * some faith in the revenue producing capabilities of the country, whatever other people might think about it. They knew it was a very bad thing to have a balance sheet showing a deficit, but how much did they worry about it in private life? If they owed a few thousand pounds to their banker, did it trouble them? Mr. MORAN: Not a bit. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER: As long as they had assets on the other side, what trouble did it give them ? It did not even disturb their rest. Yet there was all this hullabaloo about £186,000-about ' nothing at ali They were assured of their position, and knew that by a little economy and care they would easily get rid of that amount. Eeally, if there wera nothing more to trouble him than that £186,000, he would sleep soundly. What did trouble him was the time when their revenue did not come up to their expectations. That meant that they must curtail their expen- diture. But there were other people who were out of their reckoning besides them- selves. The hon. member for Canning had had a great deal to say about private en- terprise. He seemed to ha the advocate iu the House of private enterprise and con tractors-everything should, according to him, be given to private enterprise ; every- thing let to contractors. But he knew very" well what that meant. He (the Colonial Treasurer) . was not op- posed te private enterprise ; that would be a foolish idea. But when there was a great national work to be done and the . colony could afford to do it, he believed it was to the interest of the colony to carry it out. Private enterprise meant the ex- penditure of double the capital ; the value of the work was increased, and the colony had to pay double for it-twice as much as it was worth. The hon. member knew that contractors' work cost more than day work. He did not mean to say that it was ad- visable to go in for all day work, because it gave much trouble, but it did not involve lawsuits and claims for compensation here there and every ir here. It appeared to be the desire of contractors to do as little as possible and get as much as possible out of the Government. A MEMBER: A jetty blew away the other day. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TßEASUBEB, in " conclusion, referring to the revenue of the country, said their demands bad grown up quickly in this immense territory, whieh had been inhospitable te a degree, without water, or means of communication, every- thing having been against them. The gold had been found in parts of the country where it was most difficult to get at it; and they had done their best to make it practicable for people to get it, the result being that the expenditure had been very large. But it had not been large enough for the requirements. They could easily spend another couple of millions a year in the colony, and upon good works, too, for years and years to come. But they must not 6pend the money unless they had it. His desire was not only to promote everything that would behest for the country and to make it a flourishing country, but to maintain the public credit of the colony. They had, great responsi \- bilities no doubt, but they were not greater now than they had been in the past. They had been able-to manage the affairs of this colony with a small revenue; -they could surely do it wlûn a large one,- He only asked them to have faith in the country, ¿ot to deny-as the hon. members for Canning and North Perth had done that anyone had any faith in the colony. If the people said the Go- vernment were trying to bring discredit upon the colony they would be quite willing to retire in favour of those on the other side cf the House ; but they did not. No one would be more pleased than he to know that the affairs of the colony were in a prosperous state, but they should have faith in the colony, do the duty that was cast upon them, and try their best to command prosperity. (Cheers.) Mr. Doherty, Mr. Coaolly, and Mr. Kenny having spoken, the motion for the adoption of the drat it 3m on the Estimates was carried on the voices. Customs, £31,407. Mr. JAMES asked whether provision had been made for the appointment of excise officers for the collection of excise duties, and also for the detection of bad liquor. The COLONIAL TEEASUEEE said that such provision had not been made, because the matter had not been arranged when the Estimates wera framed, but this would not prevent the Government carry- ing out the law, and the Government was arranging the matter now. Item carried. ' . ? " Harbour and light, £15,882. Mr. JAMES called attention to the heavy expenditure on Government stsamers. The COLONIAL TEEASUEEE said that he proposed to ask the House to pass the Estimates as they were. The Govern- ment would try to reduce expenditure wherever possible, particularly if they found .the revenue was not coming up to the estimate. In reference to salaries, it was not proposed to make reductions in them, but officers would be dispensed. with where possible. Jnr. J A2l.ES pointed out that last year the Works Department had secured an un- fair advantage over other departments. The DIRECTOR of PUBLIC WOEKS said that, on the contrary, the officers of the Public Works Department had last year merely been placed on a level with other officers. Mr. CONNOR drew attention to the item, " Upkeep and insurance and uniforms fer officers and crew of Penquiu, £850." The COLONIAL TEEASUEEE said that the upkeep of these vessels was very heavy, but the Penguin performed a lot of ser- vices, and they could not do without her. Item passed. Government stores,,£5,525 : Mr. DO BEET Y drow attention to the item, " Clerks and labourers occasionally employed, £2,00»." The COLONIAL TEEASUEEE said that arrangements had been made by which the Government storekeeper hoped te be able to save the whole of this amount. Item passed. Pensions, £5,161 16s : Mr. BUET asked whether the Govern- ment proposed to do anything in the matter of a recommendation contained in the re- port of the governors of the High School, that Mr. E. W. Haynes, late second master, should be grantetta pension or gratuity. He testified to the good public "services of the gentleman named. Mr. JAMES endorsed the remarks of Mr. Burt as to the public service rendered by Mr. Haynes. Mr. 'A. FORREST hoped «hat the Go- vernment -would grant Mr. Haynes a pen- sion. He pointed ont that Mr. Poole, late Government architect was down for a pen- sion of JS170 per annum. n Mr. CONNOR moved to report progress. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the recommendation in the report was not pro- minently brought under his notice. The Superannuation Act provided for pensions fer persons in the Civil Service of the colony, but he did not know whether it would be said this gentleman was in the Civil Service. The only way would be to give this gentleman a lump sum by way of gratuity. He believed this gentleman had done good service. He would consult with the governors of the High School and see ; what could be done. Mr. CONNOR withdrew his motion. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the | pension of £170 to the late Assistant En- i gineer-in-Chief, Mr. G. T. Poole, was made in accordance with the Superannuation Act. ' The Government had nothing to say against that gentleman's competency. He was one the most capable architects in the colony ; but when the Department of Public Works was being reorganised it was felt necessary to make a change in the administration. The office held by this gentleman was abolished, and under the Act he was offered either a gratuity or a pension, and he chose the latter. The allo wande of £65 12s to Mr. J. F. Stone was made in accordance with a certificate granted ' to him in 1895, when he was promoted from his office of immigration agent tb duties he could not combine with them. Mr. JAMES protested against the item as unnecessary. Tho vote was passed. Miscellaneous services, £86,683 9s. 7d : Mr. FORREST moved to report pro- gress. Progress was reported, and leave given to sit «gain the following day. NEW BILL. The Companies Act Amendment Bill was read x first rime. 11.16. The House adjourned till 4.30 p.m. the following- day. 