THE LIGHT THAT OA:'? NO j SHADOW.. - ' 1 Curious stories -vv io'-l about the 1 powers possessed by <:«-. a>'.i natives of j India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the adepts, as these queer Hiudus are called, for the purpose of finding out tho secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather seurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. A11 adept went with him to » cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well.. " I can't SBe to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some iight," was the reply, and, immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This a story hard- to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learn ing and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost A man who has bsen ill for years and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his experience? Take an example : — "In the spring of 1888," writes our correspondent, " I fell into alow, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. 1 was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also hitter bile. Later on 1 suffered from nervous ness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. Aftor I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now '1:1(11 v Krlmif. its vnlno. nnd its i-iowev over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity 1 deem ib a duty to send yon this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast 110 shadow. Tho latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and cau be found at his address. Finally, there 13 nothing mystic or magical abuut Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It- acts 011 the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or piloses of that universal disease — indiges tion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. Myhtm:foi;i) Stock S.ili-:.— Messrs. J. G. Shields and Co. will hold their usual fortnightly sale of live stock at Myrtleford on Tuesday, when tlioy will offer fat and stove cattle, horses, sheep, &c.; Entries of stock will be received up to the morning of the sale. The sale will commence at 12.30 p.m. sharp. The Melbourne Tram and Omnibus Company has declared a divid end of 3d. per share. A hush lire of extensive proportions has been riging among the hills at Laim East during the last week, and has de stroyed much fencing ami grass. The year just closed passed out most satisfactorily so far as the Customs De partment was concerned, the revenue received during December being £10,922 in excess of the departmental estimate. The net receipts, inclusive of £21,208 received for excise on beer, and exclusive of £10,890 returned as drawback, were £191,318. The previous month re turned £175,431, and in December, 189G, tho receipts were £180,359. The first six months of the financial year 1897-93 gave a net return of £1,089,990, which was £7621 in excess of the estimate. It should be noted in estimating the re venue for the whole year that the first half is almost invariably more productive than the second. I t is expected by the Agricultural De partment that during this month about SO tons of raspberry pulp will be shipped to London, and also a small quantity of apricot pulp. .Most of the "former comes from the Lilydale district, and there would have been a larger consignment to send away but for the excessive heat of last week affecting the children who were engaged to pick the fruit. The pulp is of very good quality, and will be shipped in large tins packed in cases. The Department of Lands has had re cently brought before it a rather startling revelation iu connection with a seed wheat loan to a distressed farmer. Ac cording to the official reports, at the annual licensing court in Charlton last month an applicant for a victualler's licence at Sea Lake made a declaration that he had £500 in the bank, with which to defray the expenses involved by ob taining the lieonce. It was elicited from him in cross- examination that he had obtained £20 from the Government for seed wheat last year, by sighing an aili- davit that he was not able to buy seed himself. At the time he applied for the licence he still owes the Government this money. When lie was further questioned about his conduct in making the state ment that lie could not buy seed, he re plied, " Oh, they all do it." The matter was brought under the notice of the Minister, who made au iuquiry with the object of instituting a prosecution for making a false declaration. The £20 was forwarded to the department, but the Minister desired to impose punishment for his imposition. It turned out, how ever, that the declaration was informal, and the Minister found out he could do nothiug. That a declaration was good and formal enough to secure the seed wheat advance in the first instance should prove useless as ovidence against its author secondarily is a curious piece of circumstantial irony. 