The Bnquest. An inquest was held on Tuesday at the residenco of Mr. Collins beforo Mr. W. H MacEenzie and a jury of 12. Mr. Henry Baltravo wns elected foreman. Sorgeant Smith conducted the case for the police. Mr. Manion appeared for. tho Mercantile Mutual Mivo Insurance Com pany and Mr. O. A. Scrivoner for the trus teos of toe estate. . Eeginald G. Gf. Btmkin, a fruit^rowor, deposed that he resided at - Ingloburn. At about 12.40 p.m. on Friday last when pass ing by the premises saw the back part of the premises on fire. Saw no one about. Called out to Tumors' close by about tho fire, and also told others on the way to the station. Did not stop to try to do anything with tho fire as it seemed to have too good ahold. Met Mrs. Pidcock on the way over towards tho fire. She was walking across Turner's paddock about 300 yards away towards tho fire. Told Mrs. Pidcock the house was all nblu/.o and she went straight on to tho fire. Tho first person ho saw was a girl with a horse about the same distance away as Mrs. Pidcock. Informed the stationmastor of tho fire and he tele phoned to the agent at Liverpool.' Went back to tho fire and all the main building was alight, the roof was then falling in. Nothing could done to save tho premises, and lie then left. Did not see any funiture boing removed. Did not sec any tramps about. When he first passed tho premises he noticed one of tho sido door.s open. Be lieved Mr. Pidcock was on friendly terms with all the neighbours. By Mr. Manion ; Did not know the name of the girl he saw. Generally passed tho place about two or three times a week. Was never in the house. Knew a man named William Sargenson. Did not know Sargenson lived there. ' : By the police : The day was a very hot one. By the foreman : Believed Florrie Bur gess first saw the fire. Herbert James Webb, officer in charge nt Ingleburn, deposed that tho fire was re ported to him at about 12.40 p.m. on Fri by Mr. Rankin. Sent a telephone message to Messrs. Scrivener and Sons, the agents tor the place. ?-- ', By Mr. Manion : Was at the premises on the evening previous to the fire. Walked round the building and all the doors and windows were closed and everything ap pearedquite safe. Thokey of the housffwasin his charge. Mrs. Gordon, the mortgagee asked him to take charge of the key. That was on the 18th November last. Received the key from Messrs Scrivener and Son. Got William Sargenson to sleep on the pre mises at night time. Engaged him on the 21st November last. Saw Sargenson carry his bed and gun down to the place, but would not swear that Sargenson slept there. Sargenson was employed by him an^t re sided on his (witness') premises.^ Could not say how long Sargenson occupied Pid cock's premises. Would not answer whether he was on night duty or not during the last month. ? ? ? Mr. Manion pressed the question. ? ,, The witness appealed to tho Coroner as to whether he was to answer the question or not. . The Coroner: thought the question unne cessary.. Mr. Manion agreed not to press the ques tion. '?'?...?'.-, '?.!'. Witness, continuing his evidence deposed that he engaged the man to sleep on the premises sunder instruction from Messrs. Scrivener and Son. Did not know, of any previous firo at the place. .Mrs. A. Pid-; cock drew his attention' to the removal of some iron from the place. Wrote to Mrs. Corden about tho matter and he believed she instructed the police to visit the place. Never gave Sargonson any instructiorislto quit the premises. Told Sargenson that Messrs. Scrivener and. Son would allow him 5s a week to sleep on the premises. It was not a fact that Sargenson removed his bed'baok to witness's premises on the night previous to the fire. Remembered having a conversation with Hr. Manion on the Saturday after the fire. Did not say that Sargenson brought his bedding back from Pidcock's premises on the night pre vious to the fire. Sargenson brought^his bedding back from Pidcock's premises on Monday before the fire. Did not instruct Sargenson to remove his bedding. By Mr. Scrivener : Had no pecuniary interest whatever in the. building. Acted as caretaker, as a friend only. ' ?...*..-. By Sergeant Smith : [Che man* -'gave no reason for leaving the place and bringing in his bedding. The man did say on one; occasion that a blanket was stolen from him. By Mr. Manion : Only had one key bo longing to the house. ? William Sargenson deposed that he was in charge of the premises destroyed byfire, from the 21st November last. Slept on the premises some nights, and on others, did not. Was on the promises the night before the fire,' but did not sleep there. Slept there on the Wednesday night before the fire. Had a blanket stolon from the premises, and on that account left.' First leard of the firo at about noon on Friday ; last. Know nothing about the fire. When he left the front door was shut, but not locked. ... By Mr. Manion : Left the promises at about 5 a.m. on Thursday morning. Slept four nights out of seven on thn premises. Mr. Webb told him to remove his bed from the premises back to tho station. Did not know Mm Pidcock. The side door was' not locked. Slept in the brick part of the premises. Took nil the things away on Thursday morning becauso ho had a blanket stolen. A juryman at this stago gave an opinion as to the witness's general capacity. Mr. Manion 'asked the juryman if he was prepared to take an oath that tho witness was not capable of giving evidence. The juryman not being prepared to do this the examination of Sargenson was con tinued, when he gave the following evi dence : Had a gun on tho premises. Was at the local hall until abmit 10 p.m. on Thursday night. Went to Mr. Webb's and went to bed about 11 p.m. Was not afraid to live in the premises. Did not seo any ghosts there. Did not seo any man run out of the place and get on a horse and go away. Did not have a light in the house. Scarcely over used matches. Ernest Henry Turner deposed that ho saw the fire on Friday at about 12.35 p.m. His attention was drawn to it by Rankin. Witness and his fathenran down to the fire and threw water on it with a bucket, but the fire had too good a hold for them to put it out. Did not see anyone about. The sido door was quite wide open. Lived about 100 yards away from where the fire took place. By Mr. Manion: The doors in tho wooden part of the building were shut. Some time previous to the fire saw some wood in one of the rooms. Could not say whether it was left there by Mr. Pidcock or not. Saw some bedding in the brick portion of the building. Was in the house last on the Sunday previous to the fire, i Tho wood he noticed was in a fire place. Never at any time noticed a light in any of the windows. Saw Mrs. Pidcock just after the outbreak of the fire. Catherine Pidcock, married woman, liv ing with her husband at Ingleburn, de po-ed that the premises burnt down wore the property of her father-in-law. First saw the fire at about 12.40 p.m. on Friday last. Wont in the direction of tho fire when she met Rankin, who told her where the fire was. Had not the slightest idea how the fire originated. The place was all in flames by the time she arrived on the scene. \ By Mr. Manion : Mrs. Loubeck was the first to tell her about the fire, saying that Pidcock's place' was on fire. Did not take much heed' of what Mrs.' Loubeck said un til Mr. Rankin confirmed the information. Had access to the place. Was in the bath room about the 19th of October. Removed some books and bottles on the 19th October and generally cleaned up the place. There was no inflamable material about the place Mr. Pidcock used one of the rooms for printing work. Tho printing machine was worked by hand. The mortgagee she believed took possession after the place was cleaned up by her. Her husband lived at Helensburgh. . He was home at I ngl- burn on the Tuesday and returned on the Thurs day before the fire, leaving by the 12-40 p:m. train. William Pidcock deposed .that he was a clerk and resided at Forest Lodge, Sydney. The property destroyed by fire was his. The property was mortgaged by him. The house was built of brick, with iron roof and contained 8 rooms, including kitchen and bathroom. .There was also on the southern side a wooden construction of three rooms, built of weatherboard and covered with iron. Up till October last the house was occupied by him. 'Valued the building at about £1800. The whole place cost him about £3000. Wns insured for £1000, and tho policy wns held by the mortgagee. The place was insured in the Mercantile Mutual Office. Never had any fire before. In October last handed over the k'ys to the mortgagee. Was on good terms with all the neighbours in Iugloburn. Did not suspect anyone of tho burning; down of the premises. Was greatly sur prised when he heard the news of the tire. The property was mortgaged for £1000. The glass and fanlight constructions were all frosted. By Mr. Manion : The three rooms were lined and coiled with wood, The ceilings in the main building were all plaster. The present liability was £1100. He had been paying £5 a month for some time as a tenant. The mortgagee treated him as the owner. The placa. was partly built by contract. Could not say what was the amount of the contract. Valued the build ing burnt down alono at £1800. Other property at Croydon and Enlield were not included in the mortgage to Mis. Corden. Had received a statement from the mort gagee's solicitor as to his liability. Gave :a month' notice before leaving the premises and paid the month's rent. Witness. ^here refused to answer any further,; questions as to. his financial posi tion. The Coroner concurred. The jury after a short retirement return ed an open verdict but added a rider to the effect that they considered that neither the owner nor anybody interested in tho build inc; had anything to do with the origin of the fire. 