LAKE MOOOKM EltK .SCHOOL IMONIO. Fw.« A C<mi!fsrHsr.r,sr. SArrntuv morning was bright nnd cheerful — nt leant it wuk mi at Luke MfNidemms when upward of three iiiimlmi attended to take part in the great pienie given to tho ehildi'on attending the Lake MiHalemrru ntnte school. All wero to inert flt llint pretty little placo known nit the Regatta ground, where everything looked fresh and cheerful, Tills fa the first picnic ever held for the children attending I lie school, and as it is going to ho an tiuiuml affair, it will lm something for the eliildreu to look forward to. Tan inarh praise cannot he given to the head teacher (Mr. G. Wallace) and those who so ahly assisted in making the pienie sueh a success, Everything was carried oat iu first-class style by the pienie ami Hjants committee, wh» worked hard to make the day's outhur a happy nnd pleasant one fornllthoio who had the plcasureof being present. Tho prizes Hint were offered for com- |»ctitiou were well worth competing for, ami there being no entry charge for any of the races, the entries Were immcrouH. Several of the races Itn I to ho run in herds, nnd resulted in some close finishes, which speaks well for tho liandienppers, Afessrs. Buckley nnd Killctt kindly lent their bout for tho use of thu visitors, ami Afr. J. Nowbouml lout hfa largo tables. Th< catering wn.s iu tho hands of Afr. AY Reus, of Ruthorgleu, It hiring sufilciei.t to shy that it wus carried out lit In- usual good style. The tables were beautifully set out by Afesdnmes Jack. Kldridge, Turner, Hughes, Clunirih v (II), tho Misses Hiskins.Neifaon, .lark- son, Al'Donnhl (2), Kldridge nnd sev eral others. At tlio conclusion of th pienie threo hearty cheers were give: for tho head teacher and thu Indie- wlio so ahly looked after the tables, Tho following are the guutlemc who filled thu various offices in con nection with thu racing events, Ac.:— Hnmltcnppers, Afcssrs. Kldridge, Wal lace, nud AI'Qimdu ; judges, Afcssre. Cliundlernndifiighes:startcrs,Aressr- Neilson and Nowbouml; committee. Afcssrs. Nowbouml, Kldridge, Jfiskin-, and Walluco; judge of spelling, Air. Thomas, Kuthcrgleti statu school : secretary, AL'. W. Noilsou. Tho fol lowing are the results uf tho different events:— Boys' nice, 7 to 10 years, IL Hughes 1, S, ilfakius 2 ; girls' race, 7 to 10 years, A. Million 1, O.Hfakm 2 ; boys' race, 10 to 1-1 years, A. His- kins 1,.B. Coopor 2; girls' racq. 10;to 14 years,' C. Million 1, K. Hiataiis 2; boys race, undor 7 years, J. Bucking ham 1 ; girls' rnco, under 7 voars, P. Kldridgo I, R, AFQundo 2, R. Kldridge 3 ; bachelors handicap, 14 to 75 years, J. Ray 1, F. Hiskins 2; spinsters' race, 14 to 75 years, T, Buckingham 1, AI. Yates 2; spoiling competition, lower first, T. EUlridgo 1, upper first, T. Emms 1 ; siumcso rncu for hoys, A. Frances and A. Hiskins ; skipping rnco for girls, E. Hiskins 1, 0. Alimon 2 ; married mons' rnco, G-. Wutlnco and F. Nixon a dead heat, the former winning tho rnn off ; potato race for hoys, A. Hiskins 1 ; potato rnco for girls, Colriu ami Hiskins divided first and second ; >ntato race for adults, F. Hiskins 1, D. Cnntpholl 2; Ritok race for boys, A. IHskins 1, G. Francis 2 ; thread nnd ncedlo race, 1st ovent, J. Briggs and A. Kldridgo 1, second ovent, i. Buukinglinm and F. Jackson I ; old buffers' race, over -10 years, John Hiskins won easily mnrriod womens' nice, Airs. Al'Qmulu t, Airs. Miteholl 2. Fire.— An alarm of firo was sounded at about 5.30 o'clock on Sunday morning, nnd many of tho townspooplo turned out to the scene of tho conflagration— the rear premises at Afr. Clias. Baker's, which wero consumed ; iu fact tho building (an outhouse) was in flames when first noticed. Sixteen firemen, under Captain P. K. Ritchie, were promptly on thu scene with appliances, but their services were fortunately not required. Licensed Victuallers' Race.— a meeting of persons interested in the above was held at Thomson's Rivcrina Hotel yesterday afternoon, when there were S resent Messrs. R. King (chair), Elliot, iinpson, Thomson, Bull, Gardner, Broirne. Motiahan, and Rankin, It was decided to hold a race meeting on Wednesday, 18th May, nnd stops will he taken immediately to have tho mooting registered. Tho fol lowing odicora woro appoiutcd Presi- ilont Mf. R Ifintt iiiiIoa Mr V. <1. l'iggin ; secretary, Air. S. Smith ; treas urer, Air. R. N. Bull; committee, all' present, . with power to add ; jslowanfa, Dr. Lnng, and Afcssrs. Frcwin, Biggin, Elliot, ami Gardner; handicappcr, Air. W. E. Dakin ; starter, Dr. Lang ; clerk of course, Mr. E. Rutzou : clerk of scales, Mr. W. Broomhall. Tho following pro gramme was arranged : — Trial llnndicop. £10, six furlongs ; Hurdle Race, £10, two miles; Licensed Victuallers' Handicap, £15, with a swoop of 10s. front starters to go to second horse, 1 milo 141 yards ; Soiling Race, £5, six furlongs ; Publicans' Purse, £10, six furlongs. It has boett tho Maori custom for gonorations post to uso Wild Alint for nil Ghost Complaints, Bronchial trouble 7". nnd Consumption. Air. Win. E. Wood, a choinist of 30 years' experience, com pounded a preparation after their custom, and tried its properties on tho white people. Itlscallou Wood's G root Pepper mint Cure. So successful was its curative iKDwor over coughs and colds, that an influential company lias tnkon tho matter up to introduco it to Lhn world. It will euro any kind of Cough almost immediate ly.: Kcmarkablu cases of Consumptive Coughs havo .boon completely cured by it. Sold by nil Urocors and Chemists at 1/6 and 2/6. SORE EYES.— Tho public are notified that MORRIS' IMPERIAL EYE OINT MENT is by far tho safost and bost rQtumly for tho many disorders of. tho oyes preva lent at this soason of tho year. It is ad visable to obtain It Immediately, ondavmi' serious results from dust, hunt, Hies, ox- pusuro, Ac. Having enjoyed a womlorfnl reputation of over half n contury, it car with confidonco bo rocommondod, and the gonuino must be secured to avoid dieap pointmont and troublo. It coats 2s. pci pot, and fa obtalnablo ovory whoro. Tin Toatimonlals onolosod with each pot aholdt bo carefully road and remomborod.— Advt 