rjijjE H A U N T E D M O U N T A I N S ; OR, COLONEL C0DTS SEAEGH. A ROMANCE OF THE WEST. CHAPTER XL—A DOUBLE DIS- BV COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM. .',,,„ 0f - Tf Mysterious Man in Blue." AU ' " Eic. COVERY. Cody enjoyed his night's rest, and had Ł „00d breakfast. The roan had also fered weli. and both horse and rider were e.iser for the Hail as they turned ™t of the ,-arycn and liaaded towards tlie soovt bridg, Arriving there,. Cody found all as lie tad l3i=t it. Tb<-r<.'. hidden among: tlie rocks, where •jhey could not be seen from the other side. i.wv the rolls of flooring and the i-oiled chains, e.-icii with a lariat at the rtid. At iht' other end was attached a horseshoe. which could be whirled across I tlie chasm to some one on the other side, I end tlms the chains could be drawn over j juid made fast, | How th.-v were made fast upon the I •other side he was anxious to find out. When the chains were attached he i saw that it was easy to roll the flooring of saplings down and tie them on In sections. Having seen all that was" necessary -sbout the bridge, the scout was anxious 18 discover how anyone could cross the riiasm without its aid, for to stretch it there must be men on the other side. f!o he put his horse in as secure a •jslace as lie could lind for him, and on foot began to search for some way of •crossinf: the torrent with its cliff-like banks. He went up the stream for half a mile and could go no further, on account of the nature of the banks. Nothing was •discovered by which he could cross, .so he rtiurn^l and went down the stream along th-j nigged bank. After going a few hundred yards he came to where he could at least descend to the water, and could hardly resist j Riving a cry of triumph as he beheld on the other cliff a stunted pine growing irrcuy uj)on the c-dge of the rpsfe. ! fastened to oie stout trunk of the tree lie hoheld a rope-ladder certainly not visible from the other shore. It clung close in under the rocks, was some fifty Teet long, and was made fast to the rodtj below. further uivwr. on his side lie came upon a chain stretched across the tor- K-nt. just where there were no rocks to break the waters. At his feet, almost hidden in the rocks, -was a kind of harness, evidently for a •nan to slip on. and a hook on it could slipped over the chain, and thus a •person could propel himself to the other siae without drc-ad of being tom loose 1mm his hold. Hie scout also found a complete vater^roof suit of indiarubber, which would civer him, body, feet and hands, to tlie neck, and prevent his getting •weL "Clever fellows those," he muttered, grimly; und unrolling his suit he drew it on over his clothes, then buckled the liaruess about him.fastened the hook on The chain, and began to work his way .over to the other shore. The torrent tugged at htm so hard •that he recognised how useful was the harness and the hook. But he got safely over, took oil his rig, found he was jserfectlv dry, and then began to ascend the rope-ladder. He easily passed round tlie trunk the tree to a firm foundation, and as he glanced upwards saw a stout round piece of timber there which he knew could only be used as a windlass. The 3iandles were also there, and the stout staples into which the. end of the bridge chains could be made fast. It was with some difficulty thai Cody could find his way up to the spot opposite the place where he bad been. Bui at last he did so, and with, the knowledge now acquired, he was not long in finding that the windlass he had een was brought up and made fast be- Iroeen two large boulders. But the rocky cliff gave no indication that there had ever been such, a secret contrivance igged there, and there was not the slightest trace of a trail. "Well, the secret is mine, and I know now just as well how to rig the bridge as the outlaws do. But can I do alone? I might in time; but then I'd dread being discovered all the time. Yet to get my horse over I must stretch it, er lie can cross no other way. "No, I fear I must sacrifice the poor fellow, and return on foot. The out- Jaws would suspect something if I,turned him loose to journey to the valley alone. "I am sorry, but I must return to the ther side, blindfold the poor fellow, and back him over the cliff to his doom, and Thus dt-stroj- all signs, and on foot I can ko back to the fort. But one thing is •certain; I know how to lead my men to the outlaw retreat.' So saying. Cody retraeedhis way to the pine tree, descended the rope-ladder, »nd donning the waterproof suit and harness, started across -through the torrent lie had just reacbei the middle of the stream, when a voice called out: "Ho, pard, you is back sooner than we expected. We was going* ter stretch titer bridge."' Willi a sinking heart, Cody saw two men upon the bank he was making for. T)),-y were outlaws, of course; but without hesitation, his quick mind invented a means <>t escape, and he replied: "Oh, you is there, is yer, pards? I ""ras just soin' over, -but ril go baCk and Bay you is coinin*." . For a moment it seemed aś if his Clever trick wouia pass, but then one of the men yelled out: • " •. >• . "That ain't o^of us; I knows Jjim, and: 5t's Cody. We has you covered. Cody, -*o jist land on this side,or we'll make a target of yer." • CHAPTER XII.—'THE SURGEON SCOUT-ON' CODY'S TRAIL. Surptrtn Prank Powell was not a mail To neglect duiy. but the very moment teat he felt that he could leave the wounded wholly In care of the assistantstrseon. he decided to go after Cody. Tlie scout had claims of the warmest 'Headship upon him, and he telt most anxious about his having gone off alonel the trail, as lie believed of the Jnaian band with whom there had been a fight. The officer in command had told the •Surgeon Scout that Cody was sure that toe leader of the red-skins was a white TOan l n the paint and feathers of a" savage chief. He knew that Cody was going into an TmfcEown country, and was well aware not only the red-skins, but the ^pad-agents, .were supposed to have retreats in the mountains which «-<WJ- would, beyond doubt penel rate , t '°°-, the Surgeon Scout was weń the stories told of the Fort *** Cody's anxiety to secret of lłiat weird .spot. auari„l rS f' n POWe!1 went , "P to head- ^ ! la(! a ioa S talk with Colonel iearn JrfPS; i "K where the scout Had c " nu 9and, mounted his best ^^and with a p a c W i m a l in 3eaa> th e P^t after an earl£ " S Ę K - ^ day.since ^colonel had suggested that the * mieEon be accompanied by some : of Codys scouts, «Ur Ae baa answered that there was time^oughforaforce when some discovery tiad-teen.made^ and.fce dla not wish any outlaws who mighr have their eye on themovemehts of the party at the. fort to suspect that they were planning a move against them. • .._ .• . •. So the surgeon .went alone, reached'tie scene of the fight witliihe Indians, and was off on Cody's trail. before sunset— tliat following the trail of the iron-shod horse supposed to have been ridden by a white renegade dressed as a. red-skin. v When night came on theSurgeon Scout went into a lone camp, but was early -on the trail again the next morning. It was late in the afternoon that .he crossed over the summit of a range; then he saw fir off in a clump or timber across the prairie smoke curlin upwards. He reconnoitred with his glass, and could see no horses staked out near. "It raya be Cody, and It may not. It is someone, and who I must find out. There is a ravine to cross not far from the timber, and it will be nearly sunset when I roach it, as I must leave my. pack-horse here; ride „down the range trail to the prairie, let whoever it may be see me, and note the result." This he did, with his glass to his eye, and he was not long in seeing that he was d!scovered,for two men appeared in the edge of the timber, little dreaming : that a field-glass was levelled upon their movements. The Surgeon-Scout saw them distinctly, for ihe timber was devoid of undergrowth, and the appearance of the men was not assuring. Seemingly convinced that lie had a danger to fa.ee, that he was riding "upon foes, he decided to so manage as to have no doubt upon the matter, and to be prepared to meet treachery with quick action. The moment he rode down Into the ravine out. of sight of the watchers in the timber he dismounted and peered over the edge of the bank- He saw the two men running towards him at full speed out upon the prairie, and each carried a rifle in his hand. "Aha! The timber is not thick enough to '"hide them, so they are Tunning for that long,thick grass to hide in," he muttered. He stood an instant in silent meditation, after seeing the men drop down in the long, thick grass through -which the iron lea Just then, ana exactly where a rise helped to ćohććal t'heirt. " ~ ~ - - Then he said suddenly, "Til risk it.' With rapid, clever hands he set to work, and from his saddle-bags quickly took a slouch hat, wig, and a few other articles, which, with his blankets, his fatigue-coat, and lariat aided with grass he cut in the ravine, he made : very fair dummy man. This was bound upon bis jhorse securely.yet in such a way that one end of a rope held by the Surgeon Scout could drag it from the saddle to -the ground. It was just growing twilight when his horse came out of the ravine, the dummy form upon his back, and Sur geon Powell following close behind, stepping in the animal's tracks, and thus shielded completely from the view of the men be was advancing upon. The glow of the setting sun brightened the skies, but the prairie was cast in shadow, and as the Surgeon Scout neared the plot of thick grass that grew upon the rise, he stepped close to the flank of his horse, grasping the dummy's rope in one hand, his revoltin the other, and crouching so as not to be seen. He felt sure thai if the men were outlaws—and what else could they be?— they would fire upon the dummy.from their ambush, and then it would be for him to act, and he muttered : "I wish ; to take one -of them alivfe." " On moved the surgeon's horse, conscious .that much-depended upon him, and as he beared the rise a shot rang out from beyond, and two men sprang to their - feet, a second "rifle being discharged as -they did so, while the Surgeon Scout heard the dull thuds as the bullets tore through the dummy form. Then the daring doctor was ready for action. CHAPTER SIIL—THE SURGEON SCOUT'S KUSE. The two men who .fired upon what they believed a horseman wearing the military hat and uniform of an ajrmy officer sent their bullets true, for they cut through, the dummy form upon the horse advancing towards them through the thick prairie grass. As they both sprang to their feet upon firing, the form swayed in its saddle, then fell to the ground, and the welltrained horse came to a sudden halt With no suspicion of any plot against them, the two men at once hurried forward to see the result -of their trea cherous'deed in firing upon one of their own race from ambush. But just then, in the gathering gloom, they saw the tall form of the "Surgeon Scout step out from behind his horse, and beard the stern command: "Hands up! You are covered!, \- But the men at once forced Doctor Powell to action by trying to draw their revolvers with quick but trembling hands. Then the Surgeon Scout Slowed his quickness in the use of a weapon and his deadly aim, for two shots flashed out, one following the other. One shot was from the Surgeon Scout's revolver, and it struck one of "the men fairly between the eves, killing him instantly. " The other shot came from the second man. but- the bullet missed its aim," and the Surgeon Scout said: "'Will you surrender, or die? Xou have your choice." The man' did not hesitate, but raised his hands above his head, shouting escitedly: . . . . * "I pasę, pard." . ffhe -surgćon walked quickly forward.' covering jhe man as he did se. and with his revolver , levelled againstrhim disarmed him of his -weapons. Then -said: . "Well, who are you, and why did you fire on tne?" • * "Mistook yer for a Injun, cap'c." The surgeon.laughed, and replied: "Come, no lying, unless you wish' to follow your comrade on the long trail." "1 didn't want ter jdp.it, but Jim Sykes said as how i must, so we fired at iron, and durned ef I know why yer hain't dead, {or "we is shots as don't miss, and I sart-lngly see yer tumble." ' "You lay it upon your dead jpatfl, be- Hcauśe-he cannot answer; but you are just as guilty as he. Now, who are you?" -••First tell me, cap n, why you hain't dead." "Because you did not kill me." "Hain't yer wounded?" • -. "No."- "Lordy! I don't understand .it.' -Well,-T saw you from yonder range, suspected vou of being just" what you proved jto be, and put a. dummy .on ' mv horse for you to -practise on. and It-lies yonder m the grass.* - • •'Oh, Lord' Til be killed for a fool ylP" Yon'U be hanged lor what you a villain." 1 hain't-a bad map." • • \ - ; / • "<Sood mendotTtfireifrom ambush upr on army officers " y ^jjmanafle me." o are you, I asked.'*" "Imej»or fella-as had hardback Sn :tttt«&es;,anawaEtrymgtoł«ueh the settlements." "And your pard ?" *-Wae the cameras me." * \- " Where arc your faorses?" ' '{J f f h a 4-t £ * ,'TU Adl yer, cap'n-we hain't r got j fwnftJ^Jwie esiip^-fcoin^aptma •»•! outlaws, thet roped usta and robbed ns. eo all wc has got is with us." . ' "Are you telling me the truth?" "If s solid gospil." "Well, rll just make sure of you until I come back, for I left my -pack-horse over the range a. couple of miles from herei" " " : • The Surgeon Scout securely bound his prisoner's hands and feet, and left him by the side of his dead comrade, while he rode at a gallop back on the trail. He was gone about an Hour, and upon his return frightened a pack of prairie wolves away from about the bound man "and his dead pard. "Łordy, icap'n, if yer hadn't come when yer did, they would hev eat me up. I won't git over this scare for a month." "If you live that long," was the significant reply. The Surgeon Scout then lifted tlie dead body to the back of his horse, threw the dummy upon the pack animal, and untied the feet of his prisoner so that he could walk. "Just ter think we bored holes in thet thing!" muttered tlie prisoner with a disgusted glance at the dummy. "Now tell me if there is any water In that timber," said the Surgeon Scout. "Cap'n, thar is a spring there, and good fee din' beyend." "All right; we'll camp there to- night, bury your pard, and to-morrow you will guide me to the camp of the outlaw band that you say you escaped from," said the Surgeon Scout, quietly, as they started off lor the amber. " CHAPTER 33V. THE SURGEON SCOUT'S PElSOJJER. Surgeon Powell feund the little clump of timber a very fair campIng-place,for there was good water,, plenty of grass for horses, and wood. But the place was exposed, and he felt that he must keep a good watch through the night, as hewas not sure that some of the comrades of his prisoner might not be near. The -man had a very evil look, and and Doctor Powell could not understand why it was that he and a companion were there alone and on foot. They looked like men who had seen a rough time of it, and the more he saw of his prisoner the more suspicious the surgeon g*ew of him. "Well, this will do as a camp, and we will look round first and rest arterwards," he said. \- 'TS&eVsi; the work, cap'n?" "Tour para has to fie buried, and then we will have supper." "He's dead—nothin' Can hurt him nowf so what's the use o' our exertin' ourselves plantin' him?" • Doctor Powell was somewhat shocked at the man's heartlessness, but replied, -as if to draw him out : "Then you would not bury him?' "No. Let the wolves pick his bones." 'Til bury him, after I have searched him." "What'll yer search him fer?" quickly demanded the man. "Well, as I lifted him across my horse I noticed that he was unusually heavy for a man of his build; and you, tcc, seem pretty well loaded." "Nothin' but grub," growled the prisoner. . "And let me tell you that I shall also search you, and that first; for I've an Idea that you have more weapons than I took from you." The Surgeon Scout saw the man's quick movement with his bound hands, but he grasped them in a grip of iron, though not until the fellow had managed to get his hand upon aderringer that was in the pocket of his woollen shirt. Powell wrenched It from him, and, hurling him upon -the--ground, quickly again;bound his feet. Then he thoroughly searched him, and the result was surprising to the doctor. f First, he found a buckskin belt heavy with gold. His next find was a buckskin bag hanging to the belt, but worn inside of his, trousers, that contained a quantity of jewellery, watches, chains, rings, and some diamonds. A still further search revealed some paper money and more gold, and tlie Surgeon Scout remarked: » "Well, my man, for a poor miner in bard luck and just escaped from the outlaws, you are pretty well fixed. You thought you- would kill me with that derringer after awhile, then get my horse and outfit, and go on your way; but it missed fire. Now I'll see whether your dead pard pans out as a gold-mine.' A search of the dead body revealed fully as much treasure as that found upon the prisoner. "No wonder you did not want him buried. Tou did not wish to have to dig him up to get the treasure after you bad killed me. W IŁ for humanity's sake, I will do as much for him as I will for you." "Fer me? Dok yer intend ter kill me?" cried the man. "You Intended to do as much for me. and one good turn deserves another.' "Say, cap'n, yer is onter me, so I guesses we kin .agree as ter tarms." "I am seeking no terms; but you must help to bury your dead pard. The Surgeon Scout stepped to his pack and took out a small spade, which caused the prisoner to exclaim: "Lordy! but yer comes fixed ter bury yer dead." "I did not bring it for that purpose, for X found it and this small pick, back on the trail where •there had been a light between some Indians and soldiers. The tools have come in well." With his arms freed, the prisoner set to work, and in-half an hour he and Surgeon Powell had dug a grave, into which the dead man was laid. The doctor noticed that the twcK men had been very scant of food, and had only a blanket between them, while their weapons and booty had been plentiful. Their shoes indicated thatłhey had done much walking, and, asSneither had " .on spurs, this seemed to confirm the prisoner's assertion that they were afoot. ' "When the 'dead, men . was ; finally covered, a. Are was built knd the Surgeon Scout, going to' hls paek, got ont a good supper, ample for both, and when it was ready the man ate as. though halfstarved. 'The recast over Doctor Powell observed: "X think It. would be safer for me to seek a camp elsewhere, so we will move on. and you can ride my pack-horse." So theymounted and rode several miles before the śuregon halted, with the -remark: "I shall feel more secure here; and.now tó bed. 1 ni give you an extra blanket, as the night -will be cold. To-morrow we will talk over what oyu f^te is to be.' CHAPTE R XV-—THE GHOST OF THE \- , •-•'.: NIGHT. . Doctor Powell fully recognised his responsibility,-and slept with one oye open, so to speak. Be haft bound las prisoner securely, yet not so as to render, him uncomfortable. ; He realised bow often he himself had been supposed to be securely bound, "when a. prisoner of Indians and -outlaws. Mid bad suipriseA them by showingĄhal "Łe - •'was non '^est In the rooming-;; so he bad -no intention, as regarded the man he had capturell, that he Should disappear - When, the mojnlngcamethpSuiEeon Scoiit prepared a-good breakfast, led bis hotses to -water, and staked tljem In a resh feeSlng-plaee. This done,he lighted j is pipe, and, "eeajUng himself by Ihe side of his prisoner, feald: ^ ''Now/let vsjret heater ccouainteŁ- I O m Doctor Frank Powell — •The Surgebn Scout?*' exclaimed the prisoner, amazedlj'. • ' ••'-; -" *"Yjes„ I am śó called." ' "You needn't say no more, for.I knows yer." - . ' - . ' "Then you are aware I will do as I say. Now, who are you?" "Waal, rm called Luke Lumley by my pards." • "And your trade?". "Mining for dust." "In other people's pockets, yes." 'Tm a honest man, cap'n." -"When you are asleep. Look here, now. 1 know you-are an outlaw, and see If I "do not read you right . "You are one of the band . of Midnighters, and, -wishing to leave them— we will say to become an honest man— you and your pard robbed your comrades and ran off. '"You had to go on foot because yoii could not get horses without too much risk, and-because, too, you preferred to leave no trail. "Seeing me coming, you sought to kill or capture me, but got caught in your own trap. Being an outlaw, you know exactly where the retreat of the band Is; so if you guide me there, I will give you your life and freedom, and the plunder I found on you, with a horse to go on your way. "If you refuse, I shall find the retreat •without your aid,and take you to the fort,where Colonel Ferris will have you hanged, for I can get witnesses enough against you among Cody's,scouts. Now. what have you to say?" : ''Pard doctor, you reads tty aliment like 'a book. I is a outlaw, or was, and me and my pard was skippin' the layout, as our hearts wasn't in it, for we i&as; forced to do lawless acts." "Such as firing upon me." "Waal, thet were, wroijg, but we was Iookin' out fer ourselves. We got what we c'u'd together and started out afoot, so as ter leave no trail, and thsre you has It." . , " ' "Then you can lead me to the retreat?" "Vas, I could: but see here—I won't!" "Then you will have to hang." . "You Is going to rescue Cody; fer I has heerd you. two was great pards." "How do you know I am going to find Cody?" "Waal, he is a prisoner." "You know this?" "I left him in ther retreat." : "And you refuse to guide me there?" "Pard cap'n, see here; I would be kat mighty quick If was caught by the Midnighters, and you'll hang me if I don't guide you there; but, as I don't like either dose, I has terms to offer. "Well?" "tiive me your pledge of honor to spare my life and let me go free, with a couple of good horses and the booty that belongs to my dead pard qgd me, and I will guide-you and some scouts and soldiers there, but not you alone. You'll want to take with you all of forty men, then I'll be safe. If these tarms don't suit, pard doctor, I can do no more." "The meney found on your pard and yourself you can have, as well as the two horses you demand; but : the booty I shall turn over to Colonel Ferris, for it was stolen. Now, I'll do no more, and you can have until night to consider. We will go on now.". The man urged against going back towards the mountains, but Surgeon Powell paid no further heefl-to him, and they -were soon upon the trail. . It was near sunset when they camped for the night, and as it had grown very cold—and a snowstorm was threatening, the doctor sought a sheltered spot, the prisoner seeming very anxious, which convinced his captor that they were near the camping ground of the Midnighters. Soon after sunset the moon, rose brightly, the clouds drifted away, and having had supper, the surgeon and his prisoner sat by the camp fire talking until after the midnight hour. The latter had assured the doctor that Cody was a prisoner to-the outlaws, and convinced him that to attempt to rescue him without considerable force would be useless. \- "They has by this time about got onter my pard, and me havin' cleared out, for we was sent to find some stray cattle, and Tm expectln* 'em ter be hot on my trail any minute—Lord! what is that The men shrank back into the shadow as the rattle of hoofs came to their ears, and the Surgeon Scout sprang up ready for action, just as a strange sight came before his eyes, for'there dashed into view, in tlie moonlight, what appeared to be ap hantom horse and rider. "My God! it's the Ghost of the Mountains!*- groaned the prisoner. "And there comes Cody in full pursuit, fil bring the Sgbost down for him," said the Surgeon Scout; and he threw his rifle to his shoulder, but ere he could take aim at the weird horse and rider, the prisoner uttered a cry of alarm and sprang forward, bound hand and foot though, he was, thowing himself with full force against Doctor Powell, who was. hurled backwards. The rifle flashed, the'doctor fell with stunning force, Ills head striking a rock, and the Ghost of the Mountain and Cody in hot pursuit passed on out of sight, in the moonlight, their horses' hoof-falls growing fainter and fainter. (To be Continued.) 