SCttATCHINGS IN THE CECr. BY A PENCIL. Dhat every line which written here may be Go to its mart straight and unerringly That every laug-li be clean and {airly bought That condemnation never go unsought; That out or thrust or lend approving cheer Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear Have you ever known a really contented looking, sleek, happy-go-lucky public school teacher ? Above all, have you ever known a fat one P Speaking off- handedly I have not. In town while I write are some hundreds of the profession taking part in the annual meeting of their union, and learly all of them seem t"» be harassed and worried. Teaching is an occupation which takes a lot out of a man, and which gradually kills a woman-that is, in both cases, if the teacher puts real earnestness into the work of the school. I tried it for a short spell in a big privately-conducted establishment, and soon decided that it was J an excellent thing for me to leave alone* ' Yet there is something' in the business which kindles enthusiasm-I suppose it is -the grand opportunity which the instructor enjoys of stamping some of his individuality upon the children while he is moulding their characters. That thought, at any rate, inspired me on Saturday night in the Exhibition Building as-with my heart in my mouth and my blood thrilling with magnetic sympathy-I listened to a thou sand model school children joining in a great burst of melody. The sight and the sound were staggeringly impressive, even if the little folk did turn the A's into I's and drawl out their " ow's." If South Aus tralians are not proud of their school chil dren they are modest to a degree which is absolutely wicked. I was half afraid, by the way, that ire should see a little unfavorable demonstra tion when the Governor arrived on Satur day night at the children's concert. The time for beginning the proceedings had been fixed for a quarter to eight, but the vice-regal party thought that the singing would start at eight o'clock as usual, and consequently did not come till that time The intervening fifteen minutes was spent by the audience in stamping with the feet, whistling, and showing in other ways that they did not like to be kept waiting; and when a similar disappointment was caused once in the days of Sir William RobinSOE his arrival was greeted with groans and hisses and hoots. When Sir Fowell Buxton knew of the inconvenience he had inno cently caused he felt very uncomfortable. He is one of the most considerate men alive so far as giving trouble to anyone is concerned. He has quite a nervous horror of it. Journalists have queer experiences some times. One day a dear old gentleman met me in the street and said-" I feel that 1 shall be dying very soon, as I am gradually failing, and 1 should be much more con tented if you would give me a promise." I loved my old friend so much that I would have undertaken to present him with half of my kingdom, and 1 told him so. "it's only a little thing," he added, "but still I have a fancy in the *aatier. I want you to undertake to see that any short obituary notice which maybe published about me just give* the necessary facts concisely, and no flattery." I assured him that what he desired should be done if I survived him, I but that to flatter him would be impos 1 sible. I meant it, too-meant it most thoroughly-and all who were privileged to | enjoy the gentleman's acquaintance will I agree that I was right when I say that his name was James Scott, of Norwood, zealous Wesleyan and Christian of Christians. Well^ James Scott died last Thursday at the venerable age of 82 years, and the angels were delighted when they saw him enter heaven. They must have almost begrudged him to earth so long; but, if ever man did, he blessed earth by remaining on it. Every day's chapter of his life-story might well be described as part of a serial narrative of good work for humanity. He thought of everybody but himself. Of James Scott he never even thought of thinking at all. The great event of last week in town was the struggle between the Gas Com pany and the Electric Lighting Company i on the question whether the citizens should j have the right to adopt the electric light in the circumstances which the papers have so fully explained. According to rumour the fight will cost each combatant between two and three thousand pounds. The result, as you know, was a win for electricity-a victory due chiefly to the admirable tact and organization displayed by Mr. F. C. Howard, the principal repre I sentative of the company which has" been formed to supply the citizens with the electric illumination. Talking of lights reminds one of ghosts, and the reminder is especially appropriate in this connection because in this colony is -a house now electrically illaminated which was at one time supposed to be haunted, and was disposed of cheaply on account of its gruesome asset in the way of an uncanny tradition. Formerly it was i occupied by a wealthy old man who died and | was buried in its garden. Of course, ever ! so many people knew people who had heard people say they had seen his spectre, walk at night, and midnight was the time [ especially chosen by His Ghostship to ' l stroll over to a part of the garden in which* j according to the popular legend, be had in I life deposited a big heap of sovereigns^ ; which, presumably, he was sorry he had j not been able to take with him. The time ' came, however, when a bold man bought i the place so long untenanted, and he has ! never seen on it anything more uncanny. , looking than a good wholesome flesh-and blood man like himself. | Not all haunted house have so fortu nate an experience. I saw the other day the last remaining bits of rubbish repre- ; sentisg all that was left of a once comely and fairly large villa which had not long been built when somebody died in it Subsequently the usual inevitable mysteri ous nouses were heard, occupiers " were dis ' tnrbed. ghosts were seen, and at last nobody would into the place to live or ' on any consideration, and so gradually | taking more than twenty years in the pro ' cess-it fell to pieces. These iacts prove | that even ic South Australia; " pride of ? I deihoeracracy" and all the rept of it, super* I stitious idiots still exist. By-and-by, perhaps, we shall hare a mtcli-burning. I knew on the Peninsula an old virago who was seriously considered by some of her neighbors to be a witch and to ride ont of the chimney into the circumambient atmosphere when the docks struck the midnight hour of twelve. I regret to say, however, that I never saw her do it. Strange-what an infatuation eport exercises upon some natures. On Satur day at the Fort Adelaide race meeting-an engagement somewhat spoilt by the inclem ency of jthe weather-Jockey DenniB Bowes and a horse, both pulsating at one moment with vigorous life, lay at the next merely so mnch inanimate clay. " What a pity," remarked one ardent sport, " that such a promising horse is gone off the track" " Both" ('said a sentimental clergyman in talking over the matter to me) " both were butchered to make a holiday." I don't hink much Of that sort of reasoning ( because if we avoided sports into which some element of danger entered we should have to wrap our youths in cotton wool aud keep them in glass cases when off duty. But I do think that there is a good deal in Lafryer Hamp's suggestion in the Register that the racing clubs should provide some means of maintaining the widows and families of jockeys who are killed in the races. This man Bowes had practically not a penny to bless himself with, and his body was not yet cold when the hat was sent round in the interests of those whom he had left in destitution. Sporting men are the most generous among the . whole circle of my acquaintance, but even the best of them cannot do much to deal with such a case as that referred to. Why can not the racing clubs form a Jockeys' Life Assurance Society F Several times in this column I have written in strong appreciation of the work ot the Salvation Army, and when I had a trifle to spare for altruistic schemes I have generally sent it to the Army. But now my plan must be altered. The Army has entered the field of business as a competitor with people who are not assisted in their enterprises by sentimental donations. Con sequently when any of the almost irresis tible of Salvation lassies request me to help " the good cause" I quote that part of scripture alluding to the upsetting of the money changers, tables in tne temple, and tell her if the Army means business let it do business and advertise in the ordinary way, and if it means religion let it stick to its speciality. Just now-ten o'clock at night-a band stopped and played Salvation tunes outside my hous*;, and then a man came to the door with a subscription book. Manifestly the Army is beginning early to raise the wherewithal to pay for the German Club premises which it lias bought at a price which the trustees of that building pro bably never hoped to be able to secure in these dull times. I don't know yet whether the building is to be devoted to the purposes of a Salvation warehouse or to those of & religious establishment. 