®»ta nA JMfte. A WOMAN TEMPTED HIM, Bv WILLIAM WESTALL, Author of ' With the Red Eagle,' 'Sons of Belial,' ' TruBt Money,' ' A Fair Crusader,' ' The Old Factory,' ' Two Pinches of Snuff,' ' Larry Lohengrin,' ' Roy of Roy's Court,' &c;, &c.; COPYKIGIIT. Chapter XXIV.— A Toboggan Race. Beginning at the highest point of banta Alpina the Crest a Run, a trough-like cutting fashioned in the snow, drops almost sheer into a deep gully, and after a devious course nearly a mile long ends in an open tield five hundred feet below. It is well iced and banked up at erery turn, so that the tobogganer in going down shoots from side to side oftentimes, looking like a fly on a house wall, and attaining in the final descent a speed of a mile a minute. And then if he does not hold tight and steer straight he is like to come to grief. Men mostly ' take it lying down ' and head first, ladies, sitting and feet foremost ; though now and then a young woman with more courage than discretion assumes the less maidenly attitude. Full of life and movement was the guily on the morrow of the fancy dresB ball. Most of the visitors and many of the villagers had come out to see the races, and were gathered in picturesque groups at various points of vantage. As the competitors were all first year's men, colloquially ' duffers,' the start was to take place from a point about midway in the course. Each man was to run three heats, and the winner would be he who made the best average time. All our friends were there, Reuben and Lyle in correct tobogganing costume sweaters, long white felt gaiters, armed boots, stout feather gauntlets, and elbows aud knees protected by leather shields. ' These are stalwart fellows, not all invalids surely ?' asked Mr. Coacher of Mrs. Armitage who, having heard that the old gentleman was one of the Fairlight trustees, was making up to him. ' Not at all,' said she. ' That tall fair man has come with his sister, who is very much of an invalid ; the short stout man with the black whiskers has come with his wife ; the two young fellows, talking to the girl with the white hat and scarlet bodice, are here for pleasure. Then there is Mr. Lyle, but a good many of the rest have either ' lungs ' or something else they would rather be without, I fancy.' Just then there came up to them a little swart man, with a good deal of adipose tissue, a benign smiling face, made hideous by a pair of huge goggles, a large hand camera and a big stick. ' Good morning, Mrs. Armitage. How do you do ?' quoth he, and then looked curiously ut Mr. Coacher. 'Very well, thank you, Mr. Hopper. Allow me to introduce you to Mr. Coacher, a friend of Mr. Fatriight V 'Glad to make your acquaintance, sir,' said Hopper as they shook frauds. 'I also have the honour to number Mr. Fairlight among my friends, and I shall take a shot at him as he goes down the run.' ' A shot at him ! God bless me ! A shot ! What on earth for?' exclaimed Mr. Coacher. ' Only with my camera,' answered Mr Hopper, laughing. 'Meanwhile — ah, there is a nice group, all beautifully posed. Miss Fairlight «nd Mr. Lyle, and Miss Armitage and Mr. Fairlight. There' (taking his shot). ' And now I shall go further down — to the place where there are generally the most spills. I am making a collection of spills. They are so very amusing.' And with that he toddled briskly down the hill. ' Who is he ?' inquired Mr. Coacher. ' An old habitue of Santa Alpina, and the best amateur photographer we have. Also very good-natured, and friendly with every body ; and he knows all there is to be known about everybody. He and Mr. Lyle are great chums, and often take long walks together.' ' Anything the matter with him ? ' Yes, chronic bronchitis, or asthma, or something of that sort. He comes every winter ; cannot live anywhere else except in euinmcr, though he does look so strong and healthy.' 'That is the case with pretty nearly every body I hava seen so far. Your daughter, for instance. Nobody would think ? ' ' My daughter is quite as well as she looks, nuu J. uuu v iiitun. aujr gill uuuiu iuuk ueirici, interrupted Mrs. Armitage, impatiently. ' I was going to say that nobody would think she was here for her health ; but perhaps she is not,' added Mr. Coacher, drily. ' Lyle has been saying something. I must mind what I am about,' thought Mrs. Armitage. Then to Mr. Coacher : ' Nora came originally for her health, but she is quite strong uow ; so well indeed that I don't think she will need to come here again.' 'I am glad to hear it. What was the trouble? Not consumption, I hope?' ' Certainly not. Just a little weakness of the lungs. ' Incipient phthisis,' the doctors called it, and I thought it better to nip the mischief in the bud by bringing her here at once ; and I believe she is as well and healthy as a girl need be.' ' God bless me, what a liar the womam must be ! It would i.ot be a desirable connection even if her daughter could produce a certificate of soundness, and Reuben were old enough to marry. I hope he has not committed him self, but he stuck very close to her last night and they have been together all morning. If he has we shall have trouble,' reflected Mr. Coacher, whom Lyle had told all about Nora and her mother. He did Mrs. Armitage and injustice ; she was neither an habitual liar nor, at the moment, conscientiously lying. For it is a singular fact that most victims of consumption will say almost anything rather than admit that they are affected with that fell disease. The same with their kin ; they call it incipient phthisis, lung trouble, chronic catarrh, any thing but consumption. It was so with Mrs. Armitage. She had persuaded herself that though Noru's lungs might once have been slightly affected, they were now fully restored, and that there was no reason why she should not marry and become the mot her of healthy children. That she was acting dishonoumby in trying to inveigle a minor into marriage with her daughter may have occurred to Mrs. Armitage, but did not trouble her. Nora was a good girl and would make him a good wife. What could his friends want more? The eud justi fied the means, aud if people might say. If she failed it would be entirely owing to that horrid Lyle, and she was as strongly bent on foiling him as he was on thwarting her. ' Here comes Reuben aud Lyle !' exclaimed Mr. Coacher, ' and well they look ; if fitness goes for anything in tobogganing they ought to wia.' Tltsn -1iM Inntr u-pll ? flipir fnpps U'Prfi nf a ruddy brown, their eyes bright, with a bright ness that comes only of life in the open air at great heights, and since they left England both had put on tiesh. They seemed in high spirits too ; for Reuben's prospects were splen did and his worries insignificant, and Lyle was well physically that though his prospects were precarious and his cares not always to be denied, he was able to carry them lightly, and, for the most part, felt as happy as he looked. ' How soon are you to begin, Mr. Fair light ?' asked Mr?. Armitage. ' In a few minutes. Wendover, that long-legged chap with red head, goes first. Sewell second, myself third, and Lyle fourth. I think you will see better lower dowa, near the straight and beyond the road. That's where we put on best speed.' ' Where Air. Hopper is siaading with his camera, intent on takiug shots at the men as they get spilt?' ' Exactly. Uut Lyle and I don't mean to get split, if we can help it ; and if we do, a header into sof c suow does not amount to much. Each man's time is chalked up on a board near the starliug post, which you will be able to see.' Aa the others moved on Esroeralda lingered. ' Do be careful, Reuben, if only for my sake. It would be such a pily, and I should be so sorry if you were to come to harm,' she said earnestly, speaking to her brother, but with a glance at Lyle more expressive than words, a glance that troubled him both then and afterwards. ' All right, Esma. I'll come to no harm, yoa bet,' answered Reuben with a careless laugh. 'I have. gone down dozens of times in the last fortnight without getting hurt, though with many a spill ; so why should I get hurt to-day '! Racing is no more dangerous than practicing, und with so much snow a spill is really nothing ; all the same, I shall be careful, as much for my own sake as yours, for a spill loses time, and I want to make a record. ' Whereupon Esmeraldawentaway comforted, and Lyle and Reuben returned to the starting place. Soon the racing began. The first part was comparatively easy, being neither very crooked nor very steep, but further on were an and the Cresta Leap— a terrific descent into a hollow, though perhaps less formidable than it looked. Once in the hollow the tobogganer was safe, for he had only to brake hard, spin up the opposite slope, gain the level and run into the snow. But if he missed taking the corner ia time he was sure to come to grief. 'The long-legged chap with the red head,' as Reuben called him, steered well, but some of the more knowing ones said that he had not enough speed on, and when the figures went up it was seen that he had made indifferent time, sixty-one seconds and a fraction. ' Anyhow he has escaped disaster,' observed somebody. ' For which he ought to be truly thankful. I would not slither down that litll headforemost for a million pouuds,' quoth Mr. Coacher, with a shudder. ' Don't you think you can persuade your brother to renounce his inten tion of competing, Miss Fairlight? I am sure it is highly dangerous, aud his is a valuable life.' ' Reuben is quite resolved, and nothing that either you or I could say would turn him from his purpose,' returned Esmeralda. 'And really, you know I don't think there is anything much to fear, Everybody says it is ' Beeide8, Mr. Fairlight has entered his name, aud to back out were toshotv the white feather ; and surely no man of spirit would hesitate to do what girls have done,' put in Miss Armitage, scornfully. ' Girls ? God bless me ! Girls J You surely don't mean to say that girls ever go head foremost down that hill?' exclaimed Mr. Coacher, with a look of horror. ' Several did last season. FlorricSannders, who was under ten years of age, went down ever so many times from the very top, and the Church Leap is ever so much more formidable than the Cresta Leap.' ' ' Pon my word ! I never heard of such a thing ; and was the poor child never hurt?' 'Not much. I saw her carried away insensible twice, but she always came to in a short time, seemed to enjoy it, and was soon all right.' ' Enjoyed being hurt I This beats cock fighting. I thought last night I had got into a lunatic asylum. I see now that this is a community of lunatics. Is there any necessary connection between consumption and madness, Miss Armitage ?'' 'As I am neither a consumptive nor a lunatic I cannot tell you. Ask Dr. Ronr laDd,' answered Nora, laughing yet indignant. 41 Hallo ! Here comes Sewell,' sang out somebody. ' Ah, will you kiudly step a little to one side so that I may take a good shot at him, if he falls,' said Mr. Hopper. 'There! I have got him,' he cried triumphantly, as Sewel, driving against the corner instead of rounding it, took a header into the snow — luckily for him, since if he had fallen ou tho tee it might have been a case of broken limbs or a fractured skull. Two men who were near pulled him out by the lpgs. 'Arc you hurl?' they asked, as he shook himself like a dog coming out of the water. ' No, but I have lost all chance of a good place, and that is a good deal worse,' he answered, dragging his toboggan out of the snow . Next catne Reuben ; and us he shot past at a rate of nearly a mile a minute Esmeralda held her breath, and Nora, for all her bravery, turned pale, but the next moment he was running up the slope. His time was fifty-six seconds and a fifth, which the knowing on lookers declared was very good indeed for a beginner, aud that Mr. Pairlight would be bad to beat. To him followed Lyle. His time was exactly fifty-six second?. He had beaten Reuben by the fifth of a second. ' That is because he is heavier. Weight always tells iu a toboggan race. In my opinion the heavier men ought to be handicapped. However, the race is not over yet ; there are several more meu to go down and two more heats to be run, and if Mr. Lyle has a fall he won't have the ghost of a chance. I still think Mr. Fairlight will be the winner,' remarked Miss Armituge, with an air which implied that she wanted Lyle to fall quite as much as she wanted Reuben to win. After Lyle came half a dozen others, two of whom fell at the fatal corner without being hurt, to Mr. Hopper's delight. ' Three spills out of ten runs, and two heats still to come. I have not done so well for a long time,' he exclaimed gleefully. My collection now amounts to nearly a hundred. I shall be pleased to let you see them, Miss Fair light; some of them are very interesting.' Esmeralda thanked the little man for his obliging offer, und so soon as the last com petitor had drugged his toboggan up to the starting place the racing recommenced, in reverse order to the first time. At last came Lyle'e turn. A little way above Bulpett's Corner the ruu crosses the highway, and here men were stationed to keep the course clear ; but Lyle had no sooner got under way than an impatient sleigh-driver with a pulling horse, thinking he couid get past in time, disregarded the watchers' warnings and made a dash for it. Lyle saw the danger, saw that to collide with the sleigh were almost certain death, and being unable to pull up, attempted to steer his toboggan against the bank and throw himself mto tne snow, iu tins lie tailed ; instead ot going into the snow he was thrown with great violence on to the ice, with his toboggan on top of him, and after rolling over two or three times brought to, insensible and covered with blood. VVomen screamed, men ran to Lyle, and raising him in their arms, drew him off the run. 'What is it? What has happened?' inquired a lady who had not seen the accident. ' Lyle has come a bad cropper— and Miss Fairlight has fainted. Here she is, lying on the snow. Do you happen to have a bottle of smelling salts in your pocket?' exclaimed Hopper, who was hopping about in a state of great excitement. 