Captain'sFlat. :o: Social, On Thursday last a very successful social in aid of the R. O. Church was held in Cooper's Hall, and a handsome sum, which will Ie appropriated towards clearing oft the church debt, was realizsd. There were rather too many couples on the floor to permit of comfortable dancing, but notwithetandint this fact everyone present appeared well pleased with the efforts of a very energetic committee to cater for their pleasure. The hall was tastefully decorated with ferns and Chinese lanterns, and the behrming manner in which a number of ladies were dressed greatly enhanced the pleasing effect of the gathering. The music was provided by Meadames Fraser and Buchanan and Miss U. McLaughlin on the piano, and by Messrs Yates, Cunninghame and Well on the violin, the committee being indebted to these ladies and gentlemen for their gratuitous services, as also to Mr. A. E. Cooper, who kindly gave the use of the hall free. Under the able management of a number of ladies light refreshments were provided, and those entrusted with this important depaitment are to he complimented upon the manner in which they carried out their duties. Dramatic Entertainment. On Saturday night the members of the local Amateur Dramatic Clot gave an enter tainment in aid of the Club. The first p irt of the programme consisted of a farcical comedy entitled "The Teree Hats." Mr J. Adrien and Mrs S. Lee carried out their parts as " Mr and Mrs Slwyn" and Misses Dunshea and McInnis, who portrayed the characters of " Lottie Blithers " and "Tilly" respectively. The other members of the caste were " Frederick Bell Amy," " Professor Blithes," " Captain Katakill," and " Dibbs," " who were represented by Messrs Scott,Lilley, S Lee and H. R Lee in the order named. " The second part comprised several popular songs, which were well teceived, also an I exhibition of stepdancing. The closing item of the programme was a laughable farce, which.createct considerable amusement, add was carn ied out by Messrs S. and H. R. Lee, who were assisted by Mr H. Taylor in the character of a ghost. The house was e only moderately filled, but the audience pre-ent appeared to appreciate the efforts of those present to cater to their amusement. The Committee have been asked by several prominent townspeople to reproduce the comedy, but nothing definite has been decided Beyond the fact that it affards amusing recreation to the public, members of the club receive no personal benefit, certainly no pecuniary benefit, as it would appear some are deluded enough to believe. On the contrary the stanging of a dramatic perform ance entails considerable tuouble and incon venitnce on the amateur players, besides which many of them find themselves out of pocket in connection with their laudable 1 effort to provide popular amusement. New Post Office. The postal and telegraph business has now been transferred to the new building, which was opened to the public on Monday morn ing. It is understood that the official open I ing will take place shortly. Coursing. The remaining heats in connection with the sweep referred to in a previous issue, were run off on Sunday last at B'llallaba. There were about one hundred present and a splendid day's sport was experienced. The heats run off resulted as follows D. Roach's "Bubbles" beat T. Mason's " Aladin." J. Daley's " Victer " beat F. Spicer's " Traveller." F. Higgin's "Secret " beat G. Goggin's " Be!la." In the second round G. Burn's "Tricolor" beat D. Roach's " Bubbles," and J. Daley's " Victor " beat F. Higgin's " S.creb." The final lay between "T'ricolor" and " Victor," and was won by the first named. The winning dog, "Tricolor" is brindle colored and is a fine looking animal. The Club intends to run off another sweep in three week's time, and on this occasion , the entrance fee will he ten shillings. The Weather. A very heavy thunderstorm passed over the town early on Sunday morning, accom panied by terrific gushes of wind, which played havoc with any movable objents. Mackey's large circus tent!, the sides of ahich only were standing ats the ti'me, was blown down and very much damaged, luieces of canvas being wlhirled many yards away. Ryan Cup Competition. The match for the above came off on Sat urday and resulted in a wit, for the Uniiteds by 3 points to nil. The game was very stubbornly fought omit, and muntil time was o'lled the result hung in doubt, for the Rovers seemed to be dangerously close to scoring more than once during the second half. During the first half several disgrace ful scenes occurred throughl mnmbers of both teams indulging in lighting. A referee is wanted with sufficient moral courage to ord sr off the ground those who give way to such brutalism. Other memters of the team feel deeply aggrieved that such repugnant and unoalled for scenes oagurred For the victors Fraser and Dwyr played especially well. Ileeger, Pearce and Brogan being also prominent. For the Rovers J. and P. Coffey, McMahon, Taylor and Burns lent valuable aid to their side, being noted foa the consistent manner in which they played on the b ill. The teams were Uniteds-Fullback,T. Hill ; threequarters' W. Hutton, P. Hardy and F. McNerney P five eighth, W. Fraser ; half, F. Hines; wings, G. Heeger and J. Osborne; forwards, A. Brogan, R. Pearce, C. McDonagh, A. Glanville, W. Hillbrick, H. Dargue and R. Dwyir. Rovers-Fullback, P. Coffey 1 three. quarters, J. Devlin, R. Taylor and J. Stewart ; five eighths, John Coffey (captain) ; half, J. Burns ; wings, W. McMabon and J. O'Brien ; forwards, G Moore, D. O'Connell, J. Currie, W. Stewart. J. Carney, J. Morgan and Hanaford. Unitede won the toes, the Rovers kicking off at 4 40. The ball was returned, but very quipkly found its way into Uniteds 25. Hill got il, a useful kick oib of bounds halfway, ' but chiefly by the aid of J. Coffey it we. taken dangerously close to United's line. By a good piece of play Heeger dribbled the ball out of danger, but it was quickly rushed back and scrums close to the lite followed, Rovers gaining inch by inch. Penalty kicks gave relief to the Uniteds. Two useful kicks by Fraser and Hutton, and the ball went out of bounds in Rovers ground. After midway play J. Cuffey's attempt at goal from a ftee fell short. The ball was returned halfway, but with a good rush the Rovers pressed the Uniteds again, Moore I eing prominent, but Hill relieved out of boundti. Devlin showed prominent, but the rush by United forwards carried the ball into Rovers 25, and scrum in front of goal. Rally by Rovers and they went close to scoring, Fraser relieving. The United forwards smartly followed up a kick, and got close. With two opponents hanging on to him, Pearse threw himself over the line and scored the frist try the Uniteds have scored this season, amidst deafening cheers. The kick at goal went wide. Half time was announced soon after. In the second half the Rovers were per- mitted to play Long in place of O'Brien, who hurt his shoulder. The kickoff was followed by return kicks, going out at half. The Rovers went down the field with a rush, Fraser, who was playing splendidly, falling on the ball. By his aid chiefly the United's pressed Rovers, and looked like increasing their score, but a timely rally relieved. Midway play followed. Backwards and forwards the ball went, both sides striving hard. Good kick by Fraser, and scrums in Rovers 25. Devlin put in a good run. Fraser carried the leather well up the field, but Rovers rushed it back. From a kick by Dwyr Hardy marked, and drop kicked at goal, the Rovers forcing. From kick off halfway play, splendid run by J. Coffey, his men following on, and Rovers very nearly scored. A good kick by Uniteds reli'ved, and their forwards worked the ball back into dangerous proximity to Rovers line. Taylor put in a good run, and ball sent out of bounds halfway. Shortly after the whistle sounded for full time, the maroon and white boys being the victors by 3 points to nil. Mr L. Pola acted as referee. The splendid record attained by the Rovers in Cup matches throughout last season, and also during this season until last Saturday, has now been somewhat altered, though it is still a very brilliant one. We are informed that, according to prom- ise, Mr R. Pearse, who scored the winning try, is to be presented with a cap of honor by Mr Sid Lee, and a local business man has also donated a token of his appreciation. It is probable that the two teams will meet again next Saturday in connection with the same competition. Trinity College Examination We have pleasure in announcing the success of MiEs C. McLaughlin of this town, who has recently passed the music examination in the Junior Section, as required by the Tainity College. Prior to becoming a pupil of St Mary's College, Fivedock, some six weeks previous to the examination, the successful candidate was tutored locally by Miss 0. McLaughlin, who is an able instructress in the musical are. 