OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. HOW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS I MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from well-known and highly respected colonists is always worth printing, and the words of Mr George Marner, of "Lamington," Victoria Road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature:--"I thought I would lose my daughter. Miss Alice," said Mr Marner to our reporter recently, "she irrc oevrgrotwing her rsrenlth. Medical men could do nothing for her." Here Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. "I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she, " Idid not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continuerd feeling that made me most miserable. Fatter took me to ace a doctor, and he Mid I was overgrowing my strength, I and he said I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and hack, and at night I could searcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr marner, "but it had no effect; then I consulted a well-known Colt lins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queens. land, but she returned looking worse. She would retch on rising in the morning; any e food taken couhl not be kept down. She t lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. 31b., now I am a9t. 71bs." "A great improvement your treatment a must have been beneficial " , "No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. t Just before'the Jubilee holidays, last year. father bought me a box of Dr. Wilhlama' t Pills, at Mr Pleasance's, Chapel Street, Prahranu, they did me somuch good that I continued with them, and now I am as healthy as anyone could wish." : "And you would recommend theta?" S "Yes ; and that strongly too," said Mr g Marner, "had I known of Dr Williams' ,e Pink Pills two years before, it would have d saved me a hundred pounds." Parents should think orer tlli-goold halth k and a hundrstl poul:. eared. r It is undlsputed that Dr. Williams' Pink ). Pills build up the constitution, strengthen oe the system, nrich the blood, and improve y the brain. They arer a certain care for in of digestion, pmples, skin diseases, liver and s idiey troubles, biliousness, an:emia, sleep. re lessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of phy sical strength, neuralgia, all female irregu se laritim, debility, sick headache, loss of vital ge forces, &c.; Obtainable from all chemists er and dealers, or from the Dr Williams' Medi rm cine Co., c/o Rooko, Tompsitt & Co., Flin. s- ders.streetr Melbourne, who will forward of six hovea for fifteen and threepenrs, or one box for 2s Sd, post free, 