THE THREE DISGRACES (complete IN TBIS ISSUE ; . BY JUSTIN M 'GARTH Y, Author of "Doar Lady Disdain," " Rod Diamonds," "Camiola," &o.;, <co. '. corYBioirr. &RI; OH TO N Emlay was some few years ago a young and pro mising writer of 8$) novels and short Y stories, whoso J path of fiction led him mostly into the tangled alleys and amid the deadly- nightshade i bowers of the \ sensational ro- A mance. A He was fairly £2 successful in his — » . "" work — ho had hopes of greater success — ho enjoyed his craft,, and he liked life gonorally, und he looked on the sooial world us a vast and inexhaustible reservoir of materials for short stoty, study of charaoter and exciting incident, and for the more pro longed emotion of the tliree-volumo novel. But ho had as yet bad no cxperioncc of his own in anything romantio ; ho had only once been really in love, and this love affair was of tho most unpromising nature possible even for a tomancist. Tho girl ho loved was a young Russian woman of greut ruuk whom lie hud met' during a season's visit to St. Petersburg and Moscow. It was tho first and only visit he had paid to Russia, and ho hud- gono tliero in quest of materials for a novel about nihilists and dynamite, und all that sort of thing. After he hud got thero uhd studied St. Petersburg and Moscow, he did not seem to see his way to any story of tho kind. No dynamite crashed anywhere along his quiet road. Ho enjoyed liimsolf much, however ; ho had gbod letters 'of introduction, and was well received in society, und thero he mot the daughter of Prince vassili, and straightway fell in love witii her. Tho father of tho -princess was a great noble who was- understood to have advanced views in politics, und was therefore looked upon with a little, disfavour at court, but whoso rank, wealth, und social position made him a brilliant figure in the life of St. Petersburg, ai& perhaps oven more in the life of Moscow. rHe liaa two daughters, both beautiful, graceful, and clever, and it was with the elder of the two that Emluy fell in love. But Emlay never told her of his love — never bad a chunco of making such an avowal, and would not have made it evon if he hud had the chunco. What could a. struggling London novelist have to do with the elder daughter .of the great Prince Vassili? Tho princess smiled on him, was kind to him, and seemed to like him, but Crichton Emlay kept his love to himself, and he finished his holiday, and oume buck to London, and made studies of the Princess Marie, under various forms of fiction, principally in .short story, and wus sadly convinced that they were very poor attempts indeed at portraiture, although he got much pruise from many papers for his charming and delightful heroines. Tho princess was becoming only a shadow to him but yet she wus a shudow which stood ghost like at the' gatowuy of his heart and, as ghosts' have often done, prevented any other form from passing in. Suddenly there came news to London whioh interested " the public slightly, hut which absorbed the attention of Crichton Emlay. The Prince Vassili had fallen into terrible disgrace. Ho bad been said to be conneoted with some revolutionaryplot. He was travel-, ling abroad with his wife and two daughters when the plot— if thero was a plot — was dis covered. - He had not ventured to return to Russia and stand - his' trial; and nobody, ; \- it appeared,- now- knew where ho was. Ho had been heard of lost at Now Orleans, and an application was actually made by Russia to the United States for his extradition. But thero were two difficulties in tho way- first, the Russian Government were not able to aay where ho was to bo found, and, next, the Government of the United States would never entertain tho idea of giving him up \- unless it could be proved that his plot, what ever it might be, involved murder as well as polities. So the demand was dropped, and the whole subject soon faded out of public memory, so far, at leust, 'as England und the United States were concerned. . It wus remembered very, keenly still in Russia. Criohton Emlay was living in a pioturesque and somowhat esthetic suburb of London, ,on tho farther verge of Chelsea. The houses were all of 'the intense Queen Anno order, and tho red brick and the white-edged windows gave tho place a decided stamp of sclf-uonsoious superiority. A good muny artists and authors lived thero. Thoy were rising men us yet ; thoy were not risen men. Risen mon would have taken themselves off to Home more distinctly fashionable quarter. Thero were some rising doctors thero -too, and some rich city men, who liked to bo regarded as persons with a taste for the pioturesque and the artistic. Criohton lived in a little flat in Tonuyson terrace, and just opposite to him were tho Robert Browniug Gardens. In the Robert Browning Gardens had stood for a long timo an uuoccupied houso with a sort of huge- breastplate on it, uud an inscription thereon in letters of white paint on u background of black, proclaiming that tho house was to be . let or sold, concluding with a reference to certain agents who wero willing to .take' cbargo of tho letting or the sule. Every morning lis ho was dressing and glanced across the road Emlay observed the announce ment, und began wondering who had lived there, and why they had gone away, and who would fill their vacant places, and whether it would over bo any concern of his if tho house wus soon again occupied or remained us a howling wilderness for ever. -And, behold, one morning hoarosoand looked < out of his window and the entablature .wus gone, and it wus borne in upon his mind that a new coiner wus urriving at last. Criohton fait a sort of languid interest in the movement.- He found himself asking of his own soul the question, " Will it turn out to be a matter of any personal concern to me ?" And the unswer eamopromptly baok, "No, of course not, not the slightest personal concern. Why should it ? How could it ? What can it mutter to me who comes or who- goes in the' houses around mo? I don't .'know at this partioular moment who is my next door iioighbonr, and I don't want to. know. Iu fact, -I think I would very much rather not know." But this time, someh'ow,.he felt strangely: ourious, inquisitive, and interested. Other things, however, called off his attention, and he forgot all about , tho expected oceupants- of tho house over the -way.- Some days' passed, mid ho had not soon or heard any thing about his new neighbour's. He did not oven know whether the now neighbours had taken up their abode in thB house just- opposite to him. . . Emlay was .accustomed to have an early rido hi tho park every morning. It was ono of his luxuries, and lie could not do without, i it. He often mot in the park 's nearheigh- : hour Of his, the sturdy Goncral Drinkwatcr, \- who lived in Toiiuyeon terrace. Ono l partioular morning General Drinkwuter and > h ; found themselves riding side by side. - ."I say,' Emlay," tho gallant general.' said, \- "do look at your opposito neighbours.'" " What neighbours ? And where ?" ' Criohton unswered, somowhat puzzled. "Those . threo' womonT-don't you see- there on the wulk, just codling towards us." "I seo three odd-looking women, but how are they neighbours of mine ? They certainly are very odd-looking." . "Don't you know anything about them?" j "N'ury thing." , ! . " Well, you won't be long in that blessed state of ignorunoe. Why, man, they huve I tukon tho house right opposite to you in | Robert Browning Gardens. I saw them the | very first day thoy eame into the house, and I . ' never saw such odd-looking oreatures in my ; life." . Ton seem ulwaya to be on- the lookout for beauties, genoral,'! Criohton said with a smile. ''Well, I suppose boy swill bo-boys." " Tko good bid general grinned. He liked to bo-dhaffod in that sort of way.' " . " Didn't come iu for much beauty there," he said. Tho women did certainly look vory odd, and more , than odd." Two wore tall and ono was short. Tho tail wero girls, tho short waa an oldorly woman. The girls wore hugo hats, with whole flower beds disposed on tbem. , Their dresses were garnished with ribbons of various gaady colours.' Their .skirts trailed on the ground at one sido, and were surprisingly tuoked up at tho other. The tuoked up aide made an astonishing, display of rod silk stooking and yellow shoe .with shiny buokie. Tho tall girls had veils drawn olosely over tho upper part of the foco, and tho lower part of tlio face was unmistak ably painted— daubed rather. The lips wore like ttonrb kind of ohcrry paste, The ehins had a touoh of whito pigment. The eyes, so far as could bo seen, shone docply under dyo of somo kind. The two girls nppeured to huvo superb figures,, as fur a-i suuh drosB could uliovr the figure to bo fairly seen, and yet their movements wpro .curiously awkward and ungainly. Sometimes they waddled and sometimes they minced- and sometimes they strode. - The shortor and elder woman had ber veil up and her eyes beamed through spectacles. When Emlay saw them now, for the first time, an odd idea oconrred to him. "They certainly can't bo called the Three Graces," he said to himself. "Perhaps one might call them the Three Disgraces." Thoy were curiously on his mind as he rode home, and he set himself to study them. Nobody, ever seemed to visit their curious household.. An elderly lady, presumably the mother of the girls and presumably too the woman he saw in the park, was oftea seen at an open window reading or knitting. An elderly man left the house every morning punctually at nine, and returned every ovoning punctually at b!x. This was no doubt tbo father of the girls. Genornl Drink- water told Criohton that he had heard tlio father was a rioh old Jew doing business somewhere in tlio region of Pcttiociit lane, bnt the locality seemed to bo rather a surmise of tlio gullant general's, und to havo come up from his sudden dislike of tho now residents. General Drinkwater was not by any moans alono in his dislike. Most of tho neighbours grumbled at the sight of the throe woman. Crichton saw them very often : passed and repassed them on the Cholseu Embankment. Thoy wero always patrolling there. They nevor seemed to know unyono. People stared at tliem, turned round and looked after thoin. They did not soem to mind in the least. One day, Criohton passed quite' near tliem, and the taller of tlio two girls sent a sudden flash out of her eyes— Crichton could just seo the light of tlio eyes through the veil— as if she recognised hiin. Then the light of the eyes shrank back into the shelter of the veil again, and Crichton assumed that ho must have been mistaken when lie thought tho girl liud looked at him with any meaning in her expression. "Thoy surely are not English girls," he thought, and yet he could hour as ho passed that they were chattering English to oaoh, otlior. "Polish Jewesses," he said to him self. "These Polish Jews and Jewesses can learn to talk any language liko natives." He began to wonder whother the materials of a. story could he got out of them, and this thought distinctly quickened his morbid interest in them. In any case his interest, morbid or not, was not destined to be allowed to die utterly away. As for instanco : — "Mr. Emlay! Mr. Emlay!" cried a pretty young murried womnn to Criohton at an evening party in Chelsea, "I-do so much want to ask you about your opposite neigh bours. Who are they? What are thoy ? And oan nothing be dono to get rid of them ? Must we always have them with us— like the poor?" , The questioning lndy was the young wife, tho sooond wife, of the leading clergyman in the locality, and she oaught hold of Criohton at what was called a " neighbours'1 nartv " in thut part of Chelsea. ' The quarter was getting rather proud of itself. It was becoming artistic, literary, and oven smart. There wero three or four peers who had taken to living there, and some influential members of the House of Commons. These '.'neighbours' parties" wore meant to bring together nil. tho boat- peoplo. To be invited to them argued that you belonged to tho best circle— the inner circlo of sooial life in that region. The smart people of' tho quarter wore very proud of. their peera and peeressea and' other distingaised folk, and naturally Mrs. St.. Bosworth, tbe. pretty bright-oyed wife of tho church dignitary, was very careful ubout the ' reputation of the whole place. ' "My dear Mrs. St. Bosworth," Criohton explained, not without a smile, I um afraid I can't tell you anything ubout them ; I don't know who they are, or where they oame from." "But you havo seen them— now come, you. must have seen them." "Oh, yes, I have seen them more than onco." " Well, and what do you think of them ? I want to know." They are veiy odd cortainly, and curiously made up, and painted, I suppose." "Painted ? Yes, and glazed, I Bhould think. The paint seems put on with a swooping brush. Havo you noticed their potticoats ?" "Yes," Crichton answered with dao gravity, " I couldn't holp notioing their pctticouts." " Well, and what do you make of them ?" " Of the petticoats ?" "Nousenoe ; no ; of the women." "I don't know ; I really can't make any thing of them." "Well, I have had them watched," Mrs. St. Bosworth said triumphantly. , " Yon have had them watched f" ' ' Certainly I have. Do you thiak I intend to allow this neighbourhood to be disgraced by these frights? Do you know that I call them tlio- Three Frights ?" "I was inclined." Crichton enid timor ously, not.quite knowing whether tho earnest little lady would seo the point of the joko, " to call them the Threo Disgraces." "Three Disgraces? Yes — well, how is that ? Oh, yes, I see — of courso, I see— tho Threo Graces— tho Three Disgraces. Very good, I am quite willing to adopt it. I think it is muoh better than my Frights. Yes, . I have had them watched. I folt it was my duty." "Not really! And what havo you found out?" ' Mrs. St. Bosworth shook her head in a disappointed way. "To toll the truth, I have not been able to find out anything aguinst them ; no, not a word." ' She seemed liko one wronged by fate. "No? But you must be vory glad of that." "Yes; of courso one must he.. My hus band is vory glad, hut he is naturally a much better Christian than I. Ob, yes, ho is quite glad, hut I am - afraid I was . only thinking whether we couldn't get them out of this neighbourhood. You ape we really are very seleot just here, and there are lota of places whero these Three Frights — oh, I mean these Three Disgraoes— would not he minded at all. I think it s rathor hard on us, don't you ?" , Then Bome other peoplo joined in' the con versation, and Criohton Emlay easily con trived to escape. But ho began to find him self curiously interested in tho Three Disgraces. Ho could not koop them out of his mind. Ho was impressed in an uncanny sort of way. Even the talk of Mrs.. St. Bosworth, so harmlessly frothy and narrowly ingenuous us it was, impressed him. more and more with thiB strungo Hense of perplexity in a problem whioh had .no oall on him for solution, and with a business whioh was absolutely no concern of his. Who on - earth wero theso Three DlBgraoes? And in any case, what did it matter to him who thoy wore? . So ho was thinking as he walked slowly along the Ohelsoa Embankment on his home ward -way. It distressed him tliat . bo Should havo to wasto any of his thoughts on theso absurd ungainly womou,. and yet. it seemed to .bo fated that he must feel an interest in them. . " Can it be," ho asked himself oshe walked homo that night, " that I am blessed by for tune with the ohancn of making a sensational story out of them P" Full of that hope, he trod the Chelsea embankment. The night wits warm and soft' in early summer, one of those rare dolioioiia nights whioh make us unwilling to under stand what tho earlier writers in prose and poetry meant when they pictured the charms' of an English June; - Emlay -wore a light gray coat ovor his dress suit, and he remembered witb a ourious flash of rcoolleotion that ho hug worn the same light gray coat one warm evening when he was returning -from a dinner party in-Mos- oo w, where he had met and' talked with the PrincoM Mario, and when he had first began to realise that ho had fallen in love with nor. How far away it seamed, that time, and yet the light gray coat was not old. Thero was not anything liko an interval whioh could have allowed the Princess Marie to change in appearance, to lose' any of her oharma. He was thinking of this when he found himsolf almost unennsoiously -undor tho windows of the house whioh was ooonpied by the Three Disgraces. Thoro wore lights in tho drawing-room windows, lights somewhat softened and sup pressed. The windows of the drawing- room were partly open; Thi-'rest of tho houso was in darkness. There, wop singing heard from the drawing-room, but the tone of the sing ing, liko tho tone of the light, was somewhat subdued. Still Criohton Emlay, who had positively stopped to listen before orossing tho street to his own home, oonld distinotly make out that it was the singing of rousio- haU minstrelsy belonging to London and to Paris. The songs wore now in English and now in Frenoh. i ' These Polish Jewesses," he thought to himself, " that is the ouly sort of thing they oare about," and he waa on the move to oross. the road and go home to his own den. The house of the Three Disgraoes had, like all the other houses in the terrace, a balcony, in. front of its drawing-room windows. Criohton suddenly " beoatuo aware," aa .the old poets pat it, of a woman's figure standing in the balcony. - The woman was looking down into the garden and up and down the street. Had she seen him ? He hoped not, for he had undoubtedly been listening ; and although it was very harmless listening, yet it might seem rude, and the poor 'Disgraces would perhaps bo sensitive to suoh sort of attention. Or perhaps they would not mind, perhaps thoy would rathor like it; people of that sort wero not usually over-sensitive. But anyhow, whethor the women or the woman liked it or did not . like it, Criohton felt abashed, at the idea of being caught in a listening attitudo. He drew himself into the shudow and waited for the woman to go buck into tho house. . But she, standing in the balcony, began to sing, or croon, in a low voice, a little French song whioh he know only too well. It wus a song which ho hud heard the Princess Marie sing, und had nevor heard sung by anyone else. It was sung now in a voico exquisitely sweet, soft, and plaintive, so low thut there was "nothing lived 'twixt it and silence." And our puor friend Crichton started, as if from common-place and prosaio life lio had suddenly found himself sot down in a land of blissful enchantment, and he said to his beat- ing.henrt, "It is the Princess Marie !" And he advanced involuntarily from the shadow, and with his movement the figure disappeared from tho balcony. For a moment ho stood there and could not move. In another moment the door of the house was opened, and a woman name gliding, not running,' towards him where he stood. Sho spoke a few hurried words in Russian. Crichton hud picked up enough of Russian to know what she was Buying. "At last, at last you have come," were her words. Then she drew Hose to him, and then shrunk back with a look of disappointment and alarm. It was the elder of the two girl- Disgraces; there eould be no doubt about that. There in the bright soft moonlight, Criohton could seo the face raddled with rouge and made ghastly white with paint; But he had heard the voice and the sofig, and ho saw the eyes, and he knew it wus -the Princess Marie'. _ " Why Inive you come hero?" she asked him in a quivering, low-toned voice, and yet in a voice thrilling with emotion. "Do you know me?" Criohton asked in a tone as low as her own. "Yes, Iknowyou; of course I know yon. Bnt it is not to the purpose whether I know you or not. Do you know me ?" J' Yes,. I know yon. I know you by your voice.-' You are the Princess Marie." " Hush, hush, for heaven's ' sake ! No namos here ! Why da you come here ? You do not come to watoh us', to spy oii us ?" "Oh !" Ho positively 'started with horror and resentment at this oruel stab. Tho girl's voico softened. "No," she- said, ;"you -brave '-.English gentlemen do not aot the part of spies. And besides, I know you, and I liked you— we all liked you, my father 'and all. I was waiting for my father here to-night. I sang that little song as a signal that he might come; for I thought your figure was his.. Now I know ho will not come to-night. So go away, do not stay another moment, do not ask me any questions, hut go away." " Am I never to know ? I might be able to servo you." " Somo time, perhaps; but not now. Good night." Sho almost pushed him from her. He gave one lost look into her fnce— that painted, doscorutcd face, that bewildering masquerade, for lie could not doubt that it was a plunned and purposed masquerado, and planned for. a good purpose. He left her without glanoing baok, and hurried to his home. There was ono comfort, the street was absolutely deserted. Even already the lights were out in tho drawing-room of tho Throe Disgraces, and all tho other windows that he could sec on either sido of tho street, save for somo few bedroom windows, were quite in darkness. He was convinced that neither Tonnyson Terrace nor Robert Browning Gardens could havo seen anything of his sudden meeting with tho Princess. Mario. He sat up late that night, and smoked many pipos, and racked his brain vainly in attempts to gnoss at some explanation of this marvel lous mystery. His 'sleeping night wus a night of phantom-haunted and bewildering dreamB— about rescues, by him, of the Princess Marie.' . . Next morning' he received a short and simple letter, written in the hand, apparently, of a housemaid, and containing the words : " Can you be.in Battersea Park to-day at twelve— near the pond? If so, I may see you.'' It was signed " Mary." Criohton had not the slightest doubt as to tho idontity of the writer, and he took good care to be in Battorsea'Park at noon thatday, and not far away from the pond. He saw nursery-maids go by with perambulators, and ho saw romping little girls and boys and eldorly women with basketsj but he did not see any of the Three Disgraces; he did not Bee the Princess Marie. ' Ho was growing disappointed, perploxed, and angry. Then there came along ono of the pathways near to him a young woman look ing like an overworked governess, in a cotton frock and a Hkabby shawl. Sho wub reading a book as she tramped along. Ho saw that sho was reading through green speotaoles. All his life long Crichton had detested green spectacles when worn by woman. But as the girl passed him she lifted the green speotaoles for a moment, and ho saw the bright eyes of the Princess Marie. " Good morning, Mr. Emlay," she said, in words that had' only tho faintest traoe of a foreign accont in them. " I see that I must make myself known since you did not recojrniBO me." "I knew yonr eyes," he stammered. "Not through the speotaoles. Oh, no ; I might have passed quite unknown to you if I had not lifted the' speotaoles. Well, will you walk with me for a little?. The lady who employs me is not likely to bo any whSo about here to-day, and she will never euspeot that her nursery governess is walking with a young man." ; "Are you really playing the' part of a nursery governess, too?" ho asked ' in utter amazement. " Yes, that is one of my parts. But I am only a nursery governess who gives' lessons on oertain days of tho week, and this is not one of my days, and so I feel quite safe. Do you want to know why I havo asked you to moot mo bore just now ?" "I am deeply anxious to know. I am deeply interested in you." " Thank you ; I am very glad to hear it. I asked you here because'I do not want you to bo seen coming to our house,-' and I want to toll you, aineo you havo fonnd ua out, why we are playing these extraordinary pranks. How you found us out I have not the leas) idea ; but it is only too certain that if a friend oould find us. out an enemy would be still mora likely to get at us through any dis- guiBe." . "I did not find you out," he stammered. " It was all the merest matter of ohanoo." "Did you think us very horrible? You know I saw.yon often and often usyou passed us on tho Embankment. . We wore aU greatly amused at meeting you." . , ." Then yon all recognised me ?" . - '.Recoguiaed . youP.-' Of oourae we did. Why should wo not kitow you on tho Chelsea Embankment as wolb as in - Petersburg or Moscow ? You wore, not disguised. - We were." ' " Yon wore, indeod,".' ho said einpbatioally. . " I never should .have known any of 1 you — no, not evon you," ho. added, witii a oortuin deeper tono in his voice, as ho glanced at her and her green speotaoles. " Weil," sho said, hastily, and yet gravMy, "wo- had to he disguised. Our ono grout objeot was to avert susploion aa to my father's whereabouts: He oould be snfo nowhere but in London, and he could not be safe oven in .London if we did not <take some means to prevent anybody from guessing who we were. So we thought it all out, and we decided that ,- our best ' plan would bo to mako ourselves donspiouous and ridioulons. Any women would be willing to bide in obscurity for their futbers' sake— not muny women, we thought, not many women who bad-lived jn society und in fashion, would be supposed likely to make pablio and ridionlous exhibitions of themselves for uny purpose. Obscurity would never have sheltered us.; to be publi'oly ridiculous was our ouly safeguard.". She turned to him with panting breath. "Yonr idea was that the brilliant and fashionable Princesses Vassili would never be supposed by anyone to baTe turned them selves into the frights of a London suburb P" "Yes," she said, with a certain hesitanoy, " that waa our idea, and so far it has been uuoocssful. .Bnt yonr discovery frightened us ; not about you — oh, nor not aboiit you — but about others — about enemies keener-sighted, yes, far keener-sighted than you. We had to choose betweon - the risk of timid obsourityand the .risk, of flaunting ostenta tion. We thougbt.it all out, and we made our choice. So mr,.as I havo told you, it has saccoeded. But now that you have recog nised us, we begin to be afriiid.V - "Yes, but of what are yon afraid? Doyou really believe the English Government would ounsent to band over, your father to his political enemies in Russia? " "Oh no, .we don't suppose anything of tho kind. You don't quite understand onr fenrs. What we do fear is that unauthorised and officious service may be rendered here to the Russian Government; there might be a secret oapture — a kidnapping— oh, yes," and her cheeks turned deathlike pale, " even an assassination, < whioh -some of the ' base understrappers ' of the Russian police might believe -would be. wolcomo to the Czar and the Russian Government. . Oh, my friend, Loup tell you that such things aire not uncommon in the dismal story of our political movements in Russia. What is my father? Why ho is only what you here would call an advanced reformer, a man who thinks but of the welfare of his country, and of his people,, und of overy good Govern ment." Her eyes kindled and flashed.' "I am proud of my father!" sho said, in a tri umphant tone, and she sent a sidelong defiant glance at Criohton. ' "You have goodrightto be proud of liim," Criohton said fervently ; and .ho had not the slightest doubt of the truth of what he waa saying. He did not know much about the movements in which -Prince Vassili was en gaged, but ho knew..that he was talking to Prince Vassili's daughter, and he -knew that he was in love .with her, and that was enough for him. , . " Can I 'help you in any way— any way whatever ?" he asked. " I will do anything — run any risk — — " "Oh, no," she answered, gently. "There ia no riBk that you could run— or any English man. You caunot:help Us, you oan only give us your sympathy. ?. "Oh, -for that," he exclaimed, "you have all my sympathy, ..and muoh more1 than, my sympathy— and- you'l, must have' known that long ago." "Dear friend, is. this.a time for talking of things like that ?" - ; > ; " No,. I admit it.; fit is not the time. . Bnt may not .the time, come?" he asked, with passion in his voice.!. . . ' Ho had orossod the border and he was glad of it. ...He had forgotten his own compara tively obsoure position, and he had. ventured to make love to the. Princess Marie. For' the timo he did notrirromember that. Vthe Princess Marie waSr nn obsoure exile in London, watching over the life of her im perilled fathor. . .!! f'You aro a- strange- yonng man,"' the princess quietly said ;. " moatpeoplo seek their friends when ; thei- friends" are in prosperity; You wait to proclaim yonr friendship until the friends are in >obsottrily, and- in Sanger,': and in disgrace;"- '" "Then the time may come ?" " "If we get over this, the time may come. Now, goodbye. It" is not proper that a nursery governess in green speotaoles should, bo seen tulking too long to a young man in Battersea Park." " One moment before I go. What is your hope for your father ?' "He has the warm friendship ofthe Czare- witoh— who -is working heavon and' earth for him— without sucbess so far. -Now good bye until — " " May I not'seayou P." ' ' " No, not for the present." ' " Goodbyo ; don't forget me." "Forgetyou?" : 1 ' So they parted. Some months afterwards the newspapers .announced that tho', Prince Vassili, aguinst whom some unjust- accusations had been made, hud- 'been quite restored to the favour and 'confidence of the Czar, and that he and his who and daughters had re turned to St. Petersburg. They had been living, it wus added, for a long time in an obsoure exile, nobody knew where. Now thoy had gone baok to their splendid home in Petersburg, and would after a while return to their estate at Mosoow. ' The society papers soon after announced that the brilliant young novelist, Mr. Crioh ton Emlay, had gone to Russia on a visit .to tho Prince Vassili. Before long the society, papers will have to make another announcement — the announce ment of a marribge between Mr. Crichton Emlay, the brilliant young novelist; qnd the Prinoess Marie; daughter of Prince Vassili, of Petersburg and Moscow. 