FISHER'S GHOST. ' A Legend of Camphelltown. (BY G.B.B.) Note. — The story known under, this title has often'' been told, but seldom with any regard to fact. It has' recently been in cluded 'in a collection of similar tales pub lished in England under the title of "News From the Invisible World." Referring to thi3 book In a late . rmber of "Longman s Maga zine" Mr. Andrew Lang, an eminent connois seur In ghosts, selects It for special notice as "a good blood- curdling story," and asks, "Does any Australian archaeologist know whether a report of the trial exists in the 'Archives of Sydney? They wore not so par ticular there as they were In a famous High land case, in which the prisoner escaped be cause it was only a ghost that had given information to the police." In the following narrative I have endeavou red, to give the facts as they appear in the Judge's Notes of the trial and other contem porary. records, putting them in such a shape as to mow a connected Btory. CHAPTER L camphelltown in 1820 was a sleepy little village, 34 miles from Sydney, consisting of a straggling road running between two rows of. scattered cottages, with a church and a courthouse, a public-house, and a store as Its principal buildings. The population was strictly rural, composed mainly of eman cipist or ticket-of-lenve settlers, living on small farms. There were a -few gentlemen farmers in the neighbourhood, who had taken up laTge grants of two or three thousand acres, and employed convict labour' to culti vate them, making most of their profit out of contracts with the Commissariat Depart ment for the supply of meat and grain. There were not many people of their own class to be rftnet with in that part of the country, excepting occasional visitors .from Sydney, and the "assistant chaplain," the Rev. Thomas Reddall, who sat on the bench as a magistrate on court days. One of the most prosperous of the small settlers was a man named Frederick Fisher, a ticket-of-leave holder, who by thrift and industry had succeeded in acquiring con siderable property In th'e shape of land and live stock. He was not a married man, but lived with one George Worrell, another far mer, who, though not so well educated as himself, acted as his agent and overseer in managing his farms. Through the intimacy mat naa grown up between them he had made himself completely master of Fisher's affairs, knew to a penny what he was w<5rth, and was looked upon by their neighbours as his confidential man of business. In fact, he was so much master of the situation that he had gradually learned to look upon Fisher as an unnecessary figure in the establish ment, and began to think of the means by which he might get him out of the way. With thiB view he suggested more than once that he should take a trip to the bid country and see his friends, telling him that he could depend on. his affairs being aB well looked after during his absence as they were then. But Fisher, unlike most men of his class, did not feel any yearning to revisit the scenes of his chlldrhood; the re collections were not pleasant; and his' dally routine of life had become, by long habit, so much a part of his nature that he could not bring himself to relinquish it. So he decided to remain where he was; but Worrell, never theless, gave it out among their friends that he was thinking of going home shortly, and might be away for some years. At this time Fisher was putting up a brick building in the township, which he intended to use as a store ; and while the work was go ing on the bricklayers and other mechanics used to spend their evenings in Worrell's, roomy kitchen, where they gathered round the large log-fire and smoked their pipes. On one of these evenings— the 17th of June — Fisher came in about dusk; and one of them having hinted that they would like to have a drink he gave the man a dollar to get some rum at the public-house. Four of them took up their hats and went out together for the purpose, and he also went out with them. He was in the liablt of strolling about the farm of an evening to have a look at things before he "turned in," and was frequently seen sit ting on a top rail, smoking his pipe. After a while one of the men came back and asked for him, and when he was told that he had not come back he said "I wish he would come in, as I want another dollar." He did not return that evening, neither was Worrell seen until next morning. Nothing was said about his absence. ' The men were not asked whether they had seen anything of him, nor was the matter mentioned to the police. No inquiry was set on foot. Things went on just as usual without him. When anyone happened to ask Worrell what had become of him, he would' say that he had gone to Sydney and taken his passage in the ship "Lord Saint Vincent." to England. The most inquisitive oif the neighbours was a man named Coddlngton, a farmer, at Bun- bury Curran, near Campbelltown, who was overseer for Daniel Cooper, senior partner in the big firm of Cooper and Levey, shipow ners and merchants, and uncle of. the present Sir Daniel, at that lime a little boy, living with his parents at Bolton, in Lancashire. 'About three weeks aftet Fisher's disappear ance Coddlngton called at Worrell's farm, when the latter offered to sell him a young ' horBe he had been riding. Knowing that it had belonged to Fisher, he said: "By-tlie- bye, where Is Fisher now?" "Oh he left the country with £200 in his pocket. It's a se cret, his going; , but I intend to . see Cooper myself shortly, and Inform him of it. A; chaise came for him in the night, and he went away suddenly and privately. No one knew anything about it. but myself, and I promised to say nothing." In this way he tried to make the matter look a little mysterious, implying that there was a very good reason for his go ing — in fact, that his friend had "bolted." "Well," said Coddlngton, "I'd like to see the authority, for selling the . horse; I suppose you've got it?" "Yes," he said, "I have Fish er's receipt for it, and will show it to you." He wont in to look for it, but in a few minutes returned and said he could not find it Just then, but he would have It ready for him next time he came that way. Two days afterwards he called again to see it, when Worrell produced a. paper, purport ing to be a receipt- for' £130 for "three mares and a horse-cloth." But having seen Fisher write more than onc«. he saw at once that the handwriting was not his;, and although . he said nothing about it., he declined to buy. Knowing that Fisher had business relations with Cooper, from whom he had bought the land he occupied in Campbelltown, Coddlng ton wrote him aboyt bis disappearance,- and mentioned what Worrell had said about it. A.week afterwards, happening to meet a man named Hammond, who lived In Campbell town, their talk naturally turned on Fisher's disappearance, Both had known him .well, and had been in the' habit of seeing him fre quently. Hammond mentioned that Worrell had offered to sell him sqme boards belonging to him, saying that "they must be taken away immediately," itor fear of an execution being put in by one of his creditors. And when he was asked why he had gone away he said, in a confidential manner, "because he was afraid of a prosecution for forgery." When Hammond repeated iiiB conversation to Cod dlngton, the latter related what had occurred between himself and Worrell; and the two agreed In thinking that his conduct was very, suspicious. One would Buppose that, under such circumstances, they would not have lost any time in seeing the Superintendent of Police about the matter, but neither of them felt called upon to move In that direction. They preferred to wait for developments. . Some days after this conversation took place Hammond and Worrell arranged to go to Sydney together on business. The latter was at this time in full possession of all his friend's property— land, houses, horses, and an old gig, in which he used to drive about the country. Having offered to drive him down on this occasion, Hammond accepted the offer, and they went to town together, putting up at the Dog and Duck Inn, on Brickfield Hill. The day after their arrival Worrell called on Cooper at his store, and as soon as he had settled himself in a chair he said; '.'I want to know, Mr. Cooper, the exact amount of the balance due by Fisher on the land in Campbelltown he bought from you; and if you'll, give me the title deeds 'I'll pay,, .the money. I have a. written power of attor-i ;ney to- act for him."! ' ' " ; .. .' ' ' "Can you let me Bee it?" "Yes, I can; but I haven't brought it with me this time." "But where Is Fisher, Mr. Worrell? Is it; true that he has left the country, or not? You ought to know something about It." "I don't know anything about It, Mr. Coo per, except that he left my house one night suddenly about a month ago. I expect he had something on his mind at the time, but he didn't tell me what it was." Not feeilng satisfied with this explanation, Cooper pressed him again on the subject, but could not get anything like a direct answer to his questions. At last Worrell said: "I suppose all you want Is your money; If you'll, give me the papers, I'll pay It." "I haven't got them here; my solicitor, James Norton, has them. I'll see him about them." This conversation made the merchant feel very suspicious. The manner in which Wor rell spoke about the affair showed that there was something more in it than he cared to dis close. . Then It was very Improbable that Fisher would have gone away In such a fashion— sneaking out of the country, in fact, as If he wanted to evade his creditors— when to his certain knowledge he was clear of debt and perfectly solvent. He had done business with him for four years, and had always found him prompt In settling his accounts. Moreover, he was not likely to have run the risk involved in returning from transporta tion before the term of his sentence had ex pired. After he had thought the matter over he took iip his hat and went to see Norton, to whom he repeated the conversation he had1 Just had. "Worrell evidently knows something about this matter that he won't tell; his manner is extraordinary. What can It be? Did Fisher take his papers away from you?" Norton called in his conveyancing clerk and asked him the question. "No he has not been at the ofllce for some months." As the papers had been left there for the purpose of having a conveyance made out from Norton to Fisher they agreed that It was hardly llkelv he would -have gone on a long voyage without having that matter settled before he left, es pecially If he wanted money. And why, if he did go away, should Worrell be so anxious to get the deeds? How did it concern him? "There Is another thing," said Cooper. "My overseer at Campbelltown tells me that he has been trying to sell some of Fisher's pro-: perty up there— horses and other things and has been giving out that he had to leave In a hurry, for fear of a prosecution. I can't be lieve that of him. Putting all these things together, it seems to me as If Worrell wants to realise as soon as possible, and get away. I think we ought to take some steps to get to the bottom of the matter. It's an ugly piece of business, whichever way you look at it." The lawyer, of course, saw the suspicious side of the case quickly enough; but as there whs nothing tangible to go upon Jupt then he thought It better that they should wait awhile and see what might turn up. "If there has been any foul play In the matter," he said, "depend upon It murder win out. It Is Just possible that the man may h, > gone off somewhere, under the impiL-« of some sudden freak; "he had_ no one to care for but himself. It Is not yet a month since he disappeared; I would wait a little bit longor —say three months' altogether— on the chance of his reappearing; and meanwhile you can easily extend your Inquiries in the district through Coddlngton. Tell htm to keep his eye on Worrell without saying1 one word about his suspicions, and to let you know anything that may bear upon the case." . This advice .agreed so well with Cooper's own notions as to what should be' done that he had no difficulty In following it. But he, hud hardly got back to' Ills office when in walked Hammond, who had some business of his own to speak about. In connection with the coming harvest. When that: hud been disposed of' the news of the district was dis cussed, and of course Fisher's disappearance formed the main topic. He related what had passed between himself and Worrell, hi3 con versations with Coddlngton and other per sons at Campbelltown, and the suspicions; which had got abroad. The strangest thing In the business was that no one could even- guess what bud become of the' body; not a trace could .be found. Everyone who knew him h;id been making search for some time; so-had the district police; but no two men: could qgree In a theory." . ; !'I suspect he has been murddred," said: Cooper. ' - "More, than you suspect it," replied the countryman; "but if -that's the case what has been done with the body? There lsn't'-a hole or a corner in the place' that, hasn't bqen searched by this time, and yet there is no sign of it." "We can only wait and see what turns tip. No doubt we shall know all- about It before long. In the meantime I wouldn't say too much about it. Don't ,frighten; the bird you want to catch." ; When he went biick to, ,the Dog and , Duck for dinner he found Worrell.- in the. parlour, drinking pretty freely with a lot of other farmers, and looking rather more' excited than he had ever seen him . before. They dined together, and afterwards had a little conversation, In the course of which he told hint what Coopqr had said. He tried to pass it off, but the laugh,- as something too absurd to talk about, sounded hollow,and there was an evident' change of colour in his face. "Worrell, if you do know anything about Fisher you had better tell it; it's no use trying to conceal a thing when you'kriow that other people are determined to find It out." "I tell you, Hammond, he has left the col ony, and that's all I know about It, as God's above me. You. needn't botheT your head : any more about ' him; he's near England i i now." \- .After their return to Campbeiitown Ham mond had occasion to see htm again about some horses that the latter wanted to sell. He admitted that they had belonged, to Fish er, but he added, "He's on the water now, and' I have authority to act for hlnrq" at the same time producing a receipt for them. Having seen Fisher write frequently he had no hesitation In saying "that's not his hand writing, Worrell; it's a forgery.'.' "Fisher gave 1-t to me, at any rate." "Then. It must have been to. trick you." He suspected that it had bec/.i written by someone in Worrell's service, at his dicta tion, for he was under the impression that he could not write at all. At that moment ' Worrell happened to rise from his chair and .walk across the room in which they were Bitting, and as he walked the tight fit of his trousers and their peculiar cut attracted Hammond's notice. He remembered seeing Fisher in them, and as he was a much small er man than Worrell— who was a tall, muscu lar man of 36— the trousers made the latter look rather more awkward than he was aware of. But his friend did not make any remark on that subject, although- it natu rally made a strong impression on him at the time. ' ' (To bo contiaued next Saturday.) 