TALK ON 'CHANGE. Two Victorian barristers lately started J on a pleasure -trip to Cairns, to meet the j early spring and luxuriate in it. One car-j ried his ways and means in the sliape of letters of credit-as being the safer plan the other ridiculed such precautions, and supplied himself with hard cash. "I just put | those sovereigns in my trousers pocket," he j said, "place them under my pillow at night, j and defy anyone to remove them without; my knowing it." The method worked ad- j mirably for some days, but when the cash barrister woke one morning, and put his hand in the trousers pocket, he fouud that all his money had disappeared. H:s first ? suspicion was that;his friend was playing a 1 practical joke 'os hiinj, but finally accepting the assurance diat that was not «o, he turned the i>tunfc and jevpry tfyng in thetaliin J upside down, jvithshiC wecefe?. Tbe jchief j steward wasinformed, and he-suggested, that another thorough .search should he1 made before the sta&er; was "officially re- J ported to the captain. They searched once ? more, and at last found the missing money j in the pocket of a second pair of trousers that bad been hanging undisturbed in the cabin for days. The case is called an' "aggravating mistake/' a witticism only un-! dersiandable by persons '"in the know." There was an air of "Scots Wha Hae" , about a recent meeting of the Council of De-1 fence when Hie M'Culloch, as became a patriotic Highlander, fought for the estab-1 lishment of the Scottish liegimeiit, and the kilts, which may be so deucedly uncomfort-! able this time next year. Ue marshalled his arguments as boldly as some of his ancestors marshalled tbe elan when a raid was being made upon some brither Scot who had put an affront upon them by killing their salmon or red deer. The chief closed with the re mark, "It's the common-sense view." It roused a member at the other end of the table, who had imperfectly caught the ob servation, and who exclaimed with disdain, "The- Commander's view! Who wants that ?" "I said 'commonscnse view,' " ex plained the Minister. "Oh, that's quite a different thing," observed the soldier; "the two things are not at all synonymous." A Gippsland paper has nut an insult upon the Administrator of the Government and the Chief Justice of Victoria that committal for contempt of opart will not sufficiently wipe out. This disloyal journal observes: "A horse sold, out of the Poowong pound last week for one shilling is, it is reported, an animal the property of the Chief Justice, which strayed some time ago." Sir John Madden, it is well known comes from a hunting family,- and has ridden to hounds himself, and to infer that his- judgment in horseflesh has been properly appraised by the Gipps land man who purchased the stray for a shilling is, it seems to me, an inexcusable proceeding. It would be charitable, even patriotic, to assume.that the Gippsland papier had made a mistake, but, alas! long experience tells us "that if there is one sub ject more than another upon which the country press is infallible it is the local im pounding. - .. Our bqy Jim Is a great reader, but not always very certain as to the meaning. Beading the war telegrams lately, he was risked what \Oi meant by the American demand for an .unconditional surrender. *VL know, of «ourse/' he said, with confi dence; 'It means that Sf you don't surrender at onceyoji f^jf^^wender at all." "Who is '0opyiighfc?'f' toe the other day, on taldng upa new bopjc. They laughed, .and aaid "Copyright^ wwnlfc anybody in particu lar. "Oh, y®u ian't jkii me that way," Jjm retorted staAbor^lyj. "I know lie's some ihan. JJS^oas he?^§Meetitig with the words "calf ^^rticle on the famous ProfessorKocb-- vlwia.fJiin calls Professor KoBh-he was obviously, puzzled. "you know xyhat#aU lymph means, of course," said Ills father^ "Oh,, yes," answered Jim, "of course I inosr-« fellow eoula tell that from tbe BUrairodings (the context); it farther noticc." The victim has .tolled a meeting of his friends, and is making heroic endeavours to raise tne thirteenjienct ~ ' Some men have a confiding disposition. A Riverina paper told a story lately of a tank which silted up completely with one sandstorm. That is not, of course, the ex traordinary part of it, for I am willing to allow any devilry to a Riverina sandstone. Some tiuie before this the owner had driven his starving sheep south to fresh pastures, leaving 50 behind him to supply him with mutton on his return. He dfd not come baclPfor months, when he found the tank silted up and the sheep missing. He ac cepted with implicit confidence the theory that the silting-up took place while the sheep were drinking, and that the whole SO had thus been buried alive. The extrtordi nary tiling is that on cleaning outthetanfc no bones were discovered,. which shows that there is more Iftne in the Riverina sandhill than is generally supposed. The groat heat of the sun seems to have con verted this into quicklime, with the usual results. Natural phenomena of this kind are always interesting to pastoral readers of "The Australasian." The Yam Sculptors' Society has'been] founded, 'and Mr. Smellie is" appointed feee-j retary. There' is, we know, nothing m^i I name-but there may be something in "two'J ; names. Professor Pearson's wether joke did good service in its time, but one hardly expects I to find his much-ridiculed theory of breed i ing cropping up to-day in the correspond | ence of a Western squatter, whose viewB on | sheep- breeding have hitherto been con sidered strictly orthodox. He writes to his hanker lamenting the poor prospects for the lambing, and eays:-"So far a dry flock of wethers and ewes has beaten my lambing flocks easily, the former giving me 10 per cent, and the latter next to nothing." He . makes no attempt to apportion the credit ; of the feat, but throws in the wethers for | what they may be worth. Personally, I I feel rather ashamed of telling a story the ' origin of which is now lost in the mists of | nntiquity, but as Dick Phenyl used to say, 'i "The last time, Clem, my boy, the last j time." The story must be true. It fits In so well with King's little peculiarity that it is much easier to believe that he told it than that some impudent man who. makes history foisted it on him. King dreamt that he was dead, and that the last day had come. All the nations of the earth were gathered to j hear their doom, and were marshalled be ] fore the great white throne. King was on ; that throne. j Hardface had been trespassing with his j bullocks, and was summoned. The sum ' mons was declared to be bad and irregular, j so Hardface said, 'Tve got 'cm on the 'op ! now; I'D give this case into Nipper's hands. | He got Jim the Bullocky off, and he'll get ! me off, too." He was so delighted at get ' ting at his natural enemy, the land-owner, that he shouted freely, and called in on 'Nipper and Co. every day to see how the case was going. 'It's all right," said the . solicitor, confidently; "the summons is bad in its entirety, but we don't want to travel 90 miles to court. I'll show them where they're wrong, and get tbem to withdraw the case." "Good on you, old man," said i Hardface, enthusiastically, "I knew you ! were a match for them." The case was ! settled, the summons withdrawn, and Hard I face called on to pay a bill of five guineas, | which gave him almost as great a shock as i the death of a near side leader, especially I when he heard thr.t the other side had paid j a similar fee for the good advice given them. I "By Ghost," said the bullocky, on getting j back to his waggon, "I'll ketch no more of | 'em on the 'op. I'll pay me shiilin' a 'ead, j and 'ave done with 'em." Every poltpemnn in Sydney, walked with a prouder step on Tuesday morning, and mea sured inches more round the swelling chest; and "with good reason. For the fijst time in the history of the colony, he had teen en trusted with a vote, nnd even before he had ] exercised it, lie had brought the proud bat> flexible Premier to his knee. The police- j man's lot is a happy one when he controls j the Minister who controls the finanoeg. Yesterday he walked bis beat an uncon sidered trifle in politics with none so poor to do him reverence. To-day the fate of | Governments is dependent on ids favour. The police-barracka is In the constituency for which Mr. Bad stands, and in a dose contest the policemen are supreme. Instead j of deputations going to the Prcmier,-ihef | should in future be directed to the barracks. | The Women's Temperance Union and the | publican will both be suing for the favours' i of the happy bobby. The Premier has vir I tually told these omnipotent voters that; they have only to osk and have "If you'll put me intide tl»e White-botne* Your hud with Sic nil kind'er 'nolnt; By putting fou inside the Ughthouee Down to the end of Jaalem pint," einge the Yankee politician. '.'Help me tp dish the other side, and I'll help you ont of the Treasury/' is what Premier Beid says Oh, a public trust. Is noble, , And It fills my brc«t wlthprlde, That I struggle to dajme lt ~ C*n nnw be denied. Its highest noblest funotjjpa In the Service of tbeTribUntoy, When you fdh® . The New jftg#:'' ^ ready and aiitfa&oifi1igi;|^^ of his most faithful and aTrSift stawL tVmWysomei>l my waders trill not #66, Da.! poiftb ,\A till was going through comnfitt«i and the dull member rose behind the Premier to complain tlrat certain provUioMupon which lie had been very clamoroaa wore not included. "If the honourable member-will lookat clause 116, lie will find that Mi case is dealt with I in mb-dauses S, C, D, and F," and then, taming round, «nd looting the member in the face most seriously, he added, "cspeci ally b.f." - When Melbourne city councillors go to Sydney they find much to admire, ond naturally look forsbmething to criticise. In connection with the fesUvitieg over the opening of the toew market buildings, a Mel bourne alderman complimented Alderman Bflvris, "the' mayor, effusively on hia; splendid hospitality, bat *fterflarda went on to complain of the anevennegs of the footpaths. TkeMayor of Melbourne, who spoke afterwards, saw a diance for a plea sant gibe. "I hope,Mr. Mayor," he said, "that you will not take the worthy alder man's complaint about the footpaths too much tolieart. Possibly the splendid hos pitality of which be -spoke and the diffi culty which lie found in Connection with the footpaths stand intheTfelat ion of cause and- effects If ypb fcaS not been so hos pitable ho would Jiave found no difficulty in negotiating the footpaths." W0011ERA. ' 