LORD BRASSEY has been improving the occasion of his visit to the old country by saying some very handsome things in London before the members of the Royal Colonial Institute about Vic toria and Victorians. His Excellency is distinguished for his good sense and practicality, so that any statement he makes is bound to be worth listening to, not only as coming from one who speaks with authority, but as being thoroughly up to date. Those who witnessed the popular demon stration accorded Lord HopetouK on taking his departure from the colony, when literally all Melhourne, the naval and military forces, the learned and legislative bodies, citizens of every grade, and the population generally, turned out to do him honor, declared ovations of that nature had reached their culmination, and that nothing of the kind, as regards degree, would ever again be seen in the metropolis. But Lord Brasset’s reception threw it completely into the shade. Escorted by quite a flotilla of yachts, small steamers, steam launches, and sailing boats, all gay with bunting, the ship in which Lord Brassey and his entourage arrived, approached St. Kilda pier, where over 20,000 people had assembled, all in holiday attire. It was a typical Australian spring day—fresh, sunny, glorious, and balmy. The Doge of Venice, in the palmy days of the Republic, never proceeded on his trip to wed the Adriatic under more auspicious circumstances, and when on touching the landing stage there was a salvo of artillery, a flourish of martial music, and an enthusiastic welcome shouted by the immense gathering, the effects were electrifying. The road to the city and the streets leading to the Exhibition, where the swearing in took place, were lined with people, and everyone admitted that the recep tion beat the record. Lord Brassey has not forgotten that day, and refers to it with pride, and well he might. And so may every colonist who was present, for his Excellency has ever since proved he received no more than his public and private merits folly entitled him to. The secret of the success of the Empire beyond the seas lias been defined as wholly attributable to the fact that the mother country has not attempted to keep the colonies in lead ing strings, but has given them a free hand. This might be accepted aa the text of hia Excellency’s address. Loyalty with ns has not been mere lip aervics. In a thonaand different ways, and wherever the opportunity arose, we have shown our loyalty to oar Queen and our love to the mother land. We have manifested a desire to keep intact the golden link of kinship no less than to main tain the Imperial connection by a substantial subsidy towards the naval defence of the colonies, which’ means the protection of British com-' merce in these seas, as well as our own. Sir George Bowen was an Irishman and bad indisputably kissed the Blar ney stone, so that flattery fell from him, so to speak, quite naturally, but Lord Brassey quite eclipsed. his Hibernian predecessor in this par ticular, when expressing his opinion of Yictorianß. “I have to deal,” ob served his lordship, “ with a com munity of men and women in whom are embodied all the best qualities of the Anglo-Saxon race—the honor, the honesty, the perseverance of its men —the charm and goodness of its women. There are no kinder hearts anywhere in the world than are to be found in Australia.” These are noble sentiments, and worthy of the ablest statesman Her Majesty has yet sent to this colony to represent her. While expressing his deep regret at the deplorable depression which came upon the colony some few years back he declared that there existed every indication that we were all once more on the high road to our former prosperity. He paid us a high meed of praise for our enterprise and liberality, as shown by our public buildings and institutions in Mel bourne, the enormous sums expended on the education of the people, the laws passed for the alleviation of the working classes, and the undertaking of public works of a reproductive cha racter, which, at the same time, gave employment to the people. Such compliments are pleasing and gratify ing coming from such a source. They enable us to see ourselves -as others see us in a pleasant sense. We feel confident they are spoken in all sincerity and free from anything like a lively sense of future favors. Some years ago Lord Dufferin ad dressed a great gathering in Canada, of which he had been Governor-General and was about to leave, and with an eloquence worthy of his relation to the immortal Sheridan, he dilated upon the potentialities of the Dominion, its enormous extent and resources, and predicted its ultimate political and com mercial greatness no less than its loyalty and' service to the mother country in the hour of danger. That speech had a wonderful effect upon all who heard or read it. It excited sympathies that had lain almost dor mant, and gave anew direction and impetus to public thought and feeling, which found a glad re- echo in Great Britain. Lord Brassey, with the true statesmanlike instinct, appeals to us in the same spirit/and to our kinsfolk at home, and thus serves to draw us together, not only from sympathy and love, but a sense of mutual advan tage. Of course the proposed federation of , the colonies was touched upon by his Excellency, but at the time he had not before him the unfortunate outcome of the New South Wales referendum; and as showing how little he anticipated such a result, we find him bestowing unstinted praise on that Judas Iscariot, Reid, and quoting his re marks as coming from one of the foremost champions of the great scheme of federation from which such stupen dous developments were anticipated. This, observed Lord Brassey, was the opinion expressed by Mr Reid on the subject of Federation:—“ Divided strength and varying, and sometimes intensely conflicting purposes, . now radiate from five or six centres of political thought, but our Government and legislature must some day be united, and the whole manhood, intel lect and power of all the colonies must be crowned by an act of union. If there is written in the book of destiny one fact clearer and more significant than any other in reference to these Southern colonies it is the fact that sooner or later by some sort of contrivance or other the whole of the boundaries which separate Australia must come down." Had Lord Brassey known the crooked ways and unreliable character of Mr Reid when he spoke he would not perhaps have even men tioned his name. All the same, how ever, his Excellency’s remarks on the question were cheered to the echo, and led all present to believe that Federa tion was assured, and that at no very distant date. Let us hope they may not be disappointed. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday. Sir Gesrge Turner moved tbe seonnd read ing of the Maffraß-et Sugar Company Bill, providing for an advance to tbo company by way of loan of a farther rum of £13,000. He explained that the company had appliod for a loan of £50,000, and advances had been made to the ex'ent of £40,000, as against £20,000 contributed by the company. The total expenditure amounted to £62,000. The company owed £11,500 to the Brunswick Company, which snpplied the machinery. The Government held ns seourity a mottgage ovsr land, machinery, assets, and uncalled capital; and 23,500 shares had been issued. An arrangement had been made that on payment of £4500 time would he given by the bank for payment of the over draft. The company had undoubtedly got into difficulties, and to pay wages and make other payments about £26,000 was required. The o-st seaßon had been a severe one, nnd a difficulty had been experienced in getting the beet tn the market. Tbe alterna tive to the proposal was liquidation. What he asked the House to do was to give the com pany a fair opnortnnity of showing what oould bo done. Sir John M'lntyre said that the bill came as a painful surprise to the House, but still he thought the Government could not very well esaape from the position of asking the House to assist, the company. The second reading of the bill was agreed to without a division, and the measure was committed pro forma. Mr C. Forrest, M.L.A. for Polwarth, has written to state that be will be in Ballarat to day to eolleot evidence concerning the pro posed Beeao railway line. It ie presumed that Mr Forrest’s principal object ia to obtain information concerning the quantity of timber that is likely to bo need for mining and domeßtio purposes in this district, should tha line be constructed. Each of tha retiring councillors in the City has now lodged hie nomination paper with the deputy returning officer, namely—Cr Retallack for the central ward, Cr M’Donald for the north ward, and Cr Whykes for the south ward. Mr Charles Barger is also nominated as local auditor, his boing the only paper lodged up to the present. No decision hssyst been arrived at as t* which of the two, Mr Hugh Lonie or Mr R. Pearae, shall oppose Cr VTbykes, but it is understood that one of them will come forward. Tlib “Greek” gipsies were expected to reaoh Beanfort yesterday, and in all probability they will oome on to Ballarat on' Monday. They are not likely, however, to make a long stay here, as the reputation of the City mayor’s determined character has reaohed them. It appears that one of the men speaks very fair English, but none of the others can do so. For their own aakes, it will be well for citizens to rffise to give tbe Bturdy mendicants anything. Their plea is for money, and work is foreign to their nature, so that those who give them any may be" sure they will not get anything in return. Some donet has been raised as to whether they are really Greeks, and when they reaoh Melbourne this point will be nettled. Should their passports prove them to be genuine Hellenes, their feltow-coantrymen in Melboarne will provide for them. The lad Walter Bates, who was injured daring a football match' at Egerton about three weeks ago, died at the Ballarat Hospital yesterday. Aa was mentioned in The Star a few days ago, it was rumored that the lad had beea purposely kioked, but enqniries made by Sergeant Biggs ehowad that this was not the case, as young Bates fnlly exonerated bis companions. Under the cironmstances, how ever, an enquiry will be hold at Egerton to day, the boy’s relatives having taken tbe body home yesterday. Tho modioal evidsnos will show that death was not due so much to tbe injuries sustained from tbe kicks as to complications which set in owing to the deceased lying on the damp gronnd for some time after he was hart. The City Board of Advioe met last night at the City Hall. Mr H. Lonie, tbe chairmaa, presided, and there were also present Messrs G. Tattoo, J. Mitohell, and W. Coultbard. Tho returns for last month were received, and Bhowod the average attendances at the varionß schools ns follow:—Wendoarea school—s3 boys, 57 girls; total, 110. Maoarthnr street — 354 boys, 319 girls; total, 673. Central school —335 buys, 320 girls; total, 656. Urqnhart street—4s4 boys, 409 girlß; total, SC3. Pleasant street —178 boys, 179 girls; total, 355. A letter was received from Mr A. M’Alister, head teacher of the Pleasant etreet school, stating that there were about 150 children absent Buffering generally from measles. A cnmmnmoation was received from tho Ednoa tion Department asking the board to submit for the approval of the Minister of Education the name of a suitable successor to the late Mr Fleay. Mr Tntton moved that Mr James Vallina be nominated for tbe vacant seat. Mr Mitchell seoonded. Tbe chairman said that they bad lost their right hand supporter in the late Mr Fleay, and he thought the wisest coarse would bo to nominate Mr Vallins, whose knowledge of the bnaioess of the board would prove very valuable. The motion was carried. Mr Tntton moved that the Ednoation Department be written to in referenas to the insanitary condition of tho Macarthnr street School, urging the Department to immediately remedy the etate of things there, or if this were not done, to close the school. The ohairman Bald it was time that the board Bhould assert itselt or “ give up the ghost.” The Bchool had been reported by tbe health inspector to be in a very unsatisfactory condi tion. Ha thought it was doubtful whether the Education Act coaid be enforaed in reference to insanitary schools, as ia theßS cases he did not see how attendance could be made oompnlsory when ohildren were obliged to go to a place that was gloomy, dark, and dirty. He was tired of these matters being referred to the Pnblio Works Department, and thought vigorous action shoald bo taken. The motion was carried. Mr Mitchell was appointed correspondent to the board in place of the late Mr Fleay. Several matters of a routine oharocter were dealt with, and the meeting closed. Edgar Peters, the lad who was bo seriously injured at Mr M'lvor'a foundry on Wednes day, is progressing as favorably as can be ex pected under the circumstances. Every effort will be made to save his left arm. Tha con dition of the girl Donghan, who wan admitted from the maternity ward at the Benevolent Asylnm on Monday, is unchanged. An enterprising individual is alleged to have victimised a number of Ballarat tradespeople recently by inducing them to pay for adver tisements to appear in a pabliaation entitled “Onr Favorites.” The terms were half oash on giving tbe order, and tha balance on publi cation. From enquiries made tbe trades people who gave orders have ooma to the con clusion that the publication is a myth, and that they have been defrauded of their money. The proapeatas of the publication was printed by a local firm, whose account is yet unsatis fied. Great interest is being taken in tha football matob between Ballarat and Imperial which takes place to morrow, as the result of it has a very considerable effect nn both teama' chances for the premiership. No less than sixteen members of the team whioh beat tha combined Melbourne clubs last Saturday are playing to-morrow, and the game is sure to be clever and fast. The fortnightly moating of tha Town Council will be held this afternoon. Two lads were arrested by Plainclothes- Cnnstables Rngerson and Montague, oharged with the larceny of a grate, valued at 12s, the property of Mr C. Morgan. The acanaed, on being arrested, admitted the oharge. It is alleged that the boys took the stove from an unocanpied home in Ararat street an Monday last. They endeavored to sell it to aevernl marine dealers hut were unsnocessfnl, and bid it at tho rear of the Mining Exchange. A boy named George Whelan fonnd it there and took it home, where it was discovered by the con stables. It is also alloged tbe aoensed got into the empty house through a baok window and took tbe grate from the kitchen. A Cook’s excursion train from Adelaide to Melbourne passed through Ballarat yesterday with abont 200 passengers on board. The fnneral of thi late Mr James Warwick, of "The Old Curiosity Shop,” Qnean street, Ballarat East, took placo yoatsrday, when the remains were interred in the Old Cemetery. There was a large attendance of tbe many friends of 'he deceased, including Messrs R. Gilhooley, W. Llewellyn, E. Hayes, and E. Rowlands, who acted as ooffiu-bearers, and Messrs Edwards, J. Thomas, J. Twentyman, Morrison, B. Hill, and Lndbrook, sen., who were the pallbearers. A large number of wreaths nnd other Sural tributes were ssut from all parte of the dietriot and from Mel boarne. The Rev. W. F. Tucker officiated at tho grave. Mr C. Morris was in ohargs of the mortuary arrangements. The following are the Grenvilleahire muni cipal nominations:—North riding, Mr William H. Wallis; eaßt riding, Mr William Thomas Rowe; west ridine, Mr Thomas Kennedy; auditor, Mr John Henry Webb. Tbe president of the Shire of Bnninyong was at the meeting of the Shire Conncil yesterday, deputed to attend as representative of the shire, the conference te be hetd at tbs City Hall on Tnesd iy next for tha purpose of considering and ordering on the propriety of erecting a sanatorium for infections disease patients on the reserve set apart for that purpose in tbe State Forest, uear Mount Clear. A patient at tlie Hospital whose mind was temporarily unhinged oaused some dismay tbe other night by jumping out of bed and threatening violence to all and sundry. Wardsmeu Heffarnan and Leeoh, however, managed to overcome him and get him bnek to bed, and preoaufions were taken to prevent a repetition of the escapade. The following items aopenr in the last issue of the Police Gazette-. —William White, laborer, Stawell street, Brown Hill, reports stolen from him at Bridge street, Ballarat East, on the 30th nit., a silver watoh; value £3. John M'Clellund, pnblinan. Park street, Ballarat, reports stolen at Ballarat, between thoGth and 20th nit., a half-bred Alderney oow; value £4. Win. H. M’lntnsh, hawker, Ballarat, reports stolen from hia sh-d, between the 25th and 28th nit., a piece of scarlet flannel, of about 24 yards long; nnd a pises of pink mixture flannel, of about 25 yards; value £2. Thomas Turn ball is oharged, on warrant, with deserting his wife, A. W. Turnbull, 103 Peel street, Bal larat North, at Ballarat, on the 31st nit. The weekly parade of the 3rd Battalion Infantry Brigade was held last night at the Orderly Room, when there was a very fair master. Colonel Williams was in command, and pat tho battalion through several evolu tions, The battalion also marched up Bridge and Sturt streets, headed by the band. An enjoyable luncheon was given by Cr Austin at the Bnninyong Shire Flail yesterday to tbe councillors and officers of the shire after the basiness of the coanoil meeting had bean concluded. The table was sumptuously nnd tastefully laid with various dishes and delicacies, ohiefly contributed by Mrs Austin, Mrs Hall, and Mrs Longdan. Tho proceed ings opened with the toasts of “Tho Queen’’ and “The Acting Governor,” and then fol lowed that of “Tho Retiring Councillors, Crs Holden, Eason, Fiaken, and Davies,” pro posed by Or Sides, who spoke in oalogis tio terms of those gentlemen, and ex pressed hie hope that they weald be re-elected to the conncil. Cr Freken, in re sponding, said that daring his torm as a coun cillor he had always beeo treated with the greatest courtesy by his fellow aounoillors, and ho hoped that he wonld be re-elected, and be with them again for another term, as he believed he would be, for ha thought the rate payers of hie riding were satisfied with him. He generally got what he asked for from the conncil, because he took oare not to ask for favors that wore not just and right. Cr Davies naid he had done bis bast for tho rate payers he represented. He could not pleaße everybody, bat would continue to farther the interests of the ratepayers to the best of hia ability if re elected. Cr Eason said that the counoil had done splendid work daring the six years he had been elected a councillor. Since he entered the coanoil a number of im provements had been made in the shire, and he thought the mode of condnoting business at the coanoil meetings had also improved. He. thonght the ratepayers of bis riding were satisfied with him, for if ho bad not done much himßelf he bad stopped other people from doing .worse. Cr Holden said he had received many kindnesses at the hands of the coun cillors daring his term as a councillor. He had always done hiß best in the interests of the ratepayers .of his riding, and if re-elected wonld continue to do so. The presideot pro posed the toast of 11 The Host Cr Anßtio,” aod aftpr Mr Austin’s many good qualities said he believed the lnncheoa had bean Riven in connection with Mr UB J'“ I beinß eleotnd to the Board of Pnblia Health. Ha hoped Mr Austin would retain that position anions: aa ho wished, and thought that he would acme day be an •• M.L.AMr Austin appropriately responded, and thanked the council for having nominated him as a candi date to tha Board of Public Health. Ha referred rearetfully to the lata Mr W. Anderson. M.L.A., whom he had succeeded. He than proposed the toast of The Presi dent,” which was enthusiastically honored ana suitably responded to. The toasts of The Officers,” “The Ladies,” ooupled with the names of Mesdames Austin, Hale, and Lcmß den, and "The Press” were then honored. The proceedings were interspersed with songs, which considerably added to the onjoymeut of the gathering. A few days since we mentioned that Mr George Ford, a popular member of the Bal larat Fire Brigade, had been left the sum of £3OOO by a decoaaod relative. It appears that we under-stated the amount, whioh Mr Ford informs ne is .£30,000. His many friends will be greatly pleased to hear of his good for* tune. Mr E. E. Swenton, local representative |of J. ffitohen and Sons and Apollo Company, has received intimation that the company has purchased Mr Kelsall’s soapmaking works on the old Fellmongers road. It is intended to effeat some alterations in the buildings, one of which will be converted into a residence for . the soapmaker. When the contemplated im provements are mide, soap of all kinds will be manufactured ou the premises. The Locomotive Enginedrivere’ and Fire mens’ Association annual ball will take place to night nt the Alfred Hall. Every prepara tion has been made to ensure an enjoyable gathering, and as a large number of tickets have been applied for the affair promises to bs a great success. A middle-aged man named William Dugnid, a resident of Bond street, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for an injury to one of his eyes, caused by a blow from a pieoe of quartz. A boy named Chas. Dixon, seven years of age, was also treated for an incised wound of one ef his hands, caused by the slipping of a knife with whioh lie was cutting bread. It was decided at the meeting of the Banin yongsbire Council yesterday to arrange for the holding of the borough and Rhire of Bunin yo'ng annual banquet on the 30th inst. The banquet will probably be held at the Town Hall, Buninyong. The friends of Mr R. A. Thompson, the wall-known legal manager, will be pleased to hear that he is progressing favorably towards reoovery from the severe attack of influenza from whioh be has been suffering for the paßt week. He expects to be out in a day or two. The balance-sheet of the Victorian Mining Accident Relief Fund for the year ending December last was laid ou the table of Parlia ment on Wednesday. The amount of the fond on 31st December, 1597, was £20,930 6s 7d, excluding accrned interest. The receipts for the year stated, whioh amounted to £951 3s, included £6OO interest on £20,000, advanced on mortgago at 3 per cent. Under the head ing of expenditure the chief amount is £602 15s allowances to widows and children, £lOO grants to two widows on marriage, and £5O secretary’s salary. The balanas in bank for the year was £5112s 6d. A Sunday school teachers’ and missionary meeting will be held at the Christ Church Hall to-day. A conference will be held at 3 o’cloak in the afternoon when the Bishop of Ballarat will preside. A paper will be read by the Rev. T. S. Hart, B.Sc. Tea will be served at 5.30, and at 7.40 service will be held in the Pro-Cathedral by the Bishop and a missionary mseting will take place at 8, when Miss Digby and the Dsau will deliver ad dresses. Mr Henniker Hsaton’s difficulty in forming a criaket eleven out of the ranks of the House of Commons for a tour through Australia (writes the Parliamentary correspondent of the Scotsman l was to overcome the natural modesty of the British M.P., who shrinks from anything more nearly approaching "going on tnnr” than is imported into a visit to his constituents. Mr Heaton, though he represents Canterbury, which once a year is the cynosure of the cricketing world, is not himself a oricketer. Accordingly, be sought and obtained the co-operation of Mr Bromley- Daveqport, member for tha Macclesfield Division of Cheshire, who is personally popular in the Honse, and is at home in the cricket field. He, after a patient endeavor, has found the scheme impracticable. It has, therefore, been abandoned. An interesting evening will take place to night at the South street Debating Society —historical, biographical, and sooial —by Messrs D. N. M’Lsan, W. D. Hill, and T. Smith. Visitors are invited. 