COUNCIL COMMENTS. [By the Silent Membbb.~| At the St. Kilda Council on Mon day night laft Or. Lemme mentioned that the Metropolitan Board of Works had no option under the Amending Act but to charge the ratepayers a one shilling rate over lowered areas. The lioard could not take less than one shilling. Cr Sir George Turner combatted this statement, saying that so far as he recollected tho Act said that not more than one shilling was to bo charged, but it placed no embargo upon the Board charging let*. Re felt that Cr. Lemmo was in error, and that no Act of Parliament would compel a Board to charge a one shil ling rate when a less rate would do. Cr. Lemme, however, maintained bis contention, but Sir George seemed to think that the Council s representatives had made a mistake. The Chairman of the Board, ^ Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon, has since written to 6ay that ' Cr. Lemme was correct in stating to the St. Kilda Council on Monday that by tho alterations made by the Legislative Assembly in the Melbourne and Metropo litan Board of Works Acts Amend mont Bill of last session' the Board, in lating sewered areas, is compcllod for nine years to fix the full rate of Is. in the £l. There is an exception. If the Bourd impose no rate at all upon the uneewered areas, then in that case the rate upon sewered areas may bo any rate not exceeding Is. in tlie £1. But that exception is futile, because the sum obtainable from a Is. rate upon the sewered areas without tbe 2d. and Id, rate upon the areas un sewered would be insufficient for tbe Board's requirements.' It would appear from the above that the con tentions so often urged by this journnl, that we are all hopelessly in a fog upon the rating movements of the Metropolitan Board have something in them. When tho Premier is in a difficulty, surely it is not cra6S ignorance of a citizen to admit to being mystified. At the same time the rate notices of the ! Board are remarkably lucid so far as 1 demand for payment is concerned. Ratepayers sometimes consider that all is honor with council lors. It has beon tho custom for ail canditates to seek the honor of re presenting their ratepayers. The ' honor to represent' has been adown the century the pet phrase, and there has seldom if ever been an attempt to step outoide tbe well-worn groove. Originally, doubtless, the subtle essence of flattery was con veyed in the phrase. It was an at tempt to dignify the position of tbe the ratepayers. In the same spirit also we find the candidate sub scribing himself a ' humble or obe dient servant' at the end. As a matterof fact when the candidate has the fortune to become a coun cillor lie forgets that he is either humble or obedient. Woe to tbe unit ratepayer who essays to bring him to book for any particular ac tion. In spirit he replies '* Sir, I occupy my office, not in the interests of one particular ratepayer but to j the welfare of the whole commu- \ nity.' And if the ratepayer is not j ! abashed ho is something outside I the common crowd. The argument is unanswerable from tho fact i that the statement is true- To argue that you are a unit, and | the multitude of units make \ the whole, and that public opi- 1 nion is but conglomeration of the j views of units would of course be futile. No argument obtains a foot ing as between a ratepayer and a councillor. Nothing short of com plete annihilation at the ballot box will bring a councillor of this ilk to view ratepayers' rights in the correct perspective. It is necessary on the other hand, for roy remarks apply more particularly to veterans, to watch the zeal of the new council lors. There was never yet in my experience of yonng councillors one who was not going to effect some re form, adjust some maladminietra tion, and generally infuse that leaven into municipal affairs, the absence of which has for years past been, ac cording to statements always rife at August, so deplorable. \Vith this object in view the young councillor's ear is always attuned to home-bred politicians, municipal cranks, and wiseacres, who nod mysteriously, hint, and shrug their shoulders when talking of local finance, and whose methods generally leads me to think that did they but chooee they could unfold such a tale' that the ghost of Hamlet a father's revelations would be as mild cheese compared to it. Unfortunately (or Iuokily ?) for municipal finance such tales remain untold, and the man who listens to the croakings finds himself in a muddle of uncertainty. Of course the young councillor soon finds out that the municipal officers are intelligent gentlemen, with one object in'view. andthst, the interests of the city. Ho discovers things he had not need to have been a Col umbus to have discovered before, that the ratepayers are a very nume rous family, and that they have more wants as a body than tbe Milky Way has points as a constel lation. I have said ratepayers sometimes consider all is honor with councillors. So to^ the outside it may appear, but behind there is a vast amount of work, innumerable oommittee meetings to attend, and a thousand and one drawbacks which the novicc wots not of, and an old councillor may well consider if, after aU is said and done, his services are properly requited by the ratepayers. I write these obser vations tn a kindly spirit just to in dicate how things are in reality, and not what they may seem. In the forthcoming elections my desire is to see the best men win all round so that our district may correspondingly advance. The committee of the Armadale Private Dances trust that they can arrange for .extra dance to be held some time' during September, as tho series hitherto has been eo successful. There is no connection between the above dances and tbe Armadale Private Assemblies. 