BONNIE BESSIE. "jBSfiSlf Bessie" everyone called her, and rightly enough; for of all the Highland lassies .who gathered at the little kirk on SabbcUh jnornings, not one was half so pretty and winning as Bessie. Squire Renfrew, oi the Red Pass, was desperately £n love with Bessie, and: souglil to nt&se; her his- wife in spite of difference in rank. The herds at the Red Pass were *he fines* and lajrgest inthe neighborhood; the b»rn and stbrehousea were always well filled.... He wa» a . bachelor, something over two seore years old, and he wanted "Bonnie Bessie" for his wife. ". "If tho lussie tlSMtSKShe can fascy me," he said, addressing Bessis's grandmother, as he stooa r under the- low. 1 brown rafteis of tlie little Black Lynn cottage, & -hot flush ipountlng to the shining- crown of his bstld head; "if-the Iassie;thfhks she can'faacy r me, the bair-f gain's made. I'm read^ and willing to lead her to the kirk to- soorrow; aad ! if a good .true husband, ami ' some gold and silver will make heir happy, she'll be as happy ua a queen at tlie Red Pass." , . _ JJesste- listened with . wale/ startled eye®, burning cheeks., and-' quivering lips. She heid her peace, standing, tall i and siiini in a sont of stunned. silence, until her grey-haired lover had' taken his leave. Then she buret forth into vehement, passionate protest. The old : grandmother suffered: her to storm until tier passion was spent. "Wei?, 'tia o'er now, and TP'Q simmer down 'and keep "quiet, inebbe. I've let ye have your say, and now I'll' have mine. We're .poor folk, me and you. I found' it hard to get bread when X had but rny own mouth to feed; and since I've been burdened wi' you I've gone to bed many a night fit to cry wi* hunger. But I've borne it all, an* done my best, an" always been willing to gi' you a share o' my last crust." "But, dearest grandma " "Now, lookee here, my lass," interrupted the old woman, lifting her bony finger, arid glowering 'fiercely' upon Bessie; "if ye're fiile enou' to refuse this good fortin% that ends It 'twixt us two. You pack out o' my house, and ne'er cross the threshold again." Bessie was silent The great world beyond the Highland' peaks seemed BO dim and far away, and the old home scenes were so familiar. The autumn days drifted on, and hi the spring time she wis going to Tthe kiilc with Squire Ileufrew, and be, made his wife. " ' ' The spring time eaine and the wed- ding day was cieee at hand; when, one evening, .tust before the gloaming, Bessie went to' fill her pitcher, as usual, at tlie-"rocky spring near by. She -liad 1 aecomjJlished'lier task, and- liftfed'l'fhr pitcher td.hdr" shouider, and had"-started for the,cottage, her, white,-shapely, feet twinkling prettily below the short petticoax as she stepped" from-stone to stone" in crossing the little brawling stream, when suddenly she uttered a stifled cry, and, staggering to a moss-grown boulder, sat down aud put the pitcher hastily on the ground, pressing her hand on her heart, and trembling all over. "It's his ghaist; it's flis ghaist!" she cried, "and 0I1, how sair he looked at me!" Whatever she had seen, or fancied she had seen, there was nothing in sight when she next looked up; nothing,.except tlie overhanging rocks;in the evening light, and the white birch trees swaying spectrally against the sky. "He has come from his grave," she cried, glancing'- fearfully around. I dare, 11a, dare na do it. Oh! forgive rne, Jamie, that I ever thought o' it." She drew a silken cord,. which encircled lier throat, from her bosom, as she spoke, and kissed, tlie slend'er hoop of silver which depended if rp'mrfC "IT. never ha' peacesi£ I marry .the 'squire." she said, "and I ought no to ha' it; I shall feel I am a traitor.. And^ oil! •Tamifi, Jamie, after tall;; I totfe 110 .one but you, and never can." -'••' Suddenly she rose, with resolution Stamped on every feature;. * . . "I must give the squlre-hia ring back,-" Pho said, brushing the last tears from her eye. "It is hard on him, but there is 110 other way. . Then Jamie, then, perhaps, you'll forgive me, dear." Leaving her pitcher there, she tossed back her abundant locks, as she finished this adjuration, and' went speeding away, through the falling darkness,wiih the light, foot of a chamois. When she reached the Hed Pass, the bright glow of the warm ingle-side lit the windows. She approached the nearest 'one, and preyed her sad, tired, yet resolute, "face ^gainst the -glass. A minute, and she tapped lightly against fJjc- glass. The squire turned quickly, stared, and then started to his feet. "Well, now, well, now, what's the meaning o" this?" he cried, rushing across th«. room and-throwing up : the window. "Bessie, my lassie, -.what's happened.?" - - "Something that never should ha' happened," she answered, looking at him with a sort of desperate defiance, and drawing the gold ring from her finger as eha spoke, "I've come to give this back to you. Squire Renfrew. I was wrong ever to let you put it on." "Why. child, what do you mean?" "Take your ring," she said. "You've heard of 'Auld Robin Gray." -maybe, haven't y»u?" "Yes. I have. But what then?" "Well, I had a Jamie once," she went 011, clutching at the little silver ring suspended from her neck, a great throb of pain shy Icing her; "he gave me this, and I ca&'i ever wear any other ring. He—he—went off to seek his fortune," with another suppressed sob, "and he was lost at sea. I tried to forget him; but I cannot. I can't keep my promise to you, Squire Renfrew. I—I couldn't feel like she did to 'Auld Robin Gray—I should hate you. I should." And here she broke down completely. "So,"' hr said, slowly, "you have come to tell me this, and to ask your freedom? And you really think, too, you have seen Jamie's ghost?" "Yes. And I shall never return io iuundmolhi-r again. I dare not. So I am going away." "lie'ssit, my darling," cried u voice, as his strong- arm clasped her. Ths next moment, she was .m the breast of her lover, who had conis back aiive and safe. A few days after there. \va> a happy marriage tit the kirk. Squire Renfrew himself giving -away the bride, our "Bonnie Bessie. "—"New York News." 