IISIIUWMIK CHAPTER XXTV: Whem Ersling and Stancliff, masked and roady for mui'der, if they conld accomplish' their ends no other way, stole silently up the stairway, Mother Flint sat paralysed with terror in her chair. Sho was in darkness, for thoy hed earned her dark Jan tern with them. She dared not stay in the dark. Sho would have followed them had she not be lieved Ersling would surely kill her if sho tried it. So she did the next best thing1 for her— ~ she lighted her lamp, and waited and listened. And now wo, with fiction's privilege, must follow the villains, and see what they do. Silently — even stiller than .Mothor Flint had goue, the two wretches wont up the well retnerabered flights. When they reached the attic lauding they scarcely breathed. The girls, fully awako, did not hear them, until the key was felt of, then turned back by the nippers -which those experienced men carried. When Maud saw tlmfc bolt slid fromitB latoh she knew the hour of peril was at hand. She pointed to it, and Grace, almost fainting, ;saw it. -But the door wus well barricaded. A geutle.push from out . side failed to open it. A low-muttored oath from Ersling broko the silenco. 1 ' Curse it — thero is some fastening beside the lock,' ho said. ' Push harder. Tho door stioks, -maybe,'.' whispered Stancliff. Tho villain did so, yet without effect, though tho door yielded slightly, and poor Grace, Booing it, gave a. low moan of terror. ' So you'ro awako in thoro ('..said Ersling, in a low, but gruff voico. 'If you know when you'ro well oil you'll open that door and lot us in. Wo don't want to murdor you, but we will if you mako any noise, or attempt to uaiso an alarm. So bo quiet and lot us in,' ' Bogono! I know your voico. Thoro- are two of you. Twico you have been .thwarted in your wicked noss!' .cried Maud. 'God will holp up and beat you again. Go. and wo will mako uo alarm.' 'How kind! Just .opon that door and hand ovor tho thousand dollars you have got, , aud we'll think of going, not boforo !' ^ ' Wo will nover opon the door. It is securoly fastened. If you attempt tobroak it .opon wo will uso our woapons!' .criod Maud, still striving to keep up an undaunted heart. Graco, torror-strickon, sat silent, spoechloss and almost paralyzed with fear. . ' I'm in no humour for fooling, girl ! Neithor is my partner. If you're not going to, opon the door wo'll go to work.' Tho brawny ruflian throw his whole weight against' the door. It seoniod as if it would go down, and Maud gavo a wild, shrill scream . f or holp, i' Down — down with it ! . -Sho'll alarm tho house !' criod Ersling, and Stanclifl! added his weight to tho offort. Torn from its hingos, tho door wont in, ,aud poor Maud, clutchod.by tho throut, could' ' , scream no more. 'Grace had fainted. j ' Quick with tho chloroform under tliie . girl's noso — tho house will bo astir !' cried, Ersling. Stanoliff obeyed, and in afow aooonds poor. Maud coasod to struggle Grace was also chloroformed, and then, as noises woro hoard below, the robbors know they must movo quiclcly. Thoy supposed tho girls .had tlio inouoy on their persons, for they woro dressed,- and thoy .darod- not dolay to, search. Down tho stairs thoy flow, .each carrying a girl in .his arms, aud in loss than a minute thoy were in tho baaomont with their BGuaolesB burdons. ? ? . ' ' ? ' But hero thoy mot an unoxpootod chock. '.Mother lAlint had lookod hor door inside. Tho ikoy was iu hor pockot. J3oforo it sho stood ?with that long1 Spanish knifo iu hor hand and itho fire of , opium flu&hing; from horoyos. ?' yoij'll novor loavo horo alivo till you givo ?mo .that' thousand dollars, you counterfeiting ihiovos .]'- flho yollod. ' You gave mo a nice -nilo of vour worthless -traBh. Givo mo tho thousand or I'll raise tho town.' ? 1 ' Devil I You .call down your own fato I' crowlod Ersling, iLercoly, and ho shiftod the form of Maud ovor his loft arm and freed his right. ' Opon that door— I oak but once [ ho said, and ho drew a pistol and cooked it with liifl thumb. .'',,', ' Shooi, if you daro I Tho wholo homio is nstir !' sho cried. ' Givo mo tho raouoy and you can go.' ?, Sho shook (.ho koy at him with ono hand and wavod tho knifo with tho othor. -l You will havo it 1' ho oriod, with au oath aa ho hoard tho noiso inoroasing abevo. Ho levelled his pistol and fired. She fell with a scream and be snatched the key from her hand as she made one lunge at him with her knife, while sho lay upon the floor. It was a wicked thrust, and ho gave another bitter curse as he put the key into the lock and flung open the door. ' Sho nas cut me bad. Hurry up, Stamcliff ; into the coach with your girl !' Staggering forward, leaving a stream of blood as he went, the villain threw Maud into tho h«ck, where Stanclifit had already borne Grace, crept in himself, shut the door to, and away the horses wont as fast as the whip could make them go. I-n the meantime Mother Flint was Bcream ing ' Murder ! thieves ! help !' at the top of her shrill voico, believing that she had got her ?death wound, for the blood gushed out in a torrent from a wound in hor left side. Her room was filled with her lodgers almost at the -snmo moment thehack Avent thundering away, 'but all came too late to attempt to stop the robbers ; in fact, it would have been death for anyone to have stood in the way of the despe rate men. Only a 'few minutes — not over five or ten at the utmost after tho hack aud its contents dashed away, another carriage came furiously to the door, aud from it sprang Ernost Voltay, the police captain and two officers. Rushing into tho crowded basement, they found Mother Flint hold up in a chair, the drug clerk from around the corner trying to staunch her wound, and the people so scared 'and excited they know not what to toll nor what to ask. 'You'ro too late. Them two girto, Maud and Grace, is robbed and and carried off, and I'm 'murdered !' cried Mother Flint as she saw and recognized Voltay. 'Keep quiet. It is only a flesh wound,' cried the drug clerk. ' Keep still till I stanch tho blood.' ' Let her explain, '' said the captain. Voltay had not waited. Ho snatched a lamp from a bystander and ran up to the room he kuow so well. He found it opon, the door broken down, everything in confusion. Mary the Mute was at the door weeping. Tho jar of tho broken door had awakened her. Voltav wrote on a slip of papor and eavo it to hor to road. 'Your friends are gone, but I will follow and save them. Lock yourself in your room and wait till I come.' Shu gave him ono look of grateful intelli gence, and, pressing the papor to hor lips, elosod her door as he rushed back downstairs. The captain had already got the names of the abductorw from Mother Flint. When she found sho was not dyitig all she asked for ?was revenge. 'lict mo go with you and I'll toll you wliero they're gone;' sho cried. ' Let me help to kill 'em or catch 'em, so I. can seo 'em hung and I'm willing to dio,' They had to promise to take hor before sho ?would put them on tho track. Then, with her inside; ono policeman on the-box and the others inside, the carriage was started at its most rapid speed for tho Hoboken ferry. It arrivedthero only ten minutes after a boat had loft. On that boat went a carriage which the captain and Voltay had no doubt was tho ono in which tho poor girls were carried. The gatekeeper said there was a sick man inside — ho board him groan. 'It's Ersling. I drove my knifo to the hilt in his log,' said Mother Flint. ' It's them:; - can't wo go right on?' ' No, we have to wait for the next boat,' said tho captain. ' It will bo twenty minutes. But it will holp mo in my business.' Ho drovo instantly to tho nearost station house and telographed to police headquartors in Jersey City for a squad of good mon to to make all haste to Hoboken Heights to moot him to mako an arrest of thieves and murderers. . Ernest Voltay sent a special message to Mr. Eugene Van Dor Veor : ? ' Toll Clarenco I will soon roturn with the girls. Be of good heart.' . , Ho dared not oxplain further. But tho noxt boat soomod very long to him in coming, though sho camo iu on time. They wore across and going up Hobokon hill boforo day had fairly broken. But now Mothor Flint was of no further good. Sho know their crib was on Hobokon ? Hoights — but whoro P' Fortunately tho police captain had once boforo been ovor thoro in search of an escaped desporado. And that time ho had mado the acquaintance of tho old Dutch constable whom wo spoko of in connection with .his roconnoi6Htiuoo in tho vicinity of tho ' Haunted Honso.' To this old man's residence tho party now. wont for information — -one of tho policemen going down Palisado avonuo to moot tho Jersoy City polico when they came in answer to tho message and bring them to a , rondoz voub whoro tho captain - said ho would moot thorn. Nicholas Buydonhausor was at homo, and when fairly awake, and questioned by Iho captain, ho at onco said :. ' I'll yuat hot anydings you'll find dem J»ooblcs at dor ''Haunted Houso.' ' And ho told of its having occupants, who must havo corcio in tho night, for no ono knew, who they wore — about two old ragged men going away in .rho'mnrning with bags in thoir hands, and Mothor Flint at onco rooognized tho. description. '.Oorao with us, good Nicholas. I'll got tho full force that's coming, and wo'll havo tho men above and bolow, so thoro will bo no ohanco for oscapo,. and thon wo'll havo tho ghosts out of that ' Haunted Houso if wo have to tear it down ovor thoir hoads.' ' The'carringo, with Nicholas on tho box, was now driven to tho rondescvous, and thoro tho captain found twenty of tho Jersey Blues, under Captain Van Piper, ready for work. CHAPTER XXV. ? Happily for tho poor girls, thoy wcro com plotoly inse,nsiblo. under tho offoots of chloro form until iho ruffian Ersling was so weak from loss of! blood that ho could neither threaten nor commit injury, Aud all this tirao Stauclifl had boon busy in taking caro of his wouudud partnor. So tho girls, undis turbed, lay half reclining in tho front part_ of the carriage, and it was not until tho vohiclo was climbing tho hill that oither bogan at all to rocovor hor soiisos., ' . : Maud, fooling tho froBh brooze on her brow and chocks, and gradually coming out of the influence, breathed a aigh, arid Staucliff: know by that that sho was coming to. 'You kuow tho houso 1 Hurry up I' ho said to tho drivor. . 'Thoso girls aw coming to. Thoy must bo insido boforo daylight, and you away on anothor route to tho Pavonia JTorry bo you can got back unquostionocl.'' V ? .. . ? ? ' Ay, ay ! I'll be there in three minutes !' said the driver. ' Have my money ready, pard !' ' Here it is' — I had it before wo started, done up ready for you. You'll not need to wait a minute after we're out, I can take 'em all in. Our womau'll be there to help,' Stancliff handed tho driver the money out of the window, and in less time than the driver had promised he drew up close to the ' Haunted House.' The carnage was heard, a light flashed in a window of the house next tho road, a door opened, and poor Maud, just able to heai'and think, recognized a feared and hated voice. It was that of Madame Dupont, ' Is that the city party ? Are you the boys?' 'Yes, yes — come here and help get those girls and Ersling into the house. He is cut badly, and will bleed to death, I'm afraid !' The driver waited only until his load was out of tho coach, and then ho went off at his best speed, making his return route purposely circuitous, for he was an old hand in rascality and evasion. The carriago was not out of hearing when Grace, yot sensoless, was in tho house, laid carelessly on the floor — Ersling borno to a bed, and Maud, partly able to walk, placed in a chair near poor Grace. Tho windows were close-curtained now — : tho door locked, and Madame Dupont and Stancliff bent all tlieir attention upon tho wounded man, who had fainted. Tho clotted blood had almost stanched the wound, but'ho had bled until very little life was left in him, A bandage was quickly put over the fearful gash, and theii with water, stimulants, and such means as they knew how to uso, they Bought to bring him back to conscfousness. It took some time, Tho sun was shining into an eastern window — one which looked right out over tho precipice, when ho oponod his eyes and faintly breathed out tho ques tions : , , ' Whore am I ? Is all up with me ?' ' You're at homo on tho Heights, pard, and you'll pull through ! But you've had a close call. Old Mothor Flint's knife was sharp, and her arm strong, even if it was her doath stroke, for yon shot her through and through !' ' Curso her! — I remember I' gasped Ersling. He could not speak above a whisper, nor even raise his head. But he could curso yot. After a pause ho gaspod out. ' Got the girls horo safe ?' 'Yes,' said' Stancliff, looking around. A frown came on his face, for Maud, who had raisod Grace in her arms and given her water to drink, unnoticed by those who woro working ovor Ersling, appeared as well as ovor, and Graco was fully conscious. .. 'You girls, I seo, are awake. Be alivo, 'then, to what I say. Movo ono inch from your seats — make ono loud noise and it will be your last breath. You aro prwoners, and will -be treated only as you merit — well- or ill!' _ ' Did you get tho money yet,' gasped Ersling, oven in his utter weakness thinking of that. ???-?? ' No. But I'll trouble you to hand ovor that thousand now, young woman I' ? said Stancliff, addressing Maud. ? ' I havo not got it to hand over !' she said, with all the composure sho could possibly assume. , ' ' Come, come ! you are at no child's play now. Wo'vo run a big risk to got you, and Ave won't run a much bigger risk iu getting rid of you !' cried Stan cliff, sharply. ' We want that monoynow — at onco, with no delay. 'Wo know you have it — wo both saw it yesterday morning, when you were so generous to a poor blind man. 1 Needlos and pins ! Pins and, noodles! Do you remombor ?' ? 'Yes, I romornbor only too woll !' said Maud, indignantly. ' I extended charity to one whom I believed to bo a real sufferer !' ' Woll, you'll bo a real sufferer if you don't hand it over now !' . ' ' ' I havo it not,' said Maud. 'Ah, then your partner horo — this pretty little. trembler; who is to be Mi;s. Staucliff pro tem,, if sho only behaves real pretty.' ' Sho had not got it either!' said Maud, ' If you only tore us away from our homo to got that money you have missed your aim !' ' Whoro is it ? Speak quickly or I'll pitoh you ovor tho rocks out of this window. It is a hundred feet down if its an inch,' 'I will not toll you,' said the tho heroic Maud. ' This swoot little bit of cowardice will, or out she goes !' criod Stanoliff, and ho snatched Graco up and startod for tho window. ' . ' Oh, morcy I Do not murdor mo 1 It was hidden ? in tho room of Mary tho Muto last night,' cried poor Grace. ' Does sho spoak tho truth ? Speak quickly or out sho goos ! cried tho wratoh, and ho hold up the poor girl's sloiidor form aB ho ^vould' that of a babo, and poised it, ready for a fatal oast. 'She does ! sho does ! For Hoavon'B sake ! put hor down !' oriod Maud in torror, ' I boliovo you. A good scarp is worth a thousand kind words whona follow wants to got at, tho trutli. Eruling, wo'vo mado a botch of our job. That money must bo had.' ' ' Yos, yos j and I'll go and got it. I know Mothor Flint,' said Madamo Dupout. 'Sho'H holp mo.' ; 'Not much, with a half-ounce ball .through her hoart or lungs,' said Stancliff. iC Ersliug shot lior just boforo sho stabbed liim.' ' Thon I'll got it without holp. I. know whoro to go. I'll go quick, before' thoro is much stir in town, Voilod, no ono will know mo ! I'll forgo an ordor on the' muto girl, and if sho don't givo it to mo I'll sti'auglo hor and bring it anyway.' ' Tho woman is all grit. Lot hor go,' said Ersling, faintly, ' Woll on with your things, aud hurry up your cakes, Two womou, or girls, and a sick man, is moro than I want to tako care of.' ' I'll bo roady in ono minuto, Lot mo havo Ersliug's knifo 'and pistol — ho don't nood thorn now,' oriod tho madam. ' Tako Iho knifo. I'll, not part with tho piBtol; I. may neciJityot,' whispered Ersling. Tho woman took ? tho knife, put it in the bosom of Lor dross, and throw on a jaokot, bonnet and yoil. . ' By- by ! I'll. bo back inside of two hours,'; .she said. Sho throw opon tho door to go out, and a wild Bcrbain of torror broko from hor lips. ' Wo'ro trapped ! Polico I polico I sho yollod, and darting back, sho tried to oloso tho door, (To bo continued,') 