? _ . w ' ? ? ??_:,[ '— THE THiTH ABOUT THE POPE'S HEALTH. 'YOUTHFUL VIGOUR' AT EIGHTY-NINE. LATEST AUTHENTIC ACCOUNTS FROM ROME. Whites the Rome correspondent of the London Tablet, July 23; — On Sunday his Holiness received in special pri vate audience Cardinal Vincenzo Vannutelli, who ?was about to leave Rome for Liege in order to assist at the Eucharistic Congress as the representative of the Pontiff. On Tuesday, he received in private audience Monsignor Marmarian, Armenian Bishop of Trebizond, and Monsignor Mirra, buuragan Bishop of Sabina (the suburban diocese of Cardinal Mocenni). On Wednesday, Herr Von Bulow, the Prussian Minister, who presented his daughter. On Thursday, in separate audiences, Monsignor Geha, Greco-Melchite Archbishop of Aleppo, and the General of the Order of Minors, who -was accom panied by the Commissary- General of the Holy Land. On Friday, M. Poubelle, the French Am bassador, who is now on leave of absence for the summer. On Saturday, his Eminence Cardinal Parocchi, Vicar- General of Rome, and his Eminence Cardinal Rampolla del Tindaro, Secretary of State jjia Holiness passed the early hours of yesterday morning in the Vatican gardens, and returned to the palace at nine o'clock for audience-giving. TheBe evidences of activity are still a sufficient answer and reassurance in view of the continuance of disquieting rumours. At the same time it is interesting to read the following inspired paragraph in a Rome paper :— ' For some days the Liberal journals have continued to publish alarming intelli gence about the health of the Holy Father. We are most happy to inform our readers that, thanks to God, his Holiness enjoys the best of health. As proof (there are) the audiences which he grants daily to personages of note, Cardinals, Bishops, and prelates, his going — as he has done in recent days — to the Casino in the garden in order to breathe the fresh morning air, and his being continually occu pied with the gravest affairs affecting the govern ment of the Universal Church. One paper has taken a special interest in speaking of progressive paralysis, intestinal complaints, and fainting fits. We repeat, thanks to God, the venerable Pontiff Buffers none of the troubles incidental to his robust old age, walks fast, and speaks and treats of affairs ?with youthful vigour. Dr. Laponi, who is undis turbed at his own house, does not visit the Pope either more or less than in the past.' ritr.T-n -nrvni?' O OTTPP^CnnT). One caprice of journalism is ' naming' the Pope's successor. Already a dozen names have ' gone the rounds.' Some correspondents 'who advocate the selection of an English-speaking Pon tiff have mentioned Cardinal Gibbons and the Cardinal' Arohbishop of Sydney. It is a matter of unconcern to these writers that the election of a Pope is a most solemn matter, resting with the Sacred College of Cardinals, who pray most fer vently for Divine help, relymg on the Divine pro mise that the Church on earth will never be left ?without a worthy head and Chief Pastor. On the day of the election the Cardinals assemble at St. Peter's, where they assist at the Mass of the Holy Ghost, to implore the Divine light and guidance in their deliberations. On this occasion is preached a sermon. Be eligendo summo Pontifice, in which their Eminences are reminded that their sole thought should be the glory of God and the providing of a suitable Pastor for His Church. One simple-minded foreign journalist, who would Beem to have taken the responsibilities of the Church upon his shoulders, is troubled with the fear that a successor to Leo XIII. will not be found. Says this writer : — ' The illness of his Holiness the Pope is a source of anxiety to all the leading journalists of this and of other countries, Still Leo XIII. lives on and takes a very intelligent interest (sic) in everything that tends to benefit humanity. Undoubtedly the Pope is of ripe old age. His work has been done. One hopes, however, that Leo XIII. may live for t many years. All great men are passing away. We cannot at present (sic) afford to lose the Pope, inas much as there is no man in a commanding position of one-tenth of his ability to replace him.' The simple and pious Catholic belief is that 'God ?will nrnvide.' CATCHPENNY JOURNALISM. In a preceding letter (writes the Rome correspon dent o£ the Catholic Times, July 22), I commented on the inveterately bad habit of certain unscrupu lous journalists, who, when in want of 'copy,' have recourse to the stereotyped but always sensa tional announcement that the Pope is ill or dying. Lately the usual rumours have been set afloat, as is the case every summer, but this time with such persistence and with such wealth of details that it has been found necessary at the Vatican to publish an energetic contradiction of the newspaper false hoods which had begun to seriously alarm many, especially in the provinces and abroad. The Observatory Romano, the Vatican organ, publisheo in its first page an article in which the writer says : ' A correspondent of Liberal newspapers once con fessed to us that, when he had nothing to wire, he mvariaDiy wirea tnat uie rupe w-*» m. j.i- 'i yei haps, the' dearth of other news which induces the Liberal journals of Rome and of the provinces to imitate the example of the above correspondent, for to no other reason can we attribute the fact that during the last few days we hear and read _ of nothing but rumours concerning the Pope's ill health. Those who see the Holy Father— and they are several every day— can attest that he is not only in good health, but continues to occupy himself ?with his wonted energy and activity with the affairs ] of the Church.' It would be difficult to be more | explicit than this, and the papers guilty of setting such f alse and alarming rumours afloat well deserve [ the lash of the Osservatorb Romano's satire. A MUNIFICENT GIFT TO ST. TETER's. On the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul bin Eminence I Cardinal Rampolla presented the Vatican Basilica i ?with what may well be described as a princely gift. | It consists of a sum of one hundred thousand lire, £4000, which his Eminence sent to the two Camer lenghi of the Basilica, Mgr. Costantini and M»r. Misciatelli, together with a letter in which the donor expressed the wish that the interest of that sum, viz., 5000 lire a year, should be spent in the acquisition and restoration, of sacred vestments and precious ornaments for the Basilica. 