HIS ONLY CASE. We were in Markham's ' snug,'* a little room I I to which be was acenptomed to retire 11 to cool,' J as be expressed it, in such odd minutes as a ] i heavy bome-practicc in medicino left him. Netherby, a purgeos from lower down the street, had dropped in at teu o'clock to smoke a friendly pipe with Markbam and me and to chat over professional topic*, as was our custom. Markliam was great on reminiscences and struck *-ut upon them as soon ns rvetueruy, oihwiuk mo coat tails sententious^ about him, had Fettled down into the doctor's wicker chair. We smuked on in deferential fiilpnce until Markham had finished. 41 Well !' said Nciherby, with a long pull at his pipe. 4* I'm not much at * experiences,' but I had one job out there neor^'Sau Francisco that lias always been on my mind;' | ?? Wliat wbs ltr BSKCU JW*llEU»i» «u j abrupt way, turning a pair ot' piercing little grey eyes on Netherby. ' It occurred nearly twenty years ago, before I settled down,' said Netherby, removing his pipe and throwing bis head back into a reflective attitude, ' 1 had had a few turns at sea as surgeon on a North American steimer, but through a bother I had with the chief officer I dropped it nt the end of a voyage out. I left her at Frisco and went on a ramble inland. I had no definite plan, hut t thought it would be worth while taking a turn round the mming district. I had gone through surgery, and thought, being an Englishman, there might be ^ a chance about'somo of the mining settlements. Lots of work for a saw-bones about thora,' said Netherby, with a signifiomt nod. 11 Did you get any ? ' asked Markham, sharply again. ,4 Ono case — ju«t one. And I didn't like it# It wasn't in my hraucli at all,' Netherby replied, frowning at tbe recollection. 44 1 dropped on a little mining place in tbe bills,' he continued. 14 It was about a hundred mile* east ot San Francisco. laomehow fancied tbe placf, ao I stayed there prospecting about two months. In three weeks 1 knew everyone in it worth knowing. They were as deferential as you please, learning that I was an English surgeon, so I got on well with them. 'I stopped at tho principal store in the town, the keeper of wbieh was a sharp and sbrewd V* m 1... L...4- n Kji i« ^ .e C Q thptT make 'em. 'One night after I hsd gone to 1 ed I heard a loud knocking at tbe out^r door. Then there were voices. I could hear the storekeeper ' speakingsharply to someone about coming at that late hour. In a minute I beard him approach ing my room. He called out to learn whether 1 was awake, and on my answering him, told me that one of the * bosses ' of a mino outside of the town had come to see if 1 wou'd go to a man who was dying. There had been a fall of stone in tbe workings, and tbe man was badly injured. A doctor of some kind was with him, but the man had begged that they would bring an Englishman to him as he had something important to say. The * boss ' thought he wanted to make a confession, and 'for some reason would o;.Jy mtvkc it to an Englishman , Youste, 1 was not wanted pro* fevsionally, so at first I declined to go. Tbe storekeeper argued the matter with me, saying :it would look bad if it got known -that I hud refused to gn and h?ar a dying man's confes sion. So i got up and dressed aud joiued the * boss,' and tnld him to lead tho way. ' He led me along tho solitary main Btrcet of the place, end then struck out tor the hills. I had not the ghost of an idea where we were .gbTug, 'and &s; the night was dark was impossible to note the way. I tried to get my companion to talk, -but after ono or two vague replies to my remarks I left bim alone. Ue was cither stupidly sullen or so concerned abuut the man that he was unable to convi rse lucidly. . 44 We must have walked for nearly half-an ixdur when my guide gripped my right wrist wad turned me sharply round, with a curt, *Kem this way 4 Still faoMing my wrist he walked a few paces aud then stopped. I could sec that .we were by a low building. Going on again my guide led me slowly round the place until we reached a door on the further side. It was partly open, aud I could discern a dim light within. 4 Hyar we air,' cxcluimcd my companion pushing tbe heavy door open. 4 Hyar's the I Englecsh surgeon, mebbft 'e'll du fer yer.' 4,It was a mining hut of the roughest descrip tion. A small lamp was burning on a kind of mantle-shelf, and giving just sufficient light to make the place miserably ditn and weird. A man in the garb of a miner was sitting on a rough etool by a low coueh, a bed upon which 1 could discern a human form * Heaw es it now, Jose ?' asked my com panion. * Bad 1' answered the watcher, bendiug forward to look at the face ot the injured man, My guide knelt down by the couch. 'Ned I Hyar's tbe Englecsh doctor. 'E'es oome t' hyar what yer'n tf say. Can yer talk ; t' 'm ?' -ftI had grown accustomed to the gloom, and ooutd disccrn a face of deathly pnien»ss at the raised end of tbe couch. As I watched it tbe ' Leave 'irn with me — leave us alone,' said a faint voice. ' Kern on, Jose. Let's gew out. Leave tbe doctor with 'im a bit. Kem on !' said my com panion, taking hold of the watchcr's arm. 'The man slowly rose and left tho cabin with my guide. 1 heard the pondcious door grate ;-s they closed it behind them, and knr^w that 1 was alone with the dying man. x ' Can I do anything for you ?' I &skod;, bending over to obtain a better view of him, ' Draw that stool up aud sit down by me,' be replied in a low voice. 41 Let' me examine, you first,' I said, feeling bis right shoulder. ' No, do, not that,' ho said teetily. ' You CAn't do me any good that way. 1 want you to listen.' *1 will,' I replied. 'Goon..' ' Are you -an Englishman P' he asked, turn ihgliiB'gTassy eyes'on ray face, ' Yes, * I replied again. * Then listen. This is a dying man's coufes sioh. My name's Frank Matbeson. I was a diver. I was doing very well. Me and my mate, Tom Tliornley, 'ad been at it for years. We were like brothers. Sometimes he went down and some times me. We were all right until the girl j came. Kate Jacobson her name was. She was my girl, 1 loved her with all my life. 1 was 1 happy, so happy until Tom played me falee He made pretence of friendship to Kate, for ; old acquaintance sake, he said, but I saw how it wa3 going, He was making love to her. He took her from me—my Kate that 1 would have diedahundied tiroes for— took her from me. And she left me for him . I was like one dead. 'Everything changed. All tbe bope went out of me. I was miserable, and wished 1 was dead. And he, my old mate, Tom Thornloy, had done it— played me false. How I hated bim I We were mating stHI, diving together just bb before. And they were to be married — Tom and my Katie to be married. I was mid— mad for he nau pi&yeu; mo ittiae. ae u»u owicu u.j love. ! She was my Katie. I won her— honourably ; he deceived me — tricked me. Oh, how I hated : him I I wanted to bill him, for hadn't he killed my hope — my life. It was all gone. Ah ! I remember/ * The man cloBed bis eyes and stopped,' arid Netherby. ' I saw that he had not finished his narrative, so I said gently, 1 Have you nothing more to tell me ? ' In a minute the eyes ' opened again. They were quite wild aad glanng.' ? Yes, ' h e gasped . ? They were to be married —my Katie and him— married. But I spoiled it. We were diving at the old Jlferfm on a night-tide. It was Tom's turn to go down. I bad to screw bim up and pump tor him. He went down. I thought of them, married, him and my Katie. I was mad, and I did it. I kept on turning the wheel, madly, gloatingly. I knew Tom was getting no air. We got him up. dead. I killed him. Killed him, for be stole my Katie. ? Then, I couldn't bear to look on her face. I thought she could read murder on my brow. Thtf form of Tom haunted me. I couldn't bear to be at the old place or to touch tbe pump or the gear again. I daren't bave gone down in that dress again for the world. I would have met him down there just as he died. Iran from tbe country. Now it's all over : I can die. You've beard everything. Leave me— leave me in peace.' 14 His eyes closed and his bead fell over help lessly to his left side. He had spent himself upon his narrative. I stepped softly to tbe door and partly opened it. Tbe noise brought baok my guide snd Jose. I lenrued from them that the man was badly crushed about the lower part of his body and that the mine doctor had told them he would not live through the night, but that he would come back and see him. Virtdtnir hrtw ncarlv hn WM tmiip. I Hid not attempt to touch bim, especially as I had not been asked to render any professional service. *' My guide conducted mo back to the town over tbe same unknown way we bad travelled to tbe cabin. Promising to let me know how tbe man went on, be left me by tbe store at which I wan lodging. Before I rose in the morning tbe store-keeper came to my room with the infor mation that the man I bad visited was dead. 'You are the only liviug creatures who ever heard bis story from my lips,' said Netherby knockiug the ash out of his pipo and rising to go home. ? ? 