[?] ,? stdefcution', . ! For or against it. - Sohools hreok up onThuradaynext. Easter holidays commence next week. Cricket match to-morrow — Molong t. Cheeseman's Crook. II, P. — Our advertising dolomna are at your disposal at reasonableTatt*. There are 619 prisoners in DarUaghnnt ' Gaol. Orange is ths most noted town in Urn colony for— wind, doit, sleet and rain. James Payne, ths Well-known novelist. Is dead. Tbe chances ol wax. between America and £pain are increasing. . Olthe 709 B.C. nuns In Australia over 690 are natives of the colony. Sydney has a constable named JugweU. Evidently a born polioeman. Visitors to the Orange Show say it was not better than it ought to have beta. The interest on tbe Town Hill Lssn of £700 has beeir seduced to 0 per isant. Mr. B. It. Wise has con rented to stand for Flinders at next election. On an average about 100 persons commit suioide in tbo Thames annually, It is said that there are In Sorona a tribe ot Indians with yellow hair and blue eyes. Terrible floods bare occurred in tbs States of Ohio, Virginia, and l'ensylvania. An Inportant Measure — the Nlght-oart Question. Tbs matter of a night-cart is considerably puxtling the aldermanic minds of this town. Splendid weather is promised by Mr. Wragge for the Molong Show next week. Winter is approaching witb rapid strides. Frosts have already made their appearance. Many of the Landon underwriters are now charging 5 per cent, war premiums. Want of a downpour is the prevailing complaint. At last! The City Council inquiry has closed. In the Honker's Plate at theOrange Show, Stalls and Loch Marie divided the first prize, and Lawyer took second money. Mr. Carrothers must regret now that he ever bod ahytbing to do with John Norton or George Lonsdale. Tbe Hon. Dan O'Connor, M.L.C., is talked of as a candidate for Cowra in the Freetrade interest. For sending a threatening letter to a woman at Melbourne, a man named C. H . Brown got three years jug. From 16 to 20 men are at present engaged in contract work at tbe old Goodrich mine, near Obley. Molong Ahow is without doubt tbe most cheaply advertised of any in the colony. Not a Show odvt. appeared in any paper. Tho country, notwithstanding the scarcity of raio, looks very well for this lime of the year. A cattle 'lifter ' has made his appearance at Manildra. Like Demosthat, ho is ' abso lutely unknown.' Ths sum of £1591 was pii.l to blind workersduring last year by tne Sydney Indus trial Blind Institution. Tbe Phillip Division Protectionist League has selected Mr. John Norton as their candi date st the general election. Gas manager Scoles has besn granted a week's leave of absence. Hj purposes visit ing Mudgee. . Draught horses for ploughing are fetching from £14 to £25, anJ dairy stock up to £5, at Cootamundra. Tho Mounted Rifles will leave Molong on Thursday next for the Easter Encampment to be held at ltook rood. Not nearly the ssmo number of Molong people journeyed to this year's Orange Show as on former occasions. The judge of wheat at tho Orange S'tow (Mr. John Black, of the Molong Flour Mills) says it was without doubt the best samples he has seen at any Show this season. Business man report matters as being very quiet at Cumnosk just now, since the Show, Biziar, io. After a storm, comcs a calin. At the Trungie Rices yesterday, Filbert won the Flying '-Luilicip, aad Innocence the Member's Handicap. Abraham Kixon, convicted at Melbourne of attempting to indues witnesses to sncir falsely, was ordered to pay a fine of £209, or be seut to prison for two years. licv. Abbott, a Brisbane curate, getting £200 a year, is going to New Guinea for 'tucker' only, with Bishop Stone-Wigg. Does this mean a feed for the niggers 1 ' Sec hero, young man,' said the minister ; 'you never paid me that fee for mirrying you.' ?' You're mighty lucky I, haven't sued you for damages.' Mr. J. Laary h« 'Bed Boss' still in train ing at Cqmnpsk. Another colt named ' Cumnoelt ' is also 'toeing trained for the Welliogtou Races. The doctors in attendance on Mr. Glad stone have informed the right hon. gentle man that his recovery is hopeless, though it is possible that be may linger for weeks. At tho Dubbo Lands Office yesterday 29 lodged applications for a homestead selection of 119 acres, and for another selection there were 8 applicants. The Department of Education has inti mated that if the locul School of Arts com mittee desireB a copy of ' Sbine's Map of Snakes 'the committee should purohase tbe map themselves. Mr. II. J. Brooke, of the Oa*sos Leader, was thrown out of a sulky during the week . and received a great shaking. In splints and bandages one would hardly recognise the features of our popular friend. When will the present Government give up the ghost ? Perhaps tbe Labor crlugers will do something in order to redeem them selves and retain tbeir £G a week. But the electors are full up of this palsied crew. Mr. Wragge predicts fine weather, generally. Mr. Bussell is of opinion that it will be fine inland, providing it doesn't rain. Mr. Russell's opinion is highly treasured by everyone— by everyoue, by jovo I Speaking at Chtiloua, General Pellienx said that France bad now better rifles and canons than Germany and would be able to seize her own opportunity for striking a blow in retaliation at that country. Reports! that the Rev, J. Mayo was on board the s.s. China, when wrecked last week. Dr. Browne, and family, also of Molong, wpre travelling to England by the same steamer. Thirty days from the 26th March the Local Land Board will hold an inquiry with a view to issuing certificate of conformity on tbe following conditional purchase: — Patrick Fai'Jy, 110 ucres, parish Mandagery. By ndvtrlisemcnt elsewhere tbo members of the local Half-couipnny of RifleB are requested to ' full in ' nt the Drill Hall at 12.43 sliiirj) on Thursday next, to proceed to encampment. There was an old pRrty named Janner, Who didn't mind taking a tanner, Our Fiue Art to judge, But some people said : fudge, Wbieb raised up a perfect Gehanna. Purple patch in the sea of meteorology : — The sea in sympathy adds its stentorian base to the whirring of tho wind, anon roaring round somo cavernous bluff, tben lashing the cliffs In angry tones with supernal cascades of majestic beauty— while modulating the sonata in turn to tbs hissing, seething notes ot bubbling foam. We are informed, savs the Darn Tkuk oritb, that Mr. H. A. Moss, solicitor, who appeared for M^Geo. Lonsdale ia the recent libel action st Armldale, has been instructed to institute proceedings against Mr. J. H. Carruthers, MitilsterforLancU,iac-onnecUoo , with that esse. Ur. Canuthars baa been , stkid to nstoe a iolicitor vbo will acoept ? service of a writ claiming £6QOD-ta»ngeg £or-; ' alleged inallnlnu-i prowru^q^. s a : i 