THE DAY OF REST. THY KINGDOM COME. [By GEOHGE MACKENZIE, B.D., minister of Kttrick and Buccleuch, Selkirk. J • Thy Kingdom come—Matthew vi. 10. There would be a very familiar ring about this prayer to those who first heard it. Long before they companied with Jesus of Nazareth the disciples had had these words upon their lips. Since they were boys they had prayed for the coming of the Kingdom, as their fathers had done before them—prayed for the swift coming of the day that should see the. children of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob plant their feet, as of old, upon the mountain tops of national glory. No man in whose veins ran the strong tide of Jewish , blood could ever forget the mighty past of his people—the triumphs of David, the splendours of Solomon. So it was that tho acme of national aud individual aspiration was there-establishment of the aucient kingdom, the restoration of Israel to the place among the nations it had lost. Peter aud James and John, and the other disciples, we know, were patriots to tbe core. They shared the patriotic hope. We do them no dishouour if we attribute their first following ot Christ to the belief that in Him they had fouud the champion of their cause. And Christ was a patriot, too. He loved His people. He loved His country. He was proud of His country's historyPerhaps it was a harder thing than we-imagine for Him to disappoint tbe universal bops. Had He not, at the very outsat of His career, a sore struggle to beat away this very temptation — the temptation to raise the standard of revolt against the usurping Roman, and prove Himself the fit successor of the Maccabees? But a grander vision was His, a sublimer hope, from the moment when He issued from the wilderness down to the moment when He cried upon the cross, " It is finished," with a single-Handedness to which there is no parallel. He lived laborious days and prayerful nights to lead His countrymen into a Kingdom of which the kingdoiii of their fathers had been, even in its proudest days, only a symbol and a promise. In quiet talk with the few, in public discourse to. the many, He sought to make known the character of that Kingdom, the conditions of its coming, the blessedness of its subjects. But nobody understood; nobody wanted to -understand. Still the prayer went up to God for what God's Son had told them was not to be. Even His own disciples, His bosom friends, the comrades and partners of His innermost thoughts—even they did not understaud. They heard His words; they pondered His parables about the Kingdom; they received His explanations. But the tradition of centuries 'was too strong, for them, and into everything He said they persistently read the old meaning. Not until ho was taken from them, not until He had sent the Spirit of Truth to lead them into all truth, did thsy begin to realize that che promised Kingdom was spiritual, not material; that it consisted not in meat and drink, but in righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost; that it was to come, not with observation, not with strength or stratagem, not with sounding of trumast and flashing of sword, but geutly, slowly, itnperceptibly, like the growth of a seed iu the ground ; that it was destined to spread, not merely from Dan to Baersheba and from the Desert to the Great Sea, but from will to will, and conscience to conscience, and heart to heart all the world over. They learned, in short, that the kingdom t<i pass away was not Caspar's but Satan's, an<l the Kingdom to come not David's but God's. What & new meaning this prayer had for them then! What a transfiguration of the old hereditary hope! What a noble ideal to lift up before the eyes of men! What a glorious consummation for which to labour, to suffer, and to pray 1 HAS THE KINGDOM COME? "Thy Kingdom come." Ail these past eighteen centuries, from myriads of lips, this prayer has ascended to the throne of God. From thousands and tens of thousands of Churches it is ascending this very day. Has the Kingdom of God, then, after so great an interval and so much petition, not yet come? Look around. Dj you discover the signs of its presence iu tiie fostering and increasing of armies and armaments, traiued, pledged, paid to destroy one another for glory or for gain? Do you discover them iu tho hy pocrisies and vituperations of political life? In the trickeries of commercial life? In the corruptions and cruelties of social life? In the selfishness of individual life? Do you breathe the atmosphere of that Kingdom iu Churches that one may be forgiven for thinking sometimes are united only iu hate'and jealousy of one another? Do you find tha evidence of its growth in the huge tracts of earth that are — .uu. iuu uuserauie witu heathen ; horror and superstition? " Do vou percriveany trace of that'Kingdom's beauty in the din"y hovel and the noiluted court? In the catub Hug of the Stock Exchange, the turf and the ' Church bazaar? In the drunkenness and im I purity of our towns ahd cities-aye and oE evea our quiet aud secluded glens'' In the idleness of the rich, the^^servility of the rtoor, and the greed of both rich and poor together? Do you bear the' melody of that Kingdom's music in the crief 1 of oppressed peoples, the groans of outcast ! aud starving men and women, the waUs of abused and neglected child™? The very a^r we breathe is tremulous with sorrow Does t i not sound very like mockery to aak, in these 1 circumstances, whether the Kingdom of cSd "has yet come? - One hardly • -• wonders - that " L men, VIlau like Schopenhauer,- who had lost all belief in htdZ e^S™nclu g 4 0 n^L 0 t d ih S A OUld rUSh would be weli — if our race could ' terminate . C! J ar the 11 ! j reign of horror bv an act of universal suicide. But we are Christian people. We have pinned our faith to the promises of Christ, and 5uch a cutting of the knot as tbe pessimist ad vocates would be to us of an infinitely sadder thing than even all the complications of the knot itself. We are confronted with the same facts as he; but we do not believe that Christ has been cheating men all these centuries with tbe hope of what He knew could never be realized. We cannot believe that He was the mere dreamer of a beautiful dream. We dare not believe that God is deaf to the pravers and blind to the struggles of His children, and that as things have b^en in tho past or are now, so He 13 content they should be, so long as time and earth endure. Wo instinctively shrink from and protest against so sad and monstrous a conclusion as that. Let us look at the matter calmly. We admit all the facts. We will not minimise a single one of them. We deplore their existence, and we pray God to have mercy upon us in so far as we are personally and corporately responsible for their continuance. But ean we fail to observe, notwithstanding the facts, that all around us thero is a distinct aud emphatic trend in the right direction? It needs no very profound knowledge of history to be aware that the sum total of human imserv is less and the sum total of human happiness is greater to-day thau ever it has been ill days past; that the world is growing better and not worse; that slowly, it may be, yet surely, the march of humanity is a march towards tbe light. Even within the lifetime of many now present there has been conspicuous progress in morals as in material wellbeinsr. The value of the individual has baen increasingly recognised. Tho relative obligations of the community to the member and of the member to the community have been better fulfilled. Tb« conditions of livine have been vastly improved and sweetened for the masses of men. Public opinion has been greatly educated and refined. The Christian conscience has basil quickened. Everywhere, and in all departments of life, a reforming and regenerating power has been at work. The world may still, in the words of the A post] a John, be lying in wickedness; but it has-at leaM; caught a glimpse of the blue sky above, and heard heavenly whisperings of faith and hope. Yes, brethren, even in the face of all the sad and hideous and shameful things of life we may cherish an Invincible hope. There is no place for pessimism in the Christian's creed. Our faith should be never more resolute, nor our hearts more buoyant than when we pray this simple prayer. For"we look forward steadfastly to the day— though our mortal eyes may never see it—that triumphant day when this petition shall bo changed into thanksgiving, and the new heaven and the new earth shall shout aloud for joy because God's Kingdom at l^t has come. ™ HOW TO HASTEN ITS COMING. But the question now for practical people is. How may this biossed era be hastened? How shall the things that hinder it be got rid of? How is the prayer of our text to be fulfilled? You are familiar with some of the current answers to those questions, the sugested remedies for the world's disease. There are those who have calmly organized themselves to destroy the present order of things altogether, in the hope of constructing on its ruins another and a better. There are many earnest souls who are_ convinced that legislation in certain directions is the one thins needful. Pass this aud that particular Bill, they say, and the work of reformation will begin; God's Kingdom will come. But alas! at the very heart of these and all kindred proposals there is a palpable blunder. They take no account of sin. They ignore that tremendous power in inan which compels him to do evil while he knows the good. They' forget to reckon with • that one cardinal- fact, which, x if left unmolested, will undermine them all and bring them to confusion. That is the fundamental error -of such schemes of universal reform as have been depicted, in books of the type of "Looking Backward." They are very ingenious, we admit, very plausible, very beautiful. But they make too great a demand upon our credulity when they bid us believe that human nature will spontaneously transform itself, and that all selfishness in the individual and the community will be abolished by the mere stroke of a statesman's pen. " Not BO, brethren. Jfhere is no short cut to the City of God. The stream will never flow clear and sweet so long as the fountain-head is muddy and polluted. Men may dream and legislate and isvolutionize; but human nature will remain the same. If they are to change society they must first change that. If the Kingdom of God is to come into the world, it, can only be through its coming first of all into the hearts and lives of individual men. Perhaps some of you are disappointed with the conclusion I have reached; for, as you see, I have no new remedy to suggest for the ills of life, no new lever to put into your hands for tho uplifting of the racc to a level with its high destiny. Just the old lever, tHe old remedy—tbe gospel of the grace of God. The. grace of God, acting in aud through living men and women—that is tbe world's one and only hope. THE KIKCDOU WITHIN. That being •so, we- are now drivtra back upon the primary question—Has the Kingdom of God yet 1 come into our own hearts? It is a sheer waste of time to anticipate and discuss the fulfilment of this prayer in the macrocosm of the world, if it is still unfulfilled in the microcosm of our own individual lives. Does God reign over them— reign absolutely, and without a rival? Are you conscious, my brother, that your heart is Hi3 "royal throne," whence He issues decrees that tongue and hands and feet are swift to execute? Buskin has well said that God- will put up with a great many things in the human heart, but there is one thing' ho will not put up within it—a second place. "Thou shalt have no other gods before Me." Yohr whole heart must acknowledge Him its one Lord and only King. Yet a step farther. If we are humbly confident that the Kingdom of God is indeed within us, that our hearts are just so many of its scattered provinces, what are we doing to bring it into the hearts and lives of others? That it is our duty to do so I shall not. stop to argue. The man.who demands proof has no business to be between these walls. Let him' betake himself, with Cain, to the land of Nod. No man is entitled to wear tho Christian name who is 6imply con- •tent to have his own spiritual needs supplied in Christ, and has never a thought for the clamant needs of those around him and far away. So I ask again, what are we doing to speed the Kingdom of God? We marvel sometimes that the Kingdom eo long delays its coming. We forget that the responsibility of delay rests largely tfpon ourselves, upon the whole Church of Christ. No doubt the obstacles are great and manyjf But no obstacles are insurmountable to men of vigorous faith. If we only availed ourselves more ot the twin ministries of prayer and service that God has placed at our disposal, obstacles would dwindle and be laid in the dust, and the Kingdom of God would spread. Prayer and service! each impotent without the other; both together invincible. Pray, Christian, for the coming of God's Kingdom as though its coming depended solely upon Him. Work for it, as though its coming depended solely upon yourself. I do not know whether great deeds of service to your less fortunaite brethren are within your reach. . Of course, if you have great talr-nts, high place, abundant means, lUrge social and political influence, yon can, if you will, mightily advance the Kingdom of God. And you must do it, for to no other end has He conferred these gifts upon you. But whether the great deeds of service are possible to you or not, this I know, that the small deeds are within reach of all. There is >, 0t °" e ° f , but mav at least give ° U S -°l C °V J t . he ™me °f Christ, Then , tlunk blesmngwouldcome to and what a blessing to others even f" be yona your own Church and community, lf thl B f co n P re f at J°? ^re to make the ^ ^ woe k , a ^ ° f C^tian seru shouid ^ery one of us see to it as 5 pM, L t °/, honour that not another Sabbath- V u c ° ma u wl t thout c sor n ° brother or help and tbe b T g t>>e - V ° f Ur £ o f - ou J, men now ,n the glory and wonder of your 1 A™ W 7 tbe ', T ^ ! °f tiun^t0 the Sereana yellowautumn- K m ° 01 P h J a P? or retrospect will ? Je 4° urs ' ^hat a desolate end will be yours, if " I % V S " T T ? °PP ortunlt y you have not done your best to .serve your fellows. When Sir Christopher Wren was an old man, and could work no more, he used to mak j his fr'e^s carry him round St. Paul's CathedraL that he had done something once, and it made the repose of his latter days all the sweeter and more welcome. And you, too, will remember with joy at the close of life that you did thin and that service to your fellow-men for Christ's sake, that you helped some brother in need, that you cheered some drooping heart, that you brought glimpses of a Father's love aud a Father's hous9 to weary and sin- stained souls. Even if, you go down to tha grave without seeing any'perceptible advance of the Kingdom for which you have laboured and prayed, still you will have the satisfaction of knowing that you at least did what you could, and have earned the King's "Well done!" You remember, brethren, the vision of the New Jerusalem that St. John beheld in the lonely seagirt isle of Patmos. Soon, ah ! too soon, the vision faded the heavenly voioes were silent. But with him still remained the splendid hope they had breathed into his spirit, and the quickened zeal to hasten its fruition. We, too, this day have beheld in vision the land that is very far off. It is already vanishing, from us. and in a few more hours we shall see only the stern and hard realities of the present. But shall we not return to " the trivial round, the common task," stronger, more hopeful, more resolute, more patient, just because we know, w ; th all the certainty and confidence of God-giving knowledge, that His Kingdom, though it tarry. I shall one day come, and His will be done on earth as it is in heaven? 