A SLIP'OF ?THE -PEN ..... "t was all Dicky Carshalton's tault. In maany respectsdn amiable'ydhthli he can not be said to be possessed of the finer feelings,:iand perhaps is note'T-are:of the extent of the discomfort he piroduces in more sensitive people. A frequenter of sarties of every description;.he'is fond of varying the monotony of the social rou tine by various little practices. f these hris favorite, not alas! peculiar to himself, is coinmonly known as sPoilin sport ,Wheneveli Dickiy sees a 'iair"bf ctpple who appear to take particularde light in one another's society, showing a tendency to seek unlto ,themselves re-. treits, ihe is never ,satisfied until, .by somue bold stroke dr cunning stratagem, lie has succeedbd in separating themn; or, itt least, in destroying their enjoyinelit for the rest of one evening. . : : - The happy possessor of an exhaustless soupply of self- confidence, and the most mrazen impudeneetle objects of his.at tick, moreover, being fromn the ihature of their position comparatively dofence mess-it is needless to add that, though Dicky' has his fainlures on record, they are greatly outstripped in numbers by liis successes. So there is'nothing so wonderful in the fact that Dicky was at lhe bottom of that unfortunate affair with Jack and 'Ethel.. Matters had long been in a delicate and rriticial state between thllosetwo Toting jieople. Jack, wiho hal told himself over a:id tover agaikI that Ethel was a -lirt and that ihe, for one. had ino intention of rldding himself to the list of her victims; iwhile Ethel lhad relieved her feelings by repeatedly assuring herself tUlt, "Juclt ars a cross fellovwhoicared for nothing lbut his books, and vas:qutite ilmpne.rvious to the charms of womanhood. .. But that night at the Warrington's things rea:lly did seem to ibe taking a turn for the better. Ethel hbad-boldly turned iher back on half a dozen othler admirers, and 'Jack. looking down into lier honest eyes, was rapidly forgetting tilhe doublts and fears which had so tor mented him during the past fow months. There is no knowing what might have haptened had it not.been for Dicky, who came iup to.them at this hopeful stage of rffairs, his shoulders up to his'ears, his -air brushed to a nicety, and with the most unmnistakable look of mischief in his prominent eyes. "Good evening, Miss Mariner." he said, taking Eth'el.s, hand in his and squeezign, it with empressmnent; and tben the two poor things. suddenly awakened fronl their dream, stood there chill and help less while Dickey fired off his acncus tomied olley of mind, and ventured on atne or two little pop-guns on his own nccount. "Miss Mariner," he said at last, with a satisfied glance at Jarck's sullen face, "have you been into the conservator?? T'ley've put up a lot of piiuk lamps, and shere's the most sumptuous tete-a-tete t:hair in there that you can imagine." Ethel looked up at Jack, wrlo stood by, furious and sulky. "IHe is only too glad to get rid of me. HIe hasn't the ordinary kindness to res rue me from this bore. And I have been so horribly amiable to him,'" she thought in despair. "'If she likes that popinjay. let her go rith him! I'm sorry for her taste ,that's all,." reflected Jack, and in another mi nute Ethel found herself actually seated in the tete-a-tete chair with Dicky, whose large eyes were rolling trium lhantly in tile light of the rose-colored Tamps. She did not succeed in maklting lier es cape till it was time to go homre. Jack was nowhere to be seen, and she drove hack in the chill grey molning with thle heaviest heart she had known for nmany days'. "Ethiel," said her mother at breakfast the next morning. "did you have a p!ea sant time at the War'ington's?" "Oh; yes; mamma," said' Ethel, drea rily,. She was pale and hleavy-eyed. I think she had. not slept all night: "And who was there?". went oin Mrs aritiner, helping .shertself, to buttered toas't with i cheeiy li'skness E?thel enumerated various people."Asd Dicky Carshalton." she hastily conclud ed, "and Jack Davenant." Tihe last name slipped out witIh exag gerated carelesn/ss, and yet it Was whirring about in rithe poor girl's head and had bIeen doing so for the last five or six hours, like an imlprisoned blue bottle in a glass. "Jack-Jack-Jack Davenant." ?a.ts ;lhe never to .have another definite lthought again? "By the bye," said MIrs Mari'ner, as she rose from thie table, "twill you send a note to Florence Byrne? I want her ho lunch here to-morrow at half-past one-the Singletons are coming." Ethel moved to the writing table, blushing faintly. She remembered that Mrs Byrne was Jack Davenant's cousin. "HIalf-past one. recollect." cried her mnother as she rustled from the room. Ethel listlessly took up her pen, and pulled a sheet of paper towards her. It was not stamped with the address, but she failed to notice this, and began at once "'IMy dear Mrs Byrne." Then she stopped short, and the buzz Ing in hier brain went on worse than ever 'The note got written at last, all but the signature, and then she wondered drea nily if she would sign herself "Yours very sincerely," or "Yours affection ately." "Ethel!" called her mothler, putting her head in at the door. "I am going inut Give me the note for Florence; I can take 'it to the office." Guilty and ashamed, Ethel seized her pen and wrote hastily, but in a hold sand, "Yours ver sincerely, "JACK DAVENANT." Mrs Byrne neither camne to lunch nor answered the Mariners' invitation. MIrs Mariner expressed surprise at this want of courtesy, and apoligised to the Single tons for having no one to meet them. "Are you sure, Ethel. that you told her the right day? Florence is in town, I know, and it is so unlike her to be rude." "I think it was all right, mamma," Ethel replied vaguely, and never 'gave rnother thought to the matter. On the morning of the next day, as she was practising lher singing lesson in the holland-shrouded drawingroom, the door was flung open to admit a benign and comely lady, Who advanced smniling to wards her. "Mrs Byrne," cried Ethel, in surprise, rising from the music-stool. Mrs Byrne established herself comfort ably in a deep arm-chair, then beckoned to the young girl with a well-gloved finger "Come over here, Ethel." Ethel drew a stool to the other side, and sat down, smiling, but mystifed.: Mrs Byrne played a little with the clasp of the silver-mounted hand-bag which she carried, and from which,:hav' ing at last succeeded in opdning it, 'slhe produced a stamped envelope addressed to t?rself. "Do you know that hand-writing?" she said, flourishing it before Ethel's aston ished eyes. ' ' "It is my own; I wrote to ask you to lunch." poor Ethel answered simply; while the thought '.flashed across her mind that Mtrs Byrne had probably'gone rnad. "Read it, then," cried the lady, with an air of suppressed amusement which lent color to the motion. Ethel unfolded it quickly, then sat transfixed like 'one who receives a sud den and fatal injury, for before her hoe ror-stricken eyes glared these words in her own hantdwriltiigc"Yours very sin cerely, "JACK DIAVENANT." "Why, what does it 'mean?" she cried. at last in a hoarse voice, foreit,seemed that some fiendish magic had been at Work "That's what I. want to know,'- ?rs Byrne answered more gently. "I rebelved' this note the day before yeterday.There was no addressgandithe- handwriting was certainly not Jack's. . Nor is my cousin ini the ledtastlikely tolInvite nmeto lunch at' his c.hanlers So'I wrote ti~ .im at once1diid tbi' l hli tb drdr:io'hfto.; dinsfeIl'lye had anythihgtb- say-to t?e." Ethel .had risen.to herSeet, and was standinguiith a little ro-en'smll on. her facc; lut at this point she broke in hurriedly- "Did you stlow- him-oMr Davenant,. the letter?".......... Mrs Byrne nodded.-- She was not a person of dellcate- perceptions, and.had cofeli ie're benit on a little harmless amusement; but for some -reason the amuiisement was not forthcoming. Ethel claspe'd hertcold hands together in.a frenzy of ilesliair.: Slie'cnew that Jack ·was.familiar with her handwriting; had he not made little criticisms, severe and tende-, on the occasional notes of invitation which she had addressed to "Jack 'said he knew nothing about the note. and hadn't. the ghost of an idea what it meant." ' "0h, Jack, Jack," 'cried Ethel's heart in parenthesis, "'hat must you think of me?" Mrs Blvrne went on--"Grace Allison came in later, and the mystery was cleared up. She recogniised your hand 'i-ritng, and we cofheltuded that you had done it in a fit of absence-of mind. Poor odid Jack. how she did chaff him!" Ethel was struggling to recover her presence of mind. "How' could I 'have made such'a very stupid mistake?" she saiid, with a short laugh. I suppose I was pursuing some train of thought. I hlad met your cou sin at a ',arity the night before- you know -how it is." MIrs Byrne was sorry for. the girl's dis tress. ."!t is a nIlstake that .nyone might haye titade, though, you must own that it W-as ratheri funny. "Hbwever'Ican asstre you this--it wbn't'get any fur ther. Jack is scarcely., likely to tell, and Grlace has sworn on her honor." EtIhel laughed again,meaninglessly. As for as she was concerned, the world was Welcome to know it now N'o deeper dis grace could befall her. "I wonder if he is shrieking with laughter, or merely sick with disgust," the poor girl thought, when her ohtuse and amiable visitor had at last departed. "Oh, how I hate him, how I hate him!" which was hard on Jack. considering that his conduct in the m'atter had been irreproachable. But Ethel was in no mood for justice. It seemed to her that she had utterly be trayed and disgraced herself; that never again could she venture to show herself in a world where Florence Byrne, Grace Allison, and. above all, Jack Davenant lived. nmoved, and had their bIeing. Sick with shame, hot and cold with anguish. poor Ethel sat cowering in the great drawingroom liklce a guilty thing. She astonished her family at dinner that evening by inquiries as to the state of the female labor market in New Zealand. Uncle Joe, a philanthropic parson, who happened to be of the party, delighted to find his pretty niece taking an inte rest in so serious a subject, delivered a short lecture about it. Ethel sighed at hearing that there wi-as so little demand for the work of edu cated women (save the mark!) in that distant colony, and iegan to turn her thoughts towards Waterloo Bridge "Ethol funkls on being an old maid. She knows that positively any girl can lasoo a husband in New Zealand," her brother Bob remarked, in a challenging tone. Ethel bore it with uninteresting meek ness; iperhaps she told herself, she was a husband-lhunter after all! After din nier she iput in her hat and stole out into the street. Shr aed been indoors all day, and could bear it no longer. The June evening whs still as light as day, and simple-minded couples were loitdring w-ith frank affection in the parkl. She Ihad not gone far when she saw a large, familiar figure bearing down in her dli rection. "Oh, how I hate him--I hate him," she thought again, while her heart beat with maddening rapidity."If he has a spark of kindness in him he will pretend not to see me." But Jack, for it was he, made no such pretence. On the contrary, he not only raised his hat biut caoeni up to her with outstretched hand: - She put her cold fingers mechanically into his, and scanned his face; there was .neither mirth nor disgust in it, and the thought flashed across her, chilling, while it re lieved her, that he attached little ini portance to an incident to which she, knowing her secret, had deemed but one interpretation possible. And then, before she kItnew what had happened, Jack was walking along by hler side, pouring out a torrent of intlignant reproaches as to her desertion of him in favor of Dicky Carshalton, st the WCarrington's party. "It is you," ci'ied Ethel, withll spirit, for the unexpected turn of affairs re stored her courage; "it Is you, MIr Dave nait, who were unkind to stand by and let old friends be victimised, without striking a blow'in their behalf! Pray what did you expect) me to do? Was I to have said, "Not thank you, MIr Cars halton, I prefer to stay with dir Dave nant?" "And, if you had said that, would it have been true?" She changed her tonoe suddenly. "Dicky is such a bore! I think I pre fer anyone's society to his." Jack stopped short in the path, seiz ing both her hands, and looking down at her with stern and passiontate eyes. "Ethel," said he in an odd voice, "it's no use pretending. You do think of me sometimes; I happen to know it." She was looking up at him; but at this allusion the sweet face flushed and drop ped suddenly. "Ethel," Jack's deep voice sounded stranger and stranger; was he going to laugh or cry? and why on.earth did he speak so low--"Ethel, do you know what signature I should like to see to your letters?" This was too much. "No, I don't!"-she lifted her flushed face; the cruel tears shone and smarted in her eyes. "Can't you guess?" "No." The momentary defiance had died; a very meek whisper came from the pale lips. "Can't you guess? Then shall I tell you Ethel? "Ethel Davenant"-that's what I should like to see at the bottom of all )your letters. ShallI ever see it?" "Jack!" Further explanation is needless. WhVllen next they met Mr Carshalton both Jack and Ethel were beyond the reach of his manoeuvres.--"'West Lothian Courier." 