SYDNEY SQUIBS. By the Farceur. The StorM.—1 The McSharry Case. — Post Offices and Their Use. — Hos pital By- Laws. — Some Good Stories. Bad news travels fast, and,' as a rule, it loses nothing on its journey. It is therefore needless for me to give any details of the awful catas trophes brought about by the terrible tempest tnat raged oi late and did so much destruction both on land and sea — particularly on sea. Two things are worth emphasising, however, and those are the insufficiency of life-saving apparatus along our coasts, and the too daring manner in which vessels, many of which are not too well adapted for sea trips, start from safe ports in the teeth of dangerous storms, laden to the deck with cargo, and often with a fairly-filled passen ger list as well. If the Marine Board is not past all hope as a guardian of the sea-going public, it will speak on this matter with no uncertain sound. Even while the Maitland lay at the wharf on the Thursday night, it was found necessary to moor the vessel with stronger lineB than usual, owing to the violence of the gale. But she started on her last trip (as it proved) at her usual time, and got into trouble even at the Heads, where heavy seas were met with. Next morning the vessel was cracked clean in two, and the tragedy was complete. The Maitland was 30 years old, but well-found, and her skipper, Capt. Skinner, is one of the soberest and most experienced seamen afloat. It would seem, however, that a skipper must brave everything, and certainly Capt. Skinner took his chances courageously and handled his vessel in a masterly manner. It was a miracle that anyone was saved to tell the tale, for never since the Dandenong went down has a more fearful night been experienced here. God help those who " go down to the sea in ships, and send comfort to the homes of the widows and orphans to-day." Mr. "Want has just let the McSharry cat out of the bag, and the size of the animal is exciting the wildest surprise. This is only natural, how ever, for, amongst other sensational statements, the ex-Attorney-General says the case has cost file (rnvArntvifinf. in ' hnrrl r»nsVi nlrpnrlv. and the other side has been tapped for a similar sum. This means that £120,000 has been spent to settle a case which was sent to arbitration from the Supremo Court partly on the ground that it would involve less expense in dealing with it by arbitration than by the ordinary pro cesses of law. The law, heaven knows, is bad enough, but I don't think it is quite as bad as . that. The mistake was made in bringing a formidable array of barristers, lawyers, and the like into the arbitra tion business, for they, of course, brought their bills of costs with them. Messrs. Barton and Bruce Smith have each already drawn £3000 in fees, and Mr. R. E. O'Connor must have also pocketed a fine large pile, and Mr. "Want is re ported to have said that a witness in the case has also drawn £3000. These figures are simply " unmitigated staggerers," but the game is over now, and it will be long before any Government is foolheaded enough to attempt to cheapen a case by such a senseless and ruinous form of settlement as that in question. In man j1 country towns it is a generally under stood thing that wheu a single young lady fixes herself up in a most killing style and observes about 7.80 p.m. that she is "going to post a letter," there is every probability that she will soon run up against something in a coat and trousers, and be so hurt by the shock that she will not be able to return before 10 o'clock, by which tiine she will not only have quite recovered, but feel all the better for her outing. This is one reason, I presume, ' why post-offices are so popular and plentiful. Across the border, the post-office seems to be put to a baser use, however, for a deputation has just waited upon the Victorian P.M.G., and pointed out that his department is pandering to V11U V IbU Ui UlUUaCiJllC99 1U t U1U3U UlUlUtlllg manner. In certain districts, it seems that the local post-office, also the local drapery, and the local grocery store, and divers other local establishments, are located in the local public- house. Consequently, about nine-tenths of the male population develop an abnormal craving for postal correspondence, and the moment the evening meal is over, Paterfamilias spruces him self up and remarks that he will " take a run down to town and see if the mail has brought any letters." "When he returns about midnight, he has a wild and haggard look, something like that seen on the face of a man who has accidentally run up against a ghost, or is about to start a newspaper ; and he is generally as full of fight, or love, according to his temperament, as a man of his weight can be. The cold-water crowd of re formers, therefore, prayed that the bush post- office be removed from the bush public-house, on the principle that we should remove temptation from the path of man, as the frog remarked when ho plunged into the lagoon on seeing a " sun downer " pick up a stone. The P.M.G. did not fall in with this view of the case, however, but pointed out that the public-house was used as a post-office "in remote centres" only. Accordingly, the mixed deputation picked up its various skirts and coat-tails and went sorrowfully off to try and reform the mirnle-nose theatre-coer. who has to rush out after every act " to see a man " — generally a man whose breath is flavored with beer or brandy. # I had a look at some of our heaven-born rulers the other day, and it struck me that no matter how the people fared their bosses were doing remarkably well indeed. And I presume the said people should be duly thankful even for that. In tho bad old days, in the United States, there was a cute slave in " Sou Carrlina " who argued that, as his body belonged to his master, if he ate his master's chickens by the coopful, they were still his master's, and no theft had been committed. One day, however, the boss remon strated with " Joolyas Ctesar " for surrounding a particularly plump prize bird, but the darkie coolly replied, " Well, massa, I doan see that you've got enything to growl about. You've got less chickens, ob course, but den you mus' re- membah dat you've got more niggah." And, in like manner, if the people here have less food and fun they have more " jolly and fat " rulers, and that should console them in their troubles. The weather has been honored with a deal of comment of late, chiefly through the remarkably reliable manner in which the weather prophets' predictions do not come oft, and the increased activity in the ranks of those intolerable bores who know a certain cure for a cold, and seem exceedingly anxious that everyone else should try it except themselves. " The finest thing in the world for a cold," said a train traveller, " is a little whisky and a great deal of hot gruel." "Gerront," said a man from the thirsty west, on the opposite seat. " Gerrout, you've got your medical knowledge down-side up. The grandest recipe for a cold is to take a little gruel and all tho whisky in the world that you can stow be hind your vest. D'ye see I " In connection with the Albert Memorial Hos pital, Wollongong, a trouble has cropped up which is of more than passing interest, for it now looks as though the power of the country hospital to frame by-laws and act thereon whilst in receipt of the Government subsidy ' is very questionable. Recently one of the honorary medical officers of the Wollongong institution recommended a patient in the person of a child of 18 months, suffering from diphtheria, for admis sion as an isolated case. This was refused, the rules of the institution fixing four years as the minimum age of a patient admitted. Therefore Dr. Kerr, the medical officer mentioned, reported the matter to the Board of Health, which for warded tho papers to the Colonial Secretary. The hospital authorities were asked to explain on what grounds their refusal to admit the patient was made. In response to a communication submitting the bylaws of the hospital, tho Colonial Secretary stated the Government medi cal officer was of opinion that they had gone be yond their powers in the matter, that the Government subsidy was granted conditionally on the admittance of such cases, and that the regulations submitted were ultra vircx. The committee of tho hospital intend obtaining legal opinion on their power to act on the present by laws. The point is a very important one, and must have considerable bearing on the manage ment of every hospital in the colony. If such cases have to be admitted, it is held that the hospitals would not be able to bear the strain with the present subsidy. The war still goes briskly on. Meanwhile prudent persons here are distilling good from evil — good for themselves I mean — and a very fine illustration of this comes from a Melbourno man who says : " It is astonishing what a number of Yankees you meet in Melbourne nowadays. Every man who can make the poorest show of speaking through his nose has suddenly become an American citizen, and some who cannot oven do that support their claim by interlarding their speech with " I guess " and " I calculate." Tho sudden rise in popular favor that the American enjoys accounts for this. The writer was way laid by a suburban beat the other day. " Say, boss," said the mendicant, " I guess I'm right down done up,, kin you spare a poor fellow a few cents for a square meal ?" " Why," said the writer, " the last time you appealed to me you were an Irishman with a brogue an inch thick. What is the meaning of this change of dialect?" The man grinned and was good enough to be candid. " It's like this," he said, " I usually address a man in the dialect of the country to which he belongs, but of late I've adopted the Yankee twang because 1 nnd it rarely tails to draw the price of a drink." 