HEADSMAN OÜ' THE TOWER OF LONDON. :r There are many ourious things to be found in the Tower: Indeed, if you have a power J'y ful imagination you can find anything, from " the ghosts of a dozen lords and ladies who lost their heads to please a monarch's whim down to tho jack-knife of the late Guy 1 FawkeB. In the Tower nothing is so expected as the unexpêoted : but it is safe to say that not ten ' people out of tho many thousands who visit ?he crusty old pile, which rears its head a quarter of a milo below .London Bridge, expect to find within its groy and musty ' wa'ls such a relic of tho past as au officer who is known as tho Headsman of the 1 J'ower. Yet the Tower boasts of a Heads- man to-day just ns it did hundreds of years ago. In fact, tho Constable of tbe 'Tower would almost prefer to part with his right hand than do away with his Headsman, who ia part and parcel of tho traditions of the most romantic building in England. But there aro other reasons which lead not only the Constable but tho Quoon as well to look with prido upon tho Headsman. The present holder of tho appointment is Stephen Sweeney, who is tho oldost duty Borvunt of tho Queon. Yeoman Qaolor Sweeney, to givo him hia full title, is in hi« eightieth year. There is no probably no finer-looking-' man wearing tho Queen's uniform, for despite Lia sovonty nino years ho stands exactly nix feet in his stookingp, and is aB eroct as oan bo. An Irishman to *he baok bono, he took tho King's shilling on the Hrh of February, 1837, so that for nixty-one years ho has boon in tho employment of the Crown. Ho wan present at tho proclamation .. of Queeu Viotoria and UIHO at hor coronation. 1 had an opportunity tho other day (writes a representative) of having a little ohat with the Headsman. Ho hud jual; bonn taking part in tho ceremony ootmootod with the installation of tho now Oonst'iblo of the Tower, and, drowned in IIÍH gorgeous uniform, whioh oont tho Government no IOHB than fifty-two poundu, WUH manipulating his; monster axo of oüio s, whioh it H hin duty to Ortrry on all important occasions. . You tako us baok to old times, Mr Swoouoy,' I von ut rod to remark. * Well, if my oilioo ia old I am old mysolf,' , said the Hoadsmau, 4 and so is tho house in , whioh I, livo. This is tho house from whioh ^ Lady Jane Groy is supposed to. ? have been taken to be beheaded.- , ,., . 