,..Short Story, The Fortune of. Fullwood, A Cuomnpratvcely Triue Ghost Story. Although I bear tlie_ .common and rniiuewhhlt' plbelan; naime of John S4olith, I can, through any mother's fitmily,. reckon kiti and kitn with',hulf tilhe noble houses of Scotland, and boast that near a: score of my ancestors have " kislased the alden," or .been hanged, drawn,' and quartered after the good old style of putting the closure on '" ex cited politicians." Those of my readers who are themselves of ancient lineage may, therefore, appreciate the feelings with which I found myself last spring," for the first time as I then thought, under my ancestral roof. I had been sunmoned to FullvWood House by Sir Francis Flom.lng of that ilk, to whom I 'stand in the relationship of third cousin once removed. Fullwood House, a,very omantitlec old place Stituated on the left bIank of the' Olyde, not. far fromn tLh uppoerlmost citaract, came quite up to my notion of wl't 'the home of such a fatnnlyas oars should be. It Is trte that Str Francis himnsulf ratihel? disappolnted I ml, he being ta lttle, i tlfierdT 'pir'san,n very absent-minded, and a thorough bookworm ; buit, on the other hand, his daughter Mltrgaret, his only child, 'vaws a worthy relirpcentattive of the house of PIening-" a d:laughter of the gods, divinely tall, an? mosne divinely fair." Need I say that I fell in love with her ? At all eeltsl I fnleled 'lyself In love. At nightit I wits sitting alone In my loom trying to counvice unyself that sllnce all is fair in love and wair I was eilltled to do auy best to cut out John Johnson, her flaneee, who was theo in JolatnneSburg. WVhat was he after all that Ilie sllotld become the head of the hotle of Fleming -by marryllig the heireis ? If hl had a pedigree I had Inever heard of It; so far as I, or any. body else knew, hils'only claim on the considerationl of tile Flemings was that Sir John Fleminig, the former laird, had beeoon his guardian. As for me, I was tile' next heir after Margaret lerseif, and had I not then itae better right to her ? My meditations were Interrupted by thi entrance of old Tom Danartle, the butler, with a nightcap for me; anod while I was testing the quality of that article lie asked me whether I was afraid of ghosts. I replied that I was not, being Indeed a hardened sceptic in tihe Miatter of spooks. Then 1 asked him If the house weas supposed to be halunted. "Ye would notice yon armour In the library '" Tom said. I nodded in the afllrmative. The or. mour he referred to could hardly.pams unnoticed. Froln its size It must have belonged to a gigantie tIitn. Sir Iratlldis had told mne that it wasl believed to have beoo worn by Sir David l'lenling, tile elusadiler nas le 'wits called, at the battle of allllnocukbturn. " It's his sghalist-auild Sir Datuvlt0s," rejoined T'oni. " Sometimes yell see his 'ell glowerin' at ye oot o' tie Ieliillit. It's a fearsomlle slcht. I saw't ailnce. 'Titit wats tie li'ght I'd been till at the toUll. I had bleen haeln' a glass or twae t\'1' tile mininster's miIn, but I was deld aoberl. That's what we're hauntit wt' Sir Dauvit's gllalit that watches." droplfing his voice to a whisper, " the geold thlat twas laid by at the time o' Prince Charlie by a1aid Sir Robert, and hale ne'er been seen since. DBut-I maun ganig." Wlierempon the olt nian hurried off as If It had suddenly struck him that he had said too mudho, leaving ue a little dtsappointed, " Surely," I said to myself, "surely tihe old luffer doesn't think I'd ske daddle 'with the donjon keep and the portcullis for the sako of the 'goold.' I dare say 1 might 'try to steal the whole blooming establieshment for the sake of getting MIcs F., but-" ",daint-seducing gold I" It was a fairly apt sentiment, though I must oonfc?ms I iun not a saint, and I tarned to see who had spoken, when I ihelldil a warrlor of the ancient time chid ini the very arnonr I lutd seen In the IIibrary. Thile visor of his helmet wits tip, nlld could see Ills face dills itictly; it \itls a imiasculine copy of nMargaret l'lemintng's features. " Dost not fear me ?" he queried wlth it ra'tl'er grim smile. " I dost not," I answered straight off, and It w'as quite trite. 1 have not tlervnt of steel, hut really I felt luite at ease. "A HIvllig dog Is better thain a dead lion," I added. " I anm it living lnuin, and you--you're only a spook. Your bones are dust, and your soul is wltll the sa'lnt?, I trust-anyway It should lie." " By my dialidolne, tlhon hast a l'etty wit," retorted the ghost. "Natheless, there are more things In heaven and earth than are dreauned of In your philo soplyy." " Apparently there are," I remarked. "It certainly heats tie to hear a four teenth century lihodt quoting Shakse lpeare." " Slalispeare, say'st thou?" exclalimed tile ghost. " iy'r lady, I colldi a tale iiitoldtl-bt't ceolse fly pratlig nd ifol lotw Ine." MIy Ironclad visitor stalked elf and I followed 1t1u1, wonidering the Mille whily the whole Ilhnsoe wtt not alarnled by the olattiaug and ila'ttering lie nltlo. IBut wu were not disturbed. lttvlving reaclh?d the ground floor the ghost tirnoed Into a long, dark corridor, which, its I haild bee l told earlier it tile daly, itll to tl,. north wh.ig. I hail not yet ililt a vtiit to tilts cetion of tihe tlollse, inevol'tllltelss, as iny eyes beunllle anccs. oinlidt 'l tile gloolm, lthe ililceS we wore travom-tling eCeItIedi to Ineatinio a falllIIar hlolik, I11I wiheit we OtI'oerge!I from thie altilge hito it room 1 felt quite cortain Shilt 1 kilew tile aiilrtlli' t t. Ttis plicae WilS alhost squilre,, illid Yhlld a ]llarg (Iotlhic widtlow oil the east slle-thlat Is to sai', to tile right hlitid side of the itoor by trhich tie etl'ered. 'lh'i waIl waits Illetd wlit Ilorlranlts, ndbtl I roiomil ler se I Iltoked rololtl tlhalt I stll to iniyttll'--"'' lltle Is liam portiralt.loml." 3ilir'lwlil tile gueo1t tiarchied aliuost r'totiil the rutill, hriitiig to tile left rioln . I'hle door, nill lihtiltiig it the wltllow be. for iiienllltionetd, to wllich he turned lise tIiktl, and so eticed Ino as I stood In tile lihltile ti Il0 lhoor, " heor," lhe sltihl, "Is Inly iost III thlo fl ll moon 'lnst' behliid Tleto lnd slliows liar facla ilbovt thle 'Troee of Doom1, Watch llll llfat ll the lgil. Ir trowell," Then hle ilsliqtliiSiiri itt the twklititag of Ittil s?Y. Of enuitre it tlel e ilri'iti. I id not tiltke Inl hin gIrallSl tlilt fIict whll I foitnid omiiytluf ivhtire ihl 'Talit htlld left tlit ,dillii'o il'tg beifitie liii expll llieg lls, "Nixt ntloiiing, Hit IrCltlitle hbliati In. islllleOS l iiil iti inlblo to bilk Illollt tihe Ipri ll t o liinlllitus wlllii' wi trt tIlie Cntites of iiy me0ilig Ii tire. I W' ite ,ltlidlllig iithoit ltiily,' iII wiiit of IIittitlllleg to do whIion ilit It 'iicliht elteno to y tl' rsce by offrllilg to blow luo tIIe tmiull7 portraits. To nly surprl'e site took me to the very place I had seen In my. dream, and she calledl it by the very. name I hlad given it in ily drdauli?-"tle portrlit-roout." "Tillas plae asems quite familiar to, me," I remarked after. looking rounld, "Only," I added, .thinking about the ghost, " there somets to be solmething wnurting" " " Perhaps you were here before," Misse Flemlnig suggested. .: " I don't think- I ever was," I. re. plied. . ShI nlmoved across 'the room to itlo, place where the ghost had ltaken its stand, and there hnlted. "'The suit of artmour now in the library u?sed to stand Just here," sheoi said. "We had to remove Iton cnecount of some fidicti?lous itorles,! "-Indeed ?" " Yes,", site continued, " It was said that LZe orlginal. ownuer of tlo. armtouro. catme sometimes and got into it, and then promenaded round the Tree of Doomn." "'lTie Tree of Dooml" I echoed, "'what is that 1" " You can see It from the window," said 11ss Fleming. Stle plointed to an elm tree, apparently very old, wlhclh stood on the lawn about i twenty yards off. lThlls was another polnt of my 'druam that ihad "cotme true" in a Ianner. I began to feel a little nervous, and' I was soon to get another ,dlock. . MiIss i'leulttng we\s going round tlhe room: telling tle about the., different i, rtriallt when 'she italted -before one. thait hullng by Itself at the north'ondd of the west wall-the darklest corner of the room. "'This," she said, "is Sir Robert tletl'ing. Two of hlis brothers, John and Frank, werd out with Prince Cuhulle, andl tile story goes that lie col lected all the familly plate and Jewels after the falure of tile enterprise, meaningll to emuggie the stuff out of the colntry as a contribution towardls lhe exptense of anothter attempt. The thligs were hid turtlil a -dhhnce should arise of getting them away, but the chance never canire, and they remained "con cealed." "Do you believe that story ?" I quel'ied. ",I im bound to believe tabout the hlidtug of the .things. We know of art'kles of value thlat disaLUpenfed about that time. tBut," she added witlJt sigh, " I wish that was all we ilad lost. You have heard of the Fortune of Fill wood Y" I replied that I had heard of it, and meandt to ask for a sigh't of it before I loft. It Is a itfamos dharm, the 'ortupe of Fullwood-an brooch, the stone of wildh 'was brought by Sir David, called 'the Critiader, from the *Ioly Land. According to the legend, if anything wellt wrong with the chal?, if the stone chanced to be broken or lost, the doom of the family was sealed. "Tlhe Fortune has dilsappeared," said Margaret in tragic tones. "Youl kinow Wila't that means--tie famttily is doomled. After my father there will be no more Fllemlngs of Fullwood." I felt inclined to laugh, but the girl ieppeared to be quite earnest in her belief. " If I thought," she continued, "that the Fottnae was anywhere aboult the hol?se I would Itave the whole building taken to pieces, stone by stone. But I do not think it is In tile house at all. I have searelled everywhere, atd I'n lsure I know every nook and cranny of it."" An idea dtruck me. " Did you find," I asked, " any place where the plate and Jewels mlight have been concealed h" "'-Because tihe-- r e--et."v been put beside them." " Imposibloe " she exclaimed. ".The Fortune-4but wait-yes, the Fortune disappeared in my uncle's thae. He was a 'bachelor, and for a long time before he died he was queer. 1 have been told that when he was dying he tried to tell Imy father something about tile hidden plate, but could not. What is your idea ?" " lie may have ]hid the charm him' self," I said. "Perhaps he found out where the plate had been laid away and put the Fortune beside it." Then, with many blushes, and the un easy suspicion that I was making an ass of myself, I told Miss Flemilng about the visit I hatd had from the ghost. She did not laugh ; on tile con. trary, sile was quite grave, and I took lheart of grace to pollnt out one or two algnlftsttt things in tie dreatn. No doubt, I said, 'Tom Danable's story sug gusted the dream about the ghost, but there was ndthltg In his story to ex plain iny familinaity wltl the room, nor to sugg it the Idea of what the ghost had said. " It wasI a revelation," said Margareot decidedly. "'Thlts is Cite thne of tile full mIooln. I shall ]ave thle armour pl't back into Its former place, and this very night I shall watclh along with you for tile sign." TPhe only deoinite recollection I have for thle remainder of that day ulp to 7 o'clock itn the evening is that I thought it was very queer to tIlld n ttp-to- date young woman like hMargaret Flemling with sunch a strong streak of stitperstl to in in her compositton. My eyes have since been opened to tlte fact that audh abnormatitles are by no imeans iunllloml tnon. However, 7 o'clock found us in fite portrait-room wniuting for the " sign." 'lfy-and-by the moon appeared from behind the mninlve bulk of Tlmto, and slowly-- loallofrlly ilodwly--nountied "the heavens, 'It plunged lu'to a nllk of eloaldes, itl ii was withiun an iee of any Ing solthing strong whenI it emeIrged, showing'directly over the Treo of Doom, and throwing a flood of light into thle ilartItn'it whero e were. It shone In, and t'hat was all. I do believe I ex pocted sotSe sort of exploSlon. " 1,ook, look I" reoalaiueed 3lnygaret, a .cihillg mly ariml nldl 1polid1t fing Ilto it ls Ptr-lltwS y corller. " Yes," shie adtldedl atlottsit ill ti't santo breath, " that mtst be the tlgtt." 'i'its it wlltt we ?ottw'. lhlIe the ntoon vIls di't'(l'tly over the rIl t'ee tile itoonn betttso wore tlll'Onwt fr'ont tihe w'ildow diagonatlly aty ros thie ltortlralt.roon titl itel cl'ter wht't'to lir (itobtert's piortrait hslltg, btl thie nsltitlow of tIto arultlor stlllldilltg itt the winIidow W-is thrwll I11ts the HOite dtit't1io11 t ittteih a waoty as to ot1iMo the plorlrlla, At MIto It']ltti !g'S rntOtllnlndl I iook dowtt 'ht portrt''it while site IlIgltqd tp the rtttt. thett?h, sefore I ottlh, tofoisn atly idlIit tsf ltht alto he is goitget|i do Ilexti, se haild taken oltl Sir David's altthl-axo sld lot drive at t.he panlll lltg whiiich had Ieen eovered with iteo pictit'e. 'lho Itxo o?'tiStited righlt thl'itglh tle wood I Illtho want n iollow In 'tlle wall there, 'io lettr a.way tCie shatterod wolod wan easy, the opraotlon-revenling a ItItlo dtltanbor oonstructed In whet Rlpllt'tired ft'onl Ctll Ottlttli to be a stOltl bllittese, II thl hfit'llng- ilacel were two boxes-oile tbhut rlt. loug- by .ifl. delep atld wtire, ltlld stl'oily botlIld wlit Iron; tle othor .beit'lltg it tilollg resmollltaltce to a lady's wvrltbpx or 1t fothlhit dtitk, lsiill'grPI nltit olpeti' thle O'ntller" boolt wlti.hittr 'bilti-txue tttlt gave' It cry of Joy to tuld tthat itt'InihiO ted the loFUttIe of littlood, The thotr' box wll opten. ed later on In the ilrtl'soio of BIr Frnit cla, aud we found to conelli" *'eeral piecec of plate, but the vIlu of the 9ind was nothing tlk.?fthe vpluo of what hod beii hlllid-tb 'tn?iltibttnl v?'itle tltiytati. P'erltwips Str" Johbi» Fleniing," the brotlhr. olnd pltddeesseor 'of the ipresent.- Inlrd, lind durawli on the. treasure at the: thue, le outered the' secret ehnamler,:to..hide there fle Fortune of illllwoold. cAs.I do-not\\\'at.to lu interviewed by psychlcil rtseatrcher I "shlill' uow ex Dplah the ':ghsut" to tho ie'sct :o.'my' ibtilty. ,'tiVhen I went home` I' told' my uncle Jniies, 'who Isan hit of a-"phllo sohiiher, ll about the alffair, alnd hu.told ute that. "-oie monlthe: before. the .death.? of Sir John Flelulieg..toy fjittler ,ha d. tlken 'sme witht hiln whenlle paid a vlslt to,J.ullwood. On his return lly fattier" told muy uitfle all eabout thld liouse, and anbllti the legenild of theb hldden trlet-; sure ; he alsbo nieuloiled that I .had been greatly tatken.t p u utlth. the..sutt.,of nr -mlour ln.thet: .portra't-room.: ' ,3Myeuiclon Ihad forgotten alfl abount thi?liuntil I toldt hint imy story. ; but, as 0he iiiiu'ked. It was, doubtless" the'memoty of my vist' in early child'hood to Flltwood, niltd ro htinrllg .at that ttine the' story of ,the ghost and the Tree of 7Doom, that, had 1came back Io me to round oft tlle;dr?iamt• suggested by the vwords of. bld fom; DanJlle.-" Weekly ºcortiman." 