SUNDAY TRADING. ADDRESS BY THE REV. G. E. WHEATLEY. The town-hall, Fremahile, was well filled last night on the oocaaion of the de^ livery of an address by the Rev. G. E, Wheatloy on the subject 'The Publio houae and the Public Interest.' A charge for admission waa mode for tho benefit of the Fremantle Hospital. Mr. T. Abbott ocoupied the chair,. and intro duced the lecturer. The Rev. Mr. Wlieatloy saad that ho intended to give fair expression to the views on both sides of the question, aa long as the proceedings were not bur lesqued. He regarded himself as a Western Australia, as he had come to the colony to live in it, and had its in tereata at heart. It had been said, 'Why did not the parson mind his own business?' but if this question waa not a parson's business he aaked whose busi nesa it was. It was truly liis duty as a Christian man to look into this question. Ho hold a brief for the poor people who were made homeless by tho traffic Lord Roaebery had spoken of the trade becom ing a danger to the community. Wes tern Australia waa furnishing a melan choly illustration of Lord Rosebery's words. Unless the people woke up thoy would find that it waa being run to a -largo extent in the interesta of the trade, in tho interests of wealthy brewers and owners of public-houses, who were over represented in Parliament. (Applause.) The trend of public opinion was- in the direction of early closing, and he asked why the workers in this particular in duatrv should be permitted to work lon ger hours and seven day« * week. He would rather have the workshon open -n the-Sundaya than the public-house, and the former would do infinitely less harm. The law at present was intolerable^ — it satisfied no one. The publioana were not satisfied, the police were not satis fied — and no wonder; and the public waa not satisfied. Tho whole thing waa reduced to something less than a farce. He had had people come to him with piteous tales about their friends and re lations who were drinking on Sundays. He- alluded to his efforts to take a census about Sunday trading, and maintained that he had demonstrated unmistakably that the law was openly and flagrantly violated. His method of taking this census had been criticised. Some thought that he went a little too fax, but he would rather go a little too far than not go at all. The facts of tho census were unr assailable, and in that matter the enemy had shown a little more discretion thai) usual in not refuting them. Tho in»pec tor of police had asked him, 'How do you know that the people went into the hotels to get drink f He (Mr. Wheat ley) replied that he did know. In regard to the polico force, Mr. Wheatley remarked that the weak place was in its head. It had a weak head, and. like anvone who had a weak head. it found a difficulty in managing its affairs. The head of the police force was Sir John Forrest. He quoted the speeoh of Sir John Forrest, aa reported in 'Hanaard.' They could not have courageous action on the part of the or dinary policeman — they could not ex pect it— when so many of their repre sentatives were connected with the liquor traffic. They would never havo the law enforced while so many of their legislators owned public-houses ' and had shares in breweries. The publicans na a whole would welcome Sunday clos ing, but it was tho 'dummy' who had to do wliat he was told by the brewer, tho worthy owner who forced him to open. He ridiculed tho request of the publicans in regard to the hours for opening on Sundays. It was too much, even for their generous ? Premier. (Laughter.) If thoy had to choose be tween the two evils, namely, the pre sent state of things and restricted Sun day trading, he would, without a mo ment's hesitation, sav let thorn have re stricted Sunday trading, and let them have the law observed. What he (Mr. Wheatloy) asked waa for absolute Sun day closing — that the Act should be honestly enforced ; that the machinery of the law be so amended as to make the law operative.' To relax theso laws would be a retrograde step. They had early closing iu all tho colonies. Was Western Australia, going to be the only colony to take a backward atepi In re gard to the contention that Sunday opening was recognised in the old coun try, ho pointed out that since 1854 pub Hc-houoe'3 had been closed in Scotland. Ireland had had Sunday closing since 1878, except in EKiblin, Belfast, Water ford, and Cork, where the-opeoing hours were restricted to between 2 and 7 o'clock. In Wales a Sunday Closing Bill waa passed in 1881. In 1889 tho English Sunday closing law passed its second reading in tho British House of Commons by a majority of 22, but it waa blocked in committee. Every time, however, this matter had been put to a test— every time tho people had an opportunity of speaking out on thia question— they had emphatically, and with an overwhelming majority, declared in fasor of Sunday closing. Dealing with bona-fide travellers, he referral to thein as bona lido humbugs, and remarked that, like ghosts, thoy were heard of but never aeen. If the people did not want to keep to tho Act no law could be pro Aided, lie made the- following sugges tion to remedy tho existing law — (1) That no licensee should be obliged to keep hia house open to supply bona fide travellers, or travellers, or any other bona-fide 'drunks' who want a drink on Sundays ; (2) let the bonanfide lodger be define'd ; no man waa a lodger unless ho stayed in a house on the previous night ; (3) he would define a bona-fido traveller as follows: — A man who has travelled 10 miles; (4) keep a book for signatures of all who visit tho hotels on Sundays, ne did not mean a book to be laughed at — he meant a book which was part of tho establishment. He did not object to a fellow having a drink. Ho was a democrat. He did not go in for that kind of drink himself, but he did not seek to force bis opinion on otKer people. If the people said that they wanted more publio-housea, he waa democrat enough to say let them have them. Ho believed in govern ment by the people for the people. If a publican served! a man before he signed the book it should be a serious offence. The book would protect the publican. Ho did not want to perse cute tho publicans. He wantod to pro tect thorn from their enemiea, whoever they were. .(Laughter.) If a man put a wrong name in a boot, or a wrong addreas,'thon that should be- an offence under the Act, and that book shoSild be opei- for inspection by any citizen or the police whenever they liked to look at it. If anyone wanted a Hrink, why should he be ashamed to put his namo and address in a book? Once a man had signed the book the publican's re sponsibility ceased. They had no right to punish the publican, and let the man go free. Some people doubted their ability to obtain an amendment of the law, but they could get the law passed if they meant to. If Christian people would put aside their little jealousies and fight shoulder to shoulder they would get what they warifed, In con clusion, he- said that he had invited the publicans to discuss the question either publicly or privately, and he announced that he would be prepared to argue the question that night, or unBwer any ques tions. Mr. A. M'Kinnon, th'o president of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, spoke a few words in refutation of the charges made against his and a col league's house. He assured Mr. Wheat ley that aa few of his servants aa pos sible worked on Sundays. Mr. Wheatley replied, and invited other publicans to get up on the plat form, and make a 'testimony meeting' of it. No others, however, accepted the invitation, and the meeting came to a close. It waa announced that another public meeting would be held in Perth on Monday night in opposition to the movement for restricted Sunday trad ing. 