Jtems of Jnterest RAPID growth of the finger nails Is considered to indicate good health. SIXTEEN ounces of gold are sufficient to gild a wire that would encircle the earth. THE year 1893 began on a Sunday, and it will finish on a Sunday, so that ib will contain fifty-three Suudays. RICE paper is not made from rice or rice ' r.xw, but from a pithy plant called tungtsua, found in China, Corea, and Japan. OKMONPE, the unbeaten, is off again on his travels. This time his destination is California: last time it was BuenoS Ayres. IT is said that there is room enough for only about one hundred more of England's great men to be laid at rest in Westminster Abbey. SIAM'S exporls last year included no less than six and a half tons of birds, sent to Gong Eong to make the celebrated Chinese soup. THE world, or the people in it, consume upwards of 3,000,000,000 pounds of paper yearly, which is supplied by 4,500 paper mills. THE credit for inventing the process of transmitting pictures to a distance must be given to Bidwell,whoinvented!a method in 1881. IT has been decided to bold a University Exhibition ab Rome in 1895, the 25tb anniversary of the entry of the Italian troops into Rome. THE highest chimneys in the world are two in Glasgow, as being 468 feet high and the other 465 feeb, while one near Cologne comes next with a height of 441 feet. THE following appears in a email provincial paper : " The bridegroom's present to the bride was a handsome diamond brooch, besides many other beautiful things in cut- THE Kaiser has a telephone, and uses it. When he rings up the central office himself all persons who are in tbe room must retire except the person attending the telephone and a secretary. JAPAN has a new toy in the crusier Yoshiina, lately launched on the Tyne. She is 350 feet long, and in ber ttial steamed more than twenty-three knots with and against tide. IT is estimated that in India, counting all Protestant missionaries, there is about one to every 500,000 people. The entire revenue of all the Protestant missiona of the world is computed at £2,450,000. THE businesss of importing pine-apples must be a very profitable one. The official organ of Kew Gardens—the "Blew Bulletin "—says that the price of pitie-apples at Sierra Leone varies from^d. tol£d. each. SHANTON, the Chinese province, is tbe scene of a terrible famine. Children are sold for two dollars each by their parents. Thousands fall by tbe wayside of exhaustion. The survivors hack flesh off the bodies of the dead and devour it like famished wolves. THOSE who are concerned in men's fashions will be interested to know that the German Emperor wears two bracelets. One is & watch bracelet, and tbe other a gold chain bracelet. Both are Worn on tbe left band. THE superstitions of the Italians are well known. Mascagni carries about With him a whole host of amulets of ivory s coral, and other materials, including a special collection of unroaslei chestnuts warranted to turn off bbe evil eye. Ik 1886, in consequence of tbe depression of trade, the number of marriages in three months was 6,700 less than iu the corresponding quarters of two previous years, and only a very few more than the number of persons who married in tbe hard war winter of 1855. AGRICULTURAL returns show that in England farmer* will have an excellent) second cut of grass, so that the supply of hay will not be so scanty as wag feared, while the potato crop is reported to be one of the best ever known. Tbe yield of turnips also beats the record. PROBABLY very few persons know that tbe Lord Mayor is the ottly person—other than the Queen and tho Constable—who knows tbe password to the Tower of London. This password is sent to the Mansion House quarterly, signed by Her Majesby. It is a survival of an old custom. A LADY has just descended the Rocky Mountains on a bicycle ; •rfhile another, an English girl, who enjoys tlie distinction of being one of the best-known cyclists in this country, has accomplished the bask of travelling alone on her *' machine " no less tlia i one hundred milep in Seven hours. A SURPRISING suggestion is made for the employmenb of the blind. Several females are engaged in the West-eiad of London aB massage operators, and it is Claimed for these blind women that their delicate sense of touch, and light and daft movements make them superior to those ble&sed; with full sight. DURING the past week seven steamers landed cattle and fresh meat at Liverpool from American and Canadian ports) bringing a total of 1,883 cattle, 74 (sheep* and 9,456 quarters of beef, whicbj compared with the arrivals of the previous treek, show a decrease ot 2,847 cattle and 2,854 quarters of beef. STUDENTS complain thab friends often drop in to visit them and interfere with their practice. The next time visitors disturb you in your work play a few scales to them, and they won't stay very long or bother you soon again. If tbey bore you with their tplk, you have a» light to bore them with your music. WHEN Buffalo Bill's Indians get through their work in Chicago in the afternoon, they lifce nothing better than to repair to a merry go-round near their camp, and revolve to the music of a bad. band-organ. The passer-by stops to see thei ehow, for the buck6 and squaws are in their lull panoply of feathers and paint. Most people would get enough fun by riding horseback three or four hours every day without wanting to ride on wooden horses afterwards; but then, real horses have no hand-organ attachments. THE directors of the World's Fair have ordered payment of a 10' per cent-, dividend on the bonded debt of 4,500,000 dollars of the subscribed capital of the company on August 17th. Bonds ,to the value of 2,250;000 dollars are beftd by tbe banks, 1,000,000 by the railway" companies, and the balance by the citizens of vhicago. Tn olore tree it iound b^aettli wear one of the West Indian Islands, and esped ally at Jamaica, Trinidad, Grenada, Stl Vincent, and Dominica. Tbe largest nuiqt ber of trees la probably found in Grenada, and in that "spice island" nutmegs, tnacch and cloves are exported to the value 0 about £10,000 to £12,000. ADVERTISEMENTS are eometimes strangelj worded. Nob so long ago a provision dealer at King's Cross notified that be sold " the best Is. butter in London. Nobody can touch it." Now we bear of an Italian warehouseman who is advertising, " Ne foreign goods sold," and of a hairdreaai whose windows conbain the announcement, Haircntting and shaving while yon wait." MB. JENSOST, the owner of a large orangi plantation near Jupiter, Florida, caught the son of " Little Tiger," an Indian chief} committing some depredations on his plan tation, and administered a severe whipping. The -Indian boy returned to his wigwam, and.now the glades around Jensen's place swarm with warriors anxious to get a chance to settle accounts with bim. The Indiana in their villages are arming, and the white* have called upon Governor Mitchell for protection. THE Midland Railway Company have now announced (as will be seen from ouc advertising columns) their improved and accelerated summer train cervices to the North. Theirs is by far the most beautiful and iriteresting_of all the North routes, aud the visitor who'feravel by it will have ample reason to congratulate himself on bis choice. Tbe Western Islands and the Highland of Scotland,' Edinburgh, Glasgow,' and the Forth Bridge are well catered for, and the North of Ireland, via Stranraer and Lame, can be reached by two. services daily, tbf route going direct through the " land oi Burns."' The Midland jpto be congratulated on the continued enterprise it dis» plays. AN Italian prince, who had a Cicilian cook, was once travelling to bis provincial estates, taking with him his cook, togethef with bis entire kitchen force, without which, so fond was he of the delicacies they, were wont to prepare, he rarely, if ever^ travelled. Ab a point where the narrow path along tbe precipice turned the angle of a projecting rock, the Prince, at the head of his long cavalcade, heajrd a shriek and tbe splash of a body falling into the torrent far below. With a face white with horror he pulled up, and .looking round, exclaimed: "Thecook! the cook! Oh, do tell me it is'the cook i" " N6, youe Excellency," cried a voice from the rear, "it is Don Prosdocemo." The Ponce heaved a sigh of relief, then said: "Ab, only the chaplain ! Thank goodness!" THE beautiful pink and bronze pearla from Wisconsin" are becoming very scarce. The pearl-bearing Wisconsin streams have been practically fished out, as they have been out of almost all the waiters in America where pearls bave been found in any considerable numbers. European fishers open t|;e shells with an instrument that does, not destroy the animal inside, and if no peatf is found it is put back in the water. The American pearl fisher destroys ruthlessly, and in two or three years he has thrown himself oub .of a job. There is hardly a state in the Union where pearls are nob oc have not been found, and one of tbe finest in the world was taken from the Passaic river at Paterson, N.J. This gem, valued at £500, was worn in the crown of Empress Eugenie. Several of the Wisconsin pearlt have been valued at £200 each. THB interior of the Chapel Royal, Hampton Court Palace, which dates from Cardinal Wolsey's building of tbe Palace^ was utterly ruined duriug the Vandalietio days of the Georgian period. It is now a plain, oblong, whitewashed building, with tio pretentions to decoration whatever. In the gallery, nearly over the pulpit, is the pew which used to be occupied by Henry. VI1L of pious memory. He- had given orders for the arrest of bis wife- of the moment, who happened to be Catherine Howard. This done, be went into bis pew in the Chapel to pray, and to invoke the blessing of Heaven on bis good deeds.. Catherine was arcested in tbe longconidor which leads direct to tbe Royal pew, and ber shrieks as she tried to break away from her captors. in order to plead in person tp her Royal blackguard .of a husband are Baid to have been heartrending. This corridor is one~of the parts of the' Palace now-clbsed to the public—you can Only see it by peering through the big key-bole; but, it is said to be haunted by the ghost, of this same Catherine Howard, and dating service in the Chapel wild shrieks are said to ring oub from tbab haunted corridor. 