UNBROKEN VOYWS. When Reginald Wilson joined our bachelor club and swore to. celibacy, we .were surprised anid not 'a little triumphant. :Ours was a. modest cycling club, boasting only fifteen mem bers, all of whom had renounced the devil and all his works-in the shape of woman, and had resolved to live peace ful, happy-go-lucky lives in .one another's company. If small and modest, ours wasp yet a unique club-I doubt if such another existed in the whole of London. We were in no way dependent on women; wt cooked our own meals, made our own beds, even mended our own clothing, and if extra work was made at certain times a man was hired to do the necessary jobs. Cycling was the one thing which united us -we required no other companions but ourselves and our bicycles. Wilson's sudden determination to join our band, however, although welcome news, was still a matter of much surprise on our part, for he was an out and out lady's man. He was never seen unless he was paying the most obsequious attentions to some pretty member of the opposite sex, his rooms were full of charming portraits, and he was never tired of discours ing in full upon the subject of his many conquests. In fact, with our opposite views, we thought him a bit' of a tool, and it can be readily understood *that his sudden conversation led us to think that we had misjudged him, and that there was a lot more in 'him than we had previously thought. He was a good looking fellow with a clean cut face, a wealth of dark, curly hair, and keen, deep set eyes. As a companion he was remarkably enter taining when once the subject of love making was tabooed, and we were one and ail much pleased at a closer acquaintance with him. However, curious as we were to know what special inducement he had to join our club we had too much tact to question him; nor did he vouchsafe any remarks himself which would give us any inkling of his sudden charge of ideas. One day, however, -he let the cat out of the bag. We were riding to gether, he and I, during a club run, when we met two other cyclists riding' tandem, a man and a very pretty girl. She was so pretty that, misogynist as I was, I could not help turning: round to have another look at her. As .I did so I caught sight of something which interested me far more- young Wilson's face. It was a study. His eyes looked wild, his lips were pressed tightly- to gether, and he had lost every spark of color in his face. 'What's up ?' I said, in some sur prise. 'Nothing,' he returned, :sharply. ' What do you think ?' 'You look as if you'd seen a ghost,' I answered. 'Pooh ! It's your fancy. Come along, I'll-race you up the hill,' and race me he did, and although I knew he only exerted himself to turn me off the scent, I wasn't to be put off so easily. ' Pretty girl that passed us,' I said innocently, as we dismounted for a rest by the wayside. 'Did you notice her?' '1 am'afraid I didn't,' said Wilson, with a lying face. 'Oh,' I mused, 'I thought by the way she looked at 'you that she sort of recognised you.'' Wilson sat up and looked at me with eyes of the hunted animal. 'Can you keep a secret, Leslie ?' he asked. 'If you doubt it, better not tell me,' I returned, although I was dying with curiosity. And then it all came out. It was the old story. He loved, and she loved-another; or, at least, was going to marry another, and he had been miserably and heartlesslydeceived. ' Never put your faith in a woman,' he said to me at last, as I sat listening sympathetically to his heart burnings. 'Of course not,' I retu-ned with a laugh.' 'I don't want to. I'm a member of the Jolly Bachelors' Club, and so are you now. By the bye, is there any chance ot you---' 'None in the least,' interrupted Wilt son, emphatically, guessing' what was coming. 'I wouldn't'have her now if she begged me on her bended knees. I never want to.look at another woman as long as I live.' So said' young Wilson; :and .I was pleased to hear such sentiments, al though I little knew then the worth of them. Shortlyafter this episode ::Wilson asked me to join him on a holiday up the river. His people, he said, had taken a house boat for the 'stmmer months, and he thought it would be a good plan, and an economical one, to join them. I thought so, too, but I regretted 'my indiscretion on the first day of our arrival. Wilson had a sister-Good Heavens ! such a sister. Shall I ever forget' the moment I saw her. Such eyes ! such hair ! such a sweet, winning, coaxing, baby face; and oh-. Well, within a week of my introduction, if I had not forgotten all my vows to the Jolly Bachelors Club, I, at least, cursed them twenty times a day, and was as madly and irretrievably in love as ever a man could possibly be. One thing I was truly thankful for, ' Wilson didn't seem to notice it, and I hoped that when our holiday was over and we returned to town I should for get my madness and be a rational being once more. Ah, little did I know the powerful influence of woman. Estelle twisted me completely round her little finger a pout brought me to her feet at once, and a reproach made me miserable for the day. It was of no use struggling against it, night after night saw us sitting together at the open windo' of our house boat, she with her soft eyes fixed dreamily on the water while I played an accompaniment to her thoughts on the mandoline. It was a glorious time, and then when I screwed up enough courage to mention my coming departure and she looked up at me with the first glow of emotion I had ever seen upon her face, I caught her to my heart, and the vows of the Jolly Bachelors' Club were cast to the four winds for ever. After the first raptures, however, I began to suffer the qualms of conscience, although I never repented my rash act for a moment Wilson, what would he thing of my weakness? When once away from Estelle my thoughts grew painful, almost unbearable. I put on my hat, and reaching the shore, walked for all I was worth along the river side trying to think how I was to break the : I embarrassing news, and wondering how my friend would take it. I had scarcely walked a mile, how: ever, when I heard voices proceeding from the river, one of which struck me as being very familar. I parted back the bushes, and my eye caught the colouring of a bright sunshade. .In a boat sat Wilson with a radiantly happy face, and opposite, shading her delicate complexion from the rays of the :sun, sat the pretty girl of the cycling incident. Wilson was heldingoneof her hands, and gazing most idiotically into her face. Alas ! where were his vows of the -Jolly Bachelors' Club. ". The girl was speaking. I had no .wish to play the 'eavesdropper,-' but I could not resist the temptation to :hear the drift of their conversation. ' You great silly,' she said. ' You must have been absolutely blind. Any girl would have told you that I was only trying to iake youi jealous, you know. I like my coisin very much, but he isn't ys3', Reggie dear.' . ' You played your part very realistic ally,' said Reggie, not wholly satisfied. ' Yes, and nearly lost you altogether,' she laughed merrily. 'If I hadn't humbled myself so far as to come and explain where should we be ? As it is 1 don't see that I have done much good. You are a member of the Jolly Bachelors' Club--' . ' Hang the Jolly - Bachelors' Club,' said, Wilsont, inelegantly. 'Whew I What'll Leslie say.'. But Leslie had heard enough.. Softly I crept away congratulating myself that at least I. was not alone in the matter of broken vows. That night I managed to get hold of \Vilson, and when he had got over the surprise I gave him at my confession, we agreed to run down to the club to gether, and give ourselves up at head quarters as'traitors to the cause. -. \- What was our surprise, however, on arriving at town to find that the house was closed, and the premises ' to let.' Greatly puzzled,- we made enquiries at our bearded house maid's, and. learnt that the secretary was found to have been married for the last two years, and that the other members were so dis gusted that the club was at once dissolved. As cans be imagined, Wilson and I were immensely relieved, and, stood shaking one another's hands in away which I fancy made the old housekeeper fear for our -reason. - ' Good luck ! said Wilson, impressivey 'Things couldn't have happened more opportunely if it had been in a book. Bless that stupid old secretary.' .' And,bless. the fall of the club,' said I, and arm and arm we walked affection ately down the road together, leaving our old serving man shaking his head after us, and wondering what on earth had come to two such usually sensible yountg gentlemen.--' The Cycle.' 