HAKNAH PURVES 5 FIRST AND ONLY LOVE. J Br NELLIE BROWN. * Tfrj. Ml road was very lonely. It stretched, white as chalk, between ihe tinfenced moorland for miles, broken Sere and there by a rough group or vtiiis, or diving* into a. belt of firs, set as close as bristles in a brush, and affording no glimpse of even the noonday sun to the scantily-mossed ground underneath. The great bare hills of the X^unmermoors succeeded each - other, with the same swell of green heather, coarse grass, and black whins as far as the eye could reach. •Hannah Purves came to .her door to ehake the cover of the dresser. She •was tidying the best room—she did not •weary of dusting it over and overwas occupation. She was a rather plain woman, and sallow, and her hair dressed in an old-fashioned way added Jive apparent years to her age. .Being at the door, she stood and looked. Tlie pee-wits shrilled and wheeled •on the slope to the left, by the roadside to the right the sheep vrciji aimlessly congregating and separating. The deep sunlight brooded over everything. Far down on the road a speck moved and crawled. Hannah watched it for a few moments, and went back into the bouse. ' After the glare of the sunlight, the room wa salmost dark, for the window •was crowded with geraniums, and their ' brood leaves turned edgeways to the light, blocked tht panes, and all their big trusses of blossom, scarlet, pink ,and white, leaned in the same direction, hungry for the sunlight She epread the white cloth on the polished bureau, and began to replace the ornaments, which sho had set on the centre •table—the white china dogs, the old silver lustre teapot without lid,the red hen with a slit in her back for pennies. She wiped each mechanically, slowly, and put it methodically into the place it bad occupied. There was a faint cry from the next room, followed by a few feeble knocks with a stick. Hannah hastily set down the red hen, and went through to the kitchen. Everything in the kitchen was siso spotlessly clean, but there was an atmosphere of suffocating heat, and a sickly smell from the pot of pig's meat boiling on the fire. An old woman, in a clean, stifflystarched white cap. sat in a chair at the side of the fire. She was helpless wiih age, and crippled from the consequences of a paralytic shock: her face, wrinkled and drawn, but still alert, seemed the only thing living about her. In one of Ser big, weak-knotted hands she held .an oaken stick, with, which she Tattled ^ on the floor to attract Hannah's attention. "What o'clock is't Hannah?" she asked, querulously. "Just aboot three,"* answered Hannah. "Are ye no through wi' that roan yetT'* "les. rm dune." She lifted the heavy pot, and set it to one side. "Are ye wearyin* on ye*re tea, granny? I'll hing on the kettle—it'll be boilin* sune." "I dinna ken what I'm wearyin" on," said the old woman, in the thin, vaguely fretful -tones of age. "D'ye see nanthing o' your brother?" "He canna be hame yet," said Hannah. "H he no gets spree'd again," said the grandmother. "There's nae use meetin* sorrow half- way," said Hannah, quietly. She lifted stocking, and began to knit. The Kitten emerged from below the table, humped its back, and made a. clutch at the wool. There was a rap at the door. "Dinna open it, Hannah; it's some seekin* body, and we're two lone weemin," said her grandmother. "Til see whae it is," said Hannah. She peered out of the window, keeping carefully behind the curtain. Then she fell back a step, Vhite as a ghost. "The minister?" hazarded Mrs Purves. "Wait a meenit; it's a man I ken," said Hannah. She breathed hard, and looked strangely scared. Hut as the rap was repealed she went to the door, and opened it. "Yfeel, here am I," said the perspiring man on the threshold. "I telled ye I was comin' to see ye—some day." Te've ta'en your time," said Hannah, e little drily. "That's five year since." "No that, surely. Hold on, I want to speak to ye—" "But come in and sit doon," said Hannab, relenting. "This is my granny. Granny, this is Mr Glennie—I dinna ken if I ever spoke to ye about him—we got sequent when I was in service." Sirs Purves eyed him suspiciously with her vivid dark glance, as he stepped in sweltering ana -wiping his foreliead, with mingled embarrassment and Beat. "X was through this way," lie said apologetically. " I thought Hannah— Tiirsag Purees—would excuse me gien' her a cry in. I hope ye're weel, mem." This with an evident desire to propitiate. "Just med&iin;','" said the old woman. "We've a Tight to be thankfu*—-but I'm awfu' frail."}' " "And hoo are ye a'?" asked Hannah, 'with a feint monitory emphasis on the last Avoid. She had remained standing, and preserved a cold severity of mien, ftip stranger suddenly turned purple. "She's been ta'en awa," he said. "T gliw^aMiiia'.jnaltt" we eecrtts ittie jhm. It u \----- iWiotnan, : ye dinna ken •what a life I hae had. i-vl'*'' ; Y "There's a little ane tae. . . A cripple, lm ; puir taed. . . It's mither let it fa* wlien .,-- ' she wasna.' right. . - I hae ha'en an :" awfu* life . . . an awfu' life.' gi-yr cTe needna speak against her now, s&w; \- •- enyway," said Hannah, in the same -.'• -grim monotone. " "Hannah, ye might gie the man drink o* milk," interrupted the old -woman, who, only half-hearing the -words, and not at all comprehending fibem, yet took pity on his heated look. ' "Dinna fash," urged Alec Glennie. e'.-Oh, I wasna thinking," said Hannah. She went into the back recesses of the boose and returned with a glass of creaming mills on a- tray. ' "It's rale kind, but I wasna' heedin'," •„• eaid Glennie, as he took the tumbler. ' "It'll take the stoor ooto' your throat," ^ } jaM Mrs Purves. think ru.be gaun," said the -vlsi- "Win ye speak a meenit, Hannah 1 ?" added In a lower key, while he shook ilLands with the invalid. "l dinna Hijni- think it cwv ser's,' said H^IIT 13^, I tout she went with Jiim to the door. \- "ye ken what It means. — me comin' £.ieni>*' he said, anxiously- seanninr " her pale, eetface. fl iae some notion-" -;-"W511 ye—will ye look owre't?—I ken J3C no used ye weel—will ye marry me now 9 " ju^Ho." said Hannali, clearly but dealdna make ap my mma to lace ta; but I put on the resolution, e ye a hame—ye'ed be gnia to the i wee icraler—and I aye tike ye, , though I was i nfatuate ' >'s nae «ise gann back ; on auld • sald Hannah- "I hae a bdpless i JC&XBT; in look after bere. Tza EJcfefeeged to ye." , - ;v ljiec door, ^nfl he retooa 'for ' a' fejr of the moor- land mocked them. Fot a moment he meditated on knocking again—then lie turned and heavily descended the road. ^ "What was lie? what was he wan tin'? demanded Mrs Purves, insistently. "I used to ken liim," said Hannah. But a tear scalded her eyes. In bur pride and wrath she had shut the door on the one love of her life. It was sonie sis months later, 'irarlt Purves came in "irith a -quick step a t sin unexpected time, and his sister, who was; standing =xt the table straining her eyes over a sheet of paper; hastily put it away, and replaced the ink bottle in the corner of the press with a confused air, which her brother was too much occupied to notice. Hannah wore a'bl&ck; gown; the chair by the lire was empty. "I brought up the paper frae Duns," said Mark, tossing it on the table. "The notice is a' right, but I had to pay si' -shilling for the deeply regretted." ! "Til see it the now when I light the lamp," said Hannah. "Han. what d'ye think o' me gettin' married?" asked Mark- abruptly. "Was ye thinkin' <Vt?" said Hannah, letting luer paper spill burn her finger in her amazement, not unmixed with dismay. - Mark nodded, "Whae on?" "Liza Colvin owre at Faraey Mill." "Is't settled?" "Lang syne. Only, ye ken, she no cared aboot comin' in to bather wi' her." "I think that's gey hertless ye, Malic." said Hannah, stung into plain speech. "Baith o' ye—just waitin' -or she was away. Te might hae telled me onyway." "Ther was nae use makin' ye mad," said Mali, coolly. "And ye needna be mad. yet; it makes nae odds." "And what aboot me?" asked Hannah, directly. Her brother's selfish eyes fell. "Oh, weel," he said, uneasily, " ye'll no likely be wantin' to bide. Ye'll can get a place, easy enough; it's nae advantage to ye bldin' here." "It's a fine way to tveat a body," said Hannah, bitterly. "Ye've just made a tool o' me, Mark—I gied up a guid place, and guid chances, to come here, and I've gotten a' my thanks in ae day." "Te can bide for the term if ye like," said Mark, sullenly and shamefacedly, ril speak to Liza." "Ye needna. This Is a' her sit-up. But ye needna concern yersel aboot me. I ken what I'll dae—and maybe Til no seek a place either." She thought with secret exultation of the half-written letter in her apron pocket. "Oh. wed, if ye dae yersel' a guid turn it'll no hurt nie," said Mark, and lounged out of the house. Hannah took out her letter and looked at it. Alas, she had huddled it by in haste, undried, and it was all blurred and blotted. 'TU write the morn when Marie's oot the road," she decided, and took up the paper.. "Puir granny." she thought, "little ye dreamed that sly Lizzie was ready to step into your shoon." She looked at the column which records the commencement, the crisis, the close of eventful and uneventful lives. And her heart seemed to stop beating as she read among the marriages: "At Edinburgh, by the Rev. Ninian Dinwoodie, Alexander Glennie, to Mary Landells. eldest daughter of the late Walter Keith." She laid the paper down quietly, and sat collecting her stunned thoughts. She remembered the baker's eldest daughter well—a large, slow woman, with a rather ;entie aspect, who since her father's death, had attempted a little dressmakig with very doubtful success. "He needit a Jioosekeeper; and she needit a hame," she said, half aloud. "I see. And it's my ain blame if it wasna me." She had no resentment; only a dull sense of prospectless rregret. She took out her blotted lettc-r again—a letter to Alec—and her pride gave her a momentary flash of gladness that she had not sent it. There it was, blurred and incomplete—like life.' She put it into the fire, and it flared— then the red sparks ran on the black tinder—there was an' end of her romance —and she turned a heavy heart to the cwhimn headed, "Wanted, Domestic Ser- vants."— '"Illustrated Edinburgh >Tews." 