The Green Turban. [Br Eden Phillpotts.] Though Syrian aud nomad Arab know it not, there lies a point, not far from Jaffa, on the lonely shore of the sea, where tradition plants as fair a myth as shall be found in ancient story. Here, at the silver margins of the Mediterranean, where blue waves tumble on wide sands and cast their saltness upon the wind, even to the orangetawny cliffs and the tamarisks beyond, was the naked beauty of Andromeda chained aforetime ere she joined the stars. From these waters the primal snake raised his loathsome jaws to devour her ; from this pure Eastern sky, shining like a cloud at sunset, winged-footed Perseus came to save. Even yet that petrified leviathan may be seen in the ugly black ridges of rock near the shore. Its mane of weed floats upon the sea ; its fossil teeth are yet bared when the savage west wind blows : and many- seagoing folk, less fortunate tnan Cassiopeia's daughter, have perished in its jaws without any Perseus to succour them. Here, 011 a day now long past, red fires of dawn leapt to the zenith from the dark ridges of the Judaen hills, and all the silent scene still slept save where, at meetingplace of earth aud water, a little ripple thathad not wrecked a shell lisped along the sand and fringed the shore with rubies caught from the morning. The world woke rosily r as a little child. Then, out of the sea-mists, swelled a black spot that slowly travelled along from the direction of Jaffa. This grew into a small boat, and the solitary rower, presently approaching a point where ancient and broken columns of granite lay scattered at the edge of the sea, turned his skiff to the land. It was a spot well-known to fisherman. Fazl al-Sammak pulled his oars until the beak of his boat ploughed the shingle. Then he came ashore and made lier fast. Pre- _ sently he drew forth a carpet from the little . ship and spread it upon the sand, and prayed the Dawn Prayer, begging for his guardian angel's peace from Allah. But the man's handsome face remained dark and sad ; for prayers were as dust in bis mouth, because he smarted under great new-born affliction, and Iiîs sorrows were then too tremendous and too recent to find comfort either in heaven or in earth. Truly Fazlal-Sammak's fate was the hardest that can well fall to the lot of a youth. He had loved and been loved, and tie had lost iu a manner so sudden and over- filled with mystery that now madness tinged his mind, and he felt tempted to risk salvation in return for some word definite and certain rather than his present agony of ignorance and doubt. His little Syrian love had been Tufia- hah—which is to say the apple of his eye and his heart. A plump roundfaced maiden of 15 years was Tufia-hah, and her lover stood high in estimation as a man of his hands, as one well-skilled in management of boats on that dangerous shore, and as an angler expert in the taking of fish with hook or net. For this girl and boy the round world had long held nothing but themselves, and Fate so far smiled that, until now, the tide of their loves ran smoothly without cross-current or rock. The girl's father . showed contentment with Fazl's gifts ; a day was at hand that would unite them ; the maiden's friends were already busy with baked meats and those sweet pastries of . honey and almond that Tufia-hah loved. Then darkened a night when she vanished utterly, as a dream vanishes at waking, or the cloud that yesterday hid the sun ; and for Fazl life l>ecame a plant that had been plucked by unknown hands, leaving all that remained barren an unlovely. A road of dust and flints stretched before him now—a road to be trodden alone and with naked £eet TJiere -wag no warm heart to beat against his bosom any more, and his own froze at the thought of it, while the world of women without their queen, Tufia-hah, was henceforth in his mind a world of ghosts. Now, under the dawn he breathed in spirit the sweet savour of the musk that was Tuflkhah's own perfume, and his soul sank in his awful sorrow, and the silver and gold of the morning was black to him, and the sweet air foul as a fog rising over graves. Little Tufia-hah had gone at dusk to buy oil of sesame and lettuces in the marketplace, and she had not returned. Few remembered to have seen her, save Ali Klrnllikan, the water carrier, who brought the last fragrant of news. He had met her and had offered to bear her basket, but she had refused, and so passed out of his sight on her homeward way. Tiiat Ali Khallikan had thus seen the girl, last of all who had known her, was remarkable, for he shared something of Fazl al- Sanunak's love, and though middle-aged, and poverty- stricken, and friendless, yet he ever lifted "his eyes to Tuffa-hali as a faithful dog to its mistress. Now while the younger man wept and prayed for his pearl Ali did neither, but went Jinn-mad, aud passed through the bazaars with dust upon his iiead and a torn raiment on liis lean body. From his wrinkled forehead the green turban of the Mecca pilgrim disappeared, and no headcovering concealed his tangled locks. The children laughed and pointed at him, and cried " Majnun, Majnun as he wandered with aimless footsteps through Jaffa ; the folk whispered and held him insane for grief. Thus it came about that the fisherman and the water-carrier were at one iu a common misfortune ; and now, as Fazl made an end of his dry prayers, it chanced that Ali Khallikan also appeared upon this deserted shore. Chapter IL Neither saw the other immediately, and Ali Khallikan, who came down to the sea through the tamarisk bushes, looked only upon the sand. He was haggard, and his fingers ever played in his beard. Presently he reached the edge of the sea. and then he lifted his eyes, and stood where the ruins of the granite pillars were scattered. These had fallen in centuries long past and gone ; but one broken column by some chance stood upright as though marking a grave. When high the tide nearly covered it ; when low, a man might reach it by wading to ii's thigh. Here the fragment had appeared since a time beyond living man's recollection, and the passion of 500 winter seas had not thrown it among its companions. The shattered granite «tood like a woman turned to stone in an under-robe of black weed and green, that marked the limits of the sea about it ; and beneath the water at its foot elear eyes might note hermit crabs creeping in their borrowed shells, and anemones like flowers, and a sUimuier of light where tiny, new-born fishes swan in shoals. Many another pillar hewn for ancient pomp and splendour lay recumbent under the water here ; while inland also-one wight sometimes find them set to the use of rollers that men passed over the land after planting of grain. Having gazed at this time, worn fragment awhile, Ali's heart heaved, aud be smote upon Ills breast and turned away. Then liis black eyes met those of the fisherman, aud suddenly, grew as small as a crab's. But Fazl al-Sammab, only knowing the other as a man who had worshipped his love dog-like at a- distance, was not touched at any time to jealousy, and now 4 remembering that uaen said AU had taken leave of his senses for sorrow, he approached him and gave a kindly greeting. " Sleep forgets us," he said, and onr morning is night And our night the grave. Salutations, ALt Khallikan., for you. too.. loved her, though not as I loved, and the trouble that brings me here brings you also." The elder man approached, but his voice was hard and high, and his grief seemed a mad spirit that possessed him. and stared fiery and tearless out of his furrowed face. "You speak truth and falseness in a breath," he answered. " True, I sleep not, and roam the lonely shore for sorrow ; but love is as great a thing in the homeless dog as in the lion. Say not my love was less than tliine, but greater, even as my age and my knowledge of both sides of life and of women must be greater than a boy's. Wait till grey Time has blown upon you, and the journey's end is near. Then talk of love ! You knew 110 more of the worth of TufFa-hah than of the pearl you draw forth from the sea. A pearl she was to you, a fair woman with a voice like cushat's, with eyes that were the windows of Paradise, with warm blood in her veins, whose breath was sweeter than musk, whose little hand made your nerves tingle and your heart sliake at its touch. I know—I know all that you would say ; but there is more than tliat ; and I can see it, being not new to women. They broke mv heart before you were born, and she mended it ; they shattered my trust and faith with their cruelty, and she revived them. Prayers and fastings were nothing, tears and sorrow were nothing, Mecca was nothing to her influence. One kind word from Tufla-hah has often served me for food aud drink. Thought of her lias straightened my back and smoothed my forehead and cooled my eyes, and made me believe in Allah aud look men in the face. I tell you she was the very handmaid of the Eternal—an angel of goodness and pity—a creature too pure for the touch of man's hands —a thing sacred and adored— a ray of pure light from the Highest Heaven." His body heaved and his agony brought beads upon liis brow, but 110 tear to his eye. Fazl was silent for a moment before a spectacle of hidden suffering that dwarfed his own in its tierce intensity. " You say truly, Ali Khallikan, aud your words add one drop of bitterness to a cup I had thought was full. The jewel of her fair soul I, too, knew and worshipped even as you ; but the casket of her silver body was precious also, for I am young, and man is a thing of senses by the will of God. Pray Allah she be not blotted from life ; but this I know : she loved me, and mine was her last thought and heart-beat if she be, indeed, gone from me."' The other started and his lips moved ; but bis eyes were fixed on the far distant rim of the sea, and he made no answer. Fazl sighed, and tnrned as though to dismiss a subject too sad for more discourse. " Art thou not a Hadji of the green turbans, Water-Carrier"? How comes it then that the Hue of the Pure, the emblem of the pilgrimmage, covers not your forehead at this sad hour ? " " Any rag will keep of the sun. Speak on where our hearts are. That Tuffa- hah is in truth dead, my angel has told me by night ; and the voice that spoke it was clear as a bell." Allah send you err. Yet certain it is that after fall of his appointed hour, no man can stay him whom Azrael beckons." " She is dead, I tell you, and Paradise the richer. This was no place for Taffa-hah. She came to earth by error of some careless spirit sent to carry her elsewhere, and now she has returned and smiles in a sweeter world among her sisters. For you there is the wide earth left, and Time, who heals young hearts and young flesh quickly, will help Fazl al-Sammak to forget. I am too old to forget. Farewell." Ali slowly moved away towards the rift in the low yellow cliffs by which he had come to the sea. But the fisherman felt a great pity bubbling in his heart at sight of the stricken wretch ; and a flash of wisdom from Allah's own treasury entered his heart, and told him that to lighten the lot of this sad soul would be to lighten his own. " Go not from me ! " he cried. " Your speech is gall and honey ; but I gleam from the harvest of your wise words, and know that 'tis better to think of an angel in Paradise than weep for a dead woman." " Nevertheless, if any ray of comfort can soften your suffering you lovëd lier not," answered Ali, again moving away. But Fàzl would not suffer liim to depart thus. He knew his worldly position was pitiful, and that he had sold his water-skins to buy a mourning garment. " Stay .' " he said. " Where do you go :: " What matter 'i I stand before you as you see me : a man who has no longer where to lay his head or food for his mouth. I yearn for death, Fazl al-Sammak, as a little child, weary with much weeping, yearns for sleep." " Your misery is greater than mine, brother, and a morning meal at least you shall have of me. The first cast of ray net is yours to-day if you will it so : but you must help me draw it. Speak not of death then, for to live is nobler. Let us live and do good works. So, maybe, both you and I shall win a footstool in Heaven, where Tufla-hah sits upon a throne.". Chaptfr III. The young man's offer, to throw his net for his friend in sorrow, was not strange, because a right Moslem often devotes a single application of his art or craft to anothers weal. Thus your diver will dive once for an unfortunate companion, and should rare sponge or pearl reward him, his comradc is the richer ; while fisher or fowler will likewise apply a venture to another in need, thereby strengthening themselves with Allah. Ali Khallikan bowed his head and accepted the charity offered, " It is well," he said, "aud the silver of the sea shall be mine that I may do what lies before me to do with the courage begot of a full belly. Cast forth and Heaven send you reward." So Fazl entered his boat, and taking the net riwed out a hundred yards from shore and flung it into the sea as he went. One end he left buoyed to a great cork ; with the other he returned to the shore and placed the rope in Ali Khallikan's hand. Then, rowing to the sea again, he brought back -the other end ; and the net was as the shape of a half moon on the water. With the short cords that Syrian fishermen fasten round their waists and hitch in turn to the incoming net, the men now set about their task ; and soon they began getting the net apace till the circle of it narrowed into a splashing, shimmering cone. The purse came slowly agleain with live silver ; the sea twinkled as under & cat's paw of wind, aud the brown weeds and red danced in the dark net while it came to land. But a great weight, as of something that was dead or slept, kept the purse low, and when they drew it forth the toilers forgot the fishes that leapt' in the agony of thin moaning air and dotted the yellow sand with silver, and gleaujed under the sunshine. For the net brought a dead woman back to the land, and the woman was Tuffa-hah. Both recognised her, for Allah's hand h 3d held back the sea things that hold no human flesh sacred. She smiled in death and her eves were shut aud her beauty had not wholly vanished. Fazl tore his garments and plucked at his Ve^vd §,nd fell upon the sand, but the other man showed 110 surprise, but a savage jov rather. " Kismet !" he said ; " this uet is mine, yet not mine, I never envied you the casket fisherman. But that belongs now to Death, and the jewel it held gleams on Allah's boson?," " How came she here? God of pit}'! You speak a? one having knowledge." " Put marble over her ; set a marble dome over this poor little body, so that the unborn may kneel there. Yet beware of vain images : this is not Tuffa-hah. I set her free—yes I, Ali Khallikan. I delivered her from the flesh." " You slew her !" " Note the dark ineen round her, and that wrought rock there above the sea. 'Tis no water-weed, but a turban meaning the pilgrimage. Fate wills that you know all, Fazl al-Sammak, and you shall do so." The one stood with liis arms folded, motionless and calm as a stone ; the other knelt by the dead, and his young face had grown old. " As I have done for that sweet sleeper there, so would I do again. Knowing that that the hour was fixed when you would have her, I did what Allah bid, and lured her to 1113' dark chamber with tale of another's grief. Of her boundless charity and sorrow for suffering she came, and I rendered her unconscious with a drug. Then Ijorrowing a grey ass to fetch weed from the shore, I set her upon it in a great basket and bore her here under the night. And she revived, and the flesh was weak in her when I told her, and your name was on lier lips, But I hardened my heart and obeyed Allah, and bound her even with my green turban to that ruined stone there in the name of the Most High <-k>d aud the Prophet. I left her to the rising Mother of the Waters, who came quickly under a wild wind, and Allah accepted her pure as the pearl unthreaded. That was my act, Fazl al-Sammak; and gazing down upon us twain from the window of Paradise she knows now who loved her best," " God blacken your face, red-eyed murderer !" shrieked the other ; "and God have mercy upon me lest I cry ' there is no God '.' Sucked to slow death—strangled by this cursed sea with my name 011 her lips ! For whose sin, for whose sin has this cruel fate been sent to the sinless ? " He fell upon his face in the sand, aud so remained as one dead. Then great silence fell, aud a shadow passed over him from on high, and presently, lifting himself up, he found the madman had departed. But even where he had stood, as though Allah juggled with him, there hopped a black vulture, with naked neck and hungry, golden eyes. And Fazl, turning to the dead, found the green turban, that was twined like a snake about her, bad vanished. So Tuffa-hah slept with her fathers ; and when they sought the Water Carrier he too wa : found asleep. In air he hung, under the darkness of a tree among the gratves in the burying ground ; and his green turban, that had bound the dead girl's body to the granite until a stormy wave swept her away, now held him aloft by the neck until a stormy wave of men found his carcase and swept it forth from holy ground aud gave it a dog's burial. This they did that the dust of a murderer and a madman might not rise at the trump with the bodies of sane men and just. 