ELECTORAL REFORM. Notwithstanding the defects of the present law regarding Parliamentary elections the Government, according to a recent announcement by the Colonial Secretary, has not yet given the matter of amEnding them consideration. It is certainly high time that the subject received that close and undivided af tention which it deserves. A mere hlandful of votes may lhavethe most momentous influence uppn a great national question, yet our present sys tem of representation does not provide for a true reflex of public opinion through the ballot box. Doubtless, our legislators in framing the present Act believed, that they were doing all in their power to make the system of Parliamentary, representation as per feet as possible.' esults, however, have shown that their ideas on the sub ject were far too sanguine. When the electoral bill was being discussed one of the principal evils sought to be suppressed was that of personation. Accordingly the system of electoral rights was introduced, and it was believed that the evil of false voting had been effedtually killed. No more, said our legislators, will the. graveyard at election time give up its dead, and permit the departed for a few hours to re- visit their former haunts in order to give their vote to some beloved candidate. No more, they thought, will keepers of sailors' boarding houses .be able to instruct Juan Dago or Jacob Finn how to sexer 'cise an influence on Australian poli tics. No longer, they considered, would it be possible for men to vote not only early but often, and record a vote at every polling place in an elec toral district. It is possiblethat under tbhe system now in force personation is not so general as all competent wit nesses declare that fraiudulent practice to have beei under the old regime.' But under the present system a defect of another serious kind.has been added to the one vwhich was only partially abolished by providing that no one but a holder of an electoral right shall record his vote. At present, 'if the scrutineers have been lax in perform ing their duty, or are insufficiently in formed, it. is possible for votes to be fraudulently polled by people who are illegally in possession of electors' rights. It is a notorious fact that large numbers of these rights are in the possession of.men in whose care they were originally left for safe keep ing or for other reasons. The once lafulf owners of these rights may be dead or on the other side of Australia, or in another quarter of the globe, and scrutineers and returning officers often do not care to act on mere sus picion that an illegal act has been at tempted. The rolls may never have been purged sufficiently to have the names of these dead men or absentees removed from them. And with a name on the roll. and an elec toral right corresponding therewith, all things are elector1ally possible. The other evil which has been' superadded is the disfranchisement of large num bers of people who would be legally entitled to vote if tlihey had only com plied with the somewhat complicated requirements of the Act. They may have removed to' the other side of the street, and not had their names placed cn the roll of another electorate. More often they lose their electoral rights altogether, or; what is even more tan talising, 'place the frecious docu ments in such secure positions among their household gods that they cannot be found wliei wanted. Certainly, a system which can 'only permit of about 60 peri cent. of the electors on the rolls recording their votes requires a good deal of reorganising. It may be said that an abandonment of the system of electoralrights means a reversion to the old order of things. Those who are best acquainted, by personal experience of the working of the Act, should be in a position to de clare Whether the system of requiring from tlie citizen a certificate of his right to vote can be rid of the frequent 'disabilities now incident to' its wvork ing. If it cannot, a return to the old order of things should certainly be made. For it is better far that a few rogues should record illegal votes than that large masses of the people should be regidarly debarred from exercising the franchise. Another redistribution of seats is also badly required. Why 125 salaried men should be needed in order to look after the interests of a million and a quarter people is not -ery clear. And even they are insuffi cientfor the duty, for another nominee and unpaid House is apparently re quired to look after them and see that they keep to the strait and narrow path of political rectitude ' But ex perience has shown that some of our electorates contain only half of what was regarded as thenormal number of voters when the Act was framed. This difference ought to be adjusted at the earliest possible moment. The gerry mandering that took place.when the new divisions were.formed ought also to be rectified... When the £40 deposit was abolished, the change was hailed as- an advance in the'path of demo cracy. But'what has been the result ? Men who have not a ghost of a chance of success, and who are made the sport of a few thoughtless persons, have their names placed on the ballot papers and are classed as candidates, although the alleged candidature is regarded as a wild and hilarious farce. It is pos sible that .tthe necessity of making a cash deposit, 'even though it were much less than £40, would put a stop to those practices, and considerably re duce the zeal of nominators of bogus or semi-idiotic candidates. It is now admitted, by marly whose demoe.racy has been mellowed by experience, that the main' provisions of the Electoral Act, which ,they - assisted to abrogate were far from being so bad as they were painted. What should be aimed at in every law is the production of the best results, and the choice should not be d difficult one between the theoreti cally perfect and the practically useful. 