AUBREY BEARDSLEY: PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS. Aubrey Beardsley was bound to die young. All his friends knew that as well as ho did. Tho only wonder wan that tho fine- thread of his life was not Bevored sooner. I remember that when I first wiw him I thought that I had never soon a- utterly' frail a oreature — ho looked more like a ghost than a living man. Ho was then, I believe, already in an advanced stage of pulmonary consumption. When I came to know him better I realised that it was only by sheer forco of' nerves that ho contrived to sustain himsolf. Ho was always, whonover ono saw him, in the highest spirits, full of fun and of fresh theories about life and art. But one could not help feel ing that as Boon as ho were alone ho would sink down, fatigued and listless, with all tho spirit gone out of him. One- felt that his gaiety resulted from a kind of pride, and was only assumed, as who should say, in company. Per haps ono underrated his strength. When he was alone he must have worked at his drawings almost with . out intermission. It is a curious thing that none of his visitors ever found him at work, novor saw any of his rough sketches nor even so much as hia pen, ink, and paper. It was his pose to appeal* a man of leisure, living among books. Certainly, ho : seemed, to have read, and_to have made his reading into culture, moro than any man I havo ever mot ; though how he, whoso oxooutivo industry was so great, managed to read so much ia a question which I have never quite solved; I can only suppose, that he read very rapidly, , Tho literature of tho Restoration nnd of tiio Eighteenth Century had al ways especially appealed to him. He delighted! (oddly enough) in Voltadro. Ho was supposed to havo road the ?wholo o? tho 'Cometlio Humaine,'* and ho had all the modern schools of France at hia fingor-tips. He was a good Eatini scholar, too, though ill-health Had ourtailed hia school- days, aaul he had practically, had to teach himself all that he- knew. His- conversation had always the. charm, of scholarship. Though not less modest than aromost young- men, ho had strong opinions on most subjects, and ho expressed him self with clear precision, and with wit. . But ho had not tho physical strength which is necessary to the really great \ or inspiring talker. With1 him th'ero was always tho painful sen.so of effort. ? I refniombev on afternoon I spent with him, at hia houso in Carabridge street, soon, after 'Tho Yellow Book' was started. He was in great form, and showed even more than his usunl wit and animation as ho paced up and 'down, the room, talking, with all hia odd, abrupt gostures, about ono thing and anothor, about everything under the sum I am a very good listener, and I enjoyed myself very much. Noxt day I heard that his mother and liis sister and a doctor had been sitting-up with liim till daybreak. Ho had been seized, soon after I had left, with a terribly violent attack of hemorrhage, and it had been thought, moro than onoe, that ho could not live throagn the night, . I remember, also, very clearly, a suppe* at which Beardsley was pre sent. After the supper we sat vp rather late. Ho was tho lifo and scul of tho party, till, quite suddenly, al most in tho middlo of a senten-jo, ho fell fast asleop in his chair. Ho had overstrained his vitality, and it h:id nil left him. I can see him now, as lie sat there with his head sunk on his breast ; tho thin faco, white as tho.gar donia in his coat, and tho prominent, ?harshly-cut features ; tho hair, that al ways ' covered his wholo forehead in a. fringe, i and was of w- curious a color — a kind of tortoise-shell ; the narrow, angular figure, and the long hands that were- so full of power.*— Max Beeiv bolim in tho 'Idler.' 