WILD EELIN. HER ESCAPADES, ADVENTURES AND BITTER SORROWS. BY WILLIAAI BLACK. Fortunately the two travellers were able to secure a tiny back parlor to themselves; und when the youngerman had rung thcliell nnd asked the servant lass to get ready what luncheon was procurable, lie thought he would saunter out by himself to see what manner ot persons these were who had in vaded this remote highland glen. They themselves were not likely to inform him, for as he paused on the threshold he dis covered that a. savage quarrel had by this time broken out over the betting, so that the air was thick with oaths and assevera tions and crimson adjectives. Indeed, they took no notice of him, and so he strolled on towards the river. He perceived that a man his father and he had passed on the way was now coming down to the bridge — a de cent looking elderly man, with whom he planned to have a few words. "I beg your pardon, but may I ask if you belong to these parts?" he said to the now comer. "I did, sir, until this morning," replied old Angus the fisherman. "I have been living in tliis stratli ever since I was a boy, but I am sent away now." "How is that?" This younger Alacdonald had a curiously direct way of speech and straightforward eyes. He had the air of one accustomed to govern men. Tho story was briefly told. "Her ladyship was asking me to stay," old Angus added, honestly. "But I am not wishing to make any quarrel." "And what are you going to do now?" was the next abrupt question. "I'm going out west to Ben Vora," said the old gillie in a quiet, resigned way. "Aly daughter is in service there at tho lodge. And she's a good lass; she will put up with me for a while, until I get a new place. But maybe — maybe — I have been thinking — 1 will he too far on in years to seek for a new place now." "You need not trouble yourself about that," said Somerled Alacdonald in his curt fashion. "And you need not trouble your daughter either. I will get you a new place,, or its equivalent— if you like to trust me." The old man looked bewildered; he was not used to finding good fortune drop from the skies. "Would the gentleman he telling me his name?" he said, timidly. "Aly name? Oh, that's nothing. I dare say you never heard of me. But you've heard of my father, no doubt. He ought to be known in this district. You've heard of Air. Allan Alacdonald, of Canada — " "Him that was sending tlie free passes?" "The same. Well, he is my father. And he is in the inn there. Come along and see him; I shouldn't wonder if you and he had many recollections in common of former days and tlie old people. Then we'll get a bit of something to eat; and you'll drive back with us to Invergarva; and to- morrow you'll go on with us to Invernish. I sup pose there are several of the Kinvaig Maq- donnlds in invernish?" "Oh, yes, that, sir." And you wouldn't nnnd living in a town? If you ii ere to get some employment in In vernish you would feel yourself just as much at home there as here?" "Far more, sir, — far more. There's no home lierc for me now," answered old An gus. "Then set your mind at rest," said the younger mau, in a kind of authoritative way —but perhaps his bluntness was due to bu siness habits and a long acquired habit of saving every minute of time. "I'll get some place for you in Invernish, with not too heavy work; and if you still crave for the rivqr sule you can have a turn at the Nish on the free days, you know. So come along and see my father. But first of all, tell me, who aro these men in the roadway there?" lhey re the prize fighters, sir, that his lordship keeps at the inn, was the reply ut tered in a low voice, so that no one should overhear. "And in the evening they go down to the big house, to amuse the gen tly." "God help us all," said Somerled half to himself, "I wonder how I am going to get my father out of this infernal den, without his suspecting anything? And this is what lms come to Glengarva, and to the old home of the Alacdonalds of Kinvaig?" They got through the brawling gang with- out molestation, and entered the little back parlor; and greatly delighted whs old Allan Macdonald to find a fellow clansman who could remember the small thatched cottage m which the tall teacher had taught his ele- mentary class five-and-forty years before. Uieic were all sorts of reminiscences and eager questions and willing answers; hut ever and anon the home-comer from Canada would bring the talk back to the Bean-an- Tigliearn aud Miss Eeliu, the mother and daughter who in a way represented the sen timental chieftainship of the Kinvaig Alac donalds. Were they approachable ladies? 1 hey would not take it ill if two strangers claiming to be of the clan — and hailing from a far country— wished to call on them and pay their respects to them? Or perhaps they would rather not be reminded of tho proud position once held, by their family? They might resent intrusion? Well, these were rather recondite questions for the old water bailiff, who, besides, ' with all a Highlander's caution, was anxious not to commit himself and give offence; but on one point old Angus was explicit enough. "There is not in ahl the Highlands," he said, "two leddies that are as kind as them; I am sure of it. There is nothing they will not tiy to do for the poor people nnd the old people of Glengarva; the sewing, and the knitting, and tlie sending of wool, nnd the buying of the stockings when they aro made. And every one knows it is not be cause they are rich, for it is many a day since the estate passed away from the family; hut tlie Bean-an-Tighenrn and Aliss Eelin they will always be having a little help for anyone that is sick. And there is the parcels-post nowadays— they have not to come aweli down from Invernish — " "But I suppose they sometimes pay the old place a visit?" "Is it Kinvaig?" said old Angus, in obvious surprise— perhaps even in a kind of hurt way. "The Bean-an-Tighearn and Aliss Eelin would not be coming near the big house now- " He stopped suddenly; and then lie said in an evnoive manner: "When they are driving out from\ Invergarva to put (lowers on the grave stone, mebbe there is "not much time to get back to catch the evening steamer. And I am not thinking they are very well acquent with his lorcl- ship." "x\nd when you were sent adrift this morning— as my son tells me— had you no idea of turning to the Bean-nn-Tighcarn for assistance of one kind or another?" "While I have my two hands ffift to me," said Angus, with quiet dignity, "it is not me that would be troubling the Bean-an- Tijhearn for anything; she has plenty of others to look after." At this point luncheon was brought in; and the servant lass- was bidden to set an other place at table. But they could not persuade the old fisherman to sit down with them; he said he would go into the kitchen and get a bite; and he would be waiting outside for the gentlemen, if they were so kind as to think of taking him with them to the town of Invernish. When he had gone, the tall teacher said, proudly — "You see, lad, I'm not quite forgotten in my native glen, even apart from the emigra tion business. And when we've finished luncheon, we'll just stroll down to the river side, and wander along for a while, to find out if iny memory serves. And if we were to get as far as Kinvaig House, I might chance to see his lordship; I'm sure it was only a bit of temper his dismissing the old gillie that has been water bailiff for so many years." "Surely you're not going to beg that he should be taken back!" the son said, indig nantly. "Oh, well, no — no. He'll be better with you, if you have undertaken to look after him; he'll discover ho has got into safe hands. We'll merely take a stroll along the strath, as far as Kinvaig House " But at this point Somerled Alacdonald broke out in desperation — "Father, you're not going anywhere near Kinvaig House; nnd I'll tell you why. 1 have been concealing the truth from you, and it's better you should know it. You did hear music as we came by — the strumming of a banjo at least; and there was a crowd of men and women on the lawn at Kinvaig, dancing and shrieking and kicking tlieir heels in the air — most of tlieni drunk, 1 should say, from the number of bottles on tho table. And this very inn is the licad- qunrters of a lot >of prize fighters; and at this moment they're out at the front, bawl ing, blaspheming and drinking and gamb ling; and they're maintained here by liis lordsliip that tliey may amuse the ladies and gentlemen at the lodge. Pah, the whole place reeks with aboiniiintions — a sink of ini quity; and if you want to have the Glen garva of your youth restored why you'll just have to buy the strath from end to end, and flood it down with carbolic acid, and clear out this mangy riff-raff, and bring back a few decent Highland folk, either from In vernish or from Ontario " "What's this you're saying, laddie? Are ye out of jour senses?" the older man cried iu bewilderment. So there had to ho a more minute and detailed description ; but the refrain was ever the siunc — "Buy back the glen, father, and sweep out that scum!" "Na, na, lad," said the other, more quiet ly, "That's a scheme that springs quickly enough to a young brain like yours. It's nothing to you — you, the great pioneer — the great railroad king — to think of draft ing a population here or there; but such enterprises arc not for mo at my years " "And who founded Kinvaig in Ontario?" demanded his son. "That was a while ago — a while ago," he answered, absently. And then be said, "Well, Somerled, if this is the state of affairs in Glengarva, we'd better quit. Let's go away back at once. Ring and send word to have the horses put to." So they prepared to leave, but they were not to be allowed to depart iu peace. When they got outside they found the landau awaiting them, and Angus Alacdonald on the box beside the driver; nnd tliey were about to cross the intervening few yards to enter the carriage, when one of the bullet-headed bystanders called out — "You, there, Conky, give the hloomiii' giant a drink!" The person called Conky, who had pos sessed himself of a bottle and glass for his oun private use, at.oiice interposed between the blind man and the door of the landau. "Here y'are, sir!" and ho thrst forward a half filled glass. "No, thanks — no, thanks!" said Somerled Alacdonald, impatient aud frowning, as he tried to guide his father iu to the carriage. But the crop haired fool would not budge; so there was nothing for it but to push him aside — gently but firmly to push him aside. And in an instant peace had become war. "Who are you a-shovin' of, you- ? You a gemman — you? I'll give you linlf a- minute to take off your coat — half a minute, neither more or less, you And with that he dashed the bottle and glass on to the"Rravel, and came striding forward, not even allowing the 30 seconds of prof fered truce. Now here was the problem to be solved. Given A, a perfectly pacific person, igno rant of fisticuffs, and B, a professional bruiser, bent on furious fight. How is A to escape from the situation with any measure of safety? The solution is simple, if A have sufficient nerve. - All he has to do is suddenly, with his left hand, to snatch off his hat or cap, and bring it violently down on B's face — aud the man is not of woman bom who can avoid flinging up both arms to guard himself against such an amazing at tack; at the same moment A drives his right fist into whatever portion of B's car- ease is nearest him; and the next second B is prone in tlie roadway, a doubled-up and amorphous heap. It is not, perhaps, an altogether sportsmanlike manoeuvre; but in certain circumstances it is distinctly legiti mate; and it is undoubtedly effective. On this occasion what happened happened all in the twinkliug of an eye; and tlie broken- nosed bully went swinging into tho gutter, where he lay with his elbows interclaspod, like a monkey embracing a cocoanut. The strange thing was that his chums made no effort to take his part. Nay, they jeered and scoffed at him. "Served him right, the . AVhy didn't he let the gemman alone? Come out o' there, Conky, or the horses '11 be on tho top o' you." "Somerled," said old Allan Alacdonald, as they drove away. "What was all that about?" "Oh, nothing, father— nothing," was the reply. "I thought I heard a man go down with a crash." "Oh, well " and here Somerled Alac donald did smile a little— "perhaps he's thinking now he has got tootli ache— but it isn t in the place where toothache is usu ally felt." CHAPTER III.— "SO YOUNG, AIY LORD, AND TRUE." "I am good, I am beautiful, and I am modest," said Wild Eelin, entering the room, "but it is a cruel and a wicked world, and I am not appreciated." She took the big, black, green-eyed tom-cat from her shoulder, aud threw it on to a couch. "Beelzebub, if you have no further news for me from the place below, I have no fur ther use for you — shoo! — away, impostor!" And then she turned to her mother, who was reading a newspaper. "Alothor, I am going into tho town; do you want anything sent out?" She wns a young girl of about nineteen or twenty, hardly over middle height, of slim and graceful figure, and of unmistakably Highland aspect— Highland in tlie clear whiteness of her skin, that had rather over than under its due of rose-leaf tint iu the cheeks; hut above nil, Highland in her large, liquid, lustrous, deep-blue eyes that, set about with their dark eye-lashes, were of a quite indescribable loveliness— they seemed to suggest somehow the wild and strange beauty of a moonlight night at sen. Per haps her straight nose nnd full and finely cut. mouth might have lent something im perative and coimiiuiidiug to her appear ance; but she was not quite tall enough for that; besides she was young — youuger even than her years; and then again her general expression seemed to say of her that her heart was wholly rippling over with laugh ter and frolicsomeness, and the abundant delight of living. With three or four inches added to her stature, and with a dozen years added to her age, she might have posed as a sibyl: as things were— well, she was just Wild Eelin, as her companions often called her, though her Gaelic- speaking friends had a finer name for her than that: to tliern she was "Eelin of the sea-blue eyes." For the rest, she was dressed with extreme sim plicity and neatness— her blouse being pf the Alacdonald tartan; and the circular sil ver brooch she wore at her neck was not set with any precious stones; it merely had these three words engraved on it, "Tho Eagle's Crag" — which is the slogan of the Alacdonalds of Kinvaig. Her mother glanced upward from the paper. She was a slight, silver haired, sweet voiced lady, who mayhap looked all the more fragile and delicate, and timid in contrast with the robuster color and brave demeanor of her daughter. "Really, Eelin," she said, in almost piteouB tones, "I must protest " "What is it now, mother!" "I have just been reading the last of these White Coeltade articles. Really really, Eelin, you don't seem to know the lengths you're going. Why, you are openly making love to this young man!" "He is not a young man, mother," she re- sponded, with much placidity. "He is a phantom — a ghost — a wandering voice! I have not even seen liim in dreams; I meet him only iu the columns of tho Invernish 'Observer,' published every Saturday, price one penny." "You don't appear to understand!" re monstrated the anxious mother. "Behind all this farrago of moonlight walks, and, pretended correspondence, and assignations, there is an actual person; and you have no means of knowing who or what that per son may be." "An actual person! — a common and or dinary person! — why, mother, he's not a person at all — he's a poet! And you want ma to slop giving liim that little bit of en couragement nnd approval for which every poet pines! How can you be so cruel! And another thing, look at the consequences of suppressing a poet? Have you ever thought of tho awful consequences of suppressing a poet! He might buret!" "I (jare say he knows perfectly well who' you are, if you don't know who he is," con tinued the mother; "and sooner or later there will be an introduction, brought about by somebody — there is always that possi bility; tuid then what will you have to say?" For answer tho young lady walked up to a large scroll framed and hung on the wall — ,a genealogical tree with its wide spread ing brandies doted nil over with white cir cular spots like so many sixpenny bits; and with her forefinger pointing, she began at tlie base of tlie stem, proceeding gradually upwards, and proudly naming 0110 name after another. Somerled, Thane of Argyle: married the (laughter of tho King of the Isles- Reginald, King of the Isles— Donald, Lord of the Isles, 1214 — Angus, Lord of the Isles —Alexander, Lord of the Isles— Angus, Lord of the Isles— Angus Og, Lord of the Isles-John, Lord of the Isles— Ranald of Diinluee— -Eneas Gorm Alacdonald of Kin- voig— Donald 'Alacdonald of Kinvaig— Alas- dair Gins Alacdonald of Kinvaig— Lewis Alacdonald of Kinvaig— Somerled Alac donald of Kinvaig— Ranald John Alacdonald of Kinvaig— and more— and more; nnd all of them kin and sib to Kiuloclimoidart, and Keppoch, and Glencoe, and Glengarry; and you ask me, their descendant, to be afraid of meeting face to face some young divinity student — some lawyer's clerk — some town councillor's son — whatever or whoever lie may be! You forget, mother. If I am not 'the daughter of a hundred 15arls,' I am the daughter of a thousand Thanes; and by the Rod Book of Clanran- ald I fear 110 mortal man!" She dropped her heroics. "Mumie, darling, the fact is, you are a hen with only one chick, and you keep cluck-clucking when there's no danger about at all. I don't see tho slightest chance of my ever meeting this young gentleman who writes the pretty verses. They'll keep my secret safe enough at the 'Observer' office. And oven if I were to meet him some day, what would happen ? I have a small grain of common sense. I'm not nearly such a" fool as I look. So you get rid of all that un necessary alarm, my dear, sweet, excellent mother; and tell me what you want ordered in Invernish, for I've a lot of things to do before dinner time." And thus it was that a little while there after Aliss Eelin Alacdonald, of Kinvaig (alas! there now remained to them nothing of Kinvaig save tho style and title accorded them in courtesy by friends and neighbors), was inarching briskly along the banks of the wide and full flowing river on this still and peaceful and golden August afternoon. She crossed the vibrating suspension bridge; she continued her way by the side of tho stream; then she climbed the steep Castle Ilill, and had a casual look round at tlie distant mountain ranges, from tlie ethereal Alealfourvonie in the south to the darker Ben Wyvis in the north; and finally she went 011 aud into the town to execute her mother's commissions. But when these had all been got through, she found herself (as she had planned) with a little time of her ' own; arid so, to begin with, she went into a small grocer's shop. "A pound of tea, Airs. Fordyce, and two pounds of sugar; and as quick as you can, please, for I'm rather in a hurry." The big, buxom, good-uatured-Iooking woman behind the counter seemed more in clined to pause and have a chat with Aliss Eelin than to despatch her business; and so she had again to be urged. "And how much will that come to?" "One and eightpence, if ye please, Aliss Eelin." The girl took out her purse, and searched all through it. "Dear me," she said, "how stupid! I have only got one and sixpence halfpenny with me. You'll just have to take out some of the tea, Airs. Fordyce." "I'm sure you'll not be wanting to affront me, Aliss Eelin," said the big, soft featured woman, who appeared to lie of a sensitive temperament. "When you know that any thing in tlie shop is at your service — and 110 question of money at all!" "Well, well, Airs. Fordyce," said the young lady, blithely, "if you carry 011 your shop on sentimental principles of that kind, I wonder how long you'll have a roof over your head. But I'll owe you the three half pence — I won't ask you to open the packet — for I want to get along at once to old Granny Sinclair." "Ay, I thought it was something of that kind," said Airs. Fordyce, with a smile. "And you'll just owe me the three half- ponce until I ask you for it, Aliss Eelin." Aliss Eelin now left tlie shop, went quickly along to another thoroughfare, passed up a narrow entry, ascended a stair, aud knocked at tlie door and opened it. Ap parently she knew her way well, for the next minute found her in a small and rather dusky room, the sole occupant of which was a shrivelled little old woman who lay hud dled up in a dilapidated rocking chair. Tho window at which she sat looked out upon a courtyard, above tlie high wall of which some rowan trees and poplars showed— their sunlit foliage almost motionless against the flecked blue and white of the sky; hut she was not regarding these; she had been help lessly staring at her brown and bony fingers, clasped in her lap, until the arrival of this visitor had suddenly aroused her atten- tion. "Well, Granny," said the new comer, in her buoyant and matter-of-fact fashion, "has there been no ono looking in for a moment to cheer you up, on this fine after- noon?" "I'yo just been wearyin' for ye, Aliss Eelin," said the old woman, in a quavering voice, "aud wondcrin', hour by hour, whether ye would come. It's a long, long day, now that they're keeping -jl-.lu s0 late; sometimes it's near ten o'clock before she gets home." "Well, I'm going to make you a cup of tea now," continued Aliss Eelin, briskly, "and we'll pull your chair back a bit, nnd open the window, to freshen the air, you know; and I see your cushion is all slouched down— you must let me help you over, to the bed until I get things put straight; and if there's any fire in tlie kitchen, we'll soon have some hot water " And thereupon she set busily to work; and that with a wise mothcrliuess and dex terity and tact beyond all praise. If in out ward seeming she was even younger than her years, in her judgment, her sagacity, ' her patient tolerance of weakness or stu pidity, her good-humored dealing with frac tious tempers, she was a grown woman of quite exceptional gifts and qualities. Per haps, indeed, her very youthfulness — or that appearance of fresh and light-hearted youthfulness— stood her in good steud. Peo ple who otherwise might have been inclined to stand on their rights and dignities (which are jealously guarded among certain sections of the poorer classes) became more amenable when it was only a mischief-loving whimsical, domineering slim slip of a girl who was determined on havi'ug her own way. In her home and out of it this domi-. neering had come to be a recognised kind of thing; every one, or nearly every one, sub mitted to it; who was going to take Alias Eelin too seriously, and run all the un-; imagined risks of offending her and quarrel- ling with her? But sometimes the timid and apprehensive mother thought of the future— and of a future that might be near. And on this occasion the intruder forth with took upon herself the entire control of tho little dwelling and its solitary occupant too; she got the hot water and made the tea; she laid the cloth; she went to the cupboard and brought out what remained of a cold leg of mutton (that small joint had made a most desperate hole in Wild Eelin's finances— and all unknown to the Bcan-ao-Tighearn); she cut one or two thin and neatly-trimmed slices; she added some lettuce leaves, and sprinkled the same with pepper and salt and vinegar;, she drew the old dame's chair close to the table; she pulled tho window blind right to tlie top, for a more cheerful light; and Ithen she said — "Now, Granny, there yon are. And what shall I read to you while you're having your tea?" "Jean was leaving me a paper there, but I'm fcart the print is getting to be too little for my old eyes " "This one, is it? Oh, the 'Observer.' And What would you like to hear about first— the Births, Deaths and Marriages, I sup- pose " "Maybe," said old Granny Sinclair, "may- he there's something more about that young lass— her that was wearing the white ro sette " "Oh, tho White Cockade creature — why, you're not interested in her, surely! " "Ay, but Blie's a smart lass, that one," said the old woman, with a dim sort of smile, for these comfortable things before her had enlivened her spirits somewhat — "ay, she has some spunk, that one; and who was tolling her all tlie old stories— and how was she knowing all about tlie '45 and the Wild men of Glenmoriston " Miss Eelin burst out laughing. "Granny, Granny, have you never guessed? Why, that's me! Don't you know that I'm a great authoress? I write poetry, ami prose, and lots of other things; and I'm going to write about you; I'm going to describe you as one of the notable heroines of the nine- tcenth century, because you take everything that hanpens with such a brave heart, and yon never complain — hero have I been in the house nearly half an hour, and you've never even mentioned tlie pains in your back, whereas anybody else would have been groaning and whining and yaumering. Have you never guessed — not even when you saw your own recollections put into print?" The old dame had ceased stirring her tea; she looked stupefied. "You, Miss Eelin?— is it you?— is it you that's her that stands up for Prince Char- lie?" "And what for no? Bring the ghost of Lord President Forbes before me this minute, and you'll hear the talking I'll give him!" "And — and wasityourself that was listen ing for Iseabal Bheag nan Brecaig?" Little Isabel of the Bannocks.) ' "Why, Granny, that was one of your own tales! It was you who told me of the Pro vost's murder, and how little Isabel hap- pened to see the murderers at work, and how she gave information — that led to her own murder; and how her cries are heard to this day when the evemings are still, along the woods there by the river — " "And was you hearing them, Miss Eelin?" the old woman said, eagerly. "Well — that is to say — you know— the girl who signs herself 'White Cockade' makes some kind of pretence of having been listening — and of having heard some thing; but I wouldn't believe too much, Granny, of what'B in the papers. I myself never heard Iseabal Bheag nan Brecaig, though I've come past the woods many a time in the very stillest of evenings; but then the girl in the 'Observer,' perhaps she has more imagination than I have — amd more time to spend along the river side." These mystifications seemed to puzzle old Granny Sinclair; and yet she would keep thinking hack to what she had been told of the young lass who in these degenerate days has the courage to woar the White Cockade. "Maybe," she said, '"maybe I am not un derstanding very well, Miss Eelin. Is it ypprself that was walking through the Islands — and there was the young man that would be there to read his books— were you seeing him?" "Bless me, Granny, you're as had as my mother!" the young lady cried, in an in- hired way. "How often must I tell you that there's no real young man — it's only a kind, of ghost, you know — and so is the girl of the White Cockade, if it comes to that. It's all nonsense and make-believe. I don't know any young man who haunts the Is lands — I don't indeed: the only person I know who is always there is Mr. Jameson, the keeper — curator I would call him if I were the town council— poor man, lie's about out of his mind just now with rheu matism in his shoulder, and I am going along this very evening with a new kind of embrocation to see if that'll do him any gQpd. The idea that I would walk out to the Islands— or anywhere else — to meet any young man " "She was seeing him, if they were not speaking," said the old dame, still vaguely thinking hack. "Yes, yes, the White Cockade girl! Don't you understand? The White Cockade girl may have been up at the Islands, and may have seen a young man pacing about under the trees, and reading a book; but that is all nonsense — that is what they call a ro mance, and it really does't exist. Come, Granny, you must put all these fancies out of your head — though I'm nfraid I am re sponsible for putting them into your head; and you must take me to be just me, and nobody else; and you mustn't imagine I would go out to the Islands expecting to find any young man strolling about, whe ther he was a poet or only a common per son. I should think not, indeed! And here we've been cl atting and (halting, and I haven't even read yon the Births, Deaths and Marriages yet — so let's get to work!" But this gossip about the young lady of the White Cockade had occupied much of her available time; and when she had fin ished the slow reading of the newspaper announcements — slow, so that Mrs. Sinclair might recognise any familiar name— she found that she must hurry off home or be late for dinner. So ahe removed the tea things; she brought the big type Bible which was the old Highlandwoman's easiest \- reading, and placed it on the table, along with her spectacles; she shook up the cus hion, and generally put things to rights; and then, with many farewell admonitions, grave and Bay. she took her departure, leav ing behind her in the solitary little room a prevailing atmosphere of thankfulness and satisfaction and content. (To be Continued.) 