WEEPm i FERRY. CHAPTER XXL —(Concluded.) BY MARGARB T L. WOODS. Author of " A Village % ragedy," '' The Vagabond," "Wild Justice " Esther Vanhomrigh," &c.;, &c.; "Bessie,"she said, in a quiet, solemn voice, "if it s you, speak to me. " A moan answered her, a succession of moans. They came from close by.. She went on a few steps towards the house, A ie lantern swinging low from her hand. Thei "e was no need to raise it and look round. IB essie was lying on the grouhd'at ber feet, agai oat old Catherine's door. The light fell full 0 n ber face as she lay almost on ber back wib 'l her head on the doorstep. Her large black hat had not quite fallen olf, because it was pa ined to her black plaits, but it was crushed and tilted away from her face. Her loug fix ' cloak had fallen open and showed her hand tightly clasped together, and her drencbei , muddy skirts, wrapped and twined about In :r legs. Her face was pale with an earthy pallor such as Elizabeth had never imagim 5d upon it, and tbere was a blucncss about In *r lips, through which the clenched teeth sh« wed. j.his was not really the thing which Elizabeth had feared aud expected to see, 31 it seemed to her that it was so exactly—th-a t she had come out in order to find Bessie 3 ke this. The nightmare foreboding was tra nsformed to a dreadful actuality, yet it still s« emed the same nightmare. She dropped on th e ground and raised Bessie's head in her arms,. "Bessie, my dear," she stao imered—"my dear, what is it? However com 1 you here?" The eyes, tight shut under the frowning brows, opened and looked up at her, dim and bloodshot. "Oh, mother I — how long .you been a- coming!" . It was the old cry of the sick child whose mother h&B; left it alone fcr a wl tile; and the old answer came, but in tones trt -muloua with anguish— " My iove, I come as soon ae «v er I could." "Take me home—I want to :eut home. But, oh, this pain—it's something awfiil!'" The cry pierced Elizabeth's body with an actual physical pang. "My poor girl?—my poor, poci - girl!" Instinctively she tried to lift .ner child in ber arms. At the same time Bessi 3 attempted to rise. With the help of the stro ug arms behind her she just struggled to lies - feet, then, with a dreadful cry, fell nearvily: against her mother, clutching at her as she it U; so, half held, half holding, she slipped on to her knees with her head against Eliza beth's hip, smothering her groans in her mot ^er's skirts and clinging convulsively round 1 , her waist. Dragging herself backwards with her burden Elizabeth took hold of the lat.r-.li and sbook the closed door violently^ but it <jn anced to be locked. She struck it with her clei achod hand, till it shook again, shrieking for Catherine." All remained quiet within. Eliza, beth felt a terror such as she had never felt- 'oefore—the angry terror of helplessness. " Darn the woman!" she cried, "I'll make her hear, for I can never carry 'ee liome." She tried to go to the window, In it could not move for Bessie clinging round heii. She tried gently to unclasp the girl's hands. " Let me go a minute, iny love, il" 'ee can't get tojwindovv. Only a minute, mj love." For a moment Bessie's hold did not relax, then all at once she slid to the cror ind again, face downwards, rolling her forehe ad on the doorstep. Elizabeth saw old Cath erine still fitting before the fire smoking now and staring into it, while behind her the candle sunk lower in the winding-sheet. Eliznba th pressed her face against the lattice in hopeu that the whiteness of it might catch the >!eav: woman's quick eye. But old Catherine smoked on. She searched vainly for a stocie among the sodden grass and cabbage - ajalka at ber feet. Large drops of uain fell on her faoe, and she heard Bussio behind moaning through her teeth like ons who struggles bravely to subdue her agony, and in subdued by it. ' The reiterated, sound was torture to the mother. Suddenly she thought of the lantern, and snatching it up, flashed it backwards and forwards across the window. Cutherine looked round with the slow surprise of old age disturbed in its reverie; took her pipe out of her mouth and blinked at the: lantern and Elizabeth. Then she put the pipe do wn on the table aud opened the door. She stood on the threshold in the wavering light that streamed trom the room within, stooping over Bessie in amazement. Once more Elizabeth put her -arms round ber ^daughter, and pushing Catherine aside, half dragged, half carried ber into the houEe. She tried to put Bessie into the beehive chaijr by the fire, but «he slipped down on the hearth-rug and buried her face in the torn cushion on -the -seat, clutching its sides till the joints of her hands showed white. And all the time she did not cease moaning. Elizabeth-piled coal on the tiny grate, and shook the kettle to 6ee that there was water in it. ^ j "Catherine," she said, coming near the candla and mouthing, make a fire upstairs, plpase; sorry to put you out, but we must stop here to-night." Catherine nodded, and began putting coal into her apron. But Bessie moaned:— "No—no. Not here; I want to get home." Her voice rose to a wail, and Elizabeth's trembled as she answered:— "Not now, lorey ; to-morrow. 'lis too wet and dark to-night. I'll go fetch father, and he shall fetch doctor to 'ee. \- Don't go away, mother—don't leave me. -Oh dear, l am so bad " I don't want to leave 'ee, my love, but there's no .one else can find things at home, and father .he can'tmake nothing of .Catherine. I won't be gone long;." Bessie uttered a sound which might have indicated resignation or re-ab?orption in that fierce struggle with physical pain which makes thought or feeling outside itself impossible. Elizabeth went out, and glancing thiough the window as she passed, saw the huddled figure on the hearthrug alone in the room. Catherine had gone upstairs. Bessie had clung to her mother while she was there, yet it was a kind of relief to be left alone with her agony. Presently Catherine came creeping down the stairs which led up straight from tbe bedroom. She came and sat on her low chair as before, only pushing it further back, and chin on hand, considered Bessie with mingled curiosity and compassion. "What's the matter?" she croaked after a while. "Why have you come home? Got into trouble, eh? eh?" . Bessie lifted her head and turned a ghastly face upon her questioner. She pointed to the tin box, which stood by itself on a high shelf, and made a motion as of drinking. , a ''The bottle,"shesaid. "The charm—the G cure for love, I took it. What was it?" r Old Catherine understood, she fell a- g trembhng. h "Oh, you fool—you fool, Bessie Vynel I M told the chap had pisoned himself. How b should I know what it was? I didn't want to M let you have it. now did I? As like as not it's M pison you've been and took." w Bessie caught the drift of her talk. C *• I didn't care," she gasped, "I thought— p let it be kill or cure." and^turned to moaning m again, her face in her arms. a Catherine chattered hoarsely to herself— g "Oh, you fool—you fool! Whoever'd ha' l thought you'd a' done it? I told her the w\bt gentleman 'ud get her into trouble, but she wouldn't mind me, aud now as like as not I shall swing for it. I see my winding-sheet coming in the candle all this evening; X knew r ifi meant no good. Whoever'd ha' thought M she'd ha' beun that silly to go pisoning herself M with it? Oh, deary me!—oh, deary me! what shall I do?" She was Bilent; then, leaning forwards and laying both hands on Bessie's arm, she said distinctly— "You won't tell on me, my dear, will you? Don't tell, there's a good girl. You swore not to, didn't you?—swore on the Book not to tell?" "I won't tell,"moaned Bsssje; "I promised ot. What's the use?" Old Catherine was silent again. She rose nd lighted a fresh candle, putting away the emnant of tbe other one. After all porhapB he winding-sheet was not for her. Presently Elizabeth returned with Thomas, ho had until her arrival been as sceptical as to the existence of her person in trouble as he had been about that of his ghost. Meanwhile Samuel from the Rectory had driven over to fetch Trvphena. Bessie allowed herself to be carried up to Catherine's bedroom. Then Thomas, who had as much affection for his youngest daughter as it was in his nature to feel for any one, hastened off to fetch the doctor. [To be continued to-morrow. ] S h B 3 bCw b E s tw a AD S c ShMsgmcfLwg 