PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "High Piny,” by Gao. Mandeville Fenn (Gao. Robertson and Co., Melbourne and Sydney).— This is a high-class fashionable novel of the conventional type, and written with all the grace end beanty of the author’s fascinating style. It is fall of incident. It ha« an ex cellent moral, not unlike that of Punch's advice to yonng men abont to marry, bat in this oase the suggestion should apply to the ladies. There are several sensational soen-s and uitnations, and the interest of the story throughout is well maintained. It is the old old story of the incorrigible roue oheoked for a time by the purifying infloenoa of a noblo and good woman, only to fall baok again into the congenial atmosphere of vice and degradation with all their attendant miseries. The heroine marries a wretoh, with a title, of oonrse, who had squandered his patrimony, out- Heroded Herod in infamy, aud waß found too weak even to resist the attractions of a mere ordinary aotresß, for whom he deserts his household and forfeits the respeot of those whose affeotion and regard be should have cherished as his life. The yoatbful paramour of tha noble lard receives a fatal kick from a horse on a raoecourae, and the hern ends his vicious career, making all the amends in his power to those whom ha had wronged by dying off while comparatively young, at the last moment sending his nnfortnnate wife a request for forgiveness. There .has 1 - been .a splendid character, a doctor, in the book, who unconsoionsly has been plnying under study for tha titled rQf&an;, and who marries his widow as soon as the conventional period of monruing has expired. The book will be read with a relish by those who favor the theory that onr old nobility are rapidly going to the dogs, and that the Hnnse of Peers requires to bo radi cally reformed, as otherwise it must ultimately degenerate into a sort of moral Augean stable that even the original Herchles would hesitate to tackle. " Real Ghost Stories,” by W. T. Stead (Geo. Robertson and Cos., Melbourne and Sydney). The lovers of that class of literature devoted to Che supernatural will find a banquet within the four oorners of Mr Stead’s book. It is written in a praotioal, matter-of-fact style, .with no approaoh whatever to the fe-fan-fnn element. If there is any bluod curdling pro duced the author is not responsible. It mast arise from the nervous temperament of his readers. He declares himself to be a firm believer in ghosts and so re iterates and emphasises his oonviotion that he leads one to en-peot that he doth, like the lady in "Hamlet,” protest too muah. It is difficult to get any new ghost stories anoh as will satisfy a colonial audience. There may be legions of spooks in this part of the world, but the regular ding-dong ghost of the Cook Lane specie-, or of the standard of those de scribed in the "History and Reality of Appa ritions” and in Mrs Crowe’s “ Night Side of Nature,” have not yet become aoolimatisad, owing doubtless to tha absenoe of old Baronial Halls, anaient chnrohyards, ruined abbeys, and dilapidated osstles. Young colonials may become startled by the sudden appearance •f an nnearthly looking visitor, bat the obanoee are that the party experi menting might find a bullet iu his midriff wheu trying on his little joke. This consideration has, no doubt, a marked in fluence in limiting the nnmber of real ghost stories in Austral latitudes. Mr Stead’s book was pnblished about eight years ago in popular form, and no less than 100,000 copies of the first edition were sold in the old oonntry. There is one thing certain, that the work should Batisfy the most exigent lover of the supernatural in relation to tales of all sorts of spirits, good, bad, and indifferent, and of matters whioh go to support the theory laid down byShakspeare about there being many things in heaven and earth abont whiah we know really nothing— a trite quotation in plain English. 