GLEANINGS. The latest employment, for women .con sists in playing music to invalids. It would seem to have been suggested by the fact that, music <li«l much to soothe the last hours of Mr, Gladstone. The employment has been taken up in America, and it is said that rtuiny women with musical abilities are earn in;; something in this way. Mrs. Clara Benck "Colby is the first woman in the United States to receive a war correspondent's pass. She is fonndeny Kil'tor, and proprietor of "The Woman's Tribune," published in Washington. In the interest of the paper she went to the front, accompanying her husband, who is a brigadier-general. Mrs. Colby was pro fcs.vur at one Ijime of Latin and Histoi-y in the University at Wisconsin, and she has studied law. The .Countess of Aberdeen is said to be, reg.irule.ss of wealth, <juite the best lady speaker. She has . made innumerable speeches during her residence in Canada as tlie wife of the Governor-General. A high compliment has been lately paid to her in the piesentation of a silver dinner service hiom the two Houses of the Canadian Par liament. ill recognition of the fact that both iii "word and. deed" Her Excellency lias rendered good sei-vica to every form of phi lanthropic work in Canada. The widow of Robert Louis Stevenson is described, by one who met her recently, as ?follows':-"Her eyes are like bldck vel vet, sombre, inscrutable, fathomless". Her face is the face of a. sphinx; her nose, is straight and Oriental, - tihere is the ghost of a dimple in her pale cheek. Her bail is as black as her eyes, thickly flecked with silver, cut short, falling in curls about her neck, and growing low about the temples. She is composed, intense, repressed in manner; she makes 110 gestures, she site in a large chair, both hands (loaded with barbaric rings) resting lightly on her arms. Her veiy attitude, again, suggests the sphinx crouching in. the desert. A good story is told of two sisters who went a-wheeling on a circular tour of three, days' duration. -~They called upon a friend about lunch-time, and at the dinner-hour found themselves at the house of another friend, whose invitation to remain the night was accepted. Next morning they re "snmed their journey, and singularly enough their arrival .at other friends' residences was coincident with the serving of lunch, or dinner, or tea. Another bed and break fast followed, and when they reached home their tjour had cost them exactly sixpence. The.v^ were questioned closely as to the specific pmp'osp to which that sum was applied. Threepence, it appears, was ex pended .in blink, and the balance was be-, stowed as a gratuity upon a gentleiuan "on the road,'"'; who kindly pumped up a deflated- ti ie, ' I The Empress. of. Germany is an excellent horsewoman, but recently die had a strong desice.to fide the bicycle. Tliis,the Kaiser would oil 110 Sccount permit,, for he consi dered it would-be.undignified for a woman in her position" to cycle. ' To make up foe this.denial, however, he has just presented her -with a splendid schooner yacht/ the lduiia. Although, its (ittings- were very, beautiful, the Emperor had the. yacht re decorated in the Empress's f'ayourite blue and-white. On /the Iduna the Empress is ?absolute mistress. Her -crew wear.white uniforms with blue bars., Under the eye of a sailing master, the Empress, .though not very fond of the sea, is studying to steer the yacht, and to direct the handling of the sails. The social side of yachting^ how ever, the giving of dinners and 1 undies, has proved Jar niore congenial to her, so far. At a recent public function, the attention of a iady^gnest was. drawn *to the roseate cheel;s> of one of the young. matrons. "Hasn't she a lovely complexion?'5 said the admirer. "Her. cheeks are certainly red," admitted the lady guest). "And .yet I aiu sure she" never uses a bit of .rouge," per sisted the admirei-. "Yet it is a suspici ously high colour,"' quoth the doubtful guest. So she resolved to approach as closely as possible to the red cheeks, and try and discover the cause of their glowing suffu sion. Pretty soon her opportunity came. She noticed the til;in was peculiarly drawn up and puckered in two geometrically correct circles, and it came to her in a flash tjhat she knew the cause. The young woman had put small :mustard plasters oiv her cheeks to i-edden tihem, and in this particular case she had left them on too long.- . . 'j he: Kings and Qv.eens of England were not always «tyied '"His'1'- "or "liar Majesty," or, after the pattern bestowed upon Vic toria-"Her Most Gracious Majesty." Henry IV. was styled "His Grace;" Henry VI., "His Most Excellent. Grace/' Edward IV., "High and Mighty Prince;'' Henry VII., "His Grace and His3Ja.iesty;" Henry VIII., "His Highness," .and afterwards, "lii* Majesty.'"' Subsequently the English Kings were styled "His Sacred Majesty.'' A story is told of the Princess Louise's visit, to the Bermudas. Tliess islands belong to Great Britain. The. islanders determined to give her a reception, and both rich .and poor made ready to do her honour. One day she was out, sketching-for, like the Oi'een and the rest of the daughters, she is foitd of sketching. She was thirsty, anil called at a cottage door for water. 'Ihe good woman of the house was busy, and refused. to go for the water. Site, of course, did not know who the Princess^ was. She was busy ironing. She was ironing a shirt for her husband to> wear at the reception of the Queen's daughter, she said. Oh, no! she could not leave that to get water lor anybody. "If you will ust me the water. ' said the Princess. "I will linish ironing the 'shirt while you are gone." So the Princess ironed the shirt while the woman fetched the water. 