KISS-IN-THE-RING RELIGION. . btrangest of toe strange septs are the , 'True Believers' of Southern Kansas. , The head of the Believers is Joab Morris, a hprss trader; One of his sons-in-law, Bohall, ib the preacher , of the seat. Another, named Darling, ; is toe master of - an 'unknown tongue,' : with whiojk he. impresses; thb ..credulous' Morris1 and Darling cannot read .or write ; Bohall can barely read. , At night the meetings are held wheh toe spirit, moves; The. men sit at one end of the L6yel, the women at toe other. The grunting pf pigi and the lowing of cows come1 to toe ear over .toe low -partition. The sermon of Joseph 'Bohall is made , up of familiar phrases caught from frontier preachers; Suddenly among top .listening worshippers James Darling juinpa to his feet—' Ri yi, how poco pc»i; ki ji, he said, as taken. down' by a reporter, and toto he rsat down-1 trembling iri every- limb; arid , shuffling arid patting his feet upon toe ground. The Holy !Ghost, speaking in the unknown, tongue,' was solemnly whis pered around and the feeling grew intense. The audience swayed '.their : bodies into unison. , as. ! Bpball resumed, his talk, r The .spirithad entaced /into the :faithfnl, rind all else was ' forgotten in thiB reflgions eostaoy. Then-; Darling; rpse! again andrinterpreted for those not blest with toe gift of the unknown tongue. . ' Be . faithful arid persevering and yon will Succeed,? he said was toe meaning of what; he - had. . said before iri7toe ; riew -tongue; arid- toe interpretation waB accepted, with prayera,. amens, arid utter belief; Then came a session; of experiences,' and each onp in turn related' how the spirit had .worked .within him arid caused hirii to do this : or that ' in the furtherance of the faith' bf the Tcne Followers. . The faithful then formed in a ofrole;-. . Two hasinri/oi water., were brought out of 7 the house. Oris was handed to toe . side of ! thp ring formed; ; oy.the women and toe /other was given -to the men. Morris .and Bohall each tied a/ towel aborit-. toefr loins and washed thair feet, .and. .thbn eaoh wa8hed; those rif tori ' perSPri'riext to theni. . That:, pMson' in turn took toe! towel and girding np his or her loins . washed the feet : of the onri . who sat next. Ibis . was/kept up until, the feet of all toe faithful had ,been washed. Then the holy sacrament was. par taken of. .. fpkeberry wine and .coarse breafl were used; . . During . all -this time- Darling broke orit opcarioHaUy , .wito's()eeQhes in the i : rinknown tongue, whichr-sppeohes he tranri- ; lated imeaediately, . They /were moptly. ex hortations. to -the faithful" to persevere, and ..promising »-futofe,hrippirite8/fo.r,:.s6 ,-,dpirig. . ' Towardfl : the end of/ the meeting Darling ! wptffd. go into fits rif -trembling and'fept shuffiing before he . spoke. -v» TTta . nervous /Bufferings seemed real/ and /toby, affected toe crowd sympatoetically . . Trie came the . /ceremony of : the ! holy, kiss. - The ' faithfril , 'stood in a circle,. men and women alternating; Each preacher kissed the Voirian ori his right - handj/theri the'nian: next to the woman, arid .so pri iroiini the riircle,' nntil they, had! kissed' eTerybody there. After too. first grit,. wefl under, way in. his . kissing tour the rieiri orie j followed, ; arid . tori soene soon resembled an pld fashioned country darice in toe figure of Igrarid chain,' or, as the callers .qped to <>n-: nourice, ' Right hand, to toe /-lady, -left hand- to !the;:jgent:j; / all/ hands roririd.' :By/ this, time toe True: Followers wereAearly in a frorizy; and. they Tsohhed, ; groaned; arid: grayed jrilorid. /After "quiet had been restored which /(Was , not . for several moments, ' Joab- Morris 'arose . with a Bible in his hand pnd began . to preach. He cannot read; but he: said he could an&wer; anv quostion about anything in it, for those who could read only knew what they read, but as ' Christ spoke through him he knew its 'meaning; Then the ' unknown tongne . interrupted Morris's vigorous preaching '-apd pounding of toe .book;. ho held in his handand thV' ki-yi- poco-po-cu-ki- yi! '.from / Darling' al strong lungs sounded . shrilly, in the" " night. The startled horses stopped munohing hay and , .the pigs ropped up.and sqqoaled; 7 Thefajtb- fm never leamedwhat the HolyGhost Jaid to them this time,, for the man who spoke jup new' "/torigaes fell into arariceimd wpprrfeffrnto ; : they/pay, /aria,:'8pmetimesi/d criiae/to /flfe/ior /many .hpure.: For some time Joab Morris ' has preached the coming /of . Christ / in.the near f uture and the wiBdom pf ceasirig worbandaeilmgUpne's.gbpdstoprripare ! for toe/great eventr; Morris is a tall,, finely- : : built man: : Dailiig, toei man who has . toe gift of toe ' nnkriown tprigue,'.is aheavyj- stopid, .and surly fellow,/ ignorant as a ; hnman b0inB could/ well' he, and/almost idiotic in ! his appearance and actions. . He has tori pojver oL/Vrorkfiig himself /into a .religious frenzy, which hlwaya fpsults' in ririconspiousnriss. . The Beljeyecs pure, or profess to enre, by the lriyirig on of hanfls. A former named George Hnffmari/ had' iwb children ill.' 7 :Both were treated iri ' this manner /and both died; .without / medical atfendance.7 A physioiari in the rieighboiirr hood says .Vhat toby; had ' chiekrin/ pox and could that they enn piok iiri -/snakes /unMrpirid; although onri has died iri tfying it. ': They olaim. toat;his faith ' was npt perfript.'" The meetings /-'df/' toe /Ttoe.FpUorirsare ; flot Mwayk .without' dramatip , ; iuciderit. ' It ig tolJ pf 6rio"whb jolnriflth'at as hri flas . about te -oi toesacrtnerit he ho ripokp the urikripwn tongue 'fprbadri/him, sayirig -the nriw/memher ;was still possrisBed of. a \- devil. "Drriat exoiteiripnT Tend' epristrifriatiori fpUowrid;;rand!.ifhe nthfe//hmbly ;tet . to work . to the deVil out7 ' After several hptosofBfldQgle.thedwJfl0 th ixayin'e thehlaojk opngregati/yeliirig at hiis heels. The devil was flnrilly trped .arid shot to. dpath with, real powdib toidhl, arid tbe phufch again !yreht into a session' in which the/cleansed brother was vllowed to partake of toe paoramerit./ The Truri fi ollowers have a /bay-nprse' ritler and a blkok-bpfsri flder. The blaok hofse goes /ahout thri. oouritiy : when it, is. hot yet' time, 'but /when/Dirost is riear pr jthe eprth/ quake is aborit 'to'come the -hay-hrirse! rider will soour the counfrjr, giving warriirig 'tp the True Followers;' ; that "they ; iriay he dri their hrieris-Wheri tori erid/fo iw)irie;',: ; / ;: ' j' 