GOULBURN ELECTION. ADDRESS BY ALDERMtAN BARRETT. ALrnnax A. C. Bannorr, National Federal oandi date for Goulburn, addressed a meeting in the Oddfellowe' Hall on Monday evening. The Mayor presided, and there waos a good attendance, thle body of the taoll being well filled. About 15 gentlemen occupied seats on the platform, and the Mayor apologised for Messrs. A. G. Finlay and S. Meyer. The Mayor, in introducing the eandidate, said thant Alderman Barrolt was a man to be admired for the candour with which hie expressed lilf opinidns, and if elected wVoild do honoiir to his city and the cblony genenlly. Alderman Barrett, who was well received, said their very crdlial welcome was encouraging. As they were all aware, he thought, it was rather a difficult task to umdertake, even in one's ol iative town, to address the electors on the political questions of the day. It was not altogether a very agreeable undcrtaking. It involved a considerable loss of tite and a very considerable loss of money, and whilst somne of his fellow townsmen appeared to have a rooted objection to his coming forward with this everlasting persistency hlie thonght they might realize this--that thicy helped by this opposition to keep the name of the city before the prople of the country, and hle was quite snre there was not an eleceor there ncho would sa- tlhat if the electors al lowed i walk-over contihully in Goulburn such a state of affairs nwas satisfactory. It would show as a matter of fact that the manhood of the city had practically died-that there was nobody game to come forward against a certain organization whichl existed in the town. (Applause.) As to the rightl of that ofganization, and as to how far it met with their approval, that of ciurse was a matter which they would decide on the 27th. iHe was always prepared to give every man credit for honesty of opiinm and for purity of motive; bet he must de tomned the same cotnsideration from those who dif fered from him. They had been in the habitfor the past 25 or 30 years of returning their own re presentative. They had returned men--lhe opposed one of them on two occasions--who were both natives of the town; and they had alvay s mann.ged to return the elector they desired by a good thumpimnig mtajority. ie thought they were going to do the same this time. He wase not going to enter into iany discussion of the rights or wrongs of the candidates before them at the present moment. Speaking of the gentleman who addressed them there the other night he could only say that he appeared to be a man of good parts, a man who came here with a first-class reputation, and he was very pleased indeed to find that that was the case, because hlie was quite satisfied that no man dif ferently appointld-if he might put it that way would receive any consideration at their hands. THE QUE?10IO OF -IE DauY. It appeared to him we were about entering on a fight that would settle, at any rate for the next quarter of a century, thie good or the ill of Aus trata. It would sattle the possibilities of Aus toalia's advancement. It would enable the country either to make a leap of twenty years ahead of what we know of things at the present time, or it would end in keeping us back in the miserable state in which we found the country to-day. (Applause.) Understand in speaking like that he was not mak ing any attack on any particularrparty either in the country dr in the town; but he simply said that the state of affairs as existing in New South Wales was according to his opinion not a strictly satisfac tory one. It might be to the Colonial Treasurer his revenue might be coming in, but what about the revenues of each private individual in the com nmunity? Ihe question of federation, though it might appear to some rather tiresome, since it had been bandied about for eighteen months, wtis not an old one, and yet in some respects it was an old one. They might go back to the days of that old battler for the people, gDr. Jolin Dunmorm Lang, and we found that great man had a glimmering of the future before the people. . He came to the conclu sion that if the people of Australia watched their interests carefully this southern continent would ultimately develop into the greatest power on earth. Tihat was in their honds to-day. Dr. Lang had passed away, but hIe woas followed by others, and ho thought he might claim that most notable amongst them was Sir George Grey-(applause) ino of tie staunchlest and most determined fighters for the rights of the people thatt he thought Aus tralia had ever produced. This great old man endoesed the opinions expressed by Dr. Long, aid the only thing that troubled Sir George Grey was this-that in framing a constitu tion for the people of Australia we should be sure we got a constitution which would allow for the free development and the free extension of the national ausirations of the Australian people. After the bill of 1891 Sir George Grey expressed the opinion that with two. slighlt alterations the bill would be absolutely suitable for the purioses re quired; and it seemed, after allthey had heard on federation, a most singular thing that they could turn back a matter of two and a half years ago and find -that some of the gentlemen- who quite recently had taken up a very determined'atti tude against the 'S98 bill were quite prepared to enderce, with two or three trivial nlterations, the bill of 'l91. Included namongst these hlie could men tion the hon imember for I-lay, eMr. James Alshton, Mr. F. E. IMcLoin, now tplaying a prominent part in Syduey, aind a number of others, includinglir. Milles. These gentlemen at various times ex pressed a very high opinion of thlt '91 coivention, and notwithstanding tll the curses that had been levelled at it since, simply because we had seed our way to getting ain improved measure, but which, through a cowardly trick, which had been a slap in the f0ce to democracy, had been defeated-these goutlemen thought it worth their while on the public platform, in the press, and in the House of Pairliament to express ai vrc- high opinion of the 'S1 convention. NO-TkESIS?[, It had been said in connection w-ithl this question of federation or no federation there lhad been a good deal of no-yesism, and one gentleman lhad been singled out for nearly all the objurgation hy one side of the people of this country-the Right Hion. G. H. Reid ; but don't imagine for a moment that MIr. Reid is entitled to all this kind blessing. There were a good many others nnmasquerading -bo fore the people as the only true democrats who thought a fewo years ago that the bill of '0t was a psrfectly satisfactory measure, but were now taking a diferent tone altogether. A good many people had come to tihe conclusion that it was not a ques tion of federation or one bill altogether, but that thlese gentlemen did not want any kind of federa tion. (Applauise.) And he thought they would find in the long run that he was not far out when tie said that a good many of these professeional poli ticians and these papers which were entertaining the people with fairy tales of the awful things that were going to happen under the bill of '95 did not want any kind of federation. (Applause.) He could bring witnesses on the platform. Hie could convict these gentlemen out of their mouths. Even in Goulburn some of the men whlo said they were very staunchi federalists but they were not goinmg to vote for the bill said privately they did not want ainy federation at all. The people had made up their minds that federation must be the burning question to-day. (Applause.) In common fairness these gentlemen should come forward and state eoactly what they.want. There should be no mniore uhooting from behind the lhedges The people did not want long, dull speeches ; they wanted to know if these men were genuine. rPOcESSIOsNAL POLI?TICIANS. A number of professional politicians would lose the number of their mess as soon as federationa was accomplished-they would have to look for anoth-r job. (Applause.) There might be some patriotic enough to consider every side of the question; but they must not forge: that once they got a man into that position, drawing his £6 a week lwhether he worklis or not, whether lie attends the House'or not, this develops into a j6b, and that was ode of the points that threatened the democracy of the future. That was one of the points -the people would have to carefully consider in .the future-as to how far this game could go. SIR Hanc.1Y Pra?is. Thero was another name he thought should be mentioned before any Australian audience, and that was the name of Sir Henry .Parkes. (Applause.) A few years ngo it was his privilege to stand in that bhall aud listen to that fine old man giving his opinion on federation. At that time it was by no means a burning questiono, and a good many did not bother to come and hear him; it was not a question of frectmdo and protdetion, and they wcre not taking any. Not withstanding all the brilliant speeches thoy had heard since, none in his opinion was more practical than that of Sir Henry Parkes. He showed the possibilities of union, also the dangers of disunion, and it was rather remarkable to find in 189I5 no less a personage than lIr. Joseph Cook, thie present Fostmastor-Generol-a man who, he considered, should have been ashamed of himself to get up be fore an audience and say such a thing-saying that Sir Henry Parkes had played the war bogey for all it was worth. ri. Cook might be one of those immaculate gentlemen lwho could tell them whether there would be war hin tenor fifty years; buthe did not think he was. He might be titted to take charge of the deftence arrangements; but they did not think so, and hlie (Ir. Barrett) swa quite prepared to have the opinion of Sir HIenry Parkes, out of re spect for his long experience as a statesman, and say on that point alone federation was a thing dint the people of Australia should attach their appioval to. It was all ve-ry well for men like John IHaynes, who made a circus show of tie great cause of federation, to cay there was eo dmnger of waking lp eoi5 monling and discovering owe belonged to Chiuna, Russia, or France. Thia question had been practically admitted by no less an authority than the Lord of the Admiralty in the old country when thcy said that In the event of England being en gaged in any serious matter in the Pacific we would bopractically left to depend on ourselves. People had their interests to consider. Mr. Haynes might not be prepared to fight and he would not blame him for it-he was not fond of fighting himself. VWhen they considered the treatment meted out to Sir Henry Parkes they found that the pre.esent so called federal government was the fir-t to turn round and endeavour to roend the old man like a dingo mangling a lamb. They wouldhave thlought it was the very least complimseot thlis government could have paid him to allow him to retaio his sent; but no less a personage than the Mon. Jacob Gar mael went night after night end worked hard to keepithe man whom theymight claim to be the practical founder of federation out of a seit. They were successful, because then the electors lhad not displayed the great federal spirit they had since forced upon thepoliticians whether the:y liked it or not. (Applause) The result was that Sir Hensy Parkes closed hIis political career, and whatever assistance he might have been able to give to the cause of federation was lost, and the question was delayed a few years longer. (The speaker paid a high compliment to the federation address delivered in Goulbun by thle Rev. Dr. Bevan, and also spoke in oeulogistic terms of an address delivered ait the Bathurst Coniontion by the Rev. Professor Gee well, of IMelbournec) That gentleman was still fighting for the good cause, but as hlie Ihappened to be a Victorian he might be one of thlose wolves who were trying tb get at the pockets of thle people of New South Wales. He did not think so. THR OLN. E. A.B.TON. They now came to ano her who had played a con spicuous part and whoso name he regretted to say had been pretty freely and pretty badly dealt with in New South Wales by some-the HIon. Edmund Barton. (Cheers.) Mr. Barton ever since his appearance in public life claimed to have a por fectly clean record. (No.) It did not require any testimony from him. Ho was a min of great oratorical powers, and had succeeded in forcing the Govenrnment of New South W?ales to bring this question to the front. (Applause.) Anid Mr. Barton, he believed, was the man who wos going to carry the federilbanner to the front in New South Wales. (Renewed applause.) He did not think there was a man whio would be ashamed to point to the leader if Mr. DBarton was the man. A man of grenter ability could not be found in the southern hemisphere. (Applause.) A man mnore fitted to carry out the work it would be ihnpossiblo to find. Mr. Barton had been maligned of late by Mr. John Want and thie present Premier. They had been led to believe that Mr. Barton had an opportunity at one time to cnrry the federal flag to the front. lIe could produce witnesses, but lie did not wish to weary his audience, from almost every one of his enemies to show thlt notwithstanding thie great pains that Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. BDrton went to in 1891 and 1892 to galvanize federative into life it was prac'ically impossible for them to uo so, because the people had not been educated on the question. All great questions lilke this grew slowly. Mr. Barton took the question up, and he and others trvelled about the country and explained it,(and he thought the people would admit hlie had done more than any other to put them in possession of the facts. (Applause). TnE PnerEnE. Thdy now came to another who hlid posed as a leader, and was anxious to obtain the support of the people as leader, Ibut the proof of the pudding was in theo eating. IoHe referred to Mr. Reid. (Cheers.) He hoped those gentlemen did not think lie referred to Mr. Reid as a pludding, because hle did not. (Laughter.) He thought they would say Mr. Reid's record was not a very good one. It was all very well to say that in '91 and '92 Mr. larton colrd have done this, that, and thie other; but Mr. Reid had had all the advantages of the men who had gone before him in educating the people. (A voice: Ho is only jealous). Tliat had been echoed by a good many others. If lr. Reid had been absolutely sincere in his desire to see federation accomplished on Juno 3rd hlie could have carrieid it. (Applause.) It was absolutely degrading to the people to find their Premier travelling about the country in the position of a great yes-no to find the Prime MIinister saying " This isn't a good bill;: it isn't a bill that will conserve the interests of New South Wales: but I'm going to vote for it." What was the meaning of that kind of trimming? In private life MIr. Reid is considered one of the bestof men ; but on a question like this, vitally afftecting the people, we expected sometbhing better than this paltering. He could expect a muan who had taken part in framing a bill to say it was a good one or a bad one; but not to say it was i good bill auda bad bill both. Mr. Barton had been taunted into saying that fir. Reid was asleep threeo paris of the time that the Convention was titting in Melbourno, iand that was the reason he was not able to put some of the ideas he now asserts he had in his head in tihe bill. Mr. Reid before he left the Convention was very complimentary to everybody around, and more particularly to the man he had been opposing very bitterly, the Hon. E. Bart.on. (Applauise.) That appeared to him another.manifestation of the yes-no principle. If fr. Barton slas a good man, then what was thIe matter with him now' So withi t.tessrs. O'Connor and Wise. Another thing regret table was to find thie Premier bringing this quectiot down to the level of an' attack on another grceat citizen. That was not the attitude that the late Mr. Gladstone tookl up in dealing with great questions -he stood on principle. Not only had the attitude of the Prine Minister been bad, and li he thought that had been conceded by 90 per cent. of thie papers, what could they say abhiot the gentlemen who sat with him P TOOE MtoSTROY. Two or three of them were manly enough to come forward and give their adherence to the bill. One was ?Ir. Carnlthers. He had since fullen into line with Mr. Reid, and practienally took back all hIo said. In the case of some of the others they did not come off the rail. He thought the people were entitled to fair, straight out speaking on this great question from the Cabinet. (Applause. A voice: What about the Opposition?) A good many members of the Opposition had been fighting the cause ol federa tion all along. Sonme members of the Opposition swho opposed federation-or rather opposed the bill- but had since fallen into linue with MIr. Barton, weremct and welcomed and carried about Goulburn by the very men who to-day were opposing him and op posing the protectionist section of the communsity. (Applause.) T?HE sOUBnURT FEDEBAL LEAGUE. A few weeks ago c number of theseo gentlemen told them that when tie Goulburn Federal League brought the Prime Minister to Goulburn they fell in. He had had to make thie same statement before and it might be as well to repeat-if these gentlemen would accept an honest denial, which they did not seem inclined to-- that the Goulburn Feden League did not invite the Premier here. (Applause: Mfr. A. Norman: They did not choose you either.) He was very proud to say in answer to that very quiet interjection from the ghost of North Goulburn (great laughter and applause) that the Goulbumr Federal Leagcue did choose him, and so did the Sydney Federal League.. (Renewed applause.) He seas not so egotistical as to say they could not h'cve g1 a better man-he was perfectly satilfied that in Goulburn alone they could have got fifty better mcen. He was u.nt one of tho*se who expected that when hie got on this platform they should fall down ?nd worship him. He hicd not reached that stage yet, and he hloped to God he never wonld; but thcey knew there was a certaini ittle section in the com munity who said-" You shold not eact that way when we put up a man and dangle him on a string you should taks your hats off and worship him." (Applause.) He was too. much of a democrat to swallow that kind of stuff. In connection with the question of federation there was one little point that must come home to the minds of all. Mr. Reid had a listinot mlderstanding with thie other Premiers hbat the minimum for the referendum should in Now South Wales be h,);00. Such a handicap lie iloped would never again be put on any measure submitted to thie people. The matter wn-as suddenly snatched out of the Ihands of the people by a con temptible crowd supposed to be the ropresentatives of the people, thie imcesr being raised nearly 50 per cent. more. (A voice : That wasn't three-fifths.) There was no man calling himself a democrat would defend that proceeding. He could understand a Parliament composed of Tories doing it; but lie could not undestand a Parliament elected on a liberal franchise doing it, and he sincerely hoped that these gentlemen would bo made to suffer on the 27th. (AppIcuse.) When we found a Parliament prelnpared to do a thing like that behind thie backs of theb people we found we hiad not advanced much during tihe last fifty years. They could by that means poretically sticle the right of free speech. Take that meeting and say there were 500 people there, and it was pro posed that a vote of confidence could not be can-ied unless 300 voted for it. He fancied they would chase the man making the proposal out of tie hall. (Interruption.) Some of the aUleged democrats that were so very plentiful in Goulburn were quite pri pared to swallow it and say you can't rush into a question of this kind without safeguards. That n-was an old Tory game-any amount of safeguardo. Supposing the cry was raised that the principle df one man one vote was not a very safe tling, and a referendum was proposed, and their Tory-democratic Government stipulated that unless 100,000 persons voted (and this very proposal wasn made in conne lion with the federal referendcml) tlie bill shocldI becomeo inoperative. The pcoll!o Ihad been so crreless that thley allowed this thing to pass and these people to come on tihe platform without insulting them and hooting them off the place. It was only a fewe years ago that Mr. Barton voted for and obtained. tihe great privilege of one man oae votel(applause), and some memcers of the community w-cre alrea:dy prepared to palter with it. The attitu-se take I up by the Cabinet in cJonnection with federation during the past few days was altdgether a curious oce, and if a man happened to take up a paper of last n-week and this week, and a month ago, and saw thle different statements of Mr. Reid it was difficult to understand clearly what hIro was reading. FEDErnATON OF AILWATS. Within a few months Mr. Reid had expressed three different opinioni on the question of federalis nag the railways. If a man was driving cattle and had not seen a newspaper for a monthl he might think in voting against the federalising of thie rail ays hlie was voting with Mr. Reid, and theu find he was not. MIr. Reid had conceded that existing railways might be taken over, but the rights of construction to remain with the States. (Mr. Barrett hero read somne cormnents from a paper which he said the democracy had a great deal to thank for. The extract stated that Mr. Rleid in thie Convention voted for equal State representation, dnd bdth spoke and voted for the three-fifths majority.) It was very hlrd to find oit lihat MIr. Reid really did believe in; hlie thought thie only thing he believed in was retention of power. Hle (thle speaker) was against the federalising of the railways. (Appluise.) T?e federal party haid quite enough on its sooulders in carrying oslt the system as laid down in the bill without going into these weighty matters. Mo was in favour of the consolidation of tihe debts, That was a different matter, because the whole of thie busines.s was practically done on paper. With regard to the railways, were they pirepared to con cede the same iunber of Commissioners as at present; or was it proposed in amulgasmating the whole system (iu fact it would be absolutely neeseoary to do so) to place the hiole under one head. It might be contended with a great aimount of truth that there would be a great saving in the salaries; but they woudld be compelled to create a number of other officers, so that there would be practically no saving under that hea'. In regard to the debts, it had been estimated that by con solidatiorn saving of something like £6t00,000 per annum might be broughlt about, and in that alone enough might be saved to run the whole machine, and we might just us well oefect that saving and spend it on our own form of Government as pay it to moneylenders in thie old country. With regard to thie capital, he thought it nmust have struck every thinking man thait no matter where tie federal capital would be placed Sydney would always practically be the capital of the Commonwealth. (Applause) By hlier magnificent harbour alone she must alwsays be thie capital. She was on the eastern seaboard, the side that contains the greatest wealth and the best of the land. On that point alone the peo)p!e slhuld be satisfied to accept-he was going to say ialmost any Echueme of fedenration, but he wotldd say any reasonable scheme. TIIE nO BILLS. Gentlemen who pointed out tllat the bill of 1891 was withl the exception of one or two si ght defects a perfectly satisfactory measure would not accept ihe bill of 1898, a more liberal measure. At the Bathur.t Convention, which he (thu speaker) attended as a representative of Goulburn, Mr. Millcn fought manfully for thme alterations tlhat were made in the '91 billby the Convention. Practically the whole of these alterations and improvements were in tihe bill of '98, and yet 2Cr. Millen was about the country opposing the measure. At that Convention the questton of an elective Senate was dealt with, and lie (3Cr. Barrett) voted in favour of it. (Applause.) So long nas they had a bill whichl provided for the election of miembers of both Houses, no matter what defects there might be in it tihe remedy was in their own hands. The '98 bill was brought hinto existence by some of thie greatest democrats of Australia, ircluding Sir George Turner, Mr. C. C. Kingston, and ir. Holder, a tradesman like himself, but one of thie ablest treasurers that ever snat in the South Australian Parliament. He regretted very much that the so called democrats of New South Wales, sheltered behind their Parliamentary wall, were cowards enough to rob the people of thalt great measure, It was all very well ti say thisy would get a better bill; but they had no gunmaratee of thie man into wlhose hands it would fall. MIR. BARTON'S A'ENDMENTS . (The speaker read from one of Mr. Barton's opeeches, giving the amendments which he would strive to make, viz., the substitution of a simple maijority for thie three-fifths majority, thie omrission of the Biaddon blot, arid the condliiion that the capital should be in Nerr South Wales.) in regiard to the Breddon blot, it had been asserted that the people of New South Wales were to be taxed from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet, iand, although three-fourths of thie money so collected was to be returned to thie State Trea surer, it was asserted that thie people of thie colony would obtain no benefit whatever from the money that was returned. Thie man who made such a statement made ai s'atement tlhat was an insult to the intelligence of thie people of New South i'ales. They mnight just asr well sray tlhat when they put a man in thie position of Colonial Treasurer they gave hirm the full run of thie Treasury. (Applause.) He said it wias a malicious and wilful misstatement, because thie people of the country would compel a Treasurer to deal with'the money in a way thot would relieve the backs of the people of taxation in otherdirections, and vet they had papers arud people in New South Wales comiug forward and telling them such a tiring would not be done. They crried the thing as far as thev dared, and then left it to be implied that we would be robbed of the money. They did not tell the people that it could be applied to paying thie interest on thie national debt. They tried to b ind the people as to every good paint in tihe bill, aind made it ar black ras possible. They took good care to put the big end of the opera glass to the people's eyes to show what a small thing federation was. Such actions were only in kteeping with the minds from which they emanated. Such gentlemen were not prepared to accept federation because it was too big and too good a thing for them. They wished to perpetuate their little pro vineialisms, and did not wish the people to go ih for time grander thing of making a nation. SOME PROOF3 Ho tholught it was only right, after making so many assertions on thle subject, that hd should substantilate tllem nfrom tile pub'io records of the country, and he would proceed to do so. (MIr. Barrett quoted from a speeclh made by lar. J. C. Noild in 1895 on tIe obstinacy of ltr.. Reid to show tlhat even at that stage h, displayed a marked dislilke to federa tiont.) He added that he believed that dislike was continued up to tihe present day. It appeared that lIr. Reid had always been facing both ways on the question of federation. Ho also read an extract from a speech by lir. lcDona!d, member for Coonamblo, in 1895, in which he said if it were a question of taking the bill or no federation he would vote agoinst it, and y-et MIr. McDonald was before thle people to-day as one of the very best federa tiomnsts. ir. McDonald was simply re-echloing the sentiments which he (lIr. Barrett) believed still actuated tile labour members in Parliament. He believed the labour ps:rty had misread the signs of the times, and thlat the people were opposed to their ideas on federation. io thought it was pretty freely asserted thlat tlhe gentleman who composed the labour party were so offended because they were not elected to the Convention that they were determined to wreck federation at all hazards, and he believed there was a great deal of truth in the statement. N'ow ie would like to give themrn two or thlre opinions given on different points by Mr. Reid on different occasions. (Interruption, and a voice: Give us your own.) Ho could give them hIis own opinion, but they must remnember lie Ihad not been in power, and-they had to convict tile Reid party out of their own mothsl ; consequently hle had to take the statements of those gentlemen and submit them to the people for their judgment. That was lwhy he was contesting thela Goulburn election, because he said thloso gentlemen had not dealt fairly vwith the people, and therefore ha ought to be allowed to condemn them out of their own mouths. Was thlat unfair . (Applause, and a voice : WVlhy don't you tell us something about lar. Barton ?) Hie woiuld tell them what lar. Reid said about MIr. Barton. At the close of the Convention, when lar. Barton sttod with the tinished bill in his hands, Mlr. Reid said hI wished to pay a special tribute of admiration to the loeader of the Convention, and also to Mr. R. E. O'Connor, but recently he turned quite rosund and accused 3lr. Barton, lIr. O'Connor, and ir Wise with having formed a counspirancy to mislead the people of this cohlny. One of those statements mustt beo wrong, and which one was it . Wras it thile one expreosed at the close of the Convestion, or thb subsequent one when Mr. Reid swas fighting for his very life ? Mr. Reid expressed one thing to-day and another to-morrow, and lie was at a loss to nudertand hIow any one coauld ask thle people to vote for hina or any of hIis supporters. Probably, later on, Ihe would find some good reason for dropping federation altogether, and if the people were going to con tinually accept that sort of thiling, then he said it was quite good enough for them, but Ihe did nost tlsik the democracy of Noew Southl Wales would allow thlat sort of thing to continua any longer, and that they were going to choose a leader who would deal honourably and straightforwalsll wit th the question. (Applause, followed by interruption, which caused thie ayor to appeal to the audience to give the speaker a fair hearing.) Ho made no complaint whatever about the interruption, because he knew he n-as trampling on the tender susceptibilities of some of hIis audience, because in Goulbunn a greast manyi of those gentlomen did not think for them selves. It appeared to him that theoy left that ex clleutlittlopaper, the Penny Post, to thlink for them--(applase)-and they absolutely refused ts exercie the powers which providence gave them. He did not blame the Penny Post. If thler got every mau in Goulburn to think as they did so much the better for the Peany Post, but it was the duss of every imanu to express his views as a man. Ifs would give his own opinions at the close, but lie would now read to them thle opinions of one of the most respected residuent·s in Goulburn, a man wnlom hae highly honoured, but who did not care ts como before them on that platfonrm. That gentle man ha Id summed up the position in a few words, and, considering the position he held amongst thdm, iis opinion was entitled to some weight. (ltr. Barrett then read the exthct amidst cries of "Give o? his ainem," "Is that poetry yeou are readingF' etc ) Mr. Barrett proceeded to say that (li man who wrote that oplinion had been one of Mr. Reid's stauncheest supporters since lhe came into power, but he declinaed to follow him further. lie WOIOULD SINK TIIE FISACL IB?UE. An attempt had been made to mlake the people of Goulbutin believe that the election was not being conducted fairly and equnarelh, and tie assertion hnd been ilde veye frequently thlat the fiscal ques tio e was intrudiag itself into tie fight. Ite wished to give that a most emphatic denial. 11 woald ivts thies his word of honour us a man in ansking for their sutlfrages that he nwas prepared to follow in thi lines of Mfr. Burton, and in donsg so he accepted thie positioii laid down by ?Mr. Barton in his mani festo that the fiscal qtcusuioni shouild be left in abey ance. lie would countenance no attempt to rtct.ve it during the Parliament. He had never paltered with ain: opinioin le held, and he was before them in thle interoste of federsion and federation only. (Applause). cai nE ueP tEc DEcOrE Tnnczc. They could understand that he woao not very much struck on thle loatsifiol of a Parliamentary represntatiive. (A voice: £i lier ";ek.) No it was not, and probalhl,that geuthliian woftlld be the first, if hle were oelected, to come and ask himi foi at guinea for his football elub. HIe could asaure them of lthis fact that in some of thle electorates not far from Goulbunr the nmembcrs had spent absolute;y tilhe wholel of their salaries in the endeavour to hold their scats. It was a stningo statement to make, but hIe hlaid had it on good authlority. In being a Parliamentary candidate a man had to sink too much of his oan individuality in favour of hisi con stituents to make him covet the position. Should he be elected and they found at ainy tine that he was betraying the interests of the people all they had to do was to call upon him to resign and they would have his resignation within 10 hours. He came before them because lie objected to the way in which the great question of federation was being treated. They had too many political buffoons and palterers coming before the people and had too many professional politicians, but in saying that lie wans tanking no attack on Mtr. Ashton, who was a matn with a clean record. He would like to point out that it Ihad been frequecntly asserted that he had not the same ability as a speaker as Mtr. Ashton, but he woutld rcnmind them that ir. Ashton haId hand five yeart' start of him. (A voice: And he'll have five yeard more.) We!l, if he was as good a man as his party made himnt out to be he sincerely hoped Ie would have five years more. IOE IOECOO) OF TIE OOVEONLENST. ie would now like to thrn to the record of the past Government during the last thlree years. Three years ago, when the Government obtained the con rdence of the country, this electorate returned one of its supporters, a young man in whom every one had the utmost contldence, and the man did his duty well in supporting the Reid Government. As to the way thie Government had fulfilled their promises they had simply to look to their record siuce 1895, nd it should be remembered that they had majority of 40 at their backs. They were returned pledged to carry out Upper House reform, but it 0as as far off as ever. Hod tlhey any right to trust Reid any longer ? n In his peech at Bathurst Hr. Reid had suddenly discovered that the "old fossils" in the Upper House had done good service snd he woluld deal very gently withll tshem instead of turning them out in a body, as the democracy of thle country 'ideomanded, and giving tihe people an elective Upper House. There was another question which Hr. Reid promised to see carried out. He salid, when leading the Opposition, thlat if he were returned to power in 14 days lhe would swipe out the unemployel question. Hr. Reid was still in powner and the unemployed still congregate in thousands in Sydney, and if not thlere, were to be found in the Beogan Scrub or thie COntennial Park. Hr. Reid Iad spent thousanads supon thousands of pounds of thle people's nonoy in providing those unfortunrate men wilthlshlelter and relief wvorks, and that was how tihe question hIad bheen dealt with in Sydney and was being dealt with at the puesen't moment. Dr. Hollis hIad occasion to ask why it was thait bodies of unemployed men were being sent to Goulburn by the Govermnent when there were plenty of unemployed men here already. Hr. O'Reilly had told Mr. Reid.that when hie went into power 18 months before num bers'of men nwere receiving 12s per day who were then only getting Is 6d sL day. Tlhat was the way the question Ihad been dealt with by Mr. Reid and hIis Government, Hsen like Mr. Sleilth, Hr. Sohey, and Mr. W. M. Hughes (one of thle ablest of the labour party) had frequently waited on iMr. IReid and appealed to him in the name of common humanity to do something for the unfortunate, staring wretchles about Sydney, and his answer -was-" Give these men fossieking passes to any where and ever-where aslong as you get them out of Sydney." Ir. Reid then proudly referred to the fact thlat so imany more men were engaged in mining, but he knew s-evoral of themn hald fos sicked their way to Victoriea oa their passes and were now w-orking in Helbourne, and there were many men -who were now working in and around the Goulburn and Braidwood districts for the mag nificent wages of Ts per week. Thlere was another thing in which the Government had brokenr their promises. Hir. Reid promised to introduce simultaneously with hIis land tax proposals a Local Government Bill. The land tax hiad been brought in, but the Local GovernmenttBill was just as far off as it was 25 years ago. 5?lE EIJN PEBT. Nose they cameto a question that seriously affected the interests of every working man in the country. He referred to the Aliens Resatriction Act. Mr. Reid went all the way to tile old coutry to conasider that question, but it was not settled yet, Just as Parliament was expiring Mr. Reid suddenly thought of that unredeemed pledge, and ihe endeavoured to nrush the thing through, but had he done it in a satisfactory fashion ? He did not think so. They lhad only to look tI their ownc town to see some of our iimported gentlemen to the nnmbcr of 25 hoesed in one dwelling. TWas that the sort of thing they wasmtod in ac white man's country ? Their precious Government could not find time to attend to a festering sore like that. It meant that these aliens wnould be taking the white man's occupationam by-and- bye. In thie course of a little time the people would find them opening up all along the street, and instead of a caradise for thie white man it would become the iparadise for the alien, and wages would come down to starvation rates. These men were also intro ducing a certain class of literature which was of a character to warrant them being horsewhlipped out of the country. The Government of the C'ape hIad taken the matter in hand and dealt with it in a strighltforward manner. Theoy did not hesitate to think whether these maen were British subjects or not. They decided that thie presence of such people affected thie white race in a projudicial manner, and thl y took the very earlietst elps to remedy it. He believed in absolute protection from such pests, but they wanted a stronger Government than Mir Reid Ihad lshown them to deal with questions of that kind. (A voice : You can't get it ) Theoy could get it, notwithstanding the assertion of MIr. G. H. Daniel, who was not everybody. They wocld get it on thie 27th. (Uproar, and a voice : You made a mistake ) He was ready to apologise if ho made a mistake, but he knew that MIr Daniel was ready to throw a half brick at hIim if he got the lchane. THE PUBnLIcC SERVICE. Tihere was one thing concerning thie railway service whlich he wished to refer to, and that was the rela tions between employed and unemployed. He be lieved in an alteration being made by which tice Ihumblest man In the service would receive the same right to be heard in case of complaint as the highest official. In carrying out reforms they were liable to go a good deal further than thee intended, and a good deal further tihan justice demanded, and, as far as he could ascertain, that was what had oc curred in thie reform of ridding.our public service of thie old political patronage and putting it oc a diffrent footing. Under the circumstances some tiinig like that sagugested was needed, atnd he believede if Ir. larton were seccessfulitcc thc 2Sth hle svoueld be prepsared to bringin ameasaure of thist kind Ansotller matter whicil required atten tion was that members of Parliamsent who did not attend to thleir duties in the House should not be allowed to draw their pay just the same. If Mr ItcMillan or any one else felt inclined to take a trip to the old country he had no right to draw his pay for tchat period. Hsow GOULBUSe HAD nEEN TREAED. He w6uld like to say a few words in regard to tie treatment which had been meted out to Goulburn in tihe past, and in making such remarks he wished it to be distinctly understood that he did not wish to impute any neglect on the part of Dr. H?ollis, because when a man was lying ill they could not expect him to give thie same attention as a man in good healts could give; but they fre~lcoatly lead proncises from different mecbers of tlie Ucabiuct that notwithstanding Dr. Hollis'a illness tile wants of the city on thie whole would be attended to just as well as if he were in attendance at the House. te theought it was time tile people looked that question up. He would like to draw their attention to matters which had occurred in that respect. Some time ago tile Government agreed to spend £30,it00 in laying tlie teiplephohbetwcca Sydney, Newcastle, JBathurst, aced Goulburn. Newaestlo send Bathuret ailready enjoyed the priviloege, and hie supposed Goulburnl would csme in in tile sweet by-and-byo. lie wautedc to know why Goulburn lwavos camo etd on tie progr:nesmme. (A voice: N 2fl lure o D1r. uIollim.) Then Sir. Gacrnrrd ealcce eere assd acid he hald thie ipapers ready for transfer fromn tle Lands D).plcrtmnent of a site for thie Technical Collrge, bat ramehoi of other the Lands De)cpart munt refused tile t:eansfer, and Hr. Garrard hlad not tlocught fit to cenns and bpy out another spot for the college. SIow differenlt was the treatment which Bathurst received. It had a maguificent college, costing over £7000. Mc wnnted to kmow no a citizen why snch trecatmeont should bo continually meted out to Goulburn Wihen the Government were distributing their unemployed money to the muniipolities Goulburn got £100, and a little plaic like Cosma reveived nas much, while oome munci-' pslstseso orerented by Ministers got as much no, .?100. Me asked thleon sons that the kind of treat-' ...nt t!hey were prepsied to put nil, .itl for Gol-" born. WhleIn lhoy nsked oi' a paltry £61 to nssibt in the erection of a banfnds d thbey could not get even that. HIe could not inderetand their going down on their knee and letting tho Govern ment or any Government nomince jumpon thnm. CONCLUSION. Tarning to federation, hlie thought that every mrm in tle community wees prepared to dub himself ra fPdcrationist, ndehse believed that every mans honestlv believed that federation would be a good! thing for these colonies and haind no particular wislh to ee any further barriers raised between the diffesent colonies. That being the ease it was not a.. question of fesleration or no federation, but they had: to make their chlolca between the two candidates for Icaderslship. Which of these two men wern they going ho trust. (Cheers for Bartsn and counter eoecra fcsr Reid, Ihonora being easy.) Ho did not vish to judge Mr. Itid Ilsrslr, but considering his record for thle past three years lie asked them could thev tresst hlirss nisy Issusger (Cries of yes and no.) 13.st ecviil supposing tihl peoplo of Ness South WaVls dcmaud for ii time eliot Str. Reid .qiosld retire he beliered thee woold lltinemtelv creste II v¢er much better place'for Ihim in tele Fesersi Parliement; end hlie eincerely trusted thle day was not far distaWt when they would see every able man in Anstralea .atslred tobgether in that onle House, legislating sr the swhole of the naltion. There wos aglorions future for the country if the people were true to their principles and not ledt away by paltry ories. e would say thlt if tee woret i1s opponents ould brchsl against hibus wo that if elected on the 27th hlie would probably get a swelled head, he was entitled to their consideration. (Uproar and interruption.) Its the interests of thel great cause of fcderltion hle said It was not safe to trust IMr. Reid-(interruption)-iand appieanled to them to put their trustin Mtr. Barton. (On remming his ceat Mtr. Barrett was applauded, but towsards the clore of his speech sie wias frequently interruptel..) 2Ir. Tisomos : I thsinsle you said that Mr. Reid voted for tile three-fifths majority. Have you seon.thi oflicial tanusardl of the COmnvention ? slr. Barrett: No. MIr. Thomas: Do you not know that on Mr. Higgins' amendment for a bare majority the vote was as follows:--3Messrs. Barton, WVise, and O'Connor against, and IMee.rs. Reid, Carruthlers, and Brunker for it? (Applause.) Mr. Barrett : All I can oiy is that either MIr. Thomas is wrong or the official llansard io wrong. Nt. Thomas: Did I understand you to say that the Reid Government did not introduce a Local Government Bill ?' Do you not know that -the bill was introduced by the Government, and thrown out by Mr. Lyne, your own lcader ? Mer. Barrett : If he never got anything harder than that to answer he would hane a very easy job in political life. It was on old assertion, and had been put in Mr. Thomas's mouth by some of the palpers. (Uproar, and a voice: "You hlve read a good many extracts from papers to- nighlt.") They must not forget that Mr. Lyne was in a minority of I0, and how could aman in that position do aus hlie liked. Mr. Astbury: If elected will you try and change the fiscal policy? Mr. Barrett: I thlought I had already answered thalt question whien I read the declaration made by MIr. Barton, and perfectly agreed with every line of it. M~Ir Kerr moved that Mr. Barrett was a fit andi proper person to represent the Goulburn con stituency, and tihe motion was seconded by Mr. C. A. Walker and supported by Mr. J. T. Walker. The meeting became very lively at this stage. On the motion being put about 10 hands were put up in favour of it, and none against it. The meeting broke up with three ringing cheors for Mr. Ashton, followed by comunter .cheers for Mr. Barrett. 