The Peculiar Difficulties of Our Church Work in Great Cities. A Symposium. — No. I. The following paper read at the Sydney Ministers' Meeting by the Rev. W. G. Taylor, is the first of a series arranged for on this subject. If I rightly understand tbe subject given me, it means this : We are ministers of the Word labouring in a great city. What are the peculiar difficulties we are called upon to face here in Sydney ? and have we any practical suggestions to offer that will help us to overcome them ? It is stated by some that we have few if any difficulties peculiar to our work in Sydney. That human nature is the same in bush and town alike, and that there is only one remedy for all. That is but a halt truth, and a half truth is very often an untruth. True, we have the same human nature here, as every where, the same rebellion against God, the same disrelish for things spiritual. But in Sydney the soil in which these evils grow is a very different one from that at Rocky Poii.t or Sandy Creek. 1\. One of ouv difficulties arises from the intensity of the lifd that is lived in the city. In every direction Belshaz zar's ' gods of gold and of silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, aud of stone ' are worshipped. Tiie crowds come here to make money and to make it quickly. This is a metallic city, and men are hardened — materialised by the grip and grasp that is everywhere manifest. This fact, thus briefly stated, lies at the foundation of many of the peculiar difficulties that face us. 2\. Another perplexing circumstance that we have to face is that few people live within the city proper who can get out of it. Strangers arrive from beyond the water. At first they reside in the centre. They join a city church and we think we are going to get the right stamp of workers. But in nineteen cases out of every twenty they are gone into the suburbs within three months. Paren thetically, I wish to say that the people of the suburbs as it seems to me never have as yet realised their responsibility so far as the city proper is concerned. It is here their money is made — here they spend 8, 10, or 12 hours every week day. Their businesses create our slum populations — the wharves, the back streets, the great artisan crowd. All this is separated as by a great gulf from the home and church life of the men who have brought all this into existence. Potts' Point knows nothing of Miller's Point, Stanmore of Sussex street. In this fact lies one of the most acutely felt problems of our city work. B. I wish to |emphasize the fact that many of our perplexities arise from the peculiarly restless character of our populations. The Members' Roll Book of a Sydney Circuit is a melancholy study on the development of the law of mutation. It is simply impossible to lay out broad plans of work on many lines, because of the almost certainty that many of the chief workers will be gone ere the work is fairly launched. I am touching here one of the greatest weaknesses of our city church life. Our people move here and there as the fancy takes them, with but little- thought of the injury they are thus inflicting upon the Church of God. I have never known a place where this difficulty meets one in such pronounced form as as in Sydney. 4\. We have created some of our greatest difficulties in Sydney, by the unwise multiplications of Church centres. We are both overmanned and overchurched. Not perhaps for the needs of the city, but certainly for our ability to pay for them. W e have been much too sanguine. Out of the fear of losing a few of our people here and there, we have built churches ' without a reason oble probability of paying for them,' and have established ministers in localities where adequate support was imf ossible In my judgment, Randwick, Cleveland street, Mount Lachlan, Darling-street, Liverpool and Granville, and Kogarah ought never to have been created separate circuits. And, as a result of this mistaken policy, we are enveloped by a perfect avalanche of perplexities, wearying alike to ministers and people. Hence the cry that is now being raised, and of which I. am persuaded we are going to hear much more in the future, for, a cheaper ministry. Hence our ministers called by God to be preachers of the word — apostles in the Pauline sense — are largely reduced to the position of financial agents. So much so is this necessarily the case, that alas, our reports and conversations are far more about collections than converts, balance sheets than baptisms of the Holy Ghost. And hence also our people become disheartened by the almost perpetual appeals for money. Strangers are led to come to some of our churches, and the first and the second and the third thing they often hear is an appeal for financial help. I believe this has done more to deplete some of our congregations than many are prepared to acknowledge. 5\. May I refer to another of our difficulties that finds its expression in the bold aggressive policy of the forces of evil ? Prostitution, open defiance of the Sabbath law, smoking amongst our children, keen and unholy competition among our caterers for amusement. The Anti-Christian Communistic spirit that dominates much of our boarding-house life, the lust for gold and for power everywhere manifest, all this and much more acts as an awful bar to the progress of our work. These are but a few of our numerous difficulties. I shall not proceed further on these lines, for I am not a pessimist and am anxious to suggest hope rather than foster depression. What is our present duty in the face of such surroundings as I have thus very imperfectly outlined ? I want that we should to-day get an in telligent statesmanlike grasp of the whole situation. 1\. First and foremost our churches must be vitalized. We may say what we like about our perplexities ; given a real live, common-sensed, up-to-date, enthusiastic minister and a consecrated church, and the thing is generally bound to move ahead. Some of you possibly say ' What is the good of talking thus in platitudes ? We all accept that as generally a truism, but how can the thirig be done?' Now, what are the words I have used '? A real live minister, is that an impossibility ? Common sensed, up-to-date, enthusiastic, are these meaningless generalities ? As said one of our English ministers the other day, ' The revival that Methodism needs to day is a revival within the pulpit.' We are many of us so wearied by our financial and other strugglings, that what we need is to tarry in Jerusalem.' It would pay us over and over again if we would, of set purpose, join together to cry night and day to God for spiritual power. I do not mean that we should arrange for the occasional holding of prayer meetings and conferences and conven tions. We have tried all that. I am certain that if (to use the High Anglican phrase) a score of us were to go into 'retreat' for a week — plead with God, sit in judgment upon ourselves, grasp the promises, get a renewal of our call, and a reconstruction of our spiritual life, more would be done thereby to push our work to the front than by all the decisions of conferences or sugges tions of committees. Brethren, people will come where there is fire. The Church can only satisfactorily grow from within. 2\. Just now a good deal is being said and written about the reuniting of some of our smaller circuits. Such, I presume, as the putting back of Randwick to Bourke-st., of Mount Lachlan to Wesley and the like, with a view, I suppose, to the reduction of ministerial staffs and and the greater use of our local preachers. That might be all very well in the country, but within a city like Sydney it would be a woful mistake to attempt anything of the kind. It is too late in the day to apply that remedy to our disease. Bendigo and |Ipswich are each of them, no doubt, grand circuits, but to try and work our Sydney circuits on the same lines would be to court failure t The fact is, church competition is all too keen ! Given such a Methodist Esprit de Corps here as obtains in America or a strong Connexional spirit such as is still a force in the rural dis tricts of England, and the thing could be done. But alas, we fcto-day, possess amongst us neither the |one nor the other in anything like pronounced form. We have to mourn that we hold very many of our people by but an exceed-, ingly thin cord. Much as we may lament the fact, and lament it we do, it is there nevertheless ; if our people — - many of them — cannot get what they want in their own Church, they will go elsewhere for it. And they do go. At this juncture, with these facts before us, to reduce our ministerial staff, now that we have the churches, would be again, I say, to court failure. We must seek for deliverance in quite other directions. I am prepared to admit that much good might result from a- readjustment of our boundary lines and so on. But such are mere matters of detail, , and as such they should be treated. 3\. Our policy in the future should be to man our city pulpits with specialists. In all other professions, the very strongest men find their way to Sydney. This is a city of specialists ; speciality as doctors, dentists, lawyers, drapers, caterers for pleasure. Why not of preachers ? Our Congregationalist friends have put a specialist into Pitt-st., and so Pitt- sfc. thrives to-day as it never did even in the days of the eloquent Dr. Jeffries. St. James' for many long years was ministered to by able and learned men, but it waned and was fast becoming a» bye- word, when the officials, urged thereto by the paiaful necessity, sent to England for a man specially strong in organising just such work as was needed at St. James', and to-day that church is crowded, and it is the centre of all sorts of aggressive agencies. A specialist fills the pulpit, ay and fills (crowds) the church of St. Stephen. The contrast between the St. Stephen's of to-day and of eight years ago is simply astonishing. We have sent a specialist to our own ' Wesley,' and their annual official report just issued states that their con gregation has increased sixfold during the past few months. Brethren, I know I am treading on delicate ground, and expect to be criticised for what I say, but I thus speak because I am profoundly convinced that just here we need to grasp the true statesmanlike spirit. It is an utter mistake to imagine that because a man succeeds in the country, he will therefore necessarily be a power in the city.. During the past thirty years surely the fallacy of that position has been demonstrated ! What I have said implies absolutely no reflection upon the men who have failed. It is all a. question of adaptability. One of the greatest mistakes our Conference ever makes is when it tries to find circuits that are suited to the men, rather than men who are suitable to the circuits. It would be mere waste of time to argue that such has too often been our policy I Everybody confesses, in secret, that we have made mistakes here. Then why perpetuate them ? All over the colony are to be found men — bank managers, farmers, professional men, storekeepers — who live and die outside of Sydney. They cannot get to the centre for educational purposes and the like. Our people are saying these things, and saying them with a good deal of feeling in the whispers or the spoken word. As a church charged with the extension of the kingdom, and weighted with the memories and experiences of the past, we have no manner of right to appoint a man to any circuit just because he has a son or two at the University, or because his children are in city business houses, or because he has a delicate wife. The advancement of God's work must come right to the forefront, miles before all arrangements of expediency. It is as profoundly true to-day as when first uttered, that ' the cause is greater than the man.' 4\. We must be prepared to alter and, if need be, to modernise many of our methods of church work. It has been said that the slowest people to read the signs of the times are ecclesiastics. I do not believe ft. But still many of us do cling to the old, because it is old, and do with our churches what we, never dream of doing with our businesses or houses or persons. Brethren, we have all the machinery that we need. I fear sometimes we have almost too much. For the more machinery we possess the greater the motive power that is needed to drive it. It is not, however, a matter of machinery, it is a question of method how to use the machinery now within our hands. No man has a right to stamp with finality any man made agency. We have committed eggregious blun ders in the past. We have watched the gradual depletion of many of our city churches, and yet have gone along on1 old lines. We today stand aghast at the sight of old family churches nearly empty, but are we doing all we might do in order to remedy this evil ? When these churcheB were full with the families of our people we had ' the sermon to saints ' of 40 minutes in the morning, and ' the sermon to sinners ' of 50 minutes at night, the church's prayer meeting on Monday night, and the preaching service — also for the church — on the Wednesday evening. All this was splendid at the time. But to perpetuate the method where the conditions are all altered is to betray an utter want of statesmanlike insight. The fact is, whilst many of our churches are half empty, the city is fuller to-day than ever. But of unChris tian people. Our present great pro blem is ' How can we get at these people.' If one method fails, in God's name let us get hold of another. It matters not whether the battle is won by sharp-shooters or the heavy dragoons, by the artillery or by the men of the line. So long as the city is taken, that is everything 1 And. brethren, in the name of the Lord we must take this city for our King. 5\. My last point I approach with hesitancy, because I know it will evoke discussion, and I fear me opposition. But I am responsible to God only for my own convictions, and speak them out I must. As I have said on a previous occasion I say it to-day, only with strengthened conviction, we shall never succeed in such a city as Sydney, until we decide to loosen the iron withs of the itiner ancy. ' The three years' limit ' is chargeable with a very large proportion of our city failure. Our present system is suicidal. Under old conditions the thing was right. And to-day, probably in most country circuits, and in many, possibly, of our suburban circuits, the ?' three years limit ' may be the best thing. But in *uch a city as Sydney, it means dispiriting failure — disaster right along the line. What care the masses, the thousands, e. g. living all round Bourke-st. — not only non-Methodists, but non-Christians — what care they about the provisions of the Model Deed ? You cannot create a con nexional spirit among these people during a brief triennium. The element that is to draw these people to us will very largely be a personal element. You may lament the fact as you please ; it is there and must be reckoned with. That is the people's side. But there is a minister's side also ! I question if jwe have a man amongst us who can build up a healthy Methodist cause at Bourke-st. or 'Wesley' within three years under existing conditions. And even if he were able it is almost absolutely certain that the man who follows him would very largely fail. He would, because he is human, and has to deal with humanity of a very different type from that which you will meet at Bathurst or Maitland or Stanmore. I believe we are committing a huge connexional blunder, and a sin in the sight of God, by leaving things as they are. Let us go for the alteration of time limit. If that cannot be, and some of our ministerial lawyers say the thing is hopeless because of the feeling of opposition on the part of our minis ters, officials, and trustees in most of the country circuits. Then let us tread in the footsteps of the Conference of Great Britain. Some of the leading Q.C.'s and ecclesiastical lawyers of ' England have given a definite pro nouncement upon the right of making, under certain conditions and safe guards, extended appointments in special cases, and their contention is that it can be done without in any way violating the law as it now stands. And in point of fact this has now been done in quite a number of cases and there has never yet been a whisper of challenge. And the result of the experiment has been a glorious revolu tion in the working of Engli.-h city Methodism. The greatest revival in modern Methodism is that which gathers around the great centres of Manchester, London, Liverpool, Belfast, Leeds, and other places. The only words that describe the alteration are ' marvellous,' ' apostolic ' p'entecostal And yet in nearly every case the law has been (i evaded ' to use the strong word of those who oppose the position I am taking. But God has smiled upon the ' evasion' in a marvellous manner — and has demonstrated to the Methodists of England as distinctly as anything can be demonstrated, ' How much better is a man than a sheep ? ' (I hope I need not explain the quotation.) In conclusion, I venture upon a quota tion. It is from the lips of one of our great Methodist conservative statesmen, the editor of the conservative Methodist Reco j-rfe?-,Nehemiah Curnock. The words mean volumes coming from such a stickler for law and order. A little over two months ago Mr. Curnock read a paper before the London Minister's Meeting on the ' Methodist census of the London districts.' It was as the chairman designated it — ' an ideal paper, fairly bristling with points.' The part that met with the warmest reception was that I am now venturing to refer co. After speaking on the tendency to drift in and out of the Church. Mr. Curnock next dealt with the difficulties of ministerial life and work in London as compared with other parts of the country. Many a many who easily carries everything before him in the conntry, coming to London finds that he is nobody, that his next door neigh bour does not know his name, that the bill ten feet long and five feet broad in red and green and blue, announcing some extraordinary mission he is going to hold, is left on his hands, like Robinson Crusoe's boat, which, being built, couldn't be launched When they found a man u-ho was able to deal with any measure of success with the problems of London evangelism and London pastoral oversight, in God's name let them keep him where he is! (Applause.) They needed no legislation to do this. They might go on wrangling about the itinerancy until Doomsday and never make anything of the busi ness. The power that bad kept Mr. Price Hughes at the West London Mission and Peter Thompson at the East End, and their secretary at New North-road, beyond the usual three years' limit, could be applied elsewhere. The present circuit ministers in London were not allowed a fair chance. (Hear, hear.) They were at a disability that was positively cruel and mischievous to the truest interests of Methodism ' From my heart I say ' Amen ' to so remarkable a' deliverance from so cautious and conservative a source. 