MYSTERIOUS JOHN SMITH. I BY ETHEL S. TURNER. fin the Quiver). If ynu loved only what were worth your love, Love wero clcar gain and wholly well for you. It wus long past twelve, but the crowd showed no appearance of diminishing, and the iron of the calico mea^uro hud Oiitered into his roiiI He stood at tin? end of a long counter, measured over rpinnants and ticketed them, only look'ng up to scowl deeply, though unconsciously, when the sound of '' Sign, ploase !' broke in upon his occupation, or a customer claimed his attention. Oace a woman, pretty nnd poorlook inp, hut very neat, took the chair before h:m. Tliere wor« two chi'dren with Iter, littln ro y things, wi;h clean faces and patched frocks. Tlioy examimd the calico with d. epe3t interest, and felt its quality and asked its pi ice with such earnestnpss that a ghost of a curved line crept round a mouth that had long since forgotten how to smile. He cu' olF the length rr quired and wrapped it up with almost an angiy light in his eves. Wha' a biiyht, comfortable wife she n-us* lie. What a mother I She passed on to the piint counter with her littl e cni s and the precious handbag holding the old purse and -its he rdiy-' earned consents., - Osher ens' omen c une and ho served them in a wooden kind of manner, or else said hard unpleasant things that made them hasten away as soon us pos sible.' In the lunch ht.ur most of those iff work . in the shop assembled togpther in a large store room and lunched in merry style, laughing and joking with each other till the gong sounded. There was one packing c-se well away from all the others that no one dreamed of takinjr, for it was here in solitary state this one man ate his lunch, his long legs hanging down the side of the casp, his head ogunst a background of green boxes labelled ' Babies' pelisses,' and ?'Ladies' colored skirts.' When he had finished the great lump of brrad»and cheese that invariably formed his repast, and had flung tbe soiled piece of pap'jr that enveloped it on a rubbish heap, he took his hat and went) out. Straight down a streeb and up a street, under the great fig trees of the Di-main, to the great rock by the harbor edge that Sydney in complimeut bad long since named ' Lady Macquarie's Chair.' Here he lit his pipe and walked up and down, up and down, till it went oub. Then he burned on his heel and wenb back to the shop and the calico. That much his curious fellow-assistants bad found oub about his movements, but nothing else He came in the morning punctually, he left ab ni^hb punctually — when he could — he walked round Lady Macquarie's C.iair ab one o'clock. He had bread and cheese for his lunch, and his name was John Smi'h. More than this none of them had bei'n able to find out, though ho had been among them over five years. And he never spoke to anyone unless it was absolutely necessary, and his face always wore the same hard, unreadable expres sion. A girl ab the lace counter who read' „ Bluebells rpgularly inclined to believe that he was a duke or a baronet, or at least a colonel who had ' done some thing' and been shipped off from England for 'colonial experience.' So someone, read in history, had called liira the Man with the Iron Mask ; and the title had been adopted by all, ' Sign please !' He complied for tbe fiftieth time thab day, scrawling a rapid hieroglyphic on .the proffered bill, and then be saw that) . the clock hand was pointing to six at ! last. He caught a tram to the far-ofi suburb where he lived. His home was a little terrace house in a streeb off a streeb. A garden the size of a pockeb handkerchief was in the fronb, and as he watted for the door to be opened, he noticed how bhe rank weeds were chok ing tbe violets and pansies, jusb as those of a stronger growth had choked all the hopes out of his life. There was no answer to his impatient knocking, so he took a step up tho dirty verandah, pushed up the front window and gob through. Th9 little sitting room had a 30ft car pat), a picture or bivo, and some books, bub the dust and dirb lay thick over every thing. An old dress body reposed on a chair, a battered hat on the centre table, while various garments belonging bo children were scattered aboub. He went down the tiny ball. The next room was worse — dirty plates, broken-handled cups,, and a jug with the spout missing stood on a table innocent of a cloth of any kind. There was a tin of Eardines, too, some oily butter with Hies in ib, and a piece of cheese. He passed through into the kitcben. There was a woman lying across the floor, and ho stood in the doorway and looked at ber prostrate figure without tho slightest change of countenance. It was a beautifullv- sbaned head, with masses of black wavy hair, that was defiling itself Ja tbe unutterable dirb of the place. It waB a beautiful figure that lay there so heavily, despite the old red blouse and ragged skirt. He stepped ovf-r ib 'and oub into the yard. Two little girls were playing about among old tins and bottles and rags. One bad a whisky bottle tied round with a grim towel and was nursing it for a doll. The other, mounted on jam pot stilts, was stumbling up and down and making noise enough for half-a-dozen boys. He stood and looked at them for a few minutes — ab their rugs, their dirty faces, their wild hair, and then turned and glanced at the unconscious figure of their mother. He was wondering if he could bear it any longer ; ib was the fifth anniversary of their wedding day to-day, and bis courage failed him when he thought there mighb be a tenth. He stooped and pulled the woman' oh bo her feet, gently ; she related hiin as well as she was able, but strong ns hIk was, he was twice her equal, lie hal carried, half pulled her up the stairs, pu her into a little empty room, and shut and locked the door behind him. Then he went back into the kitchen, and for half an hour stood looking down into tin heap of dead r.shes in the prate. And out of the midst of them a voice that f.-r more than two years he hue! refused to hear, spoke loudly, and he bent bis head and listened to if. And it urged hiin to leave everything and go away alone, even into the wilderness, so this curse was shaken oil. A child whimpored hes'de him. ' We'se hungwy, Fo3sie and me, and mumie's so dwunk.'' He looked at tho poor, riirty little face, bitterly at first, then sorrowfully, and she read the second look in an instant, and clung tightly round his Irg. A still unall yir 1 toddled in, sat doivn on the floor, and wept aloud for ' butscotch and cheese.' He forgot the voice in the ashes, took off bis coat and set to work to clear ou'. the grate and light a fire. While tbe kettle boiled he swept up the kitchen, washed down tha table and placed a big bowl of water upon it. Then he despatched Tiny upstairs fori clothes — any sort so long as they were clc-an — and set to work to perform start ling ablutions with the persons of his small daughters. Their faces shone, their hands were red with scrubbing, even the dark and light curly tangles that adorned their respective heads were washed, diied vigorously, brushed and combed out of their hundred knots with infinite care. (To be continued.) 