-ftjsr OPEN LETTER TO His Eminence, CARDINAL MORAN. v There is not, and there never was on this ?arth, a work of human policy bo well de serving of eramiu&tion; as the Hainan Catholic Church. The history of that church joins together the two great ages of human civiliaa tk-n. No other institution is loft standing wliioh carries the inind back to the times when the. emoke of sacrifice rose from the -Pantheon, and when camelopards and tigers bounded in tho Flavian amphitheatre. The proudest royal houaoa are but of yesterday, ? wh*& compared with the line of the Supreme Pontiffs. That lino we trace back iu an un broken series, from the Pope who crowned Nipoloon in the lyth century to the Pope who crowned Pepin in the 8th ; and lar beyond the time of Pepin the august dynasty ex tends, till it is lost in the twilight of 1 able. Ihe Republic of Venice came next in an tiquity. Bat tho Kopublic of Vemoe was modern when compared with the Papacy; nod the Kepublio of Venice is gone, and the Papacy remains. The Papacy remains, not iu decay, not a mere antique, but full of life and youthful vigor. The Catholic Church is '?till sending forth to the farthest ends of the ? world fiiifrsionAjies as zealous as thuse who landod in Kent with Augustin, and still con fronting hostile . king* with the same spirit with which she confronted Attila. Tho nam* bet of her ohildreu is greater than iu any former age.. Her .acquisitions in the New 'World have more tliau compensated for what eh* has lost. in the Old. Her spiritual as OAudanoy eztenda over the vast countries which lie between the plains of the Missouri and Cape Horn, countries which, a century hence, may not improbably contain a popula- ; tion as large as that which now inhabits ' Europe. The members of hor communion are cert-anly not fewer than a hundred and fifty i millions; and it will be difficult to show that ; all other Christian sects united, amount to a hundred and twenty millions. Nor do we see any sign which indioates that the term of her long dominion is approaching. She saw the oonMneacementcfBli the fzorerameafcs and of ail the ecclesiastical establishments that now exist in the world; and we feel no as* soraoce that she is not destined to see the end of them all. She was great and respeptud bf lore the Saxon had set foot on Britain, be lore the Frank had passed ^iha Ehine, when Grecian eloquence still flourished at Autioch, when idols were still worshipped in the tomple of Mecca. And sho may still exist in (undiminished vigor when some traveller from |New Zealand shall, iu the xniast of a vast Jcojitude, take hJs staiid on a broken arch of rL- niion Badge to sketch the ruins of. St. V».ulV' — Macauluy. — ' Kanke's History of . !i Popes,' Mr Lord Cardinal, — I am fully aware that in presuming i i publicly address your Eminence . i'u ugh the medium of an opeu letter li: the columns of Tboth, I lay myself njiuu to tlie censuro of certain prag matical persons who regard you in Y u u r personal and hierarchical capa city as a prince of the Church, whose holy office and pious actions place him outside the pale of daily converse and Criticism. Were I not aware that you do not share thin view of your ex alted position, I would not take upon myself to claim your attention in this public manner. It is because I know that the smallest concerns of the humblest of men interest you as much as those of the most illustrious, that I do myself the honor of now addressing you. The recollection of ^former courtesies and commendations shown and expressed by your Eminence to wards myself, encourages the belief -that you will honor me by perusing this letter, and pardon me if you should tind much in it that you either dis believe or disapprove. I can assure your Eminence that this epistle is penned with a due reverence for your exalted station as a pillar of the Catholic Church and an appreciative regjrd to the high position you oc -cupy in the estimation of every class of the community. ? «. . .♦ ? In the days of Paganism it ' was {he universal saying that all roads : led to Rome, which was then the centre of tho civilised world. Even so was it txuo for very many generations of g,en that Borne was tho centre of Christianity and civilisation ; and Anglican though I am, I cannot but fief the Protestant blood in my veins Stir and thrill when I read the marvel lously eloquent eulogy of your Church |)v -Macaulay quoted' at the head o£ letter. I am neither a servile sy ? fophant nor a blatant bigot, wherefore J am bound to recognise the divine ori gin and mission, the miraculous pro gress and preservation, as well as the rispeclive possibilitiesof the Chuioh which you. are 60 distinguished a ?relate. Indeed I can, in all sincerity, adopt the following remark yible words of William Cobbett, that prince of Protestant polemists, and candid historian of tho Protestant ' Reformation Sutd and brud a Protestant of th& Churct ml England, h viiiir a. wjfe »od uumer-jua family jjroty.s-in l: the * wo. faitli, having th* vt tiiVev tlUurlj'lvtcJ Eilitii (lj *11# ( 1 \ iu a Protestant churchyard, and trusting to conjugal or tilia) pit*ty t-- j/lace mine by their side, I have, in tin* undertaking, had uo motive, 1 cau have uo motive, but a siucere and disinterested love of trull) justice. It is not for the rich and the powerful of njy countrymen that I Uurt* epuken, l-ut for the poor, the perptjoutnd, the propcrilioil. I have not been unmindful of the unpopularity aod the prejudice that would attuud tho enter prise; but. when I coanider tho loutf, long, triumph of calumny over the religion of tho*o to whom we owo all we possess thut is ^reut and renowned ; wltou I was convinced that I I could do much towards the coantorucucg of that Cilumny ; wheu duty so sacred bade me spouk, it would have been baseiiess to bold my tongue, and baseness superlative would it have been il, having the will as well as the power, I bad been restrained by foar of the shafts of falsehood and folly. Thus I make my position as » Protes tant, and tho purpose uf tbis luttor, plain to your JiuiLuencc, and to the public. * * * It is ouly due tu your Eminence that I should express what seoms to mo to be the general opiuiou, that uver .sincc your advent here your influence has been one of uniform and universal beneiicencc. I do not hesitate to say that you are the only eminent ecelesiaut in this hemisphere who has displayed a truly Catholic spirit in tho strictly Christian sense of tho word. ijinco tho departure of Dr jMooriiouse, the Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, to accept tho See of Manchester, you have stood almost alone among dis tinguished churchmen iu your en deavor to nmke religion a means to the end of social reform and political pro gress. i our personal example as a total abstainer, and head of the Catholic temperance organisation, has been of inestimable servieo iu promoting the cause of temperauco, not only among the clcrgy of ail denominations, but also in encouraging tho unwary and the weak to free themselves from the drink curse. Your sympathy with the sorrows and sufterings o£ the poor, and the industrial woes and wrongs of the workers, brought you into close aflinity with those great and good colleagues of yours in the Sacred College, the late Cardinal Archbishop Ma-^'NIXO and the present Cardinal Gibbon, Archbishop of Baltimore, in the United Estates. Those two great and good princes of the Church, like yourself, were fear | less in their championship of the cause of tho down-trodden poor. You have not hesitated to imitate their - faithful and fearless example. #. . # * Tour timely and trenchant declara tion on behalf of the workers during tho fearful struggle of the great Maritime Strike of 18'JO recalls the action of tho iate Cardinal AIakninu in connection with the London Dockers' Strike in the following year, while it revives tho memory of Cardinal Gibbon's splendid vindication, even at the foot of the Papal throne, of tho right .of both Catholic and Protestant' workers to resist, in legiti mate, combination, the crushing despotism of plutocratic syndicates and monopolistic rings. Xo you, as to all the world, it is known that certain high Catholic ecclesiasts, both iu Canada and the United States, looked, and still look, with genuine suspicion and dread ' upon the ' organisation known as '.The Knights of Labor.' Some of them, with Cardinal Teaschekeau at their head, even went so far as to declare that ' The Knights of Labor ' were a baneful secret association which ought to be put | under the ban of the Church. They succeeded -iu inducing the Pope at Rome to issue a rescript warning all good Catholics against joining or countenancing the Knights of Labor,' which was denounced as a dangerous secret association. Then it was that Cardinal Gibbon stood forth on behalf of the right1 of Labor . [ to defend itself in' legitimate combina tion. He went on a special mission to Rome to place the true character and aims of t' The Knights' before the Pope, and to explain the reform work | it had done and contemplated, as well - as the hardships and injustices which it . sought ? to redress. The result was that the Pope, withdrew his inhibition, and. recognised the right of the Americanworkers, and the workers all the world over, to unite in open or. secret combination for the defence of their mutual rights and interests.' Here, in Australia, you seem to have been actuated by a similar spirit of. i broad sympathy with the workers in ? their persistent and prolonged Struggle i for- redress of admitted gij&v;&uces;, - while not tolerating the seiablance of . anarchy in Labor's ranks, or .yielding ? the .slightest encourageznent ito mere' demagogueism. ,' Ever standing-firm-in1 '? the maintenance of reasonable law and : rational order, you. have lent the : sacredness of your ofiicc, and the i dignity of your public position and ' prestige, in aid of the toilers cause. - In doing so, you have, as I have - already suid, recalled the- bleB&ed; 1 memory of that great ai.d good mail, i Cardinal JUaxmihg, .than whom no 1 truer friend evor was to the pour, and lto more popular prelate ever sanutitied the religion of the Catholic Ohurch in the eyes of the mulcicudd, or made her dogmas and methods of propa ganda more acceptable aliku to the hostile Protestant and tho sceptical Agnostic. Thus have yon proved yourself to be one of those forces which rnako lor righteousness, tho existence of which iu any community is a People's best safeguard against reli gious indifference and tLeir surest guarantee against moral death. « # * My Lord Cardinal, having thus in my own siucere, if feeble, fashiou, paid my tribute of personal respect for yon as a man uud a minister, you will, perhaps, pardon nie if 1 venture to oifer a few plain words on what may ho termod the political position of the Catholic Church in this colony. This I will do in a very lew but emphatic words. Ever since Sir iJ.ENKr Pakkes planned his diabolical plot against Catholics by his trumped up Penian conspiracy, which culminated iu tho judicial murder of the drunken Irish madman, O'Fakkell, the Catholic Church has prospered and progressed by leaps and bounds. Tbis has been largely duo to the magnetic personal influence and powerful pulpit eloquence of your predecessor, Archbishop Vadgiiak. Still more is it due to you as an indefatigable organiser and rigid disciplinarian of the forces, lay and clerical, male and female, at your com mand. You have made the barren wastes of tho back-blocks blossom with tho flowers of Cueist's Gospel, and caused the voice of tho school master aud schoolmistress to be heard away in the wilderness, whero the in fluences of other religions have never reached, and whero tho State system of education has never been known. Thousands of Protestant children are to-day being educated and refined in Catholic seminaries and convents : and all this has been made possible, if it is not directly due, to the hateful and tyrannous spirit of sectarian savagery, stirred-. up and^osteced by a;: few 1 strife-mongers, with the' late '.Sir II en by Park lis at their head. The revulsion of. feeling against, the policy of those who may bj termed the sec tarian strategists, has been so deep and sincere and widespread, as to make such scandalous sacreligious strife a thing of the past. Pael'us owed his downfall as much to the decline of this persecuting spirit as to the decay of his mental and physical powers ; and it is, indeed, a subject of Christian consolation, as well as National congratulation, that the sec tarian spectre which the perhdious Pahkes conjured up in the shape of the Kiama ghost has, at last, been laid to rest for ever. . That it has not again been resurrected is, in my humble judgment, largely due to the spirit: of Christianity, philanthropy, and wise toleration in which you have directed the propaganda of the Catholic Church in this country. * * . ? This opinion as to the death and i burial of the Bogey of Bigotry may not seem to be borne out by the history of recent events. Undoubtedly your can didature for the Pederal Convention did cause a temporary recrudescence of the old strife ; but I am bound to sav, as one who at the outset deprecated your candidature, that your appear ance in the arena of high National | politics has been fraught with blessings i to the community alike in the sphere of religion and ' of statesmanship. Until your candidature was announced all the efiorts of professional politicians failed to arouse public interest in the question .of Australia's National Des tiny as a Federated Unioni. Bat no sooner had you entered the arena,, than the ice of public - apathy was broken, and an importance and an in terest were imparted to the. Federal Campaign, which no .other event than your candidature could have created or aroused. True it is' that narrow minded sectarian opposition succeeded in 'elfecting your- honorable defeat; yet the fact remains that even in ' de feat you stood forth as the most promi nent and interesting personage in the contest, and, one to whom all classes of the community, not' saturated with sectarian . prejudice , looked | in grateful 1 recognition as the, one, man, who had succeeded in-compelling an (apathetic public to recognise a i tardy- call .to: National duty. To you as much as to M-t Ediidsx) -Babton. or;. Sib Hekby Pabkes or, indeed, any. other vperson, is thocause of Pederation indebted for its present position of comparative advancement, because it wasyourcau didaturo which caused the people as a whole to taice the discussion of the question of Federation out of tho hands of political cliques and -academic co teries, in older to discuss and decide it for themselves. A greater tribute to pure miiided^dieiatoreitod patriot ! iem could scarcely be cited or de sired. » * * There is, however, one matter to whicb I would wish to cull your Eminence's attention, if I may do so without giving offence or stirring up political aud journalistic strife, and it is to the policy pursued by a certain paper which claims to speak, not only l'or the Catholic Ohtircu aud her ad herents iu this colony, but also to pro pound the politics to which 'good Catholics ' as a matter of Christian faith and public duty should give their support. This paper, which is a weekly one — in more senses than one — was started under priestly auspices, and at its inauguration re ceived the blessing of a high Churcb dignitary on its printing press — Hie said dignitary being kept in coun tenance at this extraordinary function by quite a congregation of reverend gentlemen and pious laymen, as well as by laymen who are far from being pious. Having thus received the benediction of the Church, so to speak (whether with or without your Eminence's sanction, I don't presume to enquire), it has received bold advertisment at the doors of Catholic Churches, aud even from the altar steps, at the hands of reverend gentlemen, who are notoriously known to have a pecuniary interest in the commercial success of this particular paper, to which they lend the aid of their priestly office. Whether such proceedings as these have your Eminence's approval, I will not presume to know nor pause to enquire. It may, however, be per mitted mo . to point out that to me, a Protestant of the Anglican persuasion, it seems au extraordinary and altogether un precedented proceeding to see the priests of a grand, ancicnt and historic Church descending into the arena of commercial politics, and making them- | selves the advertising agents, even within the sacred pia;incts of Holy i Church, of a partisan newspaper advocating the cause sad principles of a. party to which ma+)y of the com munity of' which y0ur.EihiiiBnc9 is tho recognised and revered head, are in direct opposition. # ? » It is scarcely necessary for . me to name this extraordinarily priest pulfed paper, ? which .is ; one of pro nouncedly Protectionist proclivities, and which, in its illogical aud un democratic advocacy of that form of tiscalism has done more to discredit the National cause of Australia than it has done to boost and bolster up certain derelict statesmen and paprenu politicians, to puff whom seems to be its principal purpose. I am aware, my Lord Cardinal, that you are a Freetrader, although the majority o°f your contrymen in this colo'ny are Protectionists ; but I know you to be, in the sphere of public' affairs, a large minded and impartial man. You have never used, or sought to use your over whelmingly preponderant influence, as head of the Catholio Churcb in Aus tralia, to support any political party, or to give countenance to the concerns of a Parliamentary clique or social coterie. Therefore, it goes beyond my comprehension how loyal aud devoted subalterns of yours, in the army of the Churnh militant, can have presumed, and continue to presume as they do, to jeopardise the unity and harmony of the Catholic communion, ? and to risk besmirching the white, spotless robes of Mother Church with the dust and mire of poli tical polemics. The Protectionist Party, as a whole, have a right to complain of the insolent arrogance of a so-called religious paper attempting to dictate its policy, and to designate its leaders, . who aspire to be the future governors of this colony. ' Such a system of priestly journalism cannot but bring discredit on your .Eminence's Church by breeding the suspicion that its holy -organisation is being used as a cloak for political and party purpose.', be sides prompting? discord in the ranks of the clergy, and breeding internecine strife among tha: members of their various flocks. . ? * - * ' * Permit me, My Lord Cardinal, to anticipate voiir - condemnation and censure, if I have presumed too much by . going , too far and speaking too plainly, by assuring your Eminence that1 1 speak1 with no covert motive or sinister purpose, but solely in'the in .te'rests of the National party with which . I am . identified, and in the sincere hope that -you will cause it to be m ids known: throughout the whole of ' the . Catholic aud Protestant communities, ? that the policy arid tactics ' ot tho particular paper of which I now complain, have neither the sanction of your Emi nence's authority, nor the approval of , your quiesceut toleration. A word from your Eminenoe wirald put an end - to this speciaa of Catholic journalism, whicb, with all respect and humility, I submit is a derogation from the dignity -if your position as keeper of the Oat bolie couscienue in this country , aud a distinct violation of those sweet traditions of non-intervention in poli tics, and broad toleration in matters religious, til* strict observance of which hav(- made you at once so much respected aud beloved by all classes of the community. I have the honor to bs Jly Lord Cardinal, Your Eminence's obedient servant, JOHN NORTON. Sydney, 15th January, lb5s. 