PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "The Dull Miss Archinard." by Anne Douglas Sedgwick (William Heinemann). —With nothing beyond the ordinary ma-<*> terials for novel-building to hand Miss Sedgwick has succeeded in producing a book whfc<h has a diistfaict ijower of expression •nf forcefulnese of character. The plot is Bkmple. Poter Odd, the hero, marries mis takenly, hie wlfie dies, foe becomes engaged to tho clever Miss Archinard. finds tthat he does not love her or ©he him, and finally marries her " dull" sister. Any book wiith suck a olim " motif" musJt necessarily have something beyond mere writing to recom mend 'it. In " The Dull Miss Archinard" this something as the character drawing. 'All 'the iperßonaaes are well (portrayed. Hilda, first as the tLmld, shrinking child, •nd then as the sett-sacrificing woman, jwwklng and thinking always for others, is pertl*pss}the-besc drawn, thgjjgh In point of clearness her eelflsh sister and Peter Odd lure close behind. But Hilda is throughout more human. We meet her type every where, and our heart goes out to her in her loneliness. With no i>retenco at dramatic Interest the book (has, nevertheless, one or two "incidents which are really Intense. Of these the most powerful Is the scene where Ratherlne arrives from London to find Hilda tin the arms of her affianced hus band. The book roaches "the height of real stage effeot there. Of tho miner characters Captain Archinard and hta Invalid wife aro convincing. As g matter of fact all the characters aro sdfieh, except Peter Odd atid 'Hilda, and they are both selfishly uncelPah, and the background serves well to bring Wieir temperaments dnto prominence. The boot certainly trete its faults. but 1t« merits bo far outwclffh its demerits) that it would be TJ»?lr»s to parMculariee mistaken. " The People of Clopton," by George Bah rain {T. Fleher Unwin).—-A eeries of sfc tchca of life in the midland counties, tcld for the tmoet part 'in the dialect cf that district, to mot calculated to appeal to the majority of colonial readers. The country yokels Ihoavy-rooted, dull-brained, and narrow m'nded, Seem to be anachronisms. A con tinuous ®e-t cf characters runs through all the oketehee, and they are in a way con« nected, tut the Tt>cok I 9 not a novel. 7!ie bero tdlls the talo hiraaelf, and relates th^ village 'history from his birth to tho tima whcnlhe lcffC:optnn for Olopton's g:cd afte^ some unplerisamtnesa connected with poach ing. The characters hardly appeal to a refined taete. The men drink, ewear, and fight ; the women for the mrot part can herdly bo called virtuous. The etorie* cf poaching (" Shiny Nig-hfe") are the beat part of the book, and for th's alona the work i-a well worth reading. Evidently the author at some period of h's life knew the tricks of snares and nets, the wilts or keepers, and the excitement ol outwitting the guardlana of the preserves. Taken as a wtoicHe, tho book is not altogether whole* Gome reading. The moral fibre of the lower strata of tho Tlnfflifih peasantry does net oeera to 'be) very powerful, though the author finds every excuse for their little lapses frcan virtue, and comes to the con clusion thflit their free, open-air gallantry 13 not baif 00 harmful as the vice of ttie city. The book is redeemed from con demnation, too, by the little reotful collo quies the author indulges in, philceopMelng prettily on the green fields between the Ibawthorn hedges of an English country scene. " The Adventures of a Sollciter," by Wea ther-by Ohesney (James Bowden).—The aocond book of this author is slightly lees (Interesting than hi 9 " Adventures of an TjJngmeer." In :bat there were a few t~ch nlcalttlee to serve ao a proof that the writer knew soonetbing of his subject, but 'The Adventures of a SoUcitor" might jut as well bo "The Adventures of a 'Bus Driver" •fVv ?>m th a t th-> ■}"vr has to do with the ex traordinary complications in wihich Edward Dale, the solicitor in question, managed to entangle hlm«elf. The aulhpr h*e con trived to -get together a succession of more or less nerve-lbrllHng experiences, 'but un fortunately In the collection ihe liau allowed himself to be influenced by several writers of better known ability. For example, " The Ghost of Farolty Abbey" Jo nothing more than H. jO.S Wella'a " The Invisible Man" boiled dawn ; " Tho Dead Pirate" 1q very reminiscent of Clark Russell's " Tho Frozen Pirate"; "The Crimson Bi«fit" may have been inaplred by Rudyard Kip ling's " Matter of Pact" ; and several of the other tales leave behind en impression that they have been read before. In some of ihis work Weatheirby Gheoney approaches Edgar Alien Foe—that 10, In subject matter, not In workmanship. The book to anyone who read " Tho Adventures of an En gineer" baa evidently been -written in a greater hurry and with less care. The .intercut is there in patches, but only in patches, end the author might do better work. " A Triple Entanglement," by Mrs. Burton Harrison (T. Fisher Unwln,). —For a novelist who has been writing during the last six teen years the latest bock of Mrs. Harrison Is decidedly amateurish. There is much unnecessary pp.dcUng, not a little slipshod writing, and a lac!: of interest for three quarters of the book. " A Triple Entangle ment" may be a catchy tile. but the reader ifl puzzled to knew where tl« cntanglemenc comes iln. A perfectly Etralgbjtforward lovo otory (with tho climax omitted), with the usual accompaniment of mlotakes. In tercepted letters, and general foolishness, dooa not provide much scope for a triale entanglement. Of course everything ends happily with the marrlaoe of the hero and herolho, tho confounding of the adventurers, and tho death of tho villain, from which one o,f the unconscious witticisms or the book is evolved. The gentleman in ques tion had died in a hospital, and when the hero, in a forgiving spirit, had gooe to chcor hla last hours, "tbi3 bed was empty. The feet of the dead had been already car ried forth." Why tho feet only ? What had become of tho reßt of the body ? Had It already domat?rial!oed ? Mrs. Harrison uses a knowledge of Spain for the purpose :>f turning the first part of her novel into a guide- book, aud an uninteresting one. The latter quarter of the book haa a spark of Interest perhaps, but it is not sustained, and the ipagcs go haltingly on to a rather la.mo and Impotent coD'Clusion. " The Rajah's Second Wife," by Headon riill fWard, Lock, and Co.).—A most read able tale, Illustrating a phase of Zenana life hitherto unexplored. A very attractive Eng lish girl marries an Indian prince in Eng land, being unaware of her husband's rank. She becomes undeceived on the voyage to India, and discovers that instead of being elevated she is lowered in tho eyes of her compatriots. A former admirer ie appointed as missionary to the town where her lwa band lives, »nd he renews her acquaintance. A treacherous Dewar strives to alienate the prince's affections from hte wife, and also to prevent hte becoming proaelytleed by the missionary. In the end virtue is triumph ant and vice utterly discomfited. The story runs smoothly, and, while full of incident, the reader'o credulity 5s not unduly taxed. The book is well bound, and nicely illus trated. " The Windsor Magazine."—The Novem ber number of Una magazine is full of Inte resting Btorles and articles. " The Wedding Run of Skipper Bain," the title of which re calls the talus of W. W. Jacobs, is a most amusing account of the matrimonial ven ture end voyage of a certain " dandy" ekip per, whose wife-to- be was compelled, owing to a calm which overtook his smack, to seek her errant husband on the high sea*. Guy Boothby brings his story of " Pharos, the Egyptian," to an exciting finish, with the usual happy ending. A month too early, some would think, cornea an article oo "Some Historic Feaots." Christmastjde is usually supposed to be the licensed time for indiscretions of that description. The new writer thjt the " Windsor" has discovered, Captain F. M. Peacock, has another story in the current issue—" Society Pals," writ ten rather brightly end snapplly. Lieu tenant Hjalmar JohaEsen concludes his ad ventures " With Nlansenl in the North," with which he has be*n pleasing his readers for some time past. A " Jlecord.Christmas Number" has been promised for nfM-'uonth. 