Torts and Retorts. "The story of Cambuscan bold." It's a ' weather ' wise Governor that knows his own farmers. * * * WHERE THEY AGREE. When a Federal Convention Sits for several weeks With the understood intention That each member speaks. Though they argue on each question Duties low or high All fall in with this suggestion Talking 's beastly dry! * * * Letters of Public Men-P.C., K.C.M.G., M.L A., and I. O.Ü. A PARADOX. At a recent baby show held at Wilmington, Delaware, U.S.A., the prize was " a beautiful Persian cat." Therefore to win meant catastrophe. See it! * * * WHY H.E. SUFFERS "THE SIX" AND "THE SET." There once was a Governor Smith, Who came to this colony with All sorts of ideas. But a couple of years Proved his "Governorship" was a myth. He was " run " by a family clique, Who thought it a favour to speak To a mere, common man. Yet they eagerly ran To worship His Nibs once a week. All the bon-ton and fashion would go, To a ball, garden-party, or show. Talk scandal, drink tea, And make perfectly free With his house-and then vote it as "slow." It's a way that they have in "The Set," Does the Governor stand it? You bet! And the reason, you know, Is if they didn't go, Not the slightest respect would he get! * * * Scene.-The White House, Washing- ton, U.S.A. President McKinley work- ing in his study, with secretaries, etc. (Enter messenger with several tele- grams. Gives them to one of the secre- taries, who opens and reads them.) SECRETARY : " Telegram of condolence, sir, from Her Majesty the Queen of England about the loss of the Maine." (Hands it to President.) (Mr. McKinley reads it, and dictates answer.) SECRETARY: "Another - from the German Emperor, sir." (Performance repeated.) SECRETARY (in puzzled tones) : "Here's another. Mr. President, from five kings or something. It is dated from Mel- bourne-a place which, I think, is in Western Australia, somewhere near those goldfields called Coolgardie." PRESIDENT MCKINLEY (taking it) : "Surely you must be mistaken, Mr. Van Offer? There are no kings of Australia." (Reads Reid's screed, signed by the very un- Convention-al Premiers). "Hum! Where is Australia, Mr. Van Offer?" SECRETARY (after hurriedly looking through Whitaker) : "Er - 'Greater Britain '-* Australasian colonies'-er -it belongs to Great Britain, sir." THE PRESIDENT : "Like most of the earth, eh ? Well, now, who is this-er -person, 'G H Reid'?" SECOND SECRETARY (eagerly): "Oh, I know, Mr. President. I saw him last year when I was in London. He is a fat, bald little man, with a big eyeglass, and he rode in a carriage behind Sir Wilfrid Laurier in the Diamond Jubilee procession." The PRESIDENT : "Well, it's a piece of impertinence, I must say, for these unknown persons to act the king like this. We shall be having "condolences" from 'The Lord High Executioner' pre- sently. However, I think it must be due to ignorance of diplomatic usage. Probably, they mean well. But I wonder what Chamberlain will do when he hears about it!" (Left wondering.) * * * That parson person, the Rev. Wesley Barnum, has again re- turned to the charge against Sun- day trains, Snnday papers, and Sunday beer. He reckons that it is the "mission" of all good (Non- conformist) citizens to "put them down" (including: that beer). *' The young feller wot does the Pleasant Sunday Afternoons" for the Even- ing Cherub states, in his report of the Rev. W. B.'s latest sermon, that "had he (the Rev. W. B.) a clarion voice, he would ring it through the land," etc., etc. I should like to see the man, woman, or parson who could "ring a clarion voice'' at all I It would be about as interesting a performance as any yet performed by one of the three sexes since the late lamented Major Le Caron squared "The Circle." * * * In some of the Government De- partments an attempt is being made to extend the working day from nine to five, instead of from nine to four, as heretofore. Needless to say, the idea does not find favour with the employés. It is only a few years ago that the "Imperial " time of ten to four was broken into, and now that another hour is being added without extra pay also being .allowed, it is only natural to find very severe grumbling. Civil Ser- vants are generally lightly worked, but they are also lightly paid. If the Government gave an increased salary all round, when the proposed alteration comes into effect, no doubt there would be little said, but to make a man do about seven week's more work each year and not pay him for it is conducive of discontent. I have said. * * * A SAD REMINISCENCE. A local poet speaks of "a deep, sarcastic roar." CAMBUSCAIT once knew a man in New Zealand who had a pet pig that used to follow him to town day after day, and wait at the office door like a dog. One day the pig strayed in- to a butcher's shop and was promptly secured by the enter- prising owner, who killed, scalded and cleaned him. The grieving pig-fancier never recovered his lost darling, but he eventually secured comfort by joining the" "Salvation Army." The butcher, by means of that surreptitiously obtained porker, pocketed a good round sum, which became the nucleus of a great fortune for him, and chronic dyspepsia for many unheeding consumers of pig-meat. But-and this is where the low, diverting moral comes in-the "Salvation Army" now occupies the butcher's old premises, and every night after knee-drill, when they sing the old line, " We shall meet on that beautiful shore," the ghost of piggy shakes its' head sorrowfully before the unseeing eyes of its old master, and gives a silent, venomous grunt. * * * " Tell me where is Fancy bred" Sang the Poet years ago: "In the heart, or in the head ?" Said the people, "We don't know." But in modern years of peace AU doubt ceases-as it ought Fancy breeds with swift increase In the "mining man's" report. Of course, I know you'll tell me I should not rhyme " ought " with "report," but I must explain that owing to the breakdown of the Wires between Eucla and Utopia, I am without my usual budget of rhymes. * * * All good "Outer Bunburians " are very indignant about the para- graph in which I recently gave the the boundaries (it has no limits) of that famous city. One gentleman writes indignantly denying that it is "entirely surrounded by Sir John Forrest." I really beg his pardon. I ought to have added "and butter"-tins." * * * There's much truth in many a slip. When a speaker referred to the opening of the Federal Con- vention as "an historical occasion," the reporters made a much-needed correction when they wrote "hysterical." And when an "In Memoriam" poem, which said of a well-known toper " He is now in his bier in his long, last sleep." was accidentally made into " pie," and the foreman hurriedly reset it as "He is now in bis sleep on his last long beer." Everybody felt that even if senti- ment suffered poetic justice had been done. * * * The Church of England au- thorities should keep a stricter eye on the Cathedral close than they do. Old bottles, rags, paper and pieces of stale bread are not ornamental round a church. And a proper railing is badly needed. * * * THE WEATHER. What is it furnishes us all With excellent material For essays conversational? The weather. What is it occupies our time (Or part of it) in every clime: That lends a reason to this rhyme? The weather. What makes a people great and free, Or dwarfs a race to misery? What runs the earth and rules the sea? The weather. And, when we wend to that far bourn, From which no travellers return, What fact will give us all concern? The weather!!! CAMBUSCAN. By purchasing direct from the manu- facturers in London, Paris, New York, Lamburg, and elsewhere, the Apothe- caries' Company buy at manufacturers' rates, and avoid the exhorbitant charges of middlemen. Hence the low rates charged by the Apothecaries. This company has now five establishments. 