Hard man's Biscuits. To the uni.tiated mind one large chimney stack is so like another that. the mental picture of its raison d'etre is summed up in the word 'factory,' and possibly many of those who travel by the Newtown-St. Peters- Enmor.e trams, seeing a tall chimney from the oarriaee windows make the' same observation and let it pass. But the chimney aforesaid belongs nob'to a factory iii the ordinary acceptance of the term but to a bisouit factory — Hardman's in fact. At this season of the year it is difficult to imagine any more active scene of labor, than a1 bisouit factory. All the city seems to want biscuits, and while one stands waiting to see the manager, who is tip to his neck in businoss, ono hears some thing like this going on at tho telephone : — 'Yes, this is Hardman's. Wait a bit till I write it down. Case Arrowrooot, ditto Maire, throe oases Afternoon Tea, and two' Saloon— thanks,' And so it goes on. And fr,om tho smallest boy to bho manager bhoi'O seems to be a hum of activity that rosemblps the beehive more, than anything elso, till one feels that, though ho is no drone, some how or other he is in tho way, and out of his own hive. In the matter of bisouits there is ah -endless varioty, and as.thG ohoioo depends solely on the individual, so the ?manufacturer .'? who, would cater for the multitude has to provide not only an enor mous plant, but skilled men to produce just those artioles whioh the publio demand. One person's taste run/3 only in the direotiou of plain 'hard tack,' and he can. get it from Hardman's factory'. On the other hand there is the hypoohondriao who fanoies that his digestive organs want) particular atten tion, and Hardman supplies his want with a ' Mnlt Digostivo ' bisouit— and, by the way, fanoy or no fancy malt is the best digestives soienco has yot discovered. The firm would not thank us woro wo to advise our readers to call at the faotory and watch for them aelvos tho interesting processes through whioh flour (by tho wny, they have a patont self-, raising ilour on sale) passos before it comes oub in the shape of crisp little afternoon tea bisouits, but wo oan go one better than that, and adviso all who want bisouits to follow the advice given by a famous adver tiser— 'Ask for Hardman's biscuits— and aee that you get them,..' The League of the Cross demonstration at the Cathedral was a most imposing spec- ' ? tacle. 'I have sometimes thought,' said Cardinal ' Manning, 'when looking on a church full of children, there is nothing more beautiful in the sight of God. A beautiful, garden of. roses, lilies and lovely flowers is sweet and beautiful to the eye. The hand of mau guards, and watches over it so that no, harm can enter. Sometimes a storm of' wind or hail breaks the lilies, destroys the roses and makes ruin where before all was sweet f and orderly. The wioked and. malioious man oomes in to wreck and ruin his neighbour's garden, and when he sees this, everybody is touohed to the heart. Everything lovely and sweet, trampled down and wreoked, makes the people grioved ; but in the sight of God, not the ?most beautiful garden fashioned' by the hand of man, not even the Garden of Eden with all its glory and beauty of flowers and fruits, was so bright and -glorious as are the souls. of. the Jittle ohildren in whom the Holy Ghost dwells. Suoh a soene is sweeter and. brighter in the sight of God than any garden man evor formed.' On Monday evening last the repre sentatives of St. Franois' (Haymarket)^' . Debating Society journeyed out to Wat'er- * loo to engage hi a public debate with the South Suburban Labor League Association. The ohair was oocupied by Mr. A. Norton, president of the association, and there was a ? ' fairly large attendance, the audience being ' ohiefly composed of the members of the verious labor leagues around the neighbour-' hood.- The St. Francis' delegates, Messrs. . J. Roberts, J. F. Olofan, J. Sutton, and W. F. Hogan affirmed ' That tho Labor Party has been a failure in the politics of New South Wales,' whilst the defensive was ' taken up by Messrs. Fred Flowers, Harper, Molyneaux, and White. On the soore of debating power the contest was an excellent one, all the speakers being fluent and ?forcible, and having in addition a very 'good grasn of tho subjeot. On division, however, the bfc. Franois' representatives were eaBily dofeatod, tho numbers being 164 against and 49 for tho motion, bub were highly com plimented for the Btrong case they had made out. and also for their pluck in coming into a labor stronghold like Waterloo as advooate8« ? of such, a contention, v ? 