A GREAT W1iOING; OR, THE a MrYBTE8B Y OF .BLACIE co HOLLOW GAN'GE. to CHAPTER X -(Coorntoo.,, hla Lenore drew back with a stifled cry, half fer suffocated by the foul air that came rushing ter up An ugly sort of place, my dear," pro- "" ceeded Sir Geoffrey, as he replaced the panel, In and yohave not seen the worst of it. It is an old dungeon in which the bonder chiefs usedto bury their crininals when they were to doomed to death by starvation. There are n, dead mene" gboett. and other loathnome a things down there, Miss Trevethon I such a place would not suit a dainty lady like you, he who has been used to satin- hung boudoirnls, on, my dear1" ti" The rerolting picture he had drawn made Leonore shudder. A " While my son and his supposed bride," he ihe continued," will be on their bridal tour, an y?u. my dear, will be there. where the dead ke men's ios0 mtould r, dyil, g a living death," n ore glrl's li?l qoiored ,oin i:fllr, and a desily f.aintness crept over her. but her at glor;une eyes still dashed indignantly. In the face of Cthlo mercies guardian who held th her life in his Ioands, in the face of his son, hi atcehing her with evil exultationaintheface Gi of this horrnLle death he had threatened, she did not quail. t die. nothing, only what I have alrealy sai', S.i Get iey."' was her quiet answer. 1 wf?? yltr ciroin.ypreferairla to bclbig uried a:re, my dear, and yon are too eensiblie a or firo to waste an instant in deciding between It .the two. CG"m.. nas. take Richmond's arm, on and letthe mari a p sr.eed. Once biswrife, of courst, you giv.- ..o: word t, kerp silent touching to-n gt a drventures, and not la another thing is required of you. If yoo and your hrileroom do not halppen to find your. oa selv vetry much in lnve alter marri-e, you n-lttoot he foreot toL hill act co. nou may set up separate establishments if cou like, ii follow your own wile. and plhase youreelaoe it s von fancy your fortune will warrant it." g Ouee more the wailing hlidegroom ad. f vanoed to take his ioriie a hind. of She turned upon him with haughty indig. nation. he 'f1 had erer dreamed o obeying my poor do father's will, if I bal ever thought of btcom- m lng your wife, do you think I would do no Ia now " she cried. '-I n "ow ko yoou botllo you aor, father anod s.n, a pair of mourn deers I l say again, as L tai before, there n, irsome mistake. You are not of the Trevethon at race t Sir Geoffrey, gnshing his teeth in his It anger, drew a dagger from bis breast, and , flahad it before her eyes. F " Silence 1' he thundered. "or I'll drive it it bilt-deep into your heart." i" She elo'ed his grasp and darted across the a room, tore aside the tattered curtain, and s ashivered the glase in the window with a h siogle blow of tier dainty hand. "Mourder Insurder " she cried, her voice rioging likea silrotrumpet abve theclamor of the storm. t The baronet and his son both burst into mocking laughter. " You may shout yourself hoarse," said her geuardian," but no one will hear you. Do p not forget, Mli Trerethon, that you are in the Haunted Mannor I' o The girl shuddered from bead to foot, but she put her face to the broken pane and cried out again "Murder I Murder 1' Sir Geoffrey strode across the room and clutched her arm. "Come, we hare had enough of this," he said, his face working with anger, his cruel a fiSngers impreosiog themselves upon her arm.1 ."Lenore Trerethon, fur the lust time I ask you, will you marry my so " t \-- ' wilt not," was her unhesitatlng anawr. CIIAPTER .IT. A WILD WEDDIIOO-IGHOT. A wild night shuttingdown upon the Scot tish hills, and it is Ambrose Gerthart's wed ding night. He stands in the door-way of his father's house, arrayed in his holiday garments-s tall, handsome youth, with n eye. like an eagle's and the bearing of a prince, albeit he is the son of humble p1arents. His mother come forward, wlith his hetrvy coat in her hands. "It is high time you were off, myson,"she says. " The dark comes swift these winter ovenings, and the walk you have before you is long and dreary. So get thee gone, Am brose ; it won't do to keep the little Isabel waiting on her welding- night." She is, or has been, a handsome woman in her time, this mother of the tall young mountaioeer. She is talland stright as dart, with sloe-black eyes, and cheeks which even yet retain some little of their youthful bloom. Her husband, Donald Gerhart, has led a seafaring life ever since their marriage, and Ambrose and his mother hare beeon left a great deal to themelvres, and are very tenderly attaehed to each other. Never but once has the mother been parted from her boy, and that was when hbe made a voyage to the SjitzLergen coast with his father. She looks at him now wtth a eurious msz' ture of tenderness and regret in her dark eyes. "To-morrow he is to bring home his bride; and she takes him in her arms and kises him tenderly, her dask eyes running over with tears. Ambrose gives her a hearty welcome in re turn. "Good- by, mother. Heaven keep yu safe until my return." He departs, and his mother stands in the door-way and watches him out of sight. S "My brave lad," she muses, a curious, wist ful look in her eyes; "handsome enough to be the kings son and wed with a -princess. But Isauhol'sa bonny luss. and she'll bring him a snug little dowry, and he'll be happy and prosperous. I could not part from him now. He is discontented as it is, but if behs knew his history he'd leave meand go roving to the ends of the earth; and what would Donald say, after sailing the seas for a score of years, and hoarding gold for his onlysonul Nay, nay I", throwing up her hbands with an impassionate gesture, " I cananot tell now ; never can tell him. I'rve locked the seeretin my heart, and I'll carry it with me to my grave." The night fell swiftly, and the storm gathered fury with every passing minute. The mother and father. the latter having eturned soon after the departure ol Ambrose, sat before their blazing hearth and heard the wild riot of the blast. '* Tis a bitter night, Donald," said the wife, addressing her bronzed and deep chested husband. "I trust the lad will reach Fellaide ail safe. Ii he had only taken the collie along 1" Donald laughs derisively, as he rubs his hands together over the bla.e. "A it the lad needed the collie,wilel You think him a boy yet t Why, Ambrose could find his way blindfold, though the drifts be na n-dep. Never rwoy for ham. He safe at the IFelisidlo y this time,and will soon be Isabel'a husband." Hnt at that self-same moment Ambrose ste.d panting anl irresolute at the fjot of a great sow rclad ptak. SuTrely he had lost his wr, lbeit he I:ad r.\armed for years amid tioese wild Highlanol oills. He paused and louoked about him with be wildered eyes. The snow descended in swiflt whitrling muse that almost took away his breath. There coauld be no doubt about it; he had lost his way I le should be down in the shelterol valley, and here lie w?s elimhbiag amid I;ae storm uoaken tilis. He must nauvo aeen beritched or btni.d-red. he thought, ta hare lost n oaunntcountably his way; .. wi o. hadtl trod these hilt-paths from m in aitt,.yOs olgut, on his way to the Felloide farml --- --- of Standing amid the white, swirling drifts, with the thunder of the blast in his ears, in noi imagination he pictured the gay company Sb gatherling at the Feliside. and oaw Isabel, ia in her white wedding robes, awaiting his Pet coming. fox lie had never been over anxious in regard a' to this marriage, though h: was fond enoagh of Isabel. The inatch was of his good Of mother's planning. Ambrose would never do have dreamed of matrimony of his owrn will; S his desires and aspirlatins ran in quite a dif. Fe ferent way. From a lo. lie had been discon tb. tented; and longed to seek fame and fortune lTa in foreign lands. Flocks and herds, and he "gold and siller" failed to satisy his long- bl nlgs; hut his mother's persuasions had ree kept him at the Highland home, and it was through her that he was ever brought a to make love to Isabel and consent to a marriage with her, the prettiest lass in the ai country. As ha thought of his bride awaiting him, bu he determined to strain every nirre, risk bu every danger, to reach the Fellside farm in time, t He started on acain at a brisk pace. ho A great, gusty drift drove him back; but be was on his feet again in an instant, fl and on his way; he was resolved not to keep his bride and her wedding-guests wait But the darkness deepened and the snow shut him'in like a winding sheet. He paused i second time, and strained his eyes to pierce lit the gloom. He could just make out the dark at hill-line beyond which was Black Hollow Grange. Ite had wandered miles out of has g way. for the Fellside farm nestled in a shel tered valley far below. p He turned to retrace his steps, when a in glimmering li0ir came-liefore his eye. It m "-l'enlrat yliamed from the wirndow o th ae ianted Manoer. Ambrose sood and lookedt tiJ withbsted 0o oe.'vth and dis:e,!ed eyes. For years he had t trd these mountain ai , nas.nd never before osd he seen a light in that ahanldoel and wi nacursel dwelling. What did it mean be It was an old, old place, this High. land manor, green with mould and over. grown with ivy, the home of bats and he owls, and ghosts, too, the simple hill-folk th av-rred. m' Human creatures shudder as they paned di its ponderousmates, and few dared set foot in its mou!drring halls. He stood there, and a s great owl fluttering down the stair-way tij frightened him, hero as he was, well-nigh out yo of his senses. IHe thought of itnowand of the old stories he had beard from thelips of the Highland S dames, as he fixned his ees upon the glim-. o mering light, and wondeecd if the murdered di lady had come out of her grave to visit the ub manor this stormy night. Bat there was a little superstition in his nature, and he drew a deep bheath and al started on again, fancying that he was going Pi toward the valley. Blut that twinklig lights in the window of the Itaunted 3tanor seemed i to draw him opward with a strange power. For his life he could not keep his eyes from it. as he slowly stragglel through the blind- d ingsnow. Atlast he fell, faint and breathless, h and he rashly resolved to rest for a few mo- I ments. Gralually the white drifts covered him like a windingo-shert. A sweet, lriOng A forgetfulness slowly stole ever him, and his si eyes closed. Suddenly realising that to sleep was to die, be stroggled to his feet. lie stumbled on T again, that glimmering light before his eyes. a It was close at hand now and dated as he h was, he fancied he was nearing the Fellside farm, and saw the light shabning from his E bride's window. He staggered on, with a glad cry, until he fell again, his strength 1. utterly gone. As he dropped upon thesnoow he clutched at some white, spectral thing f which rose above the drifts. A chill of horror Spassed through him. lie srtugglell to his d feet, still clasping the spectral thing. anda glaring about him with dilated eyes. Tohise amazement he realises that his footsteps have led him to the shunned precincts of the Black Hollow ; and a chill of horror creeps i through his veins as he disoovers that he stanods beside the stone crossm above- the murdered lady's grave. - . A hoarse cry breaks from his lips. He t relaxes hi grp of the ice-eold grave--stoe, and falls face downward in the snow. Hew i long he lies there he never knows. A shrill cry of agony brings him to his senses-a t woman's cry. "Murder l Mrderl" t Ambrose gains his feet, new life running f Sthrmogh his chilled veins. The yellow light a twinkles in plain view, and he makes his way c toward it. hr e crosses the Black Hollow,climbs the snowy steep, and dashes through the open ,I gate into the wide park. The old mnnor Slooms up distinctly before him, all its turrets and chimneys darkly defined in the whirling ono Murder Murder l" Again that awful cry, shrill and wild, Sabove the clamor of the storm. g He looks up, and at the lighted window I he sees a face. Only for an instant, but in a that instat he recognises it as the face that has haunted his dreams since the bour he i saw it in the moonlit-ralley below. White aid'wild'with mortal agony and terror, it SBashes upon him for moment ; in the neat it is gone, and the yellow light suddenly dis I appears. e A great three of pain and rapture stirs his breast. Through the drifts he an?'es on. He Swill save her, or die in the .ter. Ir. He reaches the terrace, an, ... ..?s along rC tothe front entrance. The d?...r sronugs on its hinges. and he dashes int. too wide, windy hall. A blast like the breath of the e grave meets him, chilling toe blood in his reins. But he does not pause. -He rushes on. and his band is on the railing of the black stair-way, ween a last cry breaks the silence-a cry so piteous, so imploring, so to full of mortal terror and agony, that it brings an answer from his lips. ds Shooting until the vaulted arches ring of with the echo of his voice, he goes leaping up the stairs; hut ere he reaches the first it landing something clutches him ; a strong to hand grapples his throst; a swift, sharp blade pierces him, and he is hurled headlong down the broad steps. rg Hardly aware of the extent of his injury, ibut conscious of his fast waningslrength, hbe struggles to his feet and stagges are nrd. For only a few minites he is able to keep Id his feet, and then bedrops unconsclonsin the snow. CHAPTER XIL UTa'RE?S MND'AtY SLIP 'TWI?T THn CUP aND TB. LIP." in The old Fellside farm.house gleams with ruddy lights and rings with merriment. SGreat fires roar in every chimney, the old , fashioned halls glow with warmth and com 2i fort, and down the length of the oaken dining-room a long table extends, white re with homespun damask, and all a-giutter ' with quaint china and silver, and laden with Sthe tempting array of edibles. e Inth main room the wedding guests are momentarily assembling, and in his arm. lt chair, on the right side of the blaring hearth, sits Squire Melville, master of the i Fellside farm, and father oe the bride. Id Pretty, dove-eyed Isabel, the youngest be born, and idol of her frther'e beart, is n Sher chamber, being arrayed for her mar he riage. The old man, sitting in his cosy corner, hears the pttler of her light feet overhean, a and a smile lights his round, rubicundl face. 05 How pretty ishe will look, he thinks, when id the comes down in her white wedding robes. He lo ehase-ndel a round little sum on her I. outfit, jos to please her, the 'ain, childish ft bhin, for he coull w ooll alrd it, and Itabel ve a the apple of his eye. She was a babe ehen lie bhrie her lruttly young mother ad oeneath the moorland grasses, ad he has he reared, her througoh all th years f her yollng ag life in his very bosom.s , to oprak. And e the is such a beauty, and so fond of pretty Hence 3laud, her elder sister, wavs sent to iI inlurh to ljiurbhase an unec eptioab:o :,,,llO,,CO ti please little Isabel, and to rJ reward hir, in a measure, for being a good, de ibedient child, and accepting the husband , of her father's choosing. For be it known, Ambrose Gerhart was not the little moorland belle's sole lover. She bad them by dozens, great, honest, lomberilg fellows, who worshipped the very wod pressed by her dainty feet, and for not one of whom the little conuette Out thre was one, a young ngllhshmem of whom she had grown very fund. He was down at his father's shooting-box for the sammermonths, and chance drew him to the Fellside farm. A handsome. scholarly, thoroughbred gentleman was Arthur Mar. lowe, Sir Hereford Marlowe's only son and heir, a horn aristocrat, with some of the bluest of British blcood in his veins, and a rent-roll large enough to satisfy a prince. loreover, he was the betrothed lover and elected husband of Lady lrancs Dris. col. The engagement was of long standing; a sort of family arrangement, in which the young heir expectant lnad no say whatever, but was called upon to obey the will and wish of his seniors. Hitherto, he had shown no unwillingness to obey, and had rendered a sort of passire homage to the patrician face of Lady Bianes, heiress in her own right to a fortune of some twenty thousand pounds per annum. No small consideration truly, and Sir Hereford, a man of inordinate pride and ambition, entered into the negotiations touching the alliance, and had the pre lminaries all arranged long before his son attained his majority. The Lady Bianea wore a sparkling en gagement ring on her slim, white finger, and was haughty and dignified, as became a peeress of her standing. her mind chiefly intent upon the acquisition of accomplish ments requisite for the high station she was ..aaned to811t- Meanwhile. young Arthun went through his university course at Oxford, and one autumn day fate took him to the Highlands, aud the Fellside farm. He met little Isabel, and straightway did what he had never dreamed of doing before, affianced as he was. fell in love. The details are always the same the world over, with a little more or less romance, hence it will suftice to say that Arthur met the little moorland beauty, and lored her madly from the firt. She lored him in retnrn, or fancied she did, which was all the same, for she was a sweee, dove-like little thing. all heart to the tips of her pretty, dimpled fingers ; and the young Englishman was a bold and resolut | When he asked' her to be his own, forget. ful, in the romance of his delirious dreams, of those other chains that bound him.Isabel drooped her dove eyes and hid her blushing " check upon -his shoulder, and answered o , Yes." But it turned out that the master of Fell-. t side farm was made or sterner stauff than his mi pretty .daughter; and when the baronet's son sought him a little later and re. quested his sanction to the engagement, k, he received'for answer a prompt denial. "No, sir. What do you take me for, demanding my daughter's hand in this-off hand manner, and you a lad barely out of tnee-breeehesl" 1 '- I ---am one-and-twenty," falters 0 Arthur. ' and 1 lore your daughter, sir, and I shabe loves mel" " The farmer's stern face softened. h "She does, eh? the little fool. Well, ci young mano. I're no fault to find with you, and 1 don't care to make my little girl un happy. She is as good as she is pretty,'and worthy to be the wife of the best man in England ; but there's a difference, you see, betwixt your family and mine. Your father is Sir Hereford Marlowe, Baronet, a and I am plain Hugh Melville of Fellside farm ; not that I think myself one whit the c worse for it, you onderstand. But I never did believe in mating sparrow-hawks with robins. No good ever comes of it; and I've excellent prospects for Isabel. She can wed with one of the worthiest lads in the land, and some day she'll any the word. But like enough, she won't say it, now that a yon're tnrned her silly brain with your nonenee.--- . "O se i wrill, sir," pa in thebaronet' son, indignantly. " She has given me hae promise never to marry any man except my self I" "Fudge I What does herpromise amonn to, or yours either, for that matter," laughec the farmer. "Both of you are too yonnl to know your own minds., And let me tell a you, sir, my little girl, pretty as she is, won's uilt you. Youll come intoyour title by anc I oy. You should marry some stately lad~ suited to your position. What will my little Isabel do in your grand house, amid a:lyourlords and ladies Why se'd drool t and fade like a mountain pink shut up in s '•ot- house; and in six montha' time you'd feel ahamed of her; and regret your mar rige. "'o sir, neverl 1 love her too well for that," cried the young lover, excitedly. "No daughter of mine shall ever enter any, family uninvited," the old man con- I tinued. " I'11 tell you what I'll agree to Let your father, Sir Hereford Marlowe, senaud me a line, stating that he is willing that his son and heir shall wed my daughter and then, sir. if after twelve months' proba tion, you and the lass still keep the same mind, you may marryas soon as you please. Now, that's fair enough, isn't it?" Arthur'a countenance falls, and he seeks r Iabel, and complains sorely of her father', hard decree. lt in the ed he is forced to srbmit ;for when once his mind is made up the farmer is as immovable as one of the great oaks that lank his green meadows. The young man, however, is madly in love sad bent upon having the moorland beauty for his wife. He makes a flying visit to the Ancestral mansion, Marlowe Hall ; seeks an .nterview with Sir Hereford, and with great trepidation and hesitation gets him to under. ,tand the nature of his wishes. "You wish to break your engagement with Lady Bianca Driscol, and marry tbrdlaugh. ter of a Scottish farmer ?" Arthur bows, his heart beating too rapidly .o admit of words. The old baronet lays seide his gold spectacles, and taps his jewel. I asd snuff- bax with highbred composure. " Very well, sir," he answers deliberately, aot with an ominous gleam in his eye; "you rme of age next week. and can then do as ron like. Break with Lady Bianca and marry this girl if you see fit ; but remember, lir," and ha strikes the table with a force .hat makea the young man jump in his seat, 'the day and hour you do it I cast you of t.p I I have hs power todo it, you mxawh- e bhare title will beh yours at my fiath' 1-u? not one rood of the Marlowe .and, 6n,.dae shilling of the Marlowe income s entailed. A word of mine can cut you oil a beggar, and by Heaven, sir, the hour you areak your engagement a beggar you shall N,e and my curse shall follow you till my lying day. There, sir, you have my an ,war; aad since you request it, 1'1 l end it ,ver to your So-tch farmer by the neax rosy" Sir Herefoed -aeepe his word. When Arthur again visits the Fellsido farm, which ate does with all possible haste, he finds that his father's letter is ahead of him. Maud Isabel's eldest sister, meets him, and ushere aim into the best room, where the squire sre sives him. " I have received your father's reply, sir,' the offended farmer begins at once, " and no words are needed between us. If you .re a man of honoryou will leave my house at once, and never seek to see my daughter again I" Arthur tries to expostulate, but the squire whose pride is sorely hurt, cuts him short; and he departs without one glimpse of his charmer, and feeling like one stunned in hie misery. IdHe returns to Oxford and to his books angrily determined to forget ; but he inds it impossible. (To i, rvelieat d.) S The dark problem of cil des no,t sroender " ,criorne )rCt,, n-linon. Tie berat men oo be this IrlruhoOl f ,! fith, alnd thle , e,,-t eno hers c?on,-. rruon ando koaol lege art 1vlrlo,. Ir thle Art Gallery,-Fur,,cr Gilesa: Thetn artist. are pretty aredl chape, aren't tley? urs. Farmer Gilesr: ihatmakresoyoutlhinkso Farmer Giles: The picture is signed "Jones, 1 '95," 