^pytES ArJP SKETCHES. ; MiÄ aiUPOT HÄ1 , ¿A*thor *f "By Right ot Sword« À ?igtriUga of Peril,'' "«ir Jaffmy'. Wife/ ?f*.Tho Mystery of Mortimore Str*uge," "By "Wto* Heftd 1" "Tho OM MM Mystery/' "^Mlser Hotdley'e Secret," fcc, 4». ÇHAPTBR XXIV.-TH« CmciJcs OF Penn. ] Tbe slio:k of the terrible murder-for tha it was murder no «tue could for a momuo doubt-wu« stuuuiug. Mercy waa prostrated She manumit to drag tiursell to Lallua room which kX,u reached in a swooning conditiuu »nd lo,lLÄ\«vr-what had happened, and thet abo UjuBUJilo a couditiou ot hyaterical ant nervd88jwSi;trattou. from which nothicc could Kjwr, i Colonel'"^sea, after recovering from thi effect of Mercy*» implied charge, acted will judgment und energy. He aeut Juan off ai full gallop to lVnttmin for the doctor ant police, and had the body of hin wife «arri«: up to her room, having abuted himself thal Mercy was right and that she was real!} «lead. ..'"Jtte was an old campaigner, had beet ¿Ss ough two rebellious tn South America, auc '-new enosgh about gun-shot wounds, sud haii seen death often enough not to recogniso tlx signs, lt was a bullet wound. She had been »hot from behind by » revolver or gun, ano the bullet hud pierced the brain, caueinp instant death, lt must have been absolutely painless, and that was, uuder the sad circum- stances, the one comforting rejection ; and when the doctor came he «aid the same. " There is no work for me here, Colonel,* fae said, pointiug to the tlead, "except thc examination by-and-bye. Bealh was instant. Whoever did it fired a wonderfully-skilful shot. That may be a oí ne for you, Adams,' ho added to the police inspector, who «had driven over with him. "Atid now, what ol Che living? How is the daughter! Aud »here's an Indian girl hero, isn't there Î" " You had better eeo my stcp-daicghtcr. Sho is all but uucoutciouB nt thc blow, and «tuite light-headed at times," he added. This waB iutended to prepare the doctor for any étrange statement. ** Sho WUB tho tirai tc (find lier mother, and tho shock has 'for the moment, 1 fear, unhinged her mind." " Poor girl !" said the doctor, sympatheti .cally. Mercy was indeed ill, and he stayed a long time with her seeking to allay «the more "violent symptôme of hysteria, auc! did not leave until she was much calmer and asleep. "I think Missliuwthoruc will bs al) right ?DOW. I brought over a few drugs in my trap, and have managed lo make up a mixture which will soothe her. Hut shu shouldn't be left at night. I'll drive over again to-morrow. This is a tcrtible blow for you all.î'm ufraid." "I can't speafc of it yet, please," auswered the Colonel. "Toll me there is no fear for poor Mercy's reason." " No ; uh, no.if she's kept quiet. Hut she must be kept quiet for u time, di's hit her very hard-inuoli harder than you think even ; »nd if any thing-came on the top of it the cousc queuces might be very scriocs-nut per- manently, you undersittiid, bul still titrions. That's why I «ay-quiet for her, at auy cost," " I'll see to it," and the Colonel, shaking hands. " I am much obliged to you for coming so promptly. " " Well, Adams, what do you make of it?" asked tho doctor, pulling up bis horse near the gate to speak to thc inspector. " Nay, doctor, 1 cau't say at ul). It's a oaseof inurdcr. of course ; but who eauhave had a hand iu such a thing 1 cau't tell. Wc li now nothing about these good people, you see. They've only had the place a few mont lia.; you simply can' t tell what may be behiud, or where to look for the mo»»e. What a gloomy old lonesome place it is. Why it's only the <Jher day we were over hero to pettier about thesuicideof old what's-his-name. jPto.V"" mind calling at thc station to tell them «pwBft stay here to-night? Whcu will you ASfr^/w' tnortMi ?" *»"fo^morrow. 1 tdiall be over to see thc daughter, lt's knocked her over altogether. She was the first to lind her mother." "Eh ?" and tho inspector looked up with a glance of suspicion. "Then the eooucr I sue 'her the better. I cau't get any facts. Noone seems to know anything," " You iiiusii't speak lo her till I come. You may drive her clean out of her iniud. BuUyou can «ce lier to-morrow, £ -think," and with that he drove off, leaving the inspector to try and puzzle out a clue for himself. He was not by any means a sharp mun, aud quite unfit for the charge of such n case. He aid not know how to go about thc .inquiry ; hu questioned closely t he peoptc who could tell bini nothiuj;, tried to form a theory before hu had ascertained any of the main facts, and having fastened ou thc fact of Mercy's illucts, coupled with the further fact that she had been the .first to find her mother after death he was.quite ready to jump to thc conclusion that lie should lind she had bad something to do with the crime. In this frame of mind he made no effort to have thc.count ry round searched, sent far no assistance, and did notbiuc iu thc apparent conviction that the crime was «ither a hope- less mystery or that the solution would drop before his feet as be walked about the place with pursed lips and officially frowning brow. He took the Colonel's statement, but that was no help. "1 was out shooting when it must have happened. I had beau away past what we call thc DiugcopBe, about half eimile up the lane io tbe opposite direction, on the chance of a stray partridge, but got nothing more than a couple nf rabbits, aud I was walking back when I heard the report cf a gun. _ I thought it might be my son and took no notice of iL Wneii I entered the bouse, however, I met my step daughter, who camecuahiug in to tell us what had happened. She had been walking out there it appears with lier mother, And had come in to change a shawl for a hat and jacket-so I learn-and Went back tojoiu ber mother. In Ute interval this had happened ; and she found my wife lying dead by a big boulder which you have seen, on which we presume she was siltiug when shot from behind. I saw noone about, and, citcept for the «hoi, beard nothing ; and after the deed was discovered 1 was too much occupied with tending my poor wife's body to take any steps whatever." "One question, Colonel. Do you know how long thc young lady wac away from her mother ?" "Indeed Ido not. Hut I presume only a few minutes," The inspector looked dissatisfied, but said ?nothing. Joan a story «ras simpler still. He was in bia room reading, and heard the shot fired, but be knew his father was out shooting, and thought he had ¿red at some stray rabbit or bird ; and ho paid no attention to it at all, therefore, until he heard the news that Mrs. Bm had been found dead'. Then he went ilgMnato help, and afterwards rode off for the MQbtor and police. ?p?îhe servants were «Iso interrogated, but Vita little more result, and the police inspector felt that he should get nothing material until he could question Mercy. The Colonel waa also looking forward to the interview between the two with considerable .concern. She believed that be had killed ber 'mother, »od he had to /ace the ohanoe that »1» would say es much to the poHoe- »ow '?SUV* to prevent lt? Wbat the doctor had ; ii«M labout tba condition of her nerves sod ' twain had had a good deal of effect upon bira, .#iuj bad started » (rain of thought that hu : narased carefully wheo alone. , attt aondBot had been étrange «or some ' >tiro» «st. She had bad delusion». Twioe «he bad roused them in the middle of the «Ítbí/<hiou«hber»o»r^ Theo had come the SSriordlnary story prompted by. Ab Dur, ;;ihe#tt»s'nati*«s who were io fearon of 1*11». ?''^W^wrttvelew joarncy to i«odon had I followed, with the talc «bout the niau with whom she hud had the singular interview in the train ; next the wild and hysterical vsniidition in which she had arrived home; and, now, this terrible business ubout ber .mother. Was she mad ? Would it be the simplest theory of the deed that the girl had probably doue it while out of her wits ? He kuew tho grain of suspiciou waa in the mind of tho police. Should he nurture it and moko a few arrangements to tit ic with it? It would bo easy enough to put a .rifle where she could have thrown it, aud to put some ball cart ridge somewhere in her rcoms? That was one alternative. But there WSB another, and if it could bo arranged a much safer one. That the tn o giris should disappear together. He had always had this in bis thoughts in regard to Mercy, and the Court bad been chosen willi special regard to such a {dan. If Mercy wero once to start a suspicion against hin, ns one could tell what would be tbe result or to what unpleasantness it might lead. Hut there was another and even more powerful reason, and he discussed it that evenicg with Juau. They dined alone, and Juan was very moody and silent at first. " This ¡B an ugly business. Juan," said Iiis father, speaking for reasons of caution iu Spanish. " Yes. Who did it ?" and he looked at the Colonel, with a singular light in his eyes. "There are two possibilities-one that Mercy is out of her mind and did it ; the other, that these Indian scoundrels sho apollo of were really about the place and that it is their work." "There are more possibilities than those two. That devil of a woman has been about here again. She was in that cottage yesterday. The other is accident- anyone -out shooting game may have loaded with hall in mistake and missed bis aim at a bird, and «tono this by accident. Such things have been known," and he looked hard ut tbe Colonel. " This is not South America, Juan, or it might be something of the kind, tío you think I may have had a baud iu it. I suppose you think I have lost my wit«, then. Do you know what this means to me ?" " Partly. You are fieed from a woman that could never have done anylhiug but bore you, and you have made certain of your eharo of old Madame Gonzolez's fortune." "Then if I tell you that at this moment in consequence of the death of my wife I am absolutely a beggar, and worse than a beggar overwhelmed with debts incurred ia playing this part, I suppose you'll allow I've knocked the props away from your suspicion. My wife bud made no will, and every peuuy goes to Meroy." " The devil !" exclaimed the son in amaze- ment; and then remained a long time silont, asking at the ead of the pause, " What do you mean to do? Isn't it possible to-to find,a will ?" " There are plenty of possibilities all rouud us ; the difficulty is to choose the beat among them. This idiot of a girl, for instance, has formed the asme conclusion about this matter that yan seem to have done, sud if she blabs it out Chere's uo telling what the consequences will bc-except that they will moBt certainly spell ruin for you aa well as me. I don't know whether you've a fancy to go back to your clerkship." The young fellow frowned heavily, "A pretty end to the venture that was to make ono fortunes," he sneered. " The end Is not yet. But if anything is to be done, it must be st .once. So far these girls are in our power, and if we are to retrieve matters by a bold atrobe, it must be «ow. This blockhead of a policeman thinks that Mercy is in some way responsible for ber mother's death. Helsa fool, of course, but that'» hi» lookout. If abe were to disappear now, to-night, ha would be Inclined to think she had bolted rather than face an inquiry into ber eouduot Point one. Point two Lallu is, -aa we know, th» objeot of tbs attentions of these people from India, «nd if aha wars to disappear the open inference would be tbat «be Md baan spirited »way by them, or had gone voluntarily. Do you begin to understand now*'' " Yea, go on," auswered tho eon. "If tho house were lo awake to-morrow morning, therefore, and thc girls were not du their room, suspicion would fall unywhere br.t on us. Should wc take care that they are not there ?" "Can wei How? What can we do w\tU them ? You don't mean that wo should-" He finished the question with u louk imo his father's face, and the'two sat staring steadily ut one another for Borne seconds. ?" I don't mean anyone uny unucee-sserç, barm. As for what would happen, that must depend on the futuro course ot event H." " Wait a «minute, let me think ;" ami pushing back his chair excitedly, he jumped up, lighted H cigarette, and smoking it wick quick, impulsive puffs, walked up aud down thc room. " Du you know how I feel for Lallu ? I« that part of your plan?" be asked, almost ticicely. " No ; I don't even know what you mean.'" " I love her, that's all ; and if you or auy oue else menu to try and han» u hair of her head, you'll have to rcckou with inc." ?"J don't covet any of thc joung woman'* hair," sneered the Colonel ; but hu checked himself, mid added seriously.- ?" All that this plan would do would be lo put bur absolutely in your p.iwcr." " How ?" asked Juan, etau.diug and facing his father. " This spot years ago wes a smugglers' run, and underneath the house the rock ie honey- combed withcuveBaiid. pasóme» thatoucn led to tho sea, but uaw aro blocked by thebreakwater. Tho way to them I know, but very few other people and uo one in the house. There's wm to sb nt up, not two women, bin IMO hundred ; aud they might scream themselves black in the face without nu echo of thc sound reaching the surface. Perhaps you eau see my drift now ?" " How can you do it ?" " Are we children, or fools, or men ? If they eau bo entici d »ut of their room, so much the better, for a cloak thrown over the head of each and a hand on the mouth for five minutes aud the thing's done. If wc can't get them out of thc room, then wc must go in to them lhere." " Do you want to play the ghost rjgRiu ?" cried Juan with an ugly laugh, which brought un oath <o the Colonel's lips. " As it happeuB, the places in the caves arc ready. We have only to carry them dowu and luck them iu, and afterwards take them food aud drink, and we could keep them for weeks without a soul having a suspicion-keep them until they please to do whatever we wish," "Hut this police fellow who is here ?" Thc Colonel Biniled grimly. " He is just the cuver we want. A word whipped in his oar that wc think we have sceu one or two people moving about oJtsido, and he will be out of tbe house ut any instant sud thc field will be clear. Then, to-morrow when he learuB the girls ure uot in thc house, he will he the iirst to account fur it saying Mercy has bolted." " Aoà those cursed Indian servants ?" " If wa eau only blind thom fur a moment, they will most certainly believe that the people who made the attack thc night before last have returned and have this limo been succes^ful. The situation is positively made for us." " It seems a very feasible scheme," assented Juan, after he had thought it well over duriug a long pause. Wheu would you do it?" " The sooner the better. We must get the two servants out of tho way, because the way down to these oaves is through the celiaT, aud and we must have the door open iu readiuetsi But the thing is simplicity itself. Shall we doit?" "There ia no other course," assonted Juan. 1 The Colonel went out of the room, and as a first step cleared the kitchen j then he made the inspector comfortable in a small room oslled the study, and gave him cigars and a bottle of whisky. Next he went upstairs and crept cautiously to tbe girls' room, sud found to bis satisfaction that Ab Dur was not with them, butiu bison n room close by. He waited, listening intently, sume minuten, and then had just time to .get quickly and conceal himself in on» of the bedrooms when thc door of the giris' room was upcucd and they came out bund in hand. Mercy wac very nervous aud trembling, but Lallu, who carried a light, walked with a tirm and even'read, and whispered now aud again words of cointon and encouragement. I'Vnm his hiding place tho Colonel watched them, aud then creeping out stealthily saw them, to his iuâaite surprise, smtp outside the door of the room where thu corpse lay. Mercy seemed to falter and hesitate, hut the ludían girl urged her, und unlocking the door they t-ulcicd and closed it again behind them. lu an instant the Colonel hrvi made his plan. He went downstairs tn the study. "Inspector, there is somcthiug amiss. I heard steps outside just now, i.nd looking out J saw a couple of rigores disappear quickly down tho lane. Hadn't wc belter follow ?" "I'll go ut once. Colonel," said the man, Vising. "Hut you'd better not iea«c the bouse. I'll search the grounds right round." ." Do," answered ino Colouel, going to the aide door with him. " And if you ti nd any- one whistle a cali and <ve'll come out. And when you return come to thix door sud knock lightly, aud I'll be ut band to let you in. I dare not leave it unlocked w'iile you're out." Th» other agreed, and started away stealthily iu the shadow of the house, while thc Colonel locked the door after him. Next ho hurried to J«JUII. " Make »hat preparations arc necessary at once. The girls are out of their room, and I have cleared »lie house. Upen that door leadiug to thu cellars ; aud now gul some kind of heavy shawls and wait up here till they come ont." And be took up a positiou close to tile door of the room u bich the girls bad entered. 