WISE AXD OTHERWISE What is Victoria coining, to? For writing on shire fences at Casterton vh— oslaocs words, "How shall I escape belly a travel- Hag machinist has been fined by tbe local magistrates to tbe extent of £2 4s. fti It would be Interesting to hear tie reasons given, by the bench for this Judgment- Per- 1 haps the local arbiters of the peace are i heathens, who might have given a different ; judgment if. by chance, instead of tit of- ' fending Eiblical gutty, something to the effect that somebody's balsam was war ranted to euro all burns, had been printed j on the fence. Or had some rural wag ' answered tbe Scriptural question by adding S tbe words, "By using soap," tbe bench might bsrv. regarded tbe whole business a specimen of harmless. If somewhat berry, bucolic wit. and dismissed the case. Bur it was not to be, and tbe Casterton bench goes down to posterity cs unbelievers of the deepest dye. unless by acting tbe part of pioneers they answer tbe machinist's query from Gbostland by telling tbe pnblic bow to escape "the world, tbe flesh and tbe derii," w about the option. The latest society craze is tntooing. wbish is practised by some of the crowned beads of Europe and tbe British aristocracy. Tbe Czar, Prince Henry of Prussia and several dnies are stricken by this fashion. Report kas it that over HO members of tbe English nobility. Including 20 per cent, of ladies, have allowed themselves to be tatooed. Lady Randolph Church Is said to be ornamented with a serpent, and tbe Countess of Anneslcy by a spider's web. This craze is the oddest fascination a man or woman can fall a vic tim to. It is a disfigurement for life, and withont even any practical ntlHty, for tatoo marking with a clothes wearing people does not even lend Itself to advertising purposes. If It becomes the mode wits society belles It wDl perhaps lead to some startling dress reforms, and oae may yet see the belle of a season eater a drawing or baU room In tbe war paint and bravery of Indian squaw. Tbe revolt of woman threatens to revolu tionise tbe domestic relations. At Portb a married woman was recently sentenced to a month's imprisonment for deserting her bus- band, and even In staid old England tbe poor abandoned male has bad to organise In order ro protect tbe rights of ma a. Male gallantry, in the French sense. Is already out of date. Tbe new woman asserts she has no use. for it. She aspires to be man's equal, and those of us who are not grey beards already will ere we grow much whiter see woman lawyers and woman politicians. In deed, the enfranchisement of tbe sex has already bad a marked influence upon legis lation in two Australasian colonies. In tbe holy city, Adelaide to wit, tbe entrance of woman into tbe sphere of politics has brought op a demand for legislation giving Increased protection to what was once called the softer sex, by raising the age of consent to IS. In New Zealand tbe age Is to be raised te 2L As tbe Turner Government contemplate tbe enfranchisement of the sex, Victoria, not to be behind In the race for reform, will have to pot up the age to 30 or 35, or perhaps embody the melancholy Ham let's ravings. In an act of Parliament decree ing that there shall be no more marriages in the State of Victoria. When that comes to pass then farewell, a long farewell, to all the poetic thapsodies about sweet 17. A mac may yet la England wed a lass of 38 nitbout danger of imprisonment or imperil ling bis character, and there is actually a record of a wicked lord of some SO winters leading to tbe altar a young damsel of 13 summers. It is related tbat tbe officiating clergyman, upon seeing the bridal party enter tbe cburcb, told tbem tbat tbe font was at tbe other end of tbe cburcb. "What do I want of tbe font?" inquired tbe aged beau. "I beg your pardon," said the clergy man, "I thought you had brought tbe child to be christened." Mr. Isaacs, In his capacity of Attorney- General, proposes to suppress tbe ancient and well established business of usury. May success crown his efforts, for cheap money and plenty of it Is unquestionably one of the greatest needs of poor humanity. The eter nal want of pence is a plagucy thing which has gone far towards spoiling many a fine character, and If Mr. Isaacs can by legisla tion solve the problem of how young ne'er do well is to raise the wind without lodg ing sufficient security with the honest money lender, he will deserre a monument. Of course the borrower, possessing ample se curity, will not thank Mr. Isaacs for Ills bill, for at all times money is to he had by him for the mere asking. But the borrower who comes empty handed baa a different tale to tclL And after ail money lending is very much on all fours with the business of marrying a rich wife; It is not all profit, and there are some disappointments to be reckoned with, as tbe Scotchman fouud to bis cost after a third marriage. This specu lator In matrimony was congratulated in tbe following terms by bis friends:— "We hear you are getting money with your wife; you did so on tbe last two occasions; you'll get quite rich by your wives." ".Deed," quietly replied Sandy, "what wi" bringin' them in, and puttln' tbem out, there B nae muckle made o' the business." Down Virginia, before tbe present cruel war with Spain, the State Legislature em ployed Itself regulating by statute law tbe relations and conduct of youths towards girls attending school. The youths are In so many sections and sub-sections hereinafter mentioned forbidden to hold communication for purposes of flirtation wltb female pupils, either orally or lu writing, or "by signs or otherwise." Senator M'Cune, who drafted the bill, was evidently aware tbat the lan guage of Cupid lias many dialects, and can at times make Itself remarkably well under stood "by signs or otherwise." But tbey will Dot stand tbat sort of thing down in Vir ginia. Any person who commits one of tbe very numerous offc- uccs described In Senator M'Cune's bill; such as loitering, wandering or sitting upon tbe public roads or "side walks," with "Intent to annoy, vex or dis turb the occupants, teachers or pupils of any giris' school, shall, upon conviction, be lined not less than 5 or more than 50 dol for a first offence." If he offends again he may be sent to prison for any period not exceed ing 30 days. What a very dull place Virginia must be to golden yonth. A Sbakspearian fancy dress ball. In aid of tbe dramatic fund, is to be held In the Town Hall shortly. Every person who at tends Is to represent a character in one of Shakspeare's plays, or a character belouging to bnukspeare's period. Very good, mi far as it goes. But why not go farther, by way of a novelty? Why not have a character representing Sbakspeare — tbe bard is easily enougb represented; there Is a bar ber In Sydney who to this day attracts and amnses customers by his wonderful aud carefully cul tivated resemblance to Sbakspeare — stand npon tbe platform and deliver the prologne in Elizabethan English? Furthermore, why not have this made up Swan of Avon leave tbe stage, and mixing amongst his charac ters observe, in h loud, hoarse whisper to, say, tbe Earl ot Southampton, "It might please your lordship to remember tbat there arc certain moneys due to me for a sbeaf of sonnets addressed to your lordship"; or to Queen Elizabeth, "May your bumble sub ject, William Sbakspeare, remind your Grace that be did give your Grace many tickets for ye performance of ye play entitled Ham- lick, or ye Prince of Denmark, what time ye French ambassador was at ye court of your Grace?" He would scoop in money all the time, because the characters, in order to keep up tbelr parts, would have to pay him or else be subjected to the Jeers and jibes of Falstaff and Banlolph and tbe rest of the comic Sbakspearian crew. And another per son in fancy dress representing Bacon should maunder abont tbe place, button holing every character be met, and saying, "Don't mind that varlet, he's a fraud. Owes me 20 crowns to this day. Said he was starring and I lent him the money, and gave elm a lot of rubbishy stuff for his theatre. And he calls them Shakspeare's plays! I don't think much of them myself, but ye might drop Some small change into ye genolns eld ghost's hat for ye sake of ye fund." The Australian native has at last asserted himself. It Is high time, too, that he did. Cp til! last week it was imagined that when he went to a local A.X.A. meeting there was nothing ia which he so mcch revelled as a j disquisition upon Federation, or Blmetal- ; Ilstn, cr the Fiscal Issue. . Careful grey i bearded fathers used to say. to their wires, "Tom or Dick or Harry j la getting a ; thoughtful look on fcha I don't like to see on a young felloar." And the mothers would reply, "Yes; ever since he began to attend the meetings of that club, I have no ticed that he has lost all interest In chop ping firewood. Ton— (with infinite pathos— yea hare to do that cow. father." The Carl ton branch of the A.X.A. has started a movement wh'eh, if carried out. will case tie minds of parrot s of Australian natives. Its idea Is not remarkably original, but |3 brilliantly practical. A large majority of tne members of said bra inch have enthusias tically voted in favor of holding a periodical Euchre Tournament— entrance fees to be handed over to the winner. This promise to be something like something Australian But it is quite possible that when Tom. or Dick or Harry come home after one of these he will look mere thoughtful than he ever did after listening to an address ca Bim»'a!- 11&C2.; A ner aspect el tie great luncheon que;- tion, which has so many ramifications and Vi-vusioos, was presented this week ia tfc Insolvency Conn. The Chief Clerk, it ap pears, does not consider tbe provision of luncheon at a trustee's auction sale a legal expenditnre. Judge Melesworth has doubts on the subject, but is disposed to admit tiat luncheons at country sales are necessary, though not ia cities, where restaurants and bars abound. The great mind of the pnblic, however, has co donbt whatever about the matter, neither have the auctioneers. The lunch draws and gratifies buyers, and with appropriate liquid refreshers pats them into a bidding humor, it Is ill either dealing or arguing with a fasting man; and auc tioneers are of the same mind ax the lady, whose one specific for influencing men was "Feed the brutes." It is, however, still more important — at a sale— to liquor up. At a recent big clearing sale up country, after the battle was over and the auctioneer bad reckoned up his commission, he remarked, with a touch of half reproachful regret to his clerk, "Pity the whisky ran out at 4 o'clock, if they had had half a dozen ia re.-crve it wouid have been 13 more lu my pocket." 