THE " WESTERN MAIL." SPECIAL CHRISTMAS NUMBER The special Christmas number of the WESTERN MAIL will be issued to-morrow. It surpasses anything of the kind pre- viously issued in the colony, containing no fewer than 104 page, all illustrated. As with last year's special Christmas number, it has not been found practicable to issue it to subscribers, who will, therefore, have to secure it in the usual way through our agents or direct from the head office. ...THE LETTERPRESS... The contents of this number are suffi- ciently varied to appeal to all tastes. Among the fiction three prise stories in the WES- TERN MAIL Christmas story competition are prominent, being given the place of honour on the opening pages, after the seasonable greeting to our readers at the very start. Well on towards a hundred stories were sent in. They were noticeably ahead of the contributions received last year. The judges awarded the prizes thus : "Connolly's Bonanza Bush," by George Hope, first prize (£6) "The Prodigal," by N. T. Philpott, second prize (£3) "The Capture of Jimmy," by Julian Mitchell, third prize (£1) "The Mystery of a Man's Spirit," by James H. Odell, and "The Martyrdom of Manton," by Marcus Clarke, junior, were very highly commended. Room in this issue could only be found for the prize stories. Others will be published in our ordinary weekly issue. In this issue there are several other tales by Aus- tralian authors, notably "The Ghost of Brigalow Bend," by " Wanderer," a "nom de plume" that will be recognised by many; "Hearts and Spades," by Jeannette St. Clair, another familiar name; and "Skele- ton Gully," by Arthur Watts. "A Christmas Eve Conspiracy," by Lilian Quiller Couch; "A Matter of Millions," by William Le Queux; and "The Ghost's Touch," by Fergus Hume, will also attract attention. The children have not been forgotten, and have a whole section to themselves contain- ing a special letter from "Aunt Mary," the prize stories in their competition, " Exit Bogie," by Mrs. Bateson, and a page ful of games. But solider matter also appears. The article on " The Progress of Western Australia from 1835 to1898" shows all through the hand of an expert, and gives information as to the develop- ment of the colony that is usually left to Bluebooks. "A Story of South Perth Mill" is equally effective, although in a different strain. The chief industries of the colony are dealt with in more detail in subsequent pages. No fewer than 27 pages are given to a detailed account of the gold-mining industry on each field, with a less copious reference to the subordinate mining of coal, copper, tin, and diamonds. There is an account of the timber in- dustry, followed by an interesting article on "The Botany of Australia," by Dr. Morrison, botanist of the Department of Agriculture. All the industries relating to the utilisation of the soil come on for consideration. Space is also devoted to sporting. The historical aspect touched on in ''The Progress of Western Aus- tralia" and "A Story of South Perth Mill" becomes more prominent in "Australia's First Englishman," where the story of Dampier's voyages to this continent is given in his own words and even in the spelling of his times. Even a sermon is not omitted, " The Old- fashioned Virtue of Kindness," by "Ian Maclaren," appearing. . . .THE ILLUSTRATIONS. . . While the letterpress is so comprehen- sive, the illustrations are scarcely less so. Winning photographs in the WESTERN MAIL Christmas photographic competition are given, as well as many others sent in. The prizetakers were : Single view, taken in Western Australia (£3), Mr. E. T. Hamersley. Study of Beauty (£2), Messrs. Shaw Brothers. Second prize, Study of Beauty (10s.), Mr. Adair. Best Study of Animal Life (£1), Messrs. Shaw Brothers. Best series of photographs illustrative of life in Western Australia (£5), Mr. C. Walker and Mr. W. Short divide. There are photographs of the Governor, his deputy, and the Ministry of the colony, while on subsequent pages come the mayor and 1897-8 councillors of Perth and views of the city, Fremantle council and views, photographic studies by Messrs. Greenham and Evans, maps and old wood-cuts of Dampier's voyages, mining diagrams, tables and photographs of life on the fields and the municipalities there, a page of leading sharebrokers and another of leading commercial men of the colony, while a whole page is given to the Perth Park and its committee. . . . THE DESIGNS. . . Amongst the numerous attractions offered in this special Christmas number will be found three pictorial designs which are somewhat unique in their character. They are from the brush of Mr. J. W. B. Linton, a gentleman who some time back arrived in this colony, and whose artistic work has besn greatly admired. The prin- cipal design will be found on the first page. The artist has hit upon a happy theme, and thrown into its development many pleasing fancies and appropriate details. The basis of the picture is the prophecy that the future of the colony will be one of brightness and success. Perth is depicted as seen from the Mount, and the Town Hall and other public build- ings can be discerned. In the background are the Darling Range, over which ap- pears the rising sun. Characteristic Western Australian plants are scattered at the foot of the design, and spaces are filled with botanic specimens, the idea being to make the work as representative as possible of the colony and her resources. The artist's prophesy is conveyed by the central figure, that of " Prosperity," who is taking riches from a casket and shower- ing them upon the city and colony. There is a further demonstration of belief in the progress of the colony at the foot of the picture, where a cornucopia is pouring forth a tempting mass of fruits of various kinds. In elaboration of his idea of locali- sation, the artist has given on the right side of the design a representation of the well-known "kangaroo's paw," a wild flower that is in great favour amongst florists in the months when our indigenous flora are in their glory, and the soil is covered with gorgeous blooms. The freize work at the head will be regarded as a fitting addition to the theme being composed of swans. The children's page will be more interesting to the young folks by reason of Mr. Linton's appropriate design. It is purely Christmas in character, and the treatment is just what the children will appreciate. Father Christmas is seen coming over snowy hills in a sledge drawn by a reindeer, to bring gladness to the expectant hearts of the children, and presents innumerable. Some of these pre- sents are shown, but there are many others in the vehicle in which the good old gentleman is driving. There is a sugges- tion of a good tims in the plum pudding, and other edibles, and in the thirst quenching liquors, and the clown looks brightly from his vantage point and begs to wish our young people an enjoyable Christinas. He only hopes that a glimpse of his funny features will bring a smile to the healthy, sun-burnt cheeks of the little ones; and perhaps he may, too, bring re- collections back to the children of larger growth who felt, in years gone by, that it was "meat and drink to see a clown!" There is the Christmas dinner, children, and the artist must surely have some love for you all, for has he not, in the smoke that arises from the templing pudding, framed the Christmas wish that is spoken and snug in all homes during this festive season ? The third design is devoted to sporting, and includes yachting, just now in full swing, cycling, cricket, hunting, boxing, football, tennis, and bowls, the latter historical game being appropriately inserted, as the pastime is growing in popularity in this colony. 