I Tests of Vitality. S ? Our English exchanges furnish us with -full reports of the time-honoured May .meetings in Exeter Hall. These red letter days in tbe history of missions . appear to grow in interest and enthusi asm, and afford ample proofs of the : increasing vitality of British Methodism. Though the personnel of the platform has almost entirely changed since Luke Wiseman, Dr. Punshon, Gervase Smith, and men of like note passed away, the eloquence of Exeter Hall speeches keeps ? up to the same high level, and as eager ? crowds wend their way to these great : annual gatherings. This year has not been an exception to the rule. A vast congregation listened with thrilling de light to Dr. Parker in Great Queen : street Chapel as he discoursed on the untabulated results of Christian mis sions. The Annual Breakfast meeting : appears to have been one of the best held for years. And, if the newspaper reports are a safe guide, the great Home .and Foreign Missions of the Mother Church were never in a healthier con dition or more intensely cherished by her people. 'Though in past years the Foreign Missionary meeting was the chief attraction of the May meetings, spiritual ? enthusiasm has apparently eaten its way into every department of church ? enterprise until every part of it burns .as with a white heat of heavenly fire. The Foreign Missionary meeting was \- quite equal if not superior to any of the .grand. Christian demonstrations that .have preceded it. It was presided over ???by Sir George Chubb, as twenty-seven years ago a similar meeting was pre sided over by his father. Mr. 'Watkin- ?. son (President of the British Confer = ence) has seldom made a better speech. 1 The venerable Indian missionary and ? Christian statesman — Dr. Ebenezer . Jenkins — though now in his eightieth year, ... spoke with all the intellectual penetration, and with much of the physical energy of his earlier life. Mr. Ambery Smith and Dr. Hodge spoke \- of work and results in India and China. And after the perusal of the several : speeches there is no room for wonder at the interest taken in Foreign Missions by ? old-country Methodists. However, while ?-there is no flagging in British Methodist . zeal for Foreign Missions, a gratifying . feature of the May meetings is a wonderful growth of attachment to Home Mission work. No record of ^achievements could have been more .j stimulating than that which was pre . sented to the Methodist public in Wesley Chapel. Dr. Pope read a : splendid report. The Devon and Dorset Mission was represented by the Rev. J. 'Sutcliffe Allen. A wonderful story was told by the Rev. S. F. Collier, of the Manchester Mission, and the Rev. E. P. Lowry, chaplain to the forces at Alder shot, roused intense enthusiasm while speaking of his work among the soldiers These too great branches of service, outside of, and resting upon, the circuit system — which is the basal strength of British as of colonial Methodism, are moving grandly forward like twin giants to wrestle with and overcome ignorance and indifference and every other enemy of Christ Kingdom. At every meeting there was a ring of Christian imperialism — of conscious strength and certain con quest, which makes us proud and thank ful to perpetuate the name and extend the work of the mother Church in these lands. Two noteworthy facts are impressed upon us by the reports of the May Meetings. For one we all shall rejoice, and in the other we shall find food for reflection. So far as Foreign Missions are concerned there are given to us ample proofs that the long time of seed sowing is being followed by rich in gathering. The Rev. Sheldon Knapp, speaking of Ceylon, said that, though the population had increased 400 per cent, during the century of British rule, one in every ten of the population had become Christian, and that of the 150,000 children in the Government schools, one in every four had been baptised in the name, not of Buddha, but of Jesus Christ. And from all parts of the mission field there were reports of successful work. In this every Australian Methodist will rejoice. For, in our own missions to the heathen, we have a great heritage and a great responsibility. The other fact to which we refer, and which was plainly exhibited in the report of the Home Missionary Committee, is the glorious power of adaptation to meet the needs of every class of society, and the peculiar circumstances of modern times. While the mother Church clings as determinedly as ever to the time-honoured and time- tested cir cuit system, she is adopting with extraordinary zeal and success new methods of purifying the national life at its fountains by reaching the hearts of those who dwell in the villages of England. At the same time, in dense and degraded populations, where the circuit system has proved unequal to the work, she has set it aside, and, by the establishment of costly and far- reaching Mission enterprises, she is flashing through the turgid, unrestful sea of human ignorance, filth, and vice the light-giving and life-giving rays of a divine charity. Her work amongst rich and poor, civilians and soldiers, is in itself a grand proof of her spiritual vitality, and of her organic fitness to be an instrument of the Holy Ghost as the great Healer and Purifier of the nations ? ♦ ? 