SHREDS AND PATCHES. \-- + - ti (BY ARGUS.) A. Hobart lady, more remarkable for her lavish display of jewelry than for the elegantce of her language, was heard between the intervals at Elwick on Cup Day, relating to a, sympathetic -friend a trying experience she had re- cen:ily passed through on a. steam- boat. "I can't tell you, my dear," she exclaimed, as she brought her tale of woe. to a conclusion, "how very L glad I was to get back once more to it terra cotta." The Avoca murder case, has caused the vexed question of circumstantial evidence to be discussed in the city during the week, and nataurally the opinions given have been many and various. I remember some years ago the topic was under discussion at a meeting of our local debating society, when the gathering was considerably broken up by one of the members con- eluding an impassioned address with the following unique assertion:-"Mr. Speaker and gentlemen,-I give you my word I ,would not commit a man upon circumstantial evidence, even if I saw him do the deed with my own eyes." No doubt there are many who have read Sam Lover's story of "Father Phil's Collection," and laughed merrily over the quaint remarks of the kindly- hearted priest. The West Coast boasts of possessing Father Phil's counter- part, as a couple of residents, lately from Melbourne, can testify. A col- lection was recently taken up on be- half of a new church in one of the townships of the "Wild West," and the whole affair proved a huge suc- cess. Two brothers, lately over from Victoria, had determined to give be tween them a' cheque for five guineas. The dfocument was drawn out in proper a form, and the elder of the twain put it in his pocket for presentation at the proper time. The crowd in the building, however, was so great, that the pair got separated, one getting lo- cated at the top of the aisle, and the man with the cheque found a seat near the bottom. When the collection came round, the brother at the top found \- to 'his dismay that the good priest was personally conducting a seat-to- seat canvass, calling outi the names of the donors, also the amounts given; and varying the proceedings by sundry comments thereupon. When his turn came, the eyes of the whole congrega tion were upon him, so all tha:t was left him to do was to shell out his loose cash, amounting to . three sovereigns, and look as pleasant as circumstances would permit. When the bottom section of the church was can vassed, the other brother handed in the joint cheque, so his reverence made an extra £3 on the deal. The twain declare that next time they determine to attend church on any such special occasion, each will go armed with his own particular cheque. They are a slap-dash, go-ahead lot in some of the Midland districts. Dur- ing one of 'the hottest days of the present summer, a couple of tourists contrived to arouse the landlord of a wayside "public" from his afternoon nap for the purpose of purchasing two of the most protracted beers he could raise on the premises. Boniface. after taking in the situation by degrees, at length summoned sufficient energy to explain he had no beer in the place. The travellers had cast-iron thirsts, and clamoured for something to quench them, but unless they liked to tackle spirits there was nothing else but water. "Isn't there .a bottle of beer to be had in the neighbourhood?" asked one of the pair in despair. "Well, yes, now I come to think of it." re plied the landlord, "there's bin a carsk a waitin' for me at! the railway station for tile larst two days. 'Ere, Billee, go an' catch the hoss. He's in Smed ley's paddock, 'bout a mile and 'arf away; bring 'im back, 'arness 'tin to the dray, an' fetch that there cnark of beer from the railway station; 'erg?'s two coves \'anth a long 'un apiece." The tourists decided to walk on to the next "public," somic four rIles dis taut; and when they passed the house of the drowsy landlord on their return journey next morning, Billee had not succeeded in catching Ithe horse. Nothing 'will eradicate the supersti tious element in human nature. For- tune-tellers still reap incomes from the credulous. Zadkiel's ,Almanac ap- pears annually with its accustomed promptitude. This is the sixty-eighth year of this famous and popular pro- duction. It contains numbers of curious predictions, and as an example I quote one for the current time. It is stated that the conjunction of Mercury with Mars, etc., "bodes ill for places of amusement, in more than one of which a conflagration may be expected about either 11th or 1.9th day of Feb- ruary." This conjunction "also af- fects tlhe Kaiser of Germany, who is to have a dispute on hand that will tax his patience severely; and it also disturbs the serenity of Russia and Prussia." If we; could only blame the :stars, what an easy excuse we would have. A Scotch divine in a. village not a hundred miles from. 1Hagley lately lost his cow, and staried on shank's pony to look for it. After travelling a few miles on the borders of Westwood, ,he met a friend in a pagnal, who im- parted the welcome intelligence that the "coo" was just down tlhe road, and the offer was made to wait until it was recovered, and they could drive it home in front of the trap. The day was' a roaster, and the offer was gladly accepted. The stray milker was ovenhauled, started homeward, and the tired minister took his seat in the trap. All went well till the animal reached the lane leading to the Angli- can Church, up which. she made a de- termined bolt. Not desirous that an animal of. his should thus display, Episcopalian tendencies, his reverence whipped out of the trap to turn her back; but the "coo" was bent on Angli- cism, and required a deal of persua- sion to return to 'the straight path that led to the bovine Presbyterian para- dise. The next lane, which went to the residence of the local dominle, had also a charm for the beast, and again there was a severe conflict of opinion and will. However, Presbyterianism and a stick won the day,. and the ani- mal was once more turned in the right direction. Just here the dominie was encountered, and, looking at the heated ministerial countenance, and then at the ' "coo," he quietly asked what the minister was going to do with his milker. "Your cow? Surely not,".but mutual explanations showed that facts were against him, and as he acknow- ledged the ownership he registered mental vow that when he got l is own beast again he would put a rea.l cove- nanting brand on her there should be no mistaking. A lady friend from out Longford way was visiting an acquaintance in Launceston, and as the pair were walk- ing in the garden a sudden glance of recognition passed between the visitor and the gardener. As they passed on the visitor remarked, "So you have got John as gardener, have you?" "Yes," was the reply, "do you know him?" "Oh, yes, he was my gardener, and he got me into a fine fix one day. You see, it was this way. I was out helping him, and was in a rather dishevelled condition with raking and clipping, when I saw a gentleman friend enter the gate. Not wishing him to see me in that plight, I slipped behind a tree, and told the gardener to tell my visitor that I was not at home. The visitor came up, and asked if I was in, and what do you Ithink the gardener said? 'No, sir, she's just behind that 'ere tree.' Of course I had to come out, but I gave e the fellow his 'walking ticket for his r stupidity." \----------------------- In connection with the pegging-out s of the sections at Lyell recently, overheard a conversation which might y contain the germ of a workable idea, so I give the gist of it. The argu- ment was based on the fact that every e body in the colony had a right to peg ouu a section, but that the method was absurd. The proposition that found n most favour was that everyone who wished should buy a half-crown or five-shilling ticket issued by the Go- r vernment for a right in the drawing, and that the sectlions should be drawn for like Tattersall's consultations. The .e surplus over expenses to go to the bush fire fund, or, in case of no such special fund, to the: hospitals. Large num- . bers of people who could not have gone r to Lyell would willingly .have bought Sa ticket for the dramwing. The tidings published recently of the flying fox plague in Northern Austra- lia reminded me I once had a Queens- land friend whose paDrticular fad was that everything was good to eat. iHe had tried stewed snakes, ragout of rats, snail soup (those same shellbacks is that destroy our tender plants), and at last one day he decided to have a fricassee of flying fox. Now, flying foxes vie with the polecat for odour; of the two, the polecat is preferable. Several friends were invited to din- ner, in ignorance of the treat in store, so they should give a verdict "without prejudice," and the covers were re moved. One by one the friends asked to be excused, and, standing at a dis tance, insisted on the host tasting his "fancy dish." One spoonful was enough! Let me draw the curtain. For- tunately his practical wife had a leg *e of mutton in another room. a A conversation this week about n ghosts reminded me of an adventure co I had with a ghost in my youthful l' days. I was about 10 or 11 years old cr at the time, and one nighti, about the at uncanny hour of twelve, had occasion to to pass a graveyard. There was a e. full moon. and the ivind blow in gusts. tsAs I walked on, lonely, and perhaps toa bit nervous at my unusually late ed outing, I heard a rush as of wings be se hind me, and saw something white rise of out of a grave and rapidly approach me. Then, with another rush. it passed me a few yards, leapt the low fence, and flew back on me. Oh. heavens! what a moment of cold, on clammy knock-kneedness, as I raised my arms in defence to find it was a sheet of the morning paper that a midnight zephyr was playing with. Worcester Sauce.--If you want the best, ask your storekeeper for Maconochie Bros.' he For its piquancy and appetising qualities is- it has no rival. Always welcome witb xse cold meats, etc-* 