THE . NOVELIST. THE BANDANOOLA CAVALRY. (BY ONE OF THEM".) For years and years some fortunate countries have no histories, and then, as if some spell had been broken, changes and events come tumbling over each other's heels. It was just like this with Port Strong., That great epoch-making, the ocean steamer Tankpot had scarcely left us a twelvemonth before the district was again stirred to its depths. Everybody I must- remember how the great ocean steamer came to place Smeeley's store in direct communication with London, and how the directness of that line was broken by the machinations of the miserable Port Frowsy folk, who, for a few bales of sheepskins and old bones, backed by shameless exaggeration. lured their great 8.3 Tankpot into what they were pleased to call their port. How completely ult. the sweets of their shame I less triumph were turned to gall when a our town great sea captain, Harbour-master Chester who had never been to Befe for a day in his life, navigated the Tankpot - into Port Frowsy, crushing 'wítíf'.scornful contempt all their own harbourmaster s offer of pilotage?' All this Wafestill discussed at Smeeley's general store. The conversation then naturally drifted to the topic of the hour, the disturbed state of European politics. Amid some little excitement Trevor read out the latest of the *' scare." The political atmosphere was very thundery. *' And there's no mistake we want protection here," said nicely, with a decisive and impressive pat on the old packing-case of clothes-pegs he was seated on " Protection ! Thought you was all for a freetrade," said Craggs. 5 No, not that protection, defence is what I mean. Just look here now ; suppose all these French and Russian and Yankee and German coves tackle the old country, how are we going to keep the wretches from footing' and lan coming here? That's what I want to know. "Why, they'd just come in here and make a clean sweep of the lot." M Smeeley-.waved'his hand towards the A store, and our eyes all rested on the row 'of "fly-spotted tin "billies, ' hopplestiaps arid, a couple of garish hued nigs that waved in the breeze at the door, such tempting booty to a privateer.' *' There's the boys to give them par tickler gross," and young Haldon clutched a picture almanac that swung in the sand, on which were stencilled a line of charging soldiers in such perfect order that it was hard to believe they were not all spilled on a long skewer. " There's the coves; they'd knock most kind of spots out of any chaps that dared to land here." It will thus be evident that all were thorougly impressed with the belief that at that very moment the war councils of Europe were sitting late with wet towels round their heads wrestling with that complex problem to be known later in military history as the " Seduction of Port Strong." "I reckon if we was to get all the coves found here to form themselves up into a regiment, they wouldn't dare leave their ships to touch us ;" of this young Charlie Haldon was quite confident. And it was from this small beginning that grew the Port Strong troop of the Bandanoola Horse Pott Frowsy in its miserable fashion followed suit, and, as usual, claimed the credit of initiating the movement. I should like to tell of the! public meeting, at which the great Ka captain presided, " To consider the defence of Port Strong and the formation of a mounted force." He assured the jcar-seared-inhabitants-that-no foe should walk up that jetty excepting over his shattered and derelict hulk He'd read the piece of seventeenth century ordnance opposite his house (it was two feet six inches long and usually transported on a wheelbarrow) load her right up to the muzzle and lake the jetty, even if it swept away the lighthouse at the end but here he was safe, A his cannon would not have carried half way and the cavalry should make prisoners of the survivors " " Shiver his timbers, but he'd join and 'list with them himself, but they knew a horse was a strange craft for a true seaman to board and handle, ketches him if it weren't." Naturally public meetings brought flown the member for the district, old Joe Magnitude, who, after carefully feeling the district pulse and finding that sentiment was unanimous, feared strongly in its favour. "'The splendid patriotism of his electorate should not be burned or the Government should fall." Then, bitterly regretting that he had pledged himself to support the Ministry all through the session for the Miserable consideration of a little culvert NEver Dog's Hindleg Creek, he boarded the Government the>following week with the electorate's petition for arms, uniform, and an instructor. Boarded them in the smoke, as it a treat for old Joe Magnitude entered the Minister's office just as Mr. Tony Placed, at the head of a deputation, was requesting the removal of Ser < giant Macscraggan from the charge of the city ' markets and public-houses. ''Macscraggan was a tyrant, no market Never was safe, and he summoned means' for breaking the law ever so ,' ; the man was a martinet and a despot," ended Places, amid a hum of approval. The Minister made the rubber stamp" reply, "The request would receive the earnest consideration of the Government," and so it followed naturally that Sergeant Macsciaggan appeared,at.Poit Strong to enrol the corps of mounted volunteers. The enthusiasm was immense, and 'the Captain '' Macscraggan was inaugurated in his command with the usual banquet. '. He was a tall, spare e, sandy grey, hard-bitten old warrior, with a stern, sourish expression acquired during ten years' service as dull sergeant and occasional riding master with the 107th Royal Irish Dragoons a regiment so noted for its ability to make good soldiers out of the wildest and roughest material that recruits were drafted to it accordingly We soon felt how much of this fame must have been due to, Mac Scroggins ' He'sat through that tedious complimentary function and listened to all the speeches, mostly wild and bloodthirsty without a change of expression, and when', in a very flowery effort, that Sjn'g of oratory-our member-proposed Kls'health', he replied in a cart and an emotional ' fashion. " \jwbenithe uniforms came was the time for a second burst of enthusiasm, and it was, truth to tell, somewhat needed, for the preliminary drills under the cap- tain " were no child's play. This, however, is slightly.anticipating. "With such imminent danger to the Bandanoola district and Port Strong, its metropolis, of course everybody turned up to be enrolled. Squatters and their sons, farmers and boundary- riders in fact, every soul 4 that owned a horse. I have said how eager we all were to flow the<exceeah]gly smart, stylish, semi brigand uniform when it arrived, but on this detail " Captain" Macsciaggan had a word to say at the next drill. " Before there is one a button of that uniform issued, before eye a war of the Bandanoola Horse is uniformed, he'll have to look like a soldier without them. " and properly set up as a soldier should beV; Look the dragoon, that is the 3 a-. mounted manner' understand' me now ? shoulders' back, Number Fa wour! Heels together, Number 17 ! Hould yourselves like men and not like straggling drunks crawling before the back in the morning ' Chins up and chests out! Stiffen up, men; ye're like so much wet tags on a clothes line. numbering Fawour, > shift that lump from between your shoulders,' and ye'd look like a man and not likely 8ick.dbrumedary ; this is no camel corps. Steady now every man of you Now, when I give the order 'Stand at the' ye'll-Number seven, wad ye like a peg stuck in the wall to hang yerself from," etc., etc. Such were the earnest ministrations of Captain Macscraggan. Too earnest for some of us, who would have left "'Port Strong to its destruction at the hands of an enemy but for shame and for the sergeant's taunt that he really did not think there were more than half a dozen in the whole roll who'd make soldiers. " Soldiers, being conscience ; forty straw Guy Foxes 'nd look better." But we persevered, and so did the sergeant with all that winning suaveness of manner which, his ten years' moulding rowdy Irish recruits had given him. How we sweated, and * drilled, and marched, and extensive-motioned, and sword- exercised, and rifle drilled, and yet only one or two, and on the most transparent excuses, resigned. At last we had finished our "fub" drill, and asked for our uniforms. " What, before yeVe done riding school ?" The mere request seemed to tickle the sergeant. He had never been known to laugh, but it was judged that he came near to it that time. It was the old reason, "Not till we looked like mounted men without the clothes should the clothes be served out to us." "Whoever has gone- through riding school under a "stiff drill" needs no description to recall his experience, and of those who have not not even the most gifted and imaginative can realise what that rugged instruction is like At last we got our uniforms, after a most particular and detailed instruction on " turn out." ? . Then there chanced that way a travelling photographer, who must have made more than a small fortune. The whole troop was taken each section was taken, mounted and on foot, and at every kind of exercise, and every man in the troop was taken, with and without his horse, and with and without his arms, and the officers were taken together and separately; and in full dress and undress, and in groups with their families. Really, for a common travelling photographer he was in the quickest of operators evidently a finished tradesman. He just placed us easily and without any of the initiatory fussing about posing, snapped us, wrote our names on the back of a plate," took our money in advance, and when the whole troop, or every man of them, commenced to make his life a burden to him, bothering him to show them a proof-well, he just stepped on board the Sarsaparilla ketch overnight, and was seen in Port Strong no more. Shaving and military pointed moustaches had came into fashion of course, and there is little doubt had that swind- ling photographer not victimised-us and a picture of the local corps appeared in the illustrated papers the war councils of the Powers would have given up. as mad- ness any attempt to " reduce Port Strong." It need scarcely be said that we wore uniform on every occasion, and even when there was no occasion. We reached the highest pinnacle of our military glory when we were brigaded with the Port Frowsy troop for the general's inspection. All except the bedridden from both ports came to see the inspection in a paddock, about midway between the townships. We marched, trotted, and wheeled past. We charged, and went through all the usual squadron movements in a manner that Macscraggan managed to let us know between each manoeuvre, was enough to make a man think we had been born that day and never seen a horse or a drill' before enough to make a man shoot his aged mother with 'disgust.'" "Houldyerselves! Heads up ! We're not lookin' for poisoned rabbits, ye miseries," he hissed at ns in the true instructor's sotto voce, so that only those addressed should - hear. "But ye're better than that mob of stragglers from Frowsy, anyway." The general at the end of the day said many complimentary things of our troop, while Macscraggan looked anything but pleased in fact, I never saw him look more awfully grim than under the general's compliments. His jaws set harder than ever, and he glanced at us as much as to say, " When the general has finished giving you this kinds soft pap 111 take you in hand." Then the general told Macscraggan how pleased he was with the inspection. " The credit, of it is due to their instructor ;. I can see you have worked hard with them." Macscraggan made his usual salute in acknowledgment, and we marched home. How far the military strength of Port Strong had affected the European Powers it is, of course, impossible to say, but it is certain that just about the same time the next mail arrived in England the political horizon suddenly cleared. The dispersion of the war clouds did not of course mean the disbandment of-the Bandanoola Horse; far from it. but still there was a perceptible cooling of our warlike ardour, and a proportionate fall in the war strength of the Port Strong troop. Unfortunately, it happened just then that one of the officers left the district, and at least 30 per cent, of the rank and file saw at once that if any other than himself were promoted it would mean the inevitable fate of the corps. I will admit that though many were more clamorous for the vacancy than I, I seriously thought of resigning, when Smeeley, who rode like one of his own flour bags, got the commision. Uniforms, too, seemed to lose some of their lustre, and, disappointingly soon, ceased to have that staggering effect on the ladies of the neighbourhood. , Drills were less frequent, and the captain-in- structor, to make profitable use of his spare time, rented a small farm about six or seven miles from the port, where he took up his abode. On Will. days, however, he was the same Macscraggan as ever, blazed out at us about the shameful condition of our arms and accoutrements, and gave as the stiffest of drills. There was a uniformity about the man, a lack of light and shade in his composition which failed to gain him even the least popularity, and, being a stern and reserved old fellow, nobody acquired anything approaching to in- timacy with him " I'm getting a bit full of this soldiering' business," grumbled young Haldon' one day after a drill, "nothing but dry graft and hard cussing from Macscraggan. I'll chuck it." but he didn't, unfortunately, like many others, who preferred amusing themselves to drill ; he merely absented himself from drill, till after a short eighteen months it seemed as if the Port Strong troop of Bandanoola Horse was dying a lingering death. Frowsy's troop had died andjheir_fat drill sergeant had been recalled to head quarters and retrenched long ago. When, for month after month, only half turned up to drill, and then these gradually dwindled till only a poor seven or eight turned up to the musters), it looked like the beginning of the end. The '. Staff "' wrote, hard things to Macscraggan. threatening disbandment and the loss of his billet if the attendance did not improve, and when, after these communications arrived, the seven or eight in fortunates came to drill, the old sergeant visited on them (it is always so all the wrath he felt against the absentees. What particularly annoyed him was that for a ball at, the institute we all turned up in uniform as bravely as possible, and in nearly full numbers. Then the Ministry came down to light the new kerosene burner in the little light;' tower at the end of the jetty, a great occasion, - and the old sea captain made a splendid speech about cataloptricity lights and many other things, why the whole troop turned out to escort the Ministry for the last five miles of the road. Every man Jack of them, too, turned out for George Tyler's wedding, and we formed a mournful escort at poor Jemmy Shackleton's funeral, and yet, in spite of the general's wiggings, the skulls would not attend their drills. For Captain Macscraggan to ask a man to attend would have outraged the discipline that was ninety per cent, of the old fellow's nature, so he only remained proudly and disdainfully apart, and we neglected him. The end of the corps we knew was only a matter of weeks. General (dealer) Suieeley had been told so in town quite lately, by one of the " Staff," and altogether we were not very sorry the thing had grown stale and become a recriminatory nuisance; besides, old Macscraggan was such a biting old Tartar. We felt a little guilty, when a few weeks later we learned that our instructor was seriously ill, and subsequently, though considerably shocked, we were not altogether unprepared when Traggs, the surveyor, rode into the township one morning with the sad news that poor old Macscraggan had died the evening before and would be buried the next day at half-past ten, all the funeral arrangements being made with Port Frowsy people. A fiery north wind, carrying clouds of dust, swept right into our faces as those of us who lived at or near the township defiled from it under the temporary command of Lieutenant Smeeley. The morale of the troop was low, not perhaps, inappropriate to the occasion, and, with the exception of the faithful few who had attended drill regularly, the troop was uniformly remorseful, for had not our disgusting laziness and neglect embittered the last few months of the old warrior's hard life? The faithful were scattered here and there among the others who joined as we went along, and rode in twos and threes at dust distance from each other. "For my part I don't mind allowing that we treated old Macscraggan bad," said young Haldon, with outspoken penitence. "He was a man an' no bloomin' mistake ; none of your wing. and' crawling' about him. A grand old sort by gosh, he was. Spoke his mind out, too. ' "Tes, a good officer and a slashing fine drill," endorsed Trevor. I reminded them how he had taken us in hand and in less than four months, when the general inspected us, he said we were nearly fit to work with regulars. " And how the old chap would rub it into us," said Smeeley, " fine command of language. Rub it into all alike. Them young Talbys thought themselves bits of toffs, but they got it just as hot as anybody else, hotter if anything." " Well, all I can say is," began young Haldon again, after a long reflective pause, as we jogged along in that scorching wind and dust, " all I can say is I wish I had to do it all over again. I'd never miss a single drill, I wouldn't, sepmenever." And so, as we rode along and were joined by the others till we were within one or two of our full strength, we canonised the hard old drill-master. And more, we decided as we drew near his little homestead that out of genuine respect for the old fellow's memory we would all meet and drill regularly, " as regularly as when we began." It would be a kind of living monument to the old officer that should endure in the country for ever, and we would add to our strength, and, better still, besides the official title, we should be known to the world as the " Macscraggan's Own." It was wonderful how this proposal took, and what further developments might have resulted from the idea it is hard to say, but just here we came to the gate of the late Macscraggan's grass paddock, an. enclosure of two or three hundred acres, at the further side of which stood-his house. We "formed" before entering and rode up in proper troop order. Evidently we had been expected, for there was a lad at the gate who closed it carefully after us. Nothing struck us as so significant of the reserve and loneliness of the old man as the fact that we appeared to be the only ones who had come to pay him our last respects, and yet scarcely our last, for should we not always maintain the troop in splendid form, as a memorial of his work. Across the open paddock we rode in " the " and within a few yards of the tiny garden kept so' neatly by the sergeant and his wife, Captain Miller halted us, marched the front rank across the path and faced it about, and there we were, drawn up as an avenue of sorrowing comrades till the mournful procession should pass between us. Till then there was nothing for it but to wait in the blazing heat, which, of all kinds of waiting, is perhaps the most trying. For how long who could say, for the affair was in Port Frowsy hands, and as usual they were late. Now and again we cast a look at the little cottage, which told us nothing, though once I noticed the curtain held aside for a good five minutes. The bereaved widow, I supposed, looking for the funeral vehicle from Port Frowsy. But we were grilling there so long that at last Captain Miller passed up between the lines of troopers to the house to make enquiries. We were in extended order, each horse- man about six paces from his next number, and the captain had got within two or three of the end of the line, when, with a sudden jerk and clatter of stirrup and scabbard, he pulled his charger almost on to his books. Every man immediately craned forward, and their gaze passed from Captain Miller to what had evidently transfixed him and rivetted him to the spot. There silhouetted against a clump of dark ti-tree that flanked the cottage on one side, was a mounted figure, motionless as the house itself, and facing down between the lines. The ends of the line furthest away drew in towards one another, form- ing a long narrow "V,"' gazing with outstretched necks and leaning forward over their horses' ears for a better view. Something of the electric tensity of our feelings was communicated to our horses. Smedley's grey gave a short, and every horse's ears pointed to the motionless mounted figure before that dark ti-tree clump. "By heavens, it's him," whispered young Haldon with awe, and Corporal Mike Flary crossed himself. And who could mistake him From where I was I could distinctly see his sandy red moustache standing out fiercer than ever, his eyes glaring at us as they always did when the line wobbled. We were mesmerised, and scarce dared look at one another. The grand old dragoon never looked more splendid. The horses were magnetised; they recognised ghost horse. A sudden gust of hot whirlwind caught the back of Mike Peary's hat as he leant forward. Snatching to seize it as it blew past his horse's ears, he missed the hat and struck his horse on the eye ; the horse bobbed his head and wheeled suddenly. It was enough. Every man and horse seemed to leave the ground as one; with one lift of all four feet the whole troop was a rushing, scurrying, panic-stricken, stampeding mob stretching across that grass flat to the gate, every horse pulling double, and every rider pulling half. " He's coming," called Haldon, with a frightened squeal, heard above even the thundering of two hundred hoofs. A backward glance showed the drill in- structor's shade with fine ghostly action following as if on air. To the gate, a bare six hundred yards, we raced in better than Newmarket Handicap time. I was well in the centre of the route, and we crowded hard on the leaders to get through and on to the road and away;! Fools, as if the gate would stop that deathly figure haunting us thus early for our misdeeds. "Locked!" cried Mike Fairy in the lead, despairingly, and we wheeled to the right and streamed along the fence. It was this sudden turn that was too much for Lieutenant Smedley, who rolled off like one of his own bags of flour, and scrambled through the fence, leaving his horse behind him. Away along the fence we pounded, where, we knew not, with the ghostly horseman sweeping lightly along behind us. Away to the lower corner, but here was wire again, and not a man in the troop of Bandanoola Horse would have dismounted to strap it down for all Kalgoorlie. " 'Tis only a low post-and-rail at the back," called Mike, still in the lead. " Out that way !" and we turned once again and thundered along the fence, streaming out like a flock of sheep before a dingo. The Bandanoola Horse feared nothing of flesh and blood, but this was something quite different. We raced hard for the low post-and-rail, but, as if divining our motives, the ghostly dragoon had cut off a corner and was riding to head us. Cut us off he must, although the pace was still excellent. I was about as scared as the rest, but I had wit, enough to pray that one of the leaders would break a rail. Miller, our captain, now raced for and took the lead on his thoroughbred bay, but the figure was heading him " Av ye break a panel of that fence, ye-ye flyin', scuttling' mob of ganders, Oi'll have the law as ye. Faith it's fine ye look now, like a troop of well- drilled horse." In an instant we had pulled up and stood a bunch of gathering, snorting horses and men, turned as if by magic from panic to shouts of laughter. " Dan ve !" roared the undoubted living voice of the only Macscraggan. " That's the Bandanoola Horse, is at ? Band of scared, panic-struck sight 'em and scampers." He laughed. It was the only time he had ever been known to laugh, and the shock nearly banished our new-found courage. " Flyin' helther sketcher, has for leather, from what ye thought was a man wants ! Look at yersilves! I'd give a month's pay for your portrait grafts, and I'd put a name under it, too. Was ye'd he known by, I could," and he grinned sardonically for one brief moment. " Ye miseries ! Av there'd been wire all round I'd "use kept ye circussin' round in loose fire till ye died of fright. I only feared for that post-and-rail, and then if ye'd we got out I'd be lost ye far the nice day's drill we're goin' to have !" It would not be easy accurately to describe the mental condition of the Port Strong troop of Bandanoola Horse at that moment. "Fall in!" ordered Macscraggan, sharply. "Dismount! Now hang yer horses to the fence and gather round here." We obeyed. "Thought I was dead ; well, ye had reason for that. Now I recollected this was the very last day's drill of the quarter his half-closed eyes were fixed on us with a gleam of cunning-" and the returns go to headquarters Monday next, so Of thought I'd just delay the final ceremony of my obsequies, and I'm quite myself the day, I thank ye." "But, look here now, this is hardly fair," mildly protested Captain Miller. "Not fair?" turning severely on Miller. " Not fair, no it is not when ye'll go to any dogfight in full strength and full uniform and-and skull. from year thrills, Losing' a man his billet because ye won't attend." " That's right enough, Captain Mac- scragg, but" Well, it's much obliged I am for the complimentary ye've paid me turning' out like this to pay your last respects, and I'll see we make full use of the occasion. By the powers ! the general will be well pleased. But listen now Captain Miller, what did I do ? I couldn't have a wedding foryotrwidoutcommittin' big Amy, nor a christening', for my youngest is twenty-seven and troop sergeant-major in the 19th Diehards in Hindostan. I can only draw ye out to my funeral, a little roosey de gaze. Now, ' Prepare to mount !" In spite of the trick that had caught us, I can say for certain that we were all honestly delighted at his resurrection, our joy perhaps a shade qualified later when, through all that terrible afternoon, Macscraggan endeavoured to make up for wasted time. If he had had handed over to him the bad residuum of the whole British army he could not have laid himself out to " shape" them with greater zeal, and only those who have experienced can imagine what Macscrag- gan could rise to when in thorough earnest. I was a record hot day, and we never challenged the record. " Now, see here,'' concluded Macscrag- gan to what was left alive of the troop at the end of that day, with a touch of sardonic humour. "I can't die very often to get a full muster, and' it won't do for all the world to know the whole Port Strong troop ran from one dead man in broad day-light as if the ould one was behind them. But, mind me now, if there's more of this wholesale skulking' from drill-well, Call not kape Port Strong from knowing' what that squadron movement was how, d'ye Understand' me now H " We did. The Port Strong troop of Bandanoola Horse returned wearily and very un bravely along the load. "How about those memorial drills, Haldon ? " asked Trevor, quietly, as we kicked our tired horses along in the dark. "Well, I reckon we'd better stick to that programme ; no mistake old Macscraggan's a smart old hack."' Perhaps the reader can now understand why the Bandanoola Horse is the smartest and most regular in attendance at drills-" an example to the whole force," vide " the general's report "-why throughout the district there is such a feeling of security. And this also at once explains the long continued European peace spite of war clouds and bloated armaments Chronicle. . '" 