PEARL'S CHRISTMAS RIDE. \- -c- By "QUEENIE." Mrs Clifton Talbot waNs giving a little dinner in honor of her daughter's birth day. A dozen guests sat around her well appointed table, with its charming deco rations of white chrysanthemums and feathery maiden-hair, and a good deal of lively chatter was going on, mingled with soft ripples of laughter, so that the hostess was able to assure herself com placently that she had paired the right people together, and that her party was going to be a success. Miss Enid Clifton-Talbot, although the queen of the day, was certainly not the centre of attraction at her mother's table. As that lady had not expected that she would be, she was not disappointed. Enid was pretty and winning, of course. but how could she shine in the presence of Pearl Sumner, her cousin, the brilliant young beauty who had turned the heads of a score or tn-wo of men during the pre vious London season?' Miss Sumner had been taken down to dinner by Sir Hugh Boyd, a jorial young sporting baronet, who ow-ned an estate not many- miles away from Clifton Court. On her other side she had the rising artist. Mr Maurice Holland. whose clever black-and-white work had brought him into prominence during the past tw-o years. Mrs Clifton-Talbot's only son. Eustace. n-was wont to sneer at young Holland. and to declare tihat ihe was of lowly origin: bur. when Pearl had clhallenged himn to verify his st'ltement upon one occnsion, he had been com pielled to admit his inability to do so. All he could say was that Mr Holland wn-as niever known to talkl about his people. and that cert:tin "fellows" said hlie had been educated by charity. "Oh. if you go by club-room scandal." declared Miss Pearl. wnithl a scornful tilt of her deliciously-dimpled chin. ''But 1 do not. remember. Therefore. it i's of no use to repent such things to me. un less you have more definite grounds to go upon." And she had been cool to him for a week after-wards. This had happened in the summer. and Eustace had left the Court in Septemlubr. in order to pay a round of visits. It now wnanted but a fewn- days to Christmas. and he had just returned, having seen lo one half so pretty as his cousin Pearl during his ab sence. anl having decided in his own mind that shie and no other should be the mistress of Clifton Court in the future. Miss Stunner was as yet quite uncon scionus of her cousin's intentions. Now and then she gave him a friendily smile across the table that seat the blood rush lug through his veins. He felt thlat lihe loved her far more passionately than lihe lnhad done three months before. And surely she had grown-n lovelier during his tibsence. To-night she wore a simple white gown. with short. puffed sleeves. and folds of lwhite silk about her slim waist, in which she looked almost a child in spite of her nineteen years. Her milk white neck and armns were bare. and the unrelieved lwhite of her gown seemed to accentuate the rirvid rose-red tints of her lips and cheeks, the deep blue of her eyes, the bronze hue of hlier riplpling hair. Young Holland seemed greatly to admire her, too. and hlie certainly paid mnore at tention to her than to the lady -who had fallen to his lot: but then. Mrs Vereker was not an exacting person, andti thought more of her dinler Il:than of dlesultory con versation. Pearl began to speak of Cihristnmas wheli the dinner nwas drawtn-ing to a close. Shite and her aunt and cousins were to spendl it with hlier guardian. old General Siumner, hlier father's elder brother. who lived in a ramubling ol house in Kent. about thirty miiles front the Court. 'I like going to Lytndhuret." she said. "Uinc!e Dick is very indulgent. and has olld-fashioned notions about Christmas. Hie keeps up thie custom of telling ghost stories on Christmas Eve. and hlie insists on h-ving snap-dragon and games. early dinner on Christmas Day, and a dance for the servants in the evening. I danced wnith the footman last year. and it wn-as such fun! I am iglad that you are goin= this time. Mr Holland. I know you n-will enjoy it all." Eustnee bit his lip angrily beneath his nioustache. How had "that fellonw" managed to secure an invitation to Lynd hurst? lie wondered. IHe had expected to have Pearl all to himself. and now But he was not really afraid of Hol land; he lhad a spoke to put in the wheel of that pIresuming young artist. For a fewn moments hlie sat regarding thie great bowl of flowers in front of hlim. and then he roused himself, and. bending forward. addressed his cousin: "Pearl. how would you like to go down to Lyndhiurst on your bicycle?" he asked. Tile soft pink flush deepened on the girl's cheeks; her eyes beamed. "Eustace! It would be charming! Why did I not thlink of it? And this frost has made the roads delightfully firm. Will you take me?"' "With great pleasure. little cousin." he returned. smiling. "It wn-ill be a nice spin for us. Enid. I known. will prefer to go by rail with mother." "Then that is settled." said Pearl. gleefully. "Thank you so much. Ens tace." She gave him a soft. grateful glance across the table from her sweet blue eyes, and after that hecould bear to see her turn again to Holland. Even when. later in the evening.the pair wandered off to the conservatory. Eustace merely shrugged his shoulders, and made no at tempt to follow them. Holland was not, hlie argued within himself. on such fami liar terms with Pearl that he would be at all likely to propose to her to-night. :And when Pearl knewn the truth concerning him. as shte soon would knorw Meanwhile, Maurice aid Pearl walked btween the rows of flowering plants, a soft, subdued light falling on their faces from a number small lamps shaped like roses and half opened lilies. Pearl's hand rested lightly on her companion's arm; her large, soft eyes looked wistfully up jnto his face. All her'pretty, coquettish airs n-were put aside in this man's presence; for Pearl had given her heart to the young artist months before, and, although she believed that she had se cured his in exchange, he had never told her so. That he loved her shl felt con vinced. Why, then, did he withhold the words that had more than once seemed to tremble on his lips. and that would have set her troubled doubts to rest? "Perhaps he is silent because of my horrible money." she thought, somne times. ."He is not rich yet, I know: but he is so clever that he is more than my equal. And yet I cannot tell him so." Young Holland's manner was rather more constrained than usual on this De cember evening, and Pearl's heart beat hlavily beneath her pretty white bodice. "Shall you be at Lyndhurst when we arrire there on the 23rd?" she asked. presently, as they paused to admire a particularly fine chrysanthemum. "I shall not be there until after Christnmas Day." he replied. General Sumner understands that. I thoughllt yon might be aware of it. I am due at Lyndhurst on the 26th. I-I always spend Christmas with my own people." Pearl looked up eagerly.- This wn-as the first time that she.had heard him allude to.his "people." "Do they--shall you be in town then," she inquired... "No. They--my parents I mean-live in the country.". He said nothing further, and. Pearl felt that his tone did not invite ques tions. He might have been a little more confidential. she thought, and not have treated her almost as a stranger. The tears rose to her eyes. and she heed lessly plucked thie finest bloom from the plant, and scattered its feathery white petals over the floor. "Oh, you mischierous little aIndy!" ex claimed Maurice, in a bantering tone; and then she noticed what she had done, and tried to laugh. "We had better go back to the draw ingroom," she said. "I am always get ting into disgrace with Tomkins for de stroying his plants. He comes grumb ling to auntie, with such a long face." And so the little interview from which Pearl had hoped so much was over, and it had brought only disappointment. She wished that she had not suggested that lie should be invited to Enid's birth day dinner. She no longer looked for ward to Christmas with joyous antici patrion. The fun would take place be fore Maurice's arrival. and she would be obliged to take part in it and to pre tend to be happy. whilst all the time her heart would ache with that strange dull pain that had of late marred all hier brightest moments. Maurice left the Court shortly after eleven. in order to catch thie midnight traiin to town-u. He did not say good bye to Pearl. whllo. at the moment of his departure. was seated at tile piano, with half-a-dozen men clustered around lier. to whom she was giving a spirited imitation of a popular music- mall ai tiste in one of her latest songs. The lamplight fell upon her waving bronze lhair. her saucy upturned face and sparkling eyes, as Maurice turned in ithe doorway for one last glimpse of her. Was shle a thorough coquet;e? hie wondered, and could she have becen playing a part :n hour ago, when ier wistfnl, clouded eyes had sought his. her little hand trembled on his arm? "I will put my fate to tie touch-after Christmas.' he thought, as he r.n down stairs. Pearl seemed in very good spirits dutr ing the next two days. She was grut .ious to her cousin Eustace. and raised his hopes considerably by her pretty affectionate manner. Tile pair went out skatringi and cycling together during the daytime. and sang duets in the draw inugoom after dinner. Mrs Clifton-Tel bot was delighted with the aspect of af fairs. She had long coveted the youngu heiress for her daughter-in-law. and she ,eally wished to see Pearl married. so that Enid might have her chance. For tluiet little Enid was always overlooked in the presence of her brilliant cousin. On the morning of the 23rd thle frost still continued. There was a good denl to be done before lunch in the way of iacking. but the family assembled in the dining- room at one o'clock. which vas an hour before the usual time. Pearl was arrayed in her neat fawn cloth skirt antI coat. with smart little gaiters to match, in readiness for hier journey. "We must start in :n hour's 'time, Pearl." observed her cousin. as hlie carv ed some delicate slices of turkey for her. "Make a good lunch. We shall be there as soon as mother and Enid, I daresay. If we only do ten miles an hour. we can reach there at 3 o'clock." "Tomlpkins nays we shall have a change in the n-weather." put in Enid. "The wind has veered round. and he predicts snow before long." Tompkins is generally right in his predietions. but the snow will not come before we reach Lyndhurst. We are not going to be frightened out of our ride-eb. Pearl?" said Eustace. laugh ing. "Certainly not. Oh ! not all that tongue, auntie. please! I can never eat it.' "I thought you were to make a good lutch." said Auntie." with mock sever ity. "Al. mother. wait until after our ride. Pearl will have found her appe tite then; alnd as for myself-well, if you get there first. you can warn them to have special relays of tea and hot etakes in readiness for us." Whuen the pair were ready to start Mrs Clifton-Talbot and Enid went to the hall door to see them off, and waited until a bend in the avenue hid them from vienw. "I-Ion- graceful Pearl looks on her ma chine:" remarked Euid, as she closed the door. "And what spirits they both are iu! Do you known, Enie. I shall not be sur prised if when wne see Pearl again she is an engaged young lady." "I.shall," muttered Miss Euid, but tile words were spoken under her breath. Mrs Clifton-Talbot did not like to be con tradicted, and her daughter seldoni at tempted to do so. Meanwhile, Eustace and his cousin skimmed lightly over the road, side by side. Both were fond of the pistime of cycling, and Pearl seldom had a chance of indulfing in it save when her cousin wnas at home. as her aunt objected to hler riding alone at any distance from home. The wnind was very keen to-day, hut the girl was warmly clad. and she had put on a veil to protect her face and ears. Through the meshes of this Eustace could see the lovely vivid glow on the cheek nearest to him. like the tint of a geranium petal. "We have done thirteen miles already;" he exclaimed, as they passed through a quiet little village, and he consulted his watch, the hands of which pointed to the hour of three. "We shall be there before the others, at this rate." "But how dark it is growing!" ob served Pearl, with a glance around. "It might be founr o'clock instead of three." "That is accounted for by those heavy clouds over there. I am afraid Tomipklns was right. and that we are in for a snow storm; but we may reach our destinationi before it comes." "It will be fun if it does come, I think," laughed Pearl. "Not so enjoyable as you fancy, little lady. I have been caught in a snow storm before now. The white flakes blind and confuse one, and after a bit the roads are rendered almost impassable for cycles. But n-we must hope for- the best." At half-past three the two were ob ligedl to dismnount, in order to light their lamps. They had made good speed dat ing the hour, and were now twenty miles from home. Eustace congratulated his cotruin on her skill.in riding. "The wnind is not in our favor either," he said. "You have done famously, Pearl. Only ten miles to go nown-. :nd \- By J.Tove! it is beginning to snow, after all." Pearl extended her hand In its little fur-lined glove. A white flake fell on it, and rested there for a few seconds ere it melted awany. "Don't look concerned. Eustace. We have not far to go now." she said. "Here are tnwo roads. Which one are.- we to tanke" "The-the one to the left, if I remem ber rightly. Yes. this is it. Come along. Pearl. I hope you are not tired." "Not at atll. I am good for twenty miles yet." Bufthe road they had taken was not as smooth:as the one they had left: It was a by-road, in fact, and the occasional ruts and loose stones caused a good deal of jolting. Pearl found that she could not keep up her former rate of speed. The snow.was falling quite heavily, too, and the large whiite flakes flew into her face with greht persistence. Her vell sooh: clnng to her cheeks like a wet rag, and she was obligedt to stop and remove it al toethler. "What a very solitary part of the world tlhis Is!" she remarked, presently. "The houses seem to get fewer and fewer. I thought I knew all around Lyndhura t for miles, and yet this part seems iQuite strange." "I have just been thinking the same," said her cousin. "We o--ht to be witvhb five miles of Lyndhurst, and yet - Pearl dear, I am afraid tIht we have get out of our way. I have only been dowse here once before by road. ant I--I must hIave made a mistake now. "Had we not better turn hbek?" asked Pearl, tryingto speak lightly. "Oh, I think not. We are at such a distance from the cross-roads., and there may be some means of gaining the di •ect route without going back. We will stop at the next house we come to, and make inquiries." Pearl ITushed on courageously. Itreally required a great effort now, for tle in different road was by no means imn proved by the falling snow that whirled also into her eyes. The wind was pierc ingly cold. and her cheeks and ears felt frozen. But she did not mean to give in. It was a great relief. nevertheless, wlhen her cousin called out to her to dis nonnt. "We have reached a house of some sort." he said. "I can see the lights in tle windows. and here is a gate." He fumbled for the latch with his gloved tingers. "Come inside here. my poor. tired little cousin." he continued. "These 'vprgreens wvill afford some slight shelter from the storm. I will go to the hall door nlllt make inquiries." Pearl stationed herself beneath a friendly tree, and leaned wearily on her umacline when her cousin left her. How tircd ishe was, and how cold! Shte could have cried with the pain of her little frozen ears: and perhaps they were alto retecr out of their way. and it would be h:ours before they reached Lyndhurst. If - But her meditations were interrupted by the sound of voices, and her cousin te-appeared. followed by a tall. elderly mnan. bearing a lantern. Eustace ap protached hier eagerly. "Pearl. dear, these good people insist tlf:at we shall take shelter in their house for awhile. I find that we are ten or twelve miles from Lyndhurst. and four from any station, and you must be so tired - "Yes, indeed, young lady." put in the stranger. in t hIeart-. kindly voice. "You must just bring your machine in dloors. and let my wife look after you a bitir. It's not a nighit for a dog to be outr, let alone a delicate young lassie." "You are very kind." Pearl faltered. "Whsat do you think, Eustace? Auntie trill be so anxious, and Uncle Dick also." "You certainly cannot go on without a rest. Pearl. I can see that you are done up. Sir. I think we must accept your kind offer for an hour or two." "To be sure. sir. Come this way, y-oung lady. We shall soon be under shelser. Here we are. and here's my wife looking out for us. There's noth ing Martha likes better than trying to uake pIeople comfortable." And Pearl found herself drawn into a large. well-lighted apartment. that seemed to be a sort of farmhousee kit chen. with a wide. old-fashioned fire place asnd raftered ceiling. Here she wa'ls received by a motrherly-looking dame in a black silk gown and a lace cap. -whIo expressed mncht concern at tie state of her wet garments. "You're just wet through, my dear," site said. touching the fawn coat here :ud there with a plump. tender hand. 'It's no use your sitting Iby the fire in these thlings. Come up stairs with mtts. and let's see what can be done. FI'ather. I trust to you to see after the gentleman. Peggy!"--opening a door antd raising hler voice a littlr-"get tea ready at once.' Pearl and hier contin protested against so luchl trouble being taken on their lehallf. but they" were not listened to. t'ensrl w'ss hurried up stairs, her damp thilles were removed, and she w-as arrayed in a skirt belonging to lher lostess. the waist of which w-as :t mtile too large for her. a silk bodice. and over all a fine, old-fashioned Paisley shawl. which was brought from a •laretler-scented chest. Very pretty she looked as she re-entered the kitchen in her qunaiut attire. with the loveliest flush on her cheeks, and Iher bronze hair curling in rings about her face. Eustace was standing near the fire, wearing a most becoming loose coat of brown velvet in pilace of hIis Norfolk jacket. Pearl was surprised to see such I garment in their present quarters, butr from a remark that passed between hIer host tand his wrife she glthered thalst it belonged to a son who was away from home. Thle large round table in the centre of tie room was laid for tea. and a red faced servant-maid w-as bringing in various hot dishes. Ten in this house was evidently a substantialtreality, and not an apology for a meal. There was a dish of hot pork sausageson the board. -uch delicately-flirored dainties as Petrl had never before tasted: there was broiled ham and eggs, and hItot cakes, delicious home-made bread and butter. lumln-cake. honey in the comb, and pre served ginger. The tea was excellent, the cream rich and thick, and the t-wo hsugry travellers felt that their lines hIad fallen in pleasant places. "It's not so often we get the chance of entertaining company," said the mistress of the house, as she .4upplied Pearl's plate with a nicely-frizzled slice of ham. "It's quite a treat to us, isn't it, father?"' "Father" nodded. He was helping Mr Clifton-Talbot to a second supply of sanus?ges. "It's very lonely here in winter." went ot the old lady. "But we wouldn't live anywhere else now. Father was born in this house, and I came to it a bride over thirty years ago. It was quite a farm then. but now we only keep a couple of cows, and a pony, and some poultry-just enough to keep our hands busy. There's my son has wanted lately to take a house for us just outside Lon don-a nice little villa, as he says-but falther anl me'll stick to the old place." "Does your son live in town.?" asked Eustace, in a tone of polite interest. "In Lontho , sir? Yes to be sure. He's quite a great man now Is our lad, and makes pictures. I can show you two or three in tlhe sitting-roomn b,-and-bye. From a little toddler he was always try ing to draw things. and when hlie got old enough, nothing would do but he must go to a School of Art, and when he was twenty Ite won a scholarshlip to study iabroad for two years, and so he went on, until now hlie's made a name for himself. Perhaps you'll have hIeard of him--Manu rice Holland." There was a momentary silence. Pearl laid down her fork, and looked across the table at her cousin with wide, startled eyes.. Something in the expres sion of his face caused a sudden sus picion to enter her mind-a suspileion that increased to certainty whuen she no- ticed the dull flush that crept to his brow. "Martha. my lass. you nusthl't think that everybody has heard of the lad," puitt in the good woman's hiusbnand. "Oh. liut we have!" cried Pearl. qulek ly.: "He is a friend of ours. Why. he dined with us only the othler evening. And to thinik that lie is your son, and we niever knew it!" With a charming little gesture she slipped her hand.within that of Mrs Holland, by whose sisleshe was seated. "We must be great friendils sorw,. she aslid, weetly. The old lady stooped and kls.sed the up: turned face, : ... .. . - ."Bless you, my deari·?o bd 'sure we will," she returnec2, heartily. "And so you saw our Morry ionly the other night? Well, the world is but a small place, after all. We haven't seen him for a month, but he'll be down to.mnorrow night. He never fails to spend ChG'istmas Day with us." Euslace was rather silant during the rest of the meaf, but Peoi' talked in her prettiest manner, and com9 letely fascin sted the simple farmer and his wife. They would not hear of Ier i`'aving their roof that night, and she profes. Sed herself perfectly willing to remain, if only Eus tacs could get to Lyndhurst, ih order to allay the anxiety of his mother*. and old General Sumuer. It was fluxky" decided that Mr Holland should convey Lustace and his bicycle in the trap to the near est station, andt that the yontg man should return on the morrow to es'cort his cou~sin to Lyndhurst. Before Eustace's departure the conf?ns were left alone for a few moments, ~krr Holland being in the stalre, and his wife in the outer kitchen, giving'directions to the servant. "I hardly like to leave you, Pearl," said Enstace. in low tones. "Why not.'-rather coTdly. "I am with friends." "You can hardly call these people your friends. dear. Tlhey are kind enough in their way. but they are ig norant. uncultured. It is su~rprisung that Maurice Holland could have come of suell a stock." Pearl turned and looked him straight in the eyes. " It is no sisrprise to you. Eustace. You have often hinted that 3Mr Holland was of lowly birth, and you knew it when you brought me here to-day--on Lmurplose." " Pearl !" " Don't stoop to deny it, Eustace. I feel convinced that I am right. Yon wanted to let me see for myself" - " And now that you have seen, Pearl," he interrupted. eagerly, "you will treat that fellow as he deserves." " I--I will try to do so."' " And you will give me a chance ? I love you. Peanrl-you must know it and if you will only give me a grain tof hope" - But Pearl turned from him with a superb gesture of disdain. "I would not marry you. cousin. bor all that the world could give me," she said, in cold, sweet tones. On the following morning a tall. fair haired young man, with a clean-shaved, resolute face, strode up the snow covered pathway that led to the side door of the Thorpe Farm, as old Mr Holland's house was still called. He lifted the latch and entered the large kitGen used for cooking purposes; bac nobody was there, and hlie passed on to the general living room. Mrs Hol land was there, stoning plums at the round table, and seated beside her, a big cooking apron tied on over her fawn gown. was a lovely girl, who was deftly removing the peel from a large apple. At the sight of her the new arrival stood still in the doorway, a look of amazement upon his face, and Mrs Holland observed him and sprang up with a cry: SMaurice! Oh. my boy !" When he had kissed his mother. the young mau turned to the girl, who re turned his gaze demurely, though the color deepened in her cheeks. ' Miss Sumner." he faltered. "You did not expect to find me here." she said, placing her little fingers in his strong clasp. '" But I am here, you see, and-and very much at home. W\e munt tell you about it by-and-by." " We did not expect you till evening. Maurice." said hiLs mother. "I found I could get here before. mammy. dear. so I came by tihe earliest train. Miss Sumner. I thoughlt you would be at Lyndhurst." " You seemn dreadfully curious. I must explain." said Pearl. laughiung. "And I will go alnd get you some lunch. my boy." said Mrs Holland. "You must be hungry. and Pegr-3. is busy up-stairs." She bustled off. while Pearl related her adventure of the previous day. suppressing hlier knowledge of Eustace's little plot. "I thought I was dreaming when I saw you here." he said, when she had finishied. "And you looked so much at holme-so sweet--in that white apron. And you do not despise my people, after all '" '"Despise them ! I-I love them. I should be a wretch if I did not, after nl their kinduess." "Then you must despise me for my false pride. I was ashamed of your knowing that I-that ml dear old father and mother were not of your order. That is why I never spoke" Pearl could not resist the words that rushed to her lips : "But you. uill speak-now ?" He caught her in his arms :nd pres sed with his own those sweet lips unpon which his idle fancy had feigned so many kises. "What: will your guardian say I" he whispered, presently. "He never refuses me anything I want. And, oh, Maurice-I may say it now-I-have wanted you since I began to think you cared." "Not as I have wanted you. But you seemed as far above me as the stars. Oh. Pearl, my sweet-my precious Christmas gift!" And Mrs Holland, entering the room at that moment with a tray in her hands, nearly let her burden fall to the ground in her astonishment. For her son Maurice held her young guest in his arms. the girl's ruffled head rested most confidingly upon his shoulder, and. the wintry sunshine, streamnting in through the window, fell upon two faces on which Love had just stamped his own unmistakable seal.-"London Weekly Budget." 