THE STORYTELLER. SALOMY JANE'S KISS. By Bret Harte, in Cassell's Magazine. Only one shot had been fired. It had gone wide of its mark — She ringleader of the Vigilantea — and had left Red Pete, who had fired it, covered by their rifleB and at their mercy. For his hand had bean cramped by hard riding, and his eye distracted by their sudden onset, and bo the inevitable end had come. He sub mitted sullenly to his captors; his com panion fugitive and horse thief gave up the protracted struggle with a feeling not un litrt roliflf. F,VBn thn hot and anerv victois were content. They had taken their msn alive. At any time during the long chase they could have brought them down by a rifle shot, but it would have been unsportsmanlike and have ended in a free fight — instead of an example. And, for the matter of that, their doom was already sealed. Their end, by a rope and a tree, although not sanctified by law, would have at least the deliberation of justice. It; was the tribute paid by the Vigilantes to that order which they had themselves dis regarded in the pursuit and capture. Yet this strange logic of the frontier sufficed them, and gave a certain dignity to the climax. ' Ef you've got anything to say to your folks, say it now, and say it quick,' said the ringleader. Red Pete glanced around him. He had been run to earth at his own cabin in the clearing, whence a few relations and friends — mostly women and children, noncom batants — had outflowed, gfzing vacantly at the twenty Vigilantes who surrounded them. All were accustomed to scenes of violence, blood-feud^ chase, and hardship ; it was only the suddeness of the onset, and its quick result that bad surprised them. They looked on with dazed curiosity and some disappointment ; there had been no fight to speak of — no spectacle ! A boy — a nephew of Red Pete — got upon the rain barrel to view the proceedings more com fortably ; a tall, handsome, lazy Kentuoky girl, a visiting neighbour, leaned against the doorpost, chewing gum. Onl y a yellowhound was actively perplexed . He could not make out if a hunt were just over or beginning, and ran eagerly back wards and forwards, leaping alternately upon the captives and the captors. The ringleader repeated his challenge. Red Pete gave a reckless laugh and looked at his wife. At which Mrs. Red Pete came forward. It seemed that she had much to say — in- coherently, furiously, vindictively — to the ringleader. His soul would roast in hell for that day's work? He called himself a man, skunkin' in the open and afraid to show himself except with a crowd of other ' Ki-ye's ' around a house of women and children. Heaping insult on insult, in veighing againBt his low blood, his ances tors, his dubious origin, she at last flung out a wild taunt of his invalid wife — the insult of a woman to a woman — until his white face grew rigid, and only that Western-American fetish of the sanctity of sex kept his twitching fingers from the lock of his rifle. Even her husband noticed it, and with a half authoritative ' Let up on that, old gal,' and a pat of his freed left \- hand on her back, took his last parting. The ringleader, still white under the lash of the woman's tongue, turned abruptly to the second captive. ' And if you got any body to say good-bye to, now's your chance.' The man looked up. Nobody stirred or -r- spoke. He was a stranger there— being a chance Confederate picked up by Rod Pete and known to no one. Still young1, but an outlaw from his abandoned boyhood, of which father and mother were an ugly for gotten dream; he loved horses and stole them, fully accepting the frontier penalty of life for the interference with that animal on which a man's life so often depended. But he understood the good points of a horse as was shown by one he bestrode — until a few days before the property of Judge Boompointer. This was his sole distinction. The unexpected question stirred him for 8 moment out of the attitude of reckless indifisrence, for attitude ft was, and a Dart )oi bis profession. But it may have ?toughened him that at that moment he was iless than his companion and his virago .-wife. Sowever he only shook his head. Ab he ..did «o his eyo casually fell on the .bandBome R-ui by the doorpost, who waa poking at him, The ringleader, too, may have been touched by his complete loneli ness, for he hesitated. At the same moment he eaw that the girl was looking at his friendless captive. A grotetque idea struck him. 11 Salomy Jane, ye might do wowe than come here and say ' Good-bye' to a dying man, and him a stranger,' he said. There saemed to be a subtle stroke of poetry and irony in this that struck the apathetic crowd. It was well known that Salomy Jane Clay thought no small pota toes of herself, and always held off the local swain with a lazy nymph-like scorn. Never theless, she slowly disengaged herself from the door-post, and, to everybody's astonish ment, lounged with languid grace and out stretched hand towards the prisoner. The color came into the gray reckless mask whioh the doomed man wore as her right hand grasped his left, just loosed by his captors. Then she paused ; her shy, fawn like eyes grew bold and fixed themselves upon him. She took the chewing-gum from her mouth, wiped her red lips with the back of her hand, by a sudden lithe Bpriog placed her foot on his stirrup, and, boundiug to the saldle, threw her arms about his neck and placed a kiss upon his lips. They remained thus for a hushed mo ment — the man on the threshold of death, the young woman in the fullness of youth and beauty — linked togethor. Then the crowd laughed ; in the audacious effrontery of the girl's act the ultimate fa'e of the two men was forgotten. She slipped languidly to the ground ; she was the focus of all eyes — she only. The ringleader 8aw it and his opportunity. He shouted — ' Time's up — forward ?' urged his horse beside his captives, and the next moment the whole cavalcade was sweeping over the clearing into the darkening woods. Their destination was Sawyer's Cross ing, the headquarters of the committee, where the council was still sitting, and where both culprits were to expiate the offence of which that council had already found them guilty. They rode in great and breathless haste— a haste in which, strangely enongb, even the captives seemed to join. That haste possibly prevented them from noticing the singular change whioh had taken place in the second cap tive since the episode of the kiss. His high color remained as if it had burned through his mask of indifference ; his eyas were quick, alert, keen, his mouth half open aa if the girl's kiss still lingered there. And that haste had made him careless, for the horse of the man who led him slipped in b groper hole, rolled over, unseated his rider, and 6ven dragged the bound and helpless second captive from Judge Boompointer's favorite mare. In an instant they were all on their feet again, and in that supreme moment the second captive had felt that the cords which bound his arms had slipped to his wrists. By keeping his elbows to his sides, and obliging the others to help him mount, it escaped their notice. By riding close to his captors, and keeping in the crush of the throng, he further con cealed the accident, slowly working his hands downwards out of his bonds. Their way lay through a sylvan wilder ness, middle deep in ferns, whose fall brushed their horses' sides in their furious gallop acd concealed the napping of the captive's loosened cords. The peaceful vista — more suggestive of the offerings of the nymphs and shepherds than of human 8aorifice — was in a contrast to this whirl wind rush of stern, armed men. The westering sun pierced the subdued light and the tremor of leaves and yellow lances ; birds started into song on blue and dove like wings, and on either side of -the trail ut this vengeful storm could be heard the murmur of hidden and tranquil waters. In a few moments they would be on the open ridge, whence sloped the common turnpike to u Sawyer's,' a mile away. It was the custom of returning cavalcades to take this hill at headlong speed, with shouts and cries that heralded their coming. They withheld the latter that day as inconsistent with their dignity, but, emerging from the wood, swept silently like an avalanche down the slope. They were well under way, looking only to their horses, when the second captive slipped his right arm from the bonds and succeeded in grasping the reins that lay trailing on the horse's neck. A sudden ' vaquero 'jerk, which the well trained animal understood, threw him on his haunches with his forelegs fiiinly planted on; the slope. The rest of the cavalcade swept on ; the man who was leading the captive's horse by the riata, thinking only ot another accident, dropped the line to save himself from being dragged backwards from his horse. The captive wheeled, and the next moment wbb galloping furiously up the slope. It was the work of a moment ; a trained horse and an experienced hand. . The cavalcade had covered nearly fifty yards before they could pull up ; the freed cap tive had covered half tbat distance uphill. The road was so narrow that only two shots could be fired, and these broke dust two yards ahead of the fugitive. They had not dared to fire low — the horse was the more valuable animal. The fugitive knew this in his extremity also, and would ha e gladly taken a shot in his own leg to spare that of his horse. Five men were despatched to recapture or kill him. The latter seemed inevitable. But he had cal culated his chances, and before they could reload he had reached the woods again ; winding in and out between the pillared tree trunks, he offered no mark. They knew his horse was superior to their own ; at the end of two hours they returned, for he had disappeared without track or trail. The end was briefly told in the Sierra Be cord: — 'Red Pete, the notorious horse thief, who has long eluded justice, waB captured and hung by the Sawyer's Crossing Vigi Iintes last week ; his confederate, unfortu nately, escaped on a valuable horse belong ing to Judge Boompointer. The Judge had refused one thousand dollars for the horse only a week before. As the thief, who is still at large, would find it diffi cult to dispose of so valuable an animal without detection, the chances are against either of them turning up again.' Salomy Jane watched the cavalcade until it had disappeared. Then she became aware that her brief popularity had passed. Mrs. Red Pete, in stormy hysterics, had included her in a sweeping denunciation of the whole universe — possibly for simulat ing an emotion in which she herself was deficient. The other women hated her for her momentary exaltation above them; only the children still admired her a3 one who had undoubtedly 'canoodled' with a man ' agoing to bo hung' — a daring flight beyond their wildest ambition. Salomy Jane accepted the change with charming unconcern. She put on her yellow nan keen sunbonnet — a hideous affair that would have ruined any other woman, but which only enhanced the piquancy of her fresh brunette skin — tied the strings, letting the blue- black braids escape below its frilled curtaia behind, jumped on her mus tang with a casual display of agile ankles ia shapely white stockings, whistled to the hound, and waving her hand with a ?' So long, Bonny !' to the lately bereft but ad miring nephew, flapped and fluttered away in her short brown holland gown. Her father's house was four miles dis tant. Contrasted with the cabin she had just quitted, it was a superior dwelling, with a long 'lean-to' at the rear, which brought the eaves almost to the ground and made it look like a low triangle. It had a long barn and cattle shedB, for Madi son Clay was a ' great' stock raiser and the owner of a ' quarter section.' It had a sitting room and a parlor organ, whose transportation thither had been a marvel of ' packing.' These things were sup posed to give Salomy Jane an undue im portance, but the girl's reserve and inacces sibility to local advances were rather the result of a cool, lazy temperament and the preoccupation of a large, protect ing admiration for her father — for some years a widower. For Mr. Madi son Clay's life had been threatened in one or two feuds — it was said, not without cause — and it is possible that the pathetic spectacle of her father doing his visiting with a sbot-gun may have touched her closely and somewhat prejudiced her ngainst the neighboring masculinity. The thought that cattlp, and ' quarter section ' would one day be hers did not disturb her calm. As for Mr. Clay, he accepted her as house wifely, though somewhat ' interfering ' and, being one of ' his own womankind,' therefore not without some degree of merit. ' Wot's this yer I'm hoarin' of your doin's over at Red Pete's ? Honeyfolgin' with a horse thief — eh ?' said Mr. Clay two days later at breakfast. 11 1 reckon you heard about the straight thing, then,' said Salomy Jane unoon eernpdly withonfc looking round. ' What do you kalkilatd Rube will say to it? What are you going to tell himi' said Mr. Clay sarcastically. ' Rube,' or Reuben Waters, was a swain supposed to be favoured particularly by Mr. Clay. Salomy Jane looked up. ' I'll tell him that when h9'8 on his way to ba hung I'll kisB him— not till then,' said the young lady, brightly. This delightful witticism suited * the paternal humour; and Mr. Clay smiled ; but nevertheless he frowned a moment afterwards. . ' But this yer hoss thief got away arter all, and that's a hoaa of a different color,' he said grimly. . ' ? Salomy Jane put down her knifo and fork. This was certainly a new and different phase of the situation. She had never thought of it before — and, strangely enough, for the first time she became in- :!~' , tereBted in the man. ' Got away,' she repeated. 'Did they let him off V ' Not much,' said her father briefly. 1 ' Slipped his cords, and going down the grade pulled up short, just like a vaquero again' a lassoed bull, almost dragpin' the man leadin' him off his boss, and then skyutted up the grade. For that matter, on that horse of Judge Boompointer's he must have dragged the whole posse of 'em down on their knees if he liked! Sarved 'em right, too. Instead of stringin' him up afore the door or shootin' him on sight, they most allow to take him down afore the hall committee ' for an example.' ' Example ' be blowed 1 Ther's example enough wben some strf nger comes unbe knownpt slap onter a man hanged to a tree and plugged full ot holes. That's example, and he knows what it means. Wot more do ye want? Bat then those Vigilantes is allus olingin* and hangin' onter some mere scrap o' the law they're pretendin' to despise. It makes me sick ! Why, when Jake Myers shot your ole Aunt Viney'B second husband, and I laid in wait for Jake afterwards in the Batternut Hollow, did I tie him to his hoss and fetch him down to your Aunt Viney's cabin ' for an example' before 1 plugged him? No ! (in deep disgus ) No ! Why, T just meandered through the wood, careless like, till he comes out, and I just rode up to him, and I said ? ' Bat Salomy Jane had heard her father's story before. Even one's dearest relatives are apt to become tiresome in narration. 'I know, dad,' she interrupted, ' but this yer man — this horse thief — did he get clean away without gettin' hurt at all ?' ' He did, and unless he's fool enough to sell the hoss he kin keep away, too. So ye see, ye cau't ladle out that purp stuff about a dyin' stranger' to Rube. Ho won't B waller it.' ' All the same, dad,' returned the girl cheerfully, ' I reckon to say it — and say more ; I'll tell him that ef he manages to pet away too I'll marry him — there ! But ye don't ketch Rube takin' any such neks in gettin' ketched, or in gettin' away arter !' Madison Clay smiled grimly, pushed back his chair, rose, dropped a perfuuotory kiss on his daughter's hair, and, taking bis shot gun from the corner, departed on a peaceful Samaritan mission to a cow who had dropped a calf in the far pasture. In clined as he was to Reuben's wooing from hia eligibility as to property, he was con scious that he was sadly deficient in certain v'- qualities inherent in the Clay family. It certainly would be a kind of mesalliance. Left to herself, Salomy Jane stared a long while at the coffee pot, and then called the two sqnaws who assisted her in her household duties, to clear away the things while she weut up to her own room to make her bed. Here she was confronted with a possible prospect of tint proverbial bed she might be making in her wllfulnees, and on which she must lie, in the photo graph of a somewhat serious young man of refined features — Reuben Waters — stuck in her window frame. Balomy June smiled over her last witticism regarding him and eij yed it, like your true humorist, and then, catching sight rf her handsome face in the little mirror, smiled again. But wasn't it funny about that horse thief getting off afrer all ? Good Lordy ! Fancy Reuben hearing he was alive and going round with that kiss of hers, sec on his lips ! She laughed again, a little more abstract edly. And he had returned it, like a man, holding her tight and almost breathless, and he going to be hung the next minute! Salomy Jane had been kissed nt other times, by force, chance, or stratagem. In a certain ingenious forfeit game of tbe locality known as ' I'm a-pinin,' many had ' pined' for a V sweet kiss' from Salomy Jane, which she had yielded in a sense of honour and fair play. She had never been kissed like this before — she would never again — and yet the man was alive! And behold, she could see in the mirror that she was blushing! She should hardly know him again. A young man with very bright eyep, a flushed and sunburnt cheek, a kind of fix 4 looh; in the face, and no beard— no, none thai she oould feel. Yet he was not at all like Kenben — not a bit. She took Reuben's picture from the window and laid it on her work-box. And to think she did notTeven know this young man's name ! That was queer. To be kissed by a man whom she might never know ! Of course ho knew hers. She wondered if he remembered it and her. But of course he was so glad to get off with his life that he never thought of anything else. Yet she did not give more than four or five minutes to these speculations, and, like a sensible girl, thought of something else. Once again, however, in opening the closet she found the brown holland gown she had worn on the day before ; thought it very unbecom ing, and regretted that she had not worn her best gown on her visit to Red Pete's ? .cottage. On such an occasion she really might have been more impressive. When her father came home that night she asked hire the news. No ; they had not captured the second horse thief, who was still at large. Judge Boompointer talked of invoking the aid of the despised law. It remained then to see if the horse thief was fool eneugh to get rid of the animal. Red Pete's body had been deli vered to his widow. Perhaps it would be only neighborly for Salomy Jane to ride over to the funeral. But Salomy Jane did not take to the suggestion kindly, nor yet did she explain to her father that, as the other man was still living, she did not care to undergo a second disciplining at the widow's hands. Nevertheless', she con trasted her situation with that of the widow with a new and singular satisfaction. It might have been Hed Pete who had es caped, but he had not the grit of the name less one. She had already settled his heroic quality. ' Ye ain't harkehin' to me, Salomy.' . Salomy Jane started. . ' Here I'm askin' ye if you've seen that hound, Pil Larrabce, sneaking by yer to day ?' Salomy Jane had not. Bnt she became interested and self-reproachful, for she knew tha* Phil Larrabee was one of her father's enemies. 'He wouldn't dare to go by here unless he knew you were out,' she said quickly, 'That's what gets me,' he said, scratch ing his grizzled head. ' I've been thinkin' of him all day, and one of them Chinamen said he saw him at Sawyer's cross ? ing. He was a kind of friend o1 Pete's wife. That's why I thought yer might find out ef he'd been there.' Salomy Jane grew more self-reproachful at her father's self-interest in her ' neighbor liness.' 'But that ain't all,' continued Mr. C!ay. 'Thar was tracks over the far pasture that warn't mine. I followed them, and they went round, and round the house two or three times, ez af they mout hev been prowlin', and then I losi 'em in the woods again. It's just like that sneakin' hound Larrabee, to hev bin lyin' in wait for me and afraid to meet a man fair and square in the open.' ' Yon just lie low, dad, for a day or two more, and let me do a little prowlin',' said the girl, with sympathetic indignation in her dark eyes. ' Ef it's that skunk, I'll spot him soon enough and let you know whar he's hiding.' 'You'll just stay where ye are, Salomy,' aaid her father decisively. ' This ain't no woman's work — tho' I ain't sayin' yon haven't got more head for it t'aan some men I know.' Nevertheless, thai night, after her father had gone to bed, Salomv Jane sat by the open window of the sitting room in an apparent attitude of languid contemplation, but alert and intent of eye and ear. It was ft. fine moonlight eight. Two pines neur the door — solitary pickets of the serried ranks of distant forest — cast long shadows like path? to the cotcage, and sighed their spiced breath in the windows. For there was no frivolity of vine or flower around Salomy Jane's bower. The clearing waB too recent, the life too practical for vanities like these. But the moon added a V3gue elasive ness toeverything.softened the rigid outlines of tho sheds, gave shadows to tha lidloss windowa, and touched with merciful indi rectness the hideous debris of refuse gravel and the gaunt scars of burnt vegetation before the door. Even Salomy Jane was affected by it, and exhaled something be tween a sigh and a yawn with the breath of the pines. Then she suddenly sat upright. Her quick ear had caught a fiint ' click, click ' in the direction of the vnoi ; her quicker instinct and rustic training enabled her to determine that it was the ring of a horse's shoo on flinty ground ; her knowledge of the locality told her it came from th» spot where tho trail passed over an outcrop of flint scarcely a quarter of a mile from where she sat — and within the clearing. It was no errant 'stock,' for the foot was shod with iron; it was a mounted trespasser by night, and boded no good to a man like Clay. She rose, threw her shawl over her head more for disgnise than shelter, and passed out of the door. A sudden impulse made her seize her father's shot gan from the corner where it stood — not that she feared any danger to herself, but it was an excuse. She made directly for the wood, keeping in the shadow of the pines as long as she could. At the fringe- she halted ; whoever was there must pass her before reaching tho house. Then there seemed to be a suspense of all nature. Everything was deadly still — even the moonbeams appeased no longer tremulous ; soon there was a rustle as of some stealthy animal among the ferns— and then a dismounted man stepped into the moonlight. It was the horse thief — the man she had kissed ! For a wild moment a strange fancy seized her usually sane intellect and stirred her temperate blood. Tde news they had told her was not true — he had been hung, and this was his ghost. He loosed as white and spirit liko in the moonlight, dressed in the same clothes, as when she saw him lost. He had evidently seen her approach* ing, and moved quickly to meet her. But in his haste he stumbled slightly — she re flected suddenly ghosts did not stumble— and a feeling of relief came over her. And it was no assassin of her father that had been prowling around — only this unhappy fugitive. A momentary color came into her cheek ; her coolness and hardihood re turned ; it was with a tinge of sauciness in her voice that she eaid : 'I reckoned you were a ghest.' ' I must have been,' he said, looking at her fixedly ; «?* but I reckon I'd have come back here all the same.' 'It's a little riskier oomin' back alive,' she said with a levity that died on her lips, for a singular nervousness, half fear and half expectation, was beginning to take the place of her relief of a moment ago. ' Then it was you who was prowlin' round and makin' tracks in the far pasture ?' ' Yes ; I came straight here when I got away.' She felt his eyes burning her, bub did not dare to raise hpr own. ' Why———' she began — hesitated, and ended vaguely. ' How did you get here ?' ' You helped me.' ' Yes. That kiss you gave me put life into me — gave me strength to get away. I swore to myself I come back and thank you — alive or dead.' Every word he said she could have anti cipated, so plain the situation seemed to her now. And every word ho said she know was the truth. Yet her cool com mon-sense struggled against it. ' What's the use of your escaping, if you're comin' back here to be ketched agin ?' she said portly. He drew a little nearer to her, but seemed to her the more awkward as she resumed her self-possession. His voice, too, waB broken as if by exhaustion as he said, catching hU breath at intervals : I'll tell you. You did more for me than you think. You made another man o' me. I never had a man, woman, or child do to me what you did. I never had a friend only a pal like Red Pete, who picked me up ' on shares.' I want to quit this yer — what I'm doin.' I want to begin by doin' the square thing to you'— he stopped, breathed hard, and then said brokenly : ' My hosB is over thar, staked out. I want to give him to jioa. Judge Boom pointer will give you a thousand dollars for him. I ain't lyin'— it's God's truth ! 1 saw it on the handbill1 agin a tree. Take him, and I'll get away nfoot. Take him. It's the only thing I can do for you, and I know it don't half pay for what you did. Take it — your father can get a reward for you — if you can't.' Such were the ethics of this strange locality that neither the man who made the offer, nor the girl to whom it was made, was struck by anything that seemed illogi cal or indelicate, or at all inconsistent with justice or the horse thief's real conversion. Salomy Jane nevertheless dissented, from another and weaker reason. ' I don't want your horse, though I reckonDad might — but you're just starvm'. I'll get suthin'.' She turned towards the house. ' Say you'll take the hoss first,' he said, grasping her hand. At the touch she felt herself coloring and struggled, expecting perhaps another kiss. But he dropped her hand. She turned again with a saucy gesture and said : ' Hoi' on; I'll come right back,' and slipped away— the mere shadow of a coy and flying nymph in the moonlight until she reached the house. Here she not only procured food and whiskey but added a long dust coat and hat of her father's to her burden. They would serve as a disguise for him and hide that heroic figure, which she thought that every body must now know as she did. Then she rejoined him breathlessly. But he put the food and whisky aside. ' Listen,' he said ; ' I've turned the hoss into your corral. You'll find him there in the morning, and no one will know but that he got lost and joined the other horses.' Then she burst out. ' But you— -you — what will become of you? You'll be catched !' 'I'll manage to get away,' ha said in a low voice, ' ef — ef ? ' 'Ef what?' she said tremblingly. ' Ef you'll put the heart in me -again — as you did !' he gasped. She tried to laugh^-to move away. She could do neither. Suddenly he caught her in his arms with a long ki?s, which she returned again and again. Then they stood embraoed as they had embraced two days before — but no longer the same. For the cool, iazy Salomy Jane had trans formed into another woman — a passionate, clinging savage. Perhaps something of her father's blood had surged within her at that supreme moment. The man stood erect and determined. ' Wot's your name ?'' she whispered quickly. It was a woman's quickest way of defining her feelings. ' Dart.' ' Yer first name ?' 'Jack.' ???';; 'Let me go now, Jack. Lie low in the woods till to-morrow sun- up. I'll come agin.' He released her. Yet she lingered a moment. 'Put on those things,' she said with a sudden happy flash of eyes and teeth — 'and lie cIoho till I come.' And then she sped away home. But midway up the distance she felt her feet going slower, and something at her heartstrings seemed to be pulling her back. She stopped, turned, and glanced to where he had been standing. Had she seen him then, she might have returned. But he had disappeared. She gave her first Bigh, and then ran quickly again. It must be nearly 10 o'clook t It was not very long to morning ! She was within a few steps of her own door when the sleeping woods and silent air appeared to suddenly awake with a sharp ' crack !' She stopped paralysed. Another ' crack!' followed that echoed over to the far corral. She recalled herself instantly and dashed off wildly to the woods again. As she ran she thought of one thing only. He had been ' dogged ' by one of his old pursuers and attacked. But there were two shots, and he was unarmed. Sud denly she remembered that she had left hf r father's gun standing against the tree where they were talking. Thank God ! she may again hava raved him. She ran to that tree ; the gun was gone. She ran hither and thither, dreading at every step to fall upon his lifeless body. A new thought struck her ; she ran to the corral. The horse was not there ! He must have been able to regain it, and escaped — after the shots had boen fired. She drew a long breath of relief, bnt it was canght up in an apprehension of alarm. Her father, awak ened from his sleep by the shots, hurriedly approached her. 'What's up now, Salomy Jane?' he de manded excitedly. ' Nothin','.' said the girl with an effort. ' Nothin', at least-, that I can find.' She was usually truthful because fearless, and a lie stuck in. her throat — but she was no longer fearless, thinking of him. ' I wasn't abed ; so I ran out as soon as I heard the shots fired,' she answered in return to his curious gazs. ' And you've hid my gun somewhere whero it oan'fc be found,' he said reproach fully. ' Ef it was that sneak Larrabee, and he fired them shots to lure mo out, he might have potted me, without a show, a dozen times in the last five minutes.' She hadn't thought since of her father's enemy ! It might indeed have been he who had attacked Jack. But she made a quick point of suggestion. ' Run in, Dad, run in and find the gun — you've got no show out- here without it.' She seized him by the shoulders from behind, shield ing him from the woods, and hurried him, half expostulating, half struggling, to the house. But there no gun was to be found. It was strange — it must have been mislaid in some corner ! Was he sure he had not left it in the barn ? But no matter now. The danger was over — the Larrabee trick had failed— he must go to bed now, and in the morning they would make a search together. At the time she had inwardly resolved to rise before him and make another search ot the wood, and perhaps — fearful joy as she recalled her promise ! — find Jack alive and well awaiting her ! . Salmony Jane slept little that night — nor did her father. But towards morning he fell into a tired man's slumber nntil the sun was well up the horizon. Far different was it with his daughter : she lay with her face to the window, her head half lifted to catch every sound— from the creaking of the sun-warped shingles above her head to the far-off moan of the rising wind in the pine-trees. Sometimes she fell into a breathless, half ecstatic trance — living over every moment of the stolen interview— feeling the fugitive's arm still around her, his kisses on her lips, hearing his whispered voice in her ears — the ? birth of, her new life ! This was followed again by a period of agonising dread — that he might even then' be lying, his life ebbing away, -in the woods with her name on his lips, and she resting here inactive— until she half started from her bed to go to his succour. And this went on until a pale opal glow came into the sky, followed by a still paler pink on the summit of the white Sierras, when she rose and hurriedly began to dress. ' Still so sanguine was her hope of meeting . him, that she lingeredyet a moment to select the brown holland skirt and yellow suo bonnet she had worn when she first saw him. And she had only seen him twice ! Only twice ! It would be cruel, too cruel — not to see him again ! She crept softly down the stairs, listen ing to the long-drawn breathing of her father in his bedroom, and then, by the light of a guttering candle, scrawled a note to him, begging him not to trust himself out of the house until she returned from her search, and leaving the note open upon ' ' the table, swiftly ran out into the growing day. ?-.-..--.?? Three hours afterwards Mr. Madison Clay awoke to the sound of loud knocking. At first' this forced itself upon his con sciousness as his daughter's regular morn ing summons, and was responded to by a grunt of recognition and a nestling closer in the blankets. Then he awoke with a \ start and a muttered oath, remembering the events of last night and his intention to get up early — and rolled out of bed. Be coming aware by this time that the knock ing was at the outer door, and hearing the shout of a familiar voice, he hastily pulled on his boots, his jean trousers, and, fasten ing a single suspender over his shoulder as he clattered downstairs, stood in the lower room. The door was open, and waiting upon the threshold was his kinsman — an old ally in many a blood-fcud — Brecken- ridge Clay. 'You are a cool one, Mad,' said the latter in half admiring indignation. „ ' What's up ?'' said the bewildered Madison. ' 3? on ought to be, and scootin' out o' this,' said Breckenridge grimly. ' It's all very well to 'know nothin' ;' but here's Phil Larrabee's friends hev ju3t picked him up, drilled through with slugs and deader nor a crow, and now they're lettin' loose Larrabee's two half-brothers on you. And you mush go like a derned fool and leave these yer things behind you in the breeb,' '? he went on querulously, lifting Madison Clay's dust coat, hat, and shot-gun from hi3. horse, which stood saddled at the door. ' Luckily I picked them up in the woods comin' here. Ye ain't got more than time to get over the State line and among your folks thar afore they'll bo down on you. Hustle, old man. What are you gawkln' and starln' at ?'' Madison Clay had stared amazed and be wildered — horror-stricken. The incidents of the past night for the first time flashed upon him clearly — hopelessly ! The shot ; his finding Salomy Jane alone in tha woods ; her confusion and anxiety to rid herself of him ; tho disappearance of the shot- gun ; and now this new discovery of the taking of his hat and coat for a dis«K guise! ? She had killed PaulLarrabee in that disguise, after provoking his first harmless shot ! She, his own child, Salomy Jane, had disgraced herself by a man's crime-r-had disgraced him by usurp ing his right, and taking a mean advan tage, by deceit, of a toe ! . ' Gimme that gan,' ha said hoarsely. Breckenridge handed him the gun in wonder and slowly gathering suspicion. Madison examined nipple and muzzle ; one barrel had been discharged. ]jfc was true ! The gun dropped from his hand. 'Look here, old man,' said Brecken ridge, with a darkening face, ' there's bin no foul play here. Thar's bin no foul play here. Thar's bin no hirin' of men, no de puty to do this job. You did it fair and square — yourself ?' ' Yes, by God !' burst out Madison Clay __ in a hoarse voice. ' Who says I didn't ¥' Eeassured, yet believing that Madison Clay had nerved himself for the act by an over-draught of whisky, which had affected his memory, Breckenridge said curtly, 'Then wake up and lite out, ef you want me to stand by you.' 'Go to the corral and pick me out a hoss,' said Madison slowly, yet not without -*a certain dignity of manner. ' I've suthin' to say to Salomy Jane.' He was holding her scribbled note, which he had disco vered, in his shaking hand. Struck by his kinsman's manner, and knowing the dependent relations of father and daughter, Breckenridge hurried away. Left to himself, Madison Clay ran his fingers '' through his hair, and straightened out the paper on which Salomy Jane had scrawled her note, turned it over, and wrote on the back: — ' You might have told me you did it, and not leave your ole f»ther to find out how you disgraced yourself and him too, by a low-down, underhanded, woman's trick ! I've said I done it, and took the blame myself, and all the sneakiness of it that folks suspect. If I get away alive — and I don't much care which — you needn't foller. The house snd stock are yours; but you ain'c longer the daughter of your disgraced father, Madison Clay.' He had scarcely finished the note when; with a clatter of hoofs and a led horse, Breckenridge reappeared at the door elate and triumphant. '.You're in nigger luck, Mad ! I found that stole horse of Judge Boompointer's had got away and strayed among your stock in the corral. Take him and you're safe — he can't be outrun this side of the State line/' 'I ain't no horse thief,' said Madison grimly. '? — - ' Nobody sez ye are, hut you'd be wuss — a fool — ef you didn't take him. I'm testimony that you found him among your hosses ; I'll tell Judge Boompointar you've got him, and ye can send him back when you're safe. The Judge will he mighty glad to get him back, and call it quits. So if you've writ to Salomy Jane — come.' Madison Clay no longer hesitated. Salomy Jane might return at any moment — it would be part of her ' fool womanish ness' — and he was in no mood to see her before a third party. He laid the note on the table, gave a hurried glance around the house, which he grimly believed he waG leaving for ever, and, striding to the door, he leaped on the stolen horse, and swept away with his kinsmen. Bat that note lay for a week undisturbed on the table in full view of the open door. ? ?i\'r~' The house waB invaded by leaves, pine cones, birds, and squirrels during the hot, silent, empty days, and at night by shy, stealthy creatures, but never again, day or night, by any of the Ciay family. It was known in the district that Clay had flown across the State line, his daughter was believed to have joined him the next day, and the house was supposed to be locked up. It lay off the main road, and few passed that way. The starving cattle in the corral at last broke bounds and spread over the woods. And one night a stronger blast than usual swept through the house, carried the note from the table to the floor, where, whirled into a crack in the flooring, it slowly rotted. But though the sting of her father's re : proach was eparod her, Salomy Jane had no need of the letter to know what had happened. For as she entered the woods in the dim light of that morning she saw the figure of Dart glidi/ig from the shadow of a pino towards her. The unaffected cry of joy that rcse from her Iip3 died there as she caught sight of his face in the open light. 'You are hurt,' sha said, clutching his arm passionately. ' No,' he B*id. ' But I wouldn't mind tbafc if — — ' ' You're tliinkin.' I was afeard to come '. ? ? . \ ? back last night when I heard the shootin', but I did come,' sho wont na feverishly. ' I ran back hero when I heard the two shots, but you were gone. I went Co the corral, but your hoss wasn't there and I thought you'd got away.' ' I did got away,' said Dart gloomily. ' I killed the manV thinkin' he was huntin' me, and forgettin' I was distinguished. He thought I was your father.' ' Yes,' said the girl joyfully, ' he was after da \, and you — you killed him.' She again caught his hand admirably. But ho did not respond. Possibly there were points of honor which this horse thief felt vaguely with her father. 'Listen,' he said grimly. 'Others think it was your father killed him. When I did it — for he fired at me first — I. ran to the corral again and took my iioss, thinkin' I might be follored. I msde a clear circuit of the house, and when I fired he was only one, and no one was follerin* — I come back here and took off my disguise. Then I heard his friends find him In the wood, and I know they suspected your father. And then another man came i;tirough the woods while I was hidin' and found the clothes and took them away.' He stoppad and stared at her gloomily. But all this was unintelligible to the girl. 'Dad would have got the better of him ef you' hadn't,' she said, eagerly, ' so what's the difference ?' ' All tho same,' he said gloomily, ' I must take his place.' She did understand, but turned her head to her master. ' 1'hen you'll go back with me and tell him. all V she said obediently. ' Yes,' he said. She put her hand in his, and they crept out of the wood togethev. She foresaw a thousaud difficulties, but, chitfest of all, that he did not love as sbie did. She would not have taken theso risks against their happiness. But alas ! for ethics and heroism. As they were issuing frona the wood they heard the sound of galloping hoofs, and had barely tima to hides themselves before Madison Clay, on the stolen horse of Judge Boompointer, swept past thpm. with his kinsman. - Salomy Jane turned to her lover. And here I might, as a moral romancer, pause, leaving the guilty, passionate girl who eloped with her disj bputable lover, destined to lifelong shame and misery, mis understood to the last by a criminal, fasti dious parent. Bat I am confronted by certain facts, on which, this romance is based. A month later a handbill was posted on one of the sentinel pines an nouncing that the property would \ be sold by auction to the highest bidder by Mrs. John Dart, daughter of Madison Clay, Esq., and it was sold accordingly. Still later — by ton years— the chronicler of these pages visited a certain 'stock' or ' breeding f»rm' in the ' Blue Grass Country ,' famous for the popular racers it had produced. He was told that the owner was the ' best j'ndge o? horseflesh in the country.' ' Small wonder,' added his informant, ' for they say as a young man out in California he was a horse thief, and. only saved himself by eloping with somn rich farmer's daughter. JBut he's a straight out and respectable man. now, whose word about horses can't be bought ; and as for his wife, she's a beauty ! To see her at the ' Springs,' ringed out in the latest fashion, you'd never, think she bad ever lived out of New York or wasn't tJie wife of one of its millionaires.' 