The Bendigo "Ghost" -Śćare. . A YOUNG WOMAN- STRUCK DOWN. Ill all the sensational-accounts -which havebeen reported concerning the doings of the " ghost," it has nevęr been alleged that the ap|iaritión has resorted to violence, but according to the story of Miss Skilbeck, a resident of Holdsworth road, the " ghost" depaated from hiis usual tactics on Thursday nigt, and became so bold as to strike. About 9 • o'clock that evening it was reported to Constable Owens by the father of the young man, Eugene Johnson, who was arrested on Tuesday evening for masquerading in woman's -clothes . while endeavoring to catch the " ghost," that the apparition had appeared in Frederick street, Little Iron Bark, and frightened a' young lady named Saiah Skilbeck while she was proceeding on a visit toMr Johnson's house. The constable at once went to the scene, and fonnd Miss Skilbeck in a hysterical condition, and unable to make a statement. From Mr Johnson, senr., the son, and Mr Robinson, a neighbor, the constable, however, was told a It was to the effect that Miss Skilbeck was proceedihg"albne'to "Mr Johnson's house about 8 o'clock, and had reached within 20 yards of the place, when she was startled by a white form which appeared to leap over her left shoulder, and which halted right in her path. It commenced to dance in front of her, and spreading its arms, moved them slowly up and down, while, such is her story as related: to the Johnsons and Mr Robinson, its form seemgd at„titaS5toŁo 9kriS'k, ! "vŁ»?mua, young woman drew from her pocket a stone, with which in view of the ghost scare Ehe had armed herself when setting out from home, and aimed it at the " ghost," which then advanced close to her and struck her a blow on the mouth, which felled her ao the ground. Her screams were heard by young Johnson and Mr Robinson, who lives opposite to the former, andntlie two rushed outside, Johnson .appearing first. The latter states that he saw the spectre run up the road and followed it, but before he could overtake it it disappeared over a fence. The young woman was then conveyed inside, and remained in a hysterical state all night. There-is no doubt but. that Miss Skilbeck received a fall, for her dress bore signs of contact with the muddy footpath. The blow, however^ did not leave aliy mark on her face. Thfe fence JoVer which the 1 " ghfast" is said to have'leaped is com'posed'of pickets about 7ft in height,-and is such that it would take an ordinary individual Jive minutes to negotiate. Johnson, however,"states that the apparition " tóokY flrwith".SDeh eaBe as to make one's flesh" creep." ' if simply glided over it." Although the constable searched the vicinity he could find jio. .trace of the masquerader; the grass and bushes behind the fence were ńot! disturbed, and the* spectre had apparently vanishedj^roni-human ken. There appeared to ithe constable little doubt but that Mrs Skdbeck's fear was genuine, bót her story and thait 'oTMrJoh'nson's are so remarkable that they appear incredible. Mrs Johnson states thas the form appeared before her a few nights back, when she -was Standing at her gate.— Advertiser. Spurious florinsare in circulation in Bendigo. They consist partly of a certain issne of b penny, and may be detected by a coppery hue; On pressure round the rim.with a penknife the ćóin "*^ill separate in two parts. In the Warrenheip distillery there is in stock £33,000 worth of dutiable liquor. A speaker at Mildura on Thursday defined a Government to be " the most successful sincreating.machine that human ingenuity had devised." "VALUABLE Discovfrt POR THE Haił— If your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, Jase "The.Mwican Hair Renewer," for it urjl positively, restore • .in every ease Grey or White hair "to its original color, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most " Restorers-'' It -makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as .well aś promoting the growth of the : hair ohbald spots, where the glands are not decayed. 'Ask your Chemist for "Thb Mexican Haik •Rsnewbr," sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere' at 3s fidper Bottle. "Wholesale ' depot, 35, Tairinip4on Road, London, England: 