PARLIAMENT LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL In the Legislative Council Aug. 23, the Crown Suits Bill and the Police Act Amendment Bill were read a third lime. Mr. R. S. Haynes moved that the sub ject-matter of the petition recently pre sented to the House by certain Indian British subjects, praying for the amend ment or repeal of the Hawking and Peddling Act, be considered in commit tee of the whole House, .and thai it be an instruction to the committee to report to the House as to the advisableness of repealing or amending the Act. Mr. Haynes advocated the -cause, on the ground that the Act had been passed hurriedly at the end of the last session, prohibiting the calling for orders at houses, which was described as hawking. While commercial- travellers could ply their - avocation, the Indian subjects of the empire were persecuted. The tone of the discussion was decidedly against any alteration, the opinion being that the Act tended to put down a great nui sance. Other members thought that the law was a dead letter,. Mr. Piesse af firming that the district along the Great Southern railway was over- run with Af ghan hawkers. Mr. Haynes, in ieply5 deplored that say subjects of Her Ma jesty, however humble or of what-e?er color, should not have their petition considered. He appealed for ^ that con sideration, and the motion, on a. divi- sion being taken, was agreed to by 12 to 4\. ? . The House then went into committee. Mr. Haynes moved that the committee should recommend the repeal of the Act He held that the Act, in any case, was unworkable, and there were only about 100 Indians in the colony. If neces sary the Act could be amended,, so as to nrovide for the issue of licences. 'The chamber, however, lent a deaf €ar to the persuasive argument of the bon. member. On the motion being put and declared negatived, Mr. Haynes called for a division, but, he being solus, tbe chairman ruled that no division could be taken. ? ' . ... The Colonial Secretary moved the se cond reading of the Public Education Bill, prefacing bis remarks with, the ob servation that he had assisted to pass the original Act in tbe old Legislative Council in 187a. He then descriBed the bill clause by clause. On the. sub ject of religious instruction in schools, he did not agree with the suction.. taken by the Assembly, and he hoped an op portunity would be afforded for recon sideration. If only from a literary and historical standpoint, children, espe cially in die country districts, should be acquainted with biblical facts, and the principle should be tbe law of tbe coun try- Before 1871 they had the Bible read in schools,' and in that year, when it was proposed to abolish it, the citi zens of Perth strongly resented It. He assisted the late Bishop Hale in the stand he took, and a compromise was* effected, allowing the Scriptures to be read without comment. ' That was the state of affairs till 1893, when the New South Wales Act relating to religious instruction was adopted, allowing mini sters to give instruction at stated times. He was entirely in sympathy with tbe main and general .objects oi die bill, which he explained in detail. Mr. Whitcombe, following, led off with the bone of contention — the func tion of the State to teach religion. He held that as the State bad no religion, and it could not assume a power it did not possess, it would be improper to insist on what religious belief should he compulsory .for any child to' receive without .the consent of its parents or guardians. He intended to move in that direction when the measure was in committee. Allowing1 the broadest average, there was not more than one Sunday-echool teacher for every 32 chil dren in the colony, and if the churches did their duty there - would be.no ne cessity for the intervention of the State. 'But they don't do it,' interjected Mr. Surges. 'Is that any reason why the State should interfere?' replied Mr. Whitcombe. It would be impossible for any value to be derived from tbe Scriptures if read without comment. A novel might just as well be read. No person but an ? accredited minister should be qualified to impart religious instruction. Generally he was in favor of the bill, with the exception of the re ligious clauses, which he hoped would be excluded. The bill was then read the second time, and its committal made an order of the day for Thursday next. The advent of the resumption ©f the debate on the second reading of the Divorce Bill was marked by the pre sence of ladies in the chamber: Mr. Haokett resumed the -discussion. He said tbe bill proposed to substitute the State licence of concubinage for- the halo of religious sanctity, which for age6 had bound the marriage tie He contended that judicial separation would meet the object aimed at by Mr. Stone, who had charge of tbe bill., which established a new principle, that marriage in one colony would be no marriage in another, legitimacy would be a question of longi tude, and the stain of the sinister bar would belong to persons wholly innocent themselves. He pointed out the bill as it stood was entirely imperfect, for the basis for causes for divorce in the bill was wanting, namely, incompatibility of temper, which led to the crimes enume rated in the bill as the grounds for di vorce. Therefore, Ebwever revolting it might be to the man or woman, they would have to commit adultery or some other crime to obtain a divorce. He concluded a strong appeal by moving that tbe bill be read in six months' time. Mr. E. S. Haynes proposed to deal -with the practical side of the question as it appeared to him as a lawyer who - had had experience of the divorce law j of the colony. The question of divorce had no personal interest for him, as he belonged to a church which did not re cognise divorce; but ae it was enume rated in the statutes, as & representa tive of the people he asked himself whether the bill was necessary. He thought that with a few amendments * the bill . could be made acceptable. To show why divorce was necessary the hon. member drew aside the veil of pro fessional secrecy, and gave the result of his practical experience. Few people had any idea of the gross cruelty exercised by some men. A judicial separation was submitted as the proper remedy, but what was a judicial separa tion? It would cost £150 to obtain one. It had been argued that a ghost would follow the offspring of divorced parents, but after a woman got a sepa ration, what was she? A woman with out a name ; and what became of the children? Generally the woman, who was always ready to receive her off spring, took them, though the man was better able to support them. However, he invariably took up with another woman. He hoped to be able to modify some of the.^^ounds enumerated in the bill, so as to make it more generally ac ceptable. On the motion of Mr. Eidson the de bate was adjourned. The Rivers Pollution Bill was further considered in committee, and a new clause added, making the measure ap plicable only to the Perth Municipal Council, and within a radius of 30 miles of its boundaries. The bill was passed through committee, and the third read ing made an order oT the day for Thurs day week. The Warrants for Goods Indorsement Bill was also passed through committee, and the third reading made an order for to-day. ' ' The House adjourned at 9.50 p.m. to this afternoon. 