The Liiffht that Cast no Shadow Curious'stories are told about the powers possessed by "certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mofmuius. Thce old men, it Is said, have devotwft •cores of yesrs.to ^he study Of natural law« and force*, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited' the " adepts" as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. ' They treated him rather ecurrilv, but interested him ail'the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscript*. Aa ad^pt wdot with him to a cave wherein the books'were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the 1 visitor. " Then we will have some light," was th$ reply, and immediately (the professor say<Q a soft, pearly light brightened the cave, fife could not tell whence it came, but lie noticed that it had one strange quality—it cast not the slighleM shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that a* I the liehts you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Hr Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A mm who has beei ill for-year?, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when fri-mls tell hun of a medicine which they ' believe will make lirn well. What el.-e but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example :— ".In the springof 1883," writes our correspondent, " I fell into a low, weik, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and oat of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the cheat. I was. much troubled wi h wind, and frequently spajt up a sour fiuid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and greatdepression of spirits. I kept up irith my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. OS and en I continued ia thi* way- for two years, nothing that I took relieving tno. At la»t I heard of Mother SeigelV* S3 rap, aad procured a supply. After I had taken only 1 few doses I found relief 4 ray food digested, and gradually all nervonsness left me. Although ( had no reason at first to feel aay confidence fa this medicine^ never having nsed it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its valae. and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirit*. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893 " There is a deal of difference between Mr Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may oe true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and paiu bad cast such dark aod terrifying shadows. And that ia why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 