TVHE HAUNTED MOUNTAINS COLONEL CODY'S SEARCH.. A rOUlANCE OF THE WEST. BY COLONEL PRENTISS INGRAM, Acther of the "Mysterious Manin Blue." &e.; C.?TErs XXXVIII. -.TELL-7"AL KNIFE. ES _Wil!i:, the colonel's niece, .as -rsre that her uncle had been disturbed in t:e night, but as he said nothing to her at breakfast about it, after' his .niang duties were over she sauntered i.to his quarters., and said : - - "'s anything going wrong, uncle,- for :.? were called up last night?" no. I had not retired, my dear: ant pa.,iar is wrong; only-this storm keeps rp. and the cattle must suffer if it does cc: aon end, for we have not proven-. der sa:Ticient to last half through the 'i-:er at this rate." •* ,h storms are an exception, the e! scouts tell me; for they say the win tr:e here are generally open; with littl Yes, so I have been told, Ethel; and settld., miners, and Indians must suf fer neatly, for I know that we are hav injg ur share of misery." "Uncle, where did you gef' this odd penknife?" suddenly asked Ethel, taking rcm nher uncle's table a knife with what apreared to be a solid silver handle. ?k. that i?-ife! I do not recognise '. One some offilcer has left here this morning, I fancy." "It is evidently home-made, the silvr taken from the - mines, and the blades made from" another- knife. Oh, there is a name-upon lt" Anrd turning it over Ethel read : "Why, it Is the name of the young ran.chero who is missing - Burt Brax ton." The colonel quickly rose, and taking t~k knife, looked at it searchingly. Then i(, -aid : 'Yes, I know iow where it cae.from. I put it there lastnilght,-ind- had forgot ton it." - "'Do you see the name upon it, uncle?" ''TYs, and it is that of the.handsome young ranchero who so -mysterously disappeared with one " of his cowboys orme months ago." - - "How did you get it, uncle?" "Ethel. can you keep 'a secret""' 'Just tyT me, uncle." .- - ," - "I have often tried you and found that you are a contradiction to the assertion that one of your sex cannot keep a se cret, for I remember important secrets that you have well kept " "And can again," said Ethel, with umle. "Then I will tell you one: and which only one person in the fort yet .knows besides myself" . The colonel then told of the weird midnight visitor, and unlocking his desk, read the mysterious letter. Ethel lis tened patiently, and then asked: "And this letter was pinnmied upon the outside of .the- gate"?' "Yes, for the inan -ilked hlis life at the hands of the'sentry' toride up and place it there." - "'With this knife?" - - "Yes. Lennox brought it to me and told me that the knife was -driven- through the envelope into-the wood." "That would indicate that'the rancher is the Ghost of the Mountains, sir." "It would seem so. But why he is masquerading as such I cannot under stand." • "His reasons are gooadones, doubtless." "Why so, Ethel?" "Well, the ghost rescued Cody from the outlaws; he guided . the command vwhen astray in the storm to the Mid aighters' retreat, where they found shel ter, If not the lawless band; he gave warning of the attack of the Indians, and now informs you of the capture of there is a mysterious person that saves them. He surely has done good ser yice, uncle." - - "He has, indeed, Ethel; only I cannot understand why this man Braxton, if he it is, should go about it in this weird may of playing ghost." "Perhaps he can be far more useful as a pretended spirit than as himself; for men are very superstitious, uncle, espe cially lawless men." "Very true, EtheL- You argue well" "But, uncle, where the: knife would in dicate that it was `"Mr- Braxton who plays ghost and. left .'this letter, ~the writing is that of a:woman. - - The colobelseized-the letter, and glaic. ing at it, said: "You are right, .Ethel, and are a close 'Observer; for 'I had- not noticed . that Yes; It is a- woman's writing, or the San writes most effeminately."^ - "Mr Braxton,..when last here, gave the post trader an order for a large bill of supplies, I heard you say, sir; so the writing of his can be compared with thisa" - . . The colonel wrotea note to. the trader, Sent it by the orderly, and. in a short while he " returned, bearing a slip of paper, upon which was written in a bold, legible hand a list of articles which the trader had supplied the young rancher with - "He says, sir, that the young gentle lran wrote the list 1fniself at his desk. Sir," said the orderly, as he saluted and left the room. "Uncle, these two are wholly different in handwriting, and one Is written by a woman, whilo.the penlmnife would indi date. that it is MrBralton who is mas :uerading as thetGhost of the Moun t-ins," said Ethel Willis, impressively. '"Then the mystery only deepens," Colonel Ferris responded. CHAPTER XXXIX.-THE LIEUTE \- 'ANT'S IISSION. Colonel Ferris felt better after having made known to his niece the secret of the visit of: the Ghost of the Haunted 'Fort to the outpost at midnight in the terrible blizzard. "I think -I'llhave to make you a mem l-er of my military staff, Ethel, as secret advlser," the colonel said, in a tone of i-alf-earnestness. "All right, uncle. A. woman's head is rometimes good in a council even of sol diers. though it is in fact the head of a bo'ung girl. But I confess I am most beeply interested in this mysterious being known as the Ghost of the Moun tains, and I am anxious to see tile end sf the weird mystery.' "rI ancerely hope that we shall ds so tJefote long, Ethlel." And as several officers called in to see the colonel, Ethel took her departure. Though wishing to keep the letter from the weird midnight visitor a secret. "tat was really.only from general know ledge in the post for there were some of Isis officers before whom Colonel Ferris besired to place the matter, and get their views. So tho adjutant of the post. with Cap ain Lennox. Surgeon Powell, and halfI Sdozen others, discussed the strangeo 'weurrence over the colonel toiling thenm tbout the knife bearing Burr Braxton's ansme, and yet that tile letter -was not in his handwrlting, but a woman's. T'he result of this conference was that a young officer was despatched with a mall pos.e to nmake the rounds of the mining camps, settlements and stalie: mations. to warn all to be conotantly ready for another attack of the Indians, It spite of the weather. and to suggest that they keep scouts out to act in con lunctlon with those from the fort. The officer, who was Lleutenu?lt Pmory, had orders to also visit the ranch of ourt Braxton. and learn all about the msovements of thie young settler prior to ls disappea'ance and why he had left hia home; also to discover something rtbhout the mas who accomnpanied him. Armed with thc-se Instructions, Liou tenant Emory-, with an escort of a dozen sf his men. we:t oft on his rounds. It was on the afternoon of the fourth Ola of his absence that.he returned, and Want at once to his colonel's quarters. "Well. Emory. what news have you?" IE coloal aked. afoter greeting him 271 pleasantly, and added: "Speak out for ss lls knoo what your missio iw as s, miss . . l n Troie forng tlnce was very fond of Ethel and aeas otnly to glad to make his report b rfore her. that she might see honw bell he ad.done his duty ?. . iSo hetolda hoR he had visitedit h'a.i ous stage stations, settlements and min ing camps, and,havlng had a lesson from their formnner experience they were very wlling to follow all instructions coming from the fort, fand would be on the twatch and keep ohts c t, and he added: h S'hey are all most willing to confess. colonel, that. but for. th warning'given them before, and which many regarded as a false alarm, they would have been caught in a perfect surprise, and hav-e suffered greatly. But now as to the ranchero,- sir." "Fes." "I-hate found fib e men on the ranch, takling goodcare of his cattle and horses, of wfich'he has a considerable number. His .cabin homeu is most comfortably fitted up ,and all about it reveals the gentleman and man of refinement in spite of this rough frontier. His men are devoted to him, and have an abiding aith that he wtll return, though they cannot account for his mysterious dis apperance. The man, Blrney, who ac talk, the black sheep of the flock; but he seemed to have a pull with the ran chero for some reason. Mr Ira?ton. they told me, left with Lirney for a hunt in the;|nountains, to be gone only a few days, and the men say they think he has been snowed In; or, If anything has gone wrong with him, Bairney is at the bottom or it, for one of the men positivcly assert that Buck Birney has been a road agent, if he is not one of the Midnighters' band now, for he wa-s freqcuently known to make long expeditions alone, and never account for them. That, sir, ends thle report of my mission." And the lieutenant seemed much rleased at the h'?.rty approval the colonel gave him for what he had done. CHAPTER XL.-ANOTtlam WEIRD MESSAGE. The colonel and Ethel both asked Lieutenant Emory numerous questions about his mission, hdplng to draw out something that he had overlooked or for gotten tohtell. SHe told them, in answering these ques tions, that thle men knew nothing what ever sabout Braxton or his past -One of the men wao a Frenchman, and the' young man had.freeuently talked with' his master in that language, while upon one occSsion he had talked Spanish fluently with a man who stopped a day or too at the ranch. -He sung well and played the guitar, the mel said, while often to amuse them oe perfolmed the most astonishing teats of slight-of-hand, and possessed powers of hypnotism as well: he was also a superior ventriloquist. "I think the man has been an actor and a juggler, sir, from all accounts, ihough he is certainly very accomplish md,for the men showed me some charcoal sketches he had made of thenm, and th-y were perfect. The more I heard of him the more of a mystery I considered hint: for I san' odds oatd ends picked up in foreign lands, photographs he ohad taken himself, and pencil sketches of scenes abroad and in Mexico. Wihy such a man was.whilling to burn himself in a frontier home I could not understand,. le weas a dead shot, the men said, with rilo a:nd revolver, had a pair of foils in his cabin. and handled them superbly, appeared to have money, and could ride a horse and throw a lasso better thbn any man they had ever seen. Hie had been known to risk his life to save an outlaw from a mob, the crowd not being sure they had the right man. '"ie has but one life, and If you take it you cannot return it: so he shall have the benefit of the d aubt,' he had boldly said to the mob, and told the man to mount his horse and ride awtay while he held back tile crowd. "It was found out afterwards the man was Captain Lawless. the outlaw chief; and not listening to reason, some of the men proposed to hang Braexton as the -partner nf--t.th.: radf agent . A-ut.. he, warned them off, and when they would not heed him, he killed three of the gang; the others taking to their heels. Upon one occasion, his cowboys told me. helie had found a wounded Indial chief on the trail He had plut him on his horse and brought him to his ranch and ten derly caed for hin. Some of the miners Sheardthe chief was there, and came to take him out and hang him, but Beau Braxton, as they call hhn, faced the crowd, and told them that they must first kill him before they did his Indian guest.-- One of the men-a noted-despe rado--offered:tol?fght a duel for the Ii: dian' and' this was' forced upon Bra ton, and he killed the fellow before the other could draw his kweapon. so rapid rie hIs movements. Why, colonel, the men: talkned to nie until long after mid night about the young ranch- owner, and in their eyes he is certainly a hero, wnhlle the settlers all have a good word for him, as he is ever generous to those in need." Both the colonel and Ethel were much interested in all they heard of the strange young ranchman, and when the lieuten ant left they talked over what had been told them, the colonel saying at last: " ow, Ethel. what do you think--is Beau Braxton the ghost, or not?"' "I confess I do not know. uncle. Per haos If he again turns up we fwill be able to discover. But can nothing be done can we do ae haSve no Indicl braves as prisoners a-hom we can exchange for them, and nothing could buy their freedom: for the red-skins would rather have Cody's scalp than the scalps of a regiCment of soldiers. Ifeelthat my uands are tied. We canr only wait to see wnhat wnill be done by the Indians with their unfortunate prisoners. But, see, wTe are going to have another snow storm." ?nd the colonel was right, for as night came on the snow begi to fall, and when the morning dawned it lay a foot deep upon the ground. But there wae, a surprise for the sen tinel again at the main gate, as there 'n-s a trail to and from it in the snow. Tpon the sate was an envelope. fas tened with a pin, and it was addressed to Colonel Ferris. Quickly It wam carrieo ni the colonel, who openeld it in hdste as he recogznised his former weird correspondent's rit iTg. and rend: "'The three scouts have been put to oeath iy theInridians Lieutenant Sea ford and Colonel Cody yet alive. Steep constantly on tile alrth. "TIIE GIIOST OF TItE HAUNTED FOrT." There wos no more, and it 'n-s written in te sa teae frnil tille and s before. Ttlat was all. COAPTER XLI.-- IIEMMED IN. Whhen Colonel Cody rode away from hwis band of men, accompanied by Lieu tnhant Seaford and half a doze scoutes, his smolive dwas an exscellent one. Tie Indians had divided their forces there, taking two different trails to the inoutlanine. through canyoos and v.aleys htat woulli bring thtenm together again soine twenty miles further on. The chief of ecouts tihought that he saws a tip in this, and he was right. -It concluded that the main force, whieti he ld told Nick Neorcross to fol lomw 'nit, thie band of scouts, had taken with thiem the dead and woun dedbraedwer ti-htile picked carrior, sevetral hundred in number, had gone Iy the canyon ihe intended to follow on through. There could be but one motive in doing this in Cody's mind, ntd that wn S their having decided to make a feint of going that way, anid. wihen the ipuirsuing i~,rty had proceeded on after the main forme, to return, fall in behind them, in turn be come pursuers., and catch the scouts- wvho they had doubtless discovered were not in laorgo force-between twvo fires. It -a-n a clever pl.us to strikle a blow of revenge while retreating. and it was just what tile cuniingrchtef, Red Light hiss, had done, Po Cdoy. the Ileutenant. and the hralf dozen scouts pressed on after the smaller force of red-shkins. Cody himself took the lead, and his searching eyes took in any sigmn they came upon. The canyons, through which the wind had swept In ilurricanes, were devoid of snow. it having been blown through it. and the soil was so rocky just at such places that even the large numnbr of In dian ponies passing along had left no trail. It was just this circumstance which led to disaster, for, coming to where the trail was plainly marked again. Cody had continued on more rapidly, but with caution. Even he could not suspect that a hundred braves had dismounted from their ponies in the canyon, where no trail was left, and hidden among the rocks. Their ponies had been led on by their comrades. The ambushed - braves-cold, hungry. and desperate-saw their small bond of pursuerur pass on. They could hardly' believe their own eyes. " oulid it be .possible 'that 'so few men were onitheir tracok?' How large; then, was the number which had surely gone on after the main force? - They had expected that hundred solat diers at least were In their rear. So the band of a hundred braves lay low, waiting to see if others did not fol lowr. But no others came, and then a tall thlef sprang up from the rocks and .-rlied to his braves to follow him. He was In full war-paint and feathers. and yet a closer look revealed that a white face a-s concealed beneath the guise of an Indian chief. He told his braves in their own tongue to seek places of shelter--tlat just there was where they must head off their pur suers. And he gave orders that they should kill the horsei of their foes, but not the riders. "Pa-e-has-ks. the" great ong-lhaired foe of the Indians, is there, and must be taken alive, ha and those with him." he said, calling Cody by the namle by which he was known to the Indians. The canyon there was not a hundred yards in width, and the sides were rug ged, with large rocks that had broken off from the cliffs lying urp-n either side. Soluse of these boullers had rolled half way across the canyon, and from there the braves stretched their larinas, form Ing a rope fence across the way. Then they crouched In groups of five and ten behind the rocks, and thus formed a barrier which a troop of cavalry In a charge could not have broken through. It was the cunning plot of the rene gade white chief to at least bring honor to himself in that day of dire defsat to the Indians. His evil brain had conceived it, and cleverly he had carried it out. Now he had only to walt, for he had planned with his braves ahead-for he commanded that corns of red-skins that after going a given distance they should halt and ambush their pursuers. If they proved to be a small force, then they should spring upon them and drive them rapidly back Into his trap. If they were a large force, then they must fight them back slowly to the rope barrier and the waiting braves. Thus it was that Cody and those with him came to a point where they felt sure there was an ambush. A few shots sent into the timber proved that the chief of scouts was right, for the Indians revealed themselves, ad vanced, and the pursuers became in turn pursued, little dreaming that they had been hemmed in. CIIAPTERI XLII.-AtGAINST TER RIBILE ODDS. ";They are ambushed in that timber, or at least a number of them on foot," said Cody, as he came in sight of the place where the Indians had gone into ambush. "You are right, Cody, and we are too small a force to drive them, unless we can make them believe we have a large ford replied. "Well; we'll make- them show their hand. Boys, fire into the timber and flush those red-skins." The order was obeyed, and the result was that more red-skins were flushed than the little party cared to see. They at once came towards the chief of scouts' band, and there was nothing to do but retreat. "Well, we must fall back: but I only wish I had my troop here," said Lieu tenant Seaford. "Or lithe rest of my band of scouts. As it is, we can only fall back; reminding those fellows that we do not wish to be pressed- too hard;" and the scout emptied his repeating rifle into the midst of the red-skin band, and with a result that was fatal to one or more of them, for they yelled savagely. "See there, lieutenant; the whole force is returning. Can they intend to return and make a stand?" And Cody pointed to where the whole force of Indians who had taken that canyon were returning from beyond the scene of ambush where they had ridden. "It must mean that they have been re inforced from their village, Cody, and hope to make a successful fight against their pursuers, of course believing a large number of troopers were pur suing." "I only wish there were, sir. But that mo0ve means some devilry, I am sure. Do you notice that they do not fire upon "Yes." "I should judge from that that they have some plan to take us alive." "What can it ' -, Cody?" "Perhaps they know of another band coming on In our rear, and hope to catch us between two fires." "That would be bad," said Lieutenant Seaford, with a slurug of his shoulders. "Yes, sir; worse than we would wish, by far. But if they are not up to some dlevilry, then I do not know Indian cun ning an I think I do." "I guess you are righ.t, Cody : but whate.ver it is we must grin and bear "Supipose we bear it without the grin, lieutenant," said Cody, with a smile ; and he called out to 'his scouts who were following: "Wlat do you make of that red-skin move, boys," "They don't fire upon us, sir, I notice," said one. "That means they feel sure they've got ts." another remarked. "Tiley are plotting mischief, chief," said a third; and each man expressed himself as pretty sure that the Indians were playing some bold guame. "I hope it is a game of bluster," said Cody, keeping a good look-out ahead. Ieaving eyed the trail well as hIe went along, he continued: "I did not see where any of them turn ed off from the trail. and you notice that the pony traclks seem just as nu merous here as where we began to fol low them. IHad any of them ridden off w-e would surely have seen their trail,for I was looking for a trap of th.at kind." "Then they did not leave tile force, rny of them?" "Not on their ponies, lieutenant." "Ali! Thlcy iighlt havne done so tlhen on foot?" "Yes, sir; in the places where thile can yon was bare and the snow had drifted away. braves on foot migiht have hid den t.y the way." "That means they are in anbush go ing back?" "Yes, sir." "If that is the case, nwe ar·- in for it, Cody." "It looks o. Iie:utenant." "We must break through theum, then." them. then." "It Is our only chance." wa Cody's quiet response: and turning to his men lie explained just what the Indians might do to entrap them, adding: "The moment we find that such is the case ride up in line, end we'll open fire with our rifles. Then drop your reins upon your saddle-horses, and with :t revolver in each hand we'll charge upon therm all abreast. If any man falls it is a fate he must expect. If hleis wdunded.:those of us who can will try and save him, Do you understand-bols?" The scouts gave a decided answer in the :fihrmative, and then the eyes of all were bant on the canyon alhead, the In diars in their rear crowding them more Closely now. "Ah. It is as I expected! There they are, lieutenant - and, by Heaven, they have roped us in! Have your kn!ves ready, men, to cut through that barrier,'" cried Cody. the fire of battle now flash ing from his eyes. CHAPTER XLIII.-THE ItENE GADE'S PLEDGE. Those in that little band of heroes did not despair of what they beheld. rx?lind them were a couple of hundred mounted braves, pushing on to attack them. In their front the canyon narrowed. and there was a natural barrier almost across In large rocks. From these the Indians had stretched their lariat fence. Behind this fence and the rocks were a hundred braves on foot. "The situation is a desperate one, and we have hit off a little more than we can masticate, but her's a try," said Cody, with grim humor. "It icoks as though we had to go un di-. Cody; but we cannot grumble at Fate. for it is duty that demands the sacrifice of our lives. Shall we charge no1w? I will take the right;" and the brave oficer wheeled to the right. "Take the centre, lieutenant; for you are ia volunteer on this expedition. and must get through if anyone does to car ry the news to the boys." "No. Cody, I will shield my life behind no man's body. I will take the right of the line." was the oficer's response. "And I the left. SIen, are you ready?" A cheer broke from all, and the rifles of the scouts rattled forth upon the In dians until they vwere empty. And deadly work they did too. Then came the cry in Cody':; ringing tones: "Draw revolvers! Charge!" With a yell the men dropped their reins upon their saddle-horns, their re x'olvers were drawn, and in a steady line they rushed upon the rope barrier at full speed, their revolvers cracking as they charged. To their surprise the Indians did not fire heavily; only here :tnd there their riides flashed, and these brought down horses and not riders. As Lieutenant Seaford'i 0lhorse fell, Cody reined up quickly. and cried: "We will not desert you. sir. .Boys. we will die right here, and die fighting!" It was a desperate battle then that fol lowed, the little band fighting for life against a score to one. A horse went down, then a scout, then another horse, and another scout. A third scout fell, and yet the fight waged on' Not one of the little band threw a shot away. There was no firing at random. There was no command, no word spoken, no excitement. All felt that the end was to'be then, and so they fought with calm determi nation to die game and pile up a monu ment of dead foes around them. Piut each one could not but realise that the Indians were suffering a terrible loss to their little hand. It showes them that they were not to be. killed if necessar--- that orders had bean given to take them alive, and that only now and then some brave. breaking thie command, really fired to kill. Thus had the three, scouts fallen. They were dismounted now, and grouped together back to back. Revolvers and rifles had b?een emptied and were useless, and the scouts had drawn their bowie-knives. Lieutenant Seoaford had his sword. in hand, and the blade was red to the hilt Thus they stood at bay, and in a pause Cody said: "We are to be taken alive, and you all know whaLt that means." At that moment the Indians were pre paring for a rush. But a loud voice checked them, and then came tie words in English: "Surrender. and your lives .-hall be spa eod. Captivity does not nteantdeath: Will you surrender, Cody?" It was the white renegade chief who spoke. And the answer came from Cody. "Under the circumstances we can do nothling else." (To be Continued.) 