THE WIZARD'S LEGACY. BY E. J. LYSAGHT. CH-APTER VI. GENERAL MONK-RETIRED They did not see nmuch company at Cheshatn. Odcasionally when the picture judges ca:me round, the Major gave a formal dinner-party in his house; then the old family plate and .sevres chini were got out, and the old but ler rdescentled to the collar and brnought up t.hence rare wines and priceless. Then, too, did Daffodil-?st. her grand father's request-put on robes of splendour, and the Cheshami sapphires, in which she looked like a pretty child 'masquerading in the clothes of some, fine lady. But generally grand father -and grandchild lived in the quietest way. Dr. Hamilton fromt White Water, wvho played chess, and who was the family physician, some times rode, or walked over, and stopped to dine. He was a grey headed old bachelor, who .had pre cribed for Daffodil when she was a little child-who looked after the Major's g6ut-cut off his old port ruthlessly-and ordered plain roast and i hakld, with 'rigour. Daffodil liked the physician, and was always glad when his firm step and cheery, .voice was heard. On the evening of the thirtieth of June, the Doctor was dining at Ohesham. Daffodil had . cause to remember that date. Dinner was over, and the two gentlemen sat over 'their strawlheriies and cherries each with his glass well filled-the Major's gout having depahted. The winddw of tile dining-room was. open, and as she paced up and down (think ing of her sailor sweetheart) she could see the two gentlemen, comfortably leaning back in their chairs, with the mellow lamp changing the red wine into liquid rubies, and illuminating the noble salvers and tankards on the oak sideboard. "Daffodil !" called out the Major. The girl stepped in through' the French window. Will you bring me the portfolio of sketches of Venice;' my dear IL want -to show them to the Doctor,'" said the Major. " If it is not too much trouble," said the polite Doctor. " Not a bit of trouble, " said Daffo dil. "We have a dispute about the Doge's Palace," said the Major. " And your grandfather is as posi tive as he, generally is," said the Me dico, " but I think he'll find that he's wrong. ' " We 'shall soon see," said the Major. "You will find the portfolio oni the little table in the centre of the gallery. Be sure you bring the right one-not that with the views of Athens. " Datffodil tripped off, crossing the great hall, and ascending the .wide stairs. Both were brilliantly lit. But lthe picture gallery was never illumi nated except on grand ocoasions, when it was used as a sort of saloon. Neither hnlp i?or cdandle was: wanted, however. Tile full mooni rode highin the heavens, and its llight =0pured 'in through the Iwide w'indows, faiiing on the pictures and busts, and rich, dark carpet. The entrance to the gallery was closed with a heavy' curtain. Daffodil puthr-d it aside, and made her way to. the little central tl,;e on which the portfolio lay. This stood exactly opposite a wilndow, in the full light of the moonl ; Daffodil *with her back to the window, faced the famous picture. With' her hand on the portfolio, she was about to raise it, when a dull, muffled, nmelancholy sound, that seemed to comte from afar yet, to fill the gallery, startled her, and held her motionless. It was the sound of a bell-tolling. Bewilderod, she stood still, her heart beating quickly. 'Nobody is very brave at night, I think-at that moment Daffodil was shaking all over, for very fright. It was a doleful sound ; even in the I,roadest daylight it must have been meilancholy. She raised the port folio, and turned to leave the gallery. As she did so, she glanced at the pic. tore-fully revealed by the light from the opposite window-and she saw or fancied that she saw-a change pass over it. The -hand dropped the cur tain-- the face dissappeared I With a cry sfie ran to the entrance, dragged i,ack:thd' durtain, and rushed downstairs' not daring to look behind her. The 'lamps. 'the comfortable feeling of being away from the moon-lit gallery brought some relief, and she entered the dining-room with a breathless haste that made the gentlemen look at her in wonder. " Grandpapa i" she said-but then she became silent-for' there were three 1 .listeners instead of the two she had left behind her. A handsome, dark-eyed, dark-com plexioned man stood close to her. Major Chesmau saw, and under stood her wondering look. "'Daffodil, child," he said, " this is your Uncle Manuel,--Manuel, this is your little niece, poor Harry's child." i The dark-eyed gentleman madea very low Idw, and just toiuchei the girl's cold finger tips with his own. " Poor Harry's child I lie repeated and in what a musical voice, " and the heiress of ChebhlnLn 1" Daffodil looked front her grand- . father to the stranger, and then back again. - -. I He has given us all a surprise," said y the Major, " stepping in like a ghost -and what ails you, Daffodil-you look as if you had seen one ;" The girl was reluctant to explain I her fright had the Major and the t Doctor Ieen alone, she could have < done so, ibut the presence of this splendidly-handsome gentleman, this uncle, bf whom she had 'heard, but who was well-nigh a stranger to her, kept her lips sealed. " Sit down here, child," said her grandfather, taking her hand, " bless me, you are like an icicle. Your uncle has just stepped in at the window, and nearly frightened us out of our senses ! " " I realy ask' pardon"' said Mannel Chesham, "I am aware that I am al most a stranger here-my own fault, of course, but it is a fact-I should have driven'up to the door in state, or in such state as the funds of a younger son allow of, and then I should have sent in my card, and thus broken the ice." "Pooh' pooh, nonsense I "said the old gentleman, with a reddening cheek and rather un-omnfortabhle air, for in Manuel Cheslihami's voice and manner there was a curious mixture of jest and earnest, so blenlnd together that you could not distinguishl where one began and the other ended. " I'm very glad to see you, Manual, very, and you know you are always welcome here. Of course you are I If I had known you were coining, I'd have sent to meet you to the station." " You are really very good, father, quite too good; I like walking, I enjoy it.': I came through the park, and when I saw the light in these windowa, I made for thein, anid so-behold 'mel" " You had a long walk, if you came round by the avenu," said the Major. " But I did not. I got over the wall, and saved a mile." " Over the wall ! you are an active fellow, Manuel,"said the Major. " It is not very high, I have left my luggage, animate and inanimate, ,r, White Water I" " Oh it can he sent for; but what i. the live luggage Y? . "Only Pedro, I hope you won't objectr to him ? He is quite quiet.' " Oh a dog ! I see," said,the Major. "No, not a dog, a man, a servant. I. can do without many things, but Pedro is a necessity." V" ery good ! he is welcome too'! said the Major, " and now, Manuel, you can't have dined, I'll ring and have some soup and cutlets up." " Not for me, thank you I " said the courteous Manuel, who had by this time disposed his handsome person in a chair. " I do not dine so late as this. IHow charming everything is here ! My niece,"'a bow to Daffodil, -" no longer a child; my father, and this good doctor I" " Upon my word ! " said the' last. named gentleman, bluntly, "you did give us'a starti gliding in ait the win dow, so suddenly, yet so quiedy. L': drink your health, Mr. Ohesham, and congratulate you on your return home ! " ( o be Continued.) , , 