Literary. Publications Received. "Across the World for a "Wife," by Guy Boothby (Ward, Lock, and Co.). —Guy Boothby's latest is exactly like his first, or any of his others. Plenty of stirring situa- tions, one or two really exciting event©, a little snappy 'writing, and a great deal of limp dialogue make up the sum total. There Is the usual villain, and 'his confederate, the upright hero, the beautiful heroine, and the candid friend—all quite in order. The plot turn* on the search for " the wife's " brother, ■Godfrey Blake, 'by bis slater Mildred, her lover, Cuthbert Brudenell, her compAntfon, Miss Hemp, and her family solicitor, Hura iphry Vargessal—ln fact, by a nice little fam ily party. Godfrey himself, the usual type of a moneyed Englishman, has been swindled by the arch-villain, quarrelled with him, sailed away in his yacht, been wrecked, picked up, and carried to Cuba, where fin ally he is thrown Into prison. The arch villain, for excellent reasons of d'.s own, wishes also to find the pigeon he had tried to pluck, and the family party and lie Jcin forces accordingly. To go further Into their adventures during the search would be un fair to prospective readers, but enough has been eaid to show what possibilities the book possesses in the way ol dramatic in terest. And they are undoubtedly great. That is Guy Boothby's charm. From the standpoint of literary criticism his work i» not of a firet-'Cla&s; rank, but at the same time once a book of his has been started it i« hard for the reader to leave it halt finlßhed. Fortunately, perhaps, hie novels are not heavy. One can yet through them fairly rapidly, and they always make ideal reading matter for a rainy day or a railway Journey. J. Ambrose ■Walton lias illustrated the hook with a few sketches, which are somewhat remdniscent of Stanley L. Wood's work for the same author. " A Master of Mysteries," by L. T. Meade and Robert Eußtace (Ward, Lock, and Co.). —Anyone picking up a book by these authors (if Mrs. Meade will pardon her in clusion in the more numerous category) ex pects a thrilling tale of 'the supernatural, or pßeudo-isuptrnatural ; nor la this an ex ception. " A Master ol Mysteries" is a col lection of short stories told in the flnt person by one Bell, who acknowledges in his introduction that he Is " well known to his friends as a professional expoeer of ghosts, and oqe who can clear away the mysteries of most haunted houßea." Certainly he ac complishes the tasks set him with com plete success, but In bo doing he goes through experiences which to most people will be sufficient to deter them from follow ing the same profession. It 4s Btrange thait among human beings a grain or two of superstition remains, even in the most broad-minded individuals. None of us arc altogether free from the fascination of " ghost stories," which were the delight and terror of our childhood's days. And to the reading of this book is a somewhatt mixed pleasure. One feels that one should be above the cold shiver that travelß down the backbone—but the cold shiver is there all the same. Perhapß the most intense (in thiß light) of the stories is "The Warder of the Door." in which an iron door to a room in which is a peculiar-shaped coffin persists in closing on anyone who enters the room, the Bald coffin haying been filled ages ago with pieces of magnetic iron ore. But in all the stories, until the super natural is reduce*! to the natural, or the abnormal to the normal, the reader suffers from a vague unrest. The book could not be recommended to a nervous subject, but for an hour's entertaining reading for a reader of moderate strong-mindedness it will serve. Mbst, if not all, of the six stories have appeared in magaaines and periodicals of the past year, where doubtless many have already seen them. " The King's Jackal." by Richard Harding Davis (William Helnemann).—To readers of Mr Davis's first novel this book will be dlsaippolnting. " Soldiers of Fortune" was a. book to attract, powerfully told, well hung together, and intensely fascinating, with no lack of incidents. In "The King's Jackal," on the other hand, the reader is always expecting something to happen. He is in a perpetual Btate of being "worked up" to a climax which, when It doeß arrive, is small enough to be in danger of being missed altogether. The plot is slight, and concerns the Intrigues of Louis, King of Messina, to eet back his crown, or rather •to persuade his quondam subjects to give him money to keep a-Ay from <his kingdom. For this purpose one pf his co-conspirators, the Countess Zara, sells the secret of the expedition to the Republic, another of the King's tools collects money in Paris from misguided noblemen, and Louis, with the other rascals attached to his person, suc ceed in fooling three or four earnest people into believing that the expedition is genuine. Among these i* " The King's Jackal," the Prince Kalonay, who is loyaj to his king and fond of hia people. Of course the plot is frustrated, and the conspirator* who were not at first in the King's confidence, headed by the Prince Kalonay, decide to set Louis's son on the throne of Messina. Needless to say, the characters are all well drawn, perhaps a little sketchy here and there, but convincing. There are bits of really good writing in the book, where one sees the'earller style of the author peeping out, and some of the scenes are invested with that delicate humour which is one of the chief charms of Mr. Davis's work. Nevertheless, w*hen one remembers the author's earlier novels, one expects more. " More Australian Legendary Tales," by Mrs. K. L. Parker (David Nutt).—Another charming book by the author of " Australian Legendary Tales." The children of this continent have long wanted a set of fairy stories to take the place of Hans Andereen and Grimm, the environment of whose tales could not and did not in the slightest degree appeal to their imaginations. More over, the Australian child being precocious, he or she was wont to scoff at princes and fairies, griffins and dragons, and th^cest I of the great romancers' stock-in-trade. Mi». Parker's books are, therefore, invaluable for two reasons. They are more likely to be understood and better appreciated by the youngsters, and they are calculated to create an Interest in Australian ethnology, a subject which has, up to the present, h*d too little detention. "The Talea" are a collection of the legends of the blacks, ac counting for <the different natural phenomena, a*, for example, the rising and ' setting of the sun j and they afford many points of Interest not only to children but 1 also to anyone who is desiroua of investi gating the mhid and thoughts of the Aus tralian aborigine. Evidently, judging from the ingenious reasons given for various astronomical and other events of Nature, the study is worth pursuing, and in tiheir light, assuming, of course, that Mrs. Parker's collection has a groundwork of fact, the Australian black muet be given a higher place in the scale of civilisation than the African Bushman and the Terra del Fuegian, wU<h whom he lias previously been asso ciated. The book would make an ideal Christmas present. " Brooks's Australian Christmas Annual." —Messrs. William Brooks and Co., of Bris bane and Sydney, are in the field early with the first number of their Christmas annual, wfaicfr is to be known ac " Brooks's Austra lian Christmas Annual." The enterprising publishers aim to establish an Australian Christmas annual that will compare favour aWy with the best English Christmas pub lications. The first number is d=cid€dly promising. The chief literary contributors are H. Lawson, A. B. Paterson ('/ 'Banjo"), C. Brennan, V. J. Daley, Roderick Qutnn, and W. B. Beattle, while the artisus include F. P. Mialiony, Alice Muskett, A. H. Full wood, G. W. Lambert, J. R. Ashton, and D. H. Souter. The annual ie turned out in excellent etyle, and contains two excelleut coloured plates—"The Skipper *.nd tbe Alate," toy Julian Asihton, and " The Super and the Boss," by D. H. Souter. The letterpress throughout is liberally illus trated in black and whiite, some of the sketches being admirable. " Brooke's An nual" ia certainly creditable to fhe literary and artistk resources of Australia, and it may be welcomed as a production which de serves to survive. 