yHB H A U N T E D mountains • Ol!, COLON'!-- CODY'S SEAUCH. . ROMANCE or THE WEST. CEAFTK3 XXVI.—A BUGLE CALL. Ev ,v>1.0NEL PRENTISŚ INGEAM. Acisor of. tiie "Mysterious Man in Blue."' T. V .EI tl,e Indians were taken by surwithout saying. Cunning and •"j-ir.:? as they were, they had kept no ffa^r.'foi' they dared not let a brave re- ' r i V J m the fire on such a night. Tt'c'v- had r.o fear -whatever, believing iha' ńo one was abroad in the blizzard c' ice. Tney had .been hastening lor their 'wlir-n tliey came upon the camp S-s rted, not an hour before, by Cody a~i Sorsreon Powell, "ij-v,. yno«' had began to fall, tlae wind PAŚ increasing HI fury, and they had fcsltrf there, hoping that the storm would blow over. But by night it inere2sc,l ind they preferred to remain. \Vh<T. the rifles rang out in the darkrf^\'eyov.d the firelight, their roar wlih the howling winds, they w,-ri> momor.t.-irily dazed. But righi in their midst lay a score of Cimr comrades, and the cheers and fkaii:s tl !eir foes coming upon, them thought tlani to their , senses. The tlt-jpsprang from their blankets, and ceav.'y two hundred Indians arose for ac- Aisd th:-y prepared to fight—to retreat into the thickets within the circle tirelielit and make a desperate stand. Another lire from the repeating rifles jemught others down, and then they befcdd the mass of horsemen moving upon xhem. Th™ tli-y began tn hit back, and hit taid. as they doggedly retreated for iv,, pines where thc-ir ponies were hud ele-i together. For a moment it looked desperate for the p.-.le-fsces. for several had fallen dead under the red-sldn fire and others jrere wounded But just then the bugler in the rear toanded his wild call, and the Indians, who had Mi they could withstand the force they suw, believed that it was but an advanced guard ol a larger force, and they preierred to brave the dangers ol the blizzard to death by the bullets. But they retreated very sullenly, until oC on the right flank sounded another bogie call, aaid soon after again in the centre and then on the left. : Three calls indicated to the Indians that they were being flanked, and as the force WAS then pushed on in a des- I perate charge, they broke in a "wild stampede and sped down the valley, firing as they fled. "I Bill pursue them with my scouts for a. short distance. Lieutenant Seaford. while you get your force in camp and fcave pots of coffee made with all haste," cried Cody; and away he dashed with eight scouts at his back, while Surgeon Powell turned to care for the wounded. "That was a splendid ruse of yours, bugler, rushing to the flanks and giving your calls," said Lieutenant Seaford, as Ihi bugler rode up with Spurs, the negro, and the pack-horses. "I only obeyed Chief Cody's orders, sir; for he sent a scout back to tell me to •Bound the calls on the flanks,"' said the bugler, frankly. "Well, it stampeded the Indians, just H*: it was. hanging in the balance whether we would not be stampeded," .was the lieutenant's reply; and he gave tjrders to station half a dozen sentinels, have supper with all haste, and to bring tbf- wounded up to the "fire, and then he fcegan to see about his own men. 'Two soldiers and a scont dead, and men wounded, "with half 1 a. dozen horses killed, Powell," he said, as the Sargeon Scont was busy with the Founded- "We got off light, for then, are a score -tf dead Indians lying round," was the answer. "Thirty are killed, and they took many wounded braves with them. We captured a conple of dozen of their ponies for tunaielr: but I trust Cody will not VKrture too far." "No, but he will pursue until he makes the Indians believe he has a large- force following, and then they will keep closed up, and ride hard to escape and find a sheltered camp." It was over an hour before Cody returned to the camp, and the horses were used up and men almost dead from cold. "I scattered my men, and theythought we had a large number In pursuit. They will keep going now," said Cody. "It is juss as Powell said. Coine up get some Shot coffee, all of yon.: and theii turn ia. for the rest ol the command are warmed up now, have had supper, and I change-the guards every half hour. But, Cody, your orders sent back to Busier Brock saved us, for those <al!s sent the red-skins flying.' "I am glad of it. lieutenant. But see, tie blizzard is increasing in fury, and if •liose poor led-skins don't freeze, it will surprise me," and Cody did lull justice to the supper placed before him by Spurs. The wounded had been cared for, the horses blanketed, and the lire; were oiled htah with logs, but there was Utile sleep for the brave men thai night of stonn and danger. CHAPTER XXVIL—LOST. •She morning dawned with the storm sta rasing, the fierce wind driving the «now jn stinging showers over the land. Breakfast was had at an early hour, ani Surgeon Powell looked to the jo-jaded and reported another Ecout -ylng. but the others doing well, adding : "Fortunately, there is not another man ^•ńously wounded. -f- council of war was held, the two • "ratesaats. the Surgeon Scout, and CoSy bexg present, and after each had given ms Views on the situation, it _<ra& decided to gu on. ...'•". "I can leave two of your scouts. C®djv; a sergeant and four soldiers here to oury tile dead and to look after - the woucoeu who cannot go on. This, with losses, will cut our force tfown to «noui thirty men, but we will still outnumber the outlaws, and a surprise will count for much in our favor. As you said, we do not wish to be thwarted » our expedition, though we certainly: °ave accomplished much in the blow we' save the reu-skins. We will he ready to "Mt m an hour." • So said Lieutenant Seaford,and at the' ^ ^ins band that was «tuli face Uie blizzard rode out of the wnp on thtir desperate inarch to the •wT reireat - leaving behind them the \- rw to car,. tte T<ounded Ul-" same trail the red-skins aarrwf 11^ after three hours' weary łSannSiS?* 5 ' came whore they had been to to the night, or freeze camp-fires łrere were stni burning. baj,,,-- w sf a sreat delight to the little red-skins, fearing pur- <k-yiigte Ł ? Ueritly EtarŁed s < >0 » after: for 1 t£* n CUt ti5 ' form their dead, and nearly hall a hundred warriors who had died from their wounds and others who had frozen to death had been lat In the camp. • ', • There were dead ponies, too, and a tew wounded ones, sho wing that She -warrior band had suffered terribly/and the remnant. cut down to one-half, were press- ; Ing on in flight tor their vfllaga _ A few miles further Cody stuck to the. trail .and again and again were passed the bodies of fcraves and used-up "ponies. Then Cody branched oli towards the outtaw retreav, finding his way -by the mountain-tops, for the storm still continned. It was late when they came tn the ver, tlie scout having unerringly struck the point where he had crossed with his weird guide. The stream was hard frozen now, and the ice bore the party, and a crossing was made. "Now. I must be very careful, for this storm blinds me. I only passed this way and by night." said Cody; and he moved on slowly through the etiU driving storm. It was trat an hour to sunsot. and the scout expected to reach the entrance to the outlaw valley by daxk. then camp for supper, and when the men were warm and rested, make a night attack on the cabins. But he halted again and again and glanced about him. "The snow shut out all l^pm view, and he had r.o mountain ]>eaks to guide him. At last it became evident that the ever-unerring scout, Cody, was at fault. "Lieutenant Seaford. we must camp here, sir, for I am lost." "Lost, Cody?" "Yes, sir. This !s a miserable place for a camp, with no water and little wood, but night is falling, and to wander, aimlessly means death.- We imist malce .the best of it nntll" daylight" "It is all we can do, though I fear for our horses and men thus exposed." "It will be worse sir. If we go on, and darkness catches us where there is no wood." "You are right; and so here we camp, for it is growing dark now." The order was reluctantly given, and the men were compelled to make the best of It. Where thoy had expected to reach the -outlaw retreat that night and find shelter, if after a hard fight, they must make the best of what was before tliemfiut no one blamed the chief of scouts, for all had wondered how he had thus far led them through that blinding storm. " Thar itneiv.that łhej-"ąnd their horses would suffer terribly' through the night —that some would die, perhaps; but there was grumbling, and the men set to work to make the best of it. when suddenly a cry from Cody startled one and all, and every eye was upon him. CHAPTER XXVIII.—A WEIRD GUIDE. In the gathering gloom of coming night, in the driving mist of snow, the scouts and soldiers saw Cody seated upon Ids horse — for be had made another effort to find a better camping ground— his hand outstretched as he pointed towards some object upon which his eyes rested. At first they saw nothing, but the keen gaze of Lieutenant Seaford pierced the sweeping curtain of falling snow, and beheld a horse and rider. It was a vrhite horse, and the rider was enveloped in a mantle as spotless as the snow about him. It looked like a shroud, and floated about the form of the horseman almost like a cloud it seemed. 'See! it Is a horseman, and steed and rider look like ghosts," cried Lieutenant Seaford. Every eye saw it now, and they beheld an arm of the weird horseman rise and beckon them towards him. then point in a certain direction. 'Come, Lieutenant Seaford, we must follow him, for that is my Ghost Guide," cried Cody. "Yes, Seaford, Spectre Horseman or "whatever it be, we must follow," said Surgeon Powell.. . '. The young officer saw Codj* ride towards the phantom-like form, and instantly it moved away from him, but still beckoned for him to follow. "Come, mount men—forward, march!" Lieutenant Seaford commanded; and the men, who had dismounted, leaped to their saddles as quickly as their benumbed limbs would allow. "He leaves a trail, Cody, I am glad to see," cried the lieutenant, springing forward to the side of the scout. "Yes, sir; but horse and rider are about as weird a pair as I ever met. Still, he led me to safety once, and I will follow him." "Yes. I remember", but why not ride up and join him?" "You notice, sir, that he does not wish it, for the moment I hasten my pace he does the same." "True, 50 humor him by all means, only do not let him get out of sight." 'Til try not to, sir." "You do not fear a trap?" "Not after what be once did for me, •fiir." . ... "VThiti do you make out of such a. guide?" :'I do not know, sir. 1 But whoever or whatever he is, he dwells in these mountains. and knows them, though just how he came in time to save us I do not know." "Well, ghost or mortal man, we are indebted to him for our lives, I almost begin to feel. It is growing very dark —do you see him?" "Yes, sir, he has dropped back nearer; to us. as though not to have us lose" him." After riding on a short distance further, Cody began to look about him, In spite of the darkness. . At last he said : "Lieutenant Seaford, I know where we are." "Ah'." "We are in the canyon leading to the little valley. I recognise the high cliffs now. and I find I got off the trail a couple of miles back. See there, sir;" and Cody pointed to high cliffs upon one side, and ahead loomed another wall of rock. "The weird guide Las halted, Cody." -Yes,' he is at the entrance of the pass. See, he points up the "valley, and — he HASREBUNE.";' ^ . . • -*Tt<5ń«are rtóht-^ V / . -vC. ... '.t " The weird guide had suddenly turned "What-.aoes it nieaJvCojfa:?". >V :\" * "It means, sir,-that lie kn^wwe were, lost, and he has guided us tó the pass entering the valley in which the Midnighters have their retreat." "And it is near?" "The barrier across from cliff to dill is not a quarter of a mile ahead, and then -we enter the valley, and, crossing it, are upon the cabins." •**WiU. ire will not delay in attacking than, for the men are half-frozen and the horses used tip." Tee; and through the snow we can -ride Tight up to the cabins and demand the surrender of the outlaws, for we can surround each hut, and the sooner TO fight it out and get warmth and shelter the hetter." „- '", ' "You-iare light; so lead the way, arid I will have the men" come up in close! order and loot to their "weapons;" ^. and -the lieutenant waited for his men to come up while Cody rode on ahead. When they came" up ag3in with him, iie jwas valley, round the lake, and to the leg cabins of the outlaws. No horses were seen, but they had doutbless been put under shelter, he thought. He had studied the retreat and its surroundings well while a prisoner, and was not at fault now, for -the cabins lay beibKThim. . There, were six of them, and the men vere stashed in squads to surround each one. Men and horses -were pitifully cold; but the prospect of battle, and warmth and food to follow,. was a great reviver for the scouts and soldiers. . . . Kot a sound was heard save the roaring -of the merciless storm, and not a light was visible in the cabins, the scout saw; but then, the shutters would naturally be closed. It was not late, and yet the outlaws seemed to have all retired. Ifot a spark or a sign of smoke was seen rising up from any of the chimneys. At last the men had got their positions, dismounted, and with their arms ready, stood awaiting the ordeal. Knocking loudly upon the door of what he knew to be the cabin of Captain Lawless, Cody awaited a reply, while Surgeon Powell, Lieutenant Seaford, and Lieutenant 'Emory at the same time knocked at the doors of the other log huts. But no answer came to any of the knocks. Again- they were repeated, but it was the same silent response that greeted them. "Open in the came ot the United States army.", commanded Lieutenant •Seaford, and his words were repeated atthe doors of the other cabins. Still no response. "Come, men, break in the doors!" commanded Seaford; and large logs of wood lying outside of each cabin and six feet in length were raised and hurled against the doors. Whatever the fastenings they soon gave way. and the doors stood open. Then the pine knots were brought into requisition, lighted, and one was thrown Into each cabin. The light revealed that each cai>in was deserted, and 1 ", running in, the pine torch was thrown from the clay floor into the large fireplaces. The ashes in each were cold, showing that there had been no Sre there for some days at least. The large logs outside were then brought ill, and quickly .firfcs were blaz- ing and- sending forth, a cheerful light ondgfenial warm til. The Midnighters i«i<l nofc3»een tosind, hut the. half frozen men were In a place of refuge from the fearful storm and cold- Quickly their horses were unsaddled, blanketed, and led Into three of the cabins, and the oats brought on a pack animal given to them in a rather generous quantity, while the Ice on the lake was broken, and the horses* comfort cared for by their humane riders. The tired, hungry, and cold brutes greatly enjoyed their shelter- and food, and the soldiers and scouts gathered in the other cabins and cooked supper, while the officers, Sprgeon Powell, and Cody took possession of the chiefs quarters, and watched Spurs' preparations for a hearty supper. No one seemed to feel there was any need of a watch being set, for the out laws would never attack such a force. So they warmed themselves before the blazing logs, ate a hearty supper, and, spreading their blankets, turned in for their much-needed rest. Cody was the first one to awake in the morning, and he threw some logs on the fire; and, opening the door of the cabin, stepped out to see what the weather was to be. The wind still howled dismally, and the skies were overcast with leaden clouds, hut the snow had ceased to falL "At last the storm has spent itself. It •will, clear off to-day," muttered . the ecout, with evident satisfaction, and he turned to awaken the others in the caJbin •when his eyes fell upon a slip of paper before the door. It had been stuck there with a large pin. Instantly the scout took it down, expecting that the outlaws had left • it there, "and unfolding it read as follows, •written in a legible hand: Colonel Cody,—Your foes have fled, and you must return to the post, and await another time to strike them. The Indians will make a sweep down upon the post and settlements In the thaw that will follow this storm, for all Is ready for their raid; so return with all haste and prepare for them. THE GHOST OF THE MOUNTAINS. CHAPTER XXX.—THE RETURN. When Lieutenants-Seaford and Emory and Surgeon Powell had read this strange warning found by Cody, the former-said'-— "Well, Cody, what do you think of it?" . "I have had reason to feel perfect confidence in" mv weird friend, lieu- tenant." ' "Then you think it just as he has Baid?" "Yes, sir/' "And you, Powell?" "You remember the fight with the Indians some time ago, after which Cody went on his trail?" "Yes." "That band was reconnoitring." "Well?" "We met a band the night before last. "We certainly did." "They, too, were reconnoitring as they would never have been away from their -vBlage at this season of the year." "Then you agree"with Cody that the Indians intend mischief?" "1 certainly do, Seaford, and the sooner the fort is ready for them and the settlements and mining-camps warned the better, for all are utterly unsuspecting any trouble now that cold -weather has set in." "You have something to say, Emory; and Lieutenant Seaford turned to his brother officer. "I would say, Seaford, that this weird guide served Cody once, 'and all of us last night, and he now-warns us of dancer, eo heed It; for it would devastate this country and cripple our post terribly to 1>e. Catiglit unawares hy ą laĘge for^ óf redddns just now. "We ŁaW-jnisaed HŁe' outlaws, fiut then -we hUveigiven an łndlań 'tjpnd --a severe drubbing, and rariSng is worth more than-tlife.hanging • »f a hundred Midnighters Just now; "While I notice a. P.S. here •which you doubtless have not seen;" and Lieutenant Emory read, under a. fold of paper : "Return for: another time to pounce down upon the outlaws, for you will fled them here later on." The paper, passed from one to -the other of the party, was read In silence, and after'a. few more , comments, lieutenant Seaford said : ••Emory, please give the order that we; mill start on the home trail In an hour's: time. i The men had hoped for a toy of rest "under shelter, tut there was ino grumbling •when tlie order was given, and as. there was every Indication that-the out- 1 laws, fearing the return of Cody,'had left the place for Rood, afl "were in^the saddle ready ifor the mai^ at the appointed time. , •'•"."'• The storm fcad not whoJly obliterated 'ijiri'iii li^iiik'iiiiTrT^^^'"^""^; ghost -leaves-"-a trail," said fresh, and evidently left fcy. the ' weird guide when he returned to put the warning upon Hie door. As they went along, Cody saw how easy It was for his to have gone astray In the storm at the point where he did ; for there were two tracks of lowland, branching oft together, and he had taken the one to the .left, as there was a large snowdrift in the other' one. * Officers and men sill saw this also and commented upon 'it- Biding at as brisk a pace as they could, the snow in places was so deep they could not hope to reach the little camp much before night; but the sun had come out bright, and there was every indication that a thaw would follow very, quickly In a day or two when the weather moderated, as the icy storm was weeks In advance -of the season, and in fact heavy snowstorms were seldom known in that part of the country. It was nearly sunset when the tired remnant rode into the camp. They were warmly greeted, for one of the scouts had gone off that day to reconnoitre. and had seen at a distance a Łirge band of Indians, evidently retreating to the mountains for, shelter frcaa the storm. Surgeon Powell at once looked after the wounded, and announced that they were able to travel, and it was decided to vo-urc early and make a start with the first peep of dawn. This they did. the little band leaving the camp that had served them so well at the first peep of day. Cody set 0. good. Steady pace, and as he rer.chcd the neon camp ordered half a dozen of his scouts to be ready to strike out, when they resumed their 'marali. upon separate trsils; for Lieutenant Seaford Had decided to send •warn.tngs to the mining-camps, the settlements, and along the line of the stage trolls, as they would thus be put upon ftieir guard a day sooner from that point- than they cctuld possibly be should he await to reach the post.' eil-YITEK XXXI.—THE "WARNING HEEDED. Colonel Ferris sat In his warm quarters with his adjutant. Captain Guy Roland, nnd his niece, Ktlsel -Willis, watching the terrilic storm that "was raging with- "1 was wrong to let them, venture, but who would have thought such a blizzard would have kept up so long Ihis early la the winter?" said the colo' nel. anxiously. 'I have such faith in Cody. sir. that I feel they will come through all right," Captain Nolan xem.-triced. Then he has with him Surgeon Powell, uncle, and he Is a host In himself; while both Seaford and Emory arc good officers, and the whole command are picked men," remarked Ethel Willis, a beautiful girl of eighteen, the belle of the post, who had won the heart ot every man, woman, and child In the garrison. *'I admit all that you say, Ethel, as to the scout, officers, and men ; but they have Nature to subdue in fighting this storm, and the contest is too unequal, for we have had three days of it now." See, uncle, the snow has ceased, the wind is losing its strength, and there is a break of sunshine in the clouds." cried Ethel. Tlie colonel and Captain Nolan sprang to the window where she stood, and saw that it tras as the young lady had said The storm is certainly over, and it has doubtless ended with them in the mountains sooner than here. Yes, and we shall have a clear sunset," the colo nel said. The sun did set in a clear sky, and the nest, day it was a beautiful one, and the snow began to melt. The colonel and Ethel had just risen from dinner — for she :was his housekeeper, having been left to his care when she was an orphan child, and had been the joy of his bache lor life ever slace-^-when Captain Noland came in hastily, and said : "Pardon me, colonel,'but Scojit Brad ford has just come on from the command which he" left twenty miles from here at noon, and has this note from Seaford for you." The colonel eagerly took the letter and read aloud: "We pushed on to Cody's Camp and found there a band of aJbout two hundred Indians, and.gave them battle—;will report fully upon return—and next night were guided to outlaw camp in storm by Cody's Ghost Guide, who left us a •warning that the Indians would attack the fort and settlements as soon as the thaw came. We have reason to fee! that the Information is correct, and in sending this information to you I also despatch scouts along the stage-line to the settlements and mining-camps give warning, as from here they can get the" news far quicker than from the post. "We expect to be in about nightfall, and I would urge, sir, that the Ghost Guide's warning be regarded with full confidence. Cody just-reports that our bands of Indians sheltering in the moun- tains from the storm." "Good for Seaford!" exclaimed the colonel, when he had finished reading the lieutenant's letter. "It is how three o'clock, and they will be here by six doubtless. They went to the'outlaws' retreat, then, and had a brush with the Ved-sklns. It is hard to believe that this Ghost Guide can be Tight about the In dlans; but I will heed the warning, and all must be prepared at once to resist attack, Noland, while couriers must bo sent to the camps, settlements, and along the stage-lines In case Seaford's men fall tc get through. Send Scout Brad ford here, and I wall talk with him, for we must learn more of the expedition. 1 The scout came In. looking haggard and hard worked. He was a fine-looking fellow, and In a few words told his story of the expedition, and added, in his frank way .: "Them red-skins is going to hit us, co lonel, nnd hit us hard; and without the warning we got of their coming, they would have swept us clean off the earth." The colonel and his adjutant waited to hear no - more, - but visited every part of -the post, put the officers and men on their mettle, -strengthened weakfrtaces, and left nothing -undone to give the, red-skins a sur- .ptisei ,*where they-expected to-fliave- all their own-way by strildngta .blow with large force xyheii they- were supposed to t>e harmless .and gone into winter quar- ters. • It was.just nightfall when the command marched in, and they were looked .upon as heroes every one of them, if only -for facing the fury of such a storm. Without delay tl»e two officers. Surgeon Powell and . Cody, went to headquarters and bad a long: talk with Colonel Ferris, t£e chiel ol scouts remarking: i . "I am glad, -colonel, - that the warning was heeded so promptly, for from what saw X am sure that the.foot-hills are shelteringlarge bands oflndians waiting for a swoop upon -the-past,-camps, and settlements, sir.'' • <To be continued.) • 