[?] -&??#' * A Fighting Tale of Fighting Days .1 % ^' By S. WALKEY. j (srEmL niniIT0 %S£^S SJ! 2SSB553 DY TI113 'nEFBRDB' I CI/ArrKR XI (Continued).— THE ISECAl'f*. 'I Ihtciicd, miuvollliiK, tlicn I struck |i '(Tow (lid thr plniinco comp to ding foc Miicf tlio itip.Kci .' 'Tr,ns -nviuiK up at the strrn when l.ramo rin .deck just as you tlirro appeared. Tmo. Haii&shlft; inld be. tc.'iir! p. plunyo. hul pill It aside1 an fancy.' 'Twas no fancy,' wild WiiT.a;. 'Wo had n trie-mi aboard the Pali1 Fortune, Orcnvllld— a run narntvl Tom Trobv, who limiif-ht \m foci libilc5 wci nv.T.it(d In Hint stniph-hi-le* In Iho Iioivs. 'Tv.-anlio v.-lio lowered the pln ' nr.ee when tlie nlcht waxed darkest. To ' hl-u ne one our lives. On tny soul. I can not iindrTHtnnil nhy HnnRshift made you a ?ncrc spectator 'nf tlio scene.' 'Kor -k' ?ernv-lcd Wilde. 'How the ruf fan rmote your fu-'i', IJlnrcn!' 'Yrl^t'sofofr ilKl'tl'y d'oiirh In the end. All l.'io :lfime. 1 should scoip it rouRhly on Ills r-iduMf 'fortune rhnnrcel to caat him once niorc'elHto my, puth.' 'Av, Mil' l.lpohoj) iniuht have run him through while he lay In the cabin.' n ?'Tiveulilxhsvc rid thu world of a very black scuuiidrol. ' ,' 'I never .yet killed a helpless mnn, were he l-'to 01 rosv.c,' 'replied Gideon. 'Tbcn yi-'vc been too scrupulous, ye soft hra.tcil fool. 'Nay— pardon me. It slipped mv mnd tl'Tj your tratlp is p.irr-oniin;. Enmcno,v or otbet^ 1 ran't nm'cp thai 'gi cut, ilashlni; tuvord tally with your sown.' 'A river is not over .the came color, nei ther dots it always run sweet.. anil calm. Tot no one v.-lll deny 'tis water.' 'Cursr /our parables. Anyhow, yofre the utaiinciicst comrade -that ever -hailed the -eas or tramped the earth.' 'Ho If,' chimed Flocto Diazes. 'How the tia\cr, liavr Mink! And -see the day Is nlgli!' The i-lonai around us. lightened, almost. Imperceptibly, into grey pallor; then with a wondrous Mvllincss the soft air cleared, rnoalu.g hkin. nf.'opal, -.Wills,! aniij in the cast, red vivid shafts shot upward, and heralded the'' coming elm. He roso and hlazHl with bold effulgent grandeur. The heavens 'shone gloriously, and the bright tea danced, , nilver'y aud bluo, 'neath the rliarmof his glancing splendor. We gazrd around and saw nothing but the boundless wastes or the ocean. The lupppr 1ml vanlahc.l. and wo- caicd not a rap, though we' hoped, ere long, to touch land. \VhethM* viEland or reef wns of no moment/' no loun.as wo could stretch our Ic-*h, find food, and' draw plans tor the fu ture x' (' Three days- \vo drifted, to end fro,- mitfcr -!-«' tilbp.l h.udolilpi, throup.h 'bent and Iliirst, for the sun flamed pitilessly, and our nlin\— lukewarm. 'and 'sour— utterly railed to give 6i.tr. parched throats roller. On Hie fourth night another storm, imni'ly -,o a-i\n|-e a', the last, but blackly tii use, iiwcpl the pinnu.ee on and. on, whi ther we knew not. ''Twill bo rare luck if v:c- weather .this .loHiado'' cr.ld Bliues. 'I maivel that t'othur night's cyclciio (.parcel our boat. Heavens! how abo twirled and leapt!' 'So she ,(1111,'. but we, stand moro danger now than theu.by KettliiK roully swamped,' Growled Wilde, hugging- the tiller and tlinltliiE.his eyes as th'o foajn (lew fast In hlh face. 'Wo'.ro in a jiretty pickle Sln\ mi1! 1 never ifnw such iHcnrecrows nis yt)ii and Llpchop. CireiiMllp's'the only one of iia Uiut ain't half linked.' 'Whal., liiatti'r?' quoth', Gideon. ''TIs pka'-antar to Ijoi.wbII iiult of. clothes when tlio wnler soiiHOs'on llkp this. Ball away, Uick! Faster! Kai.tei!' ' I ! I crouched In the waiot of th'c pinnace' with -Blazes und ''Lipchop, 'working hard Mill c^no band an'd gripping the gunwale nllh the other, lost the lurching of the boat ihould ahoot mo overboard. - Thmiiier was booming faintly, and a few wcakishafta of- llBhtnlns flashed acvoso- trio heavens - Shoe;:, 'or lain .it irregular Inter \&\j swept over us. One uigmVnl \ve were I'lgh on the rrocl of a coloisal, billow— the next down, in the l:owds of the sea. At last, v hen noll-nlch bereft of life and hops, Iho pinnace, rtiiilitug onnurd, struok asalnst a lii'Ideu icof. 'Vrc'smv naught, for the night was drowned In Bloom, but l;i nn itpt.ini were hprunllng. n thi! lieu', .bottom, the sea v ashing lound no. : A ? great wave runuiuBifree anil BiiniiK eiiught our frail craft nud_ burled her tvhlrllng'. la upon1) a atrip of sand. We felt uir Keel sottllug, down aoftly, and at i uind fiom .leny. Wild sprjug over lu-r lnni-, I'.ml bcuinibled in upon the beach us tlioUBht pursued by all the fiends' on the leak. ' ' 'Twas 'well voidld, for the next nave dashed Iho pmnnra^into splinteru Viraiust Wiothci il'dRe of sunken rock and will-nigh .'Buchc-ll.iin bucltward!. . VVililb was within an ;lucli of tho next world, but niu^c3 clutched lil.s ,'iir,t arid (.niiiiE him into sjjdty. A ii'omcnl later wo all lay gasping on firm 'mil, with no breath li.ft to opoak a p'raycr. CIIAPTCII.XU.— TUB- MYSTIC ISbE: . WcJirlnc!.s scaled our hinartlng eyes'! and wonlppt, but not for'jong. I nnolio, caugh ing. Somo ntranse,, vapor, 't'alcl: mid stlll liiS, was ilsing rrom Iho reef, :.ccmlni;iy to the (.loudh,' for though -'tu as day wo saw naUEht savo tho 'great grey ralst th.it fluouded us. A vaslstillness reigned, ''rt'n vleacd each other tilmly, till at ln^ Cap Wn Wlldo hro.'-rt the sllcnco by lapping out 'a ftucry bath. ' ' v ' ' 'What's happenpil?' l\o celd, and I saw' tli lmlf-hlddeu visage conjure up a scowl. 'Uaninu ! but I'm w;ot ami steamlm;, and your flrsh, Li;icbop, is nil on a s'molto.' Slooplijg, i turualj my faco eloso to tho Bround on which wo stood.- 'Twas of .1 I sandy uatuio, yet' full of bolus nn a. spor.go, I ti oni cvofy ono of. which a Jet of .ttcam was I Pom Ing and shooting upwaid to form the I noudrous bluu-i;ruy 'mist. ?' ? ? I 'Where is 'the beach?', asltod Floote I Dlojicn. ';i'm% woll-nlgh nftro with heat I ilreudy, and In no mind to stay longer .'.nild I !lil« choking stuff.' » ? v I 'I hear 'the vavcs^brcalclne 'oloan ,'by,' I mid Liprhop, and turned olf sharply., ' ' I We followed him and burst all at onao I '!«m u striji 'uf (slItterltiB white 'iittud.' The I motu was glorlotisly rndlnnt. Tho ski; w.m I slouOlcic, and tho storm had left no' tWos I »( its cavafjery, save that the beach avuh Fpmsely slrowli with a few fraimicnts o( our pinnace. , Swinging about wo gazed again at. tho creat^mlst. 'Twos n marvellous sight 'to see that weird,' vaporous cloud ascending towards, heaven— unchanging, unceasing, and silent a3 tho grave Tho,nariov. nand-niilp «nr, rrco of its fold:,. ' Wo ualkcd nlonn a mllp or more, then paino siuldcnjy to a standstill. The beach ended, but peering through a thin cloud of drifting mist' wo nan- another bolt of Hind, cut olT from i:n by a nanow arm of Ihe sea, wide rnoiiah for a great bhlp sraaitly bundled to skim through. 'IjoCs ictraco our steps, ' said Wildo, 'and go on the opposite tacit. 'TIs my be lief we'ro upon a lagoon Island, though what makes this uraolto, I, can't Imagine.' After three hours weary tramping we found ourselves upon the 'little beach which our eves h.id glowered .it so' sourly from the other side. 'We're on an island safo onough,'- said Illazcs, .'and tho i-oa'run3 into Its heart.' 'I ..want 'to. find that- heart,' yapped Wilde; 'can't, we penetrate the mist and discover something better? -Sno how' It 'Lings !icroi3 tho entiauce to tho lagoon. A sea-captain might circle .round and round this place, but I'll warrant he'd, keep hia ship away a point, rather than make Its closer- .-acquaintance. Stay! Why, lads,'. T mind hearing h bravo old salt— -'twas Flex anburgh of tho Muplior' frigate— toll how years agono ho sow, whilst cruising ln'thcHo waters, a great cloiid rising from ocean to sky. Half his p.rew ran down below from fright, though a thousand Frenchmen could novcr have scared them. There's not a doubt this Is the place of which he spoke.' 'Tis. truly a mystic Isle,' caid Llpchop. Wlldo went white to the lips with a sud dc-n oxoi'tenient. 'On my soul' you startle mo,' he cried, 'with talking about myB|lc isles! What saith the doggerel, eh, Olck? Ain't the ianie thing there? And haven't wo conu- across tho neas in search of it? Why, In Heaven's name, shouldn't this strange, wi'lrd spot of desolation havo linen thu haunt of Buccaneer Copplcstono? Tell iue that, ye dogs!' My heart stood still; then beat like a drum. Blazes, a careless omlle on bis faou, picked up a pebble and flung if seaward, with the laugh of a bny- whcn.it skimmed Iho waves. Lipcliop looked aL him,' his eyes blinking, his lip thrust forward to its ful led ugliness. 'An&itor;, }e fools, nnbwti!' lio.vlcd Cap tain Wilde, tbe blown fluih creeping back to his cheeks; 'Ain't this forsaken, amaz ing hit :of Kiuoking. rubble. like cncugh.to be Oopnlcstonfi's raystie Isle''' - 'It. In,' said I with brisk sharpness; 'but I. marvel' how ho lived on such a spot.' 'T'.:II out that dead lmud,' said EUares-. 'We'll have another glint at the thing.'' I searched In my breiust, then glarod around me, panting. The Wory box was gone! _ Wlldo whistled low and long. The others said no word. Bad; we tolled once more lo tho beach, whereon our. pinnace struck. We hunted to and fro, and up and down, with greedy eyes and ' parched . tongue!!,.- yet to no purpose. Our luck had Down— both hand and doE gcrcl wore swallowed either by sand or sea. Flecte Ula'icii, as ever, 'took this Illfor tune with Iho cheeriest sang-froid. 'After nil!' quoth he! 'what . does. It matter' If 'tis Indeed oh! Guppleslouo's Island, «h- — wo'io phinlcd hero by the nicest fmik of stormy natitru. My .mind reti'ius ninncl/ a lino o: tho tioKgerul or the rubhlah pricked Intu the band; yet I'll warrant Clrcnvllle has It all by heart.' 'Ay, I have,' cried I. 'Well,, then, we're no worse off if ye'ro assured tills is the mystic Isle,' 'Arl-Vhuugry,. my mnatera?' asked Lip chop, putting his wali,t. FJlascs gaiied at him with a 'pltt-ous gri mace, and tightened the. leathern belt that bia.'Cd Ms brerchrt,. up. 'Giddy, I would (jive .ill tho world, save you, for a draught of.. wine and a pound of | bread.' * 'Hi.rk ye!' cried Wlldc. 'We've tramped round Ihlb plaeo Jiud bad; again. Wc'io satisiied. everyone, that 'tis a lngoun. Is land, for tho soa Slov.'a Into its heart. Well, their, let's Htrlltc light through , the 'mint anil Hi.il the lagoon itaclf. It must bo there!' 'Ay we've fooled away- time cuough an It l!i!' fald I. 'Why, 'tis, long past uooa. Load the way, f.'aptalu, and drlvu straight at tho grey gloom.' I ...Wildo Iuft tho sand-strip and plunged without, answer Into the donso vapor. The les-t ol us followed pretty closely. Thore was naught offensive, ab'oul the mist. In deed, we might have walked through thick Cairn hlcn.ni produced by boiling water, lint as we foivcd our way deeper and deeper Into the cloud, treading tho ramp soft, spbnge-llkc. sandstone, the- boat became moM eliding. Tor some minutes no strug gled onv.nid; then, veiy gradually, tho va por thinned and changed Itt, color to a bluer hue. , . .v Wilde, far ahead, broke all at onco Into n ringing shout. Wo dashed ouwnid with a yull,' mid burst with alurmlng suddenness upon a fair (.liver strand. ? Wo.'starcd, entranced and spellbound. Be liind'ua r'oi.e the mlfcl, Just as wo viewed It fiom tho outer beach. But Instead of the' great inlllug ocean, out1 raptured cyeo rest ed, on tho Hwstchl, lo\olici,t scene that over Heaven spread' btfore man's vision. ' .There boMir- us, circled by tho strip of irlltteriug sajid, lay a vast lagoon, baaklng bfiicrald in thu glow of tho sun. Away to the west wo taw a tiny opening: 'twas1 tho 'channel across which «-o had go/cd al noon. Tho mist woll-nlgh obscuied It, aud rpeo 'to thp. oloudn from the smoking icefs that kld'lhla ^vondious. Paradise fiom ail who sailed ,111)011 the seas. .' In the midst of tho lusoon nontletl nn oval isle, dresEUd in glorious' verdmo, and suoh as none of us'evor looked on snvu in dreams of marvellous fantasies. For a while, wo' neither spoke nor moved, 'though Iho.. bight that at last oiled our 'tongues wnii ctiange and yet not unfiuW Ilitr. A ship lay crosswise In tho lagoon, hoc hull al no groat distance from tho sandj oh which wo stood— a ship that How n great. blAiik flag centred by' a flamluR, llcry cross. In one moment I knew 'twas tho craft that had lain for so brief a season in Ooombo Covo, and passed us, ghost-llkc, on tho voyago westward. . As no stayed' there,. marvelling, the sun passed dowu behind tlio shrouding mists, and the led blaze thai 111' the sky told.ua that night 'dicw near. ,'Twaa wonderful, but though on : tho -pnlcr' beach tho groy cloud scorned,- to rcarh tho heavcn3, yd fiom within they might bo largely vlov/od. At last Wilde's oy£3 ceased their roving. Ho turned and smote Llpcli'op across the ohoulilur. . , , ' '' . -'D'yo think tho 'next', world will bo halC 'so fair .13 this?' ho' Bald, with a vlnk to Hlazcs. 'Toll ino', O, parson.tand I'll hnsto to go there!' .'?''. 'Ay,' paid Uldcon. 'But this 'spot Is surely Elysium. Vet.l should revel cheerier in its beautlcp It my s'tomach were less empty. 'I've moro than half a mind to awlm out to the ship.'.' . . ' Ho pointed to 'the vessel of tho Fiery Class. ' ' ' i i 'What?' snaslcd Wilde. 'Why, man, there may bo rogues aboard!' - ' 'I see none, though my fancy conjures up dark figures on the Island.' '.' 'How, far d'ye' reckon the distance from thin strand lo her hull?' 'A. fourth of: a mile.' ?- ? 'Any' shark's;' think. you?' ? i ? ? Gideon shuddered. i'At any rato. I'll risk It.' . , '. ' ,' 'So will I,' suld Blazes. 'I'm with you!' I struck In: i 'Then there's naught left rao but, lo' fol- low,' quolb Wlldo. 'Come, who'll take first plunge?' I 'I,' said Llpchop,' and rnn swiftly down the s.ind-strip. ' CHAPTER VIII.-- THE MARQUIS DK CHASTELNAYE. ? The water was warm and gloriously clear. Bright ll.sheb of gorgeous color skimmed and flashed past ur an wo swam, yet there was no shadoiv.'bf a sharks Blazes was first, to '.reach the ship. Ho ,lald hold ef a dangling ropo and went up -her 'aide band 'over hand. '.There's no .soul aboard. I'-Jgosped Wilde, 'else : he'd never had the ; inaoleuco to use such daring frccdiim.' 'My thouEh'f wan, to' squirm through the stern windows as we ,wrlggl(ed into the Fair Koituup,' said Llprhop, nhootlng up with a long, strong stroke. Next- breath'. ho' hnd Slipped the roito and jo'infd Blaren on tho deck. Wildo followed with' leisure, and I came lant, glad enough to trcail good planks. ''TIs a. wondrous, fine- ship.'' quoth. Llp- chop, gazing nhovo n'ndvnround him. My heart echoed his words. ? Tho . docks word polished . till they shone. I the^pRrf. qlitlered, and tho rows of hand some guns hanging slack at the closed ports gllsUncd aud gleamed most vividly. Bcaidlng p!V.rs and long sharp swoids wore racked In nltches,all along the bul warks, and the 'defence, netting was colled with scrupulous neatness. Yot wo'marvel- led at tbe silence] that reigned. Tho snip seemed deserted. AVo' went forward, wo tramped aft, but not,: a soul appeared. 'Lot's go below,' E.O;ld Llpchop, hitching up his coai.sp gown. 'Heaven grant thcrc'n food to wiu heno. :. If' this ernft were cram med with Iho'florrcst, maddest desporadcra thiil over flew black llai;, I'll fight them all for a bone and a Ilquor-llaa't.' llu elaltcicd ilovn the brea(lf clp.ir. VSa followed him and en line at bis tall into a 'spacious cabin, where we halted, .speech less with amazed rapture.' Tho illaee w.in llcbly glided. Great couches of gr'eon tuid crlcison velvet, rail aroun'il tho carved walls' surmounted by vast mirrors, sot in'isilvor frames.. In i long steel rack lay half .i hundred swoiila of dlvcu ratems, their hlltu jewelled and chhsed. Lipchnp's mJuUi watered aii be s^sed. , 'What gems!' hdcricd. 'Toledo, Lilian, DiunuG.-us— Mvn-j kind of weapon under id siiii. And yet— and yet— I like mine best!' die drew- forth his iigly old Excalibur and passed bin linger along the keen, gleaming blade. 'Look al the pistols,''' sal'd Blazes; 'I'vo it mind to help mysoltto a pair.' 'I shall!' quoth. Gideon, and. unshlllE a brace of the lineal, j 'Open that cjies,!,' Dli.lt,' ho rattled on. 'Ah, I thought so! l'ondei* in plenty! Now tho nc::t. Bullets!, Th2t'3liaic! l^voryoua arm himself!'' We did io, laushing boisterously. 'I feel twice tho ma.il Ulh tho blade alap plng against' my leg,' said BIezcs. 'Yet, 'hang me! let's iiimmngc for food!' 'Wheie does this door lead!'.' said Wildo, giving : the' panel a kick. 'Blood or O lory I' loared Llpahop. Wo unhed like four hungo liouucH Into tho great cabin adjoining. ? 'Twas decked even more, luxuriously than tho other, and in the centre stood a Jour, lo v toblo oo\er cd with the daintiest linen, nad ladon to yioanlng wclsht with cold viands j.ud wine. Coveru weiu laid for -eight. With a yell of glocfit.s raptuic Tarsoii Lipchop slid into a hiiRO hujt's chair at the table head. Wilde plumped down opposite, and Blazes 'joined mo on a lounging couch. Thoro was no hefiitatldn. I noticed Lipchop novcr briii thed a giace; for' all suddenly bis ante wa.i In a Uanuu, nud the rebl of us I followed suit. Then vf fed. The viands wore foreign, yet the rholjsqt I ever tatted. Thp wlao loosed Mpchop's tongue' Ho drnul: and laughed and i cared. Dm sides well-nigh split wlfh the mirth nf his jollity. Thoio hi- nit, enthroned In the vast eaivcd chair. -nli,h a canopy of silk abo\o hla hctt'l, .the stianncr.l. ujocl gio tror,uo ch.iraotcr that ever tiod earth or plank. Ills hay-coloied hair, half dried of tho .sea-souse, stuck up pjore flcroel/ thin hlth trto, Tho Clint, of hi? eyp hlami \\-llb rol licking fun, and, tho salt wat»r, trlckllus down hit. usl;- Phops, splaahed upon thp table, us, ha leaned bin lone, b'rown nrmn pa thn llnon and flituj Jesu at i)arh ot lib In turn. The .sail-cloth, though hltchuil ovor oco shoulder, loft hnlf his body harp.' Blai?s, whotd uole raiment eopslsted of brocchuii and hose, v/.is In ,i acaieoly loss ludicrous plight; and Wlldo, hU noco and chin s'.ill Nubian from tUo filthy black ntua which llaugshift's mon had daubod upon his visage, might havo been a vory dirty fiend from iho pit, Tho tsr stuck fast to hlu chest 'and shoulders, his ahlrl ?-.*o ..it., t4u*, uu. m j:j,;huu mil ucuicr gar mcuts that graced his lowor limbs hung In rags both aft and , foi ward. jThls wno a, pity, tor hli lu-:3 wore uwie o* the prottlost. All at onco Lipchop' 'rose from his seat and Stood swaying, n llagou in olthur hand. 'A heiilth!''ho roared, 'a health to the rnguo who spread thlst loast! Heaven fill him with a. joy' celestial!'' Hoaven'.clothb him with a Joy torrostriall Heaven hold him upw.ud by tho noso; that licit may never acoieh hla toon!' \- 'Thanks, my frlond, thiinks! A inro 'toast, on. my soul r. Sir, I- am muchln dobted in you-7-1 kiss 'your hund — nay, your feet. Kor binco the hourl 'came uinvil 11'iKly Into this ungintcful1 world no man hnlh said half so uwoot a wish for my pro uont and eternal wo|faro!' /. ? ? (To be Continued.)' - 