Botes 2s ©ommente. As to whether the multiplied ponveni ences which science has brought into the shop, the office, and the home, are real benefits or otherwise, opinion is divided. We think that nowadays the world could scarcely get on without them, and we are apt to look with feel ings akin to pity on the old times, when such things as railways, telegraphs, telephones, and all that ilk, did not exist, and men took time to eat their meals. But an eminent authority in England, Sir James Sawyer, tells us, 'that while people under thirty-five years of age had a much better chance of living nowadays than formerly, people pver that age had not , such good pros pects. The' youthful weakling is kept from dying now, but after three and a-half decades of life the influence of telephones, telegrams, trains, share lists, and daily newspapers begin to cut us down. We had a better chance in the old days, when our nerves lay still, when our brains were allowed to flag, and we lived peacefully in the country, developing our muscles and our diges tive capacity.' But, after all, men prefer to live amid the fever of enter prise and excitement, even if the atmos phere is over- stimulating, and nerve and brain suffer accordingly. Even Sir James acknowledges that, those who retire from the active pursuits of life' frequently become either ' topers or mopers.' ? o — — - Une of the events of the present month, which will be of considerable interest to a large section of the com munity, is the total eclipse of the sun, which will be witnessed by observers of various. nationalities on tbe 22nd inst. A total eclipse of the sun is at all times a striking and awe-inspiring phenome non, but there are times when it is wit nessed under peculiarly favourable con ditions. The eclipse of August, 1896, as seen in Norway and Japan, was particularly disappointing to the ob servers who visited the former country, inasmuch as they scarcely caught a glimpse of the moon's shadow projected upon the face of the great orb of day. Better results are hoped for in relation to the eclipse of the present month. It will be best seen in India and on the coast near Bombay. The period of totality will last over two minutes. Supposing weather conditions to be favourable, this will give time to take photographs of the- solar prominences, and of the ever-beautiful corona, as well as to make various spectroscopic observations. ? o ? It is astonishing, the number and variety ot instruments which are brought into use when a properly equipped ex pedition commences to make prepara tions for a solar eclipse. Telescopes, spectroscopes, and cameras are brought into requisition. This year for the first time the cinematographic process will be applied in relation to the solar corona. If successful it will record one of the most beautiful features of an eclipse. An observer of the last eclipse, as seen from an American liner on the west coast of Norway, speatyng of the beauty of the prominences and corona during the period of totality, says ' that im pressive scene occupying one minute and thirty-five seconds is one that can never be forgotten.' The approaching eclipse will . be witnessed by many English observers in India, Sir J. Norman Lockyer and party being stationed near the Bom bay Coast. But one of the most amusing things is, that ' the coming eclipse is occasioning great alarm in China, and an Imperial decree states that it is regarded as a warning from heaven that the reigning Prince has been ' wanting in wisdom and morality.' The Emperor is said to be filled with great fear. ? o ? Very recently Dr. Horton preached in Mansfield Chapel, Oxford, a remarkable sermon. on ' Sin.' We cannot forbear quoting some parts of it, as the ideas, are very lucidly put. Distinguishing sin from crime and vice, he says: ' Crime is wrought against the laws of civil society. It is always possible that a crime may not be a sin at all. The only sinless person the world has ever known was executed as a criminal by the most religious persons of the most religious nation the world has ever known. Christ's immediate- followers were executed under the best of the Roman Emperors. John Bunyan was a criminal according to the law of England of his days.' Again, in regard to vice he says : ' What in one country is vice, in another may be virtue. Socrates taught the youth of Athens to think for themselves, but he was put to death for corrupting the youth. But nothing is a greater de lusion than that because we are not immoral therefore we are not sin ful.' He says with much force : ' The worst sinner in the world is the able, refined, cultivated man who lives without God in the world, whose life is a perpetual blaspkemy against the Holy Ghost. There is no hope for him. The publican and harlot have been seen to enter the kingdom of heaven among the first. It is his boast that he lived without God in the world, and his pride will see to it that he dies without God. His position is the same as that of Lucifer, _ Son of the Morning, who fell froin heaven because he was to himself a god. : Such a man is the supreme sinner against God.' That is the sort of teaching in regard to sin that is greatly needed in the present day. 