ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST. Soon after tbe new owner's arrival, the gruesome discovery was made that on the upper floor, containing the servants' apartments and the children's nurseries, there was a chamber which had long been known as haunted, and in which no one could ever be induced to sleep. By daylight it was a pleasant, sunny room; but to be in it at night, so every occupant declared, was enough to chill the very marrow in one's bones. No sooner was the house all quiet, doors and windows shut, and midnight near chiming from the church tower, than strange sounds, heard nowhere else, began to fill the haunted room. Weird music broke the silence, now sweet and soft and lovely as_ a dream, then swelling into wild then dying away in ,ong drawn moans of infinite distress. Nothing was ever seen jut there was no delusion as to the sounds. It was no use putting a new servant, ignorant of the facts, to sleep there. Midnight was sure to mane the secret known. Those moans as of a soul in pain, so it was steadily affirmed, proceeded from no human visitant. The room was haunted, and it was not to be expected that anyone would sleep in company with a ghost. My friend, the mistress of the house, was a woman of great nerve and common sense. She needed the room for household use, and she resolved to lay the ghost. Accordingly she had it made ready for occupation, and, after a careful examination of everything in the apartment, prepared to spend the night in it herself. The tales were quite true. Towards midnight, when all was still, the ghostly music began to quiver through the silence, sweet and wild and exquisitely sad. My friend listened, not quite guiltless, perhaps, of tremors. Then she rose, and examined the room carefully afresh. Presently it struck her that the sounds proceeded from one corner of the floor. She lifted the rug, put her ear down and found it to be the case. She had located the ghost, if it was not laid. Next morning a carpenter was sent for, the boards were taken up and immediately beneath there was revealed a perfect plexus of bell wires, which had been conducted by this route to the different parts of the house. When doors and windows were all cloied and everything still at night, the wind, finding its way by what channel it could, turned this labyrinth of wires into an Aeolian harp, whence issued the mysterious sounds by which successive households had been scared. The wires were adjusted, the chinks and crannies closed up, the ghost was laid and the haunted room has been comfortably occupied ever since. 