OUR LADY HELP OP CHRIS TIANS, FESTIVAL AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. ELOQUENT SERMON BY THE VERY REV. T. O'FARRELL. On Sunday last, at St. Mary's Cathedral, there was a double festival — the Feast of Pentecost and the Feast of Our Lady Help of Christians. This latter festival derives special significance from the fact that Australia was by the present illustrious Sove reign Pontiff placed under the protection and patronage of Our Blessed Lady. As Our Lady Help of Christians, the Mother of the Redeemer and redeemed is the Patron Saint of these colonies, Ever since his arrival in Sydney, the Cardinal Archbishop has made the celebration of this feast one of his chief concerns. On Sunday last no ele ment of splendour and dignity was wanting. The sanctuary was artistically decorated, the Church's ceremonial was grandly carried out, the choir music was excellent, and the Very Kev. 1. U 1'arreu, Superior of the Redemptorists, preached a sermon which was worthy of the occasion. At 11 o'clock an imposing procession, which included all the Manly College ecclesiastical students, the Diocesan Consultors, the assisting clergy, and the Catholic. Knights, the red- robed acolytes, his Lordship Dr. Higgins and his Eminence the Cardinal entered. High Mass was then commenced, the Very Rev. A. Aubrey, Supprior of the Marists, being the cele brant, The Cardinal presided at his throne, and in the sanctuary, besides his Lordship Dr. Higgins and the Right Rev. Monsignor O'Brien, were the Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., the Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, the Very Rev. Dean Healy. the Very Rev. Dean Slattery, the Very Rev. P. Slattery, O.S.F. (recently appointed one of the Diocesan Consultors), the Very Rev. T. O'Farrell, C'.SS.R., the Very Rev. Dr.' O'Haran (Administrator of the Cathedral), the Very Rev.. Prior Coleman, O.S.A. (Queens land), Very Rev. Dr. Murphy (President of St. Patrick's College, Menly), the Professors of the Col lege, and the Rev. Fathers Phelan, Whyte, Cregan, and O'Gorman, of the Cathedral. Four Catholic Knights occupied chairs within the sanctuary rails— the Hon J. T. Toohey, K.C.S.G.; the Hon. T. Dalton, K.C.S.G. ; T. M. Slattery, K.C.S.G., and the Hon. Morgan S. Grace, M.D., Count of the Holy Roman Empire (New Zealand). The Very Rev, Father O'Farrell took as his text, 'Who is this that cometh forth as the morning ris ing, fair as the moon, bright as the sun, terrible as an army set in array?' (Canticles, 6th chapter, 9th veree.) On this day, according to custom, the faith ful had gathered, around their chief pastor to cele brate with due solemnity and devotion the feast of her who, under the title of Our Lady Help of Chris tians, had been designated by the Vicar of Christ the chief patron of the Church in Australia. It was fitting that they should celebrate with pomp and gladness so grand a festival. To assist them in drawing, so to speak, fruits of devtJtion and confi dence and love from the celebration he would ask to be allowed to place before them a few reflection's. In what more suitable manner could he do this than by repeating the words of the sacred Canticle, ' Who is she that cometh forth as the morning rising, fair as the moon, bright as the sun, terrible as an army set in array ?' Who is this Fair Lady cf dazzling loveliness, this Queen greater than any monarch that has ever ruled on earth ? He (the preacher) might answer by quoting the long catalogue of exquisitely beautiful titles applied in the liturgy of the Church to the Ever Blessed Virgin Mary, it would suffice, however, if he confined himself to one title, her highest and noblest — Mater Dei, the Mother of God ! What more glorious title could be given in homage and devotion ? Beneath that title lie hidden vast depths of mystery our poor, limited intelligence is not able to fathom. But this we know—the title imp les the closest possible relations that can exist between the Creator and one of His creatures. It had been foretold in Holy Writ that the s;ed of woman would orush the Serpent's head and destroy for ever the power of Satan, From this great dig nity Almighty God, in His goodness and love, pre pared the humble virgin of Nazareth ; she was se lected as a fitting habitation for the Lord of Glory, the King of Kings. By her Immaculate Conception Our Blessed Lady was made so dazzlingly beautiful and so perfect in every grace as to compel even ths Hadmiration of one of God's highest angels. For did not the Angel Gabriel salute her, 'Hail, full of grace ?' The Mother of God ! Our minds go back to those Bishops who, assembled at Ephesus, rose with the might of the Church against so many opposing forces and factions, and proclaimed Mary to be the true Mother of God. The impious Nes torious who had disputed the right of Our Blessed Lady to the title was branded as a heretic, execrated, and excommunicated. Now, as then, the Church jealously guards that title— Mother of God. Fairer than the moon, brighter than the sun, yet so gentle, so loving, so cleme.nt, so compassionate. She is the Mother of God, and she is our Mother also, the Mother of Christians. Our Saviour in His last mo ments on the Cross committed all the souls so dear to Him to her care and protection. Our Lord di rected his Apostles to look up to Mary as their Mother, and to have recourse to her in all their ne cessities. A holy Doctor of the Church tells us that as man's ruin was brought about by the intervention of the first woman, Eve, so it was fitting that the restoration of mankind should be accomplished though a woman Divinely chosen. God chose for His Divine purpose Mary Immaculate, the Mothor of the Redeemer, the Mother who had guarded His own footsteps in. childhood, and comforted Him in His sorrows. Mary is our mother, our own sweet, loving, and most tender mother. The power given to her by God as the Mother of the Re deemer and the redeemed is almost as great as that of God's own power. Our Lord has promised us that whatever she asks for us will be granted. To help us in all our trials and difficulties Mary, our Mother and our Queen, must have almost Divine power. And not only has Bhe this power, but Our Lord gave her the most tender, the most compassionate heart, after His Own sacred Heart, so that the treasures of Heaven's love and mercy would always be open to us. With what confidence should we not pray to Mary Immaculatp, and in voke her intercession, when we reflect that she is the mother of redeemed mankind, the mother of each one of us, the mother of the weakest and the most sinful amongst us. Thus there were two loving titles by which we may in voke her aid. But he (the preacher) would ask again, ' who is this that cometh as the morning ris ing, fairer than the moon, brighter than the sun?' She is the glorious patron of Australia, and under this title is she not in a special way worthy of the homage of our love and confidence ? It is as Mary Help of Christians that we honour her to-day. As the Auxilium ,0/iristianorum she is the guardian and protector of the Australian Church, and of this land. Fairer than the moon, more glorious than the sun, yet, as the Canticle tells, ' terrible as an. army set in array.' In this we have set before us her power in defending the laws of God and God's Church against thefoe. How many of the Church's enemies have gone down be fore that — the power of Mary the Mother of God and the Help of Christians ? From the first Mary has been the protection of the Church Militant, and not only of the Church Militant but of each one in the fold of Christ. She was the Auxilium Christian or um in the first days of the Church ; it might be said that she presided over the birth of the Church. She was there on the Feast of Pentecost, the Feast we are to-day celebrating, when the spirit of the Holy Ghost descended on the Apostles. She was still iheyiuxUium Chrislianorum when the first Chris tians were persecuted. She stood by the virgin martyrs, St. Agne.% and the others when the su preme sacrifice was needed for the Faith; she was their strength and their joy. She was with the Church in all the great struggles. Her name was on the banner of the crusaders when they went forth to rescue the Holy Places from the Moslem. She was with St. Dominick and the brave soldiers of the Faith who fought against the Albi gensees. And at the period of the Reformation it was under her standard that all the true children of Holy Church gathered. To come to our own times, was it not fitting that the Vicar of Christ should have p'aced Australia under her protection? We know too well that in this new portion of the Church's vineyard there has been a fierce conflict. At the foundation of these great colonies every method was availed of to crush the Catholic Faith. This opposition, kept up for so many years, threatened the destruction of the Church of God in Australia. But there was a higher power guarding the flock. God Himself and the Blessed Virgin watched over the faithful, patient, and heroic souls. Our Blessed Lady, the Help of Christians, was with them in their prisons and on the roads -while they toiled under the lash. She comforted them in their loneliness; she suocoured, strengthened, and sustained them till the dark clouds passed away Under her protection, and with the blessing o£ Heaven, the Church then sprung forth in beauty, in radiance, and in glory throughout Auctralia. To-day the Church in Australia is unrivalled in strength and dignity. Our Lady Help of Christians is also Our Lady of Perpetual Succour. Never, as St. Bernard says, never has any one had recourse to Mary in vain. Let this be our lesson to-day. May this lesson teach us to be proud of our glorious Patroness— the Mother of God, the Mother of Pity, and the Mother of Hope. In every necessity, in every affliction, in every trial, and in every tempta tion she will be our prot»ctor and friend if we turn to her. And in the last conflict with the powers of darkness, when we are in the shadows of the Valley of Death, she will aid us to fight the good fight to the end. Let us'ask the great Mother of God, the sweet Mother of Christians, to lift her virginal hand in blessing on us to-day from the Great White Throne ; let us ask her to bless the Church of Aus tralia in every portion ; let us pray to her to bless us all, each of us, and all of us. Let us chant the Magnificat ; let the sound of it ascend to Heaven. Let us pray to Our * Mother and Our Heavenly Queen to intercede for us ; let us invoke her holy name ; let us ask to-day a blessing of the Mother of God, the Mother of the Redeemed, the Help of Christians, the Patron of the Church in Australia, for each of us, or all. of us, and for this fair land of Australia. 