THE STOBY-TELLER. A DARING SCHEME. [By Wanderer.] "Ro , Vivian, said Mr. Sharpe, leaning for ward to knock the ashes out of his pii>e, and putting another Jog on the fire. "Vcs" l replied, "I knew linn very well four or five yearn ago; but of late we nave drifted apart somewhat. During the past year lie seemed to have altered a great deal. Perhaps it was the scheme which you so cleverly nipped in the bud that during its period of inception changed him so radi cally. He was certainly one of the last merl in the world whom 1 would have sus pected of harbouring such designs. "'Every one who knew bnn was t-nKen by surprise," answered Mr. Sharps. It is indeed a melancholy spectacle to see. a man like him, wealthy, and of hitherto unblemished integrity, brought so low by 1 pure greed—for he has acknowledged to me that love had nothing to do with his abducton of Miss <1 . No, ^ ply the lust lor more, more oi that dross, ! of which he had already a greater quan j tity than he could spend in any reasonable The subject of our conversation, lTer bcrl Vivian, was a gentleman whom I iSharpe had arrested some three weeks pre viously on a charge of abducting the great I heiress, Miss D . The arrest caused a great sensation among that section of so [ ciety which Mr. Vivian had adorned or «o many years. It was impossible. said h.s friends, that lie could be gmlty of such a crime; and really, even .1, great as was my opinion of Sharpe n aeuteness, thought that lor once he had made a siwious blun <lcr.. My friend, however, although de clining to go into the details of the matter while it was still sub .pidice, maintained that lie had made no mistake. ^ . "Wait until the trial is over, said he, Broiling mysteriously, "and yon will know all about it. You may be sure that J would not act hastily, m a case: like tins, for, if 1 am wrong, it means that there will be a vacancy lor a detective m this force. Vivian's friends are quite poweiiul enough to break me if lie is acrjuittod. 1 The result of the trial, which had taken idace only that- day, entirely vindicated K>c?b opinion of himself. Vivian was found guilty, on his own confession, and sentenced, to two years* imprisonment, while.Sharpe received a well-earned com pliment from flm Bench on }Jlrt, working up of the ease, lie had, dn .d with me, according to promise, a, K'r(v ; t'ourt. ad burned; and now, after satisfying the wants of the inner man, was ready'to unfold the true ''inwardness oi Ins latest '"'"This' care of Vivian's," proceeded he, "is a striking confirmation of what 1 have often told you—namely, that a first-class memorv, and an instinctive capacity for noting the veriest trifles and storing them away for future reference, are indispen sable items of a successful detective tnl outfit. Had I not possessed the latter, at least, Miss 0 would no doubt hare still been missing, and would have re mained so till Vivian had expelled her to accede to his terms, hut I will start at the beginning, and explain nivwlt. "One day, about a week before Miss O- 's disappearance, I was walking down M street, in which, as you know, Vivian's house is situated. .Just as I got opposite the door it opened, and a man came out who ran lightly uown ree steps almost into my arms. I rccogrured hirn at once as Bill Brown, a tailor by trade, who at one time bore the reputation of bein„ the smartest cracksman in the colonies For some veais, however, he hasi ostensibly given up his evil wnvs, and exchanged the jemmy and centre-bit for shears and needles. So closely did he stick to work that he soon built up a fair business, and on the few occasions on which 1 "roppe 1 into his shop for a chat, prolessed himself | so thankful that lie was once more a re-j speet-able law-abiding citizen that I really believed he had reformed for good. Bull, , I thought he was rather a strange visitor for a man of Vivian s stain]), so J stopped him and said.— . " 'flood day, Brown, you must be getting , quite an aristocrat when you pay calls tins > end. of the town.' " . ] He seemed a little put out at meeting j me, hut he quickly recovered himse.f. > i " 'Only a. business call, Mr. bharpe, he answered. 'I sent one of my cards to Mr. Vivian, and he was kind enough to order a suit of dothes from me. 1 ve just been taking his measure; rntding out a rnemorandum-book as he spoke, and show ing me Vivian's name above certain hiero glyphics which stood for measurements. '"This explanation _ altogether removed any suspicion that might have been form ing in my mind, and 1 went on about my business after congratulating Brown on having secured such a good customer. i had plenty to think about at the time, too so that I might have been forgiven for forgetting all about my meeting with Brown; but that faculty of observation of which I. spoke was at work, automatically pigeon-holing that little incident in my brain to lie there unheeded and unthought of until the time came for bringing it to '^"You^remembor the tremendous fiiRS there was when it became known that Miss G— had vanished from her home? Jhe family tried to keep it dark for a time, hut it was not very long before the ubiquitous reporter got hold of it, after which good by U) secrecy. All the papers devoted columns to the affair, each delivering a mure leather-headed opinion than its neighbour, until Miss G——'a people were driven to the verge of distraction. As soon as the young lady was missed, her father drove to our ofiice, and demanded to see me. I was lucidly on the premises at the time.-and in a few minutes was closeted with the old gentleman ^in my own room. I saw that he was greatly agitated, so I placed a chair for him, ana waited till he recovered himself before speaking. When he had grown somewhat calmer, 1 asked him what 1 could do for him. " 'My daughter is gone, Mr. Sharpe,' he blurted out; 'gone without a sign, and I want'you to lind her for mo. Oh, tliat tills misery should have come upon me in my old age. My darling lias met with foul plav 1 am sure. Oh, if J should lind ' do" " her dead. She was the sunshine of my life, the prop of my doclining ycnis. Find her for ine; tliey tell me you never fa.il; only find her, and then ask what you will, even if it be half my fortune, and I will gladly give it you.' "It went to my heart, I can tell you, although we detectives arc popularly sup posed to be devoid of all kindly feeling, to see the tea in standing in the old man's eves, and 1 did my best to soothe him and cheer him up, but it was some time before he could make any coherent statement. At length, after much patient questioning, I elicited the following information. "It appeared that Miss G—- had retired to bed a little after 11 o'clock on the pre vious evening. f>he was then in her usual good spirits—in fact, she had been the life of the small party in the drawing-room all the evening, and her merry laugh in answer to some joke of her father's was the last sound that was heard from her as she as cended the stairs towards her room. No unusual noise or disturbance was heard during the night, yet, when MissG—-'smaid went to call her about 8 next morning the window of her room was found wide open, nnd the.lady herself had disappeared. None of the servants had the slightest idea ns to whither she had gone, but, as all the other doors and windows were se curely fastened iiiHide, it was evident that she must have got or been taken out through her own window, which looked out upon the garden, and was over 20 ft. from the ground. There was no earthly reason for her leaving in such a clandestine manner. She was perfectly free to come and go where and when she pleased, no re striction whatever being placed upon her actions. She had no trouble, either of mind or body, that was known to her relations. Her surroundings were most comfortable— j nay, luxurious. She was possessed of some- I thing like .1'200,000 in her own right, the control of which had been handed over to her six months before, when sbo came of j age. b'he was not extravagant, and did not spend a lentil of licr income. She was a ! general favourite, and bad not an enemy in the world. Tn short, she was about the hist, person in the city whom one could imagine ' jumping or climbing out of a second-story window in the middle of the night, when all she had to do if she wished to leave the house, was to walk downstairs and oncn the front door. 1 enquired delicately if it were possible that Miss G might have eloped' with some admirer, but the old man scouted the idea. " 'lily daughter was perfectly heart whole,' lie said. 'Had there been a lover in the ease she would have told me all about him. She did so in the case of a gentleman who was paying his addresses to her some time ago, nnd J am certain she would have been equally frank with me had another come on the scene. My rule in my own family has always been one of love, Mr. .Sharpe, av.d both my children have ever looked on me not as a stern master, but rather as a dear friend, to whom they could carry all their troubles with the certainty of finding a sympathetic listener.' "Here Mr. G ncariy broke clown again, and being certain bb.nt be eon!d five me no more points, J suggestc-d that sbonld accompany him to his house and have a look at me room from which the bird bad flown. lie assured me that I was at liberty to search the whole build ing if I chose, and presently I found jny seif bowling along in his comfortable brougham, behind a pair of hays that made me break the tenth commandment every time 1 looked at them. On arriv ing at Mr. G'h mansion, we were met at the door by his son, whose troubled face reflected the grief depicted on bis father's countenance. Having introduced me in a few words, both gentlemen led the way upstairs, and Mr. G., taking a key from his pocket#. unlocked the door of a room on the fiist floor, saying:— " 'This was my daughter's bedroom, Mr. Sbarpe. J thought it best to leave it ex actly as it was, so that you might form your own conclusions from its appearance. Therefore I locked the door to prevent any one from meddling with or disturb ing anything.' "Complimenting Mr. G • on his thoughtfulness, I stepped into the room. •Scarcely had my foot crossed the thres hold, when my nostrils were assailed by a faint, almost imperceptible odour, which seemed somehow strangely familiar; but for the life of me I could not for the moment think what it was. I am not much of a lady's man, as you know, therefore you must not expect me to give you a description of that room and its contents. It is enough to say that noth ing was wanting there which luxury could demand or money buy; indeed, there were many articles of whose names and uses J was and am profoundly ignorant#. There was the comfortable armchair drawn up before the fireplace, in which Miss <3 had evidently sat before re tiring to bed while close beside it lay the tiny dress shoes and silk stockings, just as she had taken them off on the previous evening. Across the back of another chair hung the dress which she had worn, a. confection of some soft, shimmering, white material, the very name and compo sition of which is to the mere male per son as a cunieform inscription. Beyond this the room was in perfect order, show ing no signs whatever of a struggle, even the bedclothes being turned hack natu rally as they would be by a person who got out of bed of bis—or Her—own accord. So far there was nothing that even suggested foul play, and yet the idea that violence had been used, had taken possession of me from the moment I Ret foot in that room. Instinct, I suppose; anyhow, it was not long before my sus picion grew into certainty. Crossing over to the window, which was still open, I carefully examined the sashes and catch, and it did not# surprise me when I found on both, the marks of some sharp instru ment, faint indeed, but still as plain as print to a practised eye. I kept my dis covery to myself,and proceeded to make a thorough search on the floor and among the bedclothes for something which might make skill plainer to my mind's eye the performance which had been enacted within those four walls. Down in the corner behind the bed, where it had fallen and lain unnoticed and forgotten by the villains in the hurry of their de parture, J found what J tvan ted. It was only a white cambric, handkerchief, such as you caii buy by the thousand in any. big draper's shop, but it> formed the prin cipal ii-iik in the chain which dragged JMr«" Herbert Vivian to the felon's dock. As-I picked it up, the odour which I had swelled on entering ...c room, grew mora pronounced, and on putting the handkerchief'to my nose, I found that the eeent came from it, it was a faint, sickly smell; and for a moment 1 was puzzled to lit a name to it. Then like a flash it came to nie, and 1 could have kicked myself for my stupidity. Of course, it was chloro form; and equally, of course, the whole matter was to nie as clear as daylight. Sonic person or persons, unknown, had forced back the catch of Miss G——win dow, entered the room, and chloroformed her as she lay asleep; after which it was the simplest thing in the world to lower her inanimate form to the garden below. .Looking through the open window, I tfonld distinctly see tlie holes made in the gravelled walk beneath by the ladder which'had been reared against the house, and, Btulliug' the handkerchief into my pocket, 1 hurried into the garden to make further investigations. Under the window I found the traces of footprints too faint, unfortunately, for purposes of identifica tion, hut yet useful as being a starting point from which to trace Ibe course taken in their flight by tne ruffians who had made them. From the house the tracks led straight down a long walk to a bigh wall at the end of the garden; and here I got my second valuable, clue, be tween the walk and the wall lay a flower bed about ten feet wide, into the soft clay of which the villains' feet had sunk deeply leaving sharp, clean-cut impressions which could be measured to the sixteenth of an an inch. There were two sets of foot Erinfs, thus showing that two men bad eqn engaged in the nefarious plot; and, going down on my knees, 1 measured the ones which were most distinct, after which 1 procured some glass shades from Mr. (J 's gardener end covered them up carefully until such time as 1 could take easts of them in plaster of paris. Here, also, were marks showing that the ladder had been placed against the wall, and on mounting the ,latter with the aid of a friendly near-tree, 1 could see whore it had been planted in the lane outside the wall to facilitate tlie descent of the thieves 'with their unconscious burden. Hurrying back to the house, I questioned miss CI 's maid, and learned that liorte of the young lady's wealing apparel was mis sing except a long, heavy, black cloak. This was further confirmation of my theory —if any were needed. Flow, the question was, who in tlie wide world could benefit in any way by such an net? 1 was certain that no ordinary thief had been at work here, for there lay untouched on the dres sing table a little heap of sovereigns, which would have proved an. jitc sistiljlc temptation to any burglar of my acquaintance, and 1 have known a few. Mr. G -—■ informed nie that his daughter had made a will, devising all her money in equal parts to her father and brother, her mother having died when she was a child; but the idea that either of them had anything to do with her disap pearance was not to be entertained for u moment. Just as 1 was about to leave the house, it. occurred to rue to enquire tlie name of the gentleman to whom Mr. G—— had referred as being an old suitor for his daughterV; hand. Mr. G wasaslonisbed by my question. "'So possible suspicion can attach itself to him, Mr. iShaipe,' said he. 'It was Her bert Vivian, the well-known capitalist, who wished to marry INetiie. JJe iias been an intimate friend of ours for years, and i would almost as soon suspect, my own son as him. Lven the fact that Nellie refused to become his wife has made no difference in his friendship; in fact, fie made one of our party last night, only taking his leave a few minutes be.'ore eleven.' 'J cannot agree with von, lather, that Vivian is altogether unchanged/ interposed young Mr. G . 1 have noticed a diffc ren<e in his manner during the, past few months—slight, certainly, hut stall percep tible. I put it flown to ins disappojnt ment, however; nor f:an ] believe that he \H in any way implicated in this trriiWoallair. 1 have always found him the soul of honour.' 'J he mention of Vivian's name set me j thinking. There was something in fay mind about him, but what, it was f couhl ; not for the moment remember.^. Then I memory came to my assistance, and I trotted out the little incident of my jneet j ing with Brown at: Vivian's door, which j observation f. bad labelled and put away so , carefully. It may seem piejiost-eious that j 1 should have pimped to a conclusion so soon, and with so little to work on, but. J assure you that no sooner did the recollec tion of the ex-burglar's visit, to Vivian I come back to me than I felt certain the ! latter was the moving spirit in Miss (! 's abduction. I kept my thoughts to myself, however; it would have been useless to voice them in that company, and after as suring Mr. G that J would make every possible effort to find out his daughter 1 left the house to follow up the clue J had found. Mr. G insisted on sending me hack in his carriage, ami as J rolled along 1 remembered the handkerchief I had found in Miss G 's room, and pulled it out to examine it. more closely. The chloroform had all evaporated bv this time, hut in one corner I found something which could not fade so easily. So convinced was ] of Vivian's guilt that it scarcely surprised mn when I saw in good indelible marking ink the legend "V. No. 7," surmounted by a. crest. No sooner had I seen it than /'re solved to make a bold experiment. Pull ing the check-strings, ] told the coachman to drive me to the street in which brown's shop was situated. I Jeff the va triage some distance from the shop, and pro ceeded on foot. Urown was behind the counter when I entered, busily engaged in cutting out a coat, and as soon as he saw me be gave a start and turned as pale as death. Mow was the time to strike. " ''I his is a nice mess you've got yourself into, Bill,' 1 said, sternly. 'You had better confess your share in it, and tell me where you and your principal have bidden Miss G ; or, as sine, as my name's Kharpe, I'll give you tit teen years.' "Hut the scour.droJ was not to be caught so easily. Pulling himself together with a violent effort, he said, in a voice whieh trembled, in spite of him— "'What rness, Mr. Sharpe? You must be making some horrible mistake. I know nothing of any Miss G .' "'You will have it, then,' T replied. 'Come out here and hold up your foot.' "The trembling wretch obeyed with a. very bad grace; but when he came out on the floor of the shop J saw that he was wearing slippers. '"Where are the hoofs you wore last, night?* said 1. 'But hold on; I'll get them myself. Don't yon move or I'll stop you effectually;' and going to the door which communicated with the living rooms, 1 knocked loudly. The door was opened by Brown's wife, a good, gentle creature, who bad never been a party to her husband's crooked transactions, f bade her good morning, and told her to bring wo Brown's boots. Fhe looked astonished ami scared, but went and brought lhem at oru-c, saying as sire handed them to me Hope Bill hasn't been doing any thing wrong, Mr. Shaijie. Oh, what will 1 ancl the children-do ifheis taken from, me again?' And the poor woman burst' into tears, ana. covered her face with, her ' apron. "'Don't be a fool, Mary,' said Brown, who had come orer to the door; I won't get into trouble, never fear. Go inside, and leave Mr. Sharpe and ine to come to some arrangement.' "When Airs. Brown had retired and tlie door was closed again, Bill turned to me and said:— i " *Youl,'•ce<hi'l bother measuring those boolw 111 give in on one condition. J here s no use fighting against you, for you seem to be trie very devil himself. 111 swear .no one saw me fast night, and yet here you are before jj o'clock in the morning, apparently knowing all about what J did and where I went. It's un canny, that's what it is.' 4 I received Brown's complaint with be modesty, and said nothing about the handkerchief. There is nothing in making other people as wise as yourself. "What is your condition?' I asked. "imply that you let me go scot free,' he replied. "Without my assistance you may possibly get a conviction against my employer, but you can never find the young lady. I'll make her safety the price of my own, and until you come to my terms 1 am as dumb as an oyster. You may give me twenty years if you choose,, hut the day that 1 am sentenced sees the last, of Miss G . She is planted where you never could find her, and the people who are looking after her won't hesitate to fulfil my instructions.' "What, was I to do? I knew i/lie de termined character of the man with whom I had to deal, and I could see noth ing for it but to complv with his de mands. "'It won't do to find her all at once,' said he, when 1 had given him my pro mise that no action would be taken against him. 'She must stay where she is for a few days, so as to allow it to appear that you have had some trouble in working up the case. You can rest assured that shejs safe and comfortable, and will be produced none the worse for her little trip when the right lime comes. Meanwhile you can malce a certainty of getting the other man to rights.' "Brown then gave me the history of the whole plot. It appeared that Vivian had assisted him to set up in business through a spirit of pure philanthropy, and then, when Miss G-—- had refused to marry nun, and the idea of obtaining by foul means the fortune which he could hot get by fair crossed his mind, he remembered the erstwhile burglar, ami sending for hiin, offered him £500 to kidnap the heiress, and keep her hidden away until she con sented to become Mrs. Vivian. He it was who had devised the plan of entering Miss G—~'s room in such a fashion as to load people to believe that the act wis that of some common burglar, and had it not hoeu for dropping the telltale handker chief in his haste to be gone, Ids designs might possibly have been crowned with success. Of course, Brown's evidence would have been sufficient to convict him; but in order to keep my promise 1 had. to dispense'with that. 1 therefoic sent an assistant to take a cast of the footprints in Mr, G—— 's garden, while I myself paid a visit to Vivian's house, having first as certained that he had gone out. I asked for Mr. Vivian's own man, and having cautioned him that if he said a word about my visit I would make it hot for hi in, ordered him to conduct me to his master's aJl<' "how mc where his handker chiefs wore kept. He opened a drawer, and there lay a snowy pile fresh from the wash, the top one being an initial and crest pre cisely similar to the one then reposing in my pocket], the number being fourteen. I turned them over one by one—thir teen, twelve, eleven, ten, nine, eight, aha: the next was six, and I closed the drawer feeling that Mr. Vivian was as good as convicted. To make assurance doubly sure I next measured four pairs of boots which stood in a row along the wall, and found one pair which corres ponded exactly with the tracks in Mr. G s garden. Reiterating my caution to the servant J left the house, and hurried to assure Mr. (1 that his daughter was safe, and would he found in a few days, provided only that he kept my informa tion a profound secret. The end was now at hand. for four days f waited patiently; then 1 judged that the time was ripe for my project, and instructed Bro wn to bring or send Miss G to a certain place that evening. I found her awaiting mc in company with a veiled woman, who hurried a.wuy without speaking as soon as i relieved her of her charge. When I intro duced myself to Miss G , and told her I had come to conduct her to her home she nearly fainted with joy. Calling a cab, 1 placed her in it, and drove with her bo het father's house. I will draw a veil over the meeting between these loving hearts, and pass to a more unpleasant theme. Driving straight ty> Mr. Vivian's house, I found him at dinner, and walked unannounced into his presence. "What docs this intrusion mean?" lie de manded angrily. "Who are you, sir, and what do you want?" '"My name is Sharpc,' I replied; 'I am a detective, and 7. arrest you on a charge of burglariously entering the house of Mr. G ,and forcibly abducting his daughter.' "He seemed half stunned by the shock, and eat staring at me as if I were a ghost. '"My God,' he exclaimed at last, and then relapsed into" a silence which re mained unbroken till he was lodged in the cells. A strong bar was engaged for the defence, hut a few days before the trial lie sent for me and made a clean breast of the whole business, saying that he would pica guilty, and thus endeavour to ex piate his crime. He also desired that his accomplice should remain unpunished, as he had only succumbed to a great temp tation after a lot of persuasion. J did not tell him that T knew anything about Brown, but promised that his' wishes should he fulfilled. Miss 0 refused to say a word as to where or with whom she had been hidden, saying that she had given her word of honour to remain silent on the subject. Mr. G has treated mc very handsomely, and says I am the most Wonderful man on earth, hut you who are behind the scenes know that there was nothing marvellous about the affair, and that my success was due simply to a little tnemory and a little observation, combined with just the least dash of bounce. By Jove! it's midnight. What a fellow you are to talk, to he sure. Good-night." And Mr. Sharpe laughed genially as he snatched up his hat and departed. 