A Haunted House. Not a very great distance from the L.N.W.R. terminus as Euston stands a large detached house in a railed-in garden which has now been untenanted for some months, and which will readily be recognised by our readers in the neighborhood, owing to its reputation as a haunted dwelling. Inquiries have elicited the following strange particulars from authentic sources. It is upwards of a year since the unaccountable noises that have driven away various tenants began to be heard. Quite acci- dentally the landlord encountered a daring ghost-disillusioner in the person of a well-known Scotch member of Parliament noted for his courage and the possession of a fine bull-dog, and who, upon hearing the particulars, pro- posed to spend a night in the house with a view to detecting the ghost. The offer was accepted, and on the night appointed the M.P., with his manser- vant and the bull-dog, entered upon his watch. About one in the morning there were distinct sounds as of someone walk ing about in the rooms above. The dog was unmuzzled, and his master made a sign for silence, which the brute under stood. Presently the noise grew louder, and seemed to come nearer. Barney, for . such was the dog's name, emitted an irre- pressible growl, and for an hour or so the sounds ceased. During this the M.P. examined a small casket which lay at the foot of tihe stairs, and had ap- parently been noiselessly precipitated. The box opened upon a smaller box. and yet another, till in the bottom part lay the photograph oil a quaintly attired gentleman, an Egyptian he seemed, "Who finds this, finds the supposed ghost," read the legend on the back, of the card. The M.P. put the box into his breast pocket. Then the servant, lumped downstairs at break-neck pace, and banged out at the front door, gasp- ing something quite unintelligible. His exit was simultaneous with the sharp report of a pistol. Then all became still again. Steadying his nerves, the M.P. resolved to go upstairs and look for the dog. He found the animal all of a heap on the stair landing dead. Yet there was no one to be seen. The intrepid M.P. explored every nook and cranny known to him without moles- tation. On again returning to the room of his night watch he found his hat and stick gone. Obviously the ghost had been looking for him also. The sequel to the adventure is hardly less exciting. Some few nights afterwards the M.P. was a guest at an evening party in Bel- gravia. He came late, and, on entering made straight for a laughing group of ladies and gentlemen who were being vastly amused by the legerdemain of a professional conjuror. " The face is familiar," thought the M.P., "And the fantastic attire. Have seen it all some where. Yes, yes, I know ; the photo graph!" Quickly he sought out the head of the house, and told him his story, winding up with the injunction, "You must have him arrested." But no! The conjuror had disappeared. At the rising of Mr Justice North in the Chancery division, on Saturdajv February 12, Mr Howard. Wright ap- plied ex parte to his Lordship for an in- . junction to restrain the removal of cer- tain heirlooms from Drayton manor. The application was made "In re Peel; Von de Haydt and another by Sir Robert Peel." Mr Wright stated it was a case in which the trustees of a settlement of heirlooms of the Peel family were plaintitfs, and the trus- tees of Sir Robert Peel were defendants. The application was for an injunc- tion to restrain Sir R. Peel from re- moving these pictures from Drayton manor. Sir R. Peel had the right to the use and enjoyment of them; but there were 44 bankruptcy notices out against him, and there had been an exe- cution there at the instance of a judg- ment creditor under- which everything, even Sir R. Peel's clothes, had been detained. It had just come to the knowledge of the plaintiffs that three of the valuable pictures had been removed by Sir R. Peel's orders, and taken out of the country. One was a picture of Lady Peel, by Sir Thomas Law- rence. — Mr. Justice North granted an interim injunction, extending over Friday, February 11, with leave to serve notice of motion for that day. Mr Justice Romer, on Tuesday, extended the injunction restraining air Robert Peel from removing heirlooms from Drayton manor until Friday, February 18, and gave leave to serve Sir Robert Peel with a writ out of the jurisdiction. The Peel heirloom pictures, which have been occupying the attention of the courts, were all of them the purchases of the great Sir Robert, who was probably a larger picture buyer than any states- man of his rank has ever been. His par- ticular favorites were the pictures of the Dutch school. He gave £300 and £500; and £800 for three small samples of Yau de Velve the younger; for one of his Hobbernas, £900; for a little Albert Guyp, £370; for a Paul Potter, £1800; for an Adrian Yan Ostade, £900; and for a cattle picture, the masterpiece of his less famous brother, Isaac Van Ostade, £4200; for a Peter de Hooge, £1000; for a Gerard Douw, £1300; for a Gerard Terburg, £1000; for one Hubens, £1100; and for another, the portrait of a young lady of Antwerp, £3500, then the highest price ever paid for a half- length portrait. These are only a few out of the many purchases made, with remarkably good taste, by Sir Robert, at what cannot have been much under £-50,000. The late Professor Key, when headmaster of a large London school, was one of the most genial gentleman that ever filled that position. He was fond of encouraging fun in his boyp, and was not averse to recount- ing occasionally during class time, when any- thing prompted it, the manners and customs of countries he had visited. On one occasion he was telling his class about Spain, and said : — "Do you know, boys, that, when a man attains to eminence there he is not called 'sir.' but is given the title of 'don?' One of the boys here called out : — ''Then ' suppose, sir, they would call you Don- Key?" The gravity of the class was completely upset for the remainder of the afternoon. 