The Rev. B. J. Meek and the Central Mission. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — On taking up The Methodist of August 6th, my eye was arrested by an article on 'The Peculiar Difficulties of our work in great Cities,' by Eev. B. J, Meek, After carefully reading through the article, I put it down with mingled feelings. The conviction that Mr. Meek expressed in stating that the whole of our Church workers need a great uplifting, and that we all need to come into closer contact with Christ, is certainly true, and who will deny it ? If we want to be used of God to convert sinners, surely we must have more of Christ's spirit? Surely we must be filled with the Holy Ghost as the Apostles were of old ? and then indeed will come a blessing that will sweep throughout this land of ours. But Mr. Meek, in touching on the Central Mission, asks, ' Where are the thousands said to have been converted there.?' and adds ' What a magnificent army there would be if they had been genuine scrip, tural conversions.' What does Mr. Meek mean by ' genuine Scriptural conver sion ?' Now, sir, I have sat under Mr. Meek's ministry, and I have attended his after-meetings, and I thank God that [ have 6een conversions through hia instrumentality ; but if, after one of those meetings I bad gone up to him and said : ' Those conversions that you bad to-night, sir, were not Scriptural conversions,' what would his answer be ? Very likely he would say : ' Well, I have done my best ; I laid the plan of salvation before them, and those that came out to the front signi fied their intention of accepting that sal vation — so how can you say that they are not Scriptural conversions ?' And if that answer were given, no one would be able to blame Mr. Meek for letting those souls go, hoping for future glory. But yet I go to the Centenary Hall, and what do J find ? A hall packed from floor to roof with people listening to the same message, listening to the same plan of salvation and accepting it in the same way ; but yet, because this is done in a mission, because these peopie were attracted to the service by a brass band and an attractive service^ Mr, Meek hints that ' they are not scriptural con versions.' Mr. Meek will very likely say : ' Well, I am only going by the results ; where are those converts now?' Well, Sir, I make enquiries, and what do I find ? That all or almost all the workers at the Mission itself were converted there — gam* biers, drunkards, athiests, they all have a tale to tell that would have made St! Paul say ' Praise God !' Then, taking the country *ve find that among the Bogan scrub-cutters are some who were attracted by the brass band, and went away glorifying God ' Then, in making en quiries still further amongst Mr. Meek's brethren, I find that many of these converts are to be met with throughout Australia. I will admit that they are not all working for the Methodist Church, but they are working for Christ and His Kingdom, and their work will go on to eternity. In one of our out-back circuits, on the Western Plains, is a convert who has been our Senior Circuit Steward there ; and in the same circuit is a Local Preacher, converted at the same place, and through him many can testify for Christ. This is only an instance of one of our country circuits and Iigive it because it is one of the farthest away from Sydney. But what of the sailors who visit Sydney and who have been converted and gone away never perhaps to touch at this port again, but who will most certainly call, and call to stop, at the same port that Mr. Meek and the mission workers are bound for ? What of them and their influence the extent of which will never be known till we all give an account before the bar of heaven ? And so I could go on, 'and so could hundreds of others go on and tell of what they know has been done by the Central Mission. Suffice it for me to just take a glimpse at the people who surround the mission, in their, miserable homes and narrow dirty streets. Now, Sir, I for some time worked in one of the large Sydney work shops with some of these folks who belong mostly to the class we term 'larrikin,' and I can state from my experience that many of the men there attended the Centenary Hall, attracted by the brass band and posters, when if the most spiritual and eloquent preacher in existence had been there they wouldn't have gone in the first time, it was the band that took them in first and what they heard after that helped to keep them going there. Certainly Paul and Peter and the other apostles didn't have a braBs band and posters, but they raised the dead and gave sight to the blind and in other ways worked miracleB which drew the crowd. Taking Philip for example in Samaria. We read in Acts viii. 6. (iJ.F.) ' And the multi tude gave heed with one accord unto the things that were spoken by Philip, when they heard and saw the signs which he did.' There is no doubt that the people in those days were attracted not only by the teaching of the Apostles, but by their signs. But we cannot use the same means now as then, the very fact of a new religion being preaohed would draw people then, but now the Christian religion is known, or ought to be known, which makes peoples minds prejudiced against it, so that there must be something done to' attract the people who think they know what Chris tianity is, but don't, and not all the preachers in the universe would, attract some men that a brass band or a poster in red, white, and blue would. Then Mr. Meek talks of high-sounding and highly coloured reports,' and says they do not read well alongside of New Testament exhorta tions to self-effacement. Does he mean that when souls are saved we should not tell others through our paper, so that they too may rejoice? Then why have we have we handed down to us through the New Testament that glorious account of the three thousand conversions at Pentecost ? In laying down my pen, my hope is that some of Mr. Meek's brethren in the minis try will take up theirs, and not only take up their pen, but do what they can to help along this Mission, which is (and this I say without apology), doing Christ's work in more ways than those I have mentioned, in the slums of Sydney. I can only say in closing that I for one can testify that it was at the Centenary Hall that my conscience was aroused which ended in my ' true Scriptural conversion to God.' . I am, etc., A Local Preacher. 