m fit 0? mm, CHAPTER XX. J A MEETING IN THE WOOD. 1 'Madge, clnrling you arc not eating any thing,' said Miss Abby. ' You aro not look ing well, cither. At your age one shouldn't have shadows antler the eyes. Child, you are ?worrying the life out of me.' They were at breakfast, and sunlight shin ing on the crystal, old silver, and flowers, and on Madge's weary, changed face. Sho looked un from tho coffee she was listlessly stirring and laughed softly, 'Dear Aunt Abby, don't bother yonr tender heart about me. I assure you I am quite ?well, but I don't feel hungry this morning.' ' Nor yesterday morning,' said Miss Abby, convincingly. ' Nov the morning before. See here, Madge, there is something wrong. Como hero.' Madge went to her an I knelt bsside her chair, looking her steadily in the eyes with a caressing expression. 'Don't bo offended, dear; but I am not so old that I can't seo how things are going. There's some trouble between you and Ivan. 1 know it. ±le has not been here since the balL' 'Well?' and Madge's question was faint whilo tho ache of her heart changed to a penetrating pain. ' He is in Baltimore on business for his father. I've heard from him several times,' ] ' Several times !' snapped Miss Abby, her i cap strings fluttering. ' Why I was young I once and had a sweetheart, I can tell you. I ' Several times !' why, you should have heard from him twice a day, big, heavy letters — not little notes ; you should have been on pins and needless waiting for the post- bag. 01), dear, I hopo there's nothing wrong : but I'll tell you what I think. Ho is jealous of Felix Lancoo.' ' He has no reason to be,' and at the thought of Lancoe's pale, intense face a wave of ropnlsion went over her heart. ' You sec he has refused to go to dinner at ' The Crest' on Thursday. Besides now I think of it, Mr. Lancoe has been here three times sincc the ball, and once you went riding ?with him and his friend. Oh, dear me, what a foolish old woman I was to ask him to 'Farneleigh' at all !' She paused and looked pleasingly at Madge. 'He is just the sort of man to fascinate a young girl. To be sure, he's old enough to bo your father, but so hand some, so clever, such very good manners ! Oh, but you mustn't like him too much, child ! Promise me !' Madge framed Miss Abby's worried little face in her hands and looked with a sweet seriousness into her eyes. ' Set your mind at rest, dear. I love Ivan Trent with my whole heart, earnestly, deeply, and I will love him as long as I live. She pressed a sincere kiss on Miss Abby's lips, and went out of the room. Half an hour later she was walking in the brisk morning air to the village. She had notseen her father since the day after tho ball. But sho must talk with him to-day and make a plea which was tormenting hor. As she passed one of the houses on the principal street leading to tho elookmaker's shop, she saw him come out, liis bag of tools in his hand. There were others in the street, but she knew that if she showed him her ?watch it would not seem strange to sec Miss Farneleigh stopping to speak to old Miles Gibbon, the mender. ' Tather,' sho said, softly, as she came up behind him, and ho turned with a convulsivo start, his eyes behind tho thick- rimmed glasses, pitifully eager. ' Ah — you — any news ?'lio asked, his voice husky. . She opened hor lips to speak wnen ho in terrupted her hurriedly : ' Hero's Murdock. There's no time for talking now. Meet mo to night at nine — tho wood below Paver's place — only half a mile from ' Farneloigh.' ' He took her watch and pretended to cxamino it, as his employer camo up. ' Well, take it with you,' said Madge, in a business-like tone. ' There's nothing wrong ?with it, but I want it cleaned and tho time rogulatod. I'm glad I mot you; this saves my going to tho shop.' Sho bowed to both men carelessly and turned away. Dinner dragged wearily that night, and it seemed as if tho hands on tho bier clock did not niovo at all. Madge paced the long silent drawing-room, her nerves quivering, her mind in a ferment, envying Miss Abby, who dossccl peacefully over an old-fashioned novel. Would nine never come?' When at length tho deep, sweet notes of tho old clock vibrated through tho silenco she stolo out, and, wrapping a dark red shawl mantilla-wise over hor head, slipped out of tho house by way of tho terrace steps, and on through tho park lo tho gates — thesaino stops and tho same path hor mother lmd travorsod on tho fateful night when sho fled from ' Farneleigh' and was seen no more. ' Tlit! lodge-keiiper had not yot closed tho gates, and would not until ten. Ho was no where in sight, and sho readied the broad liigh-road, almost as smooth as a ballroom floor, without meeting anyone. In a little while she had arrived at the spot appointed aud ?was looking into her fathor's face. ' I'm so glad to seo yon, dear — so glad,' he said, joyfully. She kissed him and let him lead her to a seat on a fallen tree. 'You wonder why I wanted to seo you to night? Don't look so eager, poor daddy,' sho said, with endearing pity ; ' for I have no news.' ' You haven't seen Lancoo since your ride with him?' ' Oh, yes ; he called yesterday. I took him through the picture gallery, showed him your portrait and the frame with the tattered canvas — ' ' Yes — yes — how did he look ? What did he say ?' 'I asked him i£ he knew tho story of tho rained picture, as Aunt Abby had never told me. He had a tormented look, was ill at ease, but waived the question. Oh, his face is a Erood mask which betravs little ! Tho timo has not como yet for his deliverance into our hands, but it will ; I feel it will,' in tones of concentrated purpose. ' And you have no' other news — no better plans than those wo havo discussed?' he asked, a tinge of disappointments his voico. ' No, there is nothing I can do until I go to ' The Crest' on Thursday. Depend upon it, father, I'll use my eyes and ears well : I'll have my woman's intuition sharpened for the occasion ; your interests aro my very own. Oh, yon know this ! Say you do !' ' Yes, my darling.' ' Then, there is one prayer I must make to you,' sho paused, and a qnick breath came from her lips, as she bent her head and kissed his hand ; ' let me tell Ivan the truth — let mo make him our ally. Oh, he will help ns, father. He would give his heart's blood in this cause — I know it ! Oh, let mo unburden my heart to him.' Richard Farneleigh drew away and leaped to his feet. ' Madge, how can you ask it ? Not for worlds. Remember, your promise ! No living soul but you must know that I am in Malbrook. I insist on this.' ' ' But, father, this friendship with Felix Lancoo is estranging my lover from me. I would not marry him until your name waa cleared even if this took years. If Lancoe should die without the truth coming to light, then I would never marry any one. But, oh ! in the meantime, it hurts me ao to know I am causing him a moment's pain — to realize he keeps away from me because he has begun to doubt my love — because he feels I havo not been frank with him — because he believes tuui JJIWiUVU, LilU XilUI.UUJ.Ur, IB UUglliUUlg LU steal my heart from him.' She flung out her hands in passionate appeal, and her eyes wero dilated in the intensity of her prayer. ' I don't mind what I suffer, but let mo spare him,' she said. 'He would die before he betrayed you. He would do all a man could do to holp you.' For the first timo she realized the sterner sido of her father's nature. He drew himself up coldly, his voice was inflexible. ' You can take back your promise to help me if you wish. Go, and be happy with your lover. But do not mention xay name to him. I absolve you from any bond to mo.' 'No, no, no, a thousand times,' she said, springing up and letting her arms close firmly around his neck. ' How can you be so cruel ? Forget what I have said. I shall no longer struggle against fate, no matter what comes ; but I must help you,' and her cheek same to his shoulder. j Richard Farneloigh looked down on tho childish profile, and an unspeakable softness stole over his worn face. ' It cute me like a knife to hurt you,' he said, ' but I must — I must. It almost seems dangerous to lot tho air hear my secret ; then how can I permit another human being to .sharo it. iNo, i dare not. You and 1 snail work together — just you and I. Your lover will doubt you' for a while, perhaps, but in tho end all will como right. Assure him of your love ; try to make him like Lancoe — ' ' Ah, father, I have not told you — but — Felix Lancoe's heart has been awakened from its sleep by me — ho is learning to love me,' and a shudder passed over her. ' Every one who sees him with mo notices it, and how can Ivan be blind ?' « AT,! 1-„ J'', ^ «? *''£5 a'B' of intense hatred ; ' he sees in you his youth s love. Ho dares to love, adore you, instead of shrinking from you ! He is made of flint.' She looked up, and her young face 'was tragic. ' Oh, pray that we may find somo clue to overpower him. with — soon !' she gasped. 'It means your reinstated honour, your happi ness : it means simply justice to the dear dead — and it means moro ; it means Ivan's belief in me — Ivan's happiness and mine.' She bent forward and kissed him good night. 'Nothing will mako you falter in your promise ?' he said. ' You have vowed ab solutely secrecy.' ' You may trust me,' she said, her voice dull. But pray that wo may know soon, father — soon. ' Good-night,' sho called back cheerily, from tho road. Ho stood and watchod her until the shadows hid hor hurrying form, then retraced 1,;D f,. 1,,V two oi-vy X.™ ii umi.. Madgo walked rapidly towards ' Farne leigh,' her thoughts absorbing her. She did I not turn her head nor look to right or left. Had she done so she would liavo seen tho form of a man a little distance away walking rapidly at a steady, quick paco in her direction. It was Ivan, and he had unexpectedly reached Malbrook on a lato train. Tho beauty of the night had tempted him to walk to ' Mary field,' and his way took him past ' Farne leigh.' Ho was glad, miserably glad, to got evon so near to Madgo's home, and he was wondering what sho was doing — whether playing wliist with Miss Abby or talking to Lancoe, or sleep ing with her dear brown head softly indenting tho pillow — whon ho was Btartlcd by tho word ' good-night' spolcon clearly, and tho Bight of a feminine figure flitting from tho wood to tho right, to tho roadway just a little ahead. His heart's beating grow quicker, a dark thought that was like tho stain of a ravon's wing agairfst tho bluo sky, obscured his con sciousness, aud ho walked faster. How like that hurrying figure was to Madgo's ! How like lier ! i His eagerness to see who tho rambler could bo made him increase his paco, his straining oyes fixed on tho gloom. Again and again he told himself ho thought was folly. It could not bo Madge. Sho would not bo out so lato alone talking to some ono in tho wood. Of coursc tho idea was ridiculous. ' It is one of tho maids at Favor's place,' ho said to himself. But this assurance died at its birth as ho observed that tho figure now running lightly had reached ' Farneleigh' paused for a mo ment before the gates and disappeared. ' Perhaps it was Madge's maid,' ho thought, still bent on deceiving himself, whilo the tone in which the 'good-night,' had been uttered rankled in his memory, and the fear which had sprung to life was now an actual, tor menting possession. Whon he reached tho ' Farneleigh' gates ho stood for a second looking into the quiet and blackness stretching away beyond the patch of lights from the lamps. There was not a sound. Whoever the wayfarer of the night had been, sho was almost at the house by this time. I As he stepped into tho road again to re sume his work, his eyes fell upon a small, white object in the path lying almost at his faat- TTa ,-k 1 xi, vu. ur mil* au.1, it nuuouj haudkerchief, but fine as a cobweb, its edge lace-trimmed. The beating of his heart was like the strokes of a hammer in his car as he spread out the dainty thing, and turning back looked at it under the light. That second was fraught by a crushing realization of despair, which never could bo forgotten, as his eyes plainly rested on the monogram in the corner — ' M. F.' It was Madge who had sped silently, secretly, through the darkness. It was Madge who had said ' good-night' to some one in the wood. CHAPTER XXI. THE BRONZE CABINET. Half-past Bix. Madge glanced at the little clock in her boudoir and a shiver almost of apprehension passed over her. In another hour she would be at ' Tho Crest,' she would have crossed tho threshold ot the house which held a secret as dark as a Borgia's. She wore a dinner gown of black and white. Miss Abby had objected to the conventional mourning for tho late master of ' Farneleigh,' and for tho father who had died under un usual circumstances in a far land, so Madge's gowns were simply a token of respect in white or black or palest mauvo. ' I hate to seo the young in tho garments of woe,' Miss Abby had said. ' Your life, too, has been sad enough, and the circum stances of your finding your home so strange, I am not going to keep you from tho delights of simple pleasures just for convention's sake. Your whole life, my poor child, has been ona of mourning, and I want you to be happy now while I am alive and can seo you revel in youth and beauty, a light heart, an un troubled conscience.' Madge was a picture of beauty and quiet elegance in this pretty gown. It was of dull, heavy white, broad black velvet outlining the tho waist, and the low V, which left her rounded throat bare, whilo tho sleoves were close and shirred, a frou-frou of lace falling over hor small hands ; sho woro no jewels, save a few splendid rings, which glowed like fireflies, as her fingers moved. Tho ruffled oapo, lying over the chair with her fan, was of white velvet with downy trimming of black ostrich plumes. How her heart was beating, how her eyes shone, how the colour flickered on her white cheeks like fire glowing on ice. Sho put away all thoughts of Ivan, tho sorrow which had been hers for two days, since sho knew from a lifisty letter ho had returned to ' Mary field,' and yet had not como to see her. Sho was glad he would not bo at ' Tho Crest' to-night, glad that his troubled eyes would not deter nor irom mailing tne most; or evory | opportunity. ' To-night, to- night. Will it hold any success ? Perhaps I shall return without hav ing advanced ono stop in discovery, without even a suspicion being hotter founded,' sho thought as sho paced to and fro, her hands tensely clasped. Taking up cloak and fan, sho wont down tho stairs. Miss Abby was not quito ready yet, and she slipped past hor door until she stood between tho curtains which shaded tho gloomy picturo gallery. It was always dark and gloomy thero, always deserted. Tho sorrow of tho old mansion seemed to lurk there like an abiding presonco. A candle was burning in a tall, silver candle-stick on a tablo near by. Madge took it up, and holding it high abovo her head, entered tho long, silent gallorv. But she paused, her hand clutching tho curtain. What was that sound which broke stealthily on tho quiet — a rustle — a hurried, velvety stop, a long sigh as of wind rushing in through a suddenly-opened door? Madge, grown as white as her gown, stood absolutely motionless peering into tlio distant shadows boyond tho ha/.o of candle-light. Sho did not believo in ghosts, and yet an awe as 1 if facing something uncanny and supernatural crept over her. What living creatuvo could havo been alone in tho blackness of the chill place, retreating at her coming like a bat fear ing tho light? Impossible! And yet the sound had not been fancy. Was there such a thing as spiritual visitors after all, and could it be that the restless wraith of her . unhappy young mother kept vigil thoro, waiting, per haps, for vindication of her death to bring her peace? _ It was a thought that made the blood en circle Madgo's heart coldly as sho moved further into the gallery, her eyes half-awed, and fearsome, looking from right to left. Sho had been attracted hero on this night to look on hor father's face as it had been in tho days when ho was happy, to stand before tho frayed and broken canvas where once her mother's lovoly eyes had smiled witchingly, and which told so eloquently tho story of past agony, pain, and rage : sho had thought some inspiration might como to her in that place where the dark past seemed only of yesterday, some inspiration to be used in her task of justice. But instead, tho memory of the footstep she had heard, tho wail of tho wind through the silent place, filled her with nervous awe, and sho had no wish to linger. It almost seomed as if through the long, bare windows where faint moonlight shone, or through tho door at tho back leading out to an unused cor ridor, some ghostly visitor would enter, con front, and terrify her. She looked once at hor father's masterful face, onco at tho ruined canvas, and then like a young creature flying at the approach of a storm, hurried away, tho candle waving in the draught and throwing big shadows behind her, until it seemed that imps, made of tho silent air, hold revel in every corner. As she came out she confronted^Miss Abby. 'Madge, where on earth have you been ? Hannah and Mrs. Rocho have both been looking for you,' alio said, her eyes fairly scintillating with curiosity.- ' ' What were you doing in the picturo gallery ?' ' I didn't think you were ready,' said Madge, trying to speak carelessly, ' aud I had a fancy to look at the old pictures.' ' Well, you are the strangest girl. You must want to get a bad cold, going iu that ffreless placo in that low-cut gown. You're as white as if you'd seen ghosts, Here, Hannah, bring Miss Farneleigh a little sherry ; oh, yoa foolish girl.' Madge let herself be scolded in silence, and obediently drank the wine. She stood as if in a dream, while Hannah wrapped the velvet cloak arouad her, and drew the Capuchin hood over her head. The awe sho had felt in the picture gallery remained with her until thoy were driving to ' The Crest.' | Tho carriage turned into tho gates, and moved slowly up to tho hill, where the feudal ! looking mansion twinkled through the foliage. Such an intensity took hold of Madgo's heart as she thought of her mission, such a determination to discover something suspicious in this strange house and about its strange master, that all her courage returned, and she entered tho big, brilliant house dominated only by this one thought. When they had laid aside their wraps and descended to the drawing-room, they found the others all there. Lancoe looked strikingly handsome. His white, close-cut hair,, his dark eyes, the black and white of evening clothes, were all sharp notes of colour, and added to these a broad band of scarlet crossed his breast bearing some decoration he had received years before as a diplomatic honour iu Russia. He made no effort to hide tho delight he felt as Madgo appeared, looking like a dream of spring. His eyes lingered on her arch, upturned face as if he would .never tire drinking in its beauty. -! T-„, lur.'oo noio u. I1IUB DU1U jjAina Abby, shaking out the ample folds of her sumptuous, silk skirt, ' but Madgo here seemed possessed this evening with a spirit of unrest— — ' She would havo said more, but Madge laughingly held hor finger to her lips. She did not want Felix Lancoo to know that the Farneleigh mystery and the Farneleigh por traits were especially interesting to her. It was better, perhaps, that he should think her a very unsuspecting, thoughtless girl, until somo admission or somo discovery placed a weapon against him in her hand. ' No tales out of school, Aunt Abby,' she said gaily ; ' will you forgive me, Mr. Lancoo ? I am, indeed, all to blame.' 'I'll forgivo you for being late,' he said in a voice which only she heard, 'but not for de priving me of the pleasure of seeing you ten minutes earlier. I am a niggard about such moments Miss Farneleigh, I am, indeed.' ' Dinner is served, sir,' said a footman, lifting the heavy portiero of eastern stuff, and Madge saw tho dining-room boyond. The beauty of tho house impressed her from the moment she had entered. It was indeed a treasure-house. ' Farneleigh' was an old, Colonial mansion, everything; rich and austere, but the house in which Folix Lancoo had buried himself for so many years, was filled with the reminders of far, strango lands and many different centuries. Tho dining-room was old Dutch in stylo, and nothing could have been more charming than tho quaintly- raftered roof, dark and crude, the old settles before a deep-mouthed firoplacc, where a big log burned, the latticed windows, tho quaint, 6mall- paned cupboards filled with a store of rare, blue delft. In the firelight, save for the modern garb of tho guests who sat at tho great, oaken table, it looked like a study of an interior by Rembrandt. Whon the bright and charming dinner was ovor, and Felix Lancoe suggested taking her over tho house, sho found this beaut}', this exquisite attention to detail, this ovidenco of a raro, artistic mind scattered everywhere. Madge, studying him, leading him on to talk, walked beside him, through a beautiful hall wliero tlio draperies wore aesthetic, ana paintings by Burne- Jones and Rosetti gleamed against the jade-green hangings. Into a room whose divans, many-liued rugs, and lamps of wrought brass, liintod of Algeria, down another hall, stored with savage imple ments, and curios pickod up during a years sojourn in tho Strait Settlements and tho South Sea Islands, and at last to tho study, Shakosperian in colouring, furnishing, and device. Hero Madgo sat down on a great, oaken chest such as Ginovra might havo hidden in and loaned hor rounded chin in her palm, sho was conscious of a cold feeling of dis appointmout. Tho night was wearing to a close, and she had discovorod — nothing. Her host had been moro entertaining than the best book of travels sho had ovor read. Thore had been nothing unusual in his manner, nothing to imply that tho past, which hovered liko a companion with her, was a monaco to him. Ho had been almost boyish in his eagerness to interest her in the treasures with which his honBo was filled, had looked at her with too evident admiration. Now as she sat in tho dark-toned study, such a room as Queen Elizabeth might havo received tho world's greatest poet in, and looked at Felix Lancoe, handsome, smiling, evidently content with his lifo, despite the dark stain which it seemed no effort of hers could bring to light, it was with difficulty sho kept the desperate tears from her eyes. ' You are tired of sight-seeing?' ho said at last, taking a chair a little distance from her, and regarding her wistfully. Sho returned his glance iu a deep, intent way. He did not dream it, but in reality that gaze expressed : ' Oh, if I could but seo your heart ; if I could but force you to lay bare your secret ;. if some occult power could make you speak and tell mo all. If tho spirit of my mother j could suddenly appear before you, so that your easo would fall from you, and in your fear you would betray yourself and ask for mercy.' | She did not dream what a fair picturo she made sitting upon tho ancient chest, her white form cutting the shadows, the candle making fantastic lights play upon her exquisite face. But Felix Lancoe knew that the memory of her as sho faced him in that room was one which would never leave him. ' What are you thinking of, Miss Farne leigh ?' he asked at last, still with that quick beating of his heart. ' You have such a look as Sappho might havo worn, thinking out one of her tragic, passionate poems.' Madge came to a senso of her surroundings almost guiltily.® Eveu though absolutely unsuccessful to-night, she must not forget to play her part perfectly. For a moment sho remained silent, thinking what best to say for hor purpose. ' Tired ? Not in tho least. I love these rare and beautiful things you have surrounded yourself with. You are a very fortunate man.' His face grew grave and he looked away. ' Do you think so ?' ' You seem happy, too — perfectly happy. Forgive me for seeming so curious, but I can't imagine why you stayed away from the world for so many |years. You had everything to live for.' ' I had nothing to livo for,' he said, almost brusauelv : ' but I'd rather not talk of that time now,' he added hurriedly ; ' lam trying to forget it ever existed. Are you xeady to go back to the others ?' 'Not yot; show mo your collection,' she said suddenly, her eyes fastened on his face. ' You mean — ?' ho commonced and paused. ( lo be continued ) 