mBmissw ^t-^ qwgFmr\ v\ rw ia@s%£-'iH-^p CHAPTER XIII.- CoHTUinED. — .. 'All that I have thought of, and in that direct lino she seems to have barred my way , herself. If she had appeared to me as a seeker after social elevatiou, I could have addressed her before this. But, successful in such n course, I would have at once re duced my high estimate of her character.' 'It is certainly a matter hedged with dif ficulties. This is a free couutry, a wonder ful eomitry! and its education brings out worth and character at times. But it also opeus wide the doorto adventurers. There certainly is a higher plane of life, even here, is theia not!' 'Yes, mother— if you had lived in Solo mon's time, the Queen of Sbeba would have come to visit you and neglected the king.' But Mrs. North was in earnest now : her son was the stake, and she loved him too deeply to treat the subject of his destiny . lightly. 'And while the social plane,' she contin ued, 'which is established on a high grade, has many of low degree upon it, thrust there by fortune, still, must we not be wary, lest we suffer by sudden folly!' 'Mother, you are wiso— and good. Surely you cau help me in such a case.' 'We will at least be just to the child we are weighing in the balance.' 'Even it Diana is great.' said the sod. 'But Diana can put many thorns in the pathway where love treads— if she wills— and society generally wills.' 'You are a philosopher and a poet, too,' replied the son, 'and I could not appeal to both in vain.' 'Hush, boy; if you are impertinent I will not tell you a plan I have in mind.' 'I know your plan already,' be returned, confidently. 'And what is it?' \-- — 'You will invite MinsLamont to visit you when I am away— and your good judgment will guide you. Then I will api-enr upon the scene at another time.' 'That is a good suggestion. I will act up on it.' 'And, mother,' the boy urged, with some thing the matter of his voice, 'you will not criticise too hard a youug woman whose training has been on a distant sea coast!' 'I do not think, from what I saw, that she needs criticism. She appears a lady born.' The son arose from his chair, took his mother's hands, kissed her, and said some thing about the usefulness of mothers in general. As he reached the door he turned and said: '1 will return from Philadelphia Monday and come directly to the house. I am in form*! it will he better to bring the insur ance funds direct to the house— there has been information lodged with the city police that some desperate characters are looking around our office. If I send a packnge up, put it in the muniment room and I will have anight watch here.' He closed the door and was off. The next day a carriage was driven around the bay. a servant bearing a little note to the cottage of Mrs. Jennie Smith. It road as follows: My Dear Miss Lamont: It is my wi-h to become better acquainted with you, and make it pleasant for you to attend future assemblies. My ton will be away over Sunday. May I send the carriage for you at S p. m., and have you to luuch with me alone! I lead a quiet life, and I wish to talk with you iu a good oldfashion ed way. If you will accede to my wishes you will confer a favor. Your friend, CATHERINE NORTH. The reader, some of him or her, wiUsay that Miss Helen Lamont rushed off to Mrs. Jennie, and, dashing into her lap, read the letter in a whirlwiud of delight! and that immediately the little charmer hugged the girl unto suffocation, and, — wrote a poem. But Helen was not that kind of a girl. She smoothly drew a pair of scissors from the dexter pocket, deftly trimmed off the edges of the perfumed envelope — such as they bad iu those days — laid it wide open, and wrote thereon as follows, while standing in the hall, at least twenty feet from a mir ror: Kind Majsam — Your note finds me unpre pared to reply to your kindness, save in this manner. I aui deeply grateful, and shall be very happy to come to your beautiful home again and at the time mentioned. I am, gratefully yours, HELEN LAMONT. When Lady North received this reply, somewhat ingenious in its construction as to papetierre, her first thought was that tin child was a little artful. But as the vision of the girl herself, as she had seen her on the night of the assembly, rose in her mind she felt assured that the step was a kindly one, even it if were a little deceitful— in the in terest of that stalwart son of here. Sundayafternoon came. And so did Miss Helen Lamont. She was welcomed at the door by the lady herself. No, Mrs. North did not send the 'first girl' to usher Helen into the reception room, and then sail in up on her with an overpowering sweetness ani gush! She simply opened the inner door of the vestibule herself; smiled sweetly, as a tody of years and silver hair only can smile; took the young lady, as a good moth er would, by the hand, helped her take off a 'little outer shawl and other aocouterments known only to the feminine militia. Then she took her to the neatest little down-stairs attiring room and adjusted all the necessary attachments of female toggle ment. And then they both sailed hand in hand into the — not the grand parlor— but into the library. And there they sat for an hour, and then a little dimity-dressed maid came to the door and quietly said: 'Luuch is ready.' By that time they went Into the dining room, not haud iu hand; but with her arm around the girl's slender waist, Mrs. North drew Helen close to her side and said, with a benign goodness in her eyes: 'Come, my dear, we will lunch together all alone— justas If we were the only people in the world.' And so they went to the great, heavy ta ble. But what they ate is nothing to us. What we want is to know what they said during that first hour— that the nice little Lady North should fold hor graceful anni about her as though she had loved ber for yearn— that the wealthiest rtoek in Boston tfaould fold a struggling child of the world within its gold leaves. It would be highly affected upon our part to represent the conversation as 'soulful.' It was precisely the contrary. And that we/the reason Mrs. North was drawn by the bands of love. The conversation rose to the' high plane of the weather, present and expected, and the influence of Washington society upon dress — and finally Helen felt M much at home that sbe jumped up on her feet and developed the usual hysterics over the white lilies in the deep window frame. An/1 *iien, as Miss Helen was an artist the lady North exhibited the line ot famous portraits, with the then familiar Dames of famous artists. And then^ah, mother, you knew whan I— then Lady North picked up a little gilt edged b»ok, bound in lovely velvet, and re marked tbat— 'This is a little work my son has written ; —on 'Bleata in Ocean Carriage.' Ot course this one was bound specially for me.' Miss Helen took the book, opened it, and then sat down by the window under the lilies and ran a few pages through her fin gers. | 'Now,' said Mrs. North to herself, 'I can see to what extent she is intellectual,' and : at the same time she smiled at her own de- j ceitfulncss. Thus far she bad been won by h cr gentle niauncr. 'I should like to read this book,' Helen taid, almost as bluntly as though speaking to a companion in years and station. 'My doar, it is about commerce— and fields where men study out great national prob lems.' 'Yes, and I would like to read them and study them.' 'But it is about new things— ntw rail roads and uew territories.' 'Hut it is about the future! To what' a wonderful future we arc coming. I am so thankful that we may live to see it 1' and at this point the girl's face glowed with anima tion 'Yes, child, you will see it.' 'And you, too, I am sure. And your Bon will. He shows here by a table of progres sions that the tonnage of our commerce will soon be the greatest of any ot the powers I And here,' she continued, turning over to another chapter, 'he states that great par allels of railroads will soou be built, to the Mississippi River into the territories. I be lieve that, too.' 'You do? Why, I don't know anything about such things. Aru there no railroads there now?' 'To me,' said the girl warmly, 'there is a glory iu being the creator of such a develop ment of one's country. I wish I were a man!' And then she laughed at the hardi hood of a young girl wishing such ungentle thiugs. The expression may have sounded ill to old-fasbioned Mrs. North, but the laugh for gave it all. 'Why a man?' she asked of Helen. 'Because — because— *?h, there is a weak ness about us. We are looked upon a good deal as a curiosity. I suppose the wish to to be uusexed is rather immodest, is it not!' 'Not if you simply wish to have greater strength— I think the assertion of a strength which we do not have is unfortunate.' 'Sjinotimes,' said Helen thoughtfully, 'I wish I was stronger— not that I wish to do thiugs out of reach, but to do my work better. I often start out upon the street, full of hope and joy at tho chance to do sonvMliHig, and as I move along so buoyant ly some man will pass me and by manner remind me that I am but a woman after all.' 'Then, being a woman,' suggested Mrs. North, 'would it not be better to be less am bitious?' 'I think so. I often wish I were ugly 01 feature — so that people would look at me no more than young men.' 'If you have beauty, does it not draw friends to youf' said the elder lady, gently reprimanding the self -assumption of beauty. 'Yes; but dou't you think that hard la nor and propriety would Dnug Ineudsr 'Do you find the industrious and the good about you successful because of their earn estness? Are not many unfortunates wor thy of better things!' 'Yes,' replied the girl. 'In my daily work 1 am placed huside faithful workers who are borne down to the very earth with misfortune. I am happier than they only because I have hope.' 'And skill,' added Mrs. North. 'My son thinks you have a great future, aud takes an interest in your work.' After this experi mental reference the lady watched Helen's face very closely. But the latter replied at once, without the slightest change of color or accent: 'I think he must be, be seemed so much interested in that painting at the academy. Why, the academy has addressed a note to me asking me to sell it to them, and also to meet a committee soon to arrange about other paintings. I half believe your son has brought some of this about.' 'I think not,' said the mother, 'because he has told me nothing of it' 'And do sons tell their mothers all about such matters! I thought that was confined to daughters.' 'Mine does— but then, there is only one Conrad,' and the proud woman looked down upon the floor. 'How deliprhtf ul one year with a mother would be,' sighed the girl. Then her eyes wandered, and with a dreamy gaze looked far out to sea and rested upon a single sail, receding into that world beyond our horizon. And both bad their thoughts; and each locked them in their own bosoms where no intrusion could startle them into being. When Mr«. North's eyes were lifted sh* said: 'You have no mother?' 'Nor brother, nor sister.' 'What is it, then, that sustains you in your laborer1 'God.' The dear old lady was startled. - Her own religious sense was deep and warm. Hesi tating a moment to get the full significance of the declaration, she said to the earnest girl: 'I am anxious to ask you a question.' 'Do, please; I already know how kind yon arc. 'Who reared you so geutly— and bow came you by these thoughts you have utter ed f 'If I have them,' said Helen modestly, 'they are due to,an uncle and aunt who reared me from a child— on the coast of Maine.' 'And he was a minister!' 'Yes, and unfitted for this world— so God took bim.' 'And you have no one to love or lean up on?' 'No; but I do not feel the need of more than such priceless friendship as you show me. My work keeps my heart from other pursuits.' ''And you grow stronger, dou't you?' 'Oh, yes,' she answered with a smile. 'The world is so full of beauty and nature, bo full of wonder, that I find study for every hour— if only some people didn't suffer,' she added, thinking of Winnie aud the work shop. ' You are a strange girl,' said the mother, looking at her with gentle eyes. ' Do you think so ?' ' I hope that you will never lose that tender sympathy for the unfortunate— I can see why you painted the ' Angel of Sympathy!' ' Can you ? But you will never forgive me for talking so much.' 'Talk away,' said the mother, 'It de lights me. Some day you will be a mother, aud you will listen to the bravo words of those who have tl^eir life to tread— as I do uow. The time will come, though, when, with all your strength and character, you will lean upon another.' Helen cost her eyes to sea again. The sail bad gone beyond ber vision. 'Yes— yes— it ?is possible— and it is fate. But it will b» rery bard for rao.' 'Why, child?' said Mrs. North with some surprise. 'Because I am unfortunate. To be born a laborer in the fields, ouo wlj.) feels satisfi ed with his humble fate and happy wife, would be happiness. Or to bo born in the purple, and find your surroundings fitted to your tastes, would be joy. But to be on the earth with Kingston small to fly, and yet hunger for flight, that, is a hardship.' 'Hut you will love just the same. I did.' 'To love above you would be unfortunate,'1 said Helen, 'and to love beneath us is still worse— it seems so to mo.' ? Mrs. North, of choice, would not have ut tered another word. The earnestness of tbe girl was the guaranty of its truth. Tbo sub. ject was closed when she remarked : 'Hut I he demands of tbo heart will coma some day—and come in power. You will not deny it then. It will come.' Then it was that tbe littlo 'dimity maid' opened tbe door and brought them down to the world of reality and cold chickou. with that remark: 'Lunch is ready.' When late at night the following Monday Conrad North catno homo, and retired to hig room, be found upon the table a.little note. Ho held it up to the light a moment, then broke tue wax seal, and opened it. It wot from his mother. My Dea.ii Son— You have a task before you. But you will havo your mother's pray ers for mcccss. Hope lightly, and may God be with vou. MOTHER. CHAPTER XIV. PDfNT£ HAS AN ADVENTOTIE. INNIE was rapidly recovering, and the tune drew nigh when he must or ganize bis infant faculties into some lino of action for maintenance. He hod not been idle during a portion of his sickness. Herose from his bed a differ ent person in one respect— he could read a little, and every day added to bis powers in that direction. His progress was really quite astonishing. His face was paler than before, and his stop was still uustaidy. But his features ? - -.- i-mger expressive of vacancy, nud his step wus not shambling. His white forehead aud finely molded inoutli and chin gave promise of considerable strength. How often at night bo asked after tbe wel fare of Wiunie. This pleased Helen, and ber pictures of the girl were at times tinged slightly with the golden hue of affection. It may be stated, also, that the clear-eyed island daughter, with her 'iss,' and 'miss,' ami tweet Gaelic accent, also inquired daily for Pinnie. One day Pinnie was feeling unusually de pressed — he felt that he was becoming a bur den to tbo household. All were glad to see him so well, mid to bear him rattle off ' lit eraturo' with more or less readiness. But the fact that he was a non-supporting mem ber of the group was paiuf ul. So, one day, when Helen returned from her labor, which still continued, she found a note awaiting her. It was written in boyish script, and read as follows : Dear Miss Helen: I thought I ought to get something to do. So I have borrowed a little money of Mrs. Smith, and I have gouc over to Mr. Conrad North's to talk with him aud see if he knows what I can do. I will hope to be back as soon as you do. PINNIE. Mrs. Smith bad gone into the city shop piug, and had not ntmned, and the moid of all work knew nothing of Pinnie'a going. Eight o'clock aud Mrs. Smith both came, aud still no Piunie. But at half-past S, just as they were becoming alarmed, a note came from Mi's. North stating that 'Mr. Piunie' would remain there over night. At the North castle it had been a dull day. The light remark made by Conrad about) « threatened raid on the down town office wor ried Mrs North. Being forewarned, of course Mrs. North felt that there was no real danger. However, what may be called the 'feminino shadow' huug over her, and her mind refused to dispel the gloom. The huge oloi'k in the hallway had just , Rt.mek 2. when the lij»jiw Imnnt^r nn tliA I heavy door sent a chill through her slLht - frame. By the time the man servant was at the door, Mrs. North was at the head of the old-fashioned staircase. The door was open There stood a pale, lank, sickly-looking woman in masculine raiment— at least that was what Mrs. North suspected. The large, dark eyes looked strangely and steadily upon ? the doubtful Mr. Bonar, who stood for a moment without saying a word, as if wait ing directions from his mistress. Aud when Donor did spring him with a question, he did it carefully, so as not to scare bim away in case he were a real ghost. 'An' phwat kin I do for the likes o' yer?' 'Can you tell me, mister, if Mr North lives here!' ? 'Indade, soor, an' we kin do that,' return ed the Irishman, without offering the desired information. On the long piazza, or porch, near the outer door, was a huge rustic chair. With a stammering word Pinnie almost tumbled into this, much to the anxiety of tbo man. 'Och, me leddy, the laud is sick.' Mrs. North was by him at that moment, and asked of Piunie: 'My boy, are you ill?' '1 have been, Mrs. North, but I am only so tired now. I walked from the ferry.' 'Bouar will bring you into the bouse'— and, as she said this, tbe sudden thought came into her mind, that, perhaps, this bad something to do with tue threatened bur glary. 'But then,' she reflected in an in stant, 'that was at the down town ollice and surely this youth would not be an agent in such work!' Then she said aloud. 'You speak my name, bat I do not remember to have met you, do you know me?' 'Yes, 1 knoiv you from the words of Miss Laniout, I came to talk with Mr. North, who can tell mo what to do, probably.' 'Are you the sick person of whom Miss Lamont told us?' To be CoimwrraD 