T1VE. ill "jsCHE JAPANNED CASH JboX. ' ' y ^ BT JA»psS M'^GyAN ".You're wanted up at the office." A policeman tapped me on the shoulder, ; with these words, as I. was going down the High street at a smart walk. *' No ?" I said Incredulously, for I had just left it. and on business too. It's true ; I was sent to call you back. I- rather' think there's a. man there -who will speak to nobody but you." • I got back at once, and saw the " man"" —a gentleman of between forty and fifty —seated in a chair, and-looking very , excited and- exhausted. He had a peculiar appearance. He was prematurely old. .His , hair had been jet black, but was now thickly interspersed with grey and silvery white. His. face had evidently, been handsome, but it was'now sunken and bloated, and his- eye,-now dull andleaden, only at intervals showed gleams of brilliance and power. A glance. told me he was a drunkard. " You are Mr 21'Go van ?" he said, speaking with quiet dignity. " I must speak with you alone.' The room was cleared at once and I waited in quiet • -curiosity for htm to speak. ••• . • s My name is .Ramsay. I have called ^ab&ufc; it'-stearuSre thing - that has been^one^ lo me, whichT don't think that It te'rig^t" for, a quiet inoffensive person like myself to submit to," he began, with growing-eXcitement. " I don't. know who is the; author of the outrage—that you must discover. I spoke of it to my landlady, and she professes to know nothing about it. Perhaps she, too, is in the plot." He appeared to expect an answer, so I. said. " Perhaps. Would you be good enoiigh to state what the outrage wis ?" " Briefly this : I rent a room in Buc-. cleucli street. I have jalways paid the rent' regularly—eight. shillings a week—; and I am bound to confess the landlady has hitherto- been kind and attentive.' I*ast night, however, I suddenly discovered that she had knocked a hole right through the wall at a corner of the room next to the back green. I felt a little cold, of course, but made no complaint, until three or four ferocious-looking wolves came in by the aperture and seized me by the small of the back. I cried out. for they were sucking the very heart out of me, and the moment thclandlady appeared they retreated by thehole and disappeared. Well, what do you think ? When I complained-of them, and t the hole by which they had entered, she had the audacity to say that there was no such a hole there ! Yet.the verv moment she was gone they cime and again fastened on ray back. They have left me so weak "that I could hardly walk here." Before-he had got half of this spoken I saw what -was -wrong. - The man was suffering from delirium tremens. .- "I will bring a_gentleman to.you,who will be able to advise' you much better than I can," I said, and shortly returned with A medical inspector. •My opinion was at once confirmed,- and J the dc-ctor took- me aside and whispered : Take bim home in a cab and send fbr his doctor. He is evidently a gentleman, and would not like the idea of being attended as a pauper by a public medical man," and, then turning to the visitor, he talked to him smoothingly. andvgoodhumoredly till the cab had arrived. I accompanied him, and had to listen to. some'strange talk on the way. *"I know I can trust you," he said, confidentially, " but there is one point which I may tell you I have not yet touched upon. . I am' afraid I will not be allowed to enter my room, even when we get there." '•.Not enter your room !—and why !" " Because when I was leaving I heard some officers from Ireland -enter and take possession of it, saying -they were- In search of me as a Fenian." To soothe him I assured him that .1 would soon send , the "officers" to the right-about. He appeared pleased, but soon began on another tack from which he was not so easily diverted. "Would :you -believe-it—they are. also plotting against me to steal my watch." I glanced at his waistcoat. No traces of a watch were visible. "Ah, you need not look there for it." he put in qpiekly. "It- is too valuable to be carried. I will show it to you when we get to the lodging. It was my mother's. It is nearly a hundred "years old, and was once in the possession of George H. They say that the carving on.it is never equalled nowadays." I thought that the watch and its belongings were the offspring of- his own disordered brain, but I was "wrong. I said I would be g-lad to look at it. 'And who are they that wish to steal It?" I asked,fancying at the moment that he looked tolerably sane. The unsettled look returned to his eyes. "I-don't know," he said, fidgeting uneasily. "Perhaps you can .find out that for me. Of this, however, I am almost certain— she is one of them." "Who?" "My landlady." The words were given in an excited whisper, and with an impressive laying of the finger on the lip. The cab stopped at the same moment. The landlady, a decent-looking, hardworking widow, appeared greatly relieved at the sight of her lodger. One look passed between us, and we understood each other perfectly.: As for the lodges he walked into the kitchen and quietly sat down on one of the well-scrubbed chairs. "Oh, I'm sae gled ye've brocht him back again," whispered the landlady with tears in her eyes. "He wad hae oot, an* I was frichten oot o' my judgment wi' his ongauns, so I jist let 'urn gang." "Have his medical man here immediately, I said quietly. "I will stay till you come back, and try and get him to bed. Your house will be quite safe with me," and I mentioned my name and employment, and she hurried off. "Hadn't you better go into your own room now?" I suggested to Mr Ramsay. "3, would prefer it much to sitting here, it is so cold," he shiveringly replied; "'but the officers—they are waiting for me?" " "Oh, I soon will get rid of them," I said. : moving towards the door. He jumped and caught me by the arm. "No, no, you would only irritate them,'.* he fearfully whispered. "Still, if you would go in and say that the gentleman is cold, and would be obliged if they would let him come in,, , perhaps they would stretch a point, and allow it." I nodded, got into the room, and returned with the word that, it was "all right."" Then he followed me like a child. When he got Into the room, he began fumbling away under the bed-tick, as if in search of something, and I had a moment to look round. All his things were arranged with great neatness and care.. Among other articles which caught my eye was a shining little japanned tin box standing on the top of a neat letter-rack, and' legiblylettered—Cash. My reason for mentioning it in particular will appear before I am -lone. Another fact may as well be borne in mind—the house being on the first floor, to raise the window and step out into the back green would hot only have b^en practicable, but easy. . Well, who then was the thief? I. turned to my companion. . His 'srm was aow buried to this shoulder between the bed tick and the mattress, and to my surprise he pulled it forth, and with it a magnificent gold watch. He placed it in tny hands for IiiEpec-.. tion. and I must say that his encomiums Jiad not been in the least extravagant. It was a splendid, piece, of workmanship. The figures 1 carved on the back stood out fully an eighth of an inch in relief. . • X praised it and admired it warmly, saw him. stow it away in its • hiding place, and then induced him to strip himself and get into bed. Soon--the doctor arrived, and I turned to leave. ' •"Watch- her—keep youi, eye, on her!' he eagerly whispered to me, 'with Ms' -eye, fixed, fearfully on the landlady,; "I'm sure she wishes to steal it-I Would" .rather ;ose my life than that watch. Will jrou promise, Mr—SIr-4L"ve forgotten .'your'came?" - \- "I promise—she si.all not touch It if I know it" He appeared relisved—smiled out faintly,' and bade me gooft day. Then 1 left,' and saw him no more. But I heard about him. One day, about a week after, the landlady appeared at the office wringing her hands and crying most bitterly. She asked for me, hut it was some time be-: fore she was calm enough to give me •tfie following-particulars. Mr Ramsay, her lodger,-was dead. After I had left, him, and he had taken a composing draught; he had appeared to be:a good deal "better.so much so that at night -his .own request that. Jie should be left alone .was complied with. In the middle ot the night, however, the,landlady was awakened .by hearing him rummaging about the room,, and shutting and opening windows, dedrs^ and boxes. The sounds did not cease or abate in any degree. On the contrary, they went on increasing till she imagined he was performing a rapid race round the Voom, overturning. everything as he ran. A sudden booming crash made her leap out of bed and rush into the room. A woeful scene of wreck met her eyes.- A splendid mirror was smashed to atoms, and the : floor .and fireplace was one litter. of - broken . china, ornaments, books; ^papers, chairs; bottles, and other nightshirt quite unhurt," chuckling 'quietly to himself, and remarking that he. had had a grand chase after them: round the corners " like a , steam engine." Of course, he : was -put . to bed, and watched unremittingly by the landlady from that • time ; but this appeared to be the last effort of the dreadful malady, for. hergradually sank, and in two days was no more. Now came the cause of the landlady's distress. His friends had :!>een telegraphed for.aiid had arrived- that morning. The first thing they looked for was the gold watch he had shown me. It was gotie. The- room was searched, and : every box "ransacked in vain. Then some strange Uw4ks, and some words— perhaps heedlessly dropped—caused the honest widow, to st.-*rt round and hotly demand whether they thought she' had stolen it? Some awkward words followed, and then, bursting into tears, the widow came running all the way to the office to seek-my advice. "Did you look between the bed-tick and the mattress?" I asked. "No." - "J will go" with.you; T think you .wili • find it there." I went, but we did not find it there. I looked foolish, and felt angry. I had made sure of finding it where I had seen him hide it, Mr Ramsay's brother, who had superintended the process,, appeared equally puzzled and concerned. I turned to the landlady. "Has no one else been in the room?'-' "Ng% body, sir, as I'm a leeving wo-, man. He- had sae mony valuable things ^that I was feared, an' keepit the door aye locked, an* the key in my pocket." "Who" dressed the body.?. Xsuppqse.it was dressed before it was taken into the' other room?": "I dressed him myself. Oh. sir. I hae been as carefu" o' his tilings as if they were my ain. and I wadna wrang a. flea,** tearfully returned the landlady. "I canna, for the life o' me, think hoo the watch has gaen amispin'." I ran my eye round the room in as complete a maze as herself. Everything had been tidied up, but I missed something. ... "Who cleaned up the room?" I asked a little sharply. \- "I cleaned it up myself." "Then, where did you put the little japanned box -that- stood on the lettei rack there?" never, saw-jilt I h'aena seen It for aboot a week, I think; no* since that day you' brocht him hame." "That's strange." "Yes, I thocht sae, though he n&ver; kept onything in it. ain' I spoke tae him aboot it next day," "You did. Wfell, what did he say?" "He said something, but he didna speak it t-ae me. He whispered it tae the doctor." " And you have never seen the box since?" - "No; I dinna believe it's the hoose." "Very good... Perhaps the. watch arid it have gone. together. Don't worry yourself about them,. Mrs .Reid; perhaps they are'safe enough :" and I at once took leave and .made my'way to George scuare. I found the doctor at home, ana with some difficulty obtained an. interview. "Did Mr Ramsay entrust you with any article of value—a watch, for instance?" I asked, when I had introduced myself. \- He stared. "Never," he said at last. "Never hinted at such a thing." Whew ! Here was a blow to my hopes. "Not a little cash' box, made of japanned tin?" I added, still faintly clinging to the idea. i • "Nothing—nothing." "Do you not remember seeing such an article on the table in his room?" "I cannot say that I do." "Try to think. When you were in the room the day alter you were called in did the landlady, in your hearing, not ask. Mr Ramsay ..about such a. box?" "Yes, I believe she did." "Can you recollect his answer?" "Yes. it was an odd one. He whispered to me that she wished to rob him of his watch." "Did he saj- anything more on the subject?" "Not a word. He was only raving ; but I am certain he spoke no more, about the watch while I remained." That was all that I could get out of him. As I came away my reflections were of a rather rueful character. Here was a pretty mess to unravel. A watch was gone, and with it an empty tin box; and, so far as I could judge, no ordinary thief had taken it. From the first, I may say, I laid it down that the widow was the rub. Had we only known how the watch had rone—had a burglary -been, committed, a pocket picked, or a dishonest person admitted to the room— the tracking of the criminal would have been plain sailing. A minute description of the missing articles was distributed among the whole force, and the whole city—slums,brokers, known receivers, pawnshops, and jewellers—overhauled.and ransacked. But we didn't get them.' Worse, we didn't so much as hear of them. I was neither surprised nor disappointed. It was exactly what I had anticipated. But I was surprised when I received the following scrap of writing one afternoon a few days later. It was brought to the head office in breathless haste by ragamuffin, and wi'itten in pencil:— ' Come with the bearer. I've found the lid of the cash box. 'A little boy had a ! string tied to it, and was using it as a go-cart, at "the head of the West Port. I'm waiting here for his father coming in from his wort " M'SWEENY. West. Port, 4.30. I at once got to the house— the squalid garret of an Irish laborer—and found; M'Sweeny .riaking himself useful by handling a refractory child on his knee, and sympathising!y condoling with the mother. He showed jne the japanned lid, and," though it was a good deal scratched, I .taiew it at once. He had ; noticed it in the Child's possession on the street, had got but of him that "his father save it him," had taken him home, arid was now patiently waiting for his father to make his appearance. We had not long to -wait. He came in hot, tirea, and dusty, and'" naturally looked surprised at finding strangers awaiting him. . I.showed.him the. lid. "••Where did you get that?" : •„•, { "Sure I found it—there's" 3 ®© harm in; that, is there?" "Not the least. Can you remember where you found it?" "Faith I can. *Twas in front of a watchmaker's shop in the Lothian road.** , ."Which—the one neay the shop?'* "Yes. It was lying: among the sweepings. The box was there, too. 3>ut it was crosh£ti ariaCbroken, so I didn't lift ft" - ' . "We gave the man a trifle and l^ft the house, taking the lid with us. Two minutes' walk brought ns to the watchmaker's shop in the liOthlan road. Before entering we took a look at the "window. -All at once we both whistled right out, and incredulously faced each other. . ' There, staring us in the face, with its beautifully-carver" 1 back turned outwards. was the missing watch. •Unlike every other watch in the -window. it had no ticket or price attached. We entered the shop and were at once attended to by a young lad, who, I was glad to say, aid not know either of us. "Would you let me see that gold watch with the carved back now in the window?" It was placed in my hand, and if ' had any doubt as to its identity it must have vanished at once., ."'""-' i "What is the price?" I carelessly in- quired- "I rather think there is no prici put upon it yet" was the answer. "It has only been in the window a few hours. We only got it last night" "Ah. I see. We belong to the detective staff, will you let me look at your book containing the entries for vesterday?" "I can let you see the book, but I don't think you will find that entered in it." *'And why?" '"Because we didn't buy it" "Didn't ,bny it?. Then .who left it?" , "An intimate' friehd Of my father's.*: He left it on condition that if we sold it he would give us whatever commission we £ chose to ask on-the transaction." "His name and address? ' He opened the back of the watch, took out a thin slip, aad read: "James Nelson, No. —, - Fountain Bridge." "Very good. I must see Mr James Nelson. This watch has been stolen, and it is almost certain that we will be forced to take possession of it; but in the meantime I will leave it here with mycompanion. While I am gone you had better send for your father."' ~ "I will. But if it has been stolen I'm sure Mr Nelson cannot be the thief, for he is a sterling, upright, religious man." "Then he will be able to account for having it in 'his possession. Till he does so he is presumably the thief." I said no more, but left the shop, crossed over into Fountain Bridge, and. with some hunting found the house—a halffiat on. the third storey. I heard them singirig.a hymn inside, so I waited till they had finished, and then gently rang the bell. An elderly woman — his wife, as I found—admitted me and showed me into the kitchen, where was seated the man I sought . He was a fine-lookinr old man, a trifle stern, perhaps, in his bearing, but in appearance the very antipodes of a thief. An- open Bible lay on the table " before him. He looked up In surprise, but laid aside hia spectacles .at ondfe, and . at my request dismissed his wife and daughter. -.'. * "Yoil left a gold watch with the watchmaker over there to sell?" -. "I did." - - -' •- - "Where did you get it?" His eyes fell, and he appeared confused. Still, it was not the confession of guilt. I could make that much out, and wondered accordingly. "What right have you to ask?" he said at last, having taken time to think. "The best of rights. I am a detective. The watch .been stolen, and i have traced it to you. Where cUd you get it?" "Weil, then, if you must know — I found it." . "A likely story/' " . He rose from his seat and looked me full in the face with his own flushed to the eyebrows. ... . "Sir, I am not-a Ilitri".; • - '-• I felt rebuked, and ^aid so. "Well, then," I said, frankly, taking his ; hand, "if you are not the thief, tell me all you know about It." "Well, sir, you mus. know that last week a favorite cat of ours died, and it being about flitting time my wife did not like the idea of throwing it into the street to be kicked about like a tin pan by the street boys, and she asked me to bury it in the green at the back of the house." I looked out of the window. "There is 110 green at the back of the house."" "Not here; but we were in No. —, BnccJeuch street, then." "Buccleuch street! Ho, ho.! Well, proceed." " I took the cat down, but while digging my trowel struck something hard. I thought it was a stone, and put in my hand to pick it out But it wasn't—it was a small japanned tin box. I shook it I slipped it into my pocket, hastily finished burying the eat, and hurried off to my work. The first quiet corner I came to I opened the box and found a round bundle of flannel, and inside of it'the gold watch you speak Of." Well, why didn't you at once give it up to the police ?" "Because. I've heard that they just keep the things that are found when they are not claimed, and the finder gets nothing. I believe I did wrong in that." "You m ost certainly did, as you may find presently to your cost." "But I advertised it" "Where? When?" "Wheneer I found it—in the 'Scotsman.' " "Have you. the paper handy " He produced it and I read the following scrap, in. an obscure corner;— Watch found. Owner may have it on describing it and where lost, and paying this. No. 1358. "I'm afraid this won't save you much. Why did you not give a more lucid description?" "Because I was afraid someone might apply for it who had no right to it" "But why did you conclude that it. was yours, and you had a right to sell it because no one applied for it in the short space of a week?", "I'll tell you the truth, sir, I really did not think the watch had be^en lost." "What then?" .. - "The watch was -so old-fashioned that I thought pVaus it had been buried there hundreds of years ago, and that the owners were long since dead." "Well, even in that case, don't you know all treasure trove belongs to the Crown? You would have lost nothing : by giving up either, for it is customary to present the finder with full value in' the coin of the realm." "I certainly have heard something of such a law, but where was I to find the- Crown?" "Through any of its appointed agents —the police, the revenue, the magistrates and so fbrth.' But surely you are not so Ignorant or silly as to think that they used japanned tin cash boxes hundreds of years ago to -hide away their treasure in?" "I don't know. I did not think of that" "I am sorry for you, but I m;-.y tell you plainly I think you'll suffer for.it It will be a matter of imprisonment at least." He was ashy-white in a moment from alarm, and the tears crept into his eyes as he incredulously gasped out:— "You—you cannot mean that, you're joking." "I «m not. I never was more serious in my life. You'll have to come-with me. You've got yourself into an ugly mess, and I can only hope that you will get out of it safe." He was shaking like a leaf oows Indeed, his agitation became so great that I hadLto help him to put on his things. "What a pity I did not tell my^wife about it," he groaned at last when he was ready to go. --"She would have advised me rightly." "Did you not tell her even?!' . "I said nothing about it to anybody." That only made it look worse. I thought so; but his pallcr and pitiable lock put a seal em my Hps. . There was a nice crying' match when] his wife and daughter were Summoned andjnformed of the abate of-affaire; but there was nothing etee.for it—be must go ann be locked' tip -in. ,gaol like any ordinary felon." - f|j - «, HJs wife went off-Tib grerri: distress to tSi her minister, while he followed me to thp watchmaker's. The master himself had arrived, r-nd from him I learned howit happened that the japanned box had accidentally been broken and thrown out with the sweepings. Great efforts were made to. save Nelson from the -ignominy-of. a public convlction—for he was really respected by a 5 verv wide circle of acquaintances, and. I believe, at the bottom a good man—but the offence was of too great a nature to be passed over. Owing to the influence brought to bear on. his case, and some evidence which-cropped up-to confirm his story, he was not convicted of theft, but wilful detention of property. He got thirty days, and I have no doubt came out of prison a wiser snd inoref 1 honest man in the deepest sense of the word. The ssjne evidence which saved him explained how the watch and box came to be 1 buried in the green. Very late on . the night before the watch was found an ailing resident in an opposite house saw —or fancied that he saw—the ghost of a man -clad in white get out at a low window and furtively dig a hole and bury something, in it after .which he leaped in again, closed the window, and was seen no more. The window was proved to be that of the room occupied by Mr Ramsay, and the night on which the ghost emerged , from it was the identical' one on which he "chased them; round the corners like a steam engine." : With the cunning-of a maniac, and under the impression that he was about to robbed of his darling watch, he had buried it-outside his window. And had he recovered—and no. cat died in the fiai; overhead—it is probable that to this day he would never have known or remembered what became of the japanned tin cash box. " Dundee Evening Star.") 