The Light That Cast no Shadow. CURIOUS stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live np among the Himalaya mountains. These old men,. it, is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the "adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for- the purpose nf fioding out ihe secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scnrvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient. Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. " Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed tfiat it had one strange quality-it cast not tJte slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man pf vaBt learning and and high character, -and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbefief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited the tale of the "Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from bis experience ? Take an example : " In the spring of 1888," writes our cor respondent, " I fell into a low, weak and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eatiDg I had pain and weight at the chest. . I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later' on I« suffered from nervousness and great depres sion of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. OS and on I continued in this way for two' years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I beard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply,: After I bad taken only a few doses I-found relief ; my food digested and gradually all nervousness left me. Al though I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, s never having used it or seen it used, I now* gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the 'best of health and spiritB. In the interests of suffering humauity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Grif fiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8tb, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr,' Griffith's candid letter, and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it canppt be .verified without more troutoiethap.it :is worth. . . On the other hand, "we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease-indigestion or dyspepsia ; it cureB that, aad throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homeB where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 