THE MERCURY. HOBART, MONDAY NOV. 28, 1898. EPITOME OF NEWS. Schooner Garfield, 81 tons, wrecked on King's Island. Crew saved. Adjourned meeting of Institute of Sur- veyors on December 1. Annual meeting of Derwent and Tamar Fire Assurance Co. on 12th prox. Entries for Butchers Racing Club's spring meeting on December 7, close to-day. Potatoes in Clarence district affected by some peculiar disease affecting the haulms and leaves. Queenstown residents agitating for con- struction of tracks direct to Jukes and Huxley. G. M. Schilling the "round the world" pedestrian, left Hobart for the West Coast by steamer on Saturday. Silver. 27¾d. Anti-Anarchism Conference opened at Rome. Fifty State representatives present. Madame Dreyfus permitted to telegraph to her husband, who is still imprisoned. Chief Justice Sir Samuel Griffith is gradually recovering health. German practical metallurgists make 3 per cent, copper ore pay for working. Suggestion made for establishing a Vic- torian wine bonded depot in London. Heavy fighting in Benin, West Africa, between Royal Niger Company's forces and troublesome natives. Reforms in Turkey are being impressed upon the Sultan by his Ministers as abso- lutely necessary. British public not liberally subscribing to the West Indies disaster fund. British Government coming to the rescue. French designs in Italy looked upon with grave suspicion by the European press. British Board of Agriculture prohibits export of old horses to Belgium for sausage purposes. At Maribyrnong on Saturday the Hurdle Race was won by Field-Marshal, and the Steeplechase by Warrior. London County Council has prohibited Sunday concerts at which a charge is made for admission. Woman arrested at Footscray on a charge of mudering her infant by administering spirits of salts. At Randwick, on Saturday the Hurdle Race was won by Aboriginal, and the Club Handicap by Linda. Virginian Freemasons celebrate cen- tenary of Washington's death in Decem- ber, 1899. Prince of Wales, as Grand Master of England, to be invited. Mrs. Druce has obtained an order to open grave at Highgate Cemetery to test truth of statement that a dummy corpse has been interred. Dr. Whitmarsh, first sentenced to death, then reprieved, and sentenced for life, is to be now let off with 12 years' imprison- ment. Middleton got collar-bone brokon in the 25 mile cycling race at Melbourne on Saturday. Others, including Tasmanians, had narrow escapes. "Austral cycling meeting was commenced at Melbourne on Saturday. Tasmanians not yet prominent. Twenty-five mile race won by A. C. Forbes. ON September 25 last, at Turin, at 10 o'clock in the morning, in the Great Hall of the University, the celebration was begun of the hundreth anniversary of the birth of Count FREDERICK SCLOPIS. Most persons, no doubt, will wonder who Count SCLOPIS was, and ask why his birth- day should be celebrated by a grand demonstration in which were united men of many nations, men differing widely in opinion on many subjects, but all of the same mind in regard to one. The answer is, that Count SCLOPIS was the President of the arbitration tribunal which was ap- pointed to deal with The Alabama difficulty, and what the persons had come together to celebrate was, the effectual beginning of the era in which arbitration shall supersede war in the settlement of national differences. The assembly was there to bear testimony to a great principle. It was there to proclaim that " the reign of violence is o'er." It was called together by the International Peace Association to show to the world that the example set by Great Britain was accepted by the repre- sentatives of all the civilised nations, and to proclaim that the intolerable burden of ever-growing armaments must be abolished in the interests of mankind. Amongst those present were a number of Englishmen and ladies, the former of whom, we may suppose, felt much more warm towards the general principle than the manner in which it worked out on the occa- sion celebrated. For, if there was ever an example of an arbitration which did not do justice, which was in the nature of a swindle, it was that known as The Alabama, in which damages were given for wrongs never done, for losses never suffered, and actually what were called consequential damages for the indirect results of the doings of the Confederate steamer, The Alabama. To this day, we believe, no one has been found entitled to receive a considerable portion of the award made by the tribunal, but it has never occurred to the Government of the United States to pay the money back, so that the whole business is not a nice one, however we may regard it. No doubt, as some argue, the arbitration was much cheaper proceeding than war by a very great deal, but, still, it does not follow that war would have been the result if Great Britain had declined to go to arbitration on a claim that was simply monstrous in its conception. On the contrary, it is probable that if Great Britain had been as firm with the United States as she was in regard to the arrest of MASON and SLIDELL, the two Confederate envoies, or as she has been with France of late, there would have been no war, but a reasonable settlement of any legitimate claim that could be proved. However, in those days Great Britain had Minister who had great ideas and a weak back-bone, with the natural result that he has left difficulties to be over- come which are tenfold greater than they need have been. Still, the fact is recognised that Great Britain made a great sacrifice in a great cause. The principle was laid down that nations ought to find some better method than war for the settlement of their differences, and Great Britain showed her sincerity in a way and at a sacrifice which places her foremost in a moral aspect amongst the nations of the world. A certain number of half-Romanised British and a considerable portion of the French people are fond of declaring that the British have no ideas, but the aboli- tion of the Slave Trade and this arbitration case are unique in the history of the world. They stand out as great acts done by a great nation on moral grounds alone. They are evidence that one nation at least has a conscience. They show that the abused middle-class, what the French call I'epicier class and so much de- spise, has a moral foundation which has not been shown by any other. This is the one great fact recognised and celebrated at Turin, by men and women of all nations, and which is the very highest testimomy that the Latin race could bear to what is called the Anglo-Saxon. One of the speakers at the Assembly, M. FREDERIC PASSY, a Frenchman, struck the koynote when he said that one result of the labours of many statesmen and philanthropists has been to create " the spirit ef dis- armament," the disarmament moral. Though this phrase may appear at first a little grotesque, a sample of what may be called French rhetoric, it does connote a fact of no little value and importance. The world has, we be- lieve, advanced in its conception of the moral duty of striving to arrange international disputes by peaceful means, a conception to which the recent peace proposal of the CZAR OF RUSSIA has given great emphasis. Nearly all the nations have agreed to discuss the project to constitute a Peaceful Confederation of Nations, in the words of Lord SALISBURY. Such A project may, probably will not, result in any practical action, yet the effect of it has been already felt, and will be more felt as time goes on. At first sight we may smile at the contrast between the words and the acts of Russia, the proposal of a dis- armament and orders for new war vessels in the same breath, and yet we must not overlook the fact that the world does not proceed logically, and may usefully do contradictory things at the same time. Certain questions, of course, do not admit of arbitration, no matter how reasonable it may seem. Great Britain is not, and should not be, prepared to arbitrate about her position in Egypt or in Africa gener- ally, for there the action of France has proved to her that she must rely on her own power to defend what she holds to be her rights. France is not prepared to arbitrate about the lost Provinces, we may doubt whether any- thing is be done by arbitration in China, but still we must recognise the fact that the spirit of arbitration is clearly making way. The International Bureau of Peace in its report claims that a great deal has been done, and the claim is not without warrant. It is true that the expulsion of the Turks from Crete is hardly an example of arbitration, but rather one of the concert of the Powers to repress misrule and disorder. Other examples cited, such as the settlement of the dispute between Great Britain and France about the mouths of the Niger, are not arbitrations at all, though they evince the existence of the spirit of arbitration. But, the question between France and Brazil, between Italy and the Argentine Republic, between Great Britain and Venezuela, between Great Britain and the United States as to the Fisheries, and other matters, are really arbitra- tions pure and simple. Other dis- putes about Siam, Tunis, and China, are settled, or getting themselves settled, by diplomacy, but, we may remind the Peace Society, not without a very considerable display of force. We are, no doubt, gaining something, probably a great deal, but the duty still remains to keep our powder dry. Take away the British Fleet as an element in the discussions, and where would Great Britain be in China, in Egypt, or in Africa? There is the question of Delagoa Bay, which the Peace Society thinks would be a very proper one for arbitration, but which Great Britain will not regard as one about which there is any question to be decided. It is, once again, a case of j'y suis, j'y reste. The wolf does not arbitrate with the lamb, but two wolves may fiad it desirable to avoid mutual de- struction. This is why there will be disarmament, but the modern wars promise to be so terrible as to render an agreement most necessary to avoid fearful losses. This is, we take it, the best card that the Peace Society has to play, and is one reason, after all, why the spirit of arbitration is abroad. Let us hope, with General TUR, that it is a small tree planted which will grow from more to more, until the whole world shall find shelter under its branches. THE great interest taken in the appoint- ment of Commissioner of Police was shown on Friday in many ways, all the way along the railway from Launceston to Hobart. The guards were questioned at every station at which the train stopped by persons who wished to learn if they had any informa- tion from Launceston, where the Cabinet had met that day, but as no decision had been arrivrd at there was nothing to disclose. We had had a number of visitors at our office on Friday evening to learn what had been done, but were, of course, unable to give any information beyond the fact that the matter had been discussed, and that the appointment would be notified in a short time. We may now state that the final steps will be taken some time dur- ing the present week, as soon, in fact, as the Premier arrives from the North-West Coast. As matters have reached such an advanced stage, it may be asked why the appointment was not at once made, to which we can but answer that the reason is known only to Ministers, and that we hope it is a good one. In order to relieve the minds of some persons who have a fear of the ad- vent of a stranger from abroad, we may state that the person appointed will be found to be a resident of the colony, and one not unknown to the public. During the present week the natural curiosity of many persons will be probably gratified, and let us hope that their judgment will be satisfied also. Whoever takes the office should take care that he is free to act for the general welfare, apart from all kinds of influence, for he will have a difficult and a delicate task to perform, one that will tax his firmness as well as his patience. It is understood that as few changes as possiblo will be made, and that the positions of those who have done the State some service will be respected. In time, no doubt, certain changas will be found to be desirable, even absolutely necessary, but caution should be exercised in regard to every innovation. The public in the South expect to see some change made in the administration of justice, and we may take for granted, we suppose, that the incompatible offices of Police Magistrate and Commissioner will be separated. They were united for economical reasons, but there is no reason why their union should be continued any longer. Lot us hope that Ministers have proved equal to the occasion, and have decided to do the work thoroughly now that they are about it. NEWS from the Cape that there is a possibility of Australian meat being admitted free, or almost free, from present prohibitive duty, and that cold storage will be established so that the supplies may be regularly maintained, is good news, indeed, for Australian graziers and meat preserving companies. To the Cape people it means relief in the broadest sense of the word, a possibility of seeing on their tables joints of wholesome beef and mutton, at present unattainable except at well-nigh famine prices. The subject has been well talked out in the Cape Parliament, where debate on the Increase of Customs Duties Bill has led to expression of opinions that, howsoever necessary some increases may be, the taxes on absolute necessaries of life would have to be reduced. With bread at 3d. per lb., and mutton at 1s., Protection had practically neutralised high wages and rendered the lot of the working-class most unenviable. In a report of recent proceed- ings in the Cape Assembly one member declared that the only meat people holding respectable positions could afford to put on their tables was rough sort of beef, the cuttings sold for soup. Vegetables they never saw, for there was no money left to buy them. Proper clothing and education for children were also beyond the means of wage-earners, because of the drain on their purses involved by the necessaries of life. Admitting that Protection had been, and still is, in some degree necessary in the interest of farmers, the opinion has forced itself upon Cape legislators that taxation had reached a point of intensity beyond the ability of the poorer class of taxpayer to meet without personal distress. In the Legislative Council early in the current month Ministers were asked whether the taxpayers had paid over a million sterling to protect flocks and herds from rinderpest, whether only 40 per cent, loss had occurred from that disease, while oxen and sheep had immensely increased in value? Also whether, under the circum- stances, it could be made possible, even as a temporary mensure, to take Off entirely, or in part, the duty on frozen meat, and to remove any impediments preventing im- ported meat being sold in provision shops ? This has resulted effectively, and between Cape and Australian colonists one of the strongest bonds of sympathy will be created, a commercial bond of demand and supply. The position of the Cape and Tasmania is somewhat similar, though depletion has arisen from different causes. Scarcity of meat has, in each instance, compelled protectionist administrations to temporarily relax restrictions. While Cape people will get Australian frozen meat, Tasmanians will have had fresh meat in better supply, and what is of far greater importance, our farmers will have had opportunity to import live sheep, wherewith to stock pastures and runs that would otherwise lie waste, and in thus stocking will ensure better supplies for the future. The cargoes of sheep now pouring in on the North-West Coast prove this particular advantage in the remission of meat duty. ANNIE WARD DISASTER. -We have re- ceived the following amounts, and shall be glad to acknowledge further donations :- Already acknowledged, £3 6s. ; X, 2s. ; R. Snowden, £ 1 1s. ; O. G. Morrisby, 5s. ST. DAVID'S INDUSTRIAL SOCIETY.— Entries for the competitions under the auspices of the St. David's Industrial Society close to-day. THE ULVERSTONE BURNIE RAILWAY EXTENSION. -A large number of tenders have been already received for this work, including some from mainland contractors, although the time during which tenders may be sent in to the Public Works Department does not expire until Thursday next, December 1. The time for construc- tion of the line, which will be only some 18 miles in length, has been fixed at 18 months. Progress of the work will con- siderably liven up the district. MUNICIPAL. - The Municipal Council will meet to-day, at the Municipal Council chamber, at 4 o clock, when the following business will have consideration :- Public Works : Re verandah limits. Waterworks : On letter received from Mr. J. Paget, re water pipe Park-street. Health and sani- tary : Re contract for the removal of night- soil. THE ANTARCTIC EXPEDITION. -The s.s. Southern Cross with the members of the Antarctic expedition on board may be expected hourly to arrive at Hobart. The Council of the Royal Society who are arranging to extend a welcome to the leader of the expedition, Mr. C. E. Borch- grevink, the scientific staff, officers, and crew, have completed all arrangements. It is intended to take the form of a conver- sazione at the Town-hall. His Excellency the Governor, Viscount Gormanston, will preside, when addresses of welcomo will be presented to the leader from His Worship the Mayor, the Government, the Council of the Royal Society, the Chamber of Commerce, and the Marine Board. The Council of the Royal Society have received letters of welcome from all the leading scientific societies of Australasia, which will be read at the meeting. During the evening Mr. T. Julian Haywood (the City Organist) will play a selection of national airs on the grand organ. Admission will be by invitation ticket. MASONIC. -The members of Lodge of Peace, No. 7 T.C., held their installation meeting at Hamilton-on-Forth on Friday, 25th inst., when there was a good muster of members and visitors, the latter coming from Devonport, Latrobe, and Hobart. The R. W. Deputy Grand Master (Bro. J. G. Davies, M.H.A.) acted as installing officer, assisted by M.W. Past Pro GrandMaster Bro. Peter Barrett, and several Grand Lodge officers, Bro. the Right Hon. Sir Edward Braddon, who had been re-elected, being installed as Worshipful Master. The following officers were also installed and invested :- S.W., Bro. J. Berry ; .J.W., Bro. Rev. J. Green ; secretary, W., Bro. R. Scott ; treasurer, Bro. A. Gardiner ; S.D., Bro. C. Henderson ; J.D., Bro. J. Mills ; I.G., Bro. G. Bonney ; O.G., W. Bro. G. E. Hayes. At the conclusion of the business an adjournment was made to the Bridge Hotel, where a sumptuous banquet had been tastefully laid out, the profusion of flowers in the decorations evoking general admiration. The banquet and attendance reflected great credit on Host Gardiner. The speeches were short, as many of the visitors had to drive home that night, and with the assistance of musical brethren a very enjoyable hour was spent. ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. -Yesterday afternoon the Right Rev. Dr. Delany ad- ministered the Sacrament of Confirmation in St. Mary's Cathedral. There were 104 candidates, of whom about 20 were adults. The women and girls numbered 64, and the men and boys 40. The procession of the candidates entering the Cathedral was a very pretty sight, the female portion being clothed in white, with white veils, and the males wearing red rosettes. Among the girls was the Hon. Ismay Preston, daughter of his Excellency the Governor. The Bishop addressed those about to be con- firmed, and explained the nature of the solemn and sacred rite to be conferred upon them. He exhorted them to be faithful to the obligations which they contracted that day, and to strictly fulfil the duties which their religion imposed upon them. The candidates then advanced two and two, and kneeling before the Bishop were "signed" by him "with the sign of the cross, and confirmed with the chrism of salvation in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." At the close of the ceremony the Bishop recited, with those confirmed, the prescribed prayers, and gave them the blessing. The juvenile choir, under Mr. McCann, ren- dered some hymns very sweetly during the progress of the ceremony. I have tried all Curries, but NAWAD SHAH beats them all. An eminent con- noisseur. "ST. COLUMBA'S CHURCH, LESLIE. -Dur- ing the terrible bush fires of last summer many homesteads and buildings of various kinds fell before the devouring element. Among these was the pretty little church which stood on the elevated site near the Halfway-house, Huon-road. Not only the church itself, but the sacred vestments and vessels, and all the furnishings were en- tirely destroyed. Father Holehan, the pastor of the district, lost not only his church but the house in which he lived, with all it contained-he and his sister barely escaping with their lives. Since that (day of terror the Catholics of the locality have been obliged to practically dispense with the public worship of God, there being no building wherein the cele- bration of mass could take place. Lately, however, Father Holehan has let a con- tract to Mr. John Tew for the erection of a new church on the site of the old one, and His Grace the Archbishop yesterday drove from Hobart to Leslie to bless and lay the foundation-stone of the new building. The priests of Hobart being all engaged with their Sunday work, His Grace was accompanied by three of the altar boys from the cathedral. Father Holehan received the Archbishop on arrival. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone took place at 3 o'clock, when a considerable number of the resident Catholics and others were present. The Archbishop addressed those present on the life and virtues of Saint Columba, under whose patronage the new church was to be dedicated to the worship of Almighty God. He hoped the new church would surpass in beauty the one destroyed by fire some months ago, and congratulated pastor and people on the start made in the good work. Fortunately, the old church had been insured in the South British Insurance Co., but the amount of insurance would not meet the cost of the new build- ing. On the day of opening the new building an appeal will be made to residents and friends to assist in liquidating the increased expenditure. The Arch- bishop, accompanied by Father Holehan and party, reached town shortly after 5 o'clock. NAWAB SHAH Curry Powder. Made from the recipe of an Indian Prince All grocers. REV. A. TURNBULL AT THE TOWN- HALL. -An address, entitled " The Strike of a Sex," was delivered last evening at the Town-hall by the Rev. Archibald Turnbull. Mr. J. Paton presided, and the hall was filled. Mr. Turnbull said that when in 1848 the Chartists demanded, amongst other things, the franchise for the masses, a prophetic objection was made. It was said that if manhood suffrage were con- ceded, womanhood suffrage would next be demanded. That prophecy was being verified in our own time. At periods when reforms were demanded the things asked were usually regarded as absurd, but as time went on and people became more enlightened their reasonable- ness was seen. He had stood upon the platform in Melbourne with a Chartist who had been transported to Tasmania for his principles, but that man had lived to see nearly all he had fought for conceded. Women who now demanded the right to vote were women like Miss Michie, of Melbourne, the daughter of Sir Archibald Michie, Q.C., and she and others of her sex gave such reasons for woman franchise as could not be answered, but were simply ignored or shelved. It was said that women did not ask or want the franchise, but those who did not seek it were the Women who possessed all the luxury and enjoyment of life. Women who had to engage in the struggle of life, and felt there was something wrong in the political machinery, wanted it. At pre- sent working women were creatures of circumstance, and were the mothers of a degenerate and ignoble race. He spoke of the condition of women in England as smiths and nailmakers in the Black Country, and said they were truly de- scribed as " white slaves." The Church of England practically taught that woman was the slave of man, but he himself, when he now performed the marriage service, took upon himself to omit the word " obey" and the phrase " for worse," be- cause a woman should be her "husband's chum," not his subordinate, and no one should take a spouse " for worse." In the course of the evening Miss Bannister, Mr. Lidster, and otheis sang sacred selections. The Curry of Curries, NAWAB SHAH. Ask your Grocer for it. EUCALYPTUS OINTMENT prepared from the Green Leaves of the Tasmanian Blue Gum is a Marvellous Healer of all Wounds, Sores, skin Eruptions, Burns, Scalds, Sore Eyes or Lips, Boils, Ulcers, Bites, or Stings. Being of a rich emerald colour, and having a fragrant odour of the " Blue Gum " leaf, our Ointment is easily distinguishable from that of our imitators. For Coughs. Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, and all catarrahal affections use our Platypus Brand of Ecalyptus Globulus Oil. For Diphtheria, Sore Throat, etc., inhale and spray with Eucalyptus Extract. Tasmanian Eucalyptus Oil Company Limited, Hobart. LADY GORE BROWNE. -Old residents in Hobart will be pleased to hear that Lady Gore Browne, widow of the late Sir Gore Browne, one of the most popular Governors of Tasmania, accompanied by her son. Captain Steward, is staying at Pressland House. Her Ladyship has called upon Sir James Agnew, one of the very few old residents now alive to greet her. It need scarcely be said that Sir James was delighted. It is very possible Lady Gore Browne will remain in Tasmania for some time, at all events during the summer months, medical attendants having recom- mended the change for herself and son, the latter being in somewhat delicate health. GOVERNMENT TENDERS. -The following tenders have been accepted by the Govern- ment :- Public Works Execution Act, 1897-Bridge over Sandfly Rivulet, M. Flynn & Co., £73 14s. 9d. Crown Lands, Act, 1890-Roads, district of Kay-Road to selections of Robinson, Hampton, and others, contract 32, W. C. Watts, £68 5s. Roads, district of Kay-Road to selections of W. H. and E. Johnson and others, con- tract 33, W. C. Watts, £59. Roads, Sea- ham and Seabrook district (parish of Shaw) -Road to selections of Johnson, Cople- stone, and others, contract 14, A. Bessel, £135 78. 1d. -Roads, Upper Piper district— Road to selections of James Naylor, con- tract 92, J. Naylor, sen. £28 13s. 9d. Roads, parish of Underwood-Rooa to J. Hammersley's selection, contract 93, Wm. Hammersley, £15 17s. 3d. Institution for the Blind, Deaf and Dumb, Hobart, new Laundry, etc., Daniel Freeman, £97 15s. Police buildings, Scottsdale, erection of constable's residence, Chas. Adams and Sons, £249 10s. NEW CHURCH AT BELLERIVE. -At a representative meeting of parishioners held at St. Mark's, Bellerive, the rector of Clarence (Rev. F, B, Sharland), in the chair, the present state of the building fund for the new church, and means for augmenting the same, formed subject of earnest debate. The treasurer-(Hon. H. Lamb) stated that there was £226 in hand and £78 promised. The roport of the building committee showed that before building operations were begun they must have £600 at their command. A finance committee was chosen, with Mr. Hedley Westbrook as hon, sec., to collect subscrip- tions, and to devise other means of increas- ing the fund. The ladies present intimated that they intended holding a large fair on January 18 next in aid of the fund. ARTILLERY PRACTICE BLUFF BATTERY. —The S.T. Artillery, under the command of Lieut.-Colonel Evans, proceeded at 2.30 p.m. on Saturday in O'May's steamer to the Bluff Battery. Captains Charles and N. E. Lewis, Lieuts. Forrest and Walch, and Quarter-Master Atkins, with Brigade- Surgeon Crouch, P.M.O., in medical charge, were present. The Commandant, Colonel Legge, H.A., was also present during the practice. The following projectiles were fired at a floating target 2,300yds. from the battery, and very fair practice was made :- Five rounds common shell, five rounds shrapnel shell from the 80 pound R.M.L. gun, and six rounds common shell from the 6 pound quick-firing gun. Other detach- ments were exercised with the 8in. R.M.L. 12½ ton guns, and 80 pound R.M.L. gun. Cease firing was sounded, stores replaced, and orders read out that the Commandant would inspect the corps on Monday evening, when long service medals for volunteets would be presented to some members of the corps. The roll was called, showing 69 present. The men returned to the city, and were dismissed at O'May's wharf. The range roport was kept by Q.M. C. Atkins. CALIFORNIAN BROOK TROUT. -On Satur- day Mr. J. Clark, jun., of Ellendale, sent to the Museum some excellent specimens of the Californian trout (Salmo fontinalis) caught at the Jones' River, which stream runs through the village of Ellendale. It is satisfactory to learn that this excellent fish has been successfully established in the district of Ellendale. The Californian brook trout, which is spoken of as a very game fish, was first introduced from America to New Zealand about the year 1881\. Shortly afterwards the late Mr. W. Tarleton, Police Magistrate of Hobart, induced the then Salmon Commis- sioners of Tasmania to send for a supply from that colony to Tasmania. The Fisheries Commissioners of the United States speak of the brook trout as " the most beautiful game fish of the Philadelphia State, abundant in the mountains and the eastern counties, everywhere in clear water. So much has been said, written, and printed concerning this beautiful game fish that it would seem like gilding reiined gold to attempt anything more. Everybody has heard of it, everybody believes it to be the best pan fish in the world ; in the essential points of flavour and solidity, good keeping qualities, etc., it clearly stands without a rival." It is said most extravagant prices are paid for them in America by epicures. The existence of such an excellent trout river so near the capital should induce a large number of tourists to visit the Ellendale district. BANKRUPTCY COURT. -A sitting of the Supreme Court in its bankruptcy jurisdic- tion will be held at the Court-house, Mac- quarie-street, this morning at 11 o'clock, His Honor, Mr. Justice Clark, presiding. The matter sot down for hearing is that of Joseph O'Flaherty, of Zeehan, miner. COURT OF REQUESTS. -The following cases are set down for hearing before Mr. Commissioner Shaw, at the Supreme Courthouse, Macquarie-street, to-day at 10 o'clock :- Millhouse v. Oates, Broad v. Chambers, Crawford v. Allwright, Karder v. Wooby. CITY POLICE COURT. -There were no cases for disposal at this Court on Saturday. FIELD TRIAL OF BINDERS. -This trial, inaugurated by the prominent farmers of the Richmond district, was advertised to take place last Wednesday, but owing to heavy rain had to be postponed. The weather being favourable, it took place on Saturday at Woodburn, Mr. T. D. Cosgrove's property at Richmond. The place chosen was an admirable one, and the machines put to work in a nice clean crop of hay. The agents' class proved rather a disappointment, as, although two makers entered (the Massey-Harris, by A. G. Webster & Son, and the Walter A. Wood, by Roberts & Co.), only the Massey Harris faced the starter. It was awarded the prize. In the farmers' class, ten machines carne out, and the task of the judges-Messrs. J. Hanslow, Wm. Brain, and T. H. Perkins-was a most arduous one. After very careful consideration the following awards were made :- First prize to F. Johnson, 49 points, who was mounted on a Massey-Harris machine ; second and third to G. Manning and H. C. Dickson, with 47 points each. These two drove machines by the same maker ; and fourth place to a Wood machine driven by J. Plummer, with 45 points. The attendance was very fair, and all the arrangements were care- fully carried out by a representative com- mittee, with Mr. Chas. Ellis as secretary. PINK-EYED POTATOES. - The present season seems very favourable for the growth of this particular variety of tuber. Mr. O. G. Morrisby, of Sandford, sends us a nice sample, dug on his farm, and of which the seed was sown in June last. The potatoes are all well-shaped, and large sized, one of the lot weighing 20oz. Mr. Morrisby says the sample was not picked, but taker, just as the fork turned them up. The twelve potatoes turned the scale at 11lbs. By Jove ! I have a decent Curry at last. NAWAB SHAH is simply delicious. All Grocers. A FAREWELL. -Lost evening, after the service at the Bellerive Congregational Church, Mr. Thomas Dawson, on behalf of the congregations of the Bellerive, Rokeby, Cambridge and Sandford Churches, pre- sented the Rev. Thomas Taylor, B.A., and Mrs. Taylor with a handsome album of Tasmanian views as a memento of the esteem in which they have been held during their residence in the district, and os a farewell token. Mr. Taylor, who sails for England next Tuesday, feelingly thanked all for the kindly gift, and wished all good-bye. RIVER EXCURSIONS. -The s.s. Huon runs on Mondays and Thursdays to Geeveston, taking tourists for the Hartz mountains. The steamer goes by way of all the Channel ports. On Wednesday next the s.s. Huon will make an excursion to Little Oyster Cove, where a bazaar in aid of church funds will be held. The s.s. Nubeena will run to Taranna to- day, taking visitors for Port Arthur, and will return to Hobart to-morrow. FOR the post 10 years my hair had been exceedingly grey, having become so prema- turely. Being strongly recommended by a friend to try your Restorer, I did so ; one bottle, much to my astonishment, restored it to its original colour, not leaving a single grey hair visible. I have the utmost con- fidence in it, as It even surpassed my most sanguine expectations. Your statement that it is NOT a Dye, but a Restorer, is perfectly correct. Signed '(MRS.) S. B. IRVINE," Ellendale. Sole Proprietor, W. J. C L E W E R, PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMIST, 93, Elizabeth-street, Hobart, PRICE, 2/6 and 3/6. Agents : R. T. Bellemy, Chemist, King-st., Sydney. W. G. Cox, Chemist, Launceston. F. Brown, Chemist, New Norfolk. 