THE GRkTRHET RFpRIR. A NOVEL. tsy ST. GEORGE RATIIBOB.NE. CHARTER XXVIIL— (Continued.) The crazy woman haB advanced close up to the easy-chair, where the supposed figure of Luther Cartaret is seated ; sho creeps forward with a cat-like movement, that sends a shudder through one to observe it. I see the blue llame ot the thmiy-ourning gas shino upon tbo blade of the knife she carries, and I. can guess easily enough to what use sho moans to put it. Now the woman-tigor is "close enough for a sudden spring to land her at the Bide . of the motionless figure ; she seems to be gathering her powers for such a leap, and I know the end has come. Touq'b breathing close to my ear tells me that he is at hand. Rachel Babette must not be allowed to leave that room again — the scene of her terrible crime. Caught in the act, she must bo secured, to prevent further damage. Aa I expect, she makes a sudden lunge forward, and the steel flashes in the gaslight ; we can hoar a dull thud, telling that it has been buried, with all the desperate power of her arm, in the dummy figure of Luther Cartaret. Then comes a wild shriek— the mad woman has discovered the cheat upon her— she leaps back, and glares first at the mock body, and then at the knife eho holds. ' It is a lie 1— another lie, just like the stone at the grave 1 There iB no blood 1 I cannot seo him stare at me 1 I know— this is hiB ghost, and they have set a trap for me to drag me down. I "can see the grinning devils all around me. Keep back, or I will kill you; keep back, you witch of Satan, or I will send this knife through your heart 1' With this last shriek Bho suddenly hurls my heavy hunting-knife like a thunderbolt at a coBtly mirror, in which she has seen a reflection of her own mad self. There is a mighty crash of fall ing glass, and a crazy laugh from the woman. ' Dead I I told you I would do it. That is the way I treat all I hate 1 I was brought up to know the use of a ltnife in Corsica. What! arc there more of you ? And I am unarmed I I will tear your eyes out, you devils 1' With that sho makes a dash at Smithors, who has incautiously ontercd the room, coming from behind the curtains. He has no idea of engaging in a hand- to-hand encounter with this woman, endowed with all the supernatural strength that aecompanios insanity, and consequently, when ho Beea her advancing, he dodges her furious assault and runB, with Rachel in pursuit. Around the library goes the strange chose ; I am inclined to lough, despite the gravity of the case, but realise that Smithera is in a bad fix and needs assistance. Several times she almost seizoa him, but he oscapes by dodging ; chairs are tnmbled over, and it sounds as though Bedlam had broken loose. Above all other sounds rise the sharp cries of the orozy creature, now worked up to a pitch of nervous excitement terrible to witness. I hear a startled exclamation near me, and turn just in time to see Tom Cartaret throw one arm around his sweet wife, who has appeared on the sceno, wild-eyed with minglod wonder and alarm. The noise undoubtedly aroused her from sleep and in her terror ehe had tied downstairs. Thank Heaven 1 there is no longer the shadow of a doubt between those two loving hearts — the past has been cleared up and the future shinee brightly. I realise that something must be done to relievo Smithers, or else he will fall into the hands of his enemy. Tbreo times they have, passed me by ; the woman does' not seem -to notice me, whilo poor Smithers has an appealing look on his face. Trip her tip,' he gasps, ' or I'll .shoot her 1' I do not want him to do this, and hence find myself obliged to carry out his orders. When she passes again I suddenly throw out my foot, and tho woman goes heavily to the floor. Sho is stunned by tho fall, for she does not move. Smithors, broathing hard, pounces upon hiB late pursuer and secures her wriste with a pair of steel: bracelets, bo that she may not be in a con dition to do any further injury when she reoo vers hor senses. Meantime I turn up tho gas. Tom is Btill clasping his wife, tenderly to his heart, and I never saw a happier- looking man in all my life than he appears, with Madge's head nestling against his shoulder. It is almost worth passing through Buch darkness to catch the heavenly light that lies beyond. ,1 am unable to say a word, but, walking over, take a hand of each ; then wo three stand and speak with our eyes. What language could be more eloquent, since it comes from the soul ? Peace with honor ! Victory has crowned our efforts, and tho mystery is solvod. We arc disturbed by Smithers, who lays his hand 'oh my arm. Turning around, I see his brown faco glowing with tho excitement of the reeent chase — and something more. In the hour of my .viotory I am drawn to Smithors more than at any previous time, such is the healthful effect of success. Peters, I want to shake hands with you and congratulate you at the same time. Yob were right, and I was wrong. I have learned a lesson I shall never forget, and I had believed I was too old a hand at this business to pick up any new pointB, especially from a ' ' Greenhorn i' I finish his sentence for him with . a laugh. . ' Ah, fortune ..favored me, my friend. I confess l believed as you did, but my hopes led me the other way.' 1 give hith a look that tells him it is best to say no more on' the subject now, for Madgo is there, watching the scene in wonder from the protecting arms of her husband, who in a- few words tells how we have suspeoted tho truth and laid a trap for ,Raohel Babette. Netyr a word does he say about her own share in the ex citing night's work— that will do to tell later, when the horror of the scone beooraes but a memory. - Iloro we etnnd and talk until Tom leads his wife away to her roout. When he joins us sotno little Jimo later we decide what is to be done with the wretched crenture, who has now re covered her senses, nud glares at us, but utters no sound. She evideutly believes she is once more confined within asylum walls, and her fear is great. . Perhaps she also remembers the awful fire that -destroyed the building, and this causes i'rosh ularm within her prior braiu. It is Boon decided that the boBt thing to be done with her is to carry her to the tipper floor, whore the windows are barrod. Later on, Tom will see. to it (hat she is taken to an asylum, i- As for Tom, ho cannot beur to look upon. her ; she has oatised his father bo much of suffering, nnd even been the cause of his death, nud lie never wants to see her fnoe again. He will not touch her now; so that Smithers and myself have to see to getting her up into the attic. Of course, Tom' is not vindictive — he cannot vent any ill- humor upon a poor, crazy thing, no matter what terrible crimes- Bho may have com mitted ; but I do not blame him when he hideB his fuoo with his liaudi, and, shuddering, cries: ' Take her out of my sight — I never want to see her agaiu 1 She has been the ourse of the house of Oartaret. My poor, murdered fnthor I' We spend the balance of the Dight .in peace. Smithors appropriates a 'lounge downstairs, and makes himself fairly oomforl tblo, while I have myownrwiu, On the morrow the coroner comes with his jury. Nothing is kept back now, and ho learns all, so that the verdict is speedily given. It is a most unfortunate thiDg — no one can be blamed, and, as nothing is to be gained by pub licity, the matter is kept as quiet as possible. Tom is in a bad state. I consult the family doctor, who declares that if Madge wishes to keep hor husband from a bad attack of brain fevor, he miiBt be sent away at once, not passing another night under that roof. At this, Madge turns imploringly to me, and I a8Bume charge. The funeral is over, and old Luther Cartaret has been laid away beside his wife under the willows. Tom yields to the urging of his wife, and hastily packs. his traps. We leave the Oartaret mansion lato in the afternoon, and, taking a lute train from New York, reach our old stamping ground in Pike County by morning. There we find our dogs in fine trim, and begin the work without delay. As I expected, Tom braces up at once — his mind is taken from harrowing thoughts, and he escapes the threatened attack of brain fever, for which I am very thankful. We have a pleasant two weeks of it in the woods. Game is fairly plentiful, and Tom be comes his old self. He caa finally look back upon the tragedy without undue excitement, thanks to the peaceful naturo of the woods. When our time is up, wo return,. and Tom's wife gives me a look that speakes volumes when she sees her husbaud's face — tho separation has been hard, but she feels amply repaid for it when she finds him restored to her, safe in body and mind. I advise them to go South for the winter, and they do so. Uncle Jethro and Chloe are left in charge of the estate, whilo the young, couple roam through Florida, Cuba, and Mexico. In the spring they decided on a long tour to Europe, aud this has been lengthened, eo that they have been taking in almost every foreign country, sending homo many choice artiolesof briu-d-brae collected by them, which tell of considerable weulth and artistic taste. Rachel Babette was placed in a private nsylnm, where she could be well taken care of. I have just heard of her death, through Smithers, who tolls me -she recovered her mind at the last, but, of course, these years were a blank. We do not dream of judging her, leaving that for a higher power. I have played detective no mare Binoe that eventful day, but ofcon Bee Smithers, who seems to entertain a deep regret that I persist in being a poor lawyer, when 1 might have shone in his line. I am content. the end. 