X lii Tc Sentence. (From E. NeMI and Oswald Barren' i ' Bulhr in Bohtmia.)' Thev had come out together on the lawn from the room that was too small to hold two men and their anger. Mildenhall's sudden rage had kept him as yet from lealising the full meaning of the torn letter which had fallen from the lace at his wife's bosom as she left the dinner-table three minutes before. She had swept away, trailing her silks alter her, unconscious. .livery fresh thought flushed his face anew, and his fingers convul sively crumpled or rolled the scraps of paper that he clung to with both hands. ' Oh, you scoundrel 1 Oh, you d— d scoun drel !' The half- light from the drawn blinds fell on the letter— the foolish letter, in K.ingsmark's handwriting— and fell, too, on Kingsmark's white, hardened face, that seemed to peer with a piteous curiosity at what so little time ago was the face of his friend. His friend, his dear old friend, whom he had so basely betrayed — and that not for love's sake, but in the climax of a series of weak concessions to the foolish passion of his friend's wife. The broken voice went on, sounding wearily, like the voice of one who has spoken a long time. ' And if any one had told me, Jack — only five minutes back — before I ? that you ? Oh, you d— d scoundrel !' At the fresh blaze of wrath, Kingsmark put up his arm instinctively. 'Keep off,' he said, speaking for the first time. The action put a new thought into Milden hall's madness. With a scream like an animal in pain, the big yellow-bearded man threw himself upon Kingsmark, and hurled him to the ground. As they rolled over together, Kings mark felt hands at his throat. His eyes swam in his head — the clutch released for an instant, and before it tightened again, his fingers found what they sought in his breast-pocket.' Mildenhall was kneeling on him and laughing hysterically; speech was impossible to Kings mark— he tried it ; then forgetting everything but that life and senses were leaving him, he struck upward with all his ebbing force. A tremor ran through the fingers at his throat, and their clasp was loosened. He struggled to his knees. Evelyn Mildenhall seemed to be sitting against the tulip bank, with his head thrown back and his beard pointing upward,' just as it used to do when he let off his great peal ot laughter at some jest of his friend's. '.:..''? '??. ?Evelyn!1 No answer. Then the blood rushed into the forehead of the man who realized now what he had done. He stepped back into the house and threw on his hat and inverness. When he returned, he leaned over Mildenhall and stroked hishair with his hand. The man was dead, but the man who had killed him could not think of that. now. .All his senses were strangely alive to trifles. Through the open window he could see the dining-room as he had left it— the chairs thrust back, the cigar-box open on the table, the wine still in the glasses One of the two who had sat there was dead— the one who was alive hardly knew which. The turf was wet. Had a shower fallen ? At dinner she had complained of the . heat, and languidly predicted rain. Mildenhall's head, lying back like that, must be crushing one of the tulips. Naturally an unouservam man, ivingsmarK nouceu -lor the first time that tulip cups shut at night. Something was shining at Mildenhall's bieast. The silver figure of a ccntadina hafting the stiletto that slew. him. Why was there not more 'blood? Kingsmark had bought that stiletto and the silver candlesticks now on the table within, the day the two came away from Pisa, at the end of. that long holiday in the sun. He could leave it there safely. No man had looked at it since but he and. the dead man who now had it in his heart. He took his eyes from the hilt, shut them, and turned away his head. When he opened them again he stooped to pick ud something white from the turf— a torn letter —on whose turned-up corner he read ' Darling Hetty.' i Thrusting this into his waistcoat-pocket, he went down the avenue with head bent, his boots crunching the moist gravel on the path, now lit up and spangled by the moonlight. His old friend ? Long ago they had sworn that the one who died first should return to meet and greet the other on his way. Kingsmark wished that this could be'i for. then his last memory of his friend would be a. reproachful face— better memory than the white throat thrown back in the moonlight. He shuddered, and reached out his hands as he walked, as one does struggling to break a nightmare. Some one was speaking. He had walked into the little lane of light cast by a .policeman's lantern. ' Goodnight,' he answered in his dream. ' Looks like more rain, sir.' - 'I fear so,' said Kingsmark, and hurried on to escape the coming shower. His Old friend ! He almost felt the accus tomed arm thrown across his shoulder. No thought of flight ; he was tired, and to-morrow showed dimly at the end of the long sleep awaiting him. Mildenhall had always walked this road with him, and now Mildenhall was dead. Kingsmark wished he was dead, too— but perhaps that was only part of the craving for sleep which bppressed him. But it was his first definite thought since Mildenhall, cigar in mouth, had picked the torn letter from the floor under the empty chair at the table head. Another policeman was standing at his gate when Kingsmark fitted his latchkey to the lock. Kingsmark wondered at the strange voice with which he gave good-night to this man. When he had lighted a candle in his bedroom, he leaned his hands on the dressing-table and looked long and curiously at the white face that stared at him out of the mirror's dark depths. It was interesting to see the face of a man who had ... He threw himself on' the bed at the last pitch of exhaustion. ? ? ? * * » ? » Knock — knock— knock ! What was it— was some one making a coffin? Hammer— hammer —hammer ; No ; it was some one at the front door, and a bell was clanging loudly in the empty. kitchen. Kingsmark instinctively tore off his coat and As he shot back the heavy holts of the front door he was conscious of a light through the ground glass, and of voices without. 1 Well, what's up?' he was surprised to hear himself say as he saw two policemen standing on the doorstep Tho night smelled sweet of Wet earth and leaves. 'Mr. Mildenhall, sir— he's dead, sir— mur- dered.' ' Good God !' Kingsmark leaned against the door-post, fighting for breath to say, ' I killed him.1 'Yes, sir. In his front' garden— a knife in his heart, sir,' put in the other policeman. Kingsmark rubbed his hand across his eyes and looked at it as if he expected to see some thing on it. ' I was asleep,' he said. ' You see,' went on the policeman, apologeti cally, ' we came to you through you being so well known to be his best friend— and having been seen with him last of ull ' 'What?' said Kingsmark. 1 Why, sir, sure you're heavy with sleep, or you'd remember meeting us as usual, and us giving you good-night, sir— don't you recollect ?' | ' You «aw me walking with Mr. Mildenhall to-night ?' ' Yes, sir ; ofcourse I did. Come, sir, rouse yourself.' Kingsmark held his two hands over his head and said : 'Tell me again.' 'Again and again, sir,' answered the man, with some temper. ' I saw him and you as usual, and I saw him leave you at your door ; and I saw him go back home and I said good night, but he never answered. And then we saw the light and the window oprn, and went in nnd found the poor gentleman stone dead on his own lawn with his head among the tulips.' Kingsmark's hands tightened their clasp. The dead, man had kept his promise then, and had walked with him that night. A ghost had paced by his side — a ghost's arm had lain on his ' shoulder— a ghost had ccme back— the murdered man had saved the murderer. How curious I Kingsmark burst out laughing, and fell at the policeman's feet. They roused him - or what was left of him. The best part of him lay on ' the lawn among the tulips. A stupid sense of clanging to life with both hands possessed him. Mildenhall had saved his life ; he dared not throw it away. He was condemned to live. He went through an in quest—or dreamed he did— answering questions mcchanicalljr with a growing wonder to find his answers believed. vVhat fools people were 1 And he the greatest fool of all. His old friend ! Kingsmark thinks he went mad a little after this. They called it brain fever. When he got better he tried to tell himself Mildenhall was not dead — had gone to a far country. But even that last rag— tho one thjng that let any meaning remain to life — was torn from him, for Mildenhall's widow came to see him. ' My darling,' she cried, throwing her arms round him, ' how terrible all this has been, but I am all your own now.' He did not answer, but she felt the repulsion of denial in the contact of him. The commonplace, pretty face, framed in the yellow hair and widow's bonnet, darkened. Then she spoke, reasonably, softly, with the little lisp Mildenhall had loved to hear. 'Jack, dear, ofcourse it's very shocking and all that. ? But really it ought to bring us to gether. Why should it part us?' He drew himself up and laid his dry lips against her little red mouth. This, too, was part of his life sentence. ' Why, indeed ?' he said, with a shiver. And sat with his head bowed in the shadow of the night coming. . 