ROMANCE OF AN ACTRESS. ¡ At tbe last Salon in Paris a plaster bust of Mlle Clairon, by the soulptor, Heori Gauqnie, in collaboration with the arohitest, Guillaume, attracted. considerable attention. Now the French journals announce that the friends of the drama in France propose to have a marble copy of the bust erected in the Sublic square of the town of Condé sur 'ecaut, the birthplace of La Clairon. Clairon was the Bernhardt of her time. She '?was so puny as a baby that immediately after her birth she waB, like Voltaire, hmv xied to the ohurch to be baptised. But when the ohnrob was reached it was found to be olosed. The parsonage, too, was empty. The priest and his vicar were at a masque- rade ball, for ic was tho day of the town carnival, and the priest was helping bis parishioners to celobrate it. Tho baby was carried at once to the ballroom, where the priest was disguised as a harlequin and tho vicar as a clown. They judged ihe baby's condition to bo sufficiently critioiil to demand immediate attention. So they stopped the music then and there, and taking the neces- sary materials from a sideboard, performed the rite. But they need not have beou in íiUch basto, for tho lifo- throad of the baby was not to bo out until 79 years lator. They called tho baby Claire ; her full name is given as Claire -Hippoly to - Josepho Legris do Latude. Clairon had a harsh mothor who used to punish hor by locking hor up in an isolated room Opposite to thiB room lived Milo Dungovillo, who became one of tho greatest of soubrettes. Cleiron used to soe her taking singing lessons and lessons in dan oin g ; sh o uBod to stu her receiving the praise and onoouia^omout of her family ; she was pained at thoditterenoo botwoon her own lifo and that of her neighbour, and what she uaw and felt fired her with an ambition to beoomo an actress. Tho firwt visit that Clairon mudo to a theatre had suoh an efloot cn her that during tho wholu time of tho play and tho rest of tho evening sho could n»t be nando to speak. She bay«, in her * Memoirs,' that after returning from tho theatre, the only thing she heard that night was the command, «Go to b d, jou bb? goose 1' Sho ran off to bod only to remain uwako, going over in bor mind all that she had soon and beard at tho theatre. Tho next morning sho astonished her friends and roUtivcs by repeating moro than n hundred verses of tho tragedy and about two-thirds nf tho little play. But this did not please her mothor. She said Bho would rather her daughtor knew how to make a dross or a nightgown. Still the ohild persisted in1 following1 tho ooaree that she had mapped out for herself, and blows and slaps were power- less to turn her. Threats to starve her, and to break ber bones if she did not work, Only angered her to the point of exclaiming * Kill me, then, at once, for otherwise I shall go upon the stage !' At length she becamo the pupil and after- wards the rival of the celebrated Marie Franooise Dumosnil, and her interpretation of Corneille, Racine, and Voltaire led Baohaumont to say-' Hardly is she an- nounced before tho house is filled ; the moment sho appears sho is applauded with the utmost enthusiasm : she is the moat finished work of art ; she is Melpomene i embellished by phidias.' While at the I height of her fame Clairon was visited by countesses and princesses. She was tho intimate of such men as Marshal de Richelieu. J. P. Marmontel, the Marquis de Ximenes, and the Margrave of Anspach. Louis XV. himself came to see her, and of him she said I to Mme do Pompadour : - 4 He owes his royalty to chance, I owe mine to genius.' i For her unruliness she was imprisoned in Fort l'JSveque. She transformed her prison into a banquet room, giving sumptuous suppers. Tho carriages of her visitors were lined up outside the prison door, as though in froot of the door of aD hotel. Her per- sonal appearance at tho age of 22 or 23 was thus deeoribed by a contemporary : 4 She is extremely palo ; her head is handsome, and her eyas are large and full of fire. Her mouth Í3 ornamented with beautiful teeth, and her throat is well placed. She arises without affectation, her form is graceful, and she has a very modest address. Without being an accomplished beauty she is a per- son that anyone would call oharming.' But Clairon waa not alone great as an aotress ; her writings relative to the roles of her repertoire have been pronounced excel- . lent pieces of literary criticism. Among other things she wrote a manual for players, entitled 'Reflexions sur la Declamation Theatricale.* She is credited with having been the first to conceive ?'he idea of a conservatory where actors should receive all the instruo tion necessary in their art, and she is said to have been among the first to see the powerful effeot produced by the realism of the English stage. French drama has been adjudged to be greatly indebted to her for what she did introduce into it an element of resemblance to truth. She effected a revolution in costume, ridiculing the ideas of playing Roxana, ono ox her triumphs, in robes a la Francais. Yf>t, in spite of her genius and intelligence, Clairon was superstitious. This has been attributed to tho effect of the ghost stories and tales of witchcraft with whioh her childhood was filled. In the story of her life Bho relates as a fact that a suitor whom she had rejected sent for her on his deathbed ; that she refused to go ; that at ll o'clook in tho evening, when she gave tho refusal, tho company assembled at dinner in her house heard a strange and piercing ory of anguish ; that she fainted ; and that every evening at tho same hour the same cry was heard ! A fßw weeks later the ory ceased ; but in its place came a pistol shot through her window. Everybody saw the flash, but the window [ remained whole. Detectives were set to watch in the beliof that some servant was playing u trick, bat at tho same hour night after night the same thing occurred, and nobody could be Been. One night when Clairon was taking fresh air on a piazza tho shot occured at tho usual hour, and she felt a strong slap upon her cheek. Another timo whon she was riding past the house whore the rejected Buitor died throe shots wero fired through the windows of the coach. Tho coachman thought it was an attack of robbers and whipped np tho horses. The shots, after several nights, gave plaoe to hand-clasps', which wore followed in their turn by an enchanting voico singing a beautiful and touching air. One day an old lady dressod in black called to bee Mlle Clairon. Sho was a relative of the rejeoted one, and sho told tho great actress that, having boen with him in his lust moments, bbc hoard him excluim whon informed ul Clairon's refusal to visit him-* I shall fol- low her when I am dead, as I havo followed her in my lifotîmo !' At last, tho great Clairon fell into disfavor, and sank back into her original poverty. Dressed in wornout clothes, bho lived during her last days in * Bingle room, whioh she was foroed to Bweop herself. She was buried in the Cemetery of Poro la Chaise. For a long timo hor tomb was neglected, but latoly the Comedio Francaise bas hud it ropairod. Such is' tho btory of La Clairon, who is oalled tho foremost tragic actress of the eighteenth century. A French journalist said of her-4 She started from nothing, and to nothing she returned, after having swung round the oirolo that passes over the peakd of glory.* 