SISTERS OF MERCY. Reception Ceremony. The Angas Street Convent was the ecene of a very impressive ceremony on Wednesday, October 12, when a reception of young ladies to the habit of the order took place. The handsome oratory was crowded, among those present being the Very Eev. Dr. Byrne, V.G. (officiating priest), Eev. Father Cosgrave (master of ceremonies), Very Eev. Father Milz (superior of the Jesuit order in South Aus tralia), Eev. Fathers Headley, O.P., Larkin, O.P., Alfred, C.P., Landy, Enright, Houri gan, and Davis. The postulants who were to receive the habit appeared in full bridal dress, and all the religious assembled with lighted tapers. The procession was formed in the following order:—Crossbearer, postulants, novices, professed religious, mother assistant, postu lants, and Mother Superior. When the procession was. forming the postulants knelt to ask the Mother Superior's bless ing, and the names they were to receive in religion. They then proceeded to the sanctuary, accompanied by the Mother Superior, and genuflected before the Blessed Sacrament. The Mother Superior and assistant retired to their places,.leaving the postulants on their knees. As the pro cession entered the hymn " 0 gloriosa Vir ginum " was sung by the choir, at the con clusion of which Dr. Byrne Bang the versicle "Ora pro ea" and the prayer " Deus qui sub tutela." The wax candleB were blessed, and after having been laid on the altar they were sprinkled with holy water and incense. The postulants were then conducted to the altar, where, kneel ing, they received lighted candles from the officiating priest, first kissing his hand and then the candles. After the prayer " Ac cipe, filia charissima" they returned to their placeB. Father Headley then preached a brief but eloquent discourse. He dwelt on the holy Btate into which the novices were entering, and said that from then until the time came for them to pronounce their vows and make a consecration of love in its highest form, they would go through a time of trial. They would continuously hear the name of Hod, of whose presence they would at all times of the day be made con scious, and they would be made faithful to the trust which the Almighty had put to them. During the sermon the postulants were seated in the middle of the choir, and at the discourse they were conducted to the altar, where, kneeling, they were each interroga ted by the officiating priest as follows:— " My child what do you demand ? " " The mercy of God and the holy habit of religion." "Is it with your own free will you demand the holy habit of religion P " " Yes, your reverence." The rev. mother was then asked:— " Have you made the necessary enquiries, and are you satisfied ? " Mother Superior—" Yes, your reverence." Celebrant, addressing the postulant— " My child, have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and do you hope to have sufficient strength to carry constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ solely for the love and fear of God ? " "Belying on the mercy of God I hope to be able to do so." The postulants then genuflected and retired, to put off secular dress. Mean -while psalms were sang until the sisters returned. The habits were then blessed, during which ceremony a number of psalms and prayers were recited. The offi ciating priest sprinkled; the habits with holy water, and having incensed them they were given to one of the religious to take to the postulants. The veils were then bles sed, the vicar-general sprinkling them with holy water and incensing them waited until the novices returned, and as they re-entered the choir, accompanied by the mother assistant and mother superior, the antiphon, "Qui est ista," was sung, The novices on their return knelt down, and Dr. Byrne turned towards them and made the sign of the cross over them. The novices then gave their candles to the mother assistant, and were conducted by her and the mother superior to the altar, where, kneeling, they received the cinc tures from the officiating priest, kissed his hands, thqn the cinctures, and at the end of the blessing rose, presented them bowing to the mother superior, who girded the novices with them. The novices knelt whilst the blessed veils were placed on their heads, Dr. Byrne reciting the " Accipe velum," of which this is a trans lation:—" Deceive the white veil, the em blem of inward purity, that thou mayest follow the Lamb without spot, and mayest walk with him in white, in the.name of the Father, and of the Son,, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." The novices remained kneeling while the mother snperior fas tened the veils, and then received the church cloaks, which they presented to the Mother Superior in the same manner as the cinctures. The novices thus clothed, genuflected, and reoeiving their candles from the mother assistant, retired and knelt down. Then the officiating prieBt sprinkled them with holy water, and after prayerB hud been said the novices and choir alternately chanted the " Eructavit." At the close the noviceB knelt down, gave their candles to the mother assistant, and at the end of the verse prostrated themselves on the ground. The clergy and religious sang the "Veni Creator," and after prayers had been recited, the novices were again sprinkled with holy water. The mother assistant ^directed them to rise from their prostrate position, made with them a genuflection to the Holy Sacrament, and conducted them to the mother superior, to whom they knelt. The mother superior raised and embraced them. The received then embraced the other religious, bowing to each as they did so, re ceived their candles from the mother assis tant, and took their place according to rank amongst the other religious. During this time the candles were lit, and the choir chanted the psalm, "Ecce quam bonum." This closed the ceremony. The names of the young ladies who re ceived the habit and their titles in religion are Miss Maggie Lennox (Sister Mary Berchmans), Miss Mary Byder (Sieter Mary Ignatius), Miss Lizzie Sherlock (Sister Brigid Mary). The first two are natives of South Australia, and were educated at the Angas Street convent; whilst Miss Sher lock was born in Ireland. The following carious story is told in the " Whitehall Review ":—" It is wonder ful what a diplomatic woman will do if Bhe is so minded. A certain royal princess, now deceased, performed about two years ago a feat of valour that few ladies in her position could be capable of. A well-known dressmaker sent in her bill, which had reached the ample proportion of .£2,000, insinuating that if not paid the matter would develop. Her Toyal highness at the moment had not sufficient ready cash to meet the demand. However, she ordered her carriage and drove from her retreat down to madame's ware rooms. She walked in and took out her cheque book and toyed with it for some time. ' You're not looking at all well, madame,' said the princess. * You want a little change. The best thing you can do is to come out to me from Saturday to Monday. I shall be delighted to have you.' Madame could not believe her ears. She gushed, she stammered, she blushed. She was about to be entertained by a real live princess, and a royal one, too. The princess turned over another leaf of the cheque book, and seemed in the act of writing an order, when madame suddenly exclaimed, 'I beg your royal highness to think no more of that wretched trifle you owe me. Let ub burn books.' Which they did. And the highest feather is the cap of this great costumier is that Bhe spent three days in the house of a princess. But she does not tell us that the visit cost her £2,000." We beg to draw attention to the old established and Catholic firm of under- takers, J. B. Siebert and Sons, who have just now an excellent display of wreaths and memorial crosses at their new shop, opposite the Central Market, in Gouger Street. The display is a most creditable one, the designs shown being very chaste. The members of the firm have for years belonged to our Catholic institutions, and are deserving of the support of the Catholic community. The many impor- tant funerals they have carried out is a sufficient guarantee of their ability to carry out interments. As embalmers the firm hold the highest credentials. Funerals are performed by the above firm with im- posing ceremony in all parts of the colony with promptitude. 