GHOSTLY VISITANT. I WHS a medical student m London, attending the lectures at dear old Bart's, and looking forward to being the pos sessor of a suug little practice which, for family reasons, I could almost already call my own. It wanted but a few days to Christmas, 1874, and I intended to pass that season with an aunt in Hunt* ingdonshire. On the 22nd I packed my bag, and in due time arrived at Oakshott, as my relative called her houso-regard ing which Miss Betsy Frotwood might have inquired " Why Oakshott ? "-it being named on the lucus a non lucendo principle, as there was not an oak within a mile of it. The old lady met me in the entrance hall, and gave me an effusive greeting; so gushing was it that, although we were the best of friends, and I could always consider her home mine, I could not help fancying there must be some nnusual cause for the delight sbe evinced. After supper the truth came out. " Phil, dear," she said, " I'm more than glad ' to 6ee you this time. You know you are always welcome; but what you don't know is that either my intellect is failing or that there is a-a ghost in the houso ! Yes; don't stop me, or I shall break down ; I know I shall. It is very, very stupid; but I can't help it. And O. Phil, Phil, my dear, dear boy " and she burst into her flood of tears. I made some common place remarks to pacify her, wondering all the while what the deuce it could be, aud whether it was really a case of " a bee in a bonnet." By-and-by her hysterical fit subsided, and my aunt was able to give me a rational account of her trouble. It seemed that for some nights past, after she had gone to sleep, she had been awakened by something tugging at the bed-clothes. On one occasion the eider-down quilt, and the covering next to it, had been actually pulled off, and had fallen on the floor. Naturally Miss Rachel-that was hor name-was very much frightened, but, nevertheless, each time she got up, lit her candle, and made a thorough search of the room, discover ing nothing, however, to explain the mystery. Her door was fust locked and bolted on the inside, the shutters were securely closed, and there, was not a ereviee in the apartment that she had not carefully explored to see if a living bird or animal had been concealed there, but all in vain. I should state that my aunt, though wealthy, had only a small establishment, consisting of t wo elderly female servants, and those I well knew could bo entirely depended upon. They slept on the first floor, at the buck of the house, overlooking the garden, aud the servants' quarters wore on the story above. The front of the house, completely furnished should need arise, was almost always unoccupied, and, owing to the peculiar construction of the building, the only other room at the back on the same level as my aunt's, was the plate closet, where some hundreds of ounces of silver, most of it antique and of great value, were stored. I had often endeavored to persuade her to deposit, this at her banker's, but she always objected to do so, alleging that it was one of her chief pleasures to look after the various articles herself, and to see that not a speck was allowed to tarnish their elegance. After Miss Kachel had told me her story, I fancied I could see clearly that no supernatural agency had been at work, and yet I was puzzled to account for the fact that her chamber had certainly not been entered, and thatnolivingbeingliad been "lying low" in it. The elucidation of the difficulty was, I felt convinced, to be found in connection with the plate closet, and I begged my aunt to allow me to pass the night in that retreat. After some hesitation she consented, and when bedtime came, I made myself as comfort* able there as I could with the assistance oi a sota»cnair, plenty ot eggs, and a modicum of-well, not water alone. My only stipulation wa3 that my aunt's door should be left unfastened. I must have dozed, off and on, for a couple of hours, when I was aroused by a piercing scream; and "Phil! Phil!" in an agonis ing tone, sounded in my ears. I rushed out of the plato-room, crossed the narrow passage which separated it from the bedchamber, and in a moment was in the latter. As I entered some thing became entangled in uiv legs, and I nearly fell. But in that second I heard a slight scuffle outside the window, and dashing open the shutters I caught sight of a man malting tracks for the end of tho garden. I had my revolver in my hand, and fired, bringing down the quarry. Tho shot attracted the attention of the village policeman who happened to be close at hand, and between us the wounded man, who proved to bo a ne'er dti-well of the locality, was safely housed. I then had tirno to devote attention to Miss Rachel who, it may easily be bo lieved. was not a.little alarmed. But her satisfaction in finding that sho had neither been the victim of n mental malady, nor of a ghostly visitant, tended greatly to quiet her nerves, and she was completely reassurod when we discovered how the trick had been worked. That which had caused raeto stumble just in side my aunt's room, turned out to be a fine, but very rigid, steel wire, one end having been split in three, and each point bent down and sharpened, so that an exact resemblance of a bird's claw was produced. The window and shutter being not only old-fashioned but old, had left sufficient space at the corner next to the hinge to allow this instrument to be iuserted and pushed forward until the forked end rested on the bed-clothes. A little manipulation enabled the man out side, who stood on a short ladder, to pull off the (joverlet by means of the claw.and then quickly to disengage and withdraw tho wire. Of course, directly ho heard the sound of matches being struck inside, preparatory to the lighting of the candle, lie vanished, only to return and repeat the operation on the following night. Tbis was tho substance of the confession made by our prisoner, who alleged that it was his design by these means, so to work upon my aunt's fears that-as I verily believe she would have done, had not I fortunately succeeded in unravelling the mystery-she would have changed her sleeping apartment to the front of the house, when he would have had the opportunity ho desired, of gaining free access to tho back-including the plate closet. On the following morning when I went to breakfast att envelope with a £10 notewas in my plate. -"St. Andrew's Uazetto, (buenos Ayres.) 