©hoiitorie®, PAUL CRANBOURNE'S WEDD1NC, BY ATIIA WESSTI3URY. IN TWO CHAPTERS. .. .. ICOPVniGHT.J CHAPTER H— AFTER THE WEDnrvn To sit by one s ' am fireside" -with a fra' grant cigar between one's lips, and oui-slin pered feet upon the fender, reading of perils by flood and field is one thing; to be a par taker in the matter is. quite another, and a consummation riot , to be devoutly wished for.. - . , ' . „ ' ' . On th'S Christmas Eye the great chande lier in the barn serids a broad stream of . light out of the doorway and in amongst the j trees of the orchard, lending the fruit there- on a ripe mellow' and golden hue. The re velry bos begun. ' Fair forms move hero and there to the strains of lovely music, with merry voices intermingling. One would ;m. agine the scene to be a popular theatre in Melbourne rather than a settler's wedding iri the heart of wild Maoriland. "Set to; corners, Mr, Temple. Dear me! 'What can you possibly be thinking about sir?"; ... ' 'It was the" voice of ray fair partner, Lucy .Cranbourne, that thus admonished me; as we whirled to and fro in a quadrille, r.r Miss Cranbourne will pardon my awk wardness. I;m afraid I'm more used to the saddle than the— Jjancers." l>ie,v sir! bad' puns, if you please, Miss Cranbourne is not so stupid as to mis take inattention for ignorance." "Ignorance! How?" Eaid I, looking at the arch face upturned to mine. "You danced the same quadrille with JIis3 .Welfoid half an hour ago without a single mistake. Now you seem completely at a loss which way to move. Perhaps a partner makes. all the difference?" with a pout on the rosy lips. "Who is Miss Welford, pray?' . "Oh, you are singularly forgetful, 1 must say,": she added, with just the least tinge of sarcasm in her tone. "Of course you do riot remember tlie name of the lady yoa took into; dinner, and whom you were so solicitous .'about during the meal. Other ladies in your vicinity had to be contented with small mercies, so far as your gallantry. went." .-;;:' "Do you include yourself in that com plaint? Were you one of the neglected ones?" I "cried, with a laugh. ."Perhaps,": she replied in a more sober tone-and. with the blood mantling her face. "Certainly, I have no cause to cavil at your apparent want of civility. I stand at a disadvantage in- this respect, inasmuch as I am under, a lasting obligation to you, and you seem determined to give me no oppor tunity- of- proving my- gratitude." "!£ you are really serious in what you say, I pray, you haye compassion on a poor fellow with a little modesty," I replied. "The service rendered you was nothing to speak of, Miss Cranbourne." The poorest kind in the colony would have acted as I did, without deeming it a service. Believe me, -I- esteem your friendship above com- panson wnn any act, 01 1111:1c. \- "Flattery seems to have gained admission to the camp as well as to the court," she re plied witli a smile, but 1 felt the small hand which rested on my arm tremble as she spoke. . , "You mistake. I am but a plain gentle man at best,- plain in manner and iu speech. If opportunity offered to-morrow— to-nigbt —and who shall, say' that danger does not ; lurk iri ever' bush ' and break in this un happy" land? I say, 1 would readily risk my life, on :your 'behalf, and think it au honor 1 I. led. her. out- of the maze -of flittering forms to a retired corner of the barn, ana raising her hand to my. lips Teft her witu- out another" word. ... , ., My plan, of defence been formed antt completed, and every precaution taken to 'ensure its fulfilment. , Yet, my task ms i very difficult one, not because of the odos against mo, but for another and very im portant reason. At the time of which . 1 write a strong feeling, which is as strong to day, pervaded the country in favor ot pre serving tlie Maories. The Pukchas might 06 slaughtered by the, rebels at will, but any unfortunate officer in' command, who mignt chance to engage the enemy and defeat him with loss, was certain to draw down ou nis devoted head strong denunciation tor tuiav was termed "a wanton act of cruel nue cilery." Although Te Aporu s wnr"rs might be six to one against us, I couhl hate formed an ambush in the scrub and cnlfr!"J them tvitli small joss to my own men. Bu I knew that tlie order of the day tyiis take the Maori prisoner, if yon can; and we will deal with liim ns we think fit; but slaj him not, at your peril. . ' , .. „r ii,» Fully conversant with the tactics of th Maories in plundering out of the tvn> njr and stations, where resistance was not c pccted, 1 bad arranged to meet our enemy accordingly. On one point I was "rralj cided, viz., to slay every Maon who PJ®. against us, rather than let one of these inn cent people be injured. ... , 1 I went out into the cool air, and ''"5" j slope of the hill towards the creek. The sen 1 tries were on tlie alert, and challenged :1M as 1 I approached. The night was very J'"e I still, and sounds could lie heard at n |l siderable distance. As I stood tal I the corporal I became cognisant of a . low I rumbling noise in the distance, j panied by Joes Pindar we crossed the st I and ascended a high, ridge to the left. I we lay down and listened; the so""?. I came plainer now. Yes, we cou'd.d® in. | guish tlie repressed roar of many 1 01 , I termingled with an occasional cr>, „ 1 pealed above the others, and acted 8 command to quiet the babbling 0 .. .o"®. ,ni;| | We did not move fronrohr position untu the slow, steady tramp, tramp, of 1 approaching host became quite audi e "Here's the darned niggers at last, <1 I Joss, in ray ear Te Apora had kept k'l withdrew the scouts silently, and rc- 4, lined to the ball room. I placed half a ton men around the building, in charge of the Yankee corporal, and again reinforced these with volunteers from, amongst the V The time had arrived when the cv tidings could not.be withheld longer fro n the guests. Drawing, aside the parson, Tlrieflv related our position. I he Kev. Talbot "Jinks paled at my communication, but quickly recovering, showed himself Miial to the occasion. "your plan is to get the people safe within the house?" said lm- "K-actlv, sir; Make what excuse you can, and go quickly. Mr. Cranbourne and his son will guide you. further. Five or six musicians perched on a sort nf temporary orchestra were rasping away during our hurried conversation, while a party were going through a quadrille. I " put up mv band as , a signal to the band, who ceased playing. The minister took the hint. Mounting a chair, he said: "My good friends, I have a vcrv important piece of information to give vou and I earnestly request you to follow roe at onee into the house to hear it. ; Cries of "Can't we finish the dance? What is the matter? Play np," &c.;, resounded on "'"Dear friends, it is imperative that we adiourn to the house, without a moments delay," responded the good man, in sueli a serious tone that instantly a stampede took place -to the dwelling indicated. The band were descending from their perch to join the rush, but I waved them back, saying, "Come come, sirs, this is not courteous to lis who have hot taken- part in the danc ing. Give my men a chance to show their agility while the others arc absent. I'll shout a bottle of champagne for you. What say you?" "All right; go ahead, my hearty." cried the trombone m a hoarse tone, at tlie same time placing his instrument to his lips, and sounding a preliminary bray. . At a signal, liiy; comrades leaped.into tlie place, with their naked sabres in' their hands, and their revolvers ready, in their belts. "Hallo, I say what game d'ye call that?" shouted the leader of the orchestra, with .his eyes protruding, from Jtlieir sockets in , astonishment. "Going to try a novel kind of sword dance. Come, play up," answered one man here's fun; what tune would, you like, eii?" . ". "The Maories are coming, ".cried Corporal Pindar, thrusting his gaunt person in at the door on the instant. i "Maories! Good Lord, have mercy on us! And the poor musicians precipitated them selves with one accord from their pew. X needed their services, however, for a while longer, and again I Interposed. " "Back to your places," I commanded sternly, at the same time interposing the point of my sword towards them. "By all that's sacred, the first who disobeys me, ' shall have a cloven skull . for his pains. Quick! To your places." My men instantly closed the'door to pre vent their escape. , "Heaven help us! We are all dead men to a certainty," cried the Trombone dole fully. "Nonsense," I ' remonstrated quietly. "Return to your places, and play us some thing— I care not what; and 1 give you my word no harm shall befall one of you. Up with you!" - Somewhat reassured, the terror-stricken orchestra resumed their seats and began to % the dead Wagner but heard the sounds, it would have driven his sheeted ghost from the spot in a fright. The Irencli horn appeared to have token a sud den fit of colic, while the trombone groaned in sympathy, the fiddlers screeched, unmer cifully, some octaves higher than tlie finger ing of Pnganirii in his wildest flights of one- stringed harmony, and the fife, with a tune of lunacy in its quavering, rose high above the rest in wailing agony.-- My men, 20 in number, formed up and began their dance. Glancing from right to left, I noted no mirth on their faces, otern resolution' pervaded the whole troop. The Maories, creeping silently towards the station, saw the lights, , and, hearing the sounds of music, voices , and dancing, im agined their prey secure. At a sign under stood between us, my men divided and hid themselves behind the arms of foliage on each side of the room, while the members of the band retreated pell mell into the re freshment room adjoining. Amid the si lence which ensued we could hear the voices of our foes close at hand. There wus a pause while one might count 20. Then the folding doors were thrown backward with a jerk, and a thick-set savage, tall and al most nude, bounded into the room. For n moment he stood gazing round the ap parently empty barn, with a look that no pen could describe. Surprise, rage, hate, scented in turn to gleam from his bloodshot ej-es. The great Tc Apora was not to be de ceived, however; he had heard the band and tlie noises. His hated enemies could not have fled in alarm. Tie would have surely heard. Besides, the dwelling was in total darkness. Te Apora, the Maori, wus a mighty chief, Hie terror of the Pakeha. Tlie Poor trembling victims were afraid, and had hid themselves behind the foliage. That was it. , ''is gleaming tomahawk above his head, his warriors troop into the room, five and six deep, their painted faces glistening grotesquely beneath the light of the cliande- kf'n rra my hiding place I try to num ber them, hut getting us far as a hundred, 1 Dccanie- confused by their moving to and fro. are more than a hundred — nearer a fw- ? fifty. But I notice with salis- laetion there are not a dozen rifles among ine number. Nevertheless, they are all In;!. Wears, meris, tomahawks and linn , V'oy come, forming in two deep , Unt|i the last man has entered, then the doors are closed. vvntni elose to where I am standing rnnnii ' "8 >' through the leaves I hear a low, smothered gasp, then a heavy, dull thud, as i.,i,' 'c" silent but deadly conflict. I corporal, Joss l'indar, has tlm , i '.1 ,?x!c an" in many a raid against lie in w? tied Indian. He knows how to the l,!i? tr the Maori. Again and again toning I 6mthercd sounds fall upon my lis- tho i Tet Te Apora hears them not. surroi n i u forming his warriors, who ThHr hiding I'akehns. lis ,i , .01lcs were forming a ring around Point ,,,i 0 somewhat in disorder at one B.e.li!,iig that moment, I stepped mv men iv i?n! t!l,e arras and called upon The n Charge!" armed n,„e , unexpected appearance of the Maories a sudclen panic among iMiamf H,rcw ourselves upon them, sword ma, they gave way right and left. But I £?,. P "i isecln,?. I'S smallness of our num- bois, quickly rallied his warriors, who faced about, and then began a most determined ! hand to hand encounter with cold steel. ; Overmatched by superior numbers, vve i were. steadily borne backward against tlie , wall, whteh proved an advantage to us, in- asmuch as we had no flank movement to fear on the part of our assailants. With our bncks to the wall we stood at bay, six to one, and in less time than it takes to pen these words one half of my gallant comrades were down, covered with wounds, some dy ing, some. dcad, butchered by sheer odds, the remainder still doing battle with savage bulldog ferocity. At this critical moment the Yankee corpornl and a score of men, armed with firearms, came upon the scene, and sent a volley into the Maori horde point blank. The rebels, fancying the place surrounded with troops, attempted flight" through the open doors. . -In vain the Maori chief tried to rally them. With a few ponderous strokes of his meri To Apora cleared a passage to follow his panic-stricken warriors, but I threw myself upon him and wrenched the weapon from his hand. Xn the melee my sabre had been cleft in twain, and I was therefore unarmed save for my revolver, which X could not reach. My desire was to capture the Maori leader, but in a moment I felt I was no match for him in point of strength, al though active arid strong, and being a pretty good wrestler to boot. My antagonist lifted and twisted and turned me round and round as if I had been no more in his hands than a girl. Allowing the savage to tire, I made a sudden effort, and threw liim a heavy backfall, but he clung to me, and wo rolled together put at the open donvay. 'The Maori, with glaring eyeballs and a hoarse exultant laugh, turned me under him in an instant, and then fixing his knees firmly upon my panting breast, he felt for his knife. I was utterly power less to defend myself from the murderous weapon. I saw it gleam, an instant across my eyes— the next it'was buried in my side. For a moment I thought' my hour had come — a faintness seized me, the barn and the dark outline of the hills seemed to reel and dance before my .gaze. Then there came a sudden flash of light— a report, and my gi gantic assailant rolled from my prostrate body— dead. 1 was lifted up and borne through the scene of our struggle in a state of semi-con- seiousness. I heard the. cheers of my com rades, and saw a crowd of Maories huddled together, prisoners, who were being tied with ropes; then darkness and the cool night air for a time, iind again the lights, with strange faces, peeping at me over the shoul ders of those who were carrying mo. Oh, the eternal stillness that to me was most terrible in its intensity. Oh, the long sleepless hours of agony, that seemed wrenching ray poor anatomy asunder. Strange faces bent over me and spoke words I'could not comprehend; strange thoughts— if thoughts of mine were capable of action- gathered in bodily shape and substance about my bed. The device on the wall paper assumed, to my disturbed vision, the faces of people I had known when a boy. And tlie very curtains round my couch stretched shadows that nodded, grinned and jabbered at me in fell mockery. Over all this mental and bodily hell, came, at length n change to painless ease and bliss' by contrast. ... Then a soft' tearful voice "Dear Mama-— will he live?" Returning from the dark land of shadows, I found'myself in a "small bedroom, neatly, furnished. The heavy hangings of some rich- stuff were drawn aside, admitting the wel come sunlight in upon me, as I lay weak and helpless as a'baby, but fully conscious of the objects surrounding me; Corporal Joss Pindar was seated near the window, with his head swathed in a rough bandage stained with blood. It appeared to me that I had been asleep, several days, encircled in some terrible nightmare, from which I was powerless to free myself; . "Hallo! captain," exclaimed lie, as Ins look met mine. . "I guess you're all over awake and kicking this time?" _ "Awake. Yes, certainlj-, corporal! What is the matter?" , ' , . ' "Mntter? Wnl now, tlint s just what I've been trying to reckon up," lie re sponded with a queer stare. You re feel in better, ain't ve, after yer foolin'? liord! what a go! I reckon the durned, rebels won't dunce round this caboose again in a Hurry, that's, all. . Now then, Capt n, no larks. Just lie down again. I m posted sentry here, with general orders not to al- lojv you to stir ail inch." . "My dear corporal, I—— - , , ; ' , , "No use in .the. world. Boss, interrupted the Yankee rising and straightening him self like a ramrod. "You'll have to keep your scandaliser quiet. The doctor said you wasn't to. say a word. By gosh. Joss 1 in- dar will do his duty." , "Certainly, my good fellow. One word. Where are the men?" , „ Y»r„ "'Sonic of 'cm are in replied tlie corporal, bending his wounded head reve rently, "others are doin' well enough, 'ami the rest are coiled up asleep, like eels in a l'"And the women and children? They are S<l"Aye, safe as a shilling in a miser's pouch? said Jobs, resuming his seat, and at the same time bending his lank pel so n forward in a listening attitude. , , tion and.snakes! he said suddenlj heie comes the visiting officer again. She g_b&-n running up and down like a lamplightet, an worrying my head off, about you. "\VllOjf" . I- J T "I guess they call her Lucy, "replied Joss, with a grim smile. And she went on some pumpkins when you were dragged from under that skunk Te Apora. .She tqok com mand anyhow, captain; you bet; posted me here, with orders to .do my duty,, an bj gosb, I'm going to do it. "Of course, corporal; quite, right. Just one more question — What day is this . "Day? Christmas day,. Sir. And I may say for sartin that if ever X go back again to the United States of America X U so foi President after this day; Yes, Sir roe! "Thank you, corporal. Now I want to '""Be quiet, captain. Here's the boss nconiin' for sartin,'' and my companion closed his lips firmly as if he had said. "There I have locked them up and thrown the key out o' the window. , While the corporal stood and stared vacantly "t at,"1,0 landscape below the door opened, and there entered Mr. .Cian- bourne, sen., with his ivife, accompanied by a third person — a stout little man enveloped in a ponderous wrapper, and. with nothing but liis face and bald head visible. "I am very happy to see you so far re covered, Mr. Temple," said the old squatter, in a voice tlmt trembled with emo tion "Allow me to introduce an old friend, Dr." Soundribb, of Taranaki." The doctor gave rne a look, and bowed, at tbe same time divesting lus person of the wrappers. He appeared an abrupt, ierkv individual, iu speech, and in manner No sooner had he taken off his coat and given his wristbands a twist upward, than he turned to Mrs. Cranbourne, sayin, "Madame, I'll trouble you for a sponge aiul some hot water. Be good enough to request Jacques to bring my caso of instruments.'' Tlie good dame departed and the worthy medico turned to me. "Had a narrow squeak for it, young gen tleman, eh? Oh, let me see; let me see. Give mo your hand. So. Dulse as steady as clock work, and I may sav as regular. Cranbourne, eh? 'Gad these 'Maori devils know how to use their knives, flere's a thrust— deep and straight as a—. Trie quiet, captain, do, there's a good fellow. Damn me what ugly weapons these pig knives are, to be sure. Muttering to himself after the above fashion, Dr. Soundribb, after giving me un speakable pain lancing and probing my wound, bandaged me up not unlike an Egyptian mummy, and gave a favorable opinion as to my ultimate recovery with good nursing. Turning from your humble son-ant, the doctor's eyes fell upon the stolid corporal, standing at "Attention" by tlie window. "Who are you, sir?" ho asked in some sur prise, at the same time surveying my com rade from head to heel. "W'al, I reckon I'm Joss Pindar, boss, I am." replied the future candidate for l'resi- dential honors. "Oh, you're Joss Pindar, are you?" "I am that," responded Joss, grimly. "Humph. Pray what is the mutter with your cranium, Mr; Pindar?" "Cranium, doctor?" echoed the corporal, with a look at mo which almost made me laugh outright, spite "of my wounds. "Yes, cranium, sir, seonce-liead," replied the fussy little gentleman, hotly. "What is the matter with this?" touching the blood stained cloth with his white, fat fore finger. "Oh," said Joss. "I guess a Maori tried to raise my scalp. - Bless you; it's only a scratch." . "Let me see it!" ' The corporal removed the bandage after some trouble, and sat down for the other to examine his pate. "By gad, a scratch, eh?" exclaimed the doctor, puckering "up his mouth into a whistle. "See here, you're just the kind of man for a soldier. Any fellow with a softer skull could not. survive. 'such a blow as you've had, my. friend. Any other scratches about you?" "W'al, now that you remind me of it, sir, I've a notion that some; : tarnation skunk just gave me one atwe'en the" shoulders with a club or suifin. But lor, doctor, it doesn't signify." . ; ; The doctor laughed,. and was more jerky than ever." ", "Hum. Ah. indeed. .Take off VAiif nnnf " and he seized Ahe -big trooper as if he in tended to dissect him. on the spot. "What, this lump, eh? What. : That's it, is it? Cough, sir. Humph. -Sound as a horse. Cranbourne, you stiould have sent for a ve terinary surgeon foi- this fellow. Go below, sir, and join your comrades. I'll he with you presently. I was left alone, feeling' weak alid utterly unable to move, yet-there was a freshness in the pure morning air which soothed and refreshed me. Out through the parting of the curtain I could see afar off, o'er, the distant hills, the landscape bright" and green, while the low tinkling of sheep hells' and the lowing of cattle came faintly on my ear. How diffe rent this calm/ peaceful morn— light and glorious— to "the dark aiid terrible pande monium of a preceding" night. A light footstep, lit the open doorway re called my wandering thoughts. It was Lucy Cranbourne. I noticed her face was pale, and there was a tired look about lifer eyes, like those who pass through some sudden and painful ordeal. " "X hope you are better, Captain Temple,'.' she suid in a soft tone, but without looking at me; "I feur the light'. is too much for you." . : "Not at all, I thank you, Miss Cran bourne. X shall he glad to have the window opened a little wider. The fresh breeze is delightful." She moved to the window, and then said, "Dr. Soundribb requested . mamma and my self to' nurse you, for . a day or two until— until the worst, symptoms are .over. .We were cautioned not to excite you with talk, and you were to remain quite passive. Y'ou understand?" 1 - "The doctor is very good." "Is the window open sufficiently, sir?" "Thanks, yes. Won't, you sit down. 1 want to, ask " ' "l'ardon me, you must not ask anything— at present," she responded quickly, - but without turning. "Do be ' obedient, or Dr. Soundribb will be so angry with me." .."But, dear Miss Cranbourne, pray listen to me for a moment. . I ' " "Sir, the doctor has. . strictly forbidden you to converse in any way." "I wish the' doctor at— at— Jericho." "Captain Temple!". "No, no, I do not iri'cnn that. Dr. Soundribb.is a very nice old gentleman, and I have ample fait h in his 'skill as a physician, hut — X— " : - . "All! I shall he compelled to retire and send maimnn," interrupted my fair nurse; turning her look upon mo for the ..first "Pray,, do not go. : I will he as dumb as the Sphinx." i - ' "Very well. I will- give you some medi cine. After that, if you are good, mind, I will read you a- poem by Victor Hugo." Amid tnc cadence of her tuneful voice, I dosed off into a slumber which both strengthened and refreshed me. When X awoke the sun was low and fast receding, be hind Mount Eden, whose hoary apex pierced Hie clouds. Through the still open window came the perfume of flowers from tlie garden beneath and the low hum of voices. All nature seemed merging into that deep hush and repose which steals upon a country scene when daylight fudes from it; the dim and dusky gloaming, with the slumbrous sound of trees over all, tell ing that night and peace are settling down upon the busy world, where care sits throned by day. Long I lay in the shadowy twilight, un til by some strange movement of the lower end of my couch, I saw I was not alone. Some one with bowed head was on their knees, supplicating earnestly for my re covery. It was Lucy Cranbourne, and iu the unconscious and simple outpouring of her gentle heart she revealed to mc that mv love for her was reciprocated. 1 waited until her devotions were ended. Then I stretched forth my hand, and clasp ing hers, cried, "Lue.v, dear Lucy." Mr. — Captain Temple! You are awake, she gasped. . . , "Aye, I have just emerged out of a tie- lighttul dream, in which there were only two persons— you and I, dear Lue.v. I pray you, do not dispel the vision, for I want it to be with me all my life." , I felt the slender hand in mine tremble, but there was no attempt made on her part ' to withdraw it. ' j J "God knows how I loved you, darling, I but I have wanted the presumption to " tell | you so. I have said to myself, 'Who would : care to mate with such a gadfly as I am?j' A fellow who has neither profession nor calling, who at best is only fit to be shot by the Maories?' " .1 No reply, only a greater tremor of the! dear little hand. ' "I had vowed to get away from here as ! soon as possible, ana take my secret with ' me, but a man may bear pain and fatigue and hunger with Spartan fortitude, and yet; cry out when love pinches him. Lucy, say you will try and love me — just a little?" "I.will try," she responded, after a pause, but in a tone so low that she had to repeat it. . . . Ah, me, who shall dare to say that men do not get a glimpse of Paradise betimes, fleeting and transitory though it be? The darkiiess gathered apace, and shut us within its shroud while we talked. "Dr. Soundribb and his injunctions were as utterly forgot ten as if the worthy man had been twenty fathoms beneath the waves of the Pacific Ocean. I never thoroughly comprehended how it came about that my right arm became some how encircled round the slim waist of my nurse, nor how my thick moustache got into such close — very close— proximity to her pouting lips. It all came about because of those refractory, pillows, which by some strange edict of fate were either too high or too low, and of courae necessitated Liisy set ting them right, and' in so doing gave me an opportunity that no mortal man m my posi tion could resist. All I am certain about is that, taking advantage of the blissful mo- merit, we wore in the severith sphere of . su preme rapture, when Dr. Soundribb and Mrs. Cranbourne suddenly entered theroom with. lights.. . . - "Goa bless my. soul and body; what does this mean?" erics the doctor, elevating liis eyebrows to the apex of his bald head iu as tonishment. "Humph.. Eh? You're bet ter now — eh?" "Thank you, doctor, I— I— feel— a— much hotter." "Of course you do," quoth the doctor, with a sarcastic grin. "D n my old wig— madam I crave ten. thousand pardons for so far forgetting myself— hut this beats anything in my experience. We shall re quire another' nurse, da — sh my buttons. Eh?" ...... My recovery was very . tardy for some time, but after two or three weeks I was able to leave my bed and lounge on the ver andah, with Lucy for my companion. The old snuattcr and his wife were quite satis- fied with my darling's choice, and all that remained for me to do was to get well "as soon as possible. , How the days and the weeks "sped by amid these .pleasant walks and the drives round about Ferndale. Then at length eame a letter from head-quarters complimenting me upon my successful defence of the settle ment, and a poste'ript with the information that the. Commanding Officer had been pleased to proinote me to the command of a troop. I was requested to join without de lay, if I could bear the fatigue of the journey to Wanganui. "And you must really go to-morrow. Must it verily' be to-morrow, Walter?" says Lucy clinging to my arm. "To-morrow, darling, but our parting will be very- brief, I trust. Come, the night dew is falling; let us go within and spend the last evening all together." ' ' "Walter, Walter. Where are you? You naughty boy, why you've been asleep. Fie, sir. Ifere's papa and Paul, with Dr. Sound ribb, driving up the avenue." I started up and rubbed my eyes. "I really- believe I have been dozing, my dear Lue.v." "Dozing, you careless fellow. Here are our visitors) nnd no one to receive them. Are you not -ashamed of yourself?" ' "No, dearest, for I have been dreaming of that time when you and I met at 'Paul Cranbourne's wedding.' " My little wife nestles up to my bosom, and from her upturned blue eyes, I read a world of unutterable tenderness and love in their clear depths. 