A TARDY TREASURY. GHOST WALKS SLOWLY. A THEATRICAL SUIT. CASE DISMISSED. At tin? District Court this aflernoon Murtyn Ilug.ui and Lucy I lagan aued Abraham J. Green, of Bourke street, for LU (is 8d. Tho particulars set forth that the money waa due for six performances1 at the BIJou Theulrc ut L3 Gs 8d eacn.; and two matinee performances ut LI 1fis Id. Off this amount Li2 had bcen;puld. In cash leaving a bnluncetof Lit C« 8d Mr II. H. Cole appeared for the eoni-i plalnants, nnd Mr Levy for the defen dant. The defence was thut defendant did! not know the corqptiiinantR ut Ml except that ho was instrumental In getting part of thclr-salarles paid. They woro en gaged by Miss Ada Junecn, and Green came to her usslstnnec to pay the sala ries. He took a mortgage over the scenery. Martyn Mngnn slated that ho took pari In the pantomime, Hohinsun Crusoe. He was originally engaged by Miss Ada Junecn. She engaged witness und his wife at L2Q per week and hulf salaries for matinees. They opened on Boxing night nud played until the following Monday. On Saturday night the call showed that the treasury (pay) would be nl 12 o'clock. Up to this time he hnd never seen Green. When they assembled on Monday ut 12 o'clock he noticed that the call hoard hnd- been altered lo fj o'clock.. At 2.39 witness saw Green. ' After. his arrival they got Ihelr money. While at "Treasury" he spoko to Green, ami. lie said, '.'You arc u!I right' now." Witness replied/ "Yes: now I've- got my money I'm all right." Witness also expressed pleasure nt having such n man uh Mr Green at tho head,' ns they would have more confidence In the com pany. Messrs Ford uml Gourlay- were present. They suggested that they should get their money nightly. Green said thut he could not see w' y that could not bo arranged. After the show was over on Monday night they saw Green, und talked the mutter over. Defen dant said that he would coine down on the following night.- During the first scene they saw defendant, dnd demanded their money. Unless they got It they kuM they would not continue their per-: Corinamv. Green came around to the! back, nnd puld witness LO/ Mr Gourlay LU, und Mr Ford LI. Witness said that, there was a balance r.f Ifis -««i. Defen dant said that he would muke that up' later on. On Wednesday nnd Thursday he also 't'Gcolvud Lfi. On Friday.. night, hu did not receive any salary, and the show closed on the Kith. Mr Levy: Originally you were engaged by MJks J uneen'.'— Yes. Tho agreement wnn verb-il? — Yes. How long woro you engaged for ?— For the run of the pantomime; hot less than four weeks. Wus Lhnt contract between Miss ,Tu- ncen and you ever rescinded 7—1 looked upon !! ns rescinded. - Did you ever spculc about the contract being nl uu end?— No; I never spoke abouL it. Well, how can you look to Mr Green for your mtmVy if the contract between you timV Miss Juneen bud nut been re scinded? . 'Mr Coif? objected us that was u ques-j tlun of law. | Mr Levy: Very well.'. Who handed. you your money?— Mr Anderson. Is Mr Anderson- manager for Miss Ju- iicen ?— I cannot sny. . _ Did Green advance money to pay the salaries?— Yes, Did ho say that he was going to take over tiie show?— Yes: he suld that ho wus going lo manage it, William Gouriuy/ Lucy Hugan, John Fordto nnd other members of The com pany gave corroborative evidence, For the defence,' Mr Levy contended that his client could not- be held mqmn-: rlble -for. Miss Juncen'K debts unless there was an agreement In writing. Miss Junecn/ he stated, went Lu Mr Green -and asked him to go guarantee for L35. Me did so.- Green \\\:is only Miss Jiincen's client. Mr Wilson hnd taken possesion Of all the takings since the. first week. Ada Junecn stated that she was lessee for the pantomime, liohinson Crusoe for the' season. ' Mr Wilson was the lessor. Witness engaged Mr and Mrs Hagan. They wore paid thl'lr Hi at week's wages. Pari of the money came from the ofllce nnd the balance was KtippllL-d by. Mr Green, The .latter hud a lien, ou her goods' uud 'ehatttfls. ' Wltnbss.dld not look upon Grot-n tus li partner. ' Mr Cole: But he has rendered himmtlf distinctly liable by entering Into a verbal agreement. Witness, continuing, said that there wiis ho notice. of -the agreement between her add Hagans being at an end. The: defendant gave (fvldence to the cdTect, that ho 'advanced Miss Juncen LfiO, subject 'to , a certain, /agreement. Subsequently Tlngu'n' bunded him a do cument ' tb the effect tlmt ho should gunranlee hhTaalury. Witness declined. However, lie nutde advances under n certain contract/ This wus to the effect that he hud a contract of sale over/the wardrobe and scenery. .To. Mr Luvy: Tlu wus never'a partner of Miss Junecn's, nor did be share in the profits/ ' Mr Cote: Oh, you fire a 'philanthropist? —Yes. " ' ' You lend people money without Inter est V(smltlng)— Yes. > , Ami. you .,111b schedules for, nothing?— . It nli' depends what, kind of 'u Utile es tate is behind it/ . A'nd gel yoiireolf nppoln|ed trustee?— Ohf ho. 1 havo souielhlng bolt(?r than that— a little .double. (Laughter). Air Nlcolflun,; P.M., did uot consider the claim maintained, and dismissed tho 'Air Levy. did not press for costs.' . 