'.;''. . THE STORYTELLER. PAID IN ITOL. On all the long, lonely road stretching away to the skyline, and glaring white under the scorching sun of an afternoon in late July, there was but one moving object, a slightly-built lad of seventeen, or thereabouts, who toiled slowly , on with drooping head and feeble, uncertain steps. The dust lay thick upon his clothing, and formed a black crust about his parched lips and the corners of his eyes. Thez'e was no shade to bs found anywhere. No grateful hedge of green, no sheltering wall, bordered the moorland road, which ran straight over the wolds, turning aside for no obstacle, in the uncompromising man ner of its original makers, the grim old ' Romans. The boy had walked twelve miles that day, without tasting a morsel of food, and the small remnant of his strength was fast deserting him. Had there been any wished for goal in front, the indication of a house, or even a tree, ne might have strug gled on a little longer ; but before, as well as behind, lay the dreary blankness of the far-spreading moors, a vast expanse of dull, depressing brown, unrelieved by a single spot of colour. With a despairing cry he fiung himself face downwards on the parched grass by the wayside. ' Might as well die and ha' done with it !' he groaned. Bob Carley, poor lad, had suffered a most cruel and unexpected reverse of for tune. But a month ago he was one of the happiest youngsters at Newmarket, clever at his work, trusted by his master, and bid ding fair to reach a high place in his prof8s Bion ; now he was homeless, friendless, penniless. And yet no crime, or even neg lect, had been laid to Bob's charge; his misfortunes were wholly unmerited. He bad been given the mount on one of his employer's horses in a certain race, with strict injunctions not to win, as the animal was 'only out for an airing,' andhehad been unfortunate enough to win— that was all. He had followed his instructions to the letter, and had his horse well in hand at the distance, when some malicious rider in his rear gave the animal a stinging oat with his whip. The wilful thoroughbred shot oat instantly, and, in spite of all Bob's efforts, won the race in a canter. There was no preventing the unlucky victory,. unlesB by deliberately pulling up before the eyes of the stewards, which would have been fatal to the young jockey's prospects. Bat, unfortunately, Bob had to pay the penalty. His master stormed and raved, and, notwithstanding his vehement and tearful protestations of innocence, dis charged him on the spot. Bob, of course, was supposed to have ridden the race to suit his own book ; and there were not wanting calumniators to say he had made a good thing out of it. At all events, no trainer would look at him afterwards, and the poor fellow left Newmarket on a hope less quest for employment. After many a fruitless tramp he made his way to Newcastle for the summer meeting, with the lingering hope that some North country trainer might be found to give him a job. - But Bob's luck, as he put it to himself, was dead out, and he failed to ob tain the humblest situation. With the recklessness of despair he risked his last iew shillings on the Northumberland Plate, and lost them. Then there was nothing for it but to face the long two hundred miles that lay between him and the south, where he might possibly' find a friend or two. Bob never carea to dwell much upon this portion of his experiences ; he says he wouldn't wish his worst enemy such a time. It was on the third day after leaving Newcastle that he found himself upon the Yorkshire moors, where he believed his young life was to have an untimely ending. Half an hour passed by, seeming an aqe to the luckless wayfarer, a prey to the twin fiends of thirst and hunger, when tho familiar sound of hooks fell upon his ear, and he was aware of a horse cantering briskly on the turf at the wayside. Tho lider waa at thG opposite side of the road, and Bob never raised his head. It hadn't occurred to him to bag, and the tears of weakness and distress had been dropping from hi3 eye3, so he kept his hands ovor his face. But tho horao was palled up close to him, and a swoet voice, full of kindly solicitude, was heard io ask — ' What is the matter ?' Kaising his head, iJob beheld what ho filways maiutainod to bo tho noaivah ap proftoh to an an^e! ho w.13 evor likoly to see. It was a lovaly young lady whosa eyes, in colour like the summer sky, were bent upon him with a look of heavenly pity. Beneath her low-crowned hat was visible a mas 3 of hair that gleamed in the sunlight like burnished gold ; hex perfectly fitting habit revealed the symmetry of a slender, womanly figure, and she sat her horse, a fiae slashing chestnut, as one to the manner born. No woader tha half-starved l«d was dazzled by this radiant vision. He stag gered to bis feet, and sUred at the lady in dumb bewilderment. ' You seem in trouble,' she said ; adding to herself, 'Poor boy] bo can scarcely stand.' Then Bob recollected himself sufficiently to pull off his cap, and make answer : ' I am just about done up, ma'am — miss.' ' You have come a long way?' 'All the way from Newcastle, miss; and I ain't had a bib to eat since yesterday morning.' 'Oh, h-w dreadful!' The friendly sympathy of the speaker's tones fell upon the lad's bruised and wounded spirit like dew from heaven upon the thirsty earth.' ' A few questions elicited the main facts of Bob's pitiiul story, and the young lady pondered over them for a minute or two. It did not occur to her to cross question him. Indeed, the tale was told so simply and straight-forwardly, and there was such a look of truth in the boy's open brown eyes that even a more experienced person might have hesitated to doubt. him. ' Then you undarstand the management; of horses 1' she asked, at last. ' Oh yes, ma'm,' replied Bob, ' I've, been five years among 'em.' She beckonad to the groom who had bsen riding behind her, and he held the chestnut while 8ho took out a card-case and pencilled something on the back of one of her cards. 'About ten miles from hera,' she said, ' at a place called Hilifbld there is a train iag stable. You must try to make your way there by to-morrow morning ; ask for a gentleman named Brookton, and give him this.' Just the least little touch of pink came into the young lady's cheeks as she handed the card to Bob. ' I know he will be there some time to morrow,' she went on, ' and you must wait till he 'comes; I think be will help you. And this may be of use for the pre seut,' she smiled, putting some loose silver In his hand. ' Down in tha hollow to the right there is a little village, where you will ba able to get something to eat. Can you manage to walk so far ! It is not uiura luua a coupie 01 miles. ' Oh, yes, miss,' returned Bob, ' you've cheered me up wonderful.' Then he tried to utter some words of thanks, but his heart was too full. His eyes, however, dim with a grateful moisture, spoke eloquently for him, and his benefac tress smiled, well pleased. ' Mind you do credit to my recommenda tion,' and nodding kindly, she' rode away. Bob's eyes remained fixad upon her as long as she was in sight, and when she had disappeared over the brow of the hill he said to himself, with intense earnestness: ' If I don't, may I be d ? d !' Bob didn't mean any harm by a small swear ; it was his method of vowing fidelity to his future master. '''With renewed life and energy, and a spring in his gaif^ which an hour ago would have bean absolutely impossible for him — such is the magic influence of hope — Bob set out for the village indicated by the beautiful stranger. It was a tiny little place, of a dozen houses or so, but, fortu nately, it was able to boast of a small beer house, where the famished lad was able to obtain some bread and cheese and a mug of home-brewed ale. No food or drink ever tasted so delicious to hungry mortal. Feeling himself his owu man again, he decided on trying to reach Hillfield that evening, as there still remained some hours of daylight. The landlord of the humble hostelry showed him a path over the wolds by which a conple of miles ? might be saved, and he took to his feet; onco more. The crisp, springy turf of tho moors was a welcome exchange from the hot, dusty road, and Bob marched along bravely, oven breaking into a snatch of a aong now aud again. But when the sun went 'down, and dark neso began to settle over the wide-spreading moorland, tho uncomfortable conviction grew npori him that ho had lost his way. By this time he should, have boon near Hiilfield, but there was no sign of habita tion anywher8 about. Clearly, there was nothing for it but camping out, but this was not much of a novelty ; and making himself a cosy couch of soft, dry heather, he was soon Houud asleep. He awoke just as day was breaking, and, feeling rather cold and stiff, be aet Out walking briskly, so as to get h'u blood into circulation. He had a general idea of .the direction iu which he had cjme, and bent his steps towards the opposite point of the compass. It was not long before he came upon a well-defined path running at right angles to the line he waa pursuing, and, turning to the left, a quarter of an hour's sharp walk iag brought him to the brow of a bill com manding an extensive view. Some objects moving in the valley be neath caught his eye, and instantly Bob threw himself fht on his face. Three horses, hooded and sheeted, with small boys perched upon their backs, and accom panied by a man on a pony, were cantering alonx easilv, at less than half-a-mile's distance. Bob's experienced eye quickly made them out to ba racehorses, and the unnsu d earliness of the hour — as yet it was only in the grey dawn— convinced him that their business was of a secret nature, most probably a trial. By pure accident he had stumbled upoa theHillfi'ld training ground, and at a particularly - interesting moment too. Bib was possessed of a fair share of common-sense, and ho saw that it would by no means improve his prospects of employment to be discovered prying into stable secret.', 30 he gob oub of sight with the utmost expedition. A handy gorse-patch offered a convenient screen, and here he ensconced himself in s-ueh a posi tion as to be able to see all tint w-ts going on, while completely hidden from view. The ami on the pony proceeded towards one end of a level stretch, of rather better than a mile in length, the others moving to the opposite extremity. Arrived here, the lads dismounted, and quickly pro ceeded to divest the thoroughbreds of their clothing. Having remounted, one of them walked his horse along for about fifty yards, and then set off at fall gallop, the others instantly following in his wake. ' He's trying them two,' said Bjb to himself. One was a leggy-looking chestnut with a blaze on his face, and four white stockings; the other a dark bay of splendid propor tions, looking a racer every inch of him. ' The bay must be giving a lot of weight away,' was B -b's comment. Before half the distance had been covered, the leading horse whose mission it was to make a pace for th-) others, was overhauled, and dropped out of the fray. Then a magnificent trial of speed ensued between the two competitors. First one would get his head in front, and then the other, till they came withing a hundred yards of the trainer, as Bob supposed him to be. Tnere the chestnut began to forge ahead, and in spite ot the moat strenuous exertions on the part of the rival jockey, won rather easily at least by a conple of lengths. After a turn or two to get them cool, tho clothing was pat on again, and the whole cavalcade trGtted off towards a big square house at the other end of the valley, which Bob rightly conjectured to be his destination. Ho had brought some bread and cheeee from the inn, so ho made a very tolerable breakfast, afterwards washing his face and hands in a brackish pool. It would bo no use to present himself at Hillfield for hours to come, as Mr. Brookton was unlikely to put in an early appoarancu at the -stable, and to while away tho time he took out the young lady's card, which he had wrapped carefully in a piece of newspaper, and looked at it for at least tho tenth time. It bore the same of ' Grace,Morland,' and on the back was written — ' Find some work for tha bearer, as a favor to — G.' Bob had to hang about'for a considerable time before the gentleman turnod up, and another lung interval passed bofoie he was able to got to speak to him. Mr. Brookton was a tall, good-looking young man of about five and twenty, with a pleasant manner, and a kindly look in his clear grey eyes. Miss Morlaud's card proved a suro pass port to his consideration, and when Bob told his story tho young gentleman asked a few questions as to his experience and capacity. ' Well, I don't know how Brumby is fixed,' he said, ' but something shall be found for you, if possible.' Bob looked longingly after the card, which, he noticed, was put carefully away in a pocket book. He would have given a great deal — for him — to be able to retain it. ' I'll bet he's dead gone on her,' waa the lad's simple thought. 'And no won der,' he added with a heavy sigh, for the soft, azure eyes had played havoc with his susceptible heart. The trainer, a lean, yellow- faced man with sinister, shifty eyes, cross- questioned the stranger- minutely, and at last gave a grudging assent to his being employed ps an extia hand, till he saw how he ' framed.' Bob, however, was overjoyed to find even ' ? a temporary haven, and entered upon his new duties with eager alaciity. Before he had been long at. work something occurred that set him thinking deeply. A bay horse - was led out for Mr. Brookton's inspection, which Bob at once reconised as the second in that morning's gallop. The appearance and progress of the animal were discussed by the owner and trainer, but not a word was said about the trial that had taken place at daybreak. This seemed passing strange to tta lad, and he could not help fancying there was some underhand busi ness afoot. ' I'll lay my life that there Brumby has some game of his own on,' was Bob's con clusions, and there and then he made up his mind to be ever on the watch. Perhaps he might be able to discover something , of importance to Mr. Brookton, and thus' prove his gratitude to Miss M 01 land. Bob had noc been long at Hillfield be fore he found out all about Miss Morland. She was the only child of a wealthy squire of the neighborhood, and had been en gaged to Mr. Brookton for a considerable time. They would have been married be fore now, so it was said, but for the young man's reverses on the turf. In fact so seriously had the young man impaired his property that there was just a possibility of the match being broken off altogether. All Mr. Brookton's hopes, said Bob's ii formant, were centred in the bav horse, Bronzewing, who haii been first favorite for the Merepool Cup. His owner had backed him heavily, and, in stable phrase, had a ' regular raker.' The white-legged chestnut, which was also Mr. Brookton's property, was engaged in the same race, but was not supposed to have the ghost of a chance as long as tha favorite kept well. The young gentleman arrived very early one morning, and it was given out that there was to be a trial. Bronzewing and the chestnut, Montrose, together with a third. horse to make the running for them, were despatched to the training groand, whither tbey were shortly followed by Mr. Brookton and Brumby. Greatly to his disgust, the new stable-lad was not al- ' lowed to form one of the party, but he consoled himself with tho reflection that he had seen it all before. When they came back Bob noticed that the owner of Bronzewing seemed to be in excellent spirits, and as the horses were being returned to their boxes he heard him , remark to the trainer : ' I don't suppose there will be any good in running Montrose, will there ? ' ' Oh, 1 should'nt say that, sir,' returned ' the trainer. ' For one thing, it will open bis eyes a bit ; and, besides, it may be a jreat advantage for Bronzewing to have something to make a pace for him.' ' Well, I'll think it over,' returned Brookton, and the rest of the conversation ivas inaudible to Bob. At the first opportunity he asked one of ;he lads which of the two had won the trial. ' Oh, Bronziwing easy,' was the reply. Considering what be had himself seen on ;he previous occasion this was astonishing lews to B.»b, and now, more than ever, he v-is conviucad there was foul play going on. [f things were as thpy should be, wby had he former trial been kept dark ? For, ? although Bob had thrown out several oelers, he hid failed utterly to discover myone would could throw the small ray of igbt upon the trausactior.8 at daybreak. It all events, none of the stable lids would idmit any knowledge of the matter ; and it vas evident that whoever were concerned in t mast have been strictly bound to secrecy. )f course, tbe horse might not have carried he same weights as on the first trial, hough that was scarcely likely. Above all, vhy was Mr. Brookton kept in the dark tboub the formor affair ? For that ho was gnorant of it, Bob folt assured. The vholo thing was a mystery. The lad might have puzzled his brains -vor the matter for long enough, and been lone the wiser, but for a most surprising md unforeseen piece of good luck. A. souple of duys alter the trial, just about tfoiikfnst time, a dog-cart was driven into ho yard, and a vulgar-looking tnan^ con Biderably over-dressed, got down, 'calling out in a very pompous way for some one to put his horse up. One of the lads asked Bob to lend a hand, and the horse was taken out of the shafts. 'Who is that ?' /asked Bob, when the man had gone into the house. 'Don't know him from Adam,' was the reply. ' Looks a good deal like a book maker.' When the animal's wants had been attended to, the other lad went into break fast, and Bob was left alone in the yard. He noticed that the window of Brumby's . office, which looked out into the stable?, was open, and at that moment he saw the stranger being being shown into the room. A sudden impulse took possession of him, and he made up his mind- to hear some of the conversation about to take place, let the consequences be what they might. The resolve was not prompted by a very exalted sense of honor, perhaps, but then he was only a poor stable-lad, and he would not have hesitated at a much more questionable act, if he could only do a service to the gracious lady who had, as he fully believed, saved him from death Bob walked noisily across to the kitchen door, then turned and crept silently along the wall till ho was right under the win dow, the sill of which was uo more than a yard above his head. There was not a soul about, and he could hear every word as plainly as if he were in the room. Put briefly the substanoe of what he learned was this : Brumby had discovered, quite by accident, that Montrose, who had betn a very backward two-year-old, had improved marvellously ia the last few months. In the Merepool Cup the handi capper had allotted him the very lenient impost of 6 it. 71b.; while Bronzawing, always a creditable performer, though hitherto an unlucky one, had 8st. to carry. Even with that substantial weight both the trainer and his employer looked upon the race aa a good thing for him, and, as Bob had hoard, the young gentleman's future praotically depended on Bronzewing's victory. la the secret trial Brumby had ascertained beyond doubt that Montrose was a good three lengths the better at the weights, and immediately conceived the idea of a splendid coup on Lis own account. With the assistance of a bookmaking confederate named Moss- — the person who was now closeted with him — Montrose had been quietly backed to win a great stake, a matter easy of accomplish ment owing to the pronounced favoritism of his stable companion. In addition to this, Moss had been steadily laying against the favorite, and intended launching out further in this direction on the day of the iace. Altogether, the precious pair looked forward confidently to making their for tunes over the Merepool Cap, coolly indif ferent to the inevitable ruin their villainy 'must entail upon poor youDg Brookton. In the public trial Montrosa had really carried a stone more than his proper weight, so that his owner was completely hoodwinked. Brumby had no doubt about being able to persuade his employer to run Montrose, for, as he contemptuously re marked to his confederate : ' Ha's such a mug there's no crodit in foolin' him.' Having lingered aa long as he could venture with safety Bob stole away and joined his companions at the breakfast table. But for once his appetite completely failed him. He was in a furious rage against the pair of cold-blooded swindlers, as well as frantic to think how utterly powerless he was to circumvent their abominable plot. If ho were to tell Mr. Brookton all ho know, it was almost any odds against his being believed. How could a straightforward, honorable- young gentleman liko him credit the existence of such foul treachery ? Tho first thing he would do would be to go and question Bramby, and theD, as Bob succinctly put it, 'all the fat would bo in the firo.' Even if Mr. Brookton were to sotatch Montro36 it would be of no use, for it ivaa scarcely likely a' pair of ruffians like Moss and Brumby would let Brouzewing win after having laid against him. No, tho matter must be kept quiet. — for the presout at all events — and ho must set himself unaided to tho task of Bpoiling tho ' plunt.' But how ? ? That was, indoed, a question bard to anuwer. Bob racked his brains by day and by night, till ho grow quite pnlo nnd haggard looking, but never a plan could ho dis cover worthy of a second thought. As a JaBt rosource ho had made up his mind to to'l all lo Mr. Brookton, hoping to con vince him by hie earnestness aud sincerity, when an accident occurred that cmibuiI him to defer that proceeding for a while Mont rose was by no means a good-temperod colt, and one morning he lashed out at his stable attendant, breaking a couple of hia rib3. The important part of it to Bob was that he was installed in the injured lad's place. The Merepool Cup would be run in a few days, and ho knew that he should have to accompany the horse. Thus, chances were afforded him on which he had never reckoned, and, with a slice of luck, he thought he could see his way to putting Messrs. Brumby and Co.' properly in the car^.' The horses were sent to Merepool the day before the race, and stabled at an inn near the course. Bob and Bronzawing's attendant went in the horse-box, and Brumby also travelled by the same train. Tho accommodation at the small hostelry was limited, and no boxes being available, the thoroughbreds were put up ia a two ttalled stable. Ia the morning they were taken out for a gallop on tho course, and when breakfast wag over, and the two lads returned to their charges, Bob felt-that the time had come fur seitling Montrose. He dida't want to injure the horse, merely to prevent Mb winning ; and what he had in his mind must be done as near to the time of the race as possible. However, he was de termined to take advantage of the Erst convenient opportunity, and leave the result to Providence. He waited and waited, for hours upon hours as it seemed to him, yet the longed for chance would not come. Brumby was a fixture in the yard that morning. He walked up and down chewing a straw, or leant against the stable d'or while he smoked his cigar, and Bob's heart grew sick within, him. Of course, it was still open to him to reveal the plot to Mr. Brookton, but that, he considered, would be a poor, tame alternative. What Bob wished for was something much more dramatic. He wanted to have the con spirators assured of the triumph, their hopes of victory excited to the highest possible pitch, and theu — retribution. Shortly after twelve o'clock there came a welcome diversion in the shape of Mr. Brookton. The cheery young fellow had a pleasant word for everybody, and was loud in his praises of Bronzewing's looks. ' He's a perfect picture,' he said. ' I think he'll show them his heels to-day, Brumby ? ' 41 There's nothing in the race to touch him, sir,' returned the trainer, with easy confidence. , ' Oh you lying beast ! ' muttured Bob, under his breath. ' Well, we must drink to his success,' said Brookton. ' dome along, Brumby,' and he turned into the inn by a side door, followed by the trainer. ' Now or never,' thought Bob. ' Got a cig, Jemmy ?' he asked his companion. ' Not the ghost of one,' was the reply. ' Well, here'a a tanner ; go and get a packet — there's a shop just round the corner.' ' What if the boss should come 1' put in Jemmy. . 'Oh, he's all right Lr a quarter ofJ an hour — look sharp!'' The boy ran off, and Bob went into the stable. Wnen Jioioiyratumad with 1 he cigarettes a few miuu.ea later thora was u look .on Bob'a face as of a man who had performed an arduous duty to his entiro'sjttisfaction. In thj r-co for tho Marepool Cap Mont roso was first away, and he lod his field a lively danca for about threoquartors of a mile. Tiieu ho oltapsod suddenly — shut up liko a knife, tho experts said — and was seen no more in tho race. As he witnessed the shattering of his hopes, a wild- eyod, white-faced man on the trainer's stand was biting his lip through in his effort to keep back the fb.od of profanity that was surging to his mouth. ' He's been got at 1 ' ha hissed between hia e'enchod tooth, 'nobbled, by ? ' Then cimo a roar of ' Brorzawing ! Tho favoutita wins!' — and that good horse, shooting out with the race in hand, passed the post an easy winner. ' Congratulata you, Brumby,' said a brother trainer, clapping him heartily on tho back. ' You've done tho trick this titno, old man I' Brumby shook him off with an angry uatb, which made tho other bttuo in sur prise, and rush madly down to tho paddock. Ho was just in time to see Brookton, his handsome face flushed with delight, leading in the winner. It was a bitter pill for the baffled vogue, but he had to swallow it with the best grace he could muster. Montrose walked in with the crowd, and as the jockey dismounted Bramby- came up to him in a white heat of rage. ' What the ? -has happened ?' he growled, The lad scowled back at him. ' Well, it strikes me you ought to know. I should say he's had a bucket of water— that's about the size of it.' 'Good Lord!' groaned Brumby, 'do you suppose I should go stopping the horse I stood to win a fortune over — ' 'Well, then, somebody else has gone and put you properly in the hole,' returned the j jckey. ' And me too, d ? n him !' he added ruefully. The lad had backed the presumed good thing tor rather more than he could afford, and was inclined to be crusty in conse quence. Brumby was in a quandary. He could not make a tuss over the supposed nobbling without letting in more light on his crooked proceedings than would have been at all prudent. But he strongly suspected Bob. He had nover liked the boy, and felt, some how, that the feeling was mucual. At the first opportunity he questioned him. ' Did you give any water to M int rose this morning T And Bob, looking him fairly and squarely in the face made answer : 'Not a drop.' If Brumby had succeeded in verifying his suspicions, there ia no doubt he would have inflicted a serious vengeance upon Bob, but the opportunity was not afforded him. He was completely ruined by his losses, and before many days the bailiffs weie in possession of Hillfield and its tenant had fled. Bob Carley, however, soon found a new place with Mr. Brookton, who was giving up the turf, but intended forming a small breeding stud. With rare magnanimity he never told his maBter how he had saved him from being ruined by the victory of his own horse. It was reward enough for him to know that the debt of gratitude owing to his sweet young mistress had been paid in full. — Truth. 