Second Day. Stepping out of the sunshine of a glorious morning on October 11th, and entering the Centenary Hall, one was struck with the spirit of expectancy which brooded over the audience- Something important was to be said, something definite was to be dorle. The Rev. D. O'Donnell occupied the chair, and on the platform sat the Revs. R. Bavinj M. Maddern, Dr. Potter, and towards the end of the meeting they were joined by the Revs. J. \Vat8ford, Allen Webb, and W G. Taylor. But apart from men and things, one was conscious of God's presence, and when we bowed bbfore him, ' Jesus Him t-elf drew near,' and spoke to our hearts. Rev. S. C. KENT (Ang.), Melbourne. Some good singing followed, and then the Chairman, rising, said that the theme of the present Convention ' was Pentecostal Christianity,' and at the beginning of the meetings he wished to define what that was. It might be summarised in a few words — ' They were all filled with the Holy Ghost.' In Acts ii. 2 we read of the sound as of a rushing mighty wind, which 'filled all the house.' What Pentecostal Christianity meant was that every soul should be filled with the Spirit as that house was filled with the sound. It is impossible in a short notice of this charac ter to report his address fully, but those who have heard the Rev. D. O'Donnell speak can guess what followed in his further remarks. He testified to the per sonal experience of what he was speaking about, and in his ever earnest and forcible way took of the things of God and revealed them unto. men. 'While we heard no rushing wind, Nor saw a fiery token, Our hearts were deeply stirred, For God had spoken.' Closing his address, the chairman spoke of the outward manifestation of the spirit filled soul. (1) Fearless testimony, em Rev. A. WEBB (Bapt.), Qeelong. bracing, of course, personal experience ; (2) courage ; (3) aggressive enterprise. The Convention, he said, was not held that people might have ' a good time,' or hear interesting addresses, etc., but that their lives might be literally transformed by the f eling of the Holy Ghost. After another hymn, the Rev. R. Bavin followed with an address showing clearly how this great truth 'works out' when believed in and accepted. There waB much said which one would like to chronicle, but space forbids. The Rev. A. W. Webb en gaged in prayer. It was like a whiff of Geelong to hear his voice, and brought back to memory the recollection of the great Con vention so recently held there. The morning service closed at 12 15 and the Business Men's meeting began at 1.15, the interval being allowed for dinner. Small cards had been distributed, announciug this mid-day meeting, and it was encouraging to note a good number of men present, and and particularly to find a business man in the chair, viz., Mr. Wm. White. Special reference was made to the life and work of business men, by the Rev. J. W. Holden, and the remedy for all difficulties was pre sented in the gift and acceptance of the Holy Ghost. The afternoon meeting started, at 3, and a large number of people attended. The platform also was well filled, from twelve to twenty ministers of many denominations taking their seats thereon. The Rev. Father Watsford was the first speaker, and many rejoiced to see and hear once again the venerable apostle of Metho dism TVifi vftflTH liftvo fcnld nn Viim. roliifAn ing his hair and beard, and weakening his physical strength, but he is, and ever will be, a giant in the Lord. Pentecostal Rev. D. O'DONNELL (Wes.), Victoria. Christianity, he explained, was not the acceptance of something but Someone. Beginning with the advent of the Holy Spirit, Mr. Watsford briefly sketched his presence and power and work right onward along the line, and prayed he might be so manifested to-day that ' Sydney would be turned upside down. In his closing remarks he was most impressive, as with uplifted hands he stated in verse his belief that a great revival would come, and that thousands would be brought in. The Rev. W. M. Dill- Macky was the next speaker, and in his warm Irish im pulsive way he took his hearers through from the new birth to the Christianity of PentecoBt, and showed finally how the droppings of the coming shower were already falling in the union of the different denominations, the number of missions being held, and in the faith of God's children. It had been announced that tea would be provided for 100 at the Hall, and at 5. 30 many availed themselves of the opportunity of resting between the meetings and satis fied their temporal needs. A very good crowd gathered at the evening service, at 7.80, when the Rev. S. C Kent spoke in a most earnest and help ful way of 'the fulness of the blessing,' saying that if it came into the hearts of those present it would mean such a tranformation in Sydney as had never been seen. Telling a very beautiful story, he used it as an illustration of what the Great Master could do when He got oontrol of the human instrument and was at full liberty to play His own tunes. Following Mr. Kent, the Rev. Allan W. Webb spoke from Epb. iii., 17, and proved that Christ dwelling in the heart was Pentecostal Chris tianity, as ' the heart,' throughout the Scriptures meant the whole man, the centre of the affections, the Beat of the will — the Throne Room. Backing home the truth he taught by his own experience, Mr. Webb kept the attention of the people throughout, and made his meaning clear. Before any singing, the Chairman made a stirring appeal to all present to get to know by personal experience what Pentecostal Christianity meant, and quite a number rose to their feet as an expression of their determination to do so ; and so closed the first day of the Sydney Convention. 