A IISSING OPEIA BONNET. 'You don't intend to say that you are going-you ?' and handsome little Mrs. Hearne glanced up scornfully at the girl who had paused in the open doorway. Tall, straight, and lovely, her sleek black head held high, and with mocking laughter in her splendid grey eyes, Gwyneth Randolph looked back at her questioner. ' I-even I-intend to say that I am going to the opera with Mrs. Silester's illustrious party. Don't you see that I am arrayed for the distinguished occasion in my very best bib and tucker, with rings on my fingers and bells on my toes, with my inmost soul intent on con viviality and conquest ?' she answered in her sweet blithe young voice. Belle Hearne stared at her with cold, dissatisfied severity. ' I should like to know where you got that gown ?' Mrs. Hearne remarked un pleasantly. ' I am sure you never told me anything about getting it.' Miss Randolph swept her shimmering train across the threshold, and, with ecstatic little nods and twists, surveyed her dazzling reflection in the ancient mahogany-mounted cheval-glass at one end of the room. ' I never told you,' she repeated, with prompt concession as she craned her lovely ne:k to get a view of the white satin ribbon knotted at the back of her slim waist. ' Of course ! Learning to keep a secret is an important part of a woman's education-at least, if there is a possibility of her becoming the better half of an ambassador or consul, don't you know. How many thrones have toppled, how many crowns have been set awry, just because some statesman's wife had betrayed her husband's stratagems ?' Belle Hearn's handsome black eyes, snapped viciously. Her sudden pallor showed through the c tlyFrench powder, and her rouge was mere than evident. If you expect to capture Maurice Lispenard you will be disappointed,' she declared frigidly. ' He doesn't want any giddy, flightly chit ofa girl for his wife. He wants an accomplished woman with experience in society, and who will understand how to entertain the potentates of all nations. The way you talk of him is positively indecorous. ' My dear Belle, I really don't think I mentioned Mr. Lispenard's name at all,' protested Gwyneth, bestowing a sweet smile of tantalising unconcern upon the ruffled lady. One last radiant look at the reflection of that lovely vision in white satin and priceless old lace, and Gwyneth was back toward her own chamber. Have you a bonnet suitable to wear with all that ridiculous finery ?' Mrs. Hearne queried in her severest tones. ' Oh, havn't I though,' laughed merry Gwyneth..' A chlapeau d' opera, as dainty as a humming bird's crest. A con fection to ravish the souls of men and distract the dear ladies with envy. A gem and a triumph in silver braid, with an aigrette like a spray of crystallised dewdrops, and with the cutest little amethyst velvet bow perking over my left ear. A dream-a harmony ! a thing of beauty and a joy for an evening' With the merry, mocking laughter bubbling over her lovely lips, Gwyneth entered her own chamber and crossed over to her dressing bureau, where she had placed the new opera bonnet. But it was not there. Not a sign, not a trace of it wasvisible. ' And in the whole house there isn't a single person who could have touched it,' Gwyneth said to herself in be wilderment. Just then she heard a curious, whisking sound somewhere nutside her open windows. At the same moment she saw some thing-was it a ghost or imp, beast or human, shadow or substance ?-vanish through an open casement of an adjoining house. The two houses were separated by a space only some twenty inches in width and that particular casement was ten or more feet below her own windows. As she gazed down into the narrow chasm she felt more bewildered than before. Surely she could have seen no living thing ! What she heard must have been a little fitful gust of wind. And the vagrant breeze, most likely, had whisked her unlucky opera bonnet through the window, and had whirled it downward in an impish frolic, until it had finally fluttered into the open casement below. Gwyneth dropped into the nearest chair. Her delicate chin began to quiver. There was a biglumpswelling in her lovely white throat. Sa that was the end of her glorious anticipations ! There could be no opera for her that night. After all the triumph of discovering grandmamma's old court dresses in that big, quaint trunk in the garret; after all that whole week's planning, and fitting, and stitching ; after all her dreams of delight, she must stay at home! Oh, it was too bad i And there wasn't a bit of use trying fo recover the bonnet. That palatial mansion next door was empty, just as it had been for a year or more. And even if she could get the bonnet in time, even if such a thing were possible, it would tie ruined by that ignominious descent between those rough and dusty walls. She must stay at home. That was decreed and inevitable ! Belle Hearn's shrill, thin tones pene trated her seclusion.. ' Aren't you ready yet, Gwyneth ? The carriage has arrived. I do wish you would, hurry,' Mrs. Hearne called to her. And then the handsome little widow pushed aside the portiere of shabby tapestry and stared at her in surprised annoyance. ' WVell, of all things ! Here you are without even your bonnet on, while the carriage is waiting,' she exclaimed crossly. 'I'm not going,' Gwyneth replied desperately. 'A nice proceeding at the eleventh hour! I should like to know why ?' sniffed the other. \- Because, I'mn not going. Isn't that sufficient . Gwyneth retorted. And she emphasised her ' woman's reason' by a petulant stamp of one dainty little foot. ' Perhaps it's just as well,' murmured the lady 'I quite dreaded that you might mortify me before Mr. Lispenard by making some imbecile jest about I our property, or something. And I don't mind confessing that the gentle man is a great deal more to me than a friend.' Gwyneth was too crushed to attempt any of her wonted merry raillery, and when her cousin had departed, and the sound of hoofs and wheels had echoed away inthe distance, she let a few glitter ing salt tears drip unhindered down her lovely flushed cheeks. Mr. Maurice Lispenard was sitting before his fire of fragrant, resinous hem lock log. The house was very 'silent. and its sole illumination was that from the silver student's lamp on the desk beside him, and from the cheery blaze of the grate fire. He had purchased the man sion only a short time before, and as yet the library was the only habitable quarter. " SI wonder if Mrs. Silester's opera party is worth while ?' he pondered, as with one shapely white hand he pulled lazily at the corners of his golden moustache. ' I don't know that I care to he annexed by the lit:le widow Hearne !-those black eyes of hers re mind me almost too forcibly of my snapping, spitting, hemlock fire-it's very pretty as a spectacle, but too much of it would be uncomfortable !' Just then there was a thud, a wisk ing sound and a noisy chatter from an adjoining room. The next instant a nimble brown monkey bounded through the door and perched itself on the desk. beside Lispenard. Canted jauntily upon one side of its ugly, silky-haired black head was an ex quisite opera bonnet. Lispenard leaned back in his chair and laughed until the great, empty, lonely house rang with his mirth.' ' So, Nappy, you have been r nning away again, have you ?' And n this expeditian you have covered 'ourself with the glory of a lady's bonne(, instead of capturing your usual assortment of live stock-like-puppies and guinea pigs and albino rats. Upon my word, Nappy you are a worse brigand than your illustrious predecessor, who plundered all Europe,' the young man com mented. The animal grinned and gibbered, and undertook to transfer the spoils from his own head to that of his master. SI think I'll take care of the plunder Nappy.. There may bean owner search ing for it not far away,' said Lispenard. He secured his predatory companion, and started to investigate the matter. A waft of chill, damp air guided him to that open casement in theunlighted, dismantled room next the library. Lookingupward, he couldsee a gleaiii of gaslight with a flitter of lace curtains, and he heard something which sounded like a girl's half-sobbing exclamation. ' I wonder if the bonnet belongs to the handsome little widow Hearne ? I suppose I am bound to carry it over to her anyhow. 'Gad, I'd like to ring the neck of that wretched beast for getting me into such a confounded scrape,' he muttered. He enclosed the dainty chapeau very carefully in a loose wrap of tissue paper, and five minutes later he presented himself at the door of the grim, shabby old residence adjoining his own man sion. He was admitted by a dull, sleepy eyed servant, who pointed indifferently to the dining-room, and at once shuffled down the kitchen stairs. Lispenard entered the designated room with hesitation, and he had barely crossed the threshold when he paused in keen embarrassment. There was but one occupant. A young virl stood by the mantel, her sleek, black head bowed upon one bare arm, her white satin train shimmering, cloud-like, about her feet. She was unconscious of his presence, and Lispenard perceived that she had been weeping. He felt a curious thrill of pain as he paused there, uncertain whether he ought to advance or retreat. He finally decided that the latter would be the better part of gallantry, if not of valour. But, alas l at that moment the treacherous tissue paper began to tear somehow in his clumsy man's fingers, and the unlucky bonnet dropped with a soft rustle and thud upon the carpet. Gwyneth lifted her head and looked at him with her lovely, astonished eyes. ' I beg your pardon,' he began humbly, and with much trepidation.. 'I am the new owner of the house next door, and the bonnet was brought to me by a thievish monkey, of which I happen to be the most unfortunate possessor.' Gwyneth looked at the bonnet and sighed. The tears werestill wet on her lovely lashes. 'It doesn't matter now-now that they have all gone,' she faltered. ' I fear your evening has been spoiled,' he continued with quick comprehension. 'You had meant to go with the opera party, perhaps ? And I know how a trifle will somnetimes defeat one's p'ans ! I am Maurice Lispenard-an acquain tance of Mrs Hearne. And if you would allow me to escort you ? It isn't too late if we can start at once.' He was bending eagerly toward her. And how manly and winninghe looked, with the lisht shinnlng ont.hlss.dcurly. golden hair and showing every noble line of his fair, tanned, intellectual face. And this was Maurice Lispenard, who had been a consul or scimething to one of the great nations of the earth - the rich and distinguished gentleman whom Belle Hearne was scheming to capture by her practiced art and charms. It was the comedy of the affair-the de lightful, delicious absurdity of every thing-which was uppermost in Gym neth's mind. She lifted her splendid eyes with a bewildering, lovelysmile- -a smile which would have been the death warrant of Mrs. Hearne's chance of conquest, had such ever existed - a smile which mounted to Lispenard's brain like wine and sealed him Gwyneth's knight and liege lover for ever. ' It may not be to late, but it will be unconventional-which is worse,' she reminded him. And then a merry laugh bubbled over the lovely lips, and Lispenard joined her in the ringing mirth. WVhat is it which flashes from eye to eye and soul to soul, and reveals two Heavenmated spirits to each other ih a second of time ? In that momest those two knew they belonged to ca-h other, knew that they had met never to part again. ' Sweetheart, we must put that little opera bonnet of yours away among our heirlooms. That bonnet was a pro minent factor in the making of our happiness,' Gwyneth's husband re marked one day six months later, and shortly after their marriage. 'I think we owe Nappy something,' happy Gwyneth laughed, with a loveiy blush. ' Nappy shall have his honours. You are so precious to me, sweetest wife, that I could be grateful to the meanest thing on earth which had helped to lead us to each other,' Lispenard answered .tith sudden solemnity as he drew her to his heart.-Exchange. e-.-- 