V *-'.'? ?ftllsfrilnnrous. 'Flouii Milling. — It has 'boon docided to establish a second roller flour mill at .Young, with a csipiicitry of tun siiolcs por hour. Tliu necessary ciipitiil has been over-subscribed. A situ for Lho mill luvs been secured opposite thu present mill and abutting on tho railway lino. Machinery lias been ordered from England and America, to be erected and rendy for work next harvest. ??Mr. ?'?'J.'P. Oaulfiold bus issued a writ against tho proprietor of 'l'rutk, claiming £2000 damages in lofeionco to Sunday's artiulo in connection with the Cagey Institute. Tho directors of tho institute also contemplate issuing a writ for £5000. A Miss C.iiohno Mackenzie, thirty-fivo years of ago, was, in Melbourne, on Friday niglit, found lying on the floor of her bedroom with her throat cut, which deceased had clone with a piece of bhirp glass which sho had pulled from a blokon pino in the window of her bedroom. ' It is supposed she took her lifo because her uncle, Mi John M'Crei, who died suddenly on ^the provious Fuday, did not make his will in her iavoi She believed th it he intended leaving her Jomo valuable piopcity which, it is stated, ho did nob do. 1 At,. Melbourne, on Friday, .Petor 'Walter Daker, aged 00, committed suicide by swallowing irsonic iu a lit of temper. He resided with his bwo daughters, and it is alleged because one daughter spoke to him sharply about the break ing of a cup whilst he was getting tea ready that ho swallowed poison. A niovomant is .on foot to raiso a fund. in Forbes for the purpose of erecting a monument to tho memory of tho lato Sub-Inspector McCattio. A sad accident occurred at Parkes last week. A young woman named Maud Ralph died appa rently from arsenical poisoning. It is stated some time ago her mother bought somo arsenic to poison mice with. What remained Over she intended to burn, but it suems by mistake she burned some cream of tartar, placing the poison in a buttle which usually contained the acid ; bonce the accident. At tho inquest, a verdict of accidental death was returned. The Belabula River and Brown's Crook, which have been almost quite dry for several weeks past, have suddenly broken out, and are running in various places near Carcoar. This phenomenon is spoken of as indicating approach ing- rain, but tho weather remains clear and frosty. The grand political event now passing had the not -unnatural effect of rendering buyers . some what less eagor than they were, more particularly for inferior wools. The American market, directly and indirectly, is an important one for our woolgrowors, and there was the doubt whofchor in consequence of tl.o w.ir the demand might bo affected. This is, however, so alto gether unlikely tint few fears need be entertained upon the subject. Spain is really not powerful enough' to block' the trade of the United States, except,, perhaps,: in a few casual-instances. She lias too much upon her hinds to detach any part rif her fleet for the purpose -of intercepting cou mcrce. Speaking of ghosts, a clergyman related a little affair which occurred in a cathedral when he ' waV a '?young- man. A party oE choristers who had just been assisting at divine service one evening, laid,. a wager among themselves that none would go di.wn into the vaults under the cathedral- alone, arid in darkness. One of them iccopted* tlio',w.iger, also the condition of grop ing his way so far, and planting a pocket knife in tho soil'as evidence of his journey Now this was not a cheerful adventure, amid shelves full of tenanted coftins, and was probably undor taken'more in a spirit of bravado than for the money, prize. He went, but returned not. His companions grew anxious, and at last descended in a body, with lights. Tho bold one had really reachsd the desired spot where he lay in a faint. It was then discovered that, in stooping . to thrust the knife into the ground, ho had pinned the corner/of his surplice also. Jliscouragehad reached the sticking point, and as he turned to depart, the sudden twitch was just too much, und allrwas over. A Memorable Test Match.— Thus Mr. Thomas Horim, the Australian veteran, describes' tho finish of a test match between Old England mid the New, at Kensington Oval, August, 1882 : T-' Th'iLbest men of England wont in for their Rccond innings with 85 to get. Three wickets had fa len for 51, Hornby, Barlow, and Ulyett. Vf. G. Grace was btill in, with famous men to follow. Presently Grace is caught at mid-o(F by Alick B.innerman off Boylo. Twelve successive maidens are sent down to tho Hon. A'. Littleton and A. P. Lucas. A single to Littleton evokes t'remendous cheering. Four more maidens, and Littleton falls to the ' demon ' (Spofl'orth), who is howling with set faeo, wearing a ' do-or-die ' expression, lioylo at tho other end maintains a Kplondid1 length; Blackham at the wickets is .surpassing himself, and the fielding is faultless — 10 to get, and 5 wickets to fall. A. G. Steel, is caught and bowled, and Maurice Head goes down before tho unerring aim of tho 'demon.' Barnes passes me ; his lips are ashen gray. ' By Jove, Barnes, this is an exciting match ' I said to him. It costs him an effort to speak, but, raking up a touch of saliva from somewhere, ho says, 'Yes ! but you'll win.' Ho scores a 2, arid 3 byes were run ; 75 up, and 10 to win. A. P. Lucas plays on, and C. T. Studd comes in to see Barnes caught at point by Murdoch, oft' Boylo. 7 Tho tension for the last half-hour had beon intense, and the living wall oE 22,000 porsons is spell bound in silence ; so that you could hear a pin drop. It is tremendous ; it cannot last without something giving away. Presently a man drops dead; Peato is .bowled by Boylo, who jumps 4ft in the air, and the most exciting match oii record is won by Australia by V runs. Tho ground is rushed, the thousands cheer the Australians atjain and again from ground, gasomutor, and thronged balconies and roofs, and tho players, borne to tho pavilion by thu surging .mass, tiro patted on the buck a hundred times. It was brilliant— never to bo forgotton. Spotlbrth sent down forty-four balls for 2 runs and four wickets ; Boylo, forty-bight b.ills for 7 runs and two wickets.' TheTValue of Advehtisino.— P.T. Barnuin once said ?:— '' If you have ton dollars to put to good use, put one for lho article, and tho other nino for advertising. I can out-talk any man but a printer. The man that can stick type, and the next morning talk to a thousand people while I am talking to one, is tho man I am afraid of, and I want to be his friend.' Doino ms Best. — Ho was a now assistant in a big retail establishment, and ho was anxious to make a record as a salesman. A young lady in-' quired '? Can you let mo look at some safety bicycles 1' Ho turned away to got information about the stock, and returning, said, with a win some smile, ' I am vory sorry, miss, but we're out of safety bicycles; but we have soinu tine safety matches.' Thb following snake yarn is told by a lady who saw the occurrence : — Boing on a visit to a farm, sbu noticed tin; fowls running about tho stack, and r.n going to see the causo sho was rather amujud to notice n largo snako in tho BUick. going through, catching mice, and then dropping them down to tho fowls. It kept. this little game up for same time, to the amusement of the bystanders and the benolit of thu poultry bulow. Serious bread riots have occurred at Bari, a town of 55,000 inhabitants, on the east coast of Italy, sixty-five miles north-west, of- Brindisi. 20,000 rioters attacked mid wrecked tho police stutiuu, and burned the custom-huuse. ? A romirk'ihle eflicacy in curing disoasos aris ing from an impoverished condition of the blood or an impairment of the nervous system, such as rheumatism, neuralgia, partial paralysis, loeo jnotor ataxia, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, nervous prostration, and the tired feeling thoro from, the after effects of la grippe, ? influenza, dengue fever, and sevoro colds, diseases depend ing on humors in tho blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c;, is possessed by Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People, which give a hoalthy glow to pale and sallow complexions. They are a specific for tho troubles peculiar to tho foniale system, and in the case of men they effect a radical euro in all cases raising from mental worry, over-work, and excesses of any nature. A trial of this remedy will convict tho. most sceptical. Tho genuine Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold only in wooden boxes, about two inches in length, each of which is encircled by a blue warning label. Tho outsido wrapper has the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Paid Poaple, printed in rod. Iu caso of doubt it is better to send direct to the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queon's Chambers, Queen's Place, Sydnoy, enclosing the prico, 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 15s. 3d. These pills are not a purgative, and they contain nothing that could injure the most delicate. 