SHAKESPEARE ON THE "BIKE." Shakespeare, it would seem, must have known something about the bicycle, for throughout his plays ho makes frequent references to the wheel. It must be that Hamlet's father - had visited a bicycle academy, where beginners on the wheel were plenty, for his Ghost said : " What a falling off was there! " This most excellent description is paral leled by another in the same play, in which reference is made to an accident, the new woman of the early sixteenth century being evidently the greatest sufferer. The first playor says: " J3reak all the spokes and fellies from her wheel." Then the Fool in Lear gives advice to coasters, of tbo merits of which the modern rider may judge for himself. Ho says: '' Lot go th7 hold when a great wheel runs down hill, lest it break thy neck with following it." Even Cleopatra had her wheel. Antony advises her to mount it aud seek Cmsar, when be says : " Of Caisar seek your honor, with your ' safety.'" There wore evidently vbioyclo thieves in those days, and owners had to carefully guard their precious wheels. In the Tempest, Alonzo says to the King: " Wo, to, my lord, Will guard your person while you take your rest, And watch your ' safety,' " In that sarno play, Ariel undoubtedly heard the Mug and his attendants com ! ing ou their wheels when she sang : i " Hark ! Now I hear them ; ding-dong hell." | There is no doubt that Achilles, in Troilus [ and Cressida, travelled on a bicycle, for j he says to his myrmidons: I " Attend me while I wheel." '. It is safe to assume that, as to-day tho ; wheel is a never-ending source of conver j sation, so was it at tho time of Titus | Andronicus, though the listener was ! more patient then. Aaron says to Demo* ! trius: ) " Now talk at pleasure of yonr' safety.'" j It appears from a quotation made by tho i king in All's Well that Ends "Well that I the law required lamps to be carried at J ? night, and that a violation of it was fol ? lowed by death. Ho says: ! " Let me live after my flame lacks oil." Chains were not noiseless, and bells were ised in tlio days of the Comedy of Errors, is is shown by iv conversation betweon bo Dromio of Syracuse and Adrians, ivhieh' runs tbus: " A chain, a chain, do you not hear it f " " What, the chain ? " " No, no ; the bell." The availability of wheels in dangerous service is illustrated in Coriolnnus, when the winged messenger says toCominius: " Spies of the Voleces Held mo in cha-o, that I was forced to wheol Three or four miles about: also had, sir, Half an hour sinco brought my roport." Tho tiro of which Shakespeare wrote was evidently filled with hair instead of air, and even its color was of importance. In Much Ado About Nothing, Margaret says " X like the now tire within excellently, if tho hair were a thought browner." Puck's prophetic remarks about placing a girdle round tho world in forty minutes is fully equalled by that of Xaunce in the Two Gentlemen of Verona. Ho sayB '. Thon, may I set tho world ou wheels." Surely this prophecy has been fulfilled. " Invention." Mr Bingham Cox, proprietor and pub lisher of "TheBocket," was held guilty of keeping an office for a lottery, and fined £20 in all with costs. The alleged lottery was a prize competition in the paper, in which £1000 was offered to any reader who guessed the number of births and deaths in London for a given week, according to the Registrar-General's returns. No ono had guessed the correct number, but consolation prizes to the extent of £60 had , been given. The | defenco was that it was a skilled com petition,-but tho magistrate held other ! wise. 