AN AERIAL PHANTOM. (by a banker.) . ; Amongst the strangest of all natural pheno mena mayb'e included that remarkable optical i ffoot known 'as; the mirage, or fata morgana. The cause '.which ' produces this singular and somewhat rare 'spectacle is at present but imperfectly understood : it is. however/assumed that an aqueous condition of the atmosphere must exist, sufficiently dense as to foim a s-rt of mirror, mora or lass concave, upon which the: objects in the vicinity nre reflected and magnified, the apparent effect being that they are' brought-apprcciably nearer to the beholder. The; writer has on two occasions been fortunate in witnessing this phenomenon in the South of England. ' A considerable numbor of ships were sailing on the horizon, when gradually a most extraordinary nppearance presented itself, for over each vessel appeared an inverted duplicate, a veritable phantom ship, the top of the main mast resting upon tho corresponding part of the real ship. As the vessel tacked, so tbo course of the phantom was altered : as a sail was lowered, so tho ph-mtom 6ailors, standing on their heads, lowered a phantom sail; every movement of the real nnd substantial vessel being exactly imitated by its sneotral comoaniiin: tho one however, being apparently equally real nnd solid as the other. Every vessel in sight bad its double, following it overhead as a living nightmare; every sailor on deck had an inverted ghost, who copied his every movement with exact precision ; if he ran up tho ratliuess the spectre ran down to meet him, returning upwards to his overhanging deok when tho living sailor descended. If ho saluted his superior officer the Bpectre did the same at the same moment, as if the two were unimated by the same power. After a time all this vanished away, and, " Like the baseless fabric of a vision, 1\. Let not a wraith behind." Occasionally this phenomenon is observed to invert high in uir object- far bolow the horizon, bringing them within the range of vision of an observer situated far beyond the natural range. In this way some of Sir John Frauklin's ships were discovered ; and in the English Channel, Dieppe has been seen from Dover, ovon tho fishing boats in the harbour, the buildings, and tho different colour of the land on the heights being also visible. Of course, this was ordinarily quite out of sight, being below tho horizon. nun torm of mirage occasionally happens in the desert in a most tantalising manner, for tho weary traveller sees, a short distance in front of him, a beautiful oasis, palms waving in a I rofre-hing breeze, which ho feels not in the . parching, sultry, he-ivy air, green grass on which j be hopes to regale his exhausted camels, pools . of delicious wa'er rippling in the moving air, to whioh lie hurries on in oider to assuage his burning thirst, and to bathe bis heated and weary limbs. Eagerly he pressoa forward, impetuous fur a draught of that cool and grato- ful liquid, when to liia dismay and hopeless do-qiair ho finds that it was all but but a tan talizing illusion, which has faded sway int nothing, dashing all his hopes of pleasure to the ground, and Ip-iviug liirp to plod his weary way i-vor the hot, burning sand. And do not verry many of uaini-ur pursuit sand. And do nut vory many of' us in our pursuit of plus®1"'® oxactly repeat this traveller's experience, and find that tho pleahur- wo had boon oagerly put" suing, t-i tbo etornal ruin of soul and body, was but an insubstantial mirago, which eluded our nrdent gra-qi, and loft us a panting and exhausted wreok, ruined both for this world and f'-r tho next? But there a-o pleasures, solid and lasting ploisures, so ecstatio that tho mind of man is incapablo ovon of conceiving thoir ovor- whelming glory, which aro accessible to all who caro to possess tliem. And tho only wqy seouro an inheritance to those pleasures is to "Foar God, and-1 keep Ilia commandments,. the atonement" made once for" all by tho Saviour of tbo' world being a sure and_ abso lute passport to all who will but accept it- " 