GENERAL NEWS. New School for Scott's Ceeek.—On Wednesday Messrs. Landseer and Dumas, members for Mount Barker, and the Hon. G. McGregor introduced a deputation of resi- dents from Scott's Creek, near Aldgate, to the Minister of Education, asking that school should be built on a suitable site in that neighborhood. It was pointed out that there was an average attendance at the present-time of between 70 and 80 children, with a growing population, and that the Government were paying a rental of £12 a year for the present temporary quarters, which were quite inadequate for the re- quirements of the district. The Commis sioner promised to obtain a report and, if possible, to carry out the wishes of the deputation. Death of Mr. Arthur Potter.—After years of suffering Mr. Arthur Potter, of Mount Barker, died on Sunday morning. The deceased, who was 45 years of age, had spent more than two-thirds of his life in Mount Barker and had since the death of his father conducted the local tinsmith's business. The funeral took place at the Mount Barker Cemetery on Tuesday after- noon and was largely attended, the brothers of the Star of the South Lodge of Druids, of which the deceased was a member, march- ing in the procession to the grave. The Rev. J. Allen officiated, while P.A. Bro. F. R. Smith read the Druids' service. Literary Society.—Advocate of a corporated Mount Barker have had their hopes rudely crushed, for the local Literary and Debating Society has decided that it would be unwise to raise the town to the dignity of a municipality, and there, of course, the matter must end. Nearly every member of the talking organization present at Friday evening's meeting had something to say on the debated subject, the corporation supporters pointing out the advantages to be gained in the way of better streets, better lights, and improved conditions generally, while opponents, led by a district councillor, who presented a be wildering array of facts and figures, objected mainly on the score of expense. A division resulted in a majority of two votes -for a continuance of the present district council system. News From the Far North.—The great, drought has at last broken up in the Far North (writes a Blinman correspondent). During June we have had over 4in. at Blinman, and all over the North-Eastern country splendid rains have fallen. Wirrialpa registered over 3in., and right up to the Frome country the rain was very heavy and will give abundance of feed and water. This is the best rain we have had since 1893, when nearly Gin. fell in May. Already the country is assuming a greenish tint, and stock will soon fatten. The lambing will not be heavy this year, and the shearing will be effected by the great loss of stock during the drought and by the depredations of the wild dogs, which are very numerous in the' raDges. The wheat plant has received a thorough soaking and will now have every chance to grow, and as the subsoil is well saturated a good crop can be looked forward to. The Blinman mine is still being worked by a party of tributers, and hopes are expressed that the company who own it will soon put men on to work and develop what is without doubt a good property. What the Drought Cost.—At a meet- ing of shareholders of Goldsbrough, Mort, and Co. in Melbourne the other night the chairman (Sir William Zeal) made some startling statements in regard to the drought of the past three years, the figures being most eloquent of what a dry period really meant to Australia. In the three years 1892-3-4 the average area under wheat in Victoria was 1,395,177 acres, giving a gross return of 41,515,723 bushels. The next three years—1895-6-7—the average area under wheat was 1,543,789 acres, yielding only 23,185,966 bushels for the three years, or 18,329,757 bushels less than for the three preceding years. This deficiency, taken at the moderate estimate of 4s. per bushel, showed a loss to Victoria of £3,665,951. A comparison of the same term in regard to wheat, hay, oats, and potatoes showed a loss iii the latter period of not less than £5,148,383 to Victoria. The yield of wool for all Aus tralia last year was 173,000 bales less than for, the previous year, which, at a fair estimate, showed a loss of £5,000,000. Taking wool and all other products together he would not ] be far out in saying that last year's drought alone had cost Victoria fully £10,000,000. Concerts at Nairne.—A most success- ful concert in aid of the Primitive Methodist Church was held in the Oddfellows'-hall, Nairne, on Thursday evening, June 30. A capital program was presented by local and visiting performers, not the least pleasing feature of which was the excellent acting of the children. On Friday evening the entertainment was given again for the benefit of the young, man Donoghue, who ] was recently kicked by a borse and ha leg broken, and the previous . evening's.! success was repeated. " jjrograui, ;«^iich ; with a few exceptions was the same eaeh' night, was as follows:—Overture, Miss Pflaum; cantata, " Red Riding Hood's Rescue," in which the characters were ad mirably sustained by the Misses Hilda Chap man (Red Riding Hood), Gee (Buttercup), Beryl Chapman (Rose), and N. Milne (Mother), Master B. Holmes (Robin), Messrs. W. Parsons (Wolf) and R. Howard (Wood man) ; glees by the Compaq; song, Friar of Orders Grey," Mr. W. G. Boss ; duets, the Misses Shanks and the Misses M. and O. Jackson ; recitations, the Misses Richards and Shanks and Master Shanks ; songs, " The Gift" and " Love's Golden Dream," Miss Jackson ; trio, " Dame Durden," Messrs. W. Parsons, R. Howard, and W. G. Ross ; and a highly-amusing farce, " The Haunted House," by Messrs. W. Chapman (landlord), J. Shanks (nigger), and W. Parsons (ghost). On Thursday evening Mr. Fritz Ptiaum, who is leaving the town ship, was presented with a Bible from the Sunday-school teachers and scholars. The Mount Torrens Cyanide Works. —Mr. A. H. Clark, manager of the Mount Torrens Cyanide Works, lias submitted the following report to the Commissioner of Crown Lands respecting the operations during June:—"Parcel 231=8 tons 7cwt. for Try Again mine, the yield by battery being loz. lSdwt. 19gr., or 4dwt. 15gr. to the ton. The tailings yielded a farther 2oz. lldwt. 12gr., or 6dwt. 4gr. per ton, the total extraction being lOdwt. 19gr. per ton. A peculiarity^of this ore is that much of the gold, all of which is very fine, is coated. This accounts for the low battery extraction, as the gold which is coated is non-amalgable. Parcel 232=5 tons 8cwt. from Mount Torrens mine, the ore being raised by two of my men in their spare time from what I believe to be the Monnt Torrens lode. The position is on the top of the hill east of the works about a third of a mile. The men are sinking on the lode, which is fully 2ft. wide, and are now down about 18ft. The 5 tons 8cwt. was the ore raised from the first 6ft. sinking. All that was raised was put through the battery, the return being loz. 4dwt., or 4dwt. llgr. to the ton. The tailings assayed 3d wt. 1 ogr. per ton and will pay for cyanidation. This result from surface stone I consider very encouraging. The gold is very fine and is contained in the stone itself, which is a good indication that the reef is well worth prospecting. As far as can be seen there, is a good chance of there being sufficient ore there to keep the battery going." Popularizing "Hansard." — Writes " Argentum " in the Sorrier Miner :—" I make my bleeding (and bled) country. {['. present of an idea. If she will accept it/ in lieu of contribution io the income tax, well and good—I shall be satisfied and my country will not be much the poorer. " Hansard " is in its present form deadly dull and dreary. Mislaying my own copy, I lately sought the public's copy in the library, and found that, though the place is avow edly frequented by ardent politicians, not one in 20 of the volumes had its pages cut. Now, " Hansard " contains the only official record—in fact, the only complete record—of the most expensive company of entertainers which Australia permanently employs, and as the public now and then take such an extraordinary interest in the election of persons to that company, and as it is again aud again submitted with tremendous energy and endorsed by thunderous applause that the future of the country depends upon the rejection of Brown and the acceptance of Jones, it seems to me that this singular neglect of " Hansard " calls for an explana tion. There must be something wrong with it; its style must be bad; there must be something wanting. And, as a saviour of my country, I suggest that the experiment be made of illustrating it. The I text will lend itself admirably to pictorial treatment. Mr. Arthur Griffith is the ex quisite of the House; in his straw hat, tennis trousers and coat, and broad, bright waist band, he is the delight of members. Picture* Mr. Griffith, then, so garbed, issuing to the House a general challenge to fight. ' I am always prepared,' he says, ' to hit back in any sense, morally or physically. I am quite prepared to give anyone the physical, oppor tunity if necessary.' Certainly it would add to the * go' of the picture if it were by standing order enacted that members shall be required to make their attitudes conform as nearly as may be to their words. So Mr. Griffith in this case would have his cpat off and would be in the act of rolling upiis sleeves and spitting over his left shoulder, in the approved style. Even the report of Mr. Lcvien's speech does not serve to give warmth to No. 3 of this session's " Hansard it isn't half so exciting as it would seem to be if it were punctuated with thumb-nail sketches. ' Where's Bennett f' Why, the question doesn't strike the eye or stir the soul. But picture a little, fat, round, bald-headed man, his coat-tails flying in his excitement, his mouth open fire inches, and with a finger menacingly pointed at Sieath—and the soul starts to move. And when the soul starts to be stirred the circulation begins to move." There is ample material in our own Parlia ment also for an illustrated " Hansard." The Hawker and the Maid.—An Assyrian hawker had a bad five minutes at a farmhouse not a hundred miles from Monarto on Tuesday. The purveyor of gimcrackeries came along at a time when the only member of the family at home was the youngest daughter, a fine handsome girl of 19, and the alien, having by a series of cunning questions ascertained that the damsel was alone, proceeded to make himself objection- able. When he asked for food it was given him ungrudgingly, but on his insisting that a supply should be provided for future require- ments the fair daughter of Australia put her foot down and said no. The hawker then pro ceeded to help himself, but a crack over the knuckles from the bnsiness-end of a broom pulled him up short. He rushed at the girl, and a spirited wrestling bout, in which the catch-as-catch-can style predominated, re- sulted in the man, a tall and wiry fellow, being sent spinning against the doorpost. Before he could recover himself the maiden, whose blood was now fairly up, reached again for the broom, and the manner in which it was brought down on various parts of the unfortunate hawker's anatomy told that his petticoated assailant was good for many rounds more. Not so the Assyrian, who with a yell of "No kill ! no kill! " regained his feet and bolted for the door. On the step were his box and bundle, over which he sprawled, and the girl was not slow to avail herself of the opportunity of drenching him with a bucket of water which stood near by. Wet to the skin and bruised alt over, the wretched peddler picked himself up and, seizing his bundles, fled from the place, halting only when a section away to invoke the curses of Allah on the woman whose strength and courage he had so sadly under-estimated. HAVE YOU NOTICED That tho suicide season is again on ? What a precocious child Job must hive been, as he cursed the day lie was born P That u woman's struggle is to provide something for the inner man and the man's to provide something for the outer woman ? That hawkers of Brummagem jewellery now light ehy of a certain farmhouse down Monarto way ? That in the nc-confidence business now on the greatest want of confidence is felt regard ing the promises of portfolios ? That the great trouble with the parlia-. ' mentury pack of cards seems to be a want of decision as to which will represent the joker p That Sirs. Bobington says folk may Ulk about people having strength of mind, but when it comes to etrength of don't mind her son William can't be boat ? That Joskins protests against the absurd articles whioh appear in tho papers? Far instance, the paragraphs announcing the dis covery of coinB 2000 years old when it it : only 1898 now. Tliut one of the achievements of lodern science is to phoLograph the voice ? 'Iiav a ' time is in store for a man when his wife can flash before him ubout 17 times a day a pioture of tho things he says when his collar stud drops down hie neck. That we aro indebted to an undertaker (of all persons!) in America for a sup^estion for the prevention of consumption P Ho claims to have ascertained that uo person having a missing arm or leg ever contracts the disease and is of opinion that amputation sliould be added to the many curca which are offered by humanitarians. It is a choice, Mien, between giving up a limb or having consumption. Tlial the Onkeparinga poet has figured at a Chinese demonstration where the music gave him " no appotite'for eating or speaking " ? It mutt have been strong. Wo msy expect to see something like the following " iu the not far distant future " :— Ah Gone, the soalfal twaokey-fam And boat of many an eldritch dram Have made mo thick of kiugdoix come And quite upset the poor tuuilu ra Of Bobori Caldwell. That there aro now iu the Dry Creek Stock ade four men who pose us martyrs P The pickpocket says it was merely tiie result or a moment of abstraction that got him gaol, the incendiary says he had only a playful habit of making light of things, tl^e forger thinks it cruel to be punished for his simple desire to make a name for himself, and the burglar says he did nothing but take advantage of an opening whioh offerod in a large mercantile establishment in town. That the waters of the Onkapiringa must 1 possess beneficial properties, judging by the manner iu which the residents in the town •hips on its banks enter heartily into the social and other funotions of their neighbors, lending assistance when necessary, without that absurd jealousy which so often charac terizes adjoining villages? It the water is . the cause of this the inhabitants of the city should in the course of a few years have assimilated ad much that they will becoms saturated with peace and goodwill to all men, ao that the Utopia so often dreamed of will begin tn loom largely " in the not far distant future." At any rate the beer that is made on the banks of the river—but this seTors of an advertisement. 