Mr. Campbbll at Jainberoo \--0- / A DISORDERLY MEETING. (Oommonicaited.) MaR OAMaPnsELL addressed the electors at Jamberoo on Satuiday last. 'here was a fairly large and representative audience. 4r. Crai? g ocoupied the chair. During the ., eare disorderly scenes occurred, and on M~e oocasion the chairman had, to call foi iseistanoe from the police to quell the die turbance, and Mr. Campbell wee compelled to make frequent appeals for a patient bearing, On the p atfam weic Meessre John Noble, A. COulen and others. LOOAL OPTION. Mr. :Campbell, in the , course of his address, said that Mr. Fuller had stated he (the speaker) had not curried out his pledge regaiding local option,. He was quite aware that 4 years ago it was a popular question with the temperance paity whose platform was local option without compensation when he wad retuined, He considered he should be allowed to use hLe own judgment, and be- came to the con. olusion'that local option without compeosa Li ton was only heating the air,. He thought they might be able to pass a-bill with some equitable system of compeoneaion such as a time system or a levy on publibane whose houses. were not closed. That was the reason why be deviated from the views- he then held. He then read extracts bearing on the question from the "Reporter" of ;Juine, 18i1, which he held showed that Mr Fuller-had also deviated a little, Lie con" sidered.them about equal in that respect He asked the temperance people to note hie , ote'oi-the Sunday trading question, and choose between his views and Mr. Fullr'se, sHe considered that he had more claim on the temperance votes thau Mr. Fuller. . NIAN.T's ' IOnIITB. Mr. Campboll detailed his views on this question as in his speech in Kiama, to the effeot that he had never promised to intio, duees a.Tenante Rights Bi , but that hle would support one. (At this stage the police hnd to be called in to quell' the inters uption fiom members of the audience.) Je( was pleased to see the - principle recognised in Mrý Oarrutlr'is Land Bill, and would like o\' see it; carried further :as between lr?landlord .\and tenant; as well as Crown,toentols, Where were so many. Orown tenatar that the' Government would not introduce 'such a Bill I but if returned again he would support a Bill oauch as that he had named, FEDERATION. Mr, Oampbellwent at length into this question, lie asked them to decide beoween the leaders of the queetfon, Reid and Want or .Lyo's.add Barton,. IThe Protectionists Wera prapored to lay down the fiscal fight and give Federation the fullest chance to be brought about, He was prepared, if reconciliation was not dffooted between other colonies, to hoist the protectionist flag again. Mr. Fuller admitted Mr. Reid was consistent till "he came back from Melbourne, when hie denounced the Bill as a massaot iujustice, but still was going to votes, . Mr. Lyne fought honestly for thb interests of New South Wales and Went thrOdlih the country and pointed out the defebtd in the Bill. He deserved atedit for the etmid he took, He (tho speaker) was an enthusiastio'ftederationist, and olaimad the votes of, those who oppostd the Billy because through his vote and some others the minimum vote was increased to 80,000, Mr. Campbell q.coted from speeches to show that he had' always been 1i. favor of inter colonial freetradel and 'several interrup. tinons took pleae in the audience. Continu 'ing, he went,on, to tell them that Mr. Puller'seid that the Bounty clause in the Bill admitted of us competing against Victorian bounty fed butter. He considered we would then be in a bettor positionu.than Mr. Reid had left us, and could then have use?: of utrcolonial portsa whereas Mr. Reid admitted bounty. fed butter free and ,made noe provieion for us to get our butter into Victolia. , He referred to the importa tioues of butter. which had been made to this oclony fom outside places, The epeaker weuit n. to say -that Mr. Reid's attitude towards the other colonies was causing it :'feeling of iepulslon, His address in the Sydney, Town Hall did more harit to F edratiou than sty other address delifered. H:e referred to Mr. .leia's action In briiging in-a Ball to have a Referendum on..the Fi:cal Question. If Mr. Reid was sincere Why did he watis to introduce such a Bill, eHo wanted to 'confuse 'the- people, but fortunately, did. not get the Bill passed, The question of Federation was to be a olear out issue between two leaders, LAND AND IN00ME TAX. The Speaker' read extracts from Mr. Fuller a speeoh at Robortoon; where he said he was opposed to a direct Land add In come Tix, as he oonsidoted 'there was no neooessity for it, He also quoted from Mr .:Lyne, Mr; Gormly, and Mr, See beaiiug on it, and said Mr. Fuller was now follow. g :Lg the than who imposed the Tax~at id so must have changed since 'he spoke at Robtes0 .on LOCAL UrIQUIIiiMrIIZEM ITb,. M:. r Campbell went on to" detail whnt 0o lid done for the Northern end of. theo Sdistriot, as dotailed .in. heis KlaIn address, :aid added. so:in? olf£100 for the Moun'tip Road oid n?'othoer.' matterse o:l minor, im ;':portnu e MriFullor should haot secured ?mbrat roo a reoreation ground', a as the aoveirnment durlng hise toem of ofloo .was more liberal than the proesent,. Jamboroo should'ale havesa proper. poet offilooe, The samo'e benefits shoulld be extended toi them eas to people tn other.'distrliotsr ' ::::'H0 conaldoer d that mattors defllag with "strikee between "employers iand employees s. bhould be shttled by: propetly oo?sattuted .bboards of "" O?r . memrbore, 'and :the sooner somethiog 'was dono the betteor also' .the - ro- appreisement of conditlonal purobase' was a matter that ..required attention, Landholders had taken ..ip land at £1 per aore. that in tisny tlass Wad not as good iase:somo nowi.;takon at 0, : U thosght it only fair:to recsappraiseo land \- aheady taken tip. : . -- " ,: " - IdOAL O.:e. clt' : . - Sr?(le qsestion was an uppermot o~erl He .t did--ot consider that- those who 'drto . - .already paylitg a tunitlihal tax shoul 'pay .a luand tax, and he did all that Wai possitble Sto .'sav them from this taxe, Mrs Reid Slook up the bill till the labor party insisted , o?l one man one voto, ntd Mr, Reid ncoild -sno lie would hot have hadl the ghost of a show to got.tho,'Laritdi 'axr thrugh, li the XLirl Governmnot Bill was paueiod, so be asetid ithe opprtutnity 'to lthrow it nnder the inbln aiid intrrtto tn lrnd tir, While tbo LaitlrlW'P tis 'ffotc tLoubtl Govern. epna hnr)c tlM lal tt Voate fr lonal oVttern-. I? trltn i ll-,, :itbet iton la tIhd -,the Iti frito, lhg l,,t )h?,i ;h,, or Ih y hl i itrltit fe o I ·T.,edt eolsta o (the slplslker) toldo ie referred to land tai appeal courts, where at Nowra a -professional barrister was brought from Sydney, and the landholders were: frghtened into settling matters privately, but only on condition that they kopt the matter secret from their neighbors. That was a nice way the Government had of carrying out the laws honestly. They were playing a game of hide and seek. His opponent must have formed a low estimate of the Government he was following if he told the electors of Robertson that they might qxpect very little at the hands of a man who opposed the Government. A Government should know ro opnnnnt in a i matter like that. Hi was in favor ot.Upper Hnoue ,teform, and always advocated an cll otive Upper Hf Une. but did not favor the nominee chamtber, In o,?nlusion, he' said he would always 'remember the districts in which he was horn, and do all in his power to forward its interest. Applause, QUESTIONS Mr. H. Colley a~ke:d Mr. Campbell would he, if returned, use his it fluence to have a Post Office built at Jarnmbroo. Mr. Campoell said he would; and in reply to other queries stated that ht would favor a reoreation ground for Jon.berot ; that be did not think a branch railwai line to Ja i beroo to open up coal mince wee jusli.i cable; and that be Would adonatee a lunatic asylum in Jambrroo if it was found nect sary, A v.te of confidence in Mr, Campboll, moved by Mr, J. T Butler and seconded by Mr. F. Fredericks, was crrried. A'vote of thanks to the ohaitman brought the meeting to a close. Three cheers were called for Mr. Campbell, but the response was of a very "mixed" character, 