THE LAND OF THE CHRISTMAS GHOSTS. By ELCYE CRAMER. (Continued from last week.) Without any warning the goose sud denly opened its beak, and dropped its burden to tile-ground, which looked so transparent that Jack thought he would fall through. But lie did not. and found it was only very sol i and springy, rather like a spring wattrass, so that the fall did not hurt him in the least. "Now," said .the .ghost, folding its wings by its side, "what do you sup pose we are going to do with you?" The boy began to tremble violently. "Oh, oil, please, not anything very dreadful," he cried. "Oh, please, what are you going to do with me?" "Well, you see," it went ou without, answering, "now you are iu the land of the Christmas ghosts. We pre all ghosts, IB Ji OUOLC IJUl V- B UUlli liiUCil 1 <1 lllvl be geese." Then it wildly flapped its wings, craning its neck forward with a fierce expression in its eyes. "And whose, fault is it we are not geese?" it screeched angrily. "I don't know," said Jack innocently; "whose?". "yours1." screamed the ghost; "your fault, of course, aud you know it. And we all know It, too. -Why, what do you have for your dinuer every Christinas Day but goose or turkey!" "But I dou't like it," objected Jack. "But you eat it," cried the goose; "and you wouldn't if it was alive. So you human creatures are a barbarous, de- ccitf ul lot.. Yon lia ve all agreed together to have. a. great slaughter of all the li nest of us jfou can get, after having iirst. petted and pampered us by giving us a home all to ourselves and feeding us on the best and most delicate food, of which we can eat as-much as we want. And all this you. do to try aud make us believe you are our best friends, and we don't know how cruel you are till you have got us killed. Every year it's the same thing. Youffeed up your best bird, and. put it to death just to satisfy a little whim of your own." "So does, everybody else," Jack mut tered. "Exactly," replied tlie goose. "That's just where we find fault. If only one person did it once in a way we would overlook it. But it has gone too far to l»e overlooked. If only we could get all the murderous monsters here, they would one and all suffer for it, but that is impossible. However, you are one of them, ami you shall be punished in stead." ' "How?" asked Jack, quaking inward ly. ' - "You'll lcuow before long," said the gliosL "But, first, there is a great deal for you to. see. As you have never paid us a 'visit before,1 yon don't. -know any thing about Clvostlaud, aud it's time you did. Now come along wtili me." It gave a tug at Jack's sleeve to help liim up. "1 shall uot cany you now," it added. "You may walk." .Jack, was proportionately grateful, and was beginning to feel rather curi ous about; the things he was going to see; so lie moved along quite energetic ally, with I he goose walking beside liim. "First, there are the plantations," re- itiafkod ilie'Ohost. "You see those trees growing -in straight rows. Per haps you will know some of them." "Oh. no," said Jack, "I never saw tlieni before." But the goflse said, "Don't be too sure." 'The.v sooii reached the long avenues, which 0X1 elided as far away as Jack could see, -on each side of which -the trees grew. They were all sorted out: and arranged in order, so that each kiud of tree had- ail avenue to itself. The goose; look- Jack up an -a venue which was wider than most of the olbcrs. be cause. the trees there hail wide spread ing branches, and needed more . roorii than tlie smaller ones. Before one ol' these they stopped. Jack wondered why," because lie could not see anything remarkable about the tree except that it had some rather queer little notches at the base of the stein. "There," said the goose to Jack, after a iillle pause. "You know that tree ; perhaps volt would like to talk to it." "Talk to it?" echoed Jack, in amaze ment. "Yes," "Whafs 1 1 j (ft good?" (contemptuously) "in talking to a tree that can't under stand you? Trees . can't talk. You are a goose." Jack had quite forgotten what lie was' speaking to. "No," it answered, quite sadly, "I am not a goose, though I was once.- Now I 1 am only tlie ghost of a goes-' " (To be Continued.) 