NOTES ON NEWS. ThE question of "Commercial Moral ity," of such a thing reallvy exists, a fact which our wisencres would lead us so to doubt, is once more in evidence. ri Until qu;te recently we have been con- it tent to hear only dimly, and, as it were, t afar-off of those great commercial w calamities, of which Hooley and Ihi- th titled parasites are the bright'particular stars. We have been tempted to rest g satisfied that the disease did not come ap our way, and, happy in our morality th and limited prosperity, w.: have not hben disinclined to applaud the chas- at tisement that. smote our erring breth- ,, ren of Britain; for too often the chas- Ti tisemnent of one sinner feeds another'- Ct pride. But things have changed, and e the departinc ecclesiastic who hails w from Billarat h-ts brought home with ht remarkahble viaeor the enormity of our owe errors in a similar direction. There di is a fierce scorn in the invective of D)r. Thornton that he Ihas "never met a to citizen who lhad not a co iplaint to pt make of har g been plundered or victimised- in soame bu-in-as transac to tion." Herr Teufelsdrok, 'if Carlyse vs famie, would have found food for re- at ficLtion and c mment, we imagine, in this outburst of clerical wrath. H' s would possibly have found these delin qo ncieaesxcoahblein miningtown, i iaiasissch as the plundered or victimioed have had their turn, as a role, at plon derinv vnd victimised. It ia truly awe inspiring to think, however super- ei ficially, of the punishments with which, .1 in the- B-shopps a inion, we should be8 visitedl. "Australia, in her moral and religious life," sase the man engaged cc in sniltclhing brands from the burniine, at needs the renov.tirig cyclone and thef purifying fire." Ruskin said somethittg bi like this year ago, and was solemnly oh reproved by the clergy tor his material ism. After al, as he old negro said at at a Georgia camp meeting, "it is pleasant for a change to thear a minis- h, ter preach wrath, instead of always N preaching grace, when you know you li don'tdeserve it." We hopethe Bishoip o is satisfied with his efE rts at mad- r slinging. We fancy he would be if he h sas the self-sat sfis], incredulonus smile a which onr own City men have assumed since his utterance. So far as is know Eve was the only at lady who never had occasion to worryd over her husband's letters, or trouble to find out why he had come home Inte. ci Thare were no other ladies in the A neighborlhood in his time. It-ireover, if we may credit history, which as a modern philsopher remarks "is after ti all, the best kind of fiction." Our first h male par nt was free from the danger b of the histloric lodgelr. But since that a date the tinmes have altered greatly, and the modern Divorce Ciurt is the b legitimate prodn't of our advancing a "civilization." We even find Mr. As- t tice Williams picturesquely tdeseribing the "psychologicel business" in the extraordinary revelations :tf the Nesbit dirorce suit. It is a pity the parties to a suit of this description should be permitted to wash their dirty linen be- t fore th' public gaze. and an egit- tion -to compl:'the hearin onft sich' uit'5 with closel doors would not, we imagine, 0 he without influence noon the morals of, this cominmunity. Mtisconduct and re volting depravity are gsnco-iitnt with a every case of conjueal infidelity, and F solemnly protest that thbir detail, d which are ofEioces acainst common de- a cency,'hould be allowed to figure in our v public prints. The publicntion appeals t to the morbid sensuality of a portion of the community, but the great bulk of our fellow-citizens will endorse our r stricture-. h We have often thought that a repo tation awaits the man who successfully agitates for the suppression of the to lging.-house piano; and only the 1 ather day we observed from a South Australian conteumporary that it has fallen to the lot of a Holy City cunrate I to condemn the instrument of torture. We fell a-dreuming, and before us a long row of choats passed the Gates of Heaven in a shivering, depressed pro cgsion., which was nerer end ng. One after another was sent on with hanging head as St. Peter turned his thumbt down, until there came one who s-etmed even more despairing than the others. " Come in Thornton," said the Saint, "come right in, and set measured for your crown." "Al' !" said the ghost, . "I'm afraid your Saintship mistakes me, I'm 'not Thornton, the bishop who immortalised himself by his strictures y on Australian morals, no, Bevan, the r much-!.raised Indlependent, or Marshall ir Hall of bhymnal renown." -"I know -that," interrnntel the Saint, " that lot I have gone below already. You are the if Holy City curate who agitated for the a prevention of persons playing pianos .t Ito the annoyance of their neighbours d and lodgers. - You thus prevented L. thousands of 'persons from blaspheming Saind savekd.themfrom crimes of violence e and -you therefore' deserve a crown. e Step right in." I It is surely time that our legislators , realized the hoplessnees of making the d community virtuous by Act of Parlia i- ment. Their latest endeavour in that iI direction occurred during the debate on it the Poi'one Act Amendment Bill last week. .All that the Bill was in h tended to effect was to remedy -a de s- feet in the law relating to the sale d of drugs. This siml1i object was, is hoowever, overwhelmed by members r. who desired to prevent people from s. obtaining stimulants or sedatives from e, druggist without the order of a quali fled practitioner, while others desired amendments taxing patent medicines, and preventing doctors frots writing my- their prescriptions in dog Latin and a eacaped spider figures. When .the is discussion is analysed, the corn "j ponents may be'summarised: as con meo sistinglof the arguments of those who od want greater protection for medical practitioners, thise who thiik- this is 1h being obtained at the expense o "- the pharmarentical chemista, and nd, those who thinkl that both impese on the public, and the -public' should bh see protected from their inclination- to I -wallow drugs of any sort. - - 