i, \ t *.** t - * AUSTRALIAN. BAYS CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING Ax AUTOBIOGRAPHY. (Reprinted from ''The Attstralasian" of 1867 by Special Permission.) CHAPTER X. THE BITER IS BIX AND HE BUBS AGAIN. On arriving at Maidstone I went to the Railway Inn, and remained there till the next morning. _ Not Wong the house much, I removed in the course of the day to the Royal Hotel. As I always give the world a full account of my proceedings when I am doing others, it is only fair that I should be equally communicative when I get done myself. I affected billiards, and fancied I could play well.' j There was a billiard-room in the. hotel, \ tnd to it I went on the evening after my ; arrival there. There was present a rather stylish-looking person, intro-'< {laced himself to me in the course of the night. He told me he was an officer in the j Royal Artilley, and had recently invented j some wonderful rocket, which he gave a | very hard name fca which I forget. He j invited me to play ^ith him. I did so,' and won £5 from him that night, promising to meet him there the next evening.* But I was not to be done in that manner. I knew it was a common practice among sharpers to allow the victim to win something' at first, and as I had some alight idea that the art&leiy; gentleman's munitions of war were furnished chiefly by his wits, I was not going to be plucked so innocently as he imagined. I met him the next night, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that I had been suffering from a nervous attack all day. The officer seemed by no means disappointed, but entered into conversation in the most degage manner, and finally proposed to introduce me to a young lady to whom he was paying his addresses. I accompained him in a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I kcow m*! | and .. ... .. we alighted at a little cottage, into the parlor of which we were immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not more than seventeen, made her appearance. I was introduced in the approved fashion— Miss Nelson, Mr. Hamilton,—Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nelson." I have never seen Miss Nelson since that evening, but I retain a most lively recoUection of her. She was good-looking,' ! sould sing charmingly, and had the most fascinating manner imaginable. Wine was introduced, and although I drank only a couple of glasses, it had such an effect upon me that I found it impossible to keep my eyes open. Of the after events of that night I can remember but little. The next morning I awoke with a most splitting headache, and found myself in my own room in the Royal Hotel. I jumped out of my bed and dressed myself, and. on examining my pockets I found that I had been robbed of all my money except a solitary £10 note, which, being in a separate pocket, had either escaped notice or been charitably left me by the thief. All thieves are dreadful bad losers. I was no exception to the rule, aud I could have cried for very vexation. I rang the bell, and asked the waiter how I came home the previous night. He told me that I was brought to the hotel about one o'clock that morning ; that the gentleman who came with me in the cab said I had finished two bottles of claret-, and was senselessly intoxicated; that he and the gentleman had carried me upstairs, and that the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, telling him to undress me and get me into bed. Of course I saw in a moment that it was a regular " diamondeut-diaroond " affair, and as talking would not bring my money back, I said nothing of my loss. j i j ] j ; | ; j . | i ! ' j i 1 i j i I hare seen the " military officer " since then. We worked together in chains in the same cart some few years ago, Lnd I only recognized him by his telling the story of the 44 young swell at Maidstone " for the especial edification of myself and the other cart parties. Having been so completely cleaned out. It behoved me to buckle to at once to replenish my empty pockets, and as my funds would not admit of any lengthy finessing schemes, I was compelled to commence immediate operations. That very day, with the seal of ancient Strabo, I OKA Myself completely master of Hie geojp«$fey of the place, and before night I not j Only knew how all the rooms were situated, j bu t had made myself pretty well acquainted j with the sort of people by whom they w ere j tenanted. I know well enough that it is • quite common for a well-dressed thief to take apartments in an hotel and' 1 barber " , all the inmates; in other words, to get up in the night, visit all the rooms, and steal as much as possible. This, iu technical lansrua-'e, is called " Dancing a lushingdrum." Philosophers define instinct as *' knowledge prior to experience," and as I' certainlyat that time was wholly without experience iu soch matters, I must hare been under the guidance of the instinctive ! faculfcv I I didn't eo to bed that night, but merely lay outside the bed reading. The • book was of a moral and religious characten bit it foiled to influence me with its ; arguments. By one o'clock the house j was silent, and oat I glided, like a ghost. ; I felt a little nervoto on entering the i first room; but, despite the model ays- j tern, I have been remarkable for good nerves on many a trying occasion, and on this first essay in the "dancing" line I was soon as cool as a cucumber. It would be dull work telling'how I searched the clothes, made my way to the dressingtable, pocketed purses, watches, chains, gold pinB, and other articles that would produce u money, and money in any way." I visited four rooms, aud then thought it time .to return to my own. The next bedroom to that in which I slept was unoccupied, and with the pocket-handkerchierof a commercial gentleman whom I had somewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all — the watches, IIWWH purses, it <| etc., together. O J entered the empty bedroom, and placed ! them safely out of Bight on a ledge np the j chimney, keeping out a iew sovereigns for ; my immediateUBB. Having done this in - a neat and workmanlike manner, I retired to bed. At eight o'clock I jumped out of bed, dinned on my trousers, and then sang the beU violentiy. A waiter very soon appeared. *«TOL the landlord I want him; fetch the I_have beea^wjfebed in the nurf ty-three poundB and a prom^M^, note for thirteen, my studs and my pocket-book, idi ^ Who «rtM liavodoaeitf" e waiter didn't let me go to the end for he ran to the landing "Here's No V has b$en «ame." * otd. He^id ^ewaa st»rry in tho extreme; be couldn't conceive how the thing could bare been done. No loss had ever been experienced in his house before. He teas &>rry, very sorry. Hie police had been srnt to investigate the matter, and he hoped they wofild succeed in tracing the robber. Four other gentlemen had been robbed also. The inspector of police came shortly afterwards, and looked into the rooms, and under the beds, as if he thought the thief might have taken a fancy to have a nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an inventoiy of the property lost,and then went away shaking his head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at the hotel a week, gratis, for as no funds had arrived for me I told the landlord I should be forced to leave my bill 'uasettledL Under the circum- stances the landlord of course could not reasonably Heft Maidstone,'aud demur, and at proceeded the week's by end the ; ,, nharil ' coach to Chatham. I need scarcely observe that I had during the week removed the " goods and chattels" from the chimney ledge, and conveyed them to Chatham without any fear of consequences. Suspicion fell upon the " military gentleman," for although not in the house on the night in question, he was well acquainted with the premises, and his sudden disappearance was unaccountable, otherwise than by connecting him with the robbery. Thus was my own safety secured, and I at the same time " gratified a double grudge "—against the world and against my particular antagonist. The money result of my night's foray amounted to some forty odd pounds —just sufficient to keep me going while I struck out some fresh scheme for victimising the world. CHAPTER XL AGLIMPSE OFBETTERTHINGS. The second night I was at Chatham I visited the theatre. A Miss Lee was to make her appearance in the character of Juliet, and a very pretty representative of the house of Capulet she was. I remember well with what energy she vindicated Romeo in the lines— " He was not born to shame: Upon bis brow shame is ashamed to sit; For 'tis a throne where honor may be crowned Sole monarch of the universal earth I" I confess that I felt a boyish passion spring up i n my bosom for this young girl, and I sat np up a great portion of of the night corn- posing some complimentary verses to her. I called the next day on the manager of the theatre, and obtained the address of the actress. I forwarded the verses by post, intimating that I was but a mere youth, aud should be glad personally to say to Miss Lee how greatly I had been charmed by her acting. I received a reply the next morning, thanking me for the verses, and containing an invitation to tea for the ensuing evening, which was a non-performing night. I purchased the handsomest copy of Shakespeare I could find in the town, and , the next evening duly presented myself ! at Miss Lee's residence. I was received very kindly by the young lady's mother, j who informed me that her daughter Ellen j would not be able to join us until - seven o'clock, having been summoned j unexpectedly by the manager of the ! theatre with the view of permanently 1 engaging her. The mother was 1 a perfect gentlewoman; she told me j tliat Miss Lee had from childhood evin- : ced a remarkable enthusiasm for the j stage, but that it was with much reluct- j at ice she herself had consented to her i daughter's embracing the theatrical pro- ' fession as a means of livelihood. A little after seven Ellen Lee came home, and she cordially thanked me for the verses, declaring, however, that they were by fat too complimentaiy. I presented her with the Shakespeare, and uttered some nonsense about recognizing in her a genius fit to breathe life into the beautiful creations of the poet's mastermind. An intimacy sprang up between us—a true and innocent friendship, which 1 look back to at this moment with melancholy pleasure. Ellen Lee was only an actress at a small provincial theatre, but she was beautiful, talented, and good. She gained upon my heart eveiy day, and I soon had no sccrets that were mine alone. She was my confessor, she was my adviser; and she strove earnestly enough to be the good angel of my life, to save me from my own wayward erring self. I used vety often to speak to her about the dangers attending her own profession, and 1 remember on one of these occasions, she replied in Ophelia's words— " I shall the effect of this good lesson keep, As watchman to my heart; but, good to my brother, Do not, as some ungracious pastors do, Show me the steep and thoray way tu heaven, And miss the path thyself." The life of guilt is, indeed, a dark, sad life on which the sunshine of happiness can scarcely for a moment gleam in its unclouded brightness. The haunting memory of crime flings a deep shadow on our path when joy would fain surround U3 with its light; _ and as flowers of gladness spring up on our way they are at once blighted by the curse of guilty wluch is ever present to the wicked as an interdict to happiness. Thus it was with myself. I might have k° cn very happy m the society of Ellen Lee and her mother had I been but innocent. But being the guilty thing I was there was always present an invisible haud to dash front my lips each cup of bliss before I could sip its promised sweetness, And I am sure—let me write as lightly as I may-that thus it wUl ever be. There are phantoms ever on the path of enme which scare away the realities that offer happiness to the heart! Yes; in those days Ellen Lee would have riiade me happy, if my own sins had not made me wretched. She gave me a sister's love, and when the darkest of all days came, then came EUen to comfort and assist. My life has been most guilty ; but still I have sometimes knelt in prayer to God, and then I have prayed that He who loves the pure in heart would ever keep Ellen Lee happy and .good as when she first wandered with tne throiigh the Kentish woods near Chatham, listening to my praises, • _ e .. -and believing me to be as innocont as herself, I passed at least four months at Qhatham, and as I lived tolerably frugally, and, in Ellen's society, had tip heart for any new wickedness, I committed no fresh crime, but made the money I had procured at Maidstone answer all my purposes. : Daring the period of my intimacy with the Iieea I had told Ellen the story of my life,requesti«gher, however, uotto divulge anything connected with my history to her mother. £iien cried bitterly at the recital of my sufferings aud my sins, aud implored me to let the past be the past, and to commence life anew. I often had a desire to do Hub ; butthen ihat past had a potrer over me for •ever. Neither repentance nor amendment could sire immunity fw deeds committed. However, yrhile my mjney lasted, I did no vio- lation to my feolmgs. I felt tAw much happier one could be following good than pursuing evil, and I refrained from obtaining "money, and money m any way. But when I had only a pound or two left in my pocket, I was uiged by the devil within me to renew my warfare upon the world. I bade EUen and her mother goodbye, telling them that I hoped in a few weeks to have the pleasure of being with them again. I did see them more than once afterwards ; but tho story, as it advances, will relate where. 1 left Chatham with four pounds only remaining to begin business anew. The particular line of business I had not determined. I had some of the trinkets which I had stolen at the Maidstone Hotel by me still, and these I converted into cash. I went to Herne Bay, and on the second night of my arrival I" danced" the hotel where I was stopping to the tune of twenty-five pounds, a small amount, but sufficient to keep me in cash for the time being. It was while staying at Herne Bay that I met with an advertisement in the London Times which had been inserted by my father. It merely stated that nothing had been heard of me since I went to sea, and that if I was still in England I was to write or go home immediately, the address being given. I wrote a letter to my mother, teHing her I could not come home that I had been a bad boy, that thcro was no home for me in the future ; that I Bhould like to have a letter from her, which ahe could direct to my own name at the post office, Herne Bay, My mother accordingly wrote me a long eloquent letter ; ahe seemed as I read the letter, to be speaking to me again as she used to speak to me when I walked by her side when I was a child. But it was useless. The old deep earnest eloquence was there, but alas! the heart to which it was addressed was changed for ever. My mother implored me to return home; she told me they could send me to school again for a couple of years, as they were in business and doing well; and she felt quite sure, she said, that.I could have done nothing very bad, only some boyish wildncss which my own feelings exaggerated. In reply to this communication I wrote a more explicit letter, and sent my mother some verses. The letter, which was a very long one, I cannot remember. The verses have clung to my memory, so I give them:— Mother I darling mother, you are seeking me I kooWf And I feel thy love will follow through the world where'er I go; But I cannot comc, dear mother; I am sadly altered now; The once fair wreath of innocence that garlanded my brow Has faded ne'er to bloom again ; and from the things of yore— The fair, the good, the beautiful—I'm severed evermore. My onward way must be a path of darkness and of pain, But I must tread it all alone—I cannot c >rae again. Of all the changes that have come.I kno w that this will be, Where all the changes bnvc been sad, the saddest change to thee. I know how mnch thou'lt weep, mother, for thy dear boy so lost, And 'tis the sorrow thoa must feel that makes me sorrow most-. I strove against this darker fate, 1 struggled, mother, Jon?, I starved and suffered months, mother, ere I was linked to wrong ; And even now good angels plead to win me —bst in vain ! Once fallen is for ever lost—I cannot co.ne again. I'm severed from thcc by my sin, but cannot say "forget," Thy love is such a hallowed thins;, I a?k it ' even ret; But let it be a memory that images al! fair The child that with uplifted hands in faitb knelt by thy chair. Think of me, mother, as I was, when joy lit up my brow And my young heart was innocent, but not as I am now. Pray for me. This I know thou'lt do ; but seek me not, 'tis vain t I'd throw a shadow on thy home—I cannot come again. They say that in the desert drear somo green- ness may be found, Some oasis in contrast strange to all the waste around, And even thus, within my heart, guilt-darkened though it be, There is a love all beautiful, that lives and clings to thee. I'm weeping very bitterly, I cannot help these tears. They are the tribute memory pays to joys of fleeted years. Good-bye 1 God bless thcc, mother dear ! I sorrow for iby pain Oh I if I were but inanceut, I'd glilly co.-ne again. I distinctly stated in the letter tint it would be utterly useless a^aiti wrkiiu; to me as I was on the eve of setting out for a distaut part of the country. This was quite true, for the next mornin* I loft Heme Bay. and went ag iin to MiiJstonc. I went with as^d heart, thinking of all tli? grief mymother »vt»uld S'l'ifn-on ;ny accou «t. S'te had been such a g«» id mother to ; atid I seemed to aeo her lookiirj d nvii uj>ja me with her lull lustrous cyc3, auJ f>> iu:y kissing nie aud pointing to all the beautiful things so l.iraely sc ittercd by the haud «f God through all the universe—juntas she U3ed to do in the olden days w;ivu I was her darling boy, in whose future all her hopes and drc iun were ccutred. And what a future that has been 1 Better, mother, to have seen me laid when I was innocent in some quiet churchyard, where in summer evenings you could have visited the little grave that held my body with full assurance 'that my spirit had winged its flight to Heaven ! What sorrow, wretchedness, and sufiering have fallen to my lot my own heart knows only. My outward misery has been great; but there h&3 sometimes been an inward torture still more dreadful to endure. Thou art in Heaven, my mother! and by the increased light of thy angel knowledge thou can st read this heart of mine as mortals read it not. Thou wilt know then, that I have struggled against the evil prompting of my nature ; that I have sorrowed much fur the grief tliat I have occasioned thee; that at this moment the good voice is pleading within me and the good angel sits watching near tuy heart. Mother; if spirits above can strengthen the struggling spirits on earth, strengthen thou mo, st» that the . voice apeak not in vain, aud the vigil of the angel be not lost. But alas! what hope of being goad have I ? It is likely tlut years and years ago, in that journey to Sl.udstone, I felt a transient repentance, a momentary yearning for the good; tliat I wept, that I prayed ; and that soon afterwards I ro* signed myseif to wickedness, and was, Without compunction, seeking " money, and money in any way.** , Alas for the in. consistency of human nature! alas for the wretched weikuois ot good intfeu - tions! alas for the worthlessness of holy desires disassociated from the persistent, energy which ever labours fot their fruition. The more pets Abe o^a maid ban, (he mor* tettish the old maid is apt to be. 