Buried AIÍFC. During, the great plague of London it is pro bable many people were buried alive, so,great was the haste to dispose of the dead. ' Here is an ex tract from an old chap-book: During the plague, carts were sent round the city each?. night, the drivers of which rang a bell, as intimation for every house to bring out its dead. The bodies were then thrown promiscuously into the cart, conveyed to the suburbs, and buried. A piper had his constant stand at the bottom of Holborn, near St. Andrew's Church. He became well known about the neighborhood. A certain gentle man, who never failed in his generosity to the piper, was surprised, on passing one day, as usual, to miss him from his accustomed place./ Upon inquiry he found that the poor man had been taken ill in consequence of a very singular accident.. On the joyful occasion of the arrival of one of bis countrymen from the-Highlands,, the-piper had, in fact, made too free with the contents of the, keg;'these so overpowered his faculties that1 he stretched himself out upon the steps of- the church and fell fast asleep. He was found in this situa tion when the dead cart went its rounds; abd the carter, supposing that the man was dead, made no scruple to put his fork under the piper's belt, and hoüfíd him into his vehicle, that our Scot tish musician should share the usual brief cere monies of interment. The piper's faithful dog protested against the seizure of his master, jump ed into the cart after him, to the no small annoy ance of the men, whom he would not suffer to come n&ar; the body;he-further"took upon himself .'the/office of; chief ^mourner, by setting up the most lamentable howling as they passed along. The strèets ' and roads by which they had to go-being very rough, the] jolting of the cart, added to the howling of the dog, had soon the effect of waking our drunken musician from his trance. It was dark; añd'the piper, when he first recovered him self, could form no idea either of his numerous companions, or his conductors. Instinctively, however, he felt for his pipes, and, playing up a merry Scotch tune, terrified in no small measure. the ciirUrs; who' fancied they had got a legion., of ghosts in their conveyance. - A little time, however, put all to rights; lights were got, and it turned out that the noisy^corpse was the- well known living piper, who was joyfully released from his awful and perilous situation. ' Thefpöor man fell badly ill after his unpleasant excursion, and was relieved during his malady by his former benefactor, who, to perpetuate the remembrance of sq wonderful escape, resolved,, as soon as his patient recovered, to employ a sculptor tô exe cute him a stone. The statue represents asbag piper in a sitting posture, playing his pipes. .', 