The 18tb of Mareh. , Last Friday William Liebknecht, leader of the German Socialist Party, was released from gaol after undergoing a sentence of four months' imprisonment for some imaginary offence against bis Imperial-Majesty. ? On that day Liebknecht completed his 25th term of imprisonment, because, having opinions and a will, he dares ,to proclaim and fight for tnem.' ? ?/' ? : ;-? ' ' ? . Arid on Tuesday next this old warrior' will' celebrate his 72nd birthda'y.' : All honour to ? It Was the anniversary of the death of Karl Marx. (1883) who -founded the International, who:.also drew forth Socialism from the cloud land of .primitive Utopias and set it firm-footed upon the impregnable rock of modern evolu tionary science. nt fef th£ a^mry of ifte'^is Commune1 of 1871, when1 betrayed France^betrayVd' by its- -Jmperorat Sedan and* by Gettera* Bazdine' at Metis— found a vindicator of the national! honour m the working men of Paris. Renewed, efforts; are beinr''miA **' I Domestic Workers' Association Th cto Hi I ing h;eld;.last week/, was a BplendiH fir8tlW I it is now hoped that.astS %?*** i I established. ... ? . ° uni°a will J I X writes:— 'The municipal counnii v ' I power of rigging up the rolls of \ fh ave% I ? electors for both Houses of Pari ; ,ate-paying I many of them in a brazen-facS uB ent) 4 I that, power. It may not be em^J exerci*e I that the Government depends aHlS I the municipal clerks fof il8 lisS of ^ '^^ I electors, and I know of several instn^ P,ayill2 I stuffing in the Tory interest, ff09 of - I never wrongful ly -infected, but verv n/*°tes ate i are wrongfully excluded The c ? \ ^ I worked mostly in regard to vacai. u . ^ plural voters. In order Lo pro?, that T^ ^ making wild random assertions I Jrj -amilot specific case within 8 miles of the citv ^k are 23 names on the roll for thp v\ i ete Estate, Heidelberg. retweseatii.gVS11?* the local council and 23 for the L ^ h Assembly. It is an acknowledged fact ff S1' should not be more than 15 uauS on ft fe estate. In all parts cf the colony it s ??' ranged' to rate various hlocks to varinn. ? f viduals.of ' correct opinions.' The mZ ^\ councils are the revision courts, and tZf good care that objections are lodged where? technical' point can upset a Labour vote-hurl 18 not the 'duty v of revision courts to trik X names, although known to be wronsfuliv ir, ,f rate book and oa the r-,li, uti!, ,s obiS ? formally lodged. As outsiders do not b° ,£ inner workings-, such objections rarelv lodged, although applications from «ri»u thinking' persons to have their names nut* are as frequent as they are mysterious. So t ! comedy proceeds. Does not all this go to show that the. Labour party should be members of 2 councils and members of the revision courts!' ...'*' * * ' Dear Tocsin,— It has occurred to me thai workers need not much concern themselves a regards the powers vested in the Federal Parlia ment, but they must jealously scau the consti tution of that Parliament. If it is democratic. ally constituted, democracy is safe. If it is oligarchically constituted democracy is in peril. The constitution -as embodied in the Bill is essentially conservative. The Senate will contain Forrest's chosen from the West inane Respectables frbm Tasmania; holy con servatives from S.A., and choice Tory speci mensfrom :N.S..W. and Victoria. Each State 'be it remembered, is to be one electorate. 'What a ghost-like hope a working man would have o! contesting a seat for the whole of Victoria if Money Bags determined to block hihi ! It is painfully plain -that the select few who findre pose in this gilded Senate will be virtually life peers, whom ; nothing but a revolution will re movei. The House- of Eepresentatives will con tain about 60 members, and there must neces sarily be large electorates. Thus, again, what | chance, wiould Labour candidates have if wealth' I was arrayed, against them ? . None, absolutely I none i; ' Moreover, deadlocks are to be provided I for, not- by /-Referendum, but by a -dissolution of I both Houses. Now, .Tocsin readers, remember I this: — deadlocks only occur when there is some I big interest or vital.-, principle at stake— when Fabmen do not scruple to spend thousands, When both Houses appeal to their gigantic elec torate's, money must . win ! . If after the election both parties remain obdurate, both Chambers meet in conference, but it will require three fifths of- the members voting- to pass the dis puted measure ; so that if half-a-dozen members ¥ of the Lower House voted with the solid phalanx I Of -the 30 Fats in the Senate the Bill would be I defeated. The Senate must win. And this is the I miscarriage that has been substituted for a Referendum. Fellow Workers of Australia, 'tis wiser for you to bear those ills you have than fly to others you know not of. Of what use is Federation, anyhow, to Labour unless Labouris going to. obtain an advantage by it ; and as the fact' is that the Federal Bill offers absolutely no gain to' the workers, the latter should not be anxious to exchange what they have for what they do 'not want. ' Advise your readers, dear Tocsin, not to beied 'away by pseudo-patriotic clap-trap. Never mind about ' great and glori ous empires, '' powerful nations with one people and one destiny,' and all that kind of fudge. Ask Labour to* study Labour's interests. The W proposed Federation will not ameliorate the con- ? dition of the workers. Federation has new ? been of any benefit to the workers. The United ? States of America are rotten with millionaire?. ? boodlers, and a starving multitude; the united ? British Empire, '? on which the sun never sets, | has millions ? of its citizens decaying in tte slums ; the German Federated States are ruled with . despotic militancy. Why, then, shouia Australian workers whoop for Federation unless said Federation means the betterment of Aus tralian Labour. But when . the reverse iS'tffi cose— whea a Constitution is rigged up DJ Tories, the' Workers would be fools to have ajj thing to dp with the Fatrnan's politicalbastarai A.O.F.T. .... 