A Melbourne Letter. (from ofr special correspondent). Melbourne, May 25. Notwithstanding the non-recognition of the special issue of Victorian charity stamps by English collectors the batch sold with commendable promptitude. The sum -available for distribution among various charitable institutions amounts to some £2600 odd. The face value of the stamps was retained by the Postal Department, together with the cost of printing. The issue was made up of 10,000 at half-a -crown apiece, and another 40,000 at a humble shiling. A g odly number of the latter remain on the GK.F.O.'s hands owing to a glutted market, and are likely to continue there. The Melbourne Hospital's slice of the income comes to £360 and the committee is accordingly jubilant. Though the mania for collecting dirty little squares of punctured paper appears inordinately ridiculous, its absurdity is not so apparent when the oracle is worked in the cause of suffering humanity. The spread of the stamp craze has only developed into such colossal proportions of late years when dealing— and sharp at that — has be come a recognised profession. . When an extra black mark or a puncture or two add untold value to a rara avis, it is plain that these trifling additions will not remain unmade, provided de tection can be staved off. Lemon juice is also a potent factor in enhancing values so long as the de facing ink is amenable to its acid ministrations. The rapid progress of the dairying industry and the adoption of the latest scientific inventions in this line go hand in hand. As a mild form of agricultural encouragement the Customs Department admits cream separators free of duty, although since the pasteurising process came into vogue pasteurisers have been skimmed of a duty of 25 per cent. The Dairymen's Association objected to this apparent inconsequent reasoning, and rounded up the department to such good effect that terms have been made. Where it can be proved satisfac torily that pasteurisers are to be used in conjunction with separators they will in future ' be admitted duty free. As one machine is attached to the other when working, this means more than would at first sight be con cluded. The action effects a comfortable saving ofg£4 on each machine,and as the pasteurising system is making great headway, the saving, from an agricul tural standpoint, will be considerable. Owing to the excessive badness of the winter, the Government has succumbed to the necessity for making wholesale concessions to the farmers, in all depart ments. With the scarcity of fodder the starving cattle have been and are in a sad case, and were it not for the reduc tion of freight on their substituted 'comestibles,' their plight, together with that of their unfortunate owners, might be even worse. The latest product turned to for fattening cattle is the beet refuse from the sugar factories. After the saccharine matter has been extracted from the sliced up beet, by various processes to intricate to expound in the limited space at my command, the remaining vegetable pulp is held to contain mo&t; nutritious essentials for the fattening of stock. The b et tops are also utilised as fodder so that there is absolutely no waste to speak of in the manufacturing of beet sugar. The Railway Department has fixed a low tariff for the conveyance of the ex hausted pulp and the stuff is now being carried at a 33 per cent reduction from the Maffra factory and distributed all round the country. The rumor that has gained cur rency about Duncan Gillies having had a not insignificant finger in that New Guinea syndicate dies hard. The in convenience of such a flying tale in the air may be guessed at, as the gentleman in question has put in his voice tor Federation. If Gillies made use of his Agent- Generalship in. the manner alleged, in order to bulge his ovn pockets, is not the majority of common or garden legislators rowing in the same boat ? However that may be, Dune, flatly contradicts the allegation, and vows that he never was either a share holder, contributor, director, or member of the N.G-. ' shindy.' He declares it is all a misunderstanding on the part of Sir William MacG. We hope so, as the Ministry which Gillies one time adorned had quite a big enough share of un meritorious responsibility on its shoulders. The formal acceptation of Magistrate Panton's resignation, which has just been handed in, surprised no one more than that gentleman himself. At his age, and considering the length of time he spent on the Bench, in un questioned might, the b!ow was a severe one. For the sake of peace, and because a pig-headed little faction smelt bias, the country is deprived of the valuable services of a kind administator. Steps have been taken to fill the vacancy caused by the popular P.M.'s retirement. The petty policy displayed in accepting the resignation voluntarily put in, meets with little public support, and has in fact, elicited condemnation of no mild order from far and near. The ghostly illumination which has been obsetved in the twilight at Oolac, swooping along through the air at a tremendous pace, has succeeded in terrifying many persons out of their wits. On beholding the flying light nervous young women have been faint ing away in batches by the roadside. A well-known resident of wild political ?aspirations which always end in fizzle, on meeting the apparit'on became con vinced that his hour had come and retired to his couch to await the gtim visitant, meanwhile despatching mes sengers post haste for ihe parish priest and a local iEscnlapins. After several hours of prolonged suspense had dragged their weary length the sufferer arose from his death bed and retired to the friendly seclusion , of the nearest public, the bosom of his family having become too hot of com fort. When the yarn got wind the would-be member adjourned to Mel bourne for a week, but ths story travelled in his wake. Ihe super natural visitaut which created such over whelming mental havoc among its audience, developed, on closer investi gation, into a family ' pretty cocky,' with a Chinese lantern attached. When the explanation arrived the victims of the ghost entirely lost their prestige and fell to earth with a bump that resounded, Glory had departed for aye ! 'J hat hell hath no fury like a woman scorned is a truism, that oft obtrudes itself. In the Hobby bigamy case ihe furioso element was paramount, and received treatment not calculated to diminish its rage. The lady followed the romantic occupation of a barmaid, and the young man, who loved not widely by aay means, was prone to obtain so many casual 3d glimpses of the fascina ting Hebe, that his mental eqailibrium collapsed before hi3 articulation suffered a total eclipse. In this state, after mix ing his drinks as none, but a professional hand can, in order to obtain the exact shade of amiable tcquiescence desired, she took her married adorer off to a cheap marriage mart and there wedded him out of hand : holding him up through the pel-format ce of the holy ceremony. In the morning when hubby Hobby | realised his bigamistic propensities and criminal liability together with the in dispensable ' bead,' his plight was a sorry one. It became considerably ag gravated when Mrs. H. ISTo. 2 threat ened .to ' pull ' him for bigamy unless he consented to live with her. For a terrible period of 14 days he remained in subjection, but at that juncture he preferred to cast himself upon the ten der mercy of the law rather than put up with any more Hebe, the lady owned in- court to having made him commit bigamy so that she might prosecute him in order to be revenged upon him for having the audacity to marry another woman in preference to herself. The presiding Justice sympathetically released the remorseful .Don Juan on his undertaking to come up for sentence when called upon. Administering a caution, the Justice, advised him to steer clear of the vengeful Flossie in futur\ The anti-billites on the warpath take much umbrage at the unanimity with which the Church faction wears out the knees of its pants in favor of the Con stitution. Federation ? Sunday saw packed congregations patiently swallow ing the moral and religious aspect of the questions up to fourteenthly, while the male portions groped around in numerous pockets for a spare to bacco tag'to put in the plate. For even in this the fashions change and trouser buttons for collection purposes are entirely a thing c f the past. But to re turn to our mutton, although the meat tax is used mostly as a stalking horse, the elderly Federal lamb, according to the Premier's calculations, will cost about 2s l|d per head. To put matters more plainly the annual price of Federa tion, on his reckoning, will be 2s Ifd a head for each Victorian. It used to be said that figures -cannot, lie ; but now nous avons change tout cela. The fate ful day draweth nigh with relentless head and the fate of nations rocks in balance. The Victorian ultimatum may be prog nosticated with tolerable certainty ; al though in feeling the mass pulse and the direction in which the cat is about to jump is not invariably to be ascer tained correctly, the gentle profession of rail sitting not being reserved exclu sively ' for members only.' 