TBE FARMERS' DEPUTATION. Tho' deputation-from the Farmers' and Selectors' Association consisted of Messrs.' J. Davis (President), T. Whiteley (Secre- tary), D. Whiteley, E. Ii. Carpenter, and others, and among those present were Messrs. J. Murray, W. Kidston, and U. S, Curtis, MM.L.A. Mr.'MuRiur, in introducing the deputa- tion, said it had como diere for the purpoBeof urging on the Minister tho desirableness of utilising, the blook of land, consisting of 282 acres, on the Central Railway, in the vicinity of Stanwell, whioh, it had been noticed by j that morning'« paper, had been set «port for ; tho purposes of an experimental farm. j Mr. r. WHITEIXY' said he hod first, on behalf of the association, to congratulate Mr. Chataway on having attained to the position of Minister for Agriculture and welcome him to the- district. (The Minister : "Thank you.") There were-several' other matters' besides the experimental farm that tho depu- tation wished to bring to the Minister's notice, but he should deal with the farm first. Some twelve months ago the association inter- viewed Mr. Chatawny's predecessor (the Hon. A. 3. Thynne) with regard to thc farm, and he promised that one should be-established somewhere'in the ' coastal districts; There had been a considerable amount of correspon- dence ; but no satisfaction had been obtainedi However, it appeared from a paragraph'in< the morning's paper that-an area had been set apart, and it was desired it should 'be put to use as soon as possible. It wasdetirable that the people in tho coastal district, where most of the farming in the division* was done, should have the advan- tages-of tbo teaching of the officers of the Agricultural Department. Thc block that been reserved was considered very suitable for the purpose for which it was intended. Several kinds of agriculture could be carried out on it. For- instance, general agri- culture and fruit-growing could be pur- sued there, and possibly a system of irrigation-which' was a question on which the farmers wanted information-could be tried. The next subject on which it was desired to address Mr. Chataway was the matter of the bulls that the departtneut had provided for competition. Probably Mr. Chataway was aware that at the late farmers' conference he (Mr. Whiteley) had aBked that the North and the Centre should be treated in the same way as tho South, and thc reply was given that it would not be safe owing tc the prevalence of ticks. Since then a request had been made to the department that one bull should be inoculated and sent to the tick-infested country so as to test whether, in tho case of bulls, inoculation made the animals proof against tick fever. So far, however, no satisfaction had been received. Mr. Chataway was no doubt aware that th« fever carried off bulls tint. The result ol if H CiL usu uucu mac me aietnct was becoming very short ot hulls ; and it was a risk for selectors to import bulls from the south seeing that they wete not assured, even after inoculation, that it would be safe. What the deputation asked was that a bull should be inoculated in the South and sent to the tick- infested localities hore ; and, if it with- stood the fever, ta inoculate others and send them hero for competition the same as had been done in some or the Southern dis- tricts. The other question he should Uko ta bring to Mr. Chataway's notice was the Diseases in Plants ¡Act. Rockhampton wai tho main port of entry for a large area ol inland country, and it was thought it should HIBO be a port of entry within the meaning ol thc Act. At present plants from outside tht colony could only be admitted at Brisbam and Cairns. The result wa« that planti coming to the Central Division-and then were a great many-had to be inspected it Brisbane, shipped again, and forwarded 01 to Rockhampton, and very often, by the timi they reached the western country, they wen in a very bad state. What the deput&tioi; wanted was that they should bc examinee here and allowed te go straight out into th interior. Of course if Rockhampton wen made a port of entry it would be necessary ti appoint an inspector; but even if it were no made a port of entry, there should be such ai officer. There were already a lot of disease in the division that should be kept in check There were a great number of old garden« am orchards-gardens and orohards that wer never attended to, and in these piases were i lot of half- dead trees that were almos smothered with disease. In fact, they wer simply breeding establishments for pests, on people who lived alongside them, and wh tried to keep their orchards clean, had not ghost of a show of doing so. . Mr. GOODMAN" pointed out that within i : radius of five mHes of the land at Stanwell 1 which had been set aside as a reserve for ai expérimentât! farm there were from IS* to 14( settlers, each with about 160 acres of lane 1 and each trying to make a living from tin soil. A farm there, managed by officers o : the department, wonld be of great value t< these settlers. For one thing, it woula b* 1 the means of leaching them to grow plaati that, at the present time, they did not knot how to grow. Mr. D. WHITELEY remarked that tba tick had practically annihilated the male stock ii the coastal districts in the vicinity of Boek bampton, and the selectors were very un certain as to whether they could import bull from the South with any reasonable cei taioty of success. Mr. MURRAY said he had brought th , matter of the farm at Stanwell under tb notice of Mr. Thynne, who premise it should bo established if the report of Mi Benson were favourable. Mr. Benson ha reported, ho understood, and his' ropoi was believed to be favourable. The lane be might point out, was within fourlée mites of Rockhampton and very centrait situated. It was bounded by a psrmanei watercourse, by the Central Railway, and b a public road. It would be of great advai tage to the settlers in the vicinity, and a boo to the farmers generally in the coastal di trio«. Mr. CARBENTER remarked that ho was wit Mr. Benson when ho went over the land tb. bad been' reserved for the farm. Mi Benson said ift was. the only piece he hs seen that was at ali suitable for a farm andi would recommend it. |: The MINISTER said that what had bec stated^abouti Mr. Benson having recommande the land-.st Stanwell as a site for » farm wi quite truS'i jn faot, as that morning's pap* stated;'lt had ibsen reserved for tho purp»« It< was oontldered'by chis predecessor in omi that iout'of Hhe-vote'of '£8O00-i-he th()ngl thW wSiitba amosnt>-for experimental fara iwxr new* farmsv should be etartoda-oi for' tbs« Wide Bay! district and'1 the- otb for the Central DtvWon, HS Imaghft it wa; alto considered by Mr, Thyni that the prospecte of doing good in the Ceil trat .Division were somewhat greater in the downs country than on tho coast-that boYolt that there was likely to be' a Urge < amount-of "settlement in' the early future there, and cspeoiallyi botween -Spring, sure and Clermont, also that lie believed that, in starting an experimental farm in that part of the division, hf should'be not only benefiting these future Bottlers, but (through its -book country) Jiookhampton, However, he (the Minister) could assure the deputation that the matter of tho Stanwell farm would not be lost sight of, though ho could cot give any definite promise that anything would be done with regard to it this year-or, rather, this finanoial year. With the farm that had beon established in the Wide Bay district end' thc farm that had boen started near Emerald, the vote < for farms would be ?. used up,~or, at any rate, tho greater part of it. When ho returned' to Brisbane-he , should look up the report of M r. Benson which had'been referred to and do what he could towards Rotting a vote-that was provided, of course, tho report was favourable-for it. With regard lo bulls for dairy purposes being inoculated and sent up here, it seemed to be a rather expensivo experiment. From what had been said that morning it would seem that tho people here had some doubt as to the value of inoculation-; but he (tho Minister! knew, as one who had recently come from the North, that the people there-who had very considerable experience of inocula- tion1-had very little doubt on the point. At least two stookowners that he know of were bringing bulls from the South. With regard to giving bulls as prizes in the Centre and North, he thought Mr. Thy one's hesitatior was due to thc fact that the value of inocula- tion; as a preventive of tick fever, was not, al tho time he was approached on thc subject, proved ; but now uearly cverybodyconnectec with the department, he (tho Minister) be lieved, cousidcreditwasabsolutcly proved. Hi had seen thc second generation of inoculate.: cattle-cattle that had been inoculated fron cattle that had had the fever, but whicl themselves bad not had the disease-broughl ¡uto iofested country, country that' wai grossly infested, and though they had beei there since the ith of January last, they hat not been affected. And among thoBe aattli were two bulls and two cows, nine and tel years old respectively. That was only one o ' the many experiments which had been con ' ducted at Mackay, and it led to the belie that,- if conducted properly, inoculation wa an absolute preventive. But no proof coull ' be given by bringing one bull herc. That bul might escape, while tweuty others whicl might be brought hero might die. As ti giving bulls as prizes in dairy competitions as had boen done in some parts.of the South ho thought if there were no chock to th ' success of the inoculation - experiments li should be able to nroniÍBe that i ball or two should bc inoculated in the South-where there wcro the means (or conducting experiments successfully ami for keeping cattle quiet after they were inocu- lated-and offered to the people of thc Centre on thc same terms as bulls had been offered at Gympie, Laidley, and other southern town!'. It had been urged by Mr. T. Whiteley that Rockhampton should be made a port of entry under the Diseases in Plants Act, and one of the reasons he had given for ir was that there was a large number of plants coming to the Central Division. He (the Minister) should maka inquiries as to what plants were sent herc. Rut thc complaint that hud been mado by Mr. Whiteley, be might say, was npt a complaint that was made by Rockhampton alono. It was one that had been made by every town along tho coast with the exception of Brisbane and Cairns. The question of making ports of entry had been considered carefully by the Board of Advice that had been appointed under the Act. The Board had to work very gingerly, lt felt that the first thing it should do WSB, as far as pos- sible, to prevent diseases from coming into the colony ; and here it was met with the difficulty that moBt of tho nico it could get to act as inspectors would first have to be taught their business - that if it made every port in the colony a port of entry it would require to have as in- spectors mon who did not, say, know the San Jose scale from the Purple Wax scale. Conse- quently it recommended that there should be only the two ports of entry-that those porte only ehoutd bo proclaimed where competent inspectors were to be had. He (the Minister] had bad similar requests to that made by Mr. Whiteley from other towns, and he should, on his return to Brisbane, lay the mattet before tho Board, pointiug out that there wai a large number of plants coming to the Central Division, una that, in the case ol delicate plants, detention in Brisbane meant death to thc planes. That he would be able tc say from his own experience, for ho had seen rose trees which bad been' brought from Sydney, and which had been detained in Brisbane, absolutely worthless by the time they reached their destination in tho North. However, it was very likely that, when the inspectors, or possible inspectors, had become better acquainted with their duties, thu would bo altered. With regard to the quos tion of cleaning neglected orchards, the Board had been anxious to work slowly. The Board might, of course, have advised that the fullest powers of tho Act should be brought into operation at once-that tbe inspectors shonld fae instructed to go inte a man's orchard qr into a neglected orchard and say, " Such and such a tree is dirty ; you must take steps tc oleas it, or Btand the consequences ;" but it waa not thought that thia was advisable. It was thought, as in the other case, that until the orchardists had made themselves better acquainted with the means of keeping their orchards clean they should not be harassed, especially until the inspectors had learnt their business better. As those present were aware, inspectors who were removed from the seat of central government might bc very annoying to every orchardist and every small farmer, for they would very often utilise their power in a way they would not do if immediate reference could be had to the Minister or the Onder-Secretary. He did not think he could promise tho immediate'appointment of an inspecter at Rockhampton ; but Os the working of the Act developed and lt wai fosad ' out* how matters really stood, steps would bc taken throughout thc colony to teach peeple, at any rate, how to keep their orchards clean, and then, in tbe «ourse of a year or two, the proprietors of really dirty orchards would cither be crtmpellcd to clean them or tho department Would have them destroyed. Mr. MURRAY' hero thanked the Miniitei [or his courtesy in receiving tho deputation, and retired, Mr. KIDSTON* said there wau anothei matter the deputation wished to bring undei Mr. Chatuway's notice. It was not connected with his (Mr. Chataway 's) department; bul it was a matter in whioh it was thought hi would bc willing to assist the people here - by bringing it to the attention of , hit colleague, tho Minister for Lands, The Government had- bean1 offered an estate ot some 6500 acres on the Agricultura; Reservo under the Agricultural Lands Re- purchase Act; hut it seemed to be- very unwilling-to accept the offer. Tho Commis- sioner for Lands here (Mr. C. A. Starcke) had inspected tho land and reported favourably on it. As a matter of faot, the land was the best agricultural land of any extent witbiu-a radius-of twenty or thirty miles of Rock- hampton. The Government did net seem ta question, that ; but it asked for come kind-of guarantee tbat it would be taken up if it were bought and' eut up into suitable fanni". - Mr. Chataway would understand' that it was im- possible for anyone to givo a guarantee ol that nature. Personally he believed thc land would .bo selected. But he wat not aware that when - the Government bought land In the south under the Act it got any guarantee. It acted as lt must always actio ?such caae>T-on its judgment-of, the circum< statutes and as to wnether.there was likely, tc be a demand for suitable land. Of coarse -it mutt always remain an opinion as to whether laud would be taken up untlllt wat actually thrown open. With regard to this particular land, lie believed, ea ho had already said, that it would be sought after; It wa« within easy reach of Rockhampton, It wa« only from seven to ten mlle» away. It wa« tho bett land in the district for agriculture. Iudoed, he hud very little doubt that if the Government bought it and aubdivided it into ! suitable areas, and made it available on the easy terms that could ' be offered under the I Act, the whole of it would be taken. As he had rcmtrkod at the opening of his Remarks, the deputation wat aware that the matter wat outside Mr. Chataway's department. It also knew that he could not give a definite answer; But it was a matter of very consider- able importance, because if the land were thrown open it wonld be the meant of greatly encouraging agricultural settlement in a dis- trict where ic very badly wanted to be encouraged. There was not a largo area of good agricultural land in tho vicinity of ' Rockhampton, and it was hoped that when Mt. Chataway returned to Brisbane he would represent to the Minister for Lands the desirableness of doing in this district what ho had already done in several of the Southern /tfatrint*. Mr. Culms said ho belived the oller was one that waB entitled to the liest consideration of the Government. Tho soil on tho Agricul- tural Reserve, he understood, wus equal lo almost anything in the colony. There was au I excellent road to it. The access to it also was good. Then the wholo of tho ressrve-of whloh this estate only formed part-could, he I had been told, be easily irrigated, from the Fitzroy River. As he had already said, tho otter was entitled to consideration and more especially as, so far, the operation of the Act and the expenditure of funds under it lind been entirely confined to the Southern Division. Not a sixpence of the funds had been expended iu thc Central Division yet, and he was inclined to think thatif there were any land at all In the division that was worthy of being purchased under tlic provisions of thc Act, it was this land. As to whether lhere would bc an immediate demand for it, it was almost impossible, as Mr. Kidston had remarked, for anyone to absolutely guarantee; but he thought that if it were offered on tho terms that tho Act permitted-the payment hoing allowed to extend over twenty or twenty-five years it would bc taken up. It was a reasonable assamption, at any rate, that it would be selected. Ile only wished to add that he supported what Mr. Kidston had said with regard to the matter. Mr. CARPENTER said lie had been living in the vicinity of this estate of Mr. Murray's for sbmo years, and it was one of the beat pieces of land in tbe district. The country round it was closely settled 'r but this being such a large block, and tho farina round it separated by such distances, there was no chance of getting a central dairy or faotory established. The position was really this-Mr. Murray's estate formed a square and the people were all round it. It would bc remembered that Mr. Baron Jones visited tliiB part of the colony in 1893, and thc best resulte he had ia the district were got from thc Agricultural Reserve. Selectors from all round brought their milk to the travelling dairy which Mr. Jones had charge of, und he got llb. of butter from lesa than two gallons of milk. There was a good demand for land on the reserve. Some time ago the Government threw open some land in thc scrub beyond it, and it was ell taken up. Then there had been a block of forty acres Bold recently for £200. Other sales had also been made, lu his opinion there would be no difficulty at all about selling tbe land if it were bought at u reasonable figure and offered on reasonable teritiH. Water could be obtained at a reasonable depth on all parts of the reserve,'and, us Mr. Curtis had pointed out, water could bc brought from the river, which was only four miles distant. In fact, when the Pandora Sugar Plantation, which adjoined Mr. Murray's property, was in full swing, lhere was some talk of irrigating from the river. He took Mr. Benson round thc country on the occusion of his first visit to the district, and he said thc land on the reserve wes thc best he had seen in thc district up till that time. As he had already said, he believed the laud would bc tnken up. Small settlers would establish themselves on it if it were cut up properly, and, he was confident, they would very soon start a central butter factory. The MINISTER : Is the land on the farm reserve at Stanwell typical of a large area Mr. CARPENTER : Yes. The MINISTER : Is tho soil on the settle- ments in thc Stanwell district similar to the soil on the reserve there Mr. CARPENTER: Verysimilar. Itextends from Stanwell to Westwood. Then it is black soil ; but beyond that again - at Gogango-the soil is gray the same as at Stanwell. The MINISTER : Is it poor soil ? Mr. CARPENTER: NO. It is great lucero country. Mr. W. 0. Lamond's place, which was recommended as a site for an experi- mental farm years ego, is within a couple of ¡miles of tho Stanwell farm reserve. Along the banks of the creeks there the land is very rich. The land on the Agricultural Reserve is very different. It is black soil. Mr. Murray's property has been ringbarked for twenty or thirty years-or the greater part of it-and it is almost like a plain now. Mr. D. WniTELEV said he could with confi- dence support what had been said concerning this estate. He had known it for years, and he had a very considerable experience in agri culture. .The soil was such as was rarely mel with. Practically every acre of it was arable And he knew fora certainty that land adjoin ing bad been sold at a very high figure indeed If the Government would accept Mr. Murray': offer, it would, he was sure, reap a gooc profit. Mr. KIDSTON said he would just like ti mention that Mr. Murray offered to sell tb land, with improvements, at £1 10s. per acre So if the Government bought it, cut it up and sold it at £2 per acre, it would receive i rent ol £7 KB. for every fifty acres. The MINISTER .- Then I conclude the prie is not the difficulty. " Mr. KIDSTON : No. ' The MINISTER : Although the matter !B not in my department, I know that in many cases ' where land has been offered to the Govern- ment the difficulty was the price, for the Act * precludes the Government from giving more than the Land Board says the laud is worth. 1 So, although pressure has been brought to 1 bear on tho Government to buy estates, ¡thai not-and it could not have-bought because r of the difficulty of the price. In this case , you do not think it is the price ? Mr. KIDSTON : Not as far as I am aware. I r do not think there bas been any complaiut r about that. So far as I know, the difficulty I is that the Government wants some guarantee ; that the land will be taken up, and I think i you will see it ts absurd to ask for that, i The Government must take the circumstances i of the district and the demand for agricul- tural Und into consideration, and judge i whether it would be wise to purchase the land and subdivide it. The MINISTER : You said the Land Com- missioner's report was favourable. In what respect was it favourable? I conclude it was < favourable as to the value of the land. Was (t favourable on the other side that there was < likely to bo a demand for it? Mr. KIDSTON : I saw Mr. Starcke, and he seems to be doubtful. He concludes his report with tbe comment^that it would, per , bans, be as well to make sure whether the land would be taken up before buying it. He doss not ' think there is-much demand for agricultural land; but you mutt remember this-and I hope you will point thia out to yonr colleague-that Mr. Starcke has been in thedistrlot only a month or two and does not know anything about the distriot. All the gentlemen here-most of them'at any rate are farmers, and thoir judgment in such a matter J«,I tbiok.pnfarabletoMr. Starcke's. MrvTt-WBlTiabBTSsidrhe was brought more int© .touch with, the farmers.generally, than the ordinary run of-farmers from the fact that he wat secretary of the association, and from th» Inquiries be bsd receive« for land, he «ru confident there wai not the ehadow nf a doubt of this land being (eleen up. So on that Booro the Government need not have «ny fear. The MlSTBTKH Baid the deputation ajould rest aean'red that, as far AI lavin bia.power, he would do what ' Mr. Kidston «(Liked from him. He-entirely sympathised ..with the view Mr. Kidston took. When ¿the Act wei before . 'Parliament ire rexpreeead the opinion 'that lt should not apply-to the southern, portion of *he ?colony, «lone, but that other part« should receive tbe.tin douhted benefit it would confer. The greater part of the demand which had been >sx perienoed :n the South for repurchased land bad been very largely due to the fact that the farmers who had resided there for twenty or thirty years had grown-up sons, and if there were the same class of people here namely, farmers with grown-up sons or with eons growing up-he had not the slightest doubt, from what be coold soe, that thu land would be taken up. If, howover, it was to be purchased to be takeu up by new blood that wa« to say, if people dad to be imported to be settled on it-tho project would, as the deputation would see, stand on a somewhat different footing. Mr. KIDSTON : Twenty or thirty men would take up the whole thing. There are only 5500 acres. The MINISTER: Oh, it is «mall. Mr. GOODMAN said ho would like to remark that about twelvemonths ego a block of'about eighty acres of land at Stanwell was thrown open to selection by tho Government, and it realised £7 5a. per acre. That, bc thought, showed "that Muthero was land-open to selec- tion it would sell -freely. Mr. "CARPENTER: The land at Stanwell brought a rent of 7s- 3d. per acre. It was put up to competition. The MINISTER said lie would speak to the Minister fer Lauds on aha subject ; but -he would ask Mr. Kidston to write him on the (natter. Mr. KIDSTON : Very well. We ure very much obliged to you, und I hope thc Govern- ment will get "over its diffidence iu tho matter. 