The ^Strange Death. OF MB. MAT. SHANNAGAN, J.P. (By the author of ' My 'First Love,' ?' The Live Adventures nf Ah Fine,' ' Bill's Kidneys,' ' Down (lie Mar rutnbldgee on a Raft,' &o.;, i&e;, ' (Written for the ' Qnn'dagai Times.') The lite Mr. Mat. SbannaghBn, J.P., was about, as oinde and raw an indi ''TldTXl'aYIVver dropped across. ? Still' 'he had at least one redeeming feature, '-'? which ieexsotlyoumroarised in tbe magic ';f little word, 'money.' Heaven forbid 1!that T should say anything to- prejudice ?' him ib the eyes of the world,, ior bo is ? : dead, and eurely it ia Well at air times $ (if -I: may 'proffer advice to my erring ?:l fellow-man), to bury with the departed th«ir faults and let. their virtues live. .Unlike most men, Sbannagan hud not ', the advantages of a modern education: ' 'and the world must blame bis parents ''for any deficiency in bi- manners, or the ' way' in . which he received, hia early 'training. For Instance, although be ' wore * massive gold watch and chain, he ' conld not tell tho time of tbo day, and .' if by chance he stumbled up against the ',' Interrogiticn, 'What's the time, Mat?' . he would take the chronograph from hia ' pocket, turn its face and bis own wisely .'(tp i theenqoiier, and exclaim, ' Would .'?you believe it now? look for yourself.' . Nor could he sign bis name, nor even breadth* brands on hia cuttle. I re v member meeting him one day searching 'for a strayed oz, ana1 he sainted me thus, ' Did you see yonder a poley bullock, .'.me on one side and Faddy Mack on the « other?'1 : He, of course, referred to the ?cattle brands of Paddy Mack ' and him -/?elf. '.-..?:-. ? ? ? ? \- . Mrs; Shannagsn, know my trife(l , may hero tell the reader that she was a anrvivor from the Gundagai floods of ?: ,'52, and married 'me in '53, some two years after the death of Shannagan. : Bat how she came to marry me, and the \- trtaio and exciting incidents of my . tort-making Heave for future tellinf, as they are not at all connected with thisatory). . , ; Mrs. Shinnogao, I say, married Mat. I wholly .for- his money. She was in .those days a fine lump of a woman, \- handsome, possessing a classically . eoitelled form, far amy too genteel and too highly educated for Shannngan, and, apart from this, many years bis junior. 'Probably, she calculated when marrying him that she would still be young and pretty, when the great far-seeing Pro vidence saw fit to take Sbannngan ' away. ',' '.'.' ... ? We (Mrs; Shannagnn and myself) had known each other for yearn, in fact, in childhood's happy hours we were sweethearts together. She would have married me in preference to Sbannngan 'had I been in comfortable and marriage 1 able circnmatancM, though- «be wonld probably never married me at all had it not been for the marvellous events of the '62 flood in the Murrnmbidgee, wbiob, , as I have said,,I will tell you of anon. ., .; There was a serious and specially Bad touch of romance and pathos in the untimely death of Shannogan. He was : a farmer,' and I do not - think I am ?betraying any part of my other future story, when I say that his farm (my .present home) is located on the river ?. between Gnndogti and Yass. ; Although a farmer, he and bis wife had never made a success of that ? department of oeckying known as tuikey rearing. I wonder at this, for as I write I am , confronted by a beautiful 'Murrumbidgte flat, carpeted with green ; grass '] and;'- clover. .. Within a stone's ??? throw from where I sit there is n flock of proud black and white gobblers, the ' smallest of which would, I am sure, weigh; 201»b. However, I am not penning an article on poultry farming, ? so I will' proceed quickly with my ? story. ???'?.?'?Ji ! ? .?' ? '=? It was 'Xmai Eve, 1851. The ' fiiiannagans ; were making extensive '.preparations for. the coming 'Xmas ? dinner, as they were expecting . a pnrty of holiday seekers from Sydney. The home larder was scarcely complete, and ?? tbe 'Xmaa dinner en thi morrow, without ' ? Xmas turkey and one or two other little necessities that were missing from ;the cupboard and the cellar, wnnld be , unworthy of the tablo of a J.P. So ?jSkannagan, put the old. horse in the -?bnggy, and wended his way to the good 'old town of Tas-, taklngthe road past ,iConroy's Gap. .'; ?nf In those days railway communication ?did not extend 'to Yas«, so instead of ;' the producer sending his poultry, pro ;duoei'4o., to Sydney and Goulburn, ,there. was rath tr a brisk local market at -whioh buyers and settlers from many ''miles around congregated. On tbie eventful Christmas ' Saturday Eve, '. ^amongst an extra large gathering of the ?liilatter.was Mr.! Mat.' .Shannagan, J.P., '''tha' object of Mb mission being to eecnre ''?'plump 'Xmas turkey, which I need ' ^ihaidjiyVsay .fwas. acoomplished. Tbero ' t were; many,, other little things Mre. ?-._? . fjhanriagtn . had requested him to bring . home, but it is only necessary to mention two; ona half-dozen bottleB Dunneville'e whiskey and ten pounds of mUec biscuits. As Sbannagan turned his horse's head towards home he dreamt not thnt be was leaving the pretty littlo township of Yass never main to guza upon its undulating and rivery beauty ; for almost already the icy fingers of 'the great teacher Death ' wore closing with an unscverable grip of iron rnund his throat, bulling him into the dark, and dreamy, yet unfathomable, benu.ifol and mysterious hereafter. At length he reached his home, un harnessed his horse, and proceeded to unpack tbo purchases. fie pulled out the whisky. Alas, two bottles were j broken, and the fiery fluid had saturated : the biscuits. The turkey, with nn. appetite ferociously whetted by long confinement, had greedily eaten the sop so providentially supplied, and when extricated from the buggy its condition was summed up in the hysterical words that fell from ShannagWa lips and brought Mrs. Sb«nnag*n to his side. 'Lilian, tho 'Xnu dinner is dead.' It is not part of my story to tell the reader what Mrs. Sbannngan said. Tboae of you who havo ever been unfnrtuaate enough to ba placed in any similar predicament know too' well what a woman does say on occasions like these. Tho prostrate fowl was conveyed to' the kitchen table, and in calmer moments logical argument was forth-* coming, and it was finally decided that the biped was fit for consumption, and that (be guests would not be inquisitive as to how it died. Forthwith it was stripped of its feathers, which operation had hardly been completed when the Sydney guests, comprising male and female, arrived, so decapitation, ? dissec tion, and all operations necessary in the process of preparing it for the culinary, were postponed till the morning. In due course the household retired, resolved nodnnbt on a good night's rest to fit themselves for the festivities' and enjoyment of the morrow. They' slumbered Bweetly for some hours, but towards midnight Mr. and Mrs. Slmnnn gan were awakened, Btnrtled, and I may say horrified by bearing piercing screams from an adjoining bedroom. Shanna gan, like a brave man, jumped out of bed with visions of armed burglars, escaped lunatics and ghosts photo graphed on bis imagination, rushed to tho corner of the room, seized his loaded rifle, and, followed by Mrs. Shannagan, armed with a poker, hurried at the locked bedroom door of his frightened guests, burst it open, and found the young lady in a Btate of hysteria. By this time ths whole house w.is astir, collected in the passage. Strange noises, uncanny, unearthly and unaccountable; camo from the direction of the kitchen. A council of war was held, and a squadron of men, headed by the armed and brave Sbannagan, charged the kitchen door and broke it open. There they paused, ns well thoy might, for Burely never befnro did human eyes gaze upon such a strange sight. . Wandering round the room, blinking and scratch ing, gurgling and endeavoring to gobble, was the inebriated, feathorless 'Xmaa turkey— the animated uncooked dinner —in an advanced stage ef dnlerium treinens. The task of pacifying the Indies, explaining, catching and. decapi- tating the turkey, and the burried return of the various parties to iheir beds roaring with laughter, all happened in a few moments. Hut the task that ii left me, that of finishing my chronicle and relating the tragic and sad events' of 'Xmas day, 1851, is a bitter one indeed. I say this without prejudice, ns I inherit (through his widow) the dead man's wealth and property. I would fain have Daisied my story here, but the truth must be told. As marry a party ns evtr went holidaying sat down to a princely dinner and banquet on Xmas day, 1851, at the residencn of Mr.Mat.Shannagan, J.P. One end of the table was adorned by the sturdy personage of the genial host, and opposite pat his beaming and beautiful wife. A tnvory odor. from, well-conked turkey and fresh vegetables, mingled with the perfume of newly cat garden flowers, filled, the room with fragrance. The gentlemen .cracked the latest city jokes, drank wine, and gorged themselves with the good things set before them. The ladies did likewise, and all appeared to be thoroughly appreciating the munificent and open hearted country hospitality. The dinner was over, the jokes had lost their cmpnesa, and the wine.refussd to continue to make glad and manu facture laughter. The ladies turned pale, and cast hurried frightened glances at one another. The gentlemen ceased to talk and joke, and it was only when the host ruBhed from the room and fell insensible nn the steps leading to ' the back yard, that one of the visitors, a young doctor, huskily whispered, the fearful word ' poison.' I cannot das cribs the nwfulnesc of ths next few momenta And the sufferings of the guests, but I content myself with saying that the ' doctor, swiftly as possible, mixed and administered antidotes to the sufferers. ' Puor Sbannagin, however, died, though the others recovered. It has never been explained how tho turkey's flesh became impregnated witb pnisnn. :: The pnst-mortem exuminatirin nf the doctor did not connect it with the whisky-soaked biscuits. Qundagal, October, 1, '08. 