The Plaza of Santa Marta. «- A Story of the Cuban Insurrec tion. By H. Bindloss, . Author of Rising of the Brass Men, &c.; Two men, ragged and travel-stained, lay sleeping the deep sleep of utter weariness on the bare floor of an old Spanish tower in the island of Cuba. The one with his head resting in the angle of the wall and a newly healed scar showing white upon his sunburnt forehead, was Charles V. Marshall, an American journalist on the staff of a paper which supported the cause of the Cuban Insurgents, and indeed of revo lutionaries all the world over, with the usual vigor of a transatlantic journal. He had made part of a campaign with the Insurgents, in search of accurate details, which he had got, more in -tact than he cared about; and eventually, together with his companion, Don Jaime de La Costa, a leading revolutionary, (ell into the hands of the Spanish authorities when the troops stormed Lagunitas entrenchments. 'Ola companero, wake up — it is already dawn.' With these words ring ing in his ears, the American raised himself stiffly on one elbow and gazed sleepily about him. Then memory came back with a pang, and as his eyes fell upon the set tace of La Costa he realised that this was the last time either would wake from sleep, for both lay under the sentence of death. By degrees the gray light grew clearer, until at length a single golden beam streaming through the narrow window quivered upon the rough masonry; and dragging himself towards the barred opening, for he was aching in every limb, Marshall looked out upon the sunrise — the last sunrise he would ever see. Beneath him lay broad fields oi sugar cane, rolling away in lush green waves before the morning breeze towards a wall of misty mountains winch rose against the easier n sky. Here and there flat-topped, white walled quinias aestteu among groves oi orange and hispcro trees and broad-leaved oauar.us; while the faint' air thai entered the t ell scsmed' cooled with de* ml he.ivv -viit,' the fragrance of flower*, (j , i ? , h ry palms which fringed .,ic uiuuu .ugu-r.j.Ki, the white dust lay inoisi auil still, and out of their blue green shadow came the tinkling of mule-iidls and a clear vuitv chanting the chorus of a vintage s mn ; while the merry laughter of children echoed across the wet sword-blades of the sugar-cane. The American ground his heels into the boards. The world seemed very good that morning — a place of light and sunshine ; and yet before the rising sun had crossed the n.eridian, he, now so full of life, would be flung like a dog into a' shallow trench, amid bubbling quicklime — and he shuddered at the thought , 1 This is what you get for interfering in other peoples troubles — yellow fever, risk of drowning, a woun-l when tho troops stunned tiie iicnchcs. and now — ugh — a while wall and a firing party,' he muttered half aloud ; and La Costa, who was proud of h s knowledge of English — -r rather American — answered : 1 Ah my frent, it is the fortune of war — all the same in fifty, year — and we die in a good cause.' Even then Mai shall could not but admire the soldierly grace of his com panion, as the latter flung his arms above his head, showing his broad chest and long straight limbs — a fine type of the old Spanish blood, the American thought ; and he tried to smile in reply. But it was an unsatisfactory ghost of a smile, for the journalist had no desire to die just then — in a ^ood cause, or other wise. Bcsi es, having seen the Spanish iroups, mostly poor hill peasants, torn 'rom lheir homes by a ruthless conscrip tion, dying like flies in pestilential swamps, and dropping out of the ranks in scores on every scorching march to die by the wayside, yet bearing starvation and sickness with heroic fortitude ; he was by no means so sure as he was in the beginning that the revolutionary party monopolised the virtues of courage and endurance. Neither was he so absolutely convinced of the goodness of the cause. After all, he thought, La Costa was right ; it would be all the same in fifty years, ' ready, present, fire,1 a well directed volley, the sting of a bullet — and afterwards darkness . and oblivion. Then the fear came that it might not be a well-directed volley ; for he had seen some ghastly sights that campaign; men, half slain by the bung ling aim of recruit battalions, done to death by rifle butt or bayonet thrust. Anyway, there was no escape now ; he must make the best of it, £ id if the in surgent could take things ph.losophically, he would too. Presently the Cuban also approached the window, and point ing to a distant hillside where tall palms rose clearly against the morning- blue, observed : ' There are our friends, the Martinez column. It is not far, and yet they do not know — and to-day we die. Ay de mi P After this came silence, and, for what seemed hours and hours, the American gat with his head in his hands, until there was a hammering at the door, and a Spanish soldier stood on the threshold, beckoning with his fitigor. Their time had come ; untl pulling himself together, Marshall stepped out. into llio glare of tropic sunlight. Half » company of C'uzadores Cana rio's, cunsuripts from the volcanic rooks of Teneriffe and Grand Canary, marched in front with fixed bayonets, and half a company followed behind ; the nickel buttons of their dull green uniforms and the brass medallions on their clumsy kepis glinting in the sun. When they reached the little town, the narrow streets -ay baking with fer vent heat. A cloud of hot dust, stirred up by the tread of marching feet, pow dered th« Oazailores, turning lheir green to gray ; and every flat azotea roof and narrow side walk was crowded with white-clad citizens, all revolutionaries at heart, who scowled at the Spanish troops from henealh their broad-rimmed huts. The sunlight flashed back from slip pery stones and wliite walls, and Mar shall pushed hia battered straw hat down on his forehead to shut out the dazzling brightness and the eager gaze of the crowd ; hut La Costa drew his crimson sash tighter round his ragged garments, and swung his costly Panama to the ground, as a low murmur of sym pathy and pity rose from the spectators, while the eyes of the women grew dim, and many a swarthy Cuban felt a chok ing in bis throat. Then the murmur changed into a fierce growl of hate and defiance, and the crowd pressed forward, their hands upon the hafts of their long knives. A hoarse voice raised the ory ' Viva la Cuba ! Viva La Costa ! Viva los Americanos !' and it echoed from man to man down all the winding street, until the listless air seemed full of the sound ; but the front rank of the Oaza dores swung their bayonets to the charge, and the mnroh went on. Steadily the line of bright bayonets and dull green uniforms pressed op be tween rows of stern faces and pitying ev-*i, past gardens filled with fragrant flowers, and booths piied high with lus cious fruit. At last in front of the Alcalde's house, where tho Spanish flag hung in drooping folds of blood and gold, a creaking mule-cart lumbered across the way, and the perspiring troops halted to let it pass. Then, with Spanish courtesy, the crowd opened up, and a woman came forward, followed by a dark-haired little girl, carrying a heavy vase of wine and a bouquet of heliotrope. As the child passed between the soldiers, a sergeant thrust hia rifle barrel in her way, but a young lieutenant put it aside with his sword, and smiled down upon her as she went fearlessly forward, and, lifting her olive-tinted face, handed La Costa the wine. The Cuban took' it from her and stood bare-headed in the fierce sunlight, a picturesque scarecrow of a man, unkempt and ragged, but with the grace of Old Castile showing in every movement. Then, after touching the vase with his lips, he passed it to Marshall, and picking the child up, kissed her on either cheek as he took the flowers from the little brown hand. 1 Pobre La Costa, pobre' Americano, dele uno tambien (give him one too),' she said, and placing her gently oh the ground again, with a ' Gracias mifla mia,' he smiled as he handed the American a spray of the scented blossom. Marshall felt his eyelids quiver, and a kind of gasping sob rose from the crowd ; but at a sharp word of command the dusty troops moved forward down the winding street. A cracked bsll began to toll, and as its harsh vibration rose on the heated air, a deep silence fell on the spectators, the jingling of arms and the tramp of heavily shod feet sounding hollow and strange. ' It is the good priests of Santa Marta ; they say the mass for our rest,' said La Costo quietly to his companion, crossing himself as he spoke. By-and by the troops swung out into the wide sunlit Plaza, where, at the head of a scanty l.attalion of Cazadores, a little stout colonel of infantry waited their coming. ' Stand the dogs there. — You have ten minutes to make ready, then you die. First you shatf'see where you lead your followers,1 was all he said in answer to Marshall's protests that he was an American citizen, and the two we re rudely thrust back. The scene was a striking one. Three double lines of Cazadores formed the sides of a hollow square, the front rank facing outwards towards the restless crowd, the rear turning inwards with rifles at the shoulder. A seething mob surged to and fro beyond. Every flat housetop swarmed with spectators, while against the white walls of the church of Santa Marta, which formed the fourth side, stood four ragged peasants with handkerchiefs bound round their eyes, whose crime might have been the de stroying of bridges or possibly the supplying of fugitives with food and shelter. Every weathered tile, and the gray house-leeks along the red roof, stood out with sharpness against the azure. The intense sunlight lit up every detail of the stained white clothing of the trembling wretches who waited their end, the lofty cross over the gable of the church throwing a black shadow upon the heated flags at their feet. 1 Curse that bell — will it never cease V laid the officer as the monotonous jarring note filled the Plaza with its vibrations, Then La Costa turned towards the crowd, --ut before he could speak, a ser geant smote him in the face with the hilt of his sword bayonet and the blood flowed from his mouth. An angry cry and a hiss broke from the mob, and they surged wildly forward, snatching out their knives, only to recoil again before the flashing line of steel as the Cazadorea bayonets oame dovru at the charge to the level of their breasts. Now the time had come, and them was no possible escape, the American felt all hesitation drop from him, and, like one in a dream, watched the troops who formed the third side of the square unfixing bayonets and bringing their rifles to the hip. Presently a low arched door opened in the wall of the church, and as the odour of incense drifted out, mingled with the sound of the organ, a priest in his vestments stepped forth from the shadowy interior and strode towards the colonel. ' Stop — in the name of the church — it is sacrilege — and thou shalt do no murder,' he said fearlessly; but the plump colonel only laughed, cruelly answering ! ' I do justice and not murder,' then turning aside disdainfully gave the order : 'Take that man away.1 Two Cazadores forced the indignant padre back, and a great hush fell on the crowd. Breathing hard, Marshall list ened to the sound of the chanting and the drone of the organ, while the harsh tones of the bell grated on his quivering nerves. Then the rifle barrels flashed in the sunlight and came home to the shoulder with a rattle — the colonel dropped his sword point, and a voice called ' Tira,' A crackle of red flame blazed out, followed by a crash of a volley as the rifle muzzles jerked upward, and a heavy wreath ol blue smoke rolled across the faces of the crowd. Marshall felt the blood stand still in his veins, and for a moment daied not turn his head., When he did so, he saw one of the peasants fallen on his knees tearing with both hands at his side. Two of his comrades lay face downwards on the hot flags, motionless heaps of tattered clothing ; and a fourth, with blood trickling from him, and his face gray like ashes, leaned back against the wall, his head slowly - drooping forward, and his limbs quiver- i ing beneath him. A howl of rage like the snarling of a ; pack of wolves, a cry of hate that boded i little good to the oppressors when their j turn came, rose from the mob, and Mar- | shall saw the stout colonel shudder as ] he listened ; but the glittering wall of 1 steel met them, turn which way they 1 would, and they stamped and fumed in - impotent fury. i The American lost his head with i horror and indignation, and in the most 1 powerful Spanish he could muster cursed i the colonel before all his men, including : 'Brutes — cold-blooded murderers of i unarmed men I A civilised nation cannot look on and see helpless peasants propped against walls and shot like wild , beasts. Wait a little, and you will hear - the roar of American guns, and see the Stars and Stripes over Havana and Matanzas !' A yell of ' Bravo Americano !' rose from the frantic mob ; but the colonel looked on unmoved. ' What does he say?' he asked a lieutenant. 'Ah, is it so. All the English are mad, and most of the Americans too.' Biting his lips, the journalist lapsed into silence, feeling that at last he could understand desperate men using dyna mite with awful effect on crowded troop trains, and when a sergeant of Cazadores gripped his shoulder, he turned upon the man so fiercely that, unarmed as he was, the soldier dropped his hand. Then the colonel pointed with his sword, and Marshall closed his eyes when he heard a hoarse voice say : 1 Two tiles forward and finish the dogs,' and in spite of his own peril he turned sick and faint as he heard' a long-drawn 1 Ah !' rise from the crowd, and the sharp clash of bayonets against the stones — he knew what it meant for he had seen such things before. Side by side the two men walked for ward at a signal from an officer, and when they turned in front of the church a sergeant came forward with cloths in his hand, but the Cuban waved him back. ' Good- bye, my friend. We have fought a good fight together — and to-day we rest side by side — it is well,' sajd La Costa, as after the manner of the Span iards he threw his arm round the Ameri can's shoulder, then took the place pointed out. With dry lips and parched throat, Marshall drew himself up and glanced at the- insurgent who stood bareheaded in the sunlight, erect and proud, holding the flowers lightly in his hand, and his eyes filled as La Costa caught his look and smiled. Then, with defiance in his gaze, he turned and faced the rifles. There was a clicking of levers, apd the empty shells rattled out upon the stones — the breach blocks closed with a clatter, and for a few moments there was a har rowing pause, while the troops waited the word to fire. Suddenly Marshall felt the blood stir madly in every pulsing artery, for above the continuous drone, of the organ a rattle of riflery rang out, somewhere behind the town, followed by a sound he knew so well, the continual ' rip rap, rip rap' of repeaters. ? Winchester rifles, thank Heaven !' he shouted aloud. ' Must be the Martinez column,'. then his voice broke off sud denly, for he remembered that in a few minutes more it would matter little to him whether the insurgent forces ar rived or not. A confused murmur rose from the crowd, which swayed to and fro like the waves of a sea ; then there was a great clattering of hoofs down' the stony street, and presently two mounted officers broke through the mob, striking right and left with the flat of their swords to clear a passage, and reined in their lathering horses by the colonel's side. A bugle-call echoed through the Plaza ; the square of green uniforms broke up and swung round, changing into a long line of fours ; and while the astonished pri soners tried to collect their scattered senses, the last files of the Cazadores swung out of the Plaza at the double, and, their footfalls growing fainter and fainter, disappeared down a narrow street. Marshall rubbed his eyes to see if he were asleep, but there was no mistaking the ceaseless rattle of the Winchester re peaters, smuggled over from the United States for the use of the rebels,, or the feeble return fire in the deeper report of the Spanish rifles. Then a great shout rose.from the crowd : ' Viva la Cuba I — Viva la revolution !' It was all so strange and sudden that now the peril was past the American felt as weak as a child, and dropped limply against the wall, hardly daring to believe his ears, and looking about with vacant eyes. A scantily-clad, sun- browned peasant woman crept softly forward, and throw ing herself down on the scorching stones, rocked to and fro over a crimson-stained face which lay still and. white upon her lap, and answered neither word nor sign to her despairing cries and bitter tears. A priest came out of the shadowy doorway, and touching her shoulder, lifted the woman gently to her feet, while a procession of dark-robed clerics carried their gijent burdens away, the crowd opening up and standing bare headed as they passed, a^nd Marshall shivered as a woman's piercing shrieks rang in his ears. Presently the distant sound of march ing feet rose from the streets beyond, drawing steadily nearer and nearer, to a running accompaniment of Vivas t and shouts of delight, until it swelled into the pleasured ' tramp, tramp' of a large battalion, mingled with the clash of steel sheaths and the jingle of arms. At last the enthusiastic mob split up, and amid bursts of cheering, the head of the Insurgent column swung into the Plaza through a rolling cloud of dust. On they cam.e, four by four, and com pany by company, swarthy, sun scorched men, ragged and tattered, powdered with dust and grimed with smoke ; line after line of broad-brimmed Panama hats, and red sashes defiling out of the narrow streets; and as the ragged companies wheeled into line across the broad Plaza the American could hardly repress a smile at the curious collection of arms. Some carried Winchester repeaters, some Spanish military rifles, others breech loading shot-guns, or single barrel muzzle loaders ; while a few had nothing but a big cavalry sabre belted round their waist. The journalist knew however that, although appearances were by no means in their favour, this same battalion had beaten the best of the Spanish troops in the open field. Meanwhile there was a pandemonium of laughing, shouting, and cheering, for, with true Spanish versatility, the feelings of the citizens had changed from horror and haired to the wildest merriment and enthusiasm. An eager crowd drove forward along the face of the line, thrust ing bunches of luscious fruit and vases of wine before them, as they struggled to be first with their gifts ; and poor peon labourers gaily invested their last centimo in copitas de catia, and only laughed when the swaying of the mob spilled the liquor from the quaint cylindrical glasses before they could reach the side of the thirsty soldiers. At last the leader, with his toes stick ing through the end of his worn-out shoes, strode forward, pushing aside the enthusiastic group who forced their gifts and attentions on' La Costa and the American, grasped their hands, saying : 4 Comrade, I salute you,' and caught the Insurgent in his arms. Afterwards the journalist was heartily glad to withdraw with him for rest and shade into the cool patio of the Alcalde's house, the worthy having been ejected with scant ceremony. That night a banquet was spread beneath the broad leaves of the bananas in the wide patio, and though there was not much to eat — there never is in the tiack of marching troops — there was abundance of wine, the splash of fountains, and the scent of jasmine and heliotrope. La Costa and the American occupied the place of honour, but amid all the wild merriment, the shrieks of the poor peasant woman, as she saw her murdered husband carried away, rang in Marshall's ears, and he shuddered at the ruddy wine, for his nerves were shaken, and the ghastly seen- in the Plaza rose up before him in all its grim details. It does so yet at times, in .the silent watches of the night. — Chambers'. 