SUBIACO MAYORALTY. MR. MURDOCH'S SPEECH. As briefly reported in yesterday's issue, Mr. Murdoch on Wednesday evening at dressed a meeting, in reply to his critics, in Wesley Hall, Subiaco. Mr. C. H. Oldham, M.L.A., presided. Mr. MURDOCK remarked that it was no fault of his that he was their mayor. His opponent had " failed to nominate." Perth and its suburbs were shaking with laughter at his opponent and his opponent's committee " failing to nominate." It was necessary, he said, to save themselves from ignominy, to climb down, and as someone had to be kicked they turned on him (the speaker) in fact they were afraid of him. His opponent was unable to face the ratepayers and explain his failure to nominate, so he got an ex-parson, a gentleman, an architect, a barrister, and a tailor to do the work for him. Dealing then with the individual speakers at the recent meeting, Mr. Murdoch described his opponent's secretary as " the learned counsel for the plaintiff." (Laughter.) Mr. Hart's committee consisted of Go members (A voice: "A hundred.") Yes, said Mr. Murdoch, " Too many cooks spoil the broth." The result was they all fell into the soup. " They failed to nominate." (Roars of laughter.) The speaker quoted from Mr. Hart's opening remarks of the previous evening, in which he stated that he did (not feel as comfortable as some of his friends on the platform. Mr. Murdoch did not doubt it, for, he said, he had an ex-parson at one end of his brief and a learned Barrister, at the other. Thus sandwiched, as it were, between the law and the Gospel he must have felt like Jonah when he was swallowed by the whale. (Renewed laughter.) It was a sign of weakness on Mr. Hart's past to try and bolster up his ghastly failure to nominate by a piece of political dodges. He had to get the assistance of six or seven speakers to throw discredit on Mr. Murdoch, who had practically been made Mayor of Subiaco by one man falling to nominate. It was a trick to gain sympathy for November, but he feared him not. He next came to Cr. Bastow, Mr. Hart's chairman Amid cries of " Give it to him Murdoch," " Lay him out," "They don't like it," the speaker said he was charged by Cr. Bastow with not being " Cute enough, and shrewd enough " to fill the position. Cuteness said the speaker, was a Yankee word, meaning sharp practice or trickery. He was glad he was not cute. In regard to shrewdness, he was a Scotch- man, and he had not forgotten to " nominate (Laughter.) Cr. Hetherington, a tailor, had said he knew that several of the councillors intended to vote for Mr. Hart. Of course he knows, said Mr. Murdoch, " He's got their measure." Mr. Whittel, who had referred to Mr. Murdoch's Shakesperian quotation, finally came in for attention. Mr. Murdoch said there was a fortune in him as the ghost in "Hamlet.'' He said when Mr. Murdoch assumed the chair he wished him joy. " Alas, poor ghost," said the speaker, " all the assumption is on the other side. They failed to nominate." 