Original Novel. THE Daughters of Eve; A Tale of the Maori War By EDWIN DOIDGE. Author of 'Father and Son;' 'The Mystery of Mervelliou,' etc. CHAPTER V.--(Continued.) Florrie sprang quickly from him, exclaim- ing as she did so, 'Mr. Ward, you really must not talk like this to me!' 'Mr. Ward,' echoed Charley with all the reproach he could put in his voice. Then he collapsed, concluding that he had not a ghost of a chance to win Florrie Campbell. For perhaps fifty yards they walked on in silence. It is a way women have to quickly relent on the appearance of unkindness. She told herself now that she had been unkind to Ward, and he was kind to her. Besides he was willing, wanting, to love her, and what woman is altogether indifferent to a man's love, even if she cannot give him her love? She did not mean to call him Charley, but he was walking much faster than when they were coming out, and wouldn't even look at her. Would she say a word to melt him? 'Charley,' (so gently, and almost repent- ingly) 'I told them that you had come with me. So people will love you too, if you go about on kindly missions.' This speech was said with such childlike simplicity and good-faith, that Ward stood for a moment and looked at Florrie, then burst into such a hearty laugh as woke the echoes of the hills; and the peach blossom of Florrie's face reddened into rose. 'You are very rude to laugh at me.' 'Dear little Florrie, if these trees had any humor in them, they would bump each other, and laugh their tops off, out of sheer merri- ment at your droll speech.' 'I fail to see anything particularly droll about it.' 'Then your bump of humor has not de- veloped like every other charming feature about you.' 'I shall begin to think you a flatterer.' 'Think and say what you like 0f me, Florrie, if you will only promise to love me a little?' 'Did love ever come by promise? Oh, Mr. Ward, I am sorry for you--but it is im- possible, and I am not thinking of marriage yet. Are you coming in?' for they had arrived at the gate of the house. 'No, thank you; perhaps I had better not come to your house again.' 'I am sure we shall be sorry if you do not. Good night.' 'Good night.' 'It is impossible,' were the words which seemed to ring in Charley Ward's ear as he wended his way home, so dejectedly that he wondered how he could have laughed along that same road a few minutes before, just as though it mattered little to him whether Florrie loved him or not; and now he told himself it mattered all the world. 