Crew Saved by a Ghost. Many strange incidents occur at sea, but none more so than ' that which befell Capt. Benneri of the brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged in tbe "West Indies trade (says an American journal). After leaving St. Thomas, her last port of call, on one voyage the vessel was steering a north - westerly course, homeward bound, beating up -under short canvas against high winds and heavy seas following in the wake of a hurricane which had traversed the tropics five or six days before. Her captain who been some hours on deck, went below at midnight after directing the first officer, who was on watch, to keep the course then. steered, and to call him in case of any. change for the worse in the weather. ; He lay down upon a sofa in the main cabin, but as the brig's bell struck twice became con- scious of tbe figure of a man, wearing a green sou'wester, standing beside him in the dim light of the cabin lamp, then he heard the words, '* Change your course to the Bou'west, captain." Captain Benner got up and went on deck, where he found that the weather had moderated, and that the brig WBB carrying more sail and making better headway. He asked the mate on duty why he had sent down to call bim, to which the officer replied that he had not done so. The captain, fancying that he had been dreaming, went back to the cabin, but he was disturbed soon again by a second visit from the man in the green' sou'wester,. who repeated his previous order, arid vanished up the companionway. The captain, now thoroughly roused, jumped up and pursued the retreating figure, .but saw no one until he met the mate on watch, who insisted that ho had not sent any messenger below. Mystified.' and perplexed Captain Bonner returned to the cabin, only to see his singular visitor reappear, to hear him repeat the order to change the coune to sou'west, with the added warning, " If you do not it will soon be too late," and to see him disappear as before. Going on deck he gave the necessary orders for the change in the ship's course to south-west. The officers of the brig were not only surprised, but also indignant, and finally determined to sieze the captain and put him in irons, when, soon after daybreak, the lookout forward re- ported some object dead ahead. As the vessel kept on it was made out to be a Bhip's boat. As it ranged abeam it WBB seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts, one of whom wore a green sou'wester. The Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and the castaways taken in. The castaways proved to be the captain and three men, the only survivors of the crew of a vessel which had gone down in the hurricane, and they had been drifting helplessly without food for five or six days. The green sou' wester was the property of the rescued captain. . A few days later when he had recovered sufficiently to be able to leave his berth, be was Bitting one day in themain cabin of the brig with Captain Benner. He suddenly asked his host if he believed in dreams. "Since I have been here," he con- tinued, "I have been thinking how familiar this cabin looks. I think that I have been here before. In the night before you picked mo up I dreamed-that I came to you here in this cabin and told'you to change your course to sou'west. The first time you took no notice of mo, and I came the second time, in vain ; but the third time you changed your course, and I woke to find your ship alongside of us." Then Captain Benner, who had noticed the resemb- lance of the speaker to his mysterious visitor, told his own story of that night. , ' ' ,: ? -'' " In the Central Hotel, Belton, Texas, live 32 women who constitute a most curious community. They are known aB the " Sanctified Sisters," and they consider themselves as forming an instructive illustration of what women can accomplish in unusual walks of life. ' The doctrine professed by them is very simple, and ¡embodies three essential principles-a life of celibacy, common property interest, and an isolated existence. None of these principles strike the' mere outsider as being particularly inviting, but the fact thatJAe society has been entirely self-supporting for. the last 19 yearB goes to show that its members have the courage of their opinions. In the early jj days the original members, all bf . whom had been brought up in affluence, "turned to" in various directions. One or two farmed small' holdings and sold the produce. Two others went in for felling... and selling' timber. Others went into service, while others again did laundry work. None of them would accept aid pf any description from man or woman-especially man. The estimated wealth of the Beet now is upward of £20,000. The income from the hotel is their principle source of revenue, but every invest- ment they have made seems to have been a profitable one, rendering tho orginisation self-supporting and en- tirely independent. No formal worship, of any kind is practised by them, though daily devotional exorcises are part of. their creed, and they are largely guided by dreams. They wear no distinctive dress. Woman's suffrage is their greatest hobby. One advantage from grinding cob and corn together to feed is that much of the mineral substance in the oom crop goes into its cob and it becomes valuable to correct acidity of the stomach. 