THE iDiiiiiit COMPLETE IN TMIS ZSSVE. .. nr.: !), . MAYNE LINDSAY. | COBTBIOHT. i BE . rondfrom . « ||fejl ran, for three or iRBRr , four milos, 1 Mj through tho Leotrio property. WAaiiSwB Iu the daytime it jls « 'S wns a wll-fro- , flueutcd roiftl for d® Sj travelling floets >i:r'rn| n - " and herds crawled along it with clouds of while dust about them, whilo tho drovers' stookwhips rang echoes from tho trees ; squatters nnd towns folk drovo by with clatter of hoofs over tho motel ; and hero a station hand nnd there a limping swagger dotted tho broud whito truck that slid into tho distu'neo. Years hoforo, tho ownor of Lectrio hud sown thick plantations of bluo gums beside the road, to slioltcr his slieop in tho cold Viotorian winters wljcn smudgy gray olouds swopt up from tho weather earner, and tho wind raced across the open pastures, bitter, "chill, and piercing ; and tho rain whipped with stinging lash into tho faces of tho boundary riders, splashing fetloak dcop in mud across tho padaocks. Tho seed grow to a belt of giant troes ; so toll that their tops seemed to almost touoh tho sky, and so thick thut, evon at noonday, thoro was always a solemn twilight in their midst, whoro tho shredding bar rattlod, and tho wheezy mirth of the laughing jackasses culled answering peals from tho silence. Tho plantations loomed ovon moro gigantio at night beeido tho ribbon-liko road, and throw long shadows uuross it from their blackness. Thoy woro not cheerful company when night had dropped upon the plains, even whon a yellow Australian moon, big and staring, had climbed into tho sky above them, to wutch tho belated wayfuror with friondly eye. And tho two men who had ridden from the far distance oat of tho Novcmbor night instinctively drew rein us they ncarcd the shadow, and let thoir horses straggle across tlio road till bridle jingled ngaiiiBt bridle, and Walmsley, stretching out his hand, could givo a friendly touoh to tho neck of Heuvi- sido's mure. "There's a desolation about thoso ondloss roads," ho raid. "It ought to bo a roliof, I supposo, after tho din of Collins street, and the bustle of inon all about one, but I don't know that it does not ropol me." . "It has it's compensations," said Heavi- 8ido. " Onco a busnmuii, always a bushnian,. as a rale. It wonld kill mo to live in Mel bourne, now." " Yos, I supposo that is the feeling that comes of hobnobbing with nature,- in season and out of season, said tho other. . . . "How blnok and forbidding those plantations are. Thoy don't look, as if they invitod your familiarity." "Thoy don't, and that's a fact," said Hcuvisiac.' "Thoy havo a way of hoing so iusolontly excluslvo that I profor to ride homo aoross tho paddocks if I'm alono. . And then — there's tho Yandurlo watorholo." "Thowhnt?". Heavisido jammed his wideawake on to his forehead, and coughed a short, embarrassed cough. Thov woro well within the sliude of the trees now, tiitd its black fringo spread ovor tlio road and tho wire fonco thut bounded it, into tho paddaak beyond. "Whoro its ragged edgo stopped cumo the white, moonlit plain, silent and shimmering, us far as oyo could soo. " Tho Ynndarlo watorholo lies in tho heart of the lust plantation,' two milos from hore," ho wild. "It's a gloomy, dosolato place; quito hidden by tho .trees, though it is not moro thun thirty yards back from tho high way. Tlio story is thut tliore are things to be seen and heard there that — uron't there, you know"; and tho light of tho cump flro to be seen flickering through tho trcos, that yot is gone wlieu you press through to it." "Ah, ghosts?" said Walmsley, lightly. Ho was a materialist boforo all things. " Unsatisfactory notion, ghosts. A murder, of course, to start with ?" "Woll, yes. A drover named Jenkins is supposed to havo stabbed his mate, ono Robert Solf, nnd thrown him into tlio water one night whon thoy woro uamping alongside it. Somo Ellington inon wero passing about midnight, and saw the red gleum of a flro through tho trees, and hoard angry voicos, nnd then u yell, and thou silence. Thoy did not think mnuh of it at tho ' timo, hut after- wards inquiries began to be innde for Self, whoso rotations iu Goelong wero anxious ubout him. Tliey traced liim out of Mulgm-y, : and lost his tracks between there und Elliug- ton j and then Jenkins was 'wanted.' As it happened, tho latter had heon working the your boforo ou u station whero I was a juokuroo— thut's seventcon years ago now — und so I wus called upon to givo his description to the police. Middle-aged man ho was then ; quiot and liioffensivo onougli to all appear- unco. Tliey novor found liim after tho huo and cry began, uud it wub aftca Solf's dis-, appoaranco that thoro onino yarns of some thing uncanny about tho Yandarlo liolo. I don't know thut thcrb is much moro to say about it, hut tho flro und voices story still' goes on, and it's a fiiot thut I liuvo seen the glint of light thoro, and liourd sounds, wlion I havo known thuc thuro wus not u living soul within Iflvo milos. ' But I novor wont in to invcstigato, and I steel- through tho paddocks on dark nights,- for company's sake." "It's ,u good story," said' Wulmsloy, thoughtfully,. "Dramutio, .too, "Would work up'wall." . v Heavisido stiffened. "That is iny oxperionoo," ho said, shortly. ('-I- don't doubt it," said Walmeloy. . " I wus only oousidoring it from tlio literary, professional point of viow. All is fish that oomes into my net, you know. It wants somotbing wore though— somo olomout of personal interest. . ." (Hie dry tono' jarred on Heavisido's mind, whorcin bush lito hud engendered a rcspeat- for tho incomprehensible not to be found in tho citybrod. He threw bnok his hoad and began to wliistip on irrelevant ditty, wliilo ; Wulmsloy, followod hiu owu train of thought in stienaa. '< Tlioy jingled on- with -oronk . of saddle and aliok of hoof, and the blaoksliudows shortened as tho moon o'ront up abuvo thoin. , Heavisido wouitd up " Tlio-Hlok Stookridor " melod iously, and brought litu oyos down from tho Btars to lot their glaueo travel into tho black ness alioud. Then ho caught at tlio reins itnd dh'eoked tho mure.' ' " Personal interest, I think you silidP" lio' queried, with tlio note of uxaitoincnt in his ' voico. " Strikes mo you've ' got 'it ' now. Look tlioro!" Ho .pointed with his- forefinger at , tho, black Willi of troos tlmt: stretched before and beyond thorn, "Wuliiislby, too, drew remand followed tlio lino beg lil by outheld nrm and hand to where it touchod the plantation, a quarter of a mile uway. " I seo a bead of light," ho said. " Ah I Thou I inn no dreamer of dreams, Tlmt light marks tlio Yandurlo watorholo." " Ignis futuuH, " said- Wulmsloy." "Think so ? Lot's rido on a bit and watch developments. I've novor Hoen It when I'vo boon hero with unothor man before, and' scepticism stimulates inquiry. Uoino oil." They urged their horsos into a trot, and Walmsioy kopt his ayes on tho light as tho distuncplessoucd. From tho merest spook of fire in tho long btaok lino it grow into a wavering, star- slnipod light, gleaming faintly and yet riiddily behind tall trunks ; tho light thut u flro gives through spauea .between thiokly planted trees. Wlien thoy stopped onco more, thirty or forty yards frojn tlio spot, tlio souroa of tlio fire, owing apparently to tho depth of tho plantation; was Invisible, but there wus tho rod fliokor'-'of 'fluinos olearly reflected on tbo straight, towering gums, ana now flashing, now sinking, boliind the under growth. /" " Not much likoawili o' the wisp, is it? " said Heavisido. g' "No, it's a camp, lire, plainly enough.. But it seems to ino it might very well . What's that P" ' " .' " There broko through the troos tho sound of voices high-pitched in anger ; one passionate man replying to another seomingly, for no words wero to bo distinguished. Then, ns ono uroso, hoarso. with rugo, into a mad bollow, it was 'checked as suddenly an if a- hand had been laid upon tho speaker's throat. Silonoo hung low for tho momont, and then thoro rasped out, half- stifled and onduring no longer thun a breath, tho screech of a man in mortal agony. Walmsley sat motionless for tho second, for that horrid ory scomcd to stop tlio blood in liis veins, and ho folt his horso winco and sliivor botyvcon his IciiecB. Lifo camo ' back with tho silence, und ho flung himself from tho stiddlo. " By — ; tho man that is playing that dovil's_ joko shall pay for it!" ho said, stumbling aoross tho road towards tho troos. Hcavtaido hud dismounted too, his lioart galloping to a mad tunc, but ho hold tho reins «f both horsos, nnd ho mudo no furthor advanco into tho night than to strido forward and clutch tho other man by tlio shoulder. "Hold hard, old man," ho said. "It's nothing more than I told you. .And hcuvon knows what is boliind thoso trees." Walmsioy wrested himsolf nwsy. ' Thou it is tiiuo I know as well," ho said. " It moans black mischief, und I am horo to boo it through." "It means tho old Ynndarlo mystery. Mnn nllvo ! That was no human voico. All tlia countrysido knows tho stony." " Bnh !" said Walmsioy. His nerves wore still jarring, and tho opposition- mnddoncd liim. " "What do I euro how. tho countrysido blethers ? I tell you there is soma devilment afoot, and if you are worth your salt you will como with mo and play tlio man's part— tlioro." And ho pointed to tho bolt of troqs, behind which still tlio firelight flickorod. It hnd novor occurred to .IIcaviBido to doubt tho prcsonco of the supernatural ; nor did it now, in faco of tbc denial of it flung thus rudely in his fnco. But tho roproncll thut wont with it had to bo wipod out, and ho throw tho reins ovor tlio nenrest foucopost, nnd stopped deliberately forward. " That last word was not iu your hnppiost voin, Wulmsloy," ho said quietly. " If you go, I am with you, of ooiu-so. Stop- not so fust. We'll go together." Thoy fell into pace, and orossed tho read sido by sido. As thoy ncurcd the trees the reflected light, which had sliono high up among tlic branches, was lost to tliom ; bat tlioro was still a glow, now visible, now disappearing whon" tho troos blocked it out as thoy moved. Thoy leapt tho ditoh beside tho' highway, crossed tho broad truak boyond It, cropped oloso by many a travolling flook orooping wearily to somo far off station, scaled tbq wire feneo that bounded it, and wero in "tho beginnings of tho plantation, thigli-doop among rank grass, and siqiling gunitroos, and driftwood lying ns tlio winter winds had blown it. Tlioro Wulmsloy paused. " Wo'll go as softly us may be," ho said. ""Wo must know who is behind tbo treos before wo take action. Cira you still seo tho light?" " Yos. I caught a glimmer tlion." " It is ont of my rnngo for tho, moment, but — nh, there it is again ! Lot us go uli'ead then, and tell mo if you soo anybody, first. I trust your bushmun's oyos better than my own." Thoro wns no word from Heavisido,; but Walmsioy saw an answering nod boforo tho noxt strido loft thorn a paeo apurt, .with tlio gloom botween. Then thoy plnngod forward abreast into tho btacknoss, to find it lightened by tho veriest Bhndow of tho moonlight ns eyes bocumo accustomed to thoir surroundings. Thoy trampled on, cautiously, for a minute. Then Walmsloy's voico muttered in Heavi sido's hearing : " tho light 1 It's gono nltogothoi- now. Do you soo anything ?" ' " Nothing. There is only darkness nhend, whereas wo ought to ho almost upon tho ashes of tlio flro. Tho watorholo cleuriug must bo right in front of us." \- " I oan seo nothing but trco trunks, and tho glimmer of tlio moon np above. Where, tho donco is that fire ?" Question not to bo answered. For, as ho spoke, his oyos lifted momentarily to tho. blooks of sky that fitted tho spuocs between tho interlnoed loaves, tho ground oruinbled under' his foot, and lie Stumbled forward, falling- fulling. The noxt "second Houvisido's hand upon liis coat collar swung him back to safety from tlio treacherous hunk of tho watorholo. "That was a narrow sliavo," said tho resouor. " A man needs to watch enoli stop ho takes, in this dai-kuoss. And now let us go. What I told you wns ti-uo enough you see,' but Lord knows what may bo behind it. There is no fire, nor any smell of a flro in the air — and this is the Yandarlo hole." Walmsley planted his feet upon firm ground and looked about hiin, stricken dumb by tho laok of natural explanation. Black, gloaming water, a pool ton foot noross, stirred ut his foot, tho ripples still moving outward from where tho foothold to which' ho had trusted had disappeared. Beyond, tho gum- trees hnng back reluctant, and loft - an open spaee whero tho hark shreds were scattered, and aoross whioh u wisp of moonlight inado a wuvoring line. A dead branch hud fallon whoro tho ground sloped to tho water, and lay half in tho mud and half in tho toiiuli of tlio wutor, gloainiuglikoaskclotou. - Nothing stirred but tho rustling burk ; thoro wus no life, no movement. And, above all, tlicro was no fire. „ " Woll, I'm — - !" said Wulmsloy, slowly. ' . ' The mystery of tho incident bewildered liiin, but touched him not d whit; - Heavisido, ou tho othor hand, had laird work to kcop a , tight rein upon his nerves, whioh ; woro. less oxuitcd by the human possibilities : of tho ory thut had roused 'Wulmsloy to nation than by the evil story of tho wfttoriiolo, and'- tlin darkness that crowded down to it, aiidsoomod so full of Btrange, vnguo' terrors. " Como away, old man," ho said. " You havo soon for yourself how it is. No iinmiin hoing could huvo trodden nut thnt fire iii tlio time wo havo taken to get through the plantation." Ho aiiivcrcd.. "Bah I' There in something devilish in the pluuo, to me. Como'hway." ' ''» "But if ;. And thou thnt shriek, Heavisidq! It iings in iny oura still." ' ' "Whoever uttered it is past our holp,", suid Hoavisido, niul ha shivered again. Tho bluok shadows among tho trcos "seemed to start a little nearer, aud tlio grcon streak of moohlight flickered and:- danced aotoss the little bloating,- to tho lip of the water; : Walmsioy -shbok his head, baffled, but still unooilviiifled; Ho Wns rooking his bruin for in. solution, and ho was in no mood to acoopt dofcat. Ho had' his own conviotion as to a hidden prcsenco in tho darkness that thronged about tliom, and ho was struining his ears to catoh a tell-talo rustlo or tho crnoklo of a fallen twig. Tlion suddonly, as they waited, ho started, shot forward his head to listen and tarnod back to Heavisido triumphantly. "So much for your ghosts! That is u mnn," ho said. Tho silenco of tho night wnB broken by a distant sound, and Heavisido know it for tlio sci-imoh of bark undor tho feet of somcono who was approaching tho furthor sido of tlio waterholo from the hack of tho plantation, forty yards away. His quick oar. told him that thoro Wero pnuscs in tho noiso that showod tho nowcomer to bo a stranger liko themBolvos, blnndoring through tho darkness with tagging, hesitating stops. Tho know ledge relieved tlio tension upon liis norves. There was nothing ghastly in the sound, und he wus reedy to declare, with Walmsioy, thut it was ainuit. " Has ho too been .attracted by tho light, or is it our practical "jokor returning to tho scouoofhis exploit?" meditated Walmsioy, half-uloud. Aud thou he paused, for tlio Voico of tlio unknown broko from behind tho trees in a quavering appeal. "Robbie! Robbie Self! Show a flare to toll mo where you bo ! It's mortal dark." . Heavisido's fears started up onco mure. "Thonumoi! Do you hear tho numo?" ho said, and caught his friond by tho arm. "Ho is calling the dead drover." Walmsley shrunk back a littlo into' tho gloom. "It's part of tho game, no doubt," , ho said.- " And now lookors-on muy see tho best of it. Only — wait. Ab, bo's nearer now ! Tho voico cumo again, und tliA seruuoh of tho undorgrowth grow.loador. ' " I Hwenr ' to you I ho u-coming, Robbio. For tho dear Lord's sake, show a fluro !" There was the noto of pitiful entreaty in tho uppoul. In tho hush thnt followed tho listeners could hoar tho laboured breathing of somcono forcing his way painfully towards the wutur. Then tho hluck wall of shadow beyond it gaped suddonly, and a man stumbled into tho alearing, with tho moon beams dancing down upon his fnco. Ho was an old man, bent and ragged, and tbo iingor of moonlight pointed out to thorn ii thin sunkon face und struggling board under n buttered wideuwaka. Once in tlio clearing ho stopped, swaying liko n drunken man, and looked about liim, searching tho twilight with his hand ovor his oyos, liko a man un certain of his sight. Tlion ho muttered to himself, and tho inon heyuud tho watorholo strained their ears to hoar him. "Ho canna huvo gono away! Robbio wouldna play. tho. old man false, after tho woary miles, nnd calling, balling, calling, a' tho way." He raised liis voico again. Ye may hear mo now Robbie Solf, for I'vo como out from the liovcr-nevor to do your bidding. And — I'm — tired." Tho, voico whimpered liko a fretful oliild's. . Walmsloy's whisper qame to Hoavisido. "You know tho story. Can you got tho' drift of this?" But Hoavisido bad stopped forward with an unoxpeoted movement. Ho wns standing uttfio edge of tho water, and ho lifted up liis voioo and spoke to the tottering figure beyond. " It is tho bidding of God tlmt has brought you horo to-night, Rako Jonkins; Robert flelf will not answer you ; no, not though you culled to him: with your last breath. . But you were not brought hero without purpose, ' uud you know in your heart what thut purpose is." ' Wulmsloy had started as tho voico rang out, but tho accont of cortninty in tho tono told of Houvisido's confidence in his sudden action, nnd lio waited, broatliloss. Tlio figure of tho old man straightened itself momentarily, but ho answorcd without sign of hesitation or surpriso. " Ay, uy ! I know the purposo, hut 'twas Robbio's uin voico that brought mo hore. And thoro would ho thom that would bo l-eudyto hear, to toll it to — I kenned thiit. Do yo como owor to mo, sirs, for I am an old 'mini to liavo como a' .tho weary inilos, und thoro is not strength for uuothcr stop loft iu mo." "', - - - Houvisido's rosponso was to crash through tho- undorgrowth eneiroling tho watorholo, und Wulmsloy,' following atliiB liools, found himself brought to a standstill iu the littlo clearing. His friend was kneeling on tho ground with tlio' old man's huud upon his knee, and a hatful of water in Ilia hand. . Tho recumbent figure lay vory still, but tho oyos moved und somo words struggled out from tho foolilo lips. " But — I didna— think — 'twould bo ye, Mr. Heavisido." "My God, look at his foot!" said Wulm sloy. "Ho must have walked tho breadth of Australia." Heavisido gavo ono look, and averted his oyos. It was not a pleasant sight. Tlion lio said : , t "Tho man is dying of exhaustion. Can wo move him, do you think?" Wulmsloy would have iinswored, hut tho old man had turned his head at tbo sugges tion, and ho mudo a; futilo effort to struggle into a sitting posture. "You will ua movo me, sirs. I was hidden to speak here, aud 'tis hore I must suy it. I'vo not many words left, I'm thinking, and yo hnd better hearken- whilo. yo may." k His oyos sought theirs. . Heavisido folt the clammy forehead, and nodded in reply. Thu moou find olimbod high up into tho sky now, 'und shone down fully. , It aliowod tho dying fucoas clearly us might havo dono tho day light, Und it chased baok tho weird night shadows from tho little group. Tho wator holo luy still in darkness, with only tlio taint gleam of refleotcd light upon its surtauo. " It was- when wo enmpod hore, droving JroBOn's shoop from tho north. I dinna ltiimi now how tho talk oamo round to her, but Robbio was always ono for tho woinou. Ho didna ken — I grant yo ho didna ken' sho was handfastod to 1110, and when hor name rati off .his tongue . I gavo him tho lio in his tooth. . '. But I canna doubt it. was tlio trno word, for I was novor tlio'iuiin to- tako a young . tassio's fquoy, and ho hud but to lift his littlo ' fingor to tliom — young and old uliko. . . j But I lovod her— cob, sirs, I' loved licr purely. And so might any inuti. -. .- . -But it roused me, for lio laughed wi' it. . . . , . Ho had ulways a loose manner of spocoh, had Robbie — I do not say' to you ho hnd served tho lasslo ill. And I gavo him: tho lio in his: teoth, and he struuk tlio word back upon my mouth. . . . It wnana for myself , that tho blood wont .to my head.: . . ; I should ha'- known I was not a mini' for any lassioV fancy. ... It wiui tho; laugh that wont wl' it. ' Tho knifo wus ready to my hand— and I sent It homo. : . . . , . Ho foil down . sidoways, and ho sorccohcd, . . . . lio sorooohod." ' Ho stopped, and his oyos nlosod for h: moment. Hoavisido wipod tlio damp foro-' head again, and prosontly tho voido wont u'li,, "Then ho died; though I would ha' givoii dear lifo itsolf to bring him back. I dragged liim to 'the ; watorholo. . . thoro- wns 11 big stouo: that' curried hint down. ; . . Aftor I had dono'it I.oricd to him, but ho- wouldtia answer, mo. V . - . I ; drove tlio ohoqp on, though it wns sonrco pnBt'ihldnight, ' on— oil— till thoy dropped; : 'Tlio othor mini: took tliom ovor, and lio looked queorly ut ino' — I mustjia' boon half. mud bython. That soured ni'oj and I humped my ,swug uud went out buck— out buok, .1 would ha'- looked upon hor at .Kooyong' Koot, but sho was gojiieV . .., , I was. iiovor tho man for " But tho coming baok ?" said Walmsioy, ' ongorly. Tlio . journalist's inBtinot did iiot duBortliim. ' . TJio'old man's head had droppod very' -low, : hut tho voico fiiekored up iigain at tho query.; , "I had- waited always for, his bidding, and at last ho aallcd— and I oamo . . . .. calling— qullhig . . . a' tho way," Tlion tho lifo flashed bnok for tho momont, and lie raised himsolf upon 0110 elbow, and his. voioo rang out into tho darkness. "I liu' oomo baok, Robbio t I ha' ooino buok I You need na' call so loud !" And so tho Btory of tho Yandarlo watorholo fouud its way to listening curs. But Wulmsloy wqp not oontout. Ho stood buck whilo Heavisido laid tho poor travol-Htuinod body decently upon tlio ground and covored it for tho fow hours that meant tlio ride out and bnok to tho township, and ho stared long at tho stUl, gleaming water, and tlio silout night. ; tVhat did it all mean? - The plantation stirred with tho, whispering of tho shredding bark, tho loafy rustlo whoro a littlo breezo was moving aorosR tho troo tops, tho occusiona! souiHo of a liiddon rabbit. Tho moonlight shimidcted horo and thoro, among tho trees, hut it showod only thoir straight tower ing oolumiip, and tho light undergrowth nronnd tliom. Tlio fresh night nir, heavy With tho Binoil Of eucalyptus, filled Ids nostrils nnd touolicd his bared lioad with caressing fingers. But still, with tlio greater mystoi-ios of life and dentil ubout him, his brain clamoured for u solution to thut strange first incident. " Ho has not oxplained— tho roflt ! And Hoavisido, what iinpulso mudo you stand ont ind.apeak ? " ... " I dd not know," said Hoavisido, slowly. "What uindo tho sight and sounds thut brought ns horo ? " And Wulmsloy found no answer to tho question. . . 