AS A MA2T LIVES. By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, Author • of "False Evidence," &c.;, CHAPTER VII. FritJ&jr; p&esed; without any sign of my father's retiirn,*and when on Saturday morning we found up letter from him upon the breakfast table the vague disquiet of the day before assumed a definite shape. Wo looked into one another's faces, and we were seriously alarmed. . . . ".We shall be sure to hear from him in an hour or'two," Alios said, holding her cup to her lips with" shakinp hands. " He must have missed ihe post; we shall have a telegram." "I hope' so, 53 1 answered fervently. " Nothing ean b»v« happened to him, of course. It is absnjd "to'feel nervous, but it is too bad of him'; he ought to .have written. However busy he is . lie; could have found a minute or two. 1 ' "I will never let him go away again without leaving QB an-address of some sort," Alioe declared. " Np doubt he will telegraph soon ; stall one], cannot help feeling uneasy." 'But "no telegram arrived. 'Luncheon-time came and passed without a word. The afternbon. dragged onr The last train from London was due -at the nearest railway station, three miles away, at "Six o'clock; at eight o'clock he had not -returned.' More than an hour ago a fly with luggage from the train had passed our gate and gone on to the Yellow House. Alice was as whiter as a sheet, and commenced to cry Boftlv to herself^ . "There's a service to-morrow morning, ana no one to-help," she moaned. "He must be very ill. What had we better do, Kate?" ' Do! How was Ito know? Action of any sort would have been a relief, but it was like groping- in the dark. He had left no address to which we- oould write, and so far as we knew he did not belong to any olub, nor had he any'friends in London. There was no means of tracing, him, not a clue as tp the nature of the business which had called him so suddenly to town. Even granted that he had gone tojsee Mr. Berdenstein, to meet him on his-arrival in'London, it was hopeless to try and imagine where he might be prosecuting'his fearch. Mr. Berdenstein had denied that he had met him. Without a doubt he would deny*ft again if I wont to him. As he had told me plainly that we were on opposite sides, to look for help from him was utterly-futile. We girls were helpless. Alices whose instinots were largely conventional, wae feeling chiefly the scandal which must accruwhan Kb place'ia the pulpit to-morrow remained" empty.and service had to be abandoned. .* For - my part my anxieties were deeper.- Chance'had placed in my hands the threads of a mystery whose enravelment was threatened-with terrible possibilities, l oould not teU-what the end of it might bo. I scarcely dared to let my mind dwell upon it at all. I concentrated my thoughts upon the presentdileinma.. The first thing to be done was to -find-mv father. There was only one possible shadow'of a clue as to his whereabouts." One man knew the secret of that letter which had called him up to London. To that man, I resolved that I would go. But as dusk came on and I was preparing to start for the Court I saw his tall figure crossing the park towards the Yellow House. I did not ^hesitate then anymore. To see him tbere would »b easier than to confront him alone st .the Court. T threw a cloak over my shoulders and. .went bareheaded down the drive. The thing which I was proposing to mvself: to' do was' simple enough in effect, althoiigh-with -my overwrought nerves it presented"" itself to me at the time as a somewhat formidable undertaking. I was going to con front them together—I was going to pray for their -help. . I walked • swiftly across the park and through the'plantation to the Yellow House, and after pausing for a moment to regain my breath I tang: the bell. There was no immediate answer,.and save that I could see through a- chink- in the drawn curtains a rose-shaded' lamp burning in the drawingrOom I .should have feared after all Adelaide Fortress l»d_ not returned; but in a few moments the trim little maid-servant opened .the 'dooreletting out a-flood of light. Slie started with surprise to see me standing there, lookipg no'doubt a little ghost-like with my-whites, anxious face and uncovered head. * * J want ,to speak to Mis. Fortress," I said "issbeinr.' . •' ; ' ; The. girl hesitated," but_I took her asBent for granted and -stepped into the halL She moved towards the' drawing- room door. I kept close -by her-aide, and when she opened is I" crossed the threshold. • Bruce Deville was there sitting in a low chair. To My surprise he was wearing evening dress; and.he bad a.book in his hand, from which he appeared to have been reading aloud. At my entrance he rose to his feet at once with a : little exclamation of surprise. Adelaide Fortress, whose back had been tuqnedL fo the door,"turned sharply round ; 3hej too, rose to her feet. A swift look passed .between them which did not oscape ihe. "Miss Ffolliot she exclaimed. "Why, is anything the matter?" The little maid had retreated and closed, the door. I advanced a few stepB further: into the room. _ Somehow I became dimly conscious that their attitude towards me or my mission, if they had surmised "its .purpose, was in a certain sense hostile. I-looked into the woman's eyes and I was perplexed; something had come between us. t Perhaps it was my father's stern words to her—gerhaps it was some shadow from those former "days concerning which they certainly had~epme common knowledge; but from .whatever cause it arose there was certainly a * change. The frank sympathy which deemed to have sprung up between us .on that- ".delightful afternoon was altogether a -thing of the past/almost as though it had "never "been. She faced me coldly with indrawn' lips and unfriendly face._ I was confused arid perplexed ; yet even in that same moment a thought flashed in upon me—^she was wearing a mask! For some reason or other, she was putting away her friendliness. Surely it-was the memory of my father's words. " ' ' ".It was". Mr; Deville I wanted to see," I said, ."I-saw"him cross the park on his way here, so. I followed. I am in trouble. X wanted-to ask him a question." He stood leaning against the broad mantelpiece, his brows contracted, his face cold and forbidding. " I am afraid that I cannot help you; Miss Ffolliot," he' said ;""I cannot conceive any way in which I could be of service to you, I am afraid." -.>•'-->-•'•• ".You can help me if you will by answering aiingle question,"I interrupted. "You dropped a letter from your pocket on Wednesday morning, and I returned it to you.- Tell me whose handwriting it was!" There, was a little crash upon the floor and the sound ot a half-uttered exclamation. Adelaide Fortress had dropped a small china ornament with yhieh she had been playing.. She did not even glance towards the pieces at her feet. She was-bending slightly towards me, her . lips half parted, her cheeks pale. Her appearance fascinated me. . I forgot Mr. Deville altogether until the sound of his clear, deep voice broke the silence. "I had several letters in my pocket, Miss Ffolliot,";he said'slowly. "I am not sure that T.remembr which one it was that you were good enouch to restore to me. In any case, how are, you interested in the writer of any of them? What has it to do with your present trouble, whatever that may be?" "I will tell yon," I answered readily. "On Tuesday morning my father received a letter, and whatever its - contents were they summoned him to London. He was /to have returned yesterday. He did not come, and he sent no message. All to- day we have had no word from him." The last train from London to-night is in and he has not come. We do not know where ho is or what has become of hitn.' .There are the services to-morrow, and no one to take them. He must be ill or in trpuble of some sort, or he would have returned, that is-certain: It has made us terribly anxious." "1 am very sorry to hear this, Miss Ffolliot," he said. "If I could help you I would be glad, bat" J. am afraid I do not quite see exactly-—" ". I raised my eyes to his and looked him in the face.' The words seemed to die away upon "his lips; he was not actor enough for his part. "I will jtell you why I came to you for help, Mr.-*-'Deville," I exclaimed. "The handwriting 'upon the letter which you dropped itfas' the same handwriting which summoned my father to London." Then, for the first time, some glimmering of the mystery in whioh these persons and my father were alike concerned dawned upon me. The man and the woman looked at one another..- Bruce Deville walked over to the window without answerintr or addressing me. I had. indeed/ asked no direct question, yet they knew what I wanted. It was the whole truth which I desired. • I stamped' my- foot upon the floor. Did they knojv what my sufferings were—those two persons, with their pale, puzzled faces and cold words? I felt myself, growing angry. " •« Answer me !" I cried. " Who wrote vou that letter?" Still neither the man nor the woman spoke. Their silence maddened mo. I forgot my promise to-the man at Naselton Hall; I foreot everything except" my desire to sting them out of that merciless, unsympathetic silence. So'I cried out to'-them— \- " I will teH you who wrote it—it was a man from'Sonth America, and his name is Berdenstein^ -He is at Naselton Hall. I will go to him ; perhaps -he-will tell me what you will not." ... ....-'. The man stepped forward with outstretched hand H»b facte was dark with passionate anger almost" I thought he would have •struck me; but the woman's was pale as death, and-a drop of red blood marked the tflace wbere her teeth met her under hp. Then I saw that the man had known but the woman had not. "If you know so much," he said, brutally, "you had better goto him and discover the rest! You will find him very sympathetic; without a doubt he will help you." "No-no!" The woman's negative rang out with a sudden sharp and crisp distinctness. She rose and came over to my side. She laid her hands softly upon my shoulders. Her face amazed me, it was so full o£ sympathy and yet so sorrowfuL She, too, had received a blow, " Child," Bhe said softly, " you must not be impatient. I believe that your father is well —I believe that somehow or other he will contrive to be here in time to take up his duties to-morrow. We could not tell you, either Mr. Deville or I. where he is : but we know, perhaps, a little more than you do. He is in London somewhere seeking for that parson whom you have just mentioned. He will not find him, but lie will not give up searching for him tilt the last moment. But, child, whatever yoa do, avoid that man Berdenstein like a pestiienfce. Your father and he are bitter and terrible enemies. Do not dream of going to him. Do not let your father know that he is near. If fate must have it so they will meet; but God forbid!—but God forbid!" "Who is he then—this man, this Berdenstein?" I asked her.under my breath. Her words bad had a powerful effect upon me. She was terribly in earnest. I knew that she was speaking for my good. I trusted her—I could not help it. She shook her head ; her eyes were full 01 horror. "It is not for me to tell you, child. It is one of those things which God forbid that you may ever know!" Then there was a silence between us. After all this mystery whose shadows seemed to surround me was like a far-away thing. My present trouble weighed heaviest upon me ; the other was vague even though it was terrible. My father's disappearance was a real and terrible calamity staring me in the face. It engrossed all my thougnts. They would tell me nothing those two. I dared not go to Berdenstein;.already I was afraid of him. I remembered his stmlo when I spoke of my father and I shuddered. ' Supposing they had met!—supposing they had come together face to face in some lonely house! Perhaps his letter had been a decoy. The man's face, with its cruel mouth and sardonic smile, suddenly loomed large in my memory. I sprang to my feet with a cry of fear; I was terrified with my own thoughts. Bruce Deville came over to me, aud I found him studying my face with a new expression the meaning of which I could not-fathom. "jlf you will come to the window, Miss Ffolliot," he said, "I tbink you will 6ee something which will relieve some part of your anxiety at any rate." I hastened eagerly to his side. Only a few yards away, walking steadily in the middle of the hard, white road, was a figure in sombre black. His shoulders were bent and his pale face downcast. His whole appearance was that of a weary and dejected wanderer. These things I realized more completely afterwards ; tor the present a sense of almost intolerable relief drowned every other motion. It was my father—he had returned! I should have rushed out to him, but Bruce Deville laid his hand very softly upon my shoulder. I could not bare believed that any touch of hi6 could be so gentle. " I wish you would take my advice, Miss Ffolliot," he said. "Take the path through the plantation home, and don't let your father see you leaving here. It would be better, wonld it not, Adelaide?" he added. She looked at inc. "Yes, it would be better," she said. "Do you mind ? You will be at home as soon as he is." I could not but admit that the advice was ood, bearing in mind my father's words when f e found me there only a few days before; yet it galled me that it should "have been offered. What was this secret shared between these three of which I was ignorant? I declared to myself that I would know as soon as my father and I were alone together. I would insist upon all these things being made clear to me. I would bear it no longer —I was resolved on that; but in the meantime I was helplese. "Very well," I answered. "Perhaps you are right; I will go by the footpath." I left the room abruptly. Mr. Deville opened the front door for me, and hesitated ; with his cap in his" hand. I waved him away. "I -will go alone," I said; "it is quite light."- • ." As you will," he answered shortly. "Good-night." He turned on his heel and re- entered the room. I crossed the road with soft footsteps. At the oponing of the plantation I paused. My father was in the road below, walking wearily and leaning on his stick. At my sudden standstill a -twig beneath my feet snapped short. A sudden change seemed to transform his face. He stopped short, and turned round with the swift, eager movement of a young man. His hand fumoled for a moment in Ae pocket of his long clerical coat, and reappeared clutching something which flashed like steel in the dull light. He held it at arm's lenfrtb, looking eagerly around, peering forward in my direction, but unable to see me owing to the dark shadows of the trees beneath which I stood; but I, on the other hand, could see his every movement. In the half light his figure stood out in such marvellous distinctness against the white road and the low grey line of sky beyond. I coulu see him, and I could see what it was he carried in his hand—it was a small, shining revolver ! Ho stood quite still, like a man expecting a sudden attack. When none came and the stillness remained unbroken the strange, eager light died slowly out of his face. He appeared rather disappointed than relieved. Reluctantly ha turned around, aud with the revolver still in his hand but hidden beneath the skirts of his coat made his way up the white hill towards the vicarage.. He must have walked quickly, for although I hurried •and my way back was the shorter ho was already at our gate when I emerged from the plantation. As he stooped to adjust the fastening I heard him groan, and bending forward I caught a glimpse of his faoo. I must have oried out, only my lips seemed palsied as though I were a sleeping figure in some terrible nightmare. His face was like the face •of a dead man: he seemed to have aged by at least a dozen years. As ho hastened up"the little drive his walk, usually so digmSed and elastic, became a shamble. It seemed to me that this was but the wreck of the man who had left us only a few days before. (To be continued to-morrow.) 