GALLERY NOTES. PARLIAMENT HOUSE, Friday (By ODR SPECIAL BEPOUTEB ) Nothing could be more revolting or further frcm what it should be than the state of things disclosed in Mr Vosper's speech on Wednesday night concerning the working of inquired the penal system 8 nZ in vogue in this colony, and the wording of the resolution was such as to permit the thorough ransacking of every place of detention in the colony to unearth any evils therein existing, and to bundle them together with those responsible for their animation ce"k and crop into the outer darkn< ss of ignominy. Had it been carried in its original form the chances are that when the labors of the commission ended their report would have vied with that of the Mining Commit sion. for length, breadth, and thickness. Mr Moran's plan for avoiding this wis to give commissioners a shilling a day remuneration, but as some hon members have a strong desire to be appointed on the commission, and are on the lookout for ' pickings,' they frowned upon the member for East Coolgardie and said,' No, that will not do at all,'and being not desirous of spoiling a good thing, Mr Moran took the hint, and lapsed into silence. From the outset, Mr lllingworth appeared disgusted with the motion, and during the course of t he debate he was to be seen busily engaged figuring out how much it will cost the country in hard cash to erect, what he terms, a penal system whitewashing machine. Mr Vosper rose to make an attack on gaoling as it is in Western Australia, to the accompaniment of a terrific clap of thunder of almost sufficient strength to rend the chamber in twain The noise of this celestial blunderbuss haviDg subsided, the first chapter of his lamentations began. Throughout, his remarks were liberally flavored with spicey inveotive, and proved appreciable to those fond of cayenne in their oratorical curry. His principal indictments were framed against the Fremantle gaol, which, for bideousness and cruelty, the apalling visions of the galleys, the mines of Siberia and the torture chamber of the Inquisition weie not comparable. The fearful and harrowing scenes of prison life at Fremantle which he depicted, almost brought tears to the eyes of his listeners, many of whom were overcome and retired to get a stimulant and do a bit of weeping on their own outside. It was not tbe officials he attacked, but the system, and be took occasion to frequently assure the House that he was not actuated by maudlin sentiment nor a desire to shield criminals from the consequences of their misdeeds. He strongly objected to flogging, and had a lot +9 say about the cruelty thereof. Another flagitious abuse practised at Fremantle gaol was the loading of some of the inmates with leg-irons and putting them in a paiticularly hideous garb, in which yellow and black predominated. This discipline was essentially brutal and savage, and he reprobated and censured such practices. He contended th»t in the interests of other boarders at the gaol freshmen thould undergo a thorough cleansing and inspection before being permitted to mix with the others. •They are given a bath,' said the Premier. 'Oh, wash him well, and cut his hair,' chipped in Mr Simpson. 'Perhaps they wouldn't mind a brandy and eoda on entering,' chimed in Brother A lick. Mr Vosper, prcceeding, said the cookery at Fremantle W,B a deception, and the quality of the food coald be struck off in two words, •absolutely rotten.' This latter remark aroused tbe indignation of Mr Bubble, who is one of the visitiDg justices. 'You don't know anything about it,'remarked that gentleman. The mover gave him an irate look which should have been photographed as a curiosity for the local museum. Then, like a matador who takes hiB last stare at a disabled bull. Mr Vosper continued his speech only again to have his ire aroused by tbe Premier remarking that the prison was a home for criminals. • It is very eaBy to refer to a prison as a home if you hBve never been there,' retorted the man from Kanowna. Favoritism of the most glaring acd flagrant nature, Mr Vosper declared, was rampant within tbe walls of Fremantle prison. In this college of crime a clique of gaol-bircis had formed themselves into a select club and dined sumptuously daily on luxuries in the guard-room. This, he inferred, was born of a vile conspiracy existing between the aforesaid gastronomical clique and a band of thieving contractors, It being implied that the former were daily made - the • recipients " " ' of ' legs ' of *— pork, 1 chickens jellies, and kindred dainties in consideration of their effecting a saving and a profit for the contractors by stinting the f L od supplies of the otl.er prisoners and supplying them with inferior stuff. For a time the fount of inspiration appeared to have become dried up, tlen the mind of the hon member received a fresh infusion of ideas, and he forthwith proceeded to make a warm attack on tbe sanitary conditions of the gaol. Tbe only disinfectant used was whitewash. The cells in size and cubic air space compared unfavorably with the black hole of Calcutta Bummed up, they were intolerable vault?, and in order to prevent prisoners becoming infected with diFease they were a'lowed to smoke, which said breach of pr son discipline was winked at by the officials Mr Vesper next made the water supply a target to aim his poisoned arrows of criticism at. This was contaminated by bad drainage, and as the reeults of various unsanitary conditions of the building tbe water found its way into the prison wells from which it was pumped into tue town reservoir, thereby infecting the water supply of Fremantle. After telling the House that \- - - „ d „ connected there. he wound up by suggesting in so many words that there be engrafted into the penal system something that would tend to bring about the introducti n into the gaols of the colony the ideal state of EL'ht hours' work, Eight hours' play, Eight houro' sleep, Eight bob a day. During the courKe of the debate which followed an incident arose which was responsible for the unearthing of another of the Premier's estimable qualities. Mr Kenny unfolded a little tale of woe. In the days of yore a certain prisoner, deeply steeped in iniquity, was brought before the Acting- Comptroller-General. His legs were heavily ironed, and he was in chains. His appearance savored of a devil incarnate, and his reputation was but one remove from that enjoyed by Old Man Lucifer. Tbe Comp tro ler questioned the convict and said, ' My man, what you want is a friend.' The member ior Norih Murchison told in toneB dramatic how the Acting-Comptroller-General ordered the irons and chains to be struck off, and that he should have civilian dress. This was done, and the convict gave the gaol officials no fuither trouble. When he had served his time he got employment, and not only became a respectable citizen, but an important Civil servant. In leply to Mr Simpson's query'as to who was that Comptroller, Mr Kenny said in those days be was known as plain ' John ForreBt' The applause that followed powerfully bespoke the unwavering and high esteem in wbii h the Premier 4s held by members of both tides of tbe House. With becoming modesty Sir John admitted that there was some truth in Mr Kenny's pretty little story, but the circumstances as detailed by that memter were not quite accurate. He confess d to letting off with a caution the convict referred to. but he was neither in chains nor irons. Hon members accepted ' he narrative as amended, and consoled themselves with tbe fact that the will responsible for the big-BOuled act of kindness mentioned wi-s capable of doing evrn greater and more cbaiitable deerls. The Premier devoted most of his speech to refuting some of the principal allegations made by Mr Vosper in the course of his speech. He admitted that there was room for improvement in the present system, but could not believe that tbe state of things as depicted by the mover of tbe motion did exist. He humorously twitted Mr Vosper with being made the recipient of fairy tales in the shape of sensational matter for publication in his newspaper, contained in letters sent bim surreptitiously by certain prisoners at Fremantie gaol. ' Why,' said Sir John, ' the best way for a paper who hasn't any standing to get a circulation is to abuse and insult respectable people.' He did net believe in such nefarious tactic?. ' What about those organs that support the Government.' chimed in Mr Simpson. '•Oh, their policy is a just one, and they are too honorable to stoop to that species of snake edition Only the Opposition papers do that,' remarked the Premier by way of a parting shot 1 rawing on his own experiences as head of the Penal Department, he related the circumstances surrounding a visit which he paid to the Fremantle Gaol one Christmas Day. On that occasion the prisoners played cricket, sang comic songs, went thr< ugh the fiist set of quadrilles, danced all the known styles of the can can, and altogether appeared ts contented and happy bsthe immortalised cat in the tripe depot, and as the newspapers say, 'highly delighted with their afternoon's entertainment.' He had never seen any of the fearful things to reflect upon that the member for North-East Coolgardie had said so much about in his ppeech, neither had he seen any prisoners so low spirited and discontented as to envy the flies that flew in and out the bars of the cells just as they pleased without asking of anybody, He terminated his speech by moving an amendment which practically limited the scope of the commission inquiry to the Fremantle and Bottnest prisons. This was agreed to by the mover and adopted by the House. Thursday's Bitting was devoted to tbe consideration of the Education Bill in Committee, and tbe whole of the afternoon and evening was monopolised by a humorous and at times somewhat acrimonious debate on dogmas, secular and religious. Members seen ed eager for the fray and vied with each other in quoting Scripture by the yard. Tbe atmosphere became surcharged with sanctity, everyone became inoculated with the germs of his own particular brand of creed until finally a state of pious frenzy prevailed such as never was seen since the days of the Cru- Mr IlLingworth. who is an adherent of one of the methody' persuasions, started the discussion by soliciting.a definition of 'secular instruction' as including general religious teaching, but mot sectarian theology. With the sharpness of a fly which dropB plumb upon the best piece of meat in tbe middle of a kitchen, the member for Cential Murchison swooped down upon the clause containing the aforementioned offensive extract , which he seemed frantically eager to tear to shreds—' Dogmat ic theology.' He could not be peisuaded to bwallow, or even nibble, at such a violation of religion. It was enough to make Beelzebub laueh until tae foundations of hell were looFened. Further, and this is what riled him the most, it was calculated to provoke John Wesley's ghost to such a degree as to force him to pour forth a stream of objurgations and heave anathemas at the heads of those wicked creatures responsible for its inclusion in the provisions of the hill. He had too mnch respect for religion to permit such li be* ties as this to be taken with it. Not „„„ even the Minister's m.mww:i. o ex- <=.».- pknation7that only simpleTu^tToM'woutd be asked the children, such as'Where did you nomefrom?'and'Where will you go to?' satisfied the member for Central Murchison, who demanded the excision of the clause f rom the bill. ' Mr Vosper, with much glibneBS, gave the House a sermon on the difference in beliefs regarding the future state. One section, for instance, had a half-way station and erected Turkish baths there for cleansing the souls of the faithful ulSftil they had attained that degree of purity commonly known as 'whiter than snow ' when they received their passport, and were headtd straight for Paradise. The>e were others who went nap on the belief that a man remained dead till the Day of Judgment, when he had to arise and take his gruel according to his works. Some got fire, some brimstone, and those more tortunate were provided with reserved seats and given crowns and harps to amuse them- MfSS FLOSSIE BARRETT, A Melbourne Danseuse. selves with The definition in the bill was 'A delusion, A pitfall, and a snare.' He gave instance 6 of Roman Catholics refusing to be sworn on tbe Bib'e in a court of law. 1 Because it's too dirty,' chipped in Mr Moran. He avsrred thit the teaching of gene'al religious principles wa« an impossibility, as dogma was iaevitab'e in all religious teaching. but that general mora) principles could not be taught. He couli not understand how it was whenever defects in the bill were pointed nut, the Minister said— ' Oh, it worked well ia the o'd Act.' Mr George thought thai nothing more out of accordance with the spirit of Gospel teaching could be imagined than tbe clause in dispute. He opposed its inclusion in the bill. The member for' the Murray has natural aversion for the canting variety of psalm-si gers. He always demands spot cash when he does any bus'ness with them. He believed that people could be as good Christians as Christ himself without going to chnrch. After BO me further discussion, the clause was struck out. A number of other clauses which worked well in the old Act' were taken 4 excep'ion to by Mr Vosper, who, in reply to a remark made by Mr Lefroy, that be wanted ti upheave and uproot everything, said ihit he declined to be guide i by'he fact that the same provisions were incorporated in the old Act, or tb» laws of th° Medes or Persians or those of Nebuchadnezzar. ' I don't want members to quote from Acts passed by Pontius Pilate ' ' You quole from au hnri-ips.' ea d ' the Minister for Mines in tones of humility. f 'Yes,' retorted Mr Vosper, 'but I don't unearth authorities from the sepulchre of dead and gone legislation.' He reminded the House tha> this was a secular bill, although they were poing to crea'e religious animosity over it. Mr James, who for some time bad been devouring the contents of the bill just as if such contained a distinct message of salvation, suddenly discovered that a clause permitting the reprehensible practice if plumping at school boar I elections had crept into tbe bill. A heated discussion ensued, into which much, warmth was infused by Mr Moran and others. The Premier could not understand why such a lo^of noise was being made over such a small matter. He could not see much in the argament on either side. If it were desired & number of candidates could be nominated with tbe object of giving votes for some who had no hope of being elected, and thus strengthen the chances of those who had. 4 Ah, but that does not always come off,' said Mr Moran. ' It did herein the election for Feieral delegates,' was the rejoinder. 4 The first chapter of Revelations,' remarked Mr Vosper 4 la thit how you did it,' queried Mr Simpson ? 4 We'll know better next time'. This from Mr lllingworth. Further banter was indatged in ad libitum and ultimately the amendment of Mr James, that voting should be for not less than the number ti be elected, was agreed to. Things 'then went along nicely until Mr Moran put his finger on a seeming injustice, and inti- mated that hiB obj ct was murder. He nnved to strikeout wor s in a certain clause which threw upon parents J the onus of objecting to their children receiving religious instruction, 4 I'm out for the night, and I'll stop here till rvesickened everyb>dy,' was the text of Mr Moran's ultimatum to the House. With the object of preventing any epidemic of nausea being brought about, Mr Leake directed the Speaker's attention to the state of the House The bells were rune, but as no quorum entered an appearance, it was considered a fair thins, and the Houss was left to the rats and mosquitoes to have their fling until Tuesday. 