? "WITHOUT sufficient reason tlio outfields havo charged Coolgardie with being apathetic and dilatory in entering Us protests against tlie ill-advised and uncalled-for action of Mr Wittcmoni in amending one of the regulations in connection with the Mining Act. The protest of this centre through the pres« waB prompt and emphatic, and certainly was not without effect, as was evidenced by the explanatory and semi-apologetio telegram sent by the Minister very shortly after the wires conveying the attitude of the fields had reached liirn. In matters of grave moment hastyaction is not always judicious, and us much may be gained by huirying slowly as by rushing headlong into threateniags and vilification and general abuse of the Government of the day, in the absence of evidence of its complicity in the iniquitous enactment of an incompetent Minister. The protest to be entered by Coolgardic to-night against the re-casting of Regulation 103 will be as vigorous and emphatic as that minuted by any of the centres of the fields. It will be, we are assured, temperately expressed, yet will leave neither the Minister nor his colleagues the slightest reason to suppose that Mr Wittenoom's administration has been, is, or can possibly be, acccptable to those engaged in the industry which the Department of Mines is supposed to, and shonld, foster, protect and encourage. The Minister is rather to be pitied than blamed for the repeated evidences he has furnished of his unfitness for the position he occupies. He has been at no pains to acquaint himself with the practical part of the business of his Department, and to-day knows little more of the conditions under which mining is carried on, than lie did when lie assumed office. Unless the forked tongue of slander has belied him, he regards himself in his unjustified conceit as the Alpha and Omega, the Be-all and Endall, the great 1 am of the Mines, who rather than demean himself by taking counsel with the permanent heads and responsible officials who are his subor- dinates accepts, and acts upon the advice of the man in the street, and com- equently, as has been more than once demonstrated, makes himself and tlie Governmcnt appear ridiculous in the eyes of their opponents and presents the Cabinet to its friends as a weak-kneed and incompetent combination calling for their pity, rather than, commanding their admiration. Unfortunately, there are not wanting those who assert that the amendment of clause 103 was not marked by the apparent singleness of purpose which has characterised Mr Wittenoom's previous errors of judgment, but there is no necessity to more than mention this and let it go for what it is worth. One direct effect of the new enactment—for it is that rather than a mere amendment of an existing regulation—may be the taking out of the hands of the Warden of a case bearing directly on the rights of the aluvial miner. On Friday night the taking of evidence and hearing of . argument was concluded in the court and an announcement made that the decision would be given today. On Saturday morning the amendment was gazetted. This may be merely a coincidence and not a consequence of anything. If so it is, to say the least of it, a most remarkable one, particularly when it is borne in mind that at a recent indignation meeting a memDer of Parliament stated, that more than one legislator and at least one Minister were interested in preventing the encroachment of searches for alluvial gold upon a leaseholding on which at a depth distinctly alluvial, gold has been found in country which presents none of the features of either a quartz reef or a lode formation. It is not, nor has it been stated, nor attempted to be shown that the Minister for Mines is connected with this venture though it is asserted that a gentleman of the same name owns a large interest in it. Mr Wittenoom cannot be held responsible for the acts of other Wittenooms at present infesting the earth, any more than be is entitled to be credited with the virtuous and wise actions of Wittenooms who became ghosts years before he was born But be is and must be held responsible for his own unwarranted acts and at the proper time, if the Cabinet does nut anticipate Parliament in the matter, wilt be called upon to furnish an account of what has been a most unsatisfactorily discharged stewardship. Mr Witte noom has unquestionably been guilty of a gross betrayal of the public trust, Prior to the last general election an implied promise was given by the Premier when he announced the appointment of a Royal Commission to consider and suggest amendments in the Mining Act, that, until the report of the commission h«d been presented to and digested by Parliament, neither the Act nor Regulations would be tampered or tinkered with. That implied promise by the Premier, made actual by its freqnent repetition by candidates <uiore or less pledged to the support of the Go vernment,-was held to be binding on the Minister for Mines, yet he has wilfully and apparently not without deliberation caused bis chief, in his absence, to break his word, and presented the Government of the day in the light of a body of time-servers whose ward is certainly not its bond. For this violation of what was practically a covenant between the Premier and the people o> the fields, Mr Wittcnoom is deserving of the severest censure, and because of it and its consequence, the confidence of the goldfields voters will be withdrawn from the Department of Mines so long as he continues to administer it. It is aseless a; well as unnecessary to suggest how the Minister might have achieved his object—if that object was the protection of the leaseholder. Wc claim that nothing should have been done unless with the sanction of Parliament, now in a position to voice the necessities of the mining community, and to furnish valuable and intelligent suggestions as to bow they may be net. In acting as he lias done Mr Wit tenoom has given the most indisputable evidence that he is not seized of the responsibilities of his high office. He has, and it appears, not unintentionally discredited liiscolleagues discounted the undertaking of hisebief, and demonstrated his utter unfitness to retain flis seat in the Cabinet. He has thrown the goldfields communities into a state bordering on panic, and furnished an opportunity for incendiary orators to take the stump and influence the people against u Government which half, in the face of a determined and long-conlinued opposition succeeded in ob aining practically their undivided confidence. There is, however, no necessity for inflammatory speeches or incendiary harangues, and wild and loud-mouthed belchings forth of throatenings and slaughter. The Government is not blnmeable for the act of the Minister. Had Sir John Forrest been in the province the case would have been altogether different. 'Then there would have been good reason for strong and blunt speech, seasoned with breathings of revolution and incitement to disregard and set at defiance constituted authority. In the circumstances there is no warrant for even a threat of proceeding to extremes, and such extremes as have been suggested in the speech of one member of Parliament must not here be approached even by suggestion. In the interests of all. Law and Order must be preserved. We can gain our ends by reasonable and legitimate pro- 