The Earl'^ Granddaughter ?CHAPTER XXL— (Continued.) ' I do not believe it is a fatal wound,' said Sir Wilfred, who examined it carefully, after ho had Bent off in haste for tho nearest surgeon. But knowing how old the earl was, ho folt uneasy. Ho knew ho could not recuperate as easily as a younger man. 'Wilfred, tear off the villain's wig and false whiskers,' said tho earl, faintly. ' It is Aylesford in disguise.' Sir Wilfred hastened to obey him, and found that he had spoken true. The would-be assassin was Mr. Aylesford, who crouched upon tho floor shivering with terror, found out in his villainy at last. Tho earl raised bis fright-capped head and pale faco from tho pillow and domanded sternly: , 'Aylosford, you craven wretch, why did yon steal upon mo in tho darkness of tho night and try to murder mo?' ' Because I hated you,' was tho bold reply, ' and wanted yon dead before your imbecile whim of repudiating your own granddaughter, and taking an impostor in her place, could bo consummated.' . . ' WUat, do you still persist in claiming that Florence is Guy Aylcsford's daughter?' ex ' claimed Cecil Courtcnayo, astonished at tho villain's hardihood. ' Yes, T do persist in it,' said Aylesford, unblushingly. 'Florence is tho daughter of 1 Guy. Aylesford and Lady Ethel, and I, will maintain it with ray dying breath.' ' Aylosford, how dai'o you persist in such a wicked untruth ?' cried tho earl. ' No false hood can avail you now, or help your cause. Tho law will punish you for your attempt upon my Hfc, and I shall send Floronco away, j Confess tho truth that Hilda is my own I granddaughter, and you shall go free, T will not hand you over to tho law.' .' I will not buy my freedom at the expense j of my truth,' cried Aylesford with a hypocritical air of honesty. ' Florence is your granddaughter, and I will swear to it, : and prove it before any court in tho land. You have accepted her as your granddaughter, and you will find it hard to repudiate her now. I will mako it so hard for you. that you will never succeed in shaking her off.' His evilly triumphant tone impressed them all with a vaguo dread. Sir Wilfred lookod depressed and uneasy, Cecil indignant. Tho j oarl began to realize that, after all, it might | not bo so easy as ho thought to shako off the j vampires that had fastened upon him. Tho J mon servants that had come in to assist tho earl had got an inkling of tho matter, and whisperod sagely together. . Tho wretch saw that ho had gained an advantago over his opponents. ' \ ' , ' Yes,' ho repeated, growing defiant oven . in his bonds, ' persecute mo aB you may you shall not oust Lady Florence from her place. I swear to maintain her rights as your hoiross. You may understand how desperate I am when I tell you that I tried to murder you fo-nigllfc tlwt Floronco might inherit your ) wealth to-morrow, and the question of her jrights bo f orovor settled. Silo is your grand daughter. Make up your mind to that faot, fov you cunnot alter it, my proud, imperious ] Earl of Devon. As for Hilda, she is my own child, and I shall tako measures to roraovo Ivor from tho' path of Lady Floronco right flpo'edily.' 'Liar!' That Binglo word, uttorod in a voice of tho moBt torriblo rage and deadliest hate, oamo with tho suddonnoss of tho lightning's flash from tho.opon doorway. A U eyes turned toward it. On tho threshold stood a lady— tall, statoly, still young nud lovoly, though tho .dark pyos flashing fivo beneath her frowning brow woro Bhadod by waving tresses of silvor-whito hair. Prom tho sombre setting of hor long, lustre, loss black robo, tho beautiful' -white faoo gleamed gliost-liko, star-liko, against tho outer darkness of tho corridor. . ' Liar !' sho ropeatod, in that awful, passionate voice, and- Aylosford yollod out in horror : . . ' _,, ' Has tho dond roturnod to punish mo r ' Nqt tho dond, but tho living,' said Mrs. L'Estrango, as bIio glided into tho room and turnod ihor augry faoo from tho aravoti wrotoh, ?whilo a tondoror light camo over it as sho wont up to tho bod and put out her whito hands to tho oarl. ' Papn,' bIio said, ' it is your own Ethel. I havo camo homo to you. Yon miist forgivo mo and lovo mo again,' 'It is Ethel's voice,' said tho oarl, in a tono of ioy and wonder, as ho kissed tho soft whito hands sho hold out to him. ' It is Ethel's face, too, but that man there told mo Ethol ?was dead.' ' | Thon his head fell buck hoavily.on tho pillow, his oyolids olosod. ' ? Lady Ethbl uttered a shrink of foar and nlarm. Sir Wilfrid wont to hor sido. ' ?' Ethol,' ho said, gently, ' do not bo friglitonod. Your fathor is weakened by a Blight wound, and tho shook of joy has caused him to swoon. Sit down horo and rest youraolf whilo I attond to him. I think tho surgeon will Boon'bo horo.' ' ' Is the wound dangerous P' askod Lady IDlliol, frightonod hy tho deathly paleness of hor father's faco. ,..,,„. , ' No, I do not boliovo it in,' ho answored. ' I wiH -Boon bring him around, I think.' 'Lot «io help you— Wilfred,' snid Lndy Ethol, timidly. , That namo, broaihod bo softly by tho lips ho loved, thrillod to tho ooro of tho baronot s heart. Togothar they bent over tho unoon Hoious earl, employing every nvmlnblo remedy to revive him. Tltbn sho stopped softly out of the way. ns tho hoavy oyoluls fluttorod up-. Wl]3u'ti tho first words ho said woro : s' Ethel, my darling !' ' . . Sho oamo and Btood by him again without wpoaking, fearful of frightening hie fooblo flUngth away if Bho oxoitod Wm. - Ho Tutidorfltood her motivo. AftoraWUo J|io Baidto her, gontly :, , ' lam too weak to talk to you, dear. Tell Wilfred all your story; it will not hurt mo to look at you and listen.' An expression of the bitterest pain swept over the beautiful, mournful face as sho turned to the baronet. ' Mako it brief if it- hurts you to dwell upon it, Ethel,' he said, gently ond pityingly. He was trembling from head to foot with the shock of meeting his early love, -whom he had mourned as dead so many years. The joy of her reappearance would havo prostrated him as completely as it had done the earl, but that he had controlled himself by the power of a strong and resolute wi\\]. But his heartbeat quick and fast as ho met the sad and dreary gaze of the dark eyes he remembered as so bright and joyous in the long ago. She looked at the man who crouched upon the floor in abject terror, staring at her with ashen face and. terrified eyes, as' though sho were indeed a ghost. ' Ask that man,' she said, trying to hush the vibrating passion in her voice in her ten derness for her father. ' Ho it was who murdered my husband, stole my child, con signed me to a madhouse, and finished his work by imposing his own child on my father for mine.' ' ' Then Florence is not your child,' said the baronet, joyfully. 'No,' Lady Ethol answered; 'Hilda is, my own daughter. She is eighteen years old ; Florence is .twenty-two. Sho was a child of four years when I went to America with Guy. 1 remember her perfectly well.' Mr. Aylosford broke into a torrent of fear ful curses.- The butler, who stood at the foot of tho bed, went up to the wretch threateningly, and ho subsided into moody silence. Then tho baronet said, wondoringly : 'You say 'that this man murdered your husband, Ethel ?' 'Yes,' sho answored, while Aylesford's eyes fell uneasily before the hatred in tho dark eyes sho flushed upon his. face. ' He stole my husband's fortune while Guy was abx-oad. Thoy quarrelled over it in tho pri vate ofiico of tho swindler, and be murdored Guy— murdered him, and hid his body be neath the flooring of the oflice — thon fabri cated a lying story of a murderous assault and a disgraceful flight.' 'It is a lie !' shrieked Aylesford, furiously, but his eyes woro staring with horror, hia teeth chattered, his knees knocked together. ' You havo only recently discovered this fact, I suppose ?' said tho baronet, gently, his heart, aching with sympathy for Ethel's sorrow. ' Yes,' sho said ; ' I will tell you how it happened, Sir Wilfred. I bolioved that vil lain's plauBiblo story at first, as did others. 1 wont mad with tho horror and grief of it all after my little dark-eyed daughter was born. ? ' When my reason returned I found mysolf tho inmate of a lunatic asylum— consigned to it for life by. my husband's murderor. ' They told mo my baby was dead. I had nothing left to live for, so I remained thero for long years, passive, listless, broken hearted, my dark hair prematurely whitened by grief. At length a fellow-sufferer, a wealthy woman, unjustly placed thero by wicked relatives, porsuaded me to join her in an effort to escape. Wo were successful, aud sho overwhelmed mo with benefits. ' Then, by tho merest chance, I found Margery, the. maid I brought with mo from Eugland. I took hor into my service again. LaBt year I wont to the Springs for my health. Per haps you havo heard Hilda speak of Mrs. L'Estrango?' , Sir Wilfred started. . .;. 'Yes,' ho said, 'often. But Mrs. L.'F'8tl'ftnge nH$ l)er maid were burned to death hi their, cottage.' '*\ Lady Ethol smiled sadly ? ' No,' sho said. ' Tho cottage was empty ; for Margery and I had started South an hour before, by an oarly train.' ' Mr. Aylesford, listening silently, with dilated eyes, cursed himself inwardly for the failure ho had .raado of that dark- night's work. 'I wont South,' continued Lady Ethol, ' in order to got some information by which to oiroumvont tho tsrriblo sohomo I had just found out. I hated to loavo my daughter whom I had so recently found, but I know I could Borvo hor interests bettor by going than staying. ' Some 'vaguo doubts woro forming in my mind. I went to Mr. Aylosford's formor offico, and had tho flooring romovod. Beneath it was found tho body of my mur dored husband.' Lady Ethol stoopod and buriod her con vulsed face in her hands. If looks could havo killed, tho glances of oxooration that foil upon tho murdoror must havo scorched him into smouldoring ashes. Lndy Ethol looked up nftor a momont, and wont ou, brokonly : . ' Armed with this torriblo discovery, I re turned to Wost Virginia to doinand my child at tho hands of hor protondod fathor. I was mot with tho nows of hor supposed, death. Thon 1 onrafi to England, to seek my fathor. I had only jnst reached hero, with my faith ful Margery whon I ontorod that door a littlo whilo ago.' . Sho paused a momont, thon continued, in a ?fluttering voioo : 'But Hilda livos! I gathorod as much from that villain's words as I oamo in tho door. Whoro is my durling P' She had not hoard tho light footstops that Htolo in a littlo whilo boforo and pausod behind hor chair. O'ooil Oourtontfyo had Htolqn out silontly and broken tho howb to Hilda. Sho had oomo in vory quietly, 'and at a sign from her grandfather, paused bolrind Lady Mind's, ohnir. ' Now aho oamo forward, and throw herself, weeping, into tho armB of tho boautiful mothor sho hud first, loarnod' to lovo as a stranger. ? 'Tho surgoon is horo,' annouucod tho butlor. Lndy Leigh glidod softly into,, tho room. Sho took tho 'hand of hor old friend softly iii hors. ' ? .,.,,,' ' ' Ethol, lot mo,- tako you away for a littlo whilo,' sho whispered. . ,, At tho sound of Lady Loigh's voioo— tho voioo oil hor girlhood's dearest friond— Lady Ethel broko into passionate wooping. Thoy led hot1 passively away, and Lady Loigh, Mrs. Oourtonayo,1 Hilda and tho maid, Margwy, oared for . hor tondorly through tho weary hours till morning, . Oooil Oourdonnyo camo to them onoo to say »that tho surgeon though I) well of tho oarl's wound. It would ottuso him a todioim oon finomont., ho fonrod, but, with careful nursing, ho would almost oortainly rocovor. The butler and other men servants had in enrcerated Mr. Aylesford in a locked room, meaning to deliver him up to justice in the morning, but when morning dawned they dis covered, to their grief and dismay, that tho prisoner had escaped them. Florence had learned of the disastrous failure of the attempted murder, and knew that the end had como. She secretly liberated her father, and they fled together, taking with them as lawful spoil all the costly jowels that Florence had become possessed of dui'ing her triumphant year as tho earl's granddaughter. They woro never seen nor heard of again by any of those whom they had so deeply and irrepai'ably injured. \ Florence's portrait was removed from the gallery, and a lovely one of Hilda soon occupied its place. Hilda, and every one else, was snrprised that Cecil Caurtenayo weht away suddenly tho day after Lady Ethel returned, without telling any one whon he would comeback. It was some unexpected news in a letter from his mother that brought him bnck in a week. Mrs, Courtenaye told him simply that Lady Ethel and the baronet had renowedtheir early troth, and that as soon as tho earl recovered from his wound, thoy would bo married. Was not her dear Cecil glad to hear of tho pleasant ending of the baronet's romantic lovo story ? CHAPTER XXII. 'FOttBVB R III INE .' To bear, to heed, to wed, Fair lot that maidens ohoneo — i Thy mother's tenderest words are eaid, Tby face no more she views. |— Jean Ingelow, No ono knew that Cecil was coming back that lovoly summer morniug, so there was no conveyance to meet him. Ho walked from the station to Locksley Hall, Passing through tho park ho heard the sound of voices near tho lako. He looked, and saw Lady Ethel walking with Sir Wilfred undor tho trees, and Lady Loigh and Hilda sitting on tho banks of tho lake. Ho went over to thorn. Hilda was looking fresh and' lovoly in a cool, white dress, with a bunch of white and red roses carelessly fastened in her belt. Tho sunshine shone down on her ? lovingly, tho breeze caressed her dark hair with tender, viewless fingers, lifting the soft, careless locks from her fair low brow. ' ? Cecil never forgot how deliciously sho started and blushed whon he 'wont up to hor so suddenly and called her name. ' You naughty boy 1 Whoro have you boon ?' cried Lady Loigh, shaking a playful finger at him,, ' To London — on tho most pressing busi ness,' replied Cecil, unbluehingly. Ho did not lileo to confess that he went away because ho thought Hilda was engaged to Sir Wilfred Halo. . . ' Lot us go on the lako and got some lilios,' ho said, a minuto later. Cecil was deliberately selfish whon ho made tho remark. Ho knew that Lady Leigh had a nervous dread of going on tho water in a small boat, ? ' . 'HUdn may go,' she said, ashamed to con fess hor weakness. ' I think I would rather walk with Wilfred and Ethol., It looks too warm out there on iho water.' Sho went away just as Cecil .had expected she would do. He and Hilda wont out on tho lako alone. ' ' I would not toll Lady Loigh why I wont away, Hilda,' ho said, ' but I will toll yon. I was jealous of Sir Wilfred. I thought you were engaged to him.' Sho looked at him in wonder, aud thon sho laughed merrily. i ' How strange,' she said. ' I never thought of such a thing, Mr. Courtonayo. Sir Wilfred is to marry mamma.' . ' So my mothor wroto me,' ho Baid. ' That is why I came back, I was wild to see you, darling,' Hilda .did not answer, she was looking down at tho water, trailing tho tips of her .white fingers through tho rippling wavos. 'Hilda, you know already how doarly I lovo you,' Cecil wont on, half pleadingly. Hilda gave him a bright, aroh glando from hor, sparkling oyos. Sho did not know how uucousciously the toudorneBS of hor' hoar t shono through them. . ..' 'You havo savod my lifo onco— I have savod yours twice,' ho said, ' Does it not really seem as if wo ought to belong to each othor?' ,; ? 'Yes,' sho answered, with tho protty naivo simplicity that soomod to belong to hor frank, sweot nature so porfootly, and Oooil roali/.od with a thrill of rapture so keen it was almost pain, thnt his boautiful, bravo Hilda was all his own, Aftor a long whilo thoy romombored that thei'o woro somo othor pooplo in tlio world besides thomsolvcs, and thoy roturnod to tho shoro. Cecil went straight to .Lady Ethol. ' I want to ask you tho grontost favour in tho .world,' ho said.' 'Will you givo me Hilda?' Lady Ethol looked at him, startled. Tho quick tears sprang to hor dark oyos. Sho looked nt him, half voxod. ' So soon P' sho said. ' Why, I havo only just found hor mysolf.' ' Thon Hilda blushod crimson, and slipped hor hand .caressingly through. hor mothox;ls arm. * ? ?? 'Mamma,' sho said, ' do not bo angry with Oooil. It is all my fault. I allowed him to ask you. I thought as Sir Wilfrod had takbn you from, mo ? ' Sho stoppod just thoro, for ovory ono was laughing. , LndyElhol colourod vividly,' thou said, ro signudly.' / ? ' t seo how it is. You may tnko hor, Oooil.' 'You brought roses from tho lako, inst'oad of lilios,' Iiiuly Loigh said, miHohiovously, to Hilda, as sho kissed hor glowing ohook. . Thon thoy wont to tho Earl in his largo uiry ohambor, whoro his wound still oonfinod liim. Tho ladios fill took turns in f»muHiug him. Mrs. Oourtonayo was rondiug to him now, whilo Margory fanned him, 'My lord,' snid Oooil, domuroly, 'I havo olinngod my mind. I am willing to marry your gmnaclnughtor.' Tho worn, whito faoo of tho old man flushed with pleasure. Ho snid, quickly : 'I am vory . glad to hoar it, Cooil. You hnvo given tno tho dosiro of my heart.' ' And m'ino,' said Mrs. Oonrtonayo, giving Hilda a vory motherly kiss. Tho Earl lived sovornl years longer-— long enough tn boo Lady Ethol *and Hilda both marriod j then ono nuiot summor ovoning thoy .found him Bitting in his ohalr with a calm, happy smilo on his lips, Ulco ono dronming ; in his ponoofnl slumb'oL' his soul had gono away from him to tho Bottor Ltmd. Hilda made a very noble and beantiful wife to the new earl of Devon. Sho was very happy and blessed in the lovo of her devoted husband. When a littlo son came to her she called him Guy in tender memory of her own young father, who had died before she was born. Lady Ethol Halo was vory fond of her little grandson. Every one remarked her devotion to the child, but no ono guessed how many hours spent alone with the little one, fondly tracing, in his infantile features, fancied re semblances to hor. first husband, Hilda was wholly like her mothor, but Hilda's son grow very like tho pictured faco of tho handsome young man in tho pearl-studded locket Lady Ethel always wore on her breast. Sho looked at tho picture often ; she kissed it when it had first been given back to her by Hilda. Sir Wilfred was not jealous of hor lovo for. tho dead. Ho loved her with tho devotion of ft lifo time, and she raado him very happy, but ho knew, for she had told him so, before sho had given'horsolf to him, that half her heart was buried in Guy Aylesford's grave. [the end,] ' .ZZZ 