? THE STOB'¥TELLEB. AN UNSOLVED ENIGMA. CHAPTER XV. ? THE VERGE OF AN ABYSS. . ' Melftuie Blowly r-:o jvered, and opened her, eyes at last upon the glowing wood 1 land, bathed in the crimson beams of the sotting sun. . Alan Graham had carried her down in his strong arms from that room of horror, and had plaoed her unconscious form on the mossy Bward beyond a screenings thicket which shut out altogether the view of the haunted house. 'I — I am better now,' the girl gaspod feebly, as consciousness crept hack again to . her senses. ' Let us— let us go away from here.' ?. 'Bat yon cannot possibly walk yet, M-- . lanie,' Alan cried, unconsciously using the name which he always called her in his dreams and reveries. 'Don't you think, Miaa Verner, that we had better send for a conveyance of some kind ?' he added, turn ing to Alice. 'That can be easily managed,' Harold interposed at once. '.My place is within half a mile of us now. I shall cross the ground in 10 miuutes, and send on the carriage.' ' And is the road far from here ?' Alan asked. ? . . , - -?? His voice was full of a wistful anxiety. Hilda Fenton's last hope seemed to die ont, as she looked at his pale troubled face. ' Well, there is a disused woodland road, which was formerly, I suppose, the ap proach to the Grange, within 20 yards of where we stand,' Harold answered. 'Per- haps I bad better get a pony-trap instead of the carriage ; for, I daresay, it is a long time since a vehicle of any kind passed that way.' This was accordingly decided on, and Harold hastened away. Within half-an-hour the pony-trap ar rived, and Alan insisted on taking Melanie in, his arms and carrying her to the wood ;?- land road^where the i vehicle was waiting. The girl was soon placed within the little carriage, and she lay back, with o'osedeyes, against the cushions. Alan walked beside her, one arm resting on the cushioned back of the seat which Melanie occupied, and the man-servant then went to the pony's head and led the animal along the rough, grass gtowri road, while the rest or the party fol lowed, almost in silence now — 30 un pleasantly had this exfcraordiarny incident impressed ?them all. The road wound in and out between the woods, which gradually became scattered ; and at last onjy detached groups of lordly timber studded | the parkland here and there. Ahin was watching MelanVs pale face, his heart full of yearning tenderness and anxiety, when, suddenly lilting1 bis eyes, he beheld a tall, slim, foreign -looking1 stranger Blowly coming along the road towaid the advancing; vehicle. As the man drew nearer, his face came into view — n dark, sinister, forbidding-looking face, with a blue-black moustache and imperial, and singularly vivid, black, glittering eves. The stranger wore a dark overcoat, ricbly trimmed at the collar and wrists with black Astrachan, and a soft, black felt bat was pulled forward over his forehead. As he approached the pony-trop he paused suddenly, shot a keen, searching glance straight into Melanie's pale face, then turned abruptly, and step ping through a gap in a low, moss-grown fence, disappeared amid a clump of trees immediately beyond. Alan Graham turned and glanced round at the others, who were, however, so far behind that this apparition had escaped their notice, with the exception, at least, of Alice Verner and Harold. They, also, had . observed the figure and the sudden exit of the approaching man. 'I wonder who in the world can the fellow have been ?' Al'iu aeked himself. He waa evidently a Frenchman, and-^— aud ha has ovidently recoguised Moliuiie- !' — and Alan felt hu uneasy thrill at the thought. It relieved him slightly to think that Melanie, at le^Bt, had not seen the tra kuown, and wa-? spared possibly anothor shock to her cruelly- tired nerves this after noon. '.How do you feol now V Alan suid pre sently, shaking off the influence of the Stranger's appearance, and deciding that he would say nothing to Melanie as to this incident. , 'Th;mk yon, I — I am much better. I tun almost well ng*in; indeed,' tho girl filtered; 'as ''well as 'I can exp«ot to be luatj!. — uotil I have eased iuy oonB'ciua'c'd somewhat by taking a decisive step, upon which I am now determined.' These strange words w-ire uttered in French, and in a slow, grave vdioe, aa if the girl was taking to herself rather than addressing Alan, ? 'How do you mean, Melanie ?' he said, his voice trembling a- little as he again spoke her name. ' Do not ask me to explain now. I can uot utter the words, even to yon whom I trust so absolutely. I am in great distress, Mr. Graham ' — and she suddenly unclosed her eyes and turned them upon his facp, with a look of fear and anguish in their dilating pupils. 'I am trembling on the verge of an abyss. I know it, I feel it. I have been already warned of this. But if my doom is inevitable, at least I have it in my power to atone somewhat for a very wicked deception, before it is too late.' ' Melanie, I implore of you not to think of those things- — whatever they may be- — jast now, at all events,' Alan cried, almost passionately. ' My heart aches when I see your quivering lips and that look of pain and terror io your eves. Melanin,' he went on, utterly unable to check the words, 'I want to have a long, long talk with you j and as we may have no oppor tunity for such during this evening, will ynu promise to meet me on the rustic bridge in the wood to-morrow afternoon ? Do not— do not refuse !' He was bending eagerly toward her; the hot color had rushed to his temples ; his eves were full of pleading — full of the Jove that had now at last burst from all its re straining bonds, at the sight of the girl's distress. He felt a chivalrous impulse to protect and comfort h?r in this trial, whatever it waa. Her griaf was also hip, and he regis tered within his heart, at this moment, a v -w that he would stand fearlessly between Melanie and this mysterious danger, of which, as the s;irl had just stated, she had already been ' warned.' ?? rromise cnat you will be there, Me lanie. I will wait all the afternoon for you, if you only tell me you will come.' Her eyes were again fixed on his as he spoke. The look of terror in them for a moment softened into an expression of ten derness — of love. ' Be it so, then, Alan,' she said, her voice dropping to a whisper. ' I trust you utterly. I can never, never again meet such as you. Yea ; I will be there. Then we 'can talk freely— you aid I — to our selves.' A long, quivering Bigh followed these words, and again she lay back, with closed eyes, against the, cushions. And by this time they; had emerged upon the highroad leading direct to the Chase, and to the village hall a mile beyond. * * . * # The afternoon tea at the Chase was a rather disappointing affair, notwitstanding: the praiseworthy efforts of Mrs. Lawless and Miss Katherine to keep up a lively cross-fire or conversation^ ' I'm sure I hope tbines will look up a little- when we. get to; iTeigncroft,' Mrs. Lawless at last said to Miss Katherine in an 'aside.' 'This is dreadfully depressing.' At the Bame moment Ethel Fenton was expressing some of her pent- up feelings to her sister. ' It is really intolerable that that odious girl should put us all into this siate!' she said, with a very wrathful glance at Melonie Hilda only sighed in answer. Her sweet face was pale, and her eyes wore a look of disappointment. The day had been color less and wenrisome to her and she already wished that it whs nf an end. The visit to the Moated Grange, with its tragic ending, had cast a gloom over every body's spirits, and even the bright, che«rful old drawing room, with its oiiel windows looking out over a rolling park, studded with «reat elms and oaks, failed to restore the element of liveliness to Harold Dering's guests. At six o'clock the landau from Teigncrofi. arrived at the Chase, and Harold's brougham was also drawn up at fho dorr. ' Thank heaven !'' Mrs. Lawless said fer vently, as she l-'aned buck on the luxurious cushions of the brougham. 'I thought I Bhould have choked every minute during the ordeal of that dreadful tea !' ' Surely, the worst is over,' was Miss K^herine's oonsoling answer. '? Teigncroft ie always a cheerful house. And a good dinner is an excellent antidote for those who have supped full of horrors. You'll boo!' ; Miss. .Katharine's hopeful prophecy was, in part at least, fulfilled. The brightly-lit dining-room at Teigncroffc, the glorious fire, with a blazing log crowning its ruddy pile, the savoury odours of the viands, the flash of silver and cut-glass, the array of flowers, and the pretty costumes of the girls, all combined to counteract the gloomy in fluences of the visit to the Moated Grange; and as the night wore on everybody seemed to be in fairly good form once more. Melanie again wore the rich dark-blue velvet costume, with its heavy cream lace at the throat and wrists, the scarlet girdle and slippers, the glittering jewels, on her finger?, and Alice's chain and pendant about her neck. Alan Graham's eye followed every move ment of her's all through that night, just as though he were feasting on the loveliness of some favorite picture. All too soon for him the night came to an end, and the carriage from the Hall rolled. round to the front door. ' You won't forget to-morrow afternoon V be whispered, as he assisted Melanie into the vehicle, and helped her to arrange the rags ' Never fear. I 6hall bo there as early as I can.' *' I will wait until night, if necessary,' he whispered back, and then made his adieux to the others. ' Alan, my boy,' George Fenton aaid to his friend, half an hour later, as the two lounged in the smoking-room, ' I fear yon are treading on dangerous ground. Don't you think you had better draw the line — now ?' Alan Graham suddenly tossed his cigar into the grate, and impulsively caught one of George's hands in his. ' Look here, George ; I can trust you — and I must tell somebody !' he cried, his face and eyes aglow. ' I'm going to meet that girl to-morrow afternoon, and I will ask her to be my wife. If she refuses me, I shall never know a happy day again !' CHAPTEE XVL. JTJDISH DARE IS STABTLBD. Melanie was strangely silent as they drove back to the Hall. When they arrived, she went up slowly to her own room and cast herself into the big arm-chair, in which she had so often sat during the past eventful week. ' Yes — yes, nothing can shake me now,' was the thought that filled her heart. ' My plans are formed. It is too late to shrink ! Come what may, I will tell him so clearly — to-morrow. ? There was a light knock at the door, and Alice entered. r 'Melanie, won't you take some supper bgfore you go to bed?' 'No, Alice, nothing; but I am so glad you have come !' Melanie said, rising and approaching her friend. 'I want to say a word to you, darling. I want to ask you to forgive me.'.' ' To forgive you, Melanie ?' Alice fal tf-rei, and a sudden color rose to her cheeks. 'For what?' 'For any trouble — any pain or bitter ness I may have caused you, Alice,' was Melanie's low-spoken reply ; and now she had wreathed her arms about Alice's waist, and her face sank upon the other's shoulder. 'Alice, I would not willingly pain you for all the wide world. Whatever you may hereafter think of me — however you may blame and detest me — of one thing at least you may always be assured. It is this. I never voluntarily injured you, by word or act. , I loved you from the moment onv eyes first met ; and for the extraordinary manner in which we have been eifuated toward each other — you und I — since my coming here, Fate, and Fiite only, is respon sible. It has been none of my doing ! In comine; here, I came simplv and solely fco see you once again — to bid yon farewell before youshould puss outof mylifefor ever, and into the keeping of another. No sinister motives of any kind suggested my unexpected visit. Bat you look puzzl«=d and even frightened, Alice,' shn broke off, with a long, quivering ai;*b. ' I shall not weary you with any further words to-night. One thing only I will ask you. Do you believe that I have spoken sincerely and genuinDly to you now? Do you give me credit, for this, at least 1' She lifted her head, and gnz-?d. stead fastly, pleadingly, into Alice's eyes. It was the first time, since their acquaintance had begun, that Alice had seen her look like this. Alice hardly knew what to say and Melanie was at onca aware of her hesi tation. ? ' You will not answer ! You distrust me utterly — and I have brought this upon my Own head !' Melaxae cried, bursting into French/ ' What is left to me in life; Alice, if you lose faith in my friendship 1' ? 'You are excited, Melanie— your nerves are unstrung,' Alice said hurriedly. 'You should not have visited that unlucky house. The shock has been too much for yoa.' 'Ah, it was a shock! But, still, still it has opened my eyes to my true position, and filled me with the desire to atone somnwhat for my acts. Alice, I cannot explain things further to-night. Since you refuse to bo convinced of my sincerity, ? I can only wait until you know all — and then, at least, you may be more merciful. I will speak fully, perhaps to- morrow — or, if my courage fail me, I may write the con fession instead. Yes ; I think that would be easier forme. I will write everything to you from London ; for I leave here to- ? morrow, if possible. I can remain no longer in this place.' 'Leave here to-morrow, Melanie?' Alice echoed. 'Surely there is no neceB- ?'.» sity for that.' , Yet there was a faint tone of relief in her voice, and Melanie's sensitive ear per ceived it. ... - ' I must go, Alice. I dare not linger ! . I have never before been subjected to Buch a trial—and only that I ban trust fully in the affection and sincerity of a true friend and champion, I should be desperate in- ; deed ! I shall ask his advice to- morrow and will act as he says. Oh, how my head aches !' she broke off suddenly, with a little moan and shiver. '? Good night, Alice. Leave me now.' Impulsively Alice stooped and kissed .: her, and Melanie clung to her for a mo-' ment, but spoke no further word. --.^ Then Alice was gone, closing the door softly behind her. Next morning Melanie was suffering from a nervous headache and breakfasted in her own room j nor did she come down stairs until luncheon was over, and even then she looked anything but well. ' My dear, you should not have got up at all, I fear,' kind Miss Katherine said. 'And, if you take my advice, you will go to bed again ; for you are as pale as a ghost . this moment.' 'I think I shall venture outof doors for a little walk in the afternoon,' Melanie Said; 'and, in the meantime, I will re turn to my room and lie down. I do feel ill, Miss Desmond.' I This conversation took place in the Oak Room, and at the same moment Alice. and Harold were in the conservatory below. Harold ;had lunched at the Hall, and was now urging Alice to take a stroll with him through the park. But the girl firmly re fused. ' '..' 'I cannot go to-day,' she said coldly. -* I am engaged otherwise, and I really must ask you to excuse me, Harold, for the remainder of .the afternoon.' The color leaped to Harold's dark face. He was silent for a moment, as if cheoking the hot and bitter words that rose to his lips. ' I suppose, then, I may accept that.,as my dismissal for the rest of the day ?' he said, with a ring of uncontrollable anger in his voice. 'Oh, I do not mean anything of the kind,' Alice returned. 'I simply wish to toll you that I have an engagement for the afternoon ; but, of course, you can remain, if you wish. Miss Garaye will be down presently, I daresay, and she can entertain you, surely.' ' Let her entertain Alan Graham, if she fee?s inclined to,' Harold retorted passion ately. ' I do not wish to intrude on his prerogative, I assure you.' And with these bitter words on his lips, ho turned and swung out of the room, and a moment later Alice saw him cross tho terrace and disappoar amid the trees of the ....y.: avenue. That sharp arrow of humiliated pride again quivered in the girl's heart, hut sho oornpressod her lips and forced her . spirit to rise above this weakness. ' I shall say nothing— I shull cor coal my true feelings until she is gone,'. Aiica decided. ' Then Rhe shall know my full mind — ere I break through this humiliat-' -? ing bond for ever.' About two hours later Alice loft the house and strolled across the park in tbe direction of the wood. It was a dull, threatening afternoon, with a wailing wind amid the trees and a rack of tattered clouds fleeing across the Jivid akies. Alice drew her cloak closer about her slender shoul ders as she entered the wood. She folt chilled — both in miad and body. Her own prospec's seemed to her just now to be as gloomy and cheerless aa this dismal day, and her heart — so hopeful and happy until Mel mie's arrival at the HhII — was now the prey to distrust, bit'eruts?, and a vague, mm 083 foreboding. ? ' She was on her way to Judith Dare's cottage— according to her promise to Davy, the crippled boy — but she could not bring herself to take the dear, familiar path lead ing to Mona's Bower and the rustic bridge. That scene would henceforward awaken ?within her memories that were best for gotten, or at least suffered to lie undistrubed beneath the withered leaves of dead hopes in her heart. She therefore selected another path, that carried her to the highest part of the wood, far sbove the head of the winding gorge, spanned by the rustic bridge. She walked on slowly, listening vaguely to the dirge of. the rising storm and she melancholy rostle of the falling leaves. To the heart charged with the bitterness of regretful memory, no other sound on earth is so full of- sadness as the wistful rustle of the autumn wind in the leaves — that sob and shudder, rising and falling, coming and going, and touching the strings of pain within us with every fitful fluctua tion. The fleeing clouds had by this time formed into livid masses, and were troop ing more slowly across the sky. The after noon was darkening, and already the wood land path was rilled with growing shadows. Alice had reached a high bend of the path, just ere it falls again, and, glancing down through a long vista, her eyes fell suddenly on a man's figure who, standing on a lower path, seemed to be peering eagerly between the treea at some object still farther below. In a moment Alice recognised this figure as that of the dark, foreign-looking man whom she had seen on the old road to the Grange on the previous afternoon. He was evidently watching something or some body with an all-engrossing intentness j and, following the direction of his eyes, Alice vaguely distinguished, far below, the wild gorge, the rustic bridge, and two figures, leaning against the wooden hand rail. The figures of Melanie and Alan Graham, most probably ; although, at this distance, Alice could not be thoroughly assured of this. She had seen Melanie but for a few moments that day, and the French girl had hinted at her appointment with Alan. The unexpected glimpse of the scene she bad wished to avoid filled Alice's heart with a new bitterness, and after that momemtary glance she hurriedly averted ;_ her eyes and pursued her way to Judith Dare's cottage. At last she arrived, and there at the open door sat little Davy, his large eyes gazing wistfully from his pale face, evidently on the look-oat for his expected visitor. In stantly the sadness faded from his face as Alice appeared, and a smile was there instead. ' Welcome, weloome, Miss Alice,' Davy said, and at the same moment Judith Dare appeared from the kitchen. 44 I've brought back the key of the Grange, Judith,' Alice said, as she patted Davy's thin cheek with that gentle caressing touch of hers — the sure sign-manual of a kind, sympathetic heart. , . ? ' Oh, dearie, dearie, why did 'ee go to that wisht house !' Judith croaked, as she led the way to the cottage kitchen, where a handful of blazing sticks burned on the hearth. Alice helped Davy back to his usual corner by the fire. Then she seated herself close to him, and Judith crouched on the hearth. ' You shouldn't ha' ventured there, Mies Alice. It's an unlooky place. No good oomes o' goin' inside that door !' 44 Well, I shan't go again, I think, in a hurry, Judith,' Alice answered. ' It is an unlucky place, I do believe ; and I don't wonder at people shunning it. We would cot have gone at all only that there was a stranger — Mr. Graham — with us, who ?wished to see the Grange.' 44 Well, well, -Miss Alice, 'tis a long time eince I had a chanee of a word with 'ee,' Judith said, after a pause, ' and when I was down in the village, the other day, all the talk was about yourself and Mr. Harold Dering, and your marriage that is to be. And my heart was proud to hear it, Miss Alice ; for the Derings were ever a noble family, and always visited at the Hall, and Mr. Harold ia a fine, handsome young gentleman, child, and you couldn't find one to suit you better in all the country round.' Alice was thankful that the growing shadows and the dying firelight mercifully combined to hide her face just now from old Judith's keen scrutiny. These well intentioned words were expressibly painful to the girl, and she made no reply. ' Surely, 'tis true, Miss Alice. 'Tisn'tonly village clack-?' Judith asked- with evident dcfac'em ia box Voitfe. Thus urged, Alice felt compelled to answer. 11 Don't 88k me any ? such questions, Judith dear, until I oome again,' Bhe said, suppressing a sigh. 'Then I will tell you everything. And now I want fco kno w all about yourself and Davy. Do you require anything — bedclothes, flour, potatoes, any thing like that ? One thing you certainly seem to be short of, Judith,' and Bhe glanced at the hearth, ' I must see that coals are sent to you to-morrow.' 44 Well, Miss Alice, we did burn the last a few days ago ; and that reminds me, I'll have to go an' gather some firewood before evenin' falls. I'd ha' gone during the day, but Davy wasn't well, and he felt lonesome, pomehow, an' I didn't like to leave him. An' if you'll only 3'ay with him now, Mws Alice, until I comb back, it'll be a charity. I won't be long.' 44 Very .well, Judith,' Alice said at once. 44 I promise to cheer him up, if I can, until you return.' So Judith took her rope and knife, and set out for her bundle of firewood, and Alice and Davy bad the cottage all to themselves. The shadows were deepening rapidly, and by this time the storm was pealing through the wood and whistling eerily between the crevices of the door and window-frame. Alice stirred up the sticks into a blaze, and Davy smiled gratefully ae he crouched nearer to the genial warmth. Alice was, meanwhile, relating one of the Arabian Night's wondrous tales, and Davy was listening, spell-bound, to the recital. But the story came to an end at last; and still Judith had not returned. 41 It is growing very late,' Alice said, drawing out her tiny watch and stooping closer to the flame, to examine the dial. 44 Why, it is nearly six o'clock ! Aunt Katherine will wonder at my absence.' She lapsed into silence, listening ab stractedly to the wild clamour of the storm. What was keeping Judith? It was unfair of her to linger like this. 44 Davy, do you think you would feel lonely if — ' the girl was just beginning, ?when the cottage door was suddenly opened, and, Judith Bare trotted, iuto the tfo'om, 4 ? Miss Alice, Miss Alice, 'shut the door behind me— for the love of God !' she gasped, in a broken whisper ; then she staggered feebly forward, and sank down, moaning and shiverine, on the floor. CHAPTER XVII. s mblanib's letter. Alice had risen in some alarm to obey Judith's request, although it was no easy matter to close the door against the wild winds that were rushing triumphantly in j then she turned from the door, and was shocked at the sight of the old woman's face. There was a wild horror in Judith's die tended eyes ; her lips were livid. Now and then a shuddering moan issued from them, as the woman cowered into the farthest corner beyond the hearth. 44 Judith, what has happened ?' Alice cried, advancing rapidly and stooping close to the old woman's face. ' What has frightened you like this ?' 44 Oh, may Heaven preserve us from danger !' was Judith's gasping reply. ' Hush, husb, Miss Alice. Don't speak, child. May the good Saviour protect us !' u Juditb, something has startled you. You have seen something. What is it? Tell me, I implore ol you !' Alice entreated, in tones of growing alarm. But Judith Dare only rocked herself to and fro on the floor, and muttered, vaguely — 44 Husb, child — hueb, hush I' 44 Why, she ia half distracted with terror of some kind !''' Alice cried, now in great distress. 'Davy, I wonder are there any spirits in the house ? She really requires a stimulant.' The girl ran to the deal oupbrard, and hastily opened it. In a moment she found a bottle, which she uncorked at once. Yes, it was whisky, and, pouring some of it into a glass, Alice retnrned to Judith, and forced her to swallow the liquid. The effect was gratifying to Alice. A heavy sigh issued from Judith's lips, and when she spoke again her voice was clearer and stronger. 44 Miss Alice, I'm better now. You were always kind to jj'o'oj Juditb.' She seized the girl's hands and carried them to her still trembling lips. She kissed them again and again, and pressed them against her wrinkled cheeks. 44 Do tell me, Jadifcb, what this means,' Alice urged ; while Davy stared into his grandmother's face, with wide-open eyes of bewilderment. 'Some other time— some other time, ~ ? dearie, not now ! The words would choke me !' was Judith's agitated reply. ' Don't ask me, Misa Alice. I cannot. I would rather die than speak.' She tottered to her feet and stood, for a moment, as if listening intently ; but all other sounds were swallowed up. sow in the uproar of the tempest without. ?'Well, theD, I can delay to longer, - Juditb,' Alice said, endeavoring to con quer th« feeling of nervousness that was overcoming her at the thought of her home ward walk through the wood. 'I must go at once. They will not know what in the world to think of my remaining out so long.' 44 Oh, Mise -Alice, must' you go? I am afraid, child — I am afraid !' And her voice again died away, with a gaBp of terror. 14 Ob, I don't mind the walk in the least, Judith,' Alice said, with a feigned careless ness of manner. 'And I will send you one of the servants to keep yon company fco-nipht, it you wish ? But you must tell me, Juditb, the next time I see you what has frightened you like this.' 'We'll See — we'll see, child,' Judith answered hurriedly. ' Oh, Miss Alice, must you go ?' 44 1 really must. Why, you haven't brought the stinks after all !' -Alice suddenly exclaimed, now remembering the errand on which Judith had left the cottage. 44 No, Miss Alice. I hadn't the strength to early 'em.' * 41 Well, the coals shall be sent to-morrow without 'foil. And now good-bye, Judith — good-bye, Davy.' And Alice was gon-». ; She hastened along in the stormy shadows, drawit7gr her cloak tightly about . her/ and looking neither to left nor right aa . , she pursued the darkened pith airid the trees. She fancied her heart bad oeased to beat, and a feeling of terror dismayed her. And not until sbo had emerged at last from the gloomy shadows of the wood did she pause to draw a long, quivering breath of relief. When she arrived at the Hall she found Mies Katherine in the Oak Room, in a state of very evident anxiety. A relieved look crossed her kind face as Alice entered. 44 My, dear, is this you at last ! Why, what in the world happened to you ? — and the evening has turned out so dreadful, too!' - ' .,: * 41 1 couldn't help it, Aunt Catherine. I weut.to~see Judith Dare, and — and some how, the time slipped on,' waa Alioe'a faltering answer. 44 And where is Melanie 1 Was »he with you, my dear V 44 Melanie ? No ! Why, where is she ? Has. she not comeback?'' Alice asked,' as she suddenly recalled the brief glimpse Bhe had obtained of the rustic bridge and the two figures leaning against the railing. 44 I've not seen her for the oast two or three hours, Alice. I thought she might have been with you. Do you mean to. say you have not seen her all the afternoon ?'' 44 Well, I think I saw her on the bridge above Mona's Bower, with — with Alan Graham, some hours ago,' Alice answered. ' I was on the upper path at the time, on my way to Judith's cottage. I havo not seen Melanie since then.' 'With Mr. Allan Graham— in such a place 1' Miss Katherine — whose ideas were old-fashioned — exclaimed with almost a shocked look. ' Alice, my deary you should have joined them. Melanie does not perhaps understand the usages of Eng lish lif« — and , remember, she is your guest ; so you are, in a manner, responsible for her.' 'Oh, I daresay she'll be in presently, Aunt Kttherine. Perhaps, indeed, she is already in her room.' ' I sincerely hope so,' Miss Katherine said; and Alice withdrew* to ascertain if such was .the case or not. Melanie's room was, however, empty, and Alice felt puzzled, and vaguely alarmed aa well. The sinister form of that foreign-looking stranger — his peering attitude in the wood this afternoon — his presence at all, indeed, in the neighbourhood ; what did these foots imply 1 Was Melanie's abaonca now to be associated in any wise ' with that unknown intruder? And Judith Drire'a mysterious agitation; what did that mean? lue girl pondered over these matters, a* * ' afte mechanically dressed for dinner, having | \- ; dismissed Sarah Winter, as she usually did when anything was weighing upon her mind and she wished to be altogether alone. '-- , And, as the minutes went by, a feverish anxiety that Melanie should return filled Alice's apprehensive heart. But seven o'clock came — balf-pSPst seven — eight, and still no sign of Melanie. Dinner had ., already been delayed half an hoar, but now it was served at last ; and with pale anxious faoes Miss Kutherine and Alice took their -places at the table. The Squire had retired to his own room hours before, so that Alice and her aunt were tete-a-tete. They spoke ' ~ - little during the meal, and when they entered the drawingroom shortly before 9 o'clock, Alice's eyes instantly fell upon a letter lying on the floor just beside one ot the few windows looking out on the terrace. \- She stooped and took it up, then uttexed an exclamation of surprise. ' Why, this is Melanie's handwriting !'' she cried, ' Somnbody must have lifted the window and thrown in a letter, or could she hive left it here, this afternoon, before she went out I1' In great excitement Alice tore open the envelope and read what the letter con tained. It was in French, and was to the following effect': — - .' My Dearest Alice, — I told you hsfc ni;ht that I should make my full con fession to you tn-day ; but my courage again fails me, and I beg of you to wait just a little longer and grant me a brief respite. I will write again from abroad, when matters have adjusted themselves somewhat. Alice, I am leaving the neigh ' borhood this evening— and I am not going a'one. Need I tell you who my com panion is? Nesd I reveal the name of the loyal champion who has stepped forward, at the most critical moment of my lifp, and proved himself my frieDd indeed i I speak of Alan Graham, Alice, whose wife I have promised to be. You may wonder why I should ran away in this furtive manner ; but an unlooked-for daneer has suddenly arisen in my tangled path, and immediate \- flight is my only chance of safety. Alice, good-bye, for the present. My love for you shall never change. Mr. Harold Daring will explain to you one or two things that may -have -'puzzled and antoyed you sinoa my arrival at Verner Hall. That you and be may enjoy a happy future together is the fervent prayer of your loving friend, 'Melanie. ' P.S. — Will you kindly send on my be longings to Paddington Station, London, on Friday, addressing them to ' Mrs. Alan ^ ^ Graham,- and I shall see that they are ' called for. I will soon write again. — M.G.' Alice read this letter twice over, and then, in utter silence, handed it to Miss Katharine. « Why, this is incredible !' that lady cried, as she read on. 'Oh, oh, oh! I never heard of such a thing — nev6r ! Alice, my dear, is it all a hoax ?' ' No, I think not, Aunt Katherine,' Alice anRwered, after a pause. 'I must say that I was unprepared for anything so sudden as this; but it is no revelation to me that Alan Graham loves Melanie, and that she is willing to be his wife.' 11 But what in the world that she mean by this remark as to Harold? What hos he to ' explain ?' And why should be be mixed up in any way with — with that girl?' Miss Katherine asked,, almost . - sternly. ' I really cannot possibly answer these questions, aunt 1' Alice said,. suppressing a ' cry of distress. t: Make what you will of her letter. I know no more thin you do ,of her secrets. Perhaps to-morrow may bring further light.' And shortly aftei this Alica withdrew, and returned to the drawingroom no more that night, nor did she put in an appear ance on the following morning at breakfast. She felt a nervous inability to reply to the questions which, as she perfectly well knew, Miss Katherine would be sure to ask her. She therefore breakfasted in her own room, and shortly afterwards rose and dressed hurriedly, and stole downstairs and out into the grounds. It was a blustering morning, with fitful sunshine and scudding clouds. Almost mechanically Alice's foot steps carried her to the wood and along the well-known path to Mona's Bower. Her eyes were lowered to the earth, her hands were clasped together. She was ? - endeavoring to disentangle tho twisted ^ threads of the puzzling series of events of , '~ the previous day ; and, for the. time being, she was unconscious as to her surroundings. ' '.And thus, abstractedly, she had readied ' tho entrance to Mona's Bower, when sho ?suddenly started and was recalled instantly \ ' to thfc pfosJont. Harold deling sat oa tub 1 -* ' ' ' bench within the arbour, his face buried in his clasped hands, his entire attitude and the disarray of his dress indicating a state of mind bordering on despair or frenzy. 