C£HE LIGHT THAT CAST O SHADOW. CoUnons stories are told a?hout the powers possessed by certain natives of india, whi live uopamOng tth HImoalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the mest of the world knows nothing about. IatelyaGerman professor visited the " adepts," as these qoeer Hiudus are salled, for the por pose of finding ost the secret of their remark. able perlormanoes. They treated him rather aasrviy, hot istereoted him all the sane. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manousoripts. As adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were b .The place sta dark as the bottom of a "I can't see to tad here," said the visitor. "Then we will have some light," was the reply, nd immediately (the proftessor saysla soft, pearly light brightened the cave. le could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality-it cast not the algh?st shlaelolw. This a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learolug and high character, and yoe who now read it have no reason for doubt ecreept that all the lights po haVe seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbe lief commonly ruts parallel with one's own experienen. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the aecount of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lae ghost. A mao who has been ill for years, and tailed to find a care, is sceptlnal hee friends oell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his elperienee? Take an example: "In the spring of 1888, writesoor corres pondent. "( fell into a low, weak, ant languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and xl ter eating I bad pain and weight at my chest. I was much troubled with wind, sod Ireesontly spat op scout fuid, also hitter bile. Later on I suffered from servossnes and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, bht had always a sense of dissomfort. Off and on I continuied in this way'for two ears, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I beard of Mother ieigel'elyrup, and pro. cured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ;my .food digested, snd gradjally all nervousness left me. Although I had noreason at fitstto feel any confidence in . 'this medicine, never having used it or seen It used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery, for which I thank Mother esigel'a CoratiVe Syrop, I have been in the beat of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Grifitho, tailolr and outetter, 151, Hockley Hill,HBlrmingham, ,]rc5B. 1895." Where Is a deal of ltliferenee between ftr. riffith's oandid letter and the story about the light that east no shadow. The latter maybe troe enough, bht it cannot be vorified without *more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand, we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of itaqiry, and can be found at his adress. Finally there is nothing mystlc or magiodl saboato Mother Seigel'seCurative Syrup. Ites en the theory that most ailments are bht cymuptoms, forms, or phases of that ouitersal lisease--tndlgeatt sand dyspepsia; it cures. tbat, and throws the light of health and ,appiness over .hesths ond homes where 4illness and pain had east such dark and terrify *i g shadows. And thatis why people believe alt that is told of itescess by eager witnesses. 