DIVERS AND SHARKS. SOME THRIELlisO • kX'Ptiin 1 EXCESS. Bivers v.-bo have been -down in foreign semis' tel! of exciting ..eni- ou/Uei'.-: with • shark*-.- But it appeal* that "the demon &i; flu? sea," v.-itli all its Voracity, is a litlffe timid in'. pros-_-i:.ce of the strange creature Unit wears a shining helmet, witfr the eye of a Gorgon and a long plume or hissing air-bubble*. A diver who spent some years at the Aus tralian'pearl fisheries describes in this way his first encounter with a 'shark:— "I felt instinctively," he says, "a strange presence before T saw anything. The small fish usually founcl'in great, numbers among tin- corals had en tirely disappeared, ajftl the-•absence -of these flitting little companions, when one .' ' has become' accustomed- to them, pro duces the effect of intense stillness. "A creepy, indefinable sensation of dread took bold ut‘ me, and it became one of downright terror when T turned and saw. within ten feel of me, the hulk ' of an immense shark.. The cr<?a,Utrt-;Uiy : almost motionless, half-hidden among.. ‘a mass of cobweb corallinejfr,- Sly fir/st'-" thought was to be pulled up: but as fish have human' nature enough to want a thing as soon as they see it is being taken away froin them, I rejected the idea. A sweep of its tail, and the great lish and I were face to face. "Holding my breath, I stood perfectly • still, my heart beating wildly and my eyes rivettfkl on the wiclted eyes . and cavernous mouth‘of the shark. X felt' ..A that tlie monster was ^inspecting me witli some curiosity, and after a. few ' .moments X- became aware that by;an A almost imperceptible motion' ot’ its' flexible'tali it was gradually approach ing ine. Nearer and nearer came the' leviathan, the shovel-shaped nose point ing directly to my face-glass. Flesh and , ..blood'could stand it no longer, and with a yell I threw up my arms. Instamly there was a swirl of water, a cloud of mud, ancVmy enemy vanished.” Another shark story.- this time from the West Indies: “A large steamer,” the diver relates,-"had struck-on'a reef and then slipped off into deep water, taking with her the mails and a valuable cargo. There were some papers that were par ticularty wanted, and X was in the cliart rooin under the bridge working for ' them when suddenly, as I turned, X saw the wicked snout of a big'brute between me and the door. I went creepy all over, I can tell you. But I kept still and so did lie, except that he worked a fin lazily, like a screw steamer holding . on against a tide. I got the knife jn. my belt loose, and waited. The shark evidently did not know what- to make of me, and gradually drifted over to the other side of the room. I began then to move towards the door, and had nl- • most reached it when the shark made a 1 sudden rush in the same direction—and disappeared. Which of us got the bigger fright I don’t know.” . But encounters with' sharks don't- al ways end so. Some years ago an English diver, who was at work on a sunken wreck off the island of Biego Garcia, had a visit from the same shark every day for a week. At first he had no trouble in scaring it away; it was enough if he gave a turn to the escape valve in his helmet and let out a little'' air. But at the end of the week it had become very troublesome. The diver signalled for a knife and a looped rope, and then boldly held out his bare hand as a bait to the shark. The monster came on with a rush and Was turning on its bfc.ek when it was stabbed by the diver, who then passed the loop round its body and sent it up to the surface. A cool head should certainly be included! in the equipment of a man who seeks to earn his bread in the sea. Tlie story is told of a diver who saw two ghosts, “full fathom five” under the surface. He had gone down t o the wreck of a large steamer, and was cross- .. ing the main saloon when two grey shapes of enormous size came shambling towards him. He did not wait to make notes for the Psychical Society, blit gave the clanger signal, and was at once pulled up. Told in the cheerful light of day, it seemed rather a lame story; and another diver went down to see what he could make of it. Towards him also came the shambling grey shapes. He stood irresolute for a moment, and then, going boldly forward, struck hw hatchc-t through—a mirror!' The ghosts were only a dim reflection of his own legs, much enlarged, of course, a.9 every- . • thing is that a diver sees through the great frontal eye of his helmet-. 