CHRISTIAN BROTHERS' SCHOOL, ST. MARY'S, EAST ST. KILDA. The annual speech day and exhibition in, connection with the Christian Brothers' Schools, St: Mary's. St. Kilda, was held in the Town Hall, St. Kilda, last Tuesday night in presence of a large gathering of ladies, and gentlemen, including many representative citizens of various denominations. The Very Rev. T. Lynch, T.P.. presided, and amongst those occupy in: seats in the vicinity of the platform were—Revs. T. Quinn, R. Collins. and M. Costello, B.D. ; several members of the Christian Brothers' communities of Melbourne East and St. Kilda ; Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald, M.L.C.. K.G.G. ; Dr. A J, Kenny, K.G.G. : the Mayor of St. Kilda (Cr. A. V. Kemp), Cr. E. O'Donuell, Mr. Frank Duffy, LL.B., Dr. M. F. O'Sullivan, Dr. F. O'Sullivan, Ib'v. Bro. O'Shea (Superior of the St. Kilda community), Messrs. J. O Halloran. W. H. Gunson, etc., etc. The following was the programme .: —Part I.-" Song of the Gipsies (T F. Seward), Class. Recitation, "Wallace ati Falkirk " (Weir). Junior Elocution Glass. Musical Drill, Racket®, Sub. Juniors. Song. " In Happy Moments" (Wallace), Master W. Hyland. Musical Drill. Dumb Bellfi, Juniors. Scenes from " IJamlet. — Act I.—Scone II.—" Hamlet becomes aware of the Appearance of the Ghost." Dramatis- Persona*-Iving, M. Bourke ; Queen, F. Failon : it' 1 inlet, J. Toohey ; Laertes. J. TllTpps ; Osric, T. Pennefather ; Ghost, ^ . Gonrl"k; Bernardo, J. M'Coi-maek ; Horatio, G. Rogers; Marcellus, T. O'ConneW ; Attendants, S. Keoue and H. M'Cooev ; Pages, J. M'Quade and B. Fitzgerald. Scene from Hamlet- Act I—Scene IV.-"The Ghost Appears." Song. "Who Fears to Speak of Ninety-eight" (Dr. Ingram), Master B. Garslake. Part Il.-Scene from Hamlet.-Act V.-Scew Il.-Hamlet and Laertes settle Quarrel—Hamlet is •'•wounded with Poisoned Foil—He in turn mortally wounds Daerte»-Deam of Kinar, Queen, etc. Song, " Glory to the Men of Old " (Faust), Cites. Re; citation; "The Death of Absaloni , (Willls^iaBteE gMjf 1 t««J Drlll.-Glubs, Seniors. Song," What a Charm ims the Drup " (Anon), Class. p-jjUce, Highland - Fling, Masters F, Fallon, H. M'Cooey, A. Joyce, G. Gaitskell, F. Bullock, and W. Walsh. During ttlie progress of the entertainment the applause of the large audience was frequent and enthusiastic. The various numbers, musical, elocutionary. dramatic, and athletic, were adnHiniWy gone through by the students. Some really clever acting was witnessed in the productions of " Hanilit." Act. I., Seencs II. and IV.. and Act V.. Scene II. Special abiiitv was displayed by J. Toohey fllamleii and (i. Rogers (Horatio i. The staging and mounting of the piece and the costumes of the several characters wore ail that the most fastidious critic could desire, and a.distinct success was achieved in this division of the entertainment, which ran smoothly throughout. Some fiivst- cla.ss fencing was witnessed in tho quarrel between Hamlet and I.acrtes. whilst the dying charge of Hamlet, to Horatio was a capital piece of acting, which so impressed the audience thai, the curtain had to be raised to allow the spectators to renew their enthusiastic. applause. A recitation. "The Death of Absalom," was a masterly effort for so young a lad. anil elicited special prai.se from one of the speakers of the evening. "' Who Fears to Speak of Ninety-eight '.-" was enthusiastically received, the young vocalist. (Master B. Garslakei being encored. Bro. O'S'liea read the annual report, as follows:—Rev. Chairman. Ilev. Fathers, Ladies and Gentle-men.—'The passing away of another scholastic year, which brings us together once again, affords me an opportunity of presenting you with our annual repori, by which you may see the present state of ottr school, and the work rhat has been done therein during the past twelve months. Though class rooms have been recently erected, the larjre infill?.' of new boys will make it necessary in the near future to provide further accommodation. I may here mention that we reached our higiu-st attendance this year. As religious and moral training, with regular attendance and strict observance of sclioK-l discipline, are the great factors of success, nothing has been left undone to promote these essentials ui the education of the children committed 10 oik care. TJie conductor the boys has been very satisfactory, and their regular frequents lion of the Sacraments has been a. source of gratification to all who are most interested in their spiritual and temporal welfare. In the accomplishment of so much good we acknowledge our great indebtedness to the uniform kindness of Fr. Lynch and the oilier pi-'ests of Si. Mary's, who have ahvay.s jakvii the liveliest interesi in Hie welfare of the boys. Since last report Richard Keane and Robert Coates passed the Matriculation examination. Tho success of our old boys is naturally a source of gratification to us and I am pleased to mention that the degree of Master of Laws has been conferred on Mr. John Hogan. Mr. Patrick Toohey has passed his first year articles. and Mr. Thomas Coaklcy the Engineering branchi of the Railways: and last, but certainly not least. I may mention the name of the Rev. Henry Bnkker. who after a brilliant course in the Ecclesiastical College of Manly, has been this year raised to tihe dignity of priesthood, and is now a zealous and successful labourer in this pnriaon of his Master's vineyard. About 90 per cent, of the boys examined by our school inspector passed the requirements of the programme of their respective grades. and were accordingly advanced to higher classes. Physical drill and gymnastics have been regularly taught during the year, all ages receiving due attention in this important branch of their training. -The drawing classes, too, have done excellent work, and an inspection of the specimens of their landscape views, exhibited in the hall this evening, will show, from correctness of outline and skilful treatment, of light and shade. that these young artists are year after year gaining more power over the pencil. and acquiring a keener appreciation of the imtportiince of this useful and most refining accomplishment. Our best thanks are due to our asuipiant and visiting masters for the deep interest they have taken in thenclasses during the year. I hare also to thank the Mayor, the Town Clerk, Mr Brown, and the members of the Council for the kindness and courtesy ail ways shown to us, and the ladies and gentlemen, who have so generously contributed to the prize fund. In conclusion, I beg to thank you all for your presence here to-night, and tv» wish you a Joyous Christmas and a Happy New Year. ^ , ,, The reading of the report brought forth frequenti bursts of applause. Fr. Lynch expressed the great pleasure he' felt in listening to the annual report. It. would be vain on Ws part to-attempt to criticise the Items therein mentioned. To criticise a perfect piece of prose or poetry 'was an impossible thing. He was in the happy condition of riot being under the necessity of making a. speech, because there were present on the platform warriors in the noble cause of Catholic education, who had followed it with a. zeaH worthy of soldiers of tihe grand old Church. It would, therefore, be unbecoming in liim to give a speech in the presence of veterans who had fought this good tight so well. (Applause.) It. gave liim SUit, me pleasure to be associated Willi ihe Christian Brothers. (Applause.! In everv land they held a foremost position in edtieali'unal results. in sending up students for the Universiiv cxaiuiuations they always achieved siieces's ; but Hie dominant idea of tilie Hrot.hers \v,Vs to turn out bovs tilted in '•very way to fight Hie battle of Hie. 'Applause.) Achieving that result was a sjiu'ce of consolation t.o the Brothers, an advantage to the boys, and a joy io their parents. Wilh good reason, therefore, all those present sincerely wished Hie boys and Brothers a very Ilappy Christmas. /Applause.) ilr. Fitzgerald had a very pleasing duty to perform—one that required no words of his tfo commend it to the audience. ii w;<s to propose a vote of thanks to their pastor, Fr. Lynch, for presiding. (Applause.) Tlie words uttered by the rev. genHcman ineulogv of the Christian Brothers were well deserved, and fell on willing and deeply sympathetic ears. iApplause.) The presence in such large numbers that evening of the parents and friends of the students shdwe-d that they were entirely satisfied with the progress made by the boys, and that they were ready to congratulate Fr. Lynch on having the religious and secular education of the youth of tlie parish in such able hands. (Applause.) Years ago. when the Brothers first settled in iiic parish, he. in common with other Catholic parents, felt delighted at the prospect of having a school to which Hi.-y could safely entrust their children, i Applause, i The parents felt that from the Brorln-rs iheir children would not fiii!.v receive a practical, commercial, and classical education, but knew that any system of education which did not. lu.-lude a religious element eojld n'it be complete or symmetrical. iAp- 1 lanse.i There did not exist a nobler ofiiee than that of teaching. As an eminent writer had put. it—" No unformed hand should touch tho siring that vibratr s in eternity." (Applause.) So religion should be taught in tho si hool in a practical and completely effective form. (Applause.) Some, people were content tio have in the school the shadow of religion, insioad of the substance—an open door, as it were, for various religious opinions : but the Christian religion did not. admit of restrictions or of doubt ; therefore. the child was to l>o safeguarded from every threatened danger to its faith. (Applause.) That security was to be found in the schools of Ihe Christian Brothers and other religious teaching orders of the Church. (Applause.) As one of i)jc veterans who had seen much of the success achieved by the Brothers, it afforded him special pleasun.' to have witnessed the pathos, sympathy, and force displayed by the young student in Hie recitation of •"The Death of Absalom." (Applause.! The manner ; i which that piece had been deliverer was sufficient" proof of the high c;.".:ility of the training Imparted to iheir pupils 1 y the Christian Briitliers. (Applause.) lie desired to congratulate the Brothers on this evidence of the progress of the school, of which be felt proud. (Applause.) And he desired to join in wishing the boys a happy vacation, and trusted that lliey would have "a good old. lime of it." ITe wished the same 10 Heir indefatigable teachers, whose gram! principles radiaie:l blessings which il was impossible to fully realise. (Applause.) They taught the boys to carry the banner of uprightness. and the principles thus, instilled into tho mind of youth Would bear fruit after the veterans had gone to their rest, (Applause.) Whatever honours attended 1he path of the boys through life would redound credit of the Brothers. In^o^igiymr-, lather the Brothers. Hicir/psstor, /Wjd .. his colleagues, he fMrj.,I<tn!gf®a.ld) " know that he voiced ther.-'mfjid.flrf all ' present, who rejoiced in having such able teachers, and that Catholic education was in such competent and willing bands. (Continued applause.) Mr. Duffy, in offering his congratulations to their good pastor, fi It himself in the position of a certain member of Parliament who was wont to endorse all that his leader—Wm. Pitt —said by exclaiming,-"! say ditto." He could unhesitatingly say "ditto to Mr. Fitzgerald." (Applause.) He regarded if. as a pleasure to be present: and witness the success of the teaching of the Brothers. A3 they ail knew, the boy was father 1.0 the man ; hence the importance of a proper and complete system of education for youth. (Applause.) It was said that, the king never dies, and so was it. with the Catholic community, for it never dies, (Applause.) Of course, one by one we drop away from this world, just as water sometimes drops from n great reservoir, whose source of supply is inexhaustible, and so is it with the Catholic community. It is a community which is noted for its intelligence and keen perception, and also for its firm adhesion to Catholic tenets. They should remember that those boys were one day to become meu. and what was so important as their proper education V They should become worthy Catholics in the future, and how could that end be best reached ? By a sound education. Audi where could it be received ? Was it uot in the Brothers' schools V In bis own profession of the Law he knew of a young man who had come from the Brothers school, and his equipment proved that there could ue no system so well suited for preparing a man for the world. That system armed his intellect, his character, and his morals, and when they had a man acting up to -;uch a high .standard, they had one who was a credit, to any community. (Applause.) In conclusion, he wished to refer to the kindness and general goodness of their esteemed pastor. It was a great thing to have a clergyman at. Hie head of the parish, whom they very much liked, and in whom they placed the fullest confidence. (Applause.) No matter how devoted a. priest might be to his duties, it must lie a pleasure for nim to knowthat his efforts were appreciated by his flock. (Applause.) Fr. Lynch thanked all present for tlie reception they had g/ven to the vote of thanks. He desired to thank their worthy Mayor and bis fellowcouncillors of St. Kilda. (Applause.) He had had experience of corporate bodies, and could say that be had always been treated by the council "in first 1'a.shion!." They were always willing and ready to place the Town Hall at their disposal for the annual break-up of the school, gratis. (Applause.) The Mayor and councillors would always find their great, kindness appreciated and returned by the Brothers, boys, and priests of St Mary's. (Applause.) The Mayor, who was very cordially vc,ce:jred. expressed his pleasure as Mayor of tho city at witnessing the performance, which was a revelation to him. He congratulated the boys and their teachers on the great success of the entertainment, which reflected much credit on their Iatwurs. (Applause.) The gathering was one of the pleasantest of the year. It closed the scholastic term, giving the teachers a rest, and the scholars entered on a wplcome vacation. He wished the Christian Brothers, the scholars, and all present a Merry Christinas and a Happy New Year. (Applause.) ntlZE LIST. High School.—Matriculation Class- Patrick Keaney (dux). Thomas Pollard, Victor Conrick, Leo. Sheehan, George Rogers. Sub-matriculation Class—James M'Cormack (dux), Thos. O'Connell, William Coustantine, .Tames Phipps, Thomas Sherman, Alex. Madden. Chas. Ryan, John Noonan. Sidnev Keane. Order of Merit.—Sixth Clacs—Rupert Conrick (dux). Harry M'Cooey. Arthur- Joyce, Hairy Wallace. Thomas Day. John King. David Hennessy. James Hopkins, Richard iO'Sullivan. Cletus Treacey. James .^Griffin, George Palmer, Patrick Casey, John Walsh, Thomas Pennefather, Frank Fallon, Willie M'Cooey. Fifth Class—James Flanagan (dux), John Cahill, John Murphy, George Tustin, Thouias Took, Joseph Iveogh. John M'Callum, Ralph Isaa,cs, Loo. Rogers. Fourth Class—Brendan O'Sullivnu (dux), John O'Connell. Lois Collard, Thomas Bell. James Curric, Frank M'Cooey, Gilbert Millano. Guy Stirling, Leslie Canty, Michael "White, Robert Barclay. Frank Cook. Willie Ryan, Rupert Millane, Maurice Hyams, John M'Quade, Ray Keogh. Third Class—Augustine Tivacey idux). Brian <FitzGernld. Sebastian Treacey, John Barclay. Basil Roardon, John Harris, Joseph O'Sullivnu, Fred Richarils, John Moloney. Primary School.—Fifth Class—Second Year—Michael Grennan idux). Frank Bowler, Harold Howes. William flyland, Martin Murphy. First Year- John Koaiie.v (dux). Thorns Daltou, Sidney Langoveldt, John Doyle, Owen Murtagb, Eugene Carroll. Fourth Class —Higher iJivision—James M'Mahon (dux), Francis Carol.ui. Edmund Carroll. Cyii Ruhr. Edmund Fitzgerald. Felix Hanlon. Lower Division- Alex. Howes ul«x)- Thomas Tumor, Cecil Squires, Daniel White. Andrew M'Grath. Third Class—Isaac Miller (dnx). John M'Kittriclc. William Virtue. Gordon Clements. John Mora 11, William Justin. Lawrence Jnstin. John Sheelian, Joseph Rohbie. Albert A11- saldo. High Second—Bertie Billings (dux), Reggie Debeawregard. George Stanley. Con. Mulcahy. J. O'Donnell. Bertie'Woolocott. Lower Second^T. Kellv (dux). T. Hayes. E. Farrell. Roy Ryan, L. Honnessv. J. White. Higher First—J. Cahill. G. Squires. M. O"Connoil. D. O'Halloran, .T. M'Cormack. S. Miller. F. O'Halloran. D. FitzGeiald. Lower First—W. Desmond (dux). F. Costello. F. White. F. Coyne. J. Wbolan. S. Langeveldt. The Christian Brothers return their sincere thanks to the following ladies and gentlemen who generously contributed towards the prize fund :— Verv Rev. T. Lynch, r.P.. Hon. John Gavan Duffy. Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald. Dr. M'lntyre M'Gregor, Messrs. A. Tobin. Jas. Hogan. F. Wimpole, E. O'Donnell. J. O'Halloran. • Buckley. F. Conrick. J. Hegarty. Mrs. D. P. Keogh. Mr. W. Rigg. Mrs. Lyell, George Robertson and Co. 