THE MISSING HEIR OF CALLONBY, Br Mbs. G. Sheldon, Aathoress of "Dorothy's Jewels," "The Slashed Bridal, Etc. CHAPTER IV. " OH, PAPA, XT SEEMS LIKE A PRISON 1" The next morning early, Madge, with her father as companion, started for the distant city where she was to resume her studies. She went with a much lighter heart than she had thought possible pre vious to the denouement of the day be fore. And well for her it was that she did not see a pale face, with its dia bolical expression and steely eyes, emitting sparks of fire, gleaming at her from a window opposite, as she tripped down the steps of her stately home, when, after kissing her hand lovingly to her mother, she entered the carriage, and was whirled rapidly away. It was a bitter struggle for her to part with that noble mother, who had ever been companion, counsellor, and guide ; she was her idol, her pattern of excel lence, her confessor, as it were, in all troubles and trials. Her father she loved dearly, and was his especial pet and iov. but he was necessarily absent from home so much that comparatively she saw but little of him. Mr Dispeau was the second son of Count Engene Albert Dispeau, of one of the provinces of France ; an impoverished nobleman who possessed nothing but his title, with an estate heavily mortgaged. These, after the death of. the old count, descended to his eldest son, Eugene. The second son, Albert, having only a few hundred francs, which he had inherited from his mother, and too proud to be de pendent upon his brother, who possessed scarcely enough for himself and family, gathered together his substance and de parted into a far country. In other words, he did what hundreds of people before him had done, came to the United States to make his fortune. Going upon the principle of "never venture, never win," he invested his all in a promising speculation, and trebled his money in less than three months. He invested again with a like result, and so went on pros pering until the time our story opens, when we find him a very wealthy man. In the meantime he wooed and won a lovely and accomplished girl, who brought him a substantial marriage dowry. But his brother, the count, upon hearing of his marriage, was deeply incensed, not withstanding the lady's wealth. He de tested " plebeian blood," and the know ledge that his brother should so lower himself, offended him deeply, and for years he turned a cold shoulder upon him, refusing to hold any communication with him or his family. But Albert Dispeau, after some years, learned through some friends who were travelling in Europe, that hi3 brother, during the years of their separation, had become more and more impoverished, his estates more encumbered, and in fact his family was suffering for the simple neces. saries of life. Albert Dispeau, forgetful of self and all the scorn which he had received from his brother, with all his noblest feelings aroused, left his family, taking one-half of his vast fortune, and seeking his kins man, relieved his necessities, lifted his mortgage, and settled enough upon him to make him independent for life. This magnanimous act, after so much previous abuse from the elder brother, broke down every barrier. The haughty nobleman sued for pardon, weeping like a child. He found that an alliance with " plebeian blood " had not contaminated Albert Dispeau, nor robbed him of one single noble sentiment, and he pressed him to bring bis beautiful wife and child to his native country, and settle beside his ancestral castle. But Albert loved well the land of his adoption, its democratic sentiments, its noble public institutions, and above all, because it was an asylum for poor, oppressed wanderers, who, seeking a refuge and a home upon its friendly shores, could obtain comforts such as they had never before possessed, and even rise, by perseverance and worth, to positions of honor and distinction, with out so much as a question being asked concerning birth or blood. So, having seen his brother happy and relieved of care, and occupying once more that position in the world, to which his title gave him a right, but which hereto fore he had shunned on account of his poverty, he bade him an affectionate fare well and returned to his noble wife and to his adopted home, bearing with him the count's heartfelt blessing and restored affection. Notwithstanding that Mr Albert Dis peau considered himself purely demo cratic in his views, in his secret heart he was very proud of the noble blood which fiowed through Mb veins, and this pride was inherited by his daughter, although she very rarely mentioned it, as related in a previous chapter, she possessed too much native good taste to boast of what, in this free country, could do he. no good ; but it 13 strange that her busy brain built many a little ro mance upon itB foundation, until her pretty head grew dizzy with visions of counts and noblemen bowing in homage before her peerless charms, until at last one more more noble and worthy than all should win her for his own, and thence forth she would be my lady the countess, or perchance even a duchess 1 It was a foolish little dream, was it not ? Yet she spent many happy hours in weaving its golden threads. Father and daughter have been long on their journey, while we have been indulg ing in retrospect, but with a sweep of the pen we will overtake, and learn if it be well with them The twilight shadows were deepening when they drew up before the portals of the Seminary, and the lofty buildings looked gloomy and sombre to Madge in the gathering twilight. She clung to her father's arm as they ascended the smooth granite steps, and a little shudder involuntarily ran through her frame as he pulled the bell which rang through the spacious hall within with a sharp clang, clang 1 " Oh, papa, it seems like a prison al most," she said, stifling a little sob, for already she had begun to tMnk of home and mother, and a dreary homesickness was settling down upon her. " You cannot tell, dear, in this dismal light. I doubt not, by to-morrow's sun light, that you will pronounce it a most delightful place," he replied, cheerfully. The porter at this moment made his appearance, and upon Mr Dispeau giving him Ms card and inquiring for the prin cipal, led him into the reception-room, which was well-lighted and made moat inviting by a cheerful coal fire in an open grate. "Ah, this is truly comfortable, is it not, little daughter ?" asked Mrs Dis peau, as he approached to warm his chilly fingers, while Madge, an atom more cheer ful, seated herself in a low rocker near the fire, and put her little feet upon the polished fender. The principal soon entered, with Mr Dispeau's card still in his hand, and greeted them most cordially, and pre sently the door opened again, and a dark- eyed, sweet-looking woman entered, whom the gentleman introduced as Ms wife. She won Madge's impulsive heart at once by her amiable manner and the deli cate way in which she came forward, un fastened her cloak, and removed her hat, and it was not many minutes before the young girl's tongue was loosened, and she was chatting with the principal's wife as if she had been the friend of yearH, But her heart gave a great bound, and the tears rushed suddenly to her eyes, as Mr Dispeau arose to go ; then, calming ing herself and calling her will to her aid, she thought : " I will not be a baby any longer ; I will conquer this wretched feeling, and if I am to be a boarding-school girl, will be one with my, whole heart." So, with asuspicious lump iu her throat, but with a calm and self-possessed man ner, she took leave of her father, follow ing him from the reception-reom, through the great hall, and saw him go out into the darkness without shedding a tear. Then seeking the principal's wife again, she asked : " Mrs Raymond, can I now be Bhown to my room ?" " Certainly, dear, at once, and I will go with you myself, instead of calling the matron, as it is so late. I tMnk you have a very pleasant room, too, if I remember right. What number did you say it was, Mr Raymond ?" she asked, turning io her husband. "No. 47, I think," he replied, turning to a list which he held in his hand. "Yes, here it is, ' Miss Dispeau, No. 47.' It is a corner room, with a bedroom ad- joining, from each of which you will have a most delightful view ; your father selected them when he was here before. Good-night, Miss Dispeau," he added, shaking her cordially by the hand, adding, smilingly; "I trust you will bravely drive away that dreaded ghost, homesick ness, which usually haunts our pupils during their first few days with us, and have pleasant dreams instead." Madge smiled, though it was rather forced, as she returned his " good-night," and then followed her sweet little guide. Her room she found most comfortable and cozy, for her father had adorned it with several beautiful pictures and little nick-nacks, hoping thus to dull the edge of her grief at leaving home. She began to be quite reconciled during the half- hour which Mrs Raymond beguiled her with her merry chat, but when, after her gentle kiss, the door closed upon her, and Madge was left alone, with only her own thoughts for company, the old homesick ness came back, and throwing herself upon her bed, she sobbed in an utter abandonment of grief, until wearied be yond even tears, she arose and prepared to retire for the night. CHAPTER Y. A CHARITY. SCHOLAR. Wearied more than she had realised by her journey, and more than all by the tears she had shed in such abundance, Madge slept very late the next morning ; that is, very late for the hours which are kept at Seminary. Neither the dressing-bell at half-past five, nor the breakfast-bell an hour later, aroused her from her deep, dreamless slumber. It was only after sharp and repeated knocking at her door, that she was awakened ; and she started up, looking around with a "half-frightened, wholly puzzled countenance, it took her a mo ment or two to collect her scattered senses and realise where she was, then hastily springing from her couch, she slipped on a wrapper, and approaching the door, she asked : "Who is it?" "It is I, Nora McNeal, and I have come to tell you that breakfast is ready," was the reply, in the sweetest yet saddest tones that Madge had ever heard. " Good-morning, Miss McNeal. Come in, please, and tell me something about this horrid place, while I dresB - T nfijfj be long, and I hate to go down to brXfi fast alone. There," she added, aEp quickly scanning the young lady's f " I knew by the sound of your voice tX| the sight of your face would do me for I am almost wild with homesicknK Ah, do come in 1" she continued, as young girl shyly hesitated; "indeeli won't be long." gy v Nora McNeal entered at this coraj) invitation, though with something jp ' shrinking, timid air, and seated herjg in a low rocker by the window. Ip. She was small and slight, yet beajjk' fully formed. Her complexion was clq£ with the faintest tint upon her clieefig" and she had large, sad blue eyes, wlS there was an expression of patient sorrS- about her full red lips and in the sgpt smile which hovered there, that wa& straight to one's heart. " How handsome she is ; but I won&. what great sorrow she has had to m£v. her look so like a mourning Baint ?" ripr Madge's iDward comment, as her quuk eye noted all this at a glance. - "My name is Margaret Dispeau, though Margaret is too sedate for mK' so I am called Madge ; it is but proper I should introduce myself as I haw discovered your name," said our heroine; - smilingly. ' ' Yes, I knew you were Miss Dispea. and you think this is a ' horrid place ' <k| you V' answered Nora McNeal, faintly returning her smile, while her brown eyqp-r rested admiringly upon Madge's abundant brown hair, which her nimble fingem,. were swiftly dressmg. , " I don't know why it is, but I hav imbibed a strong prejudice against thil particular school, and if you can disabusA.- my mind of it I wish you would, 1 turned Madge. " You can hardly have had an oppor. tunity to judge as yet," answered Nora £- "we who have been here some time,- think it a lovely place ; the prospect from. this hill is delightful, and your rooms are. some of the pleasantest in the whole|-. building," and she -glanced wistfullyf around, heaving a little sigh at the L same time. £ " Oh, the place and prospect are well V enough. I was thinking of it principally j, as an institute. But .how long have you been here 1" ; " One year ; and this is the beginning of my second ; I shall take up the studies of the first year in the collegiate course this term." " And do you intend to graduate! - " Oh, yes, I am fitting myself for ar- teacher," replied Nora, with another sigh, and a sad far-away look in her lovely blue eyes. ; " How many teachers are there here,;., and are they pleasant ones 1 ' she asked ,, as she signified her readiness to go down to breakfast. "We have ten besides the principal .. and his wife, and I think all mean to , be kind, though of course there are somo . who have their peculiarities." " I suppose the rules are frightfully P strict, and every species of fun is ta - booed," said Madge, who was b6nt 011 f knowing just how far she could go and , escape the much-dreaded rules. " I do not think our rules are any too - strict considering all things, and we find , much to enjoy — at least most of the girls . appear to," and here Madge noticed , another faint quivering sigh. " All things, from the way you empha sised the words, means, I suppose, that you have in the school some wild ones, like myself perhaps, who need strict rules and strict watch," retorted Mad ge, with a roguish smile, and considerably comforted with the thought; then added ; " I expect I shall get into disgrace daily, for I am one of your irrepressible ones. I did not like to come here one fie j but i' waa 80 or(ered by the pater- I ejus, and therefore I have made up I ,'giod to submit gracefully, and have | jjjj legitimate fun possible. By the £ « Nora— please let me call you so, fi seems so formal." -M 'i'with pleasure, Miss Dispeau " 6 "So, no, my dear friend, that is too ' -i/ided altogether ; my name is Madge, \ jeober," and Bhe linked her arm in .1 companion's and smiled playfully. ist," she went on, "I was going to ' here's your room?" "fy room, last term, was in the ; sire building, up four flights, but I aired a half sort of promise that I «ht change it for a better one thi3 g. I fear, though, I shall be dis- -ointed, as there are indications that ii school is going to be very full." "(Jp four flights ? Good gracious 1 I jjold think it would kill you !" ex- i £aed Madge, in amazement. " Have a a room-mate ?" "So— 1— I have not," she answered, biking painfully. "Iam right glad you have none, and :i shall not drag your weary little feet jfour flights of stairs any longer. I like h, little Miss Nora, and would like to ire you come and share my room." "Do you?— would you?" she said, gerly, her whole face glowing with lased surprise. Then it as suddenly kded, and she added, hesitatingly, '1 should be very happy, and you are ay kind, but — perhaps it would not be Sit." "Why not, I should like to know ? I oppose the girls have a right to choose ieir mates." " Oh, yes ; that is if they come in sea- 1B." "Well, I have come in season, and stall claim that privilege ; therefore I ioose you, unless, indeed, you object." "No, no, my dear Miss Dispeau. I could not do that. It would be delightful for me to share your room, but " — a blush of shame crimsoning her brow, and the tears starting to her eyes — "I may as well tell you first as last that I am known here only as a ' charity scholar that is, I come here and do extra work sufficient to pay for my tuition. They must have some such person to do a little of every thing, and as I wanted an education, and had no means to get it as others do, I applied for the situation. Most of the girls look down upon me, though I have some friends who are very kind to me ; still it might not be pleasant for you to have a room-mate whom others de spised." " More shame to them, then, and all the more reason why 1 do want you, Nora dear," replied Madge, with ready sym pathy, adding : " Say, is it a bargain ? I know you are a quiet, demure little body by your looks, while I am a wild, unmanageable girl, and shall need you to keep me straight. Really, my dear, it would be an act of mercy on your part, though I warn yon beforehand you will have your hands full," she said, laughingly. Nora laughed too, and promised. Madge Dispeau was irresistible when she chose, and her gaiety now wa3 con tagious, while it had been manv a long day since little Miss Nora McNeal had looked so happy, and felt so joyous as at that moment. By this time they had reached the dining-hall, and it was evident from the well filled tables that Madge had been the only delinquent on that morning, and she felt a thrill of homesickness creeping over her again as she beheld so many strange faces. Nora led her to a seat at her own table, but though she was hungry and tried hard to eat, the desolate feeling that she was a stranger among strangers, together with the ordeal of sitting beneath the battery of so many curious eyes, nearly overcame her, and that obstinate lump in her throat would rise up and choke her, and she re solved that as soon as breakfast was over, she would fly to her room and have another hearty cry. But upon arising from the table the principal's wife sought her out, and in troduced her to several young ladies, and she soon found out, much to her satisfac tion, that there were other morry ones in tho world besides herself. It did not take her long to become ac quainted, and her list of friends increased very rapidly, for every one was eager to know the beautiful and elegant Miss Dis peau. The day passed more agreeably than she had anticipated, and she was surprised when the bell rang for tea. After tea, she stood talking with a group o. g r s n rue (.imng-iiau. jixrs Upton, the matron, approached and asked if she had found anyone yet whom she would like for a room-mate, and she very much surprised that worthy lady by replying : "Yes, ma'am. I have chosen for my room-mate the first young lady with whom I became acquainted — Miss Nora McNeal." " Horrors 1" whispered a bejewelled and befrizzled piece of vanity behind her, who had admired Madge excessively, and who had aspired herself to become het room-mate, " she is going to room with that Trish charity scholar 1" Poor Nora, who wa3 at that moment passing with her arms full of dishes, shrank back as if struck a heavy blow. Madge swept haughtily round, and flashed a withering look upon the malicious girl, saying scornfully : " Ts Miss McNeal of Irish descent. She probably came of a high family, then, for she is exceedingly lady-like and refined, much more so than some who maliciously wound her feelings. I for one am very much pleased with her." Little Miss Frizzlepate subsided entirely at this pointed rebuke, and although many bright lips were curled in scorn that Madgo should interest herself so warmly in behalf of the poor, despised girl, ^no thing more was said. Their sneers she did not mind in'the least ; she was a host in herself, and wholly independent of what they might say concerning her choice, inwardly re solving that for tho future, if she could prevent it, Nora should not be the poor, ill-treated thing which it was evidentjshe had hitherto been, Mrs Upton, Madge could plainly see, was greatly influenced by popular opinion. "You are at liberty," she said, coldly, " to choose' whom you like for a room mate, Mis3 Dispeau, only there will be no opportunity for a change after to-day." S " Fickleness is not one of my failings," I returned Madge, laughing good-naturedly, 1 and trying not to mind Mrs Upton's hard tones, "and Nora it shall be, if you please." Mrs Uplon bowed in a dignified man ner. and moved away without replying. She was not very well pleased with the spirit of independence which the "'new scholar " manifested, and she had no sym pathy with poor, friendless Nora McNeal, as the future will show. i The girls, to use a vulgar term, turned up their noses, while at the same time ;'they inwardly respected Madge for the ! stand she had taken ; they instinctively felt that she would be a leading spirit among them, and that henceforth Nora would have a champion whom it 'would not be wise to defy. Thus the "charity scholar" found a firm, true friend, and from that time she was to know more of comfort and happi ness than she had ever experienced since she entered the school. ? (To be Continued ) 