STAGE, SOM AND SHOW Saturday's Changes. " Hamlet" at Hep Majesty's. If attendance and enthusiasm may be ac cepted as evidence, Henry's Dramatic Com pany have attained a widespread fame, the end of which cannot, so fax', be foretold. In city and suburbs, night upon night, and year upon year, triumphs are attained In melo drama of the modern, sensational ordei'. The piece staged at the Royal Standard Theatre, Castlereagh-street, on Saurday night was "The Little Detective." The audience took the opportunity of giving Miss Billle Howarde a vOcifei'ous welcome upon her return from the countx-y, and during the evening some beautiful floral tributes were presented to this popular artiste. The scenery was. par ticularly lavish and imposing. "The Little Detective" is a piece of the thi'illing oi'der, permeated with blood, blue-black with the conspix-acles of modern Babylon, flash-fired, with mortal hate, redolent of sin,, sorrow and deep, dark mystery. The house had its sen sations quivering l'ronx start to finish. Vil lainy consumated Its purpose in the second act in a "murder on the lake," but after a: succession of pei'ils the "Little Detective" scored his tx-lumph on behalf of snow-clad virtue and civic peace. The vei'satillty of Miss Blllie Howai-dc was shown' by her as suming no less than six extremely diverse characters with, great success. Mr. Robert Henry was the villain, and he succeeded in sustainng a difficult and prominent part. The humour was .provided by Mr. Poole and Mr.' South, and other members of the company were quite up to their standard. Commenda- tlon Is due to Mi'. W. Coulter, the stage mana- ;ger, and. Mr. Henry Douglas, the -scenic me- chanist. The suburban programme, of course, continues as usual. Another week of success was closed at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night by Mr. and" Mrs. Bland Holt and their talented company with the "Cotton King." After a fortnight's, run this play, with its thrilling story of mill life, and its beautiful representations of mid land scenei'y, is as popular as ever, and stand ing room only is available nightly In all parts of the theatre after the curtain rises. In the part 9f Benjamin Tuppei', the dyer at the mill, who is all right, although to look at him you would think he "had the blues," Mr. Bland .Holt adds, another to his long list of success ful representations, and is ably assisted— as he always is— by Mrs. Bland Holt, m the task, apparently an easy to them, of provoking laughter and pro viding enjoyment to their audience. They are well backed up by the other . members of the company, and although another piece is I? PfpPftratlon, as this is to run as long as there s money In it, the next production Is In the very dim future. Harmston's splendid circus artS zoologla of performing wild apimals says farewell to ,thls ,week' Sydney's loss will be Adelaide s .gain. The present week affords the only . opportunity for visiting this most excellent of shows, which is witnessed in great comfort in one of the largest, -and certainly the best appointed, tent yet pitch es in Sydney. A large audience assembled on Saturday evening; and greatly enjoyed the varied and delightful programme pre sented, which included the appeai'ance in the arena of Mrs. Harmston-Love with the educated hoi'se "All." The Rio troupe were seen in their graceful Graeco-Roman statu ary, and Miss Violet Brandon, with limelight' , effects, contributed the rainbow dance. A pi-ominent feature was the clever Acte le Echelle by the Warren Sisters, the approval of the audience falling unmlstakeably upon this item, and upon the good work done on the triple bars by Sig. Martini, Sig. Bysack:. and W. Aldean. The somersault riding of. Gilbert Eldred, and, indeed, the whole of the' numerous equestrian acts, were deservedly' well received. Signor Gomez, with his char acteristic intrepedity, entered the cage of the leopards and -panthers, handling them with startling freedom. Then there was the fine performance of the artists Hakata and ICota, the splendid battoute leaping led by .Gilbert Eldred, the graceful performances of Mdlle. Annette on the thin wire, the special ties by the Koe Troupe, the performance of the educated elephant Babe, Master Willie' :Harmston-Love's clever riding, and a 'n'um-" ber of other items, which made up a pro gramme as attractive as it was varied, and of a . standard of excellence in which the most critical could find no fault. It would be something new to drop Into the Tlvoll and find that it wasn't ci'owded. The bill of fare is always of the best. That is something which may always be relied upon. And being always relied upon, the house is always full. The Clarence Sisters, Lizzie and Maggie, clever young Australian song and dance artistes, made their first ap pearance, and succeeded in establishing themselves flx-mly in the favour of the audi ence. Mi'. Austin Rudd turned on some new comic songs, and seoi'ed heavily. Miss Lizzie Kirk also had new songs to sing, and sang them well. Another new featui'e was "'The Yachting Song," by the sextette, Misses Wilson, Cowan and Bolton and Messrs. Aus tin, Bradley and Barrlngton. The clever Kel- lino Family, who are now in their last week, as usual delighted the audience with their marvellous acrobatic performance; and the three Haytox-s, who have entex-ed on their last week but one, wei'e again seen In the absurdity, "Fun on a Farm." The Tiller Quartette, Miss Eva Lee, Mr. Frank Leon, Mr. Wallace King, Mr. Clarence Lyndon, the burlesque artists Faning and Devoe, the' song and dance specialists, Messrs. M'Kisson and Mooney, Mr. Bert Bradley, Mr. Sanx Austin, and Mr. Jake Friedman, contributed to a programme which excelled in excellence. Mr. Harry Barrlngton presided In his always happy style over the artistic first part, en titled "Federla," and, as usual, excellent work was done by the capable orchestra, under the eonductorship of Mi'. Owen Con duit. The weekly matinee was attended by a large and appreciative audience. Mr. Wilson Barrett's appearance in "Ham let" on Saturday night was made under con ditions the most eneoux-aging. The house was crowded, the applause generous, and the final Imperative call at the fall of the curtain, late as the hour was, proved that the pre sentment of the part of the melancholy prince had found high favour in the minds of the audience. In his version of the distraught young man, Mr. Barrett proved that he could give forceful expx- ession to the passionate and fervid feelings of the soul with an im- pi'essiveness and effect that found x'eady and sympathetic x-esponse in the minds of the audience. In the Ghost scene his mood was marked with such awe and dread and unde- finable fear as made him hang spell-bound on the words of the parental spirit, and list in horror to the tale of murder which the ghost unfolded. And anon, when the revelations of the play-scene called up accusing spirits in the heart of Claudius, Hamlet behaved his part with becoming assumption, entering in to the spirit of the enterprise with zest and eagerness. In the more subdued passages with Ophelia he clothed his moods with ten der grief and reluctant determination. Mr. Barrett's Impersonation, taking it all In all, was a well-studied effort, particularly in the passages which called for the qualities of passionate pourtrayal and effective declama tion. Some exception might be taken to a slight tendency to melodramatic mannerisms and hasty indistinctness at the end of each sentence, but every actor lias his peculiari ties, and It would be surprising If Mr. Barrett were without any. His "Hamlet" may not be broad based upon traditional lines, but it is none the less acceptable for that. Suffice it that the popular pulse beat In accord with his sympathetic x'enderlng. Miss Maud Jeffries e.s Ophelia was not seen at her best. Her conception of the part does not rise to the full possibilities of the character, yet withal she gave a pleasing intex-- pretatlon which won for her many tributes of applause. Mr. J. Carter-Edwards impart ed all the necessary dignity to the part of King Claudius, his delivery being particu larly clear and his mien commanding. Mi'. Horace Hodges was aumirably suited as Folonius. Mr. T. Wigney Porcyval, as LaerteB, gave a good avei-agc l-enderlng of .the part. Mr. Edward Irwin played tlxe Ghost with due lmpi-esslveness, and Mr. Am brose, Manning, as the first gi'avedigger, was , very effective. Miss Llllah M'Carthy's Queen Gertrude fulfilled all the requirements. .The other parts were capably filled. It Is not a matter for surprise that "The Tree of Knowledge," at the Criterion, should continue to draw full houses. The play Is replete with passions which occupy a promi nent position in the composition of most of us. ' Love of a kind Is the central character istic. The woman with a past, likewise the man, , the calculating man of the world, the innocent maiden, the doting mother, and the slmple-mindei', open-hearted man, who live generally in the fancy of the playwright, are all X'epresented. The play Is undoubtedly a most .powerful one, and presents many ele ments of psychological study'. 