Little Letty Lamington. Story of -Australian School Girls. SPECIAL, FOR ' CATHOLIC PRESS.' Chapter IV.— Adblb Gets Into Trouble. 'Now, girls, you must have everything ready, and begin your paper straight away at two. I'll ring the small bell at five minutes to the time, and be sure and answer it promptly,' said MissSwartly to her class, before dismissing them in the dinner hour. ' Such a glorious afternoon,' she remarked, as they passed out. The morning had been showery and dull, and no one was allowed out at 11 o'clock for play, though murmurs of discontent were whispered trom one to me puier. uux- cnere were not many bright faces to be seen on the lawn when the sun came out, and the puzzle was where to find them. If you were to search for a twelvemonth and a day, you wouldn't be able to discover Jenny, Letty, Elsie, or May Marlow. Since the book disappeared only one sewing lesson a fortnight was allowed. The intervening Thursday was devoted to a strict examination , in two subjects. These were the new regulations settled upon a? a punishment for the offence, and in addition, each night they foiind extra home work on tlie board, and twice the usual amount of lessons. V Well, I don't think the book is worth all that,' said Letty, when she was taken by surprise the first evening. ' But still it is worth everything to tormont ' Smithy.' I won't give up the book, Jen. Wo'll wpit and see how it all ends,' she concluded with laughing eyes, drawing her oxer6ise,from her desk, and beginning straight awajj^iyith her work. In order to distinguish May Marlow s name from May Smith's, they agreed' to nick name the latter ' Smithy,' shortly after her arrival, and she became so accustomed to it, that she never answered to anything else, and the sooner the 'new boarders took it up the better for themselves; ' I don't care a fig^ if* we never have a sewing lesson again. Do you, Jen? It's a consolation to think that we can get out every afternoon at four o'olook,' Letty whispered confidentially to her friend as they waited baok so as not to be heard by the rest, who were going round to the refectory , in answer to the tea bell. ' Yes, Lot, — but about the exams? Are ? you going to study for them or not ?' 'Why, that's the very thing we must talk about. I've been 'thinking that we should try and come top in every subjeot. It would be the greatest fun Mn the world ! Wo must do anything in the line of study to put Smithy in her place, Jen. She imagines that becaiise wo lot her have all the marks to horself for tho last couple of months, that wo'ro all behind, and will have no ' ohance in tho exams. , but I'll ? ' Thoy barely had time to slip into their plaoos, whon it was announoed that tho doors were to bo closed, and tho lato (ones looked out. 'Wo won't go down to tho fig-troo, for thore would bo too many about to interrupt us,' Letty said, continuing the conversation whon they got out aftor tho silent meal. 'Still, I don't know where we could go. Yoa ! Jon, if you will only come. I never thoxight of it until now, and we unust tell Mlsie and May. Why, no one would dream of looking for us in tho rooks.' ' Forbidden 1 Yos, but it's no harm whon we'ro only going there to got away from tho noise and to study hard, Jen.' ' Never mind about anything olso. We'll all share tho rosults if wo'ro caught,' re marked Elsie, encouragingly. Away thoy wont tho next afternoon, eaoh carrying a oouplo of books, down the steep 1 inolino uohind thosohoal. Thoy crept along by the fonoe and slipped through an opening whioh1 Lotty made by pulling aside a loose '. , ' rail. Outside, huge rocks from a noighbour ing quarry woro lying in numbers. A little below thorn lay a road loading to a quiet ;'?? ' suburb not far' distant. Then beyond that V ' again the rivor ran and diyidod tho distriot. J1 Everything was very quiet down by the ','',-;' rooks. Very few passod along tho road at i\ midday, and when they found now charming l«,. f and Bourot tho place was they determined never to miss a day. In going down and 'Hi ? roturning thoy usually wont ono by one and ?\t in difforont directions, and always landed l'-,'-|', , out of clangor at aquartor to two. j;j,. Miss Swartly was surprisod to see tho ?'? '?'?', ' progress tho four woro milking* though she iy'. seldom gavo a word of onoouragomont to /,'.:i,.', anyone May Smith did her boat to watoh j:',''\ thorn, but didn't suocood in finding out their !';, , nooks and corners. v No mattor how entiovng the weathor, thoy .'f,'! '?! never neglected their study and bravely kept '} '' --, tho resolution made on the doorstop of the 'i\\\ , ?ohoolrpom. Aftor Miss Swartley'a warn ?!-., ?? ing on that bright Thursday afternoon they were studying with more diligence than ever. A history examination was- to take place, and all the past reigns had to be studied up. ? May Smith had a bad memory for dates, and she was afraid of being defeated. As soon as school was dismissed, she sat alone under the willow tree near the infants' class room. But she was not long there when a little girl ran up to her saying : ' Miss ? Harrington says she will pound your books May, the next time they are in our room. Isn't this yours ?' ? ' How did this book get into that room ?' she mused When she grew tired of history and found herself alone again. ' I will just pay her out, and perhaps after all we may have sewing instead of this dry history exam.' Here her train of thoughts was broken by the sound of the bell. 'No more time to prepare for 'the exam., Smithy. We have to leave our books in our desks and go out on the balcony,' said Elsie Raymond cheerfully, as she ran up the side walk alone. ? ' Who told you we are to have it on the balcony ?' ' . ' Why, you must have studied too much. Didn't you hear Miss Swartly telling us this morning? We are to have the desks from the juniors' class-room out there.' ' Yes, yes, I remember now. I was thinking of something else when you spoke. Listen, Elsie, does Letty Lamington know the dates of all the battles in the back reigns ? I've just been looking over them. I'm sure I know all the principal ones.' ' You'll find that you're a bit too sure about things one of those days. Do you know that we are to be far apart, and Miss Swartly is going to walk up and down the balcony all the time. I believe she heard that some of the girls had their books .open under the desk in the geography paper, and I Wouldn't be surprised if we had to do another one. It would be quite right, I think. But .I'm not going to ask for it. The sooner this exam, business is over the better.' Without making, further remark Elsie hurriedly slipped into the line near Jenny. ? ' ? ' 'Does she know about the rocks, Elsie?' 'No, Jen, and I don't think she ever, will, when we have kept it a Beoret so far. We throw them all ofl the track when we never come up together.' 'Hush!' whispered Letty, 'Miss Swartly is oolleoting all the books. I'm delighted !' As soon as they were taken up, Letty led the way and they all followed in line through the long schoolroom, and then out on to the balcony. Four desks were arranged on it, and striot silence was to be observed there. Something dotained May in the school room, but it was unnotioed, for she was usually behind time in every lesson — always romaining baok to bring the ohair and class book, or turning everything upside 'down in the table drawer in searoh of a piece of chalk, while a long stiok of it lay in the curve in the front desk. But thore was nothing to reasonably detain, her on the examination days. Everyone else was seated, and before the papers vvero given out Miss Swartly examined the. desks to see if the books woro seoure. Jenny always oooup'ied . the first desk in the front row, and until a week or so baok Letty's place was next, and Adele Arm strong used the third desk ior her books. But Jenny and Letty were holding a con versation, during an arithmetic lesson,' and at once Adole was told to separate them, and move all her books into tho second desk. The ohange was hard to bear. They had sat together for months, and no one noticed when Letty returned to her old place for half a day or so, until eventually she remained there altogether, but left her books where thoy were. After examining the desks, Miss Swartly came out to tho class, flushed and appearing very cross. She told them to re main in after the papers had boBn oolleoted. ' I have a littlo matter to speak about,' she said, and then gavo the papers round. 'I wonder what can it bo?' they all thought, but no one dared to speak. Letty and Jenny looked at each other as much as to say, ' Time enough to trouble about it whon wo hear it. It's not going to interforo with our work.' Tho majority seemed a little troubled and eager to hear the news. But the gonoral ouriosity wore off as the hands of the olook wont round, measuring accurately tho time allowed for the exam., annd besides Miss Swartly had very often something of iiri portanoo to spoak about, and thoy were always disappointed when they hoard it. May Smith wasn't able to set her mind to work at all, and by the time the teacher struck the gong she found that she had only answered two questions. All the papers were handed up, but the silence remained unbroken, and not until the school was empty were they allowed to fill their class desks where they were to hear all. One looked at the other with questioning eyes, and in the two back desks questions were asked in subdued tones. While Miss Swartly was locking up the papers, Elsie Raymond ran up to Letty and said : 'I wonder did old Charley tell that he caught us taking some of his brown sugar this morning ?' Her eyes were bright and smiling, and her lips rippling with laughter. She had a keen sense of humor, and the laugh which escaped from her lips attracted Miss Swartly's attention. The chair in/front of the desk was to be occupied by Elsie all the time, and she was to sit with her baok to the class as a punishment. The severe expression of Miss Swartly's countenance struck terror into the hearts of the eleven occasionally. iShe was tall, with shoulders slightly curved (from hard study, ?I suppose), pale face and plain features. The small grey eyes were protected by a pair of gold rimmed spectacles. . You couldn't be a judge of her age— she was so thin and wiry.' The continual frown had furrowed parallel lines in her forehead, never to be effaced. Now and again you might find her in a happy mood, and for the time being you'd imagine she was yours to a cinder! But.no one troubled very much about her, and she was generally left to herself and the exam, papers. 'If you don't want to remain here all the afternoon, you had better make up your . minds to keep the silence, and pay attention for a few moments,' she remarked in shrill tones, looking from Elsie to the others, and deolining at the same time the ohair offered by May Smith. Then she said after a brief pause: 'Adeio Armstrong, why did you take this book,*1 and keep it in your desk all, this time?' -\ .'. .? ' . ? The blow was too much for Adele. She had patiently waited all the afternoon to hear the leoture ,' somebody ' was going to get, and she was unprepared for the Bharp glance of Miss Swartly's eyes. She ^stood rooted to the spot, and all she could do was to look over her shoulder at May Smith, who was sitting with folded arms in the end desk behind her. No one thought of the book, and everyone pitied Adele. ? The echo of her low, deep voice sounded through the room, as with large tear drops resting on her prominent rosy oheeks, she declared her innooence. But all she could say wouldn't satisfy Miss Swartly. 'Don't make it worse by denying it,' she said. Ono look from Lotty told Jennie to keep up the joke. Not a ghost of a smile betrayed them. ' Perhaps somebody put the book - in Adele's desk,' said May Smith, fearing that Adele blamod hor. 'Nonsonso ohild ! How oould that be? I found it half ooncealod under a pile of books in her ilosk. Somothing made me suspect hor all along. You can oxpeot anothor Biirpriso this day wook Miss Adele, and come to mo this evoning at rooreation timo.' ' I do bolievo Smithy did that Jen. She must have found tho book, and in her excite ment put it in Lotty's old desk, forgetting that it 18 Adele's now.' 'Elsie, that ia just what I thought all the timo, and it is the .very reason why I wouldn't acknowledge that I hid it,' Letty. said to her confidential friends after, the trial. 'Why do they always suspect us, I wonder Jen ? Did you notice how they all looked in our direction when Miss Swartly, spoke of the girl who hid it ? If they don't blame me they blame you — one would think' we were the only two capable of doing any thing out of the way. I nearly laughed . when I saw Adele doing the weep. It seems a pity that she is blamed.' 'I'm sure it is Smithy's work, and that's what delayed her before the exam.' 'I don't think she answered many questions, Jen. Whenever I looked at her she was chewing her pen handle, and look ing over at us out of the corner ?- .'' Don't spoil the joke Let, will you ? It won't do Adele a bit of harm to bear this,1 and she can afford to lose a bit of her colour if she is going to fret over it,' said Elsie,, lightly. ? ' ? ' She'll never forgive Smithy,' remarked Jen. 'Did you notice how she looked at her, and I overheard her telling Alice Courtney that May Smith must have told Miss Swartly that she found it in her desk.' 'Oh! don't worry over that, Jen. A - bull's eye or half an apple will heal up the wound. Adele and Smithy are always at war and yet you ' seldom find them separated,' said Letty. 'I'd advise you to keep at a* reasonable distance1 from them.' ' Not at all ! If we never got the' blame she wouldn't say that she put it in Adele's ' idesk by mistake. I wonder what Miss Swartly is going to do next week with Adele? Probably make her read to us I ' Isn't it awful to think of it? I'm almost tempted to hide the book again, Jen, but perhaps it is better to wait' and see what she intends doing.' — (To be continued). ' ' MARY AGNES, RYAN. ? ' a . , ?mm~mmmms, ' ' Hundreds would never have known want ' if they had not first known waste. — Spur- gebn. ???''.- The Swift maohine has a list of racing men now that any oyole track oould be well proud of.' Bobby Walne, the Australian ohampion, Jaok Parsons who defeated Zimmerman, Jimmie Carpenter, the Austral winner, and numerous others are representative men, and help to form the grand total. Relph, the long distanoe record, breaker, also rides this Dunlop-tyred maohine, and attributes all his late suooesses on the Sydney track to its \ speedy and healthful influence. We should hold ourselves ready to be something or nothing to sooiety, as may seem possible, but, d,t all events, to be something and muoh to ourselves. For him who thus preserves his independence sooiety reserves her ohoioest treasures. She gives him what in solitude he could never obtain — the power of expressing his true self clearly. Alone he may gain knowledge and self -discipline; but it is only in sooiety that he learns the art of self-expression. There are few men who do not want to do some good. Maybe there is often more of selfishness in their desire than love of good ; for must we not be oivil and respectable ?' It is very neoessary to seem so, anyway. To go the length of Christ's requirements in this, and 'do good always unto all men,' requires the grace of God. Is it not, ' Do good sometimes . unto some.' Thore 1b honour even among thieves. It is not 'Do- good to all men Bometimes.' No man of any timbre but has been ready to do it of ton. The measure is, ' as you have opportunity.'1 