AUTSEN'iIGATED GHOST STORY, . , \- - ?♦?' ? In the whole record of so-called 'super-natural appearances' Ithere ia not ono which is more thoroughly authenticated than tho folding : — John Copo Sherbroke and George Waynyard wero two officers in the Thirty-third regiment, and «t the time of tho extraordinary occurrence here re lated the regiment were on service in Canada. Ono evening, as usual, they went into a little room adjoining Wayn ward's bedroom and commenced read ing After a few minutes Captain Sher brolce looked up from his book and saw standing in the doorway of the room ,a man who was a perfect stranger to, him, At a loss to account for the intrusion, Capt. Sherbroko turnod to his com panion to ask if tho stranger was an acquaintance of his. Waynyard was as pale as death, and apparently inoapable of. speech. Seeing this, Capt. Sher broko made no effort to stop the figure, which slowly crossed the apartment and passed through a door leading to Wayn yard's bedroom. As soon as the man was out of sight Waynyard recovered his faculties and cried out, 'My brother!' l?Your brother I' repeated Sherbroke. 'What oan you mean, Waynyard? There must be some deception. ? Follow me.' ' ? ' ? -. They wont into tho bedroom, a room from whioh the only possible means of exit was the one door already referred to. Thoy found the room empty, This incident producedl a profound impression among tho ofh'oers of the regimont who knew that both Sherbroke and Waynyard wero sober, cool-headed men of unblemished integrity. Wayn yard declared that tho apparition was tho spirit of his brother, and expressed tho conviction that his brother was dead. When time had elapsed sufficient to allow inquiries to be mado it was di«- covered .that he had died on the very night on whioh his spirrt had appeare'd to the astonished officers in Oftrada. Of the two witnesses of this strongo episode ono became General Sir John Cope Shorbroke,G.C.B., and t.ia ether Lieut.-Col. Waynyard, of the Twenty fourth Light Dragoons. Underground London contains 3003 miles of sowers, 34,000 miles of tele graph wires, 4530 miles of water mains, 3200 miles of gas pipo. Tha question whether a rector has a right to preside at vestry meetings haa been decided, in the Queen's Bench' Division in favor of tho reotor Tho enso arose in the parish of St. Ann, Blackfriars. It was shown that for 50 years before 1887 no rector had attended the vestry meetings, and be betwo'en 1660' and 1898, outof 1485 ves- try meetings held the clergymen had attended only 212. It was sought to make out a custom by which tlio1 'fSejaiq* church-warden presided, there by1 overruling the common law prin ciple, that gives the ohairmansbip to tha incumbent. 