Slaves of Iii« Lamp. Br lUrtiVAKu Kiruso. I. * Boetlo ! You're oppressed alli insulted *<td tmlliud by that Ixngt King. Dju't you «r«i itt: . ; ' Lfave in« alnnp 1 I can write some more |«>otrv u'ajnthim if I am, t suppose. ' * Muí ! Quite mad ! ' -mi.I JStulky to the vi»iti>i«. «a-on« ..xliibittug »'Miivi* t«eaaU. .Huelle rvads ,ft,u aa« filled Browning ¡ind JU 'Turk re-atlrt a>h .aaa ca ll el Hoskin ; HII.I-' ' Kuakiri "isn't, .au asx," Haid .McTnrk. * He'a aliixwt aa g<«i<l aa the Opium Kater, He »»ya ' wrt're children of tio'ile races trained l,y surrounding am' That UIMIIH lue, and Uie way i depilated the atndy when you two l>adgt>ra would haye »tuck up hraukeUt and Ohriatmaa cania.' Child of a nollie rac«, trained hy" sui rounding art, ».top rending, or I'll shove a pilchard down your neck !' 4 It*.s two t>i ono, ' s-iid Stalky, warningly, mid Beetle olo-o-l the twiok, in ut>e<liftice to th« law under which he mid his c.iinpaiiiotia ha<l Heed for nix checkered year*. Tho^viaitora lo.iked ou delighted. Nitni l»er- Five nt ody lind a reputation for more variegated inaanity than the rest jf the school put together ; and so far as ita cod» aVowed friendship with outsiders it was polite and open- hearted to ita neighbors ou tlio'aanio lauding. I ' What rot do VDU want to do now 5* ' said I Beeile. 4 King ! War 1 ' nt i J McTnrk, jerking hi» head toward til« wail, where hung a »niall wooden West African war-drum, a gif» to McTurk from a naval uncle. 'Then wo ahull be turned out of tho atudy again, ' aaid Beetle, who loved hia fleah-|tota. ' Maaon turned ua out for juxt warbling on ir.' - HaaXiA waa- the mathematical master who had teaUitird in common-room. 1 * We' couldVt hear ourselves speak in our atudy when you played tho infernal thing. What'a 'tho g'»») of getting turned out of your study, anyhow T ' " , ¡* . «We livod in the form-itmiui-for i we*lr, too, ' said Beetle, tragically. 'And it waa beauly cold. ' * Ye-es, hut Mason'» moms were Glind "with rata every day w» were ont. It took him a week to draw the inference, ' said MoTuok,, ' He loathe* ruin. Minute lin let ila go back - the rata stopped. Manon'« a little »hy of tia now, (mi then; was no evidence),' .Jolly well ilium wasn't, ' said,-SUlky, ' when 1 got out on tho roof and drop [aid til« heaatly tilinda down Ilia Chimney. But look here, question is, are our charactejs good enough just now to KU nd a study row l-'c Í ' Never mind mine, ' aaid Bootle, 'King «wear* 1 haven't any. ' ' I'm not thinking of you, ' Stalky teturned, scornful ly. ' You aren't going up for the army, you old hat, I don't want to tm ex- pelled--and the Head's getting rather, shy of u«i'too. '' -?'?. .-'??>« .; .Rot'!' said McTurk. ] Tho Head never expnle «xct*pt for lieastlineaa or atualing. But I forgot ; you and Stalky aie thieves regular buiglarn. ' * The visilora gasped, but Stalky inter- preted the parable with large grins. ' Well, you know, that littlo beast Mandora minor aa w Beetlu mid mc ham men II' McTurk'a trim lr open in tho dormitory when we took his watch last month. Of course Mandera sneaked to Mason, and Mason aelomnly .took it up na a caa« of theft, to got even with «in alanit the rats. ' ' That delivered Mason into our hands, ' .aid McTnck, blandly. ' We were awfully nice to him, 'cause ho waa a now master and wauted to win the confidence of th« hoya. Pity he draws inferences, though. Htalky went to bin study and pretended to blub, and told Mason he'd lead a new life if Mason would let hin off this' time, but Mason wouldn't. Said it waa his duty to report him to the Head. ' 4 Vindictive awine! ' said Beetle. . It wa» all thnan rats ! Then I blubbed, ton, and Stalky confeaaed that he'd been a thief in regular practice for six years, ever since he CJime to the school ; and that I'd taught him -a I« Fagin. Mason turned while with joy ; thought he had us on toast. ' 'Goigeous! Gorgeous 1'said Dick Four. 4 We never heard of this. ' if 'Course not. af aeon kept it jolly quiet. / He wrote down all our sUttoinenta on iinpot !. M»or. There wasn't anything he wouldn't believe,' said Sulk ly. . And blinded il nl|:up to the Head, with : an extetii|K)re prayer. It took about forty K |atg**s. ' said Beetle. 41 helped a lot.' .And then, you crazy idiota f ' asid Atenazar. / « Oh, we were acnt for ; and 8ulky naked in h»i> the ' d»|KM¡tiona ' read ont and the He vi knocked him spinning into a waste- paper basket. Th**n he gara us eight cuta apiece-wellers-for-for-Ukin' unheard , of a\lN*rtina with a' new tnnatar. I a«w Ilia ettoutders shaking when we went out. Do 5oat koyw. ' «aid Beetle, pensively,' that I a »on oan't look at na now in second lesson . without blushing ) Wo thiee «taro at him aoma'tirne's' till he regularly trickles. He's an .awfully sensitive I «eus». ' ? He read" ' Kric, or little by little.' aaid McTurk ; ' so we gave him 'St. Winifred's, or the World of Sci ool.' Th -y «pent nil j f'eir spare time Mealing- at Kt. Winifred's, who i they weren't praying or getting drunk at tothe. Well, thal was only a week «go, and th« Flesd's a little hit shy of Us. Ho called, it.conjunctive devilry. Stalky in >ct>»«Ni it ail. ' "Not the. Ional good harlin.' M row with n matter II II liv»« you can maleo liiiu ridiculous, ' ?*¡<l Stilky, «atended ait raw on the heartb rn-*. ' If Mmmtn didn't know Nnmlair ¿Five ."..well, he'sb-urul, lliat'a all. Now. my dearly hal ired 'ea re ra ' -»talky curled Ilia leg* mular him «ml addressed tim company we've K'II that strong, perseveriu' man King ? in our danila. He went miles ont of Ilia way . ' ». provoke a conflict.' ( Hete Stalky anappad down th« black silk domino and assumed tho .ir of a judge. )': 'He lias oppressed Beetle, McTurk, and mr, privatim et seriatim, on» tijt oriana* ti« aiuh^ catch us. But now ho lita instilled NuiiîÎaîr Five up in the musio r-xian. «nd in th»-preemie* of thea*-Aneae esaeifna nf the Ninety-third, wot look like li .îrd aaaera. B"'ij*mln; we mtiat make him «»y'Ceplvi'I' Uta I ky'a reading did not include Br>wnin« *o+ Ruskin. ' And beatties,' aaid ¿Ut-« maj . bV* a Jfhiliitiue, a.baakat'bang«r. HÉ weirs A ttrutt ti« tUtciti tara »ny ena that *Mr» H Urti« tin, willi wltiiotit döiihti he damned everlastingly.' . Butru. McTurk, *" «sid Terttos ;. "j thought ho «vus only * hes st.' ' . Ho'« that, too, of ooitrafl, but lie.'« worse. He lisa a chiim lutsket with blue ribbons and « pink kitten on it, hung np in his window t» grow musk in. 'You'klioir.': when I gol all that old oak earvin'out ot" Bideford Church, when they were restoring ^t (Hoskin mmjn «ny man who'll restore. a. Church ia, an un- mitigated sweep), »nd stuck it-up hera with gluot Well, Kiiii; caine in and wanted to know wlieiher wnM done it with a fret-saw ! Yahl il« is th« King of twskwt-haitgera 1 ' Dowii went .McTmk's iuky thumb over a» imaginary arena full of blooding. Kings. ' Plaoetne, child of a generous raoo 1 'he cried to Beetle. J 'NV'nll,'begsn Beetl^doubUilliy,' he coinés j from Balliol, (nit i'm going to give the beast a chane«. You seo I can ulwava make him hop with some more pont ry. He can't ro|M>rl me to the Head, because it nukes him ridicu- lous. (Sulky's ij.iito right.) But ho shall have his chance. ' Beetle opened his book on the table,nm his fingers down a page, and began at random: "Or who tn Mnicoir toward th* Czar, W'i-h th« deiniiraat of footfall*. Over th» Kremlin'» pavement whit«, With aorpontitio and syenite. Steps with live otilar generale-" ' That'« no good, Try another,' said Stalky ; ' Hold on a shake; I know what'a coining. McTurk' waa reading over Uootle'a shoulder. ' That sintalUnwualjr take snuff. For oach to have prêtait enough And korphiefwiea unfold hie sash, Which-eoftnas* ' self-it yet the stuff (Onnitny 1 What a sentence !) To hold fast where a eteol chain snape And leave the grand white neck no gash. (Full «top.)' . - ; ., Don't understand a word of it, ' aeid Sulky. * Moro asa you ! Construe,' anid Mc Turk. ' Thosn six Johnnies scragged the Czar, and left no evidence, 'Actum eal' with King.' ' Ho gave ino that book, too,' said Beetle, licking his lips: ' There's s tatt in Galatians, Once you trip on it entails Twenty-nine distinct datnnstions, One sure if another fails.' : i Then;irrelevantly;. . >¿ Í ' Seteboe ! Sal« bu ! and Stitebos 1 Thinketh he liveth in th» cold of the * He'« just come in from dinner" laid Dick Four, looking through the window, ' Man- dora minor ia with him.' , Safest place jfóV him just now^aeid^lWtle. ' Then you chapa liad hotter clear out,' aaiil Stalky politely lo tho viaitora. 'Tisn't fair to mix you- up in a . study row. i Bernde, we can%t afford to have'evidebc«.' ' Aro you going to begin at oucet' said Aladdin. ' Immediately, if not sooner,' s«id Stalky, and turne«) out the gas. 'Strong, perwiveriu' man ia King. . Maka him cry ' Gapivi.' «U'way, Binjamin.' ' . Ti,n company retteatnd to their own neat and HpHciuus study with expectant noola. ' When Stalky Mows out his uoatrila like a horse,' said Aladdin tn the Emperor of I China, ' hii'a on tho war-path. Wonder what I King «rill set,' * Boaus,' «aid the Emperor. ' Number Five alway* pays ¡II full.' 1 Woiulor if 1 ought to take any notion of it officially,' «aid Almnatar, who had jual re- membered ho wsw a prefect. ' It'a none of your business. Putty. Beeide», if you did, we'd have them hostile to na; and wo shouldn't be able to do any work,' «aid Aladdin. ' They've begun already.' Now that Weat African war-drum had been made to signal scream estuaries'and deltas. Number Five was forbidden «o' wake the diabolical engine within earshot of the achnol. But a deep, devastating drone filled the pas- sages na McTurk and Beetle aeieutitioslly rub- bed tho top Anon it changed into the blare nf trunipetM-of ax vage pursuing truui|ieta. Then, M McTurk slapped one aide, smooth with the blood of ancient sacrifice, the roar broke into abort coughing howls suah aa the wounded gorilla throws in his native forest. These were followed by th* wrath of King [ th iee ato|ei ut a time, up the staircase, with a dry whir of the gown. Aladdin and company, listening, squeaked with excitement i aa tim door crashed open. King stumbled into tho darkness, and cursed those |ierform er» by the god of Bslliol arid quiet repose. ''Turned out for a week,' said Aladdin, holding the study door on the crack. ' Key to lie brought down to his study in rive minutes, . Brutos ! Barbarians! Ba vages Children! Ho's quito agitated. ' Arrah, Patsy mind tho baby, ' ' he sang in a whis|ier aa he clung lo tho door-no1!, dancing a noiseless war (Jniic«*, Kine went downsuira again, »ml Beetle «nd Mc Turk lit tin* g in to confer with Bulky. But Bulky had vanished. ' l<ookalikn no end of a meas,* aaid Beetle, collecting his luniks and ui«th«m«tto»»l instru- ment csa . ' A week in the form-room isn't I airy advantage lona' j ' Yes, hut don't yon see that Sulky isn't her*, you owl ! ' asid McTuik. ' Takedown tho koyi and look sorrowful. King'll only jaw you fur half an hour, i'm going torrad in tho lower form-ioom.' ' But it's alway« nu»,'mourned Beetle. * Wail till w« aee,' «aid McTuik, hopefully. ' I don't know any more than you do what Sulky means, hut it's something. (Jet out ami draw King's tiru. You'tsa used to it.' No sooner hail the key lutnvd in the door than the lid of the ron I-hos, which waa alan I the wimtow-aeat, lifted oauUoU«ly.. It had hoeii a tl-hl lit, iv.-II for the lithe fit alky, his head hetwnen his knee«, ami his stomach nnil'-r his right ear. Kron a drawer in the tallie h" took » well-worn catapult, a hand- ful of buckshot, and a duplicate key nf the Study; noiselessly he raised the window and kneeled . >>' it, his face turned to the roast, the wind-slo|Mx| treoa, the dark (uvula of the Bur- rows, and the white line of hi-fakers falling nine deep along the PaMile-rldg*. Far down the sleep-hanked Devonshire ¡an« he heard the husky hoot of the cai tier's horn. There was a ghost of melody in it ns it might have tsneii the wind tn a glu- lrottta essaying to sing. ' It's a way wa hsvn in ' th« array. Bulky «nilled a tiuhMippad ainl|<, and at extreme mtge «penad Ara; tba old borea ball whaelad ia rbcahafl. ' Wht-ta b* gwaitm tu \ ' hlocotlgfcisS Bab« hltB'tJgs«. Another' buckshot tor« through the rollan omi vas tilt wit fi u vicio UK .lippi . I!Abel,'' murmured Stalky, as Rabbits* Kfigs swore into tho patient night, protesting that he saw the ' domncd colleger ' who was assaulting him. ' And KU,' Kins was saying tn u high hoad voice to Burtle, whom he had kept to play with before* Mundora minor, well knowing that it hurta it Fifth-form IH\V to I e held up to a fag'adoiiai-m, - und s t, Maxtor U.-otle, in spite of all verses, which we aro so proud, of, when wo presume to come into direct eouflict with even sa humble a repre- sentativo of authority as myself, for instance we »re turned out of our studies, are we notT .Ye«, air,' said Beetle, with a sheepish grin on his lips and murder in his heart. Hope had nearly loft him, ttut lie clung to a weih established faith that, never waa Sulky so dangnrous as when he was invisible. ' You are NOT required to criticise, thank you. Turned out of our Studien,, wo «re just as if we wore no bettor than littlo Mandel's minor. Only inky schoolboys wo ar«, at>4 moat be treated ns such.' Boetlo prie lu tl up Ilia para, for Rabbits Eggs waa swearing savngely on tim road, and tome of tho laiiiniago enternd at tho upper, aaah. King behoved in ventilation. Ile airado to tho window, gnwitod and majestic, very visible in tho gaslight. ' I zeo 'un ! 1 zoo 'un !" roared Rabbits Kgga, now that ho had found a vi ¡hie foe anothor shot from tho darkness a ho va ' Yeti >cou, yeou kuig-niw>d, fower-ojod. gingV whiskcrcd lieggur ! Yeu'm tu old for such gain's on. Ato! Poultice yeour nose, Itali '.el Poultice yeonr long noso !' Beetle's heart lea|Mid up within him. Some- where, somehow, ho know Stalky moved be- hind these manifestât iona. There was hope and thojproapect of icvcnge. He would em- body the aucüeation about tho nono in death- less verso. Kin« throw op tho window, and stonily rebuked Rabbit* I'.^K. Hut tho car- rier wan beyond fe ir of fawning, lin had des- cended from tho cart, and waa gsaping by the roadaiile. lt nil full swiftly HM a <1 roam. Mander» minor raised Iii» hand to hin li "ad with a orv, as a ja«god flint cannoned on to some fine tree-calf bindings in tho honkaholf Another quoited alnng tho writing tallie. Bootle made sealous feint to «ton it, and in thut endeavour overturned a student's lump, which dripped, VIA King'a pa i M-m and »OHIO choice hooks, greasily on to u Persian rug. There was mnoh broken glass on the window-arutt ; the china haaket- McTurk'H avursion-cracked to flin- ders, had dropped her musk plant and ita earth over tim rod rep cushions ; Mandora minor was bleeding profusely fnim a out on the choek-lione, and Kins, using atrango wonts, every ono of which Bontln treas ti rsi), ran forth to find tim school-sergeant, that j Rabhits-EggH might bo instantly cast into jail. 'Poor chap!' said Bootle with a false, feigned aympithy. 1 Lot it Mood a little. That'll prevent apoplexy,' and lin held the blind head skillfully ovar tho table, and tba )a«p«rs on tho table, as he guided the howling Mandan lo th» door. Then dui Beatle, alono with tho wreckage, return good for oril. Mow, in that office, a complete set of ' Gibbon' waa acnrrod all alana; the hack RB hy n flint ; how HO much black and copviug ink came to ho mingled with Mander'a Mood on tho tnhlo-cloth ; why the big gum-bottle, un*to|>|>errd hadacmicireularly acroaa the tloor, and in what manner the white china door knob grow to ho painted with yet morn of Mander'a youthful gore, were mattera which Boolla did not explain when the rabid King roi ti ruo J to find . him standing |K>liUdy over the reeking hearth ' You never told mo to go, air,' he said, with the air of Oasahia.ica, mid King ooniigned him to the outer dark nra«. But it waa to a I toot-cu pto* rd tinder, th« staircase mi the ground floor that he h a« taned to loose the mirth that waa destroying him. had .not drawn breath for a ti rat whooji of triumph when two banda choked him .dumb, ¡ ffo IIB coffTUttir.D.3 " ' i 