Stories of tlie Supernatural. A gentleman in Leeds says : — I have a mania for antiquities, and a few months ago I came across a curious old carved chair. It was broken, so I got it cheap, glued it, and placed it in my snuggery] for a smoking chair. I did not use it much, for I always felt tight and un comfortable in it, and sleepy. I always sit up late reading and smoking, with my dog Rex as my only companion. Rex hated that old chair, and would never lie on it, and would bark aud growl at it. One night I drew it up to the table, having some writing to do. I again noticed the pressing sensation, and felt very cold. I went to the fire. Rex was very restless, shivering and moaning. The house keeper camo in, started, and then laughed, saying, 'I. must be half asleep, for I could have declared I saw a man sitting in that chair.' I sat reading for a long time, then ros e and turned to the table. There sitting in the chair, was an old man, with the most fiendish face possible to picture. He was leaning over the table, his long arms passing over it. Rex began to moan piteously. Thou the thing turned and spraug on to my shoul ders. 1 fell to tho ground stunned. When T 'panic to myself Susan and her husband were leaning over me. My throat hurt me, and I found round it livid finger marks. The next day I ordered John to chop up tho chair and burn it. In tho seat wo discovered a secret drawer containing a pencil sketch of tho fiend I had seen, and two small muminied hands holding a pencil. Was it revenge for tho sketch ? A Manchester lady says : Lenoro and I were twin- sisters, but thero was no resemblance be tween us. She was our idol, and mother and I only lived for her. Ono Christmas she went for a short visit to an aunt's. A fortnight passed, and she was to return the next day. We wero both invalids, so could not meet her, but our vicar, an old freiud, was to do so. We wero seated in the breakfast room, listening for the train whistle, when tho door opened, and Lenore stood before us ! so white and changed. With open arms I met her, but she waved me back andglided to mother's side, and tlion took a hand of each of us and pressed them to hor lips. Then she was gone. The same momont the vicar camo in, white and trem bling. There had been a terrible accident to tho train, and our darling was amongst the killed. Au old sailor tells the following story : — Fifteen years ago I was an apprentice on board a Liverpool ship. While lying in har bour on the coast of California tho carpenter, with whom I was very friendly, went ashore ono evening and was not heard of' beforo wo sailed. Ono night on tho passage homo, my self and my companion had put out tho light and wero ' turning iu,' when I distinctly saw tho form of tho missing carpenter sitting on the edge of the bunk previously occupied by him. He was dressed in his usual clothes, but was wale and emaciated, and seemed to wish to coromnnicato some message about his tools and clothes. My companion's descrip tion tallied exactly with my own. When we reached Englarrd wo found that the body of the missing carp on tor had been recovered from tho harbour on tho very day on which his ghost appeared to 