CHAPTER XIV. advkntukk. IXXI13 was rapidly recovering, and the time drew nigh .when lie must or ganize liis infant faculties into some line of action for maintenance. He had not been idle durimr a portion of liis sickness. lie rose from his bed a differ* ent person in oho respect—lie could read a little, and every day added to liis powers in that direction. ' His progress was really quite astonishing. . His face was paler than before, and his | step was still unsteady. But his features | ..'—I. monger expressive of vacancy, and • bis step was not shambling. His white forehead and finely molded month and chin gave promise of considerable si rengi h. j How often at night he asked after the wel fare of 'Winnie. This pleased Helen, and her pictures of tho girl were at times tinged slightly with tho golden hue of affection. It; may bo stated, also, that the clear-eyed island daughter, with her “iss,” and “wass,*4 and sweot Gaelic accent, also inquired daily for Finnic. I One day Finnic was feeling unusually de pressed—lie felt that ho was becoming a bur- j den to the household. All were glad to see him so well, and to hear him rattle off “ lit erature'’ with more or less readiness. But the fact that ho was a non-supporting mem ber of the group was painful. So, one day, when Helen returned from her labor, which still continued, she "found a note awaiting her. It was written in boyish script, ami read ns follows : ■. ; Dear Miss Helen : . . . I thought I‘ought to get something to-do. . So I have borrowed a little money, of Mr* Smith, and I-'have gone over’to Jlr.. Conrad .North’s to talfcFtvith him and see if he knows what I can do. *1 will hope to be back as.soun as you do; • • FINNIE. Mrs. Smith had gone into the city shop* ping, and had: not returned, and’tho maid of all work knew nothing of Flume's going. Eight o’clock and Mrs. Smith both came, and still uoPinnie. But. at half-past ?\ jur-t as tlie\’ were becoming alarmed, a note came from ilrs. North stating that “Mr. Finnic" would remain Uuwe ovit nijilit. At the North cast 1c it hatl heen a (lull ila V. The light remark made by 'Conrad about a threatened .raid on the down town office wor ried Mrs North. Being forewarned, of course Mrs. North felt that there was no real danger. However, what may be called tho “feminine shadow" hung over her, and her mind refused'(n dispel tho gloom. Tho huge clock in the hallway had just struck 2/ wheii tho heavy knocker on the heavy door sent a chill through her sli lit frame. By the time the man servant was at tho door,-Mrs. North was at tho head of ihe old-fashioned staircase The door wasnpon* ed. There stood a pale, lank, sickly-looking woman in utasculiim,raiment—at least that was whnt.Mrs. North suspected. The largo, dark eyes,looked st rangely and .steadily upon the doubtful-Mi%. Bonar, who stood for a moment without.saying a word, ns if wait ing direct ions, from ins mistress. And when Bonar did spring him with a question, he did it carefully, so ns not to scare him away in case bo wore a real ghost. “An* phwat kin I do for the likes o’ yer?” “Can you tell me. mister, if Mr. North lives here!” “Indadc. soor, an’ wc kin do that,” return ed the Irishman, without offering tho desired information. On the long piazza, or porch, near tho outer door, was a huge rustic chair. With a stammering word Finnic almost, tumbled into this, much to the anxiety of the man. “Oeh, me leddy, the lahd is sick.” Mrs. North was by him a$ that moment, and asked of Finnic: “My boy, are you ill:” “1 have been, }lrs. North, but I am only so tired now. 1 walked from tlie ferry.” “Bonar will bring you into the house”— and, as she said this, the sudden thought camp into her mind, that, perhaps, this had something to do with tho threatened bur glary. “But then,” sho reflected in an in stant, “that was; at the down town office and surely this youth would not be an a gen t in such workV* ' , . - - Then she said aloud: ' “You speak my. name, bat I do not remember, to have met you, do you know me ?” , “Yes, I know voir'from the-words of Miss Lament. I came to talk with Mr. North, who can tell me wlmtto do, probably.” “Are you the sick rperson of whom Miss Lamont told u>f ’ - ■ ’ . To BE CoNTlVEEn 