OaiaUfAi. BOT51. '..'. -^ A HEADACHE. : - ; Ebidbe mine, .blast' art : thou if thou hast never known headache.' Like the toothache, with its ?venom'dstang,' as Burns hath it, headache begeto but small sympathy for the person, to whom, the head belongs. It is trivial, a mere passing throb oi an upward artery, an unpleasant sensation, ' a by 'no means mrions affliotioa, and so oa; and those -aronnd you laugh and joke and pUy as usual. Personally I have expedenoed many pains, but when In -extremis, with the other land full in view, I ask tote spared pain in the oeaa. -ui course, . nesoaohes proceed from various causes, and, therefore, the sufferer is subjeoted to no end of per Birient advioe from good-natureoVbut in tolerable, smateur pain allayers. They are: all cooksure as to the cause o( your pshi, and are quite positive alto the effloaoy of their remedy; and if one is only weak enough to give ear to their experienoes and' the^'wonderful effects' of their nostrums, one inlght soon ^give up tiis ghost BXkdbeooms « more or less deoenwooking corpse lot * coroner to 'eit on,'inbrdertodiBooyirfrom which of the many nauseous poisons one »-? osfved one's quietus. -Without being a very weak subject I recently sampled a good many of these 'inf allible' zerasdies for headache, and my experienoe is that 'twere better to endure, the ills one is quite sure of than to venture uponeven a trial of those one is Inignoranoe ibout. ' ?'. ? ? .-).'? The idea of headache pains assuming shape and form got a firm hold of me the other day when Buffering suoh torment that the pain become almost exquisite. I became so interested in the volatile movements of these pain 'gamins* :that I not only grinned but laughed outright. Of course 1 was quite oblivious of all mundane things, for though my lively tormentors assumed mundane forms, and engaged in mundane occupations, I recognized the fact that I was 'under some sort of a spell in spirit-land. Dear reader,. I am serious when I say that the imps that scampered over my poor brain were not blue, and had no affinity with snob, earthly spirits as derive their origin from aloohol. In a manner, 1 was insensible to ordinary pain while pursu'og these queer psychological andphysiologioil investigations, toe arena being my own poor cranium, under which lay the peooliar mass of matter whioh men call brain. Thus, m-ssienrs the imps en gaged in tbwe things, with which J. have either prsotised for . profit or followed for amusement, and the beggars began to line my cranium with boards, aud the sawing and hammering and driving of wire nails into Baltic pine boards, every tap of the hammer on the nail head penetrating to my inmost vitals, was a circumstance to be remembered. Having dona this to their satisfaction, these demoniac pain infitcton forthwith began to floor the structure with inoh hardwood boards. And as if bymagio, in the twinkling of an eye, the big room they. had formed in my skull became * printing offloe, with its wharf edales. and albion presses, and plattem, and grnilloHires, rolling slabs, raalring-ap tables ; and with wees wo usual uuxu iuiu uaiiBj Hnu viavter OX cylinders and wheels and. cogs, the loud voices of men and boys above the din, and the odour of printers' ink sank down to my olfactory organ, and thence sank deep into my very sonL And when they bad thus converted my cerebrum into a newspaper establishment, 'the imps tolerated ao divi sions', and both hemispheres merged into one ; while oerebrnm, cerebellum and medulla oblongate formed one lirge apartment. However the various mitt and diviBions of my poor cranium got baok in their plaoes I oouui never determine— though, there tliey are now— or, at least,! suppose so. The brain is a subtle *tudy, and during my sixty hours' infliction I studied it more than I had ever dnne iothepast. Itnas done me good, thongh I shall never forgive the pain demons for driving those nails, or sharpening picks and drills upon an anvil. The ring of the duioing fork ou the iron bot toms of the sluiee boxes lean forgive, for the rush of the cool, clear water from the mountain torrent, as it rolled down the pebbles, was cool and grateful. The rook log of the ship, too, was not so bad, for it wasasweet luflaby after my long hours of wakefulness ; bnt how the Dickens they got that full-rigged Aberdeen liner into my brain pan puzzles me to this day. But ehe was there safe enough, with all sail set from deck to truck, and her atu'nsails, both port and starboard, were * white wings' of peace. And we sailed and sailed until the storm cime— and thea confusion. jSharp pains vuu uuu freuw, nuu b ceoee oi orowning ; suffocation— a sort of grand finale— with the howlirg -wind, the lash of waters, the ripping of canvas, the banging of blocks and swish of flying cordages ; the dismal squeak and groan of the Bhtp's timbers as she wal lowed in the valley between two mountains of blue greea water; the crash of a splint ered mast, the thud of a fallen yard ou deok, and then the weird dong dong, dong-dong, doDg-doog, dong-dong ot the ship's bell as the mate struck eight ;- and the harsh voice of the tired look- out man, as he sang lout to those below: 'Eight belle below there 1 Oome, bear a hand? Put on yer sea-hoots and oil-skins an* tumble up 'ere slick, like greased lightning. D'yefhear, there f And my ship vanished — like another IJying Dutchman— a mere figment «f a poor, aching brain, - - ' - ? ? ?. Heigh, Presto! another change, and the tang, bang, bang, of stamps on tfie hard quartr in a long line of bitteriea carries mo tuck to the reefs at Fiddler's Flat; ana as quickly ami UBnsterrBd to a ioene inathar. lands, where ^howmp'1' of men is aniformB of all' colours and patterns, parade, march, rush fight; guns boom, trumpets blare, drums roll, bugles call ; men curse ondoheer and thrinlc.. And then all i« still, save the groans of the dying. The 'dead alone ara peaceful— harmless, for in the dark night men, women, jackals, waives,' tihleaniowi' jrununidge vmong ~ , the 'dead, \gfaott-liker They are'vaiDpires, and the throbbjnjr -bralp would ebut them oat aa'/te? 'aineannjjfor. ^What,uajnj&1tf' :'Aropiofte»^'~J'Ti41 by all mains.. I'll elt np, thank yon, A^et am 1? True, » would you be if you had been my journey? and voyages. Dream, eb 1 . Baffier,!' why— bnt there; it is a relief to be fras from the sawing of boards, -the driving of nails, the ringing of beUs, the' roaring of guns, and ihe otSer seises tn which IhaTe been ft martyr of late. Goner Yee,sone for good Ibape ; gone of . its own socord. 'P'pn -T don't credit -any nostrum forthecuref -Of wotm not, for I am not cured % ,the pain aiiaply l#f t me, and may return «alo under certain conditions. My aavioe: Well, don'* haw headache, r i have never been able to follow my own advios, not to tie letter, 'ftut other people may.\\.Anyhow, «f oid a good old-fsshioned rip and tear jhewlaohe as you would a mad house.— Patods, 