COMPLETE STORY. [_rUBLXSRED BY SI'ECIAt .IBRAROiESIEJrf.]'" TIGHE. HOPKINS,. Author of " Nell Haflemlcn," "Kilmainham Memories," Lady Bonnie's-Experiment," j [copyciaiiT.] daring the judge's summing-up in the murder trial. "When the judge, sifting the evidence, took up a point that made against the prisoner the boy's features sharpened and there was a savage snap in his eyes. Then hi* mind seemed to lose itself, and ho would stare alternately at the prisoner and at me. • ' Here, in the street, he had just thrust in my. hand a slip of paper. It was a green handbill, .in advertise '.ent of waxworks ** Pott's Royal Collection of Waxworks Figures. They are lifelike, and life is all they want.:—J. Pott." I dropped the paper, and returned to the j hotel. . Nothing wu3 talked of hut the verdict of i 41 guilty " in the murder case, and the public . were as well pleased as they usually are on j such occasioircthnt the jury had disregarded! tho pica of insanity. It was under discussion j at dinner, and I, being entirely persuaded i that the murderer was a- maniac—suffering j " from that quiet form of the disease which no j British jury.can bo brought to believe in found myself out of sympathy with the whole table. , •" The fact is," said I, '•* an average jury, and for that matter an average judge, are useless in cases"of this kind.' The man is as inad as Tom o'Bedlam."- ' • " And who might he be, sir?" asked a i wedgefaccd farmer opposite. They talked" blood in the billiard-room as vivaciously.as they had done at the dinner tablesouthwards nine o'clock I put on my overcoat and went into the fog. It was an old sluggish town^ with an abbey 'church lately dubbed a cathedral; the main street steep, narrow, tortuous as in the days of James I., and dark.a3 a sealed up graveyard that' Christmas live.. Tho Saturday booths were thick in the market-place; and in the neutral space in the middle, medicine men, Jew tailors, and fortune tellers screeched against one another. like rival 'birds in the same hush. % Behind all this, under the fog-.smitten halo of petroleum rose the painted, side of. Pott's Royal Waxworks. Pott's own testi monial blazed under a particular jet: -"They are lifelike, and life is .all. they want.—J Pott." X remembered.the Jwy of the problematic face," and cutercd. the show.. The fog and ihqquivering glare of petroleum combined to produce tho oddest effects amongst the wax figures. . ^ ' . . Lord Eeaconsficld secnied to have grown to the bulk of Frinco Bismarck, and Prince Bis marck , to have borrowed the nose of Liord Beneousiie'd. The.Shah had clapped..on a London fireman's helmet, but it passed for Persian in tho fog. The Princess of Wales had lost an eye, or so it seemed iu the fog. Mother tfhiptou looked like General Booth attired as a hospital nurse. Mrs. Maybrick appeared to bo administering the meat juice to a recumbent cfligy of Napoleon III. X mistook the Tichborno Claimant for Sir William Harcourt. A comely and buxom murderess labelled 41 Kate Webster," bore a strong resemblance to Catherine of Russia; and there was little to choose between Lord Salisbury and Thomas Wainwright—but it was all the fault of the fog. The catalogue, an extraordinary compil ation sprinkled throughout with moral re flections and scraps of verse oyer tlie initials •4 J. P.," expressed tho desire of the proprietor to "infuse ornamental knowledgo amongst the public," to which end ho had devoted three-fourths, of his >pae« to tho murder department. Tho trial of the day had given a more poignant interest iu this chamber, nod "nobody. could enough admire" tho assassins of botli sexes. Tho discoloured weasel's faee of Charles Peace was especially popular. All at once I started in amaze. I had before me a group of t wo murderer.* wealed at a table. They were Burko and his associate Hare, convicted in IS'iO of "decoy ing persons to their dwelling and there murdering them; afterwards selling their bodies for dissection." The pair were here represented in the act of planning a murder. •Burke's hand was outstretched in argument,. ! llarc leaned across .tho table with his head between his bands':...and in Hare I beheld | tho counterpart of the ilai-fnecd boy 1 ; -j Thcro was a significant animation in this furore which marked it ont from all the rest. "They arc lilelike and life is all they want,'.' said Pott of the (jollcbtiomin ..general. This figure, fit all events, was lifelike, and. the more closely I observed it the. .more con vinced I grew that life was oiofc;wahting to | it!- In a word, I felt assured that. I saw. iu "Hare" the boy of the enigmatical!coun tenance. . - I looked for Pott, but he was shouting his catalogues whero the crowd was densest. For a few moments my attention .was taken by a group of " Greek brigands " in porkpie hats of blue satin; -then I turned again to Hare. But in that brief space a change "hud taken place at the tables. The ilesh-and blood Hare had vanished, and it was plainly a wax Hare that now sat attentive to Burke. I was more than ever mystified. . At this moment Pott announced-above the hum of the crowd that he would "iuvitc his patrons to hear a little music," and the horrid blare of an organ' with a cluster of pipes fiUedstbo. places The person who turned the wheel which set on this din crouched behind the instrument. His face was hidden, but his legs were like tho legs of Hare. I stuck to the organ, and presently overheard a curious monologue, which, de livered in n mumbling,-rapid tone, seemed to issue from the wooden case. It ran like this:— ''Dixon (this was the namo of the man -who had been sentenced to death in the afternoon)—Dixon—Dick—Nick—OiaNick— Satan— hell — brimstone— brim — brimming water—pool—drop him in one—drop—long— drop—gallows—they*!! hang me for ifc— hang—chtng—bell — six bells — ship — Old Mother Sbipton—witch — stitch—needle — thread—bed—sick sick* bed—parson—pray HallowedbeTby name—salvation—it sets 'en all free—aud that's what I've got to do." Here the monologue ceased as abruptly as it had begun, the speaker's head was thrust out cautiously from behind the organ, and the boy who was the'living picture of the wax Hare confronted me again. Quite involuntarily I exclaimed : — "J?a! "What the deuce arc yon doing there? You ought to be up at the table! with Burke." J Far from being disconcerted, the boy 1 grinned delightedly. ■"You'ie clever!" he said.' "It's the first time I bin rekonised. Bin a-listenin' to me ?" ; "Yes. What is your name, and what is | that rigmarole you were talking r" "Well, I've names an' names," said the J boy. "Ask Pott and he'll tell yon I'm only Billy; but you an' rao knows I'm Hare, eh r J Oh ! you're a clever ghost, you are." said I. "Ghost?" "Yes. ^ow, don't you go and purteud you're one o' these wax lot"—here the boy jerked a contemptuous finger towards the spectators. "If you was, you eouldn't 'a heard mo talk. Lord'! I might talk to self by.the fortni't round, and none o* these! waxoya that pays tuppence to come an' look I at us ghosts would ever hear me. Now you | heard me right, off; that shows* you're a ghost, don't it? Now I'm going to tell you somethin'. more." All this while Billy never left off turning the handle of the organ. "Go on. Billy," I said., "Pott don't know a deal about us," con tinued the boy. "He tells lies, too. Ask him, an' he'll "say he made some on us himself. That's humorosity, ain't it? "Most-of /em comes hero with a Frenchman, Mons. Trewey.'. 'M0113. is French for Mister. The epiest'n is w'y they comes here." : " And why do they come, Billy ?" -"They comes here 'cos ox me. Them ghosts over there" — he oolntcd to the " Koyul " group and the group of " Celebrities "—" I don't know xuuch about. These here"—Ke indicated the "murderers— "is my ghosts. They've biu in trouble through not goin' straight when they was waseys. ,3Ie an' Burke seem a lot of trouble. Burke got twisted, but they didn't twist me " (I should say that Burke was hanged, while Hare escaped), "an' that's why I'mdifferent from tho rest of'em.. That's w'y they gets Mons. Trewey to fetch" .'era here. See that, don't your" • • : "No, no," I said, " I don't think I do." " Well, you're clever enough.. You ought to. Yon ain't Pott." "The fact is I'm only, half a ghost," I answered apologetically. "There is that sortf! said Billy confident!}*. " We've got 'em here. . TicbUorne, now, he's on'y n lmlf-ghost. See, Tich over there beyind Bradluugh? See the marks on his face ? Well, Pott don't like Ticb, an' w'en he's drunk ho knocks 'im about beastly. Knocked 'im down one night an* marked 'imj like you see. That's how we kuowed Tich was on'y a half-ghost. You couldn't mark us that way. Lord ! I've seen Charley PeJice —tie's gettiu' on in years, an' ain't eo strong on his pins aa he was—I've seen ole Charley turn tail over tip w'en we come on a bit of jolty road a-traveliin',.an* Pott pick him up 'ithout a scrrut on him. Come to real ghosts an' yon can't hurt 'em. Where was I?" "You were saying, Billy," I replied, j that it is oh your account the ghosts the Frenchmen to bring them here." "Jesso," said Billy imperturbably. "Tneso ghosts of mine"—he dropped his voice a little—" is under a spell. Knows what a spell is, don't you? AH these has bin twisted through goin' crooked. But they never twisted me, so I can turn into a waxey ageh any time I chooses, like yoii see rac now, an' that's why I'm the on'y one can set free J of that there spell. ' It's Mother Shipton tell J me, an' what she says you've got to do, else look out.'.' . , - ' " Billy," called the proprietor. "Yessir." "Turn off the music a bit." ' " Yessir," and the organ ceased. There was a rustle behind the curtain, find Biily vanished. When I could reach the murder chamber again, he had certainly re sumed his place at the table with Burke ; how he'had (Hsposed of the dummy I knew not. I went iu search of Mother Shipton. Sly mind was troubled about Billy. Mother Shipton stood to the front on a wooden pedestal of her own, a skinny little yellow creature in brass spectacles, with a wisp of muslin over her shrivelled bosom, as conven tional a puppet as Pott or the unapparent Frenchman had modelled. I drew no inspira tion from Mother Shipton. The music began again, and when I looked,-the wax Hare tete-a-tete with Burke, and Billy was behiud I the organ. Listening as before, I heard him I launch upon another monologue: " Dixon—Dick—stick—club—try it 01 his head—bled—running out fast—pay out ; line—dine—fine—option of a fine—beak— | seven days—oakum to pick—oak—ship—old J Motlief-Shipton—hag—hog—wild boar—wild; —crazy—Bill—got to kill somebody—some— j drum—drum-head—soldier—red * coat —red —blood—an' there it is agen." "Billy," I said. •. : He thrust out his head. "You see," said he, "start where I will! (an' I'm bouud to start with Dixou to-night, j 'cos Mons. Trewey'll fetch him here a week j after they've twisted him), I always round to the red, an' that means killin'. All my .ghosts has killed folks in their time., Me an' Burke douc away with no end, an' that Burke he'd like to be dom* away with 'era now. See him up there with his 'cuto old finger cocked ? He's on at me like that all the time I'm settin' with 'im. "Well, 'cos of all these killin's they're fixed along of Pott in this show under that spell. I told you of; an' they can't bo got off of that spell not till somebody's teen killed out of here—;an* it's ir»e'that's got to do it.. Mother.Shipton says "Billy," I asked, "how long have youj been a ghost?" "Ever since I bad the pains in my bead," he answered promptly; > -" Ah! You have pain3 in your bead; poor | Billy. How did they ecihe?" "Through me a-falling off a caravan one night : slip off sleeping, while we was a-travelling. Lord! I wouldn'ta-missedget tin' that fall. Every blessed thing I knows come to me through that. Pott an' the chaps used to chaff me about beiu' like Hare, but I didn't never know till I fell off of the van that I was Hare's ghost." " And have you never seen a doctor about | the pains, Billy ?" "Not much! A doctor might turn me j back iufo a waxoy." "So he might, Billy, to be sure. Tell rael now, who is it-that must be killed out of | here?" . . ' ' " Well, I ain't downright sure yet. Might bo Pott. He don't know imich now; he'd know a sight morejfl made a ghost of him. But I: reckon mos*. likely it'll be myself. Don't hurl us ghosts, not to speak of. I've got'Mons. Napoleon Majesty's pistol, w'ich Pott thinks it won't go otf, but I knows." " Yes, Billy kuows, eh ? Look here, Billy, I wo must talk some more about this. How | long do you stay here ?'' " Oh, we moves off to-night. 'Bo on thej road agc-u about* half after eleven, we shall." J I looked at my watch : it was a quarter to j ten. Pott closed his show at ten. "Billy," I said, "for a shooting.like that! you want tip-top powder. None of yourj conimou stuff, Billy. I'tn going to step out j and buy you a charge of the best." I reinembpred hearing the head waiter say { that the dSc.or from London—ft most dis tinguished alienist—who had given evidence} on Dixon's behalf that day, would stay the} night at tl$ hotel. I must prevail on Dr. j F to sco poor Billy. "You've got to be spry," said Billy. | " It's goin' on ten." As 1 reached the court-house ut the co: of the square, the report of a firearm in directiou from which I was hurrying filled j me with dread. As by instinct I glanced J bnuk towards the show. The whole market place was pressing thither. I made but a dozen steps of it back. To the policeman who had posieii himself at the entrance I said: " I am a doctor." "Oh, then you'd best go in quick, sir," and he inado way for me. Pott and one of his assistants wore lifting Billy, stricken and bleeding, from- his nook behind the organ. They carried him to a recess ut the back of the murder- chamber, and T followed them there while the police were clearing out the crowd. One glance showed, that Billy, had obeyed, full fatally.,the imaginary behest of Mother Shinton. He had shot himself above the heart, and in a few minutes he would be a true ghost. He was, however, quite con scious, and as I stooped over him, he said, with a flash of preternatural sagacity : " I knowed your panic* It warn't pun powder. You was off for that ' mad I doctor, an? I thinks, * It's now or never.' But ! say, it hurts more'n what it 'ought, mo»bcin' £ gliost. Wat's the lights iroiu1 .out.for? I'v< got 'em off of that spell, though." I can hear 'em a-rustlin* inside there. Stay a bit an' you'll Eee'em all step down. Ketch , hold o' my hand. They're a-moving. Dixon—Dick —brick—mortar—lime—quicklime—fill it m his coffin—fill—kill—an' I done it." " Oli. Lord, Billy !" blubbered Pott. " The best of boys, Sir, but a little soft. Fancied himself a waxwork with a waxhead. Oh, Lord ! A wax organ of thought. Oh, poor Billy! But I'll have him modelled. I'll model him myself, I will, and he shall hare his own place in the show." Upon this point, it may be added, Pott was as good as his word, and Billy, a genuine waxey now, is carried up and down these isles in a mchc all his own in Pott's Boyal Waxworks, and underneath his name in catalogue Pott has written some poetry. 