Perth Letter- (BY BUNG AURA.) The session is closed J the benches erstwhile filled with llie wisdom an<l foicnsic force of all that was best nnd wisest and noisiest (also most garrulous) in our suffering county, nre now covered willi dual cloth till the Talkeries re opens "ami the flood of pent-up language once more finds vent, and fetalis to perpetrate more Hanfeird ; the Speak«i'<? wig and the Sergeant's continuations have been l.ii<l aside; ihe bauble from Ihe foot of l!»e table is tieing furbished «p with emery, powder an! knife polish ; tlie importers' {ra'lery, especially the j>art lutely* occupied by the re presentative of tlic Iviljjooriic Miner, is being disinfected with caibaiic aa i water, the ladies' dress ciicle over the clock has been dry-blowtd for hairpins, gloves, fcfray Joiliep, nod oilier feminire. accessories split nverboaid liuring the divorce and female franchise debates 5 the ushers find time to piny " two up" in ibe diverted (lining bait, iind the Minister for Tucker can replenish biB depleted stock of whisky and "two for" im»kcs rea.ly for a call Upon the various hi aiula af Fr«'in»ut!e fivewater that stiuiuUte tl:<j brains of our legislators to oratorical eruption in the House. Let ua pull down Uieblin-l*. While Sydney has been FW Uerio^ at 95 degrees in the waleibag, I'ciib has been dressed in great coats, waterproafs and umbrellas for weeks past. What we want now is less weather an J more climate. The 90 per cent of sand ivc have aln ajs with us, in our boot! 8 , our tuck.-r on«l our whiskers ; the 10 per ccnt climate, which . the Land of Promise and other literary romances glows about, has FO far been in evidence by v its absence. Spring still hides -coyly, waiting foi the chill frown of winter to fade from l!ie landscape, before smiling on our dry goods merchants and tailors wl)06C light summer dress stuffs and clothes displayed in their window? entice the tardy shektlu from the unwilling pocket in vain. The Perth Atnaleur Orchestral Society has suffered from itn.es of weather too Their first conctrt a few Saturdays ago announced for Cremorne Gardens, had to be given indoors in the theatre where the fleas watch and prey, and the ghosts of many Perth smells haunt the comfortless seats. The repetition of the conceit, which as a musical exhibition was one of the best that ever tickled the metropolitan tympanum, was announced for the following ThuWay in the gardens, but Jupiter Pluvias upset the applecart once more and a postponement was announced till the next Saturday, when it poured Again and bust up the'slfcw tfor the third time The sniellfnl hall was resorted to, as the gardens were uninhabitable, and Perth mostly stayed at home and blasphemed the weather. Tho clouds still lower over head as I write, and we have no alternative except to " wait till the clouds roll by," Things theatrical in the capita! are booming, We are getting the best of the Eastern successes sent over by William son & Musgrove. The Sign of the Cross the Prisoner of Zenda, the Silver King and others, are all drawing crowded audiences. A native of the colony was overheard talking to the leauing actor whom he told that he had seen the Sign of the Cross in Westralia twenty years ago. The actor disputed it, and asked who took the leading parts. " The hero," said the native, " was a white sheep herder, the heroine was a black gin, and the Sign of the Cross was a piebald pickaninny. Mine's a whisky, please miss." The actor shouted and left suddenly to keep an important engagement. Geraldtonians will be pleated to know that their member, Mr, Simpson, reappeared in tho House a few mimites before prorogation on Friday afternoon. Many friends welcomed him back once mortv and many congratulations were pffered on his access to health once more. Looking 4 well and fit he looks good for many a brilliant speech and smart criticism on the misdeeds of the jarrah blockade on the Government benches. Country constituencies are herebywarned to keep a look out for the ap preaching incursion, not of rabbiti?, bsit of members of Parliament with large rolls of Hansard protruding from their coat tail pockets, who contemplate an invasion of their electorates for the purpose of convincing the deluded voter by extracts culled at convenient intervals that thay voted the straight griffin every tim a»d talked slraignl for their districts right through. You can prove anything by IIons2<4; *'t can be r ead and construedBO many ways while it is a fact that much of the speechi' fying during the session was delivered at the Hansard reporters for home use during the reccss. Many of the speeches hoaYed off the chests of Sun Mitchell, Counolly, Moran, Kingsmili uad otters are strong censure of the Forrest incubus, and arc diametrically opposed to the votes which followed on division when principle and expressed conviction were thrown to the winds to prevent the defeat of tiie Ministry, When a man quotes Hansard to prove what he said, ask him on which side he voted to make sure of hiui. Vcib. sap. 31st October, 98. 