ROM1N0E OF A NE'ER DO-WELL II V CLARE JKRROLI). [COI'YKICHT.] A lazy boyhood and a dissipated youth led me at the age of tweuty-two to the streets of Melbourne, a beggar with no desire to work. I had also no desire to starve, so I determined to go up country to pick up a living if possible, Long week* of wandering and aenii-starvation converted me on the subject of work, and I made up my mind to stay, when at one farm I found that only straight forward labour was the condition or living under the same roof with Connie Morgan. She was tall and fearless-looking, and seemed to read my soul when 'she first glanced at me. She magnetised and drew me so far up to her ideal that my past life became shameful to my thoughts, and I worked like an houest. man. Slowly, bic by bit, 1 told her my history, and iu spite of it sbe took to me and we became engaged. Old Morgan consented, for iudustry was capital in those parts, and I was as good as any man there. He set us up iu a small ' run ' of our own, a piece of generosity which delighted Connie, but my htart mis gave me about the place, for it was on the verge of Morgan's land and open to depreda tions from bushrangei'3. However, it was ' Hobson's choice,' and so we married and settled down in the little lonely house with two shepherds and a woman, the wife of one of the men. Connie was as good on the farm as any man, and often took a turn at visiting the shepherds when they were stationed at a distance. Oftencst I went alone, sometimes we rode together, aud occasionally Connie went without me. There was nu time for discontent or restlessness on my part, and in our busy, hardworking life I was far happier than I had ever believed it possible to be. As to bushrangers, we saw nothing of them. Some weeks after we settled, sheep were missing, aud a strict watch was kept, but no one was discovered, though once the shepherd got a shot at a dark object which, he said, was creeping towards an unwary animal. On reaching the place, however, nothing was found, and there was a suspicion that he had seen double, aud had aimed at the shadow of a sheep. Peacefully the first year of our married life drifted by, and then small troubles came. In the wet season I contracted a fever, the results of which would not leave me, and Connie did my share of overlooking as well aa her own The long illness affected my nerves, and I was sometimes in an agony ot apprehensiou when she was away from home. Oue day Connie talked seriously to me about ' You Eee, Jim, though I am such a matter-of-fact person, I know your moods thoroughly ; so thoroughly that I feel them sometimes when away from you. I don't believe in spiritualism or things of that kind, but love as strong as ours brings a kind of second sight with it, I think. If I urn out a long time I seem to know when you are getting anxious about me, and my mind becomes divided between what I am doing and my fellow-feeling with you. You must have more faith in me and not worry so much.' After that I really tried to conquer my anxiety, and fairly succeeded, until one day when Connie had gone a comparatively shore distance, and yet delayed her return long after the usual hour. At first I put a strong control over myself, but at last both the servant and I grew frantic. When tho man came in I sent him out again to meet her. My own ague and wcaknes? were forgotten, and a horse was being saddled that 1, too, might join in the search, when suddenly I remembered what she had said about knowing my moods, and I put all my terror and strength into the cry that she would return. 'Connie, Connie, come back!' I c tiled in my heart ; and then felt faint with dread at the possible result of neglecting her solemn warning. She had asked me to have faith in her and not to distract her mind with my fears. What evil might I not have done ! At that moment a Bound in the passage smote upon my ear, and I saw my wife coming to the door of the room. With a cry of joy I rushed forward. 'Connie, my darling, then you are safe.' But she put out her hand wurningly, aud would not let me approach. Her eyes seemed not to see me but to wear the desperate look of one who was fightiug for her life ; but this faded into a quick glance of alarm, followed by one of keen reproach. I cowered beneath that glance, while my heart stopped beating, and then the expression of her faoe changed to one of perfect pityiDg love. She held her hands tome entreatingly, her eyes blessed me, and in a low fuint voice, which was rich and trembling with deep feeling, she murmured : ' My dear, dear husband. I love you above all things ; I lovo you with an ever lasting love.' Awed by her manner I stood still for one moment, then sprang forward to catch her hands, but she was not there. Had she gone to her room or to unsaddle her horse '! All over the place and about the house I rushed, calling her name, but she was nowhere near, and her horse had not returned. The servant aud I looked at one another with distended eyes as she slowly whispered : ' Kh, but it was her ghost you saw.' Then wailing she Hung her apron over her head and crouched by the hearth. I mounted the animal which awaited me, and rotlc all through the night. When moruiug dawned I was still on the fringe of the busli ; and all that day on foot I forced my way hither and thither ; following narrow paths when I could tind them, and mechanically going homewards towards the evening. On the very edge of the trees I came upon a spot where the grass, discoloured by blood, had been trampled down, and there I found her soft felt hat. Faint with deadly horror, with an agonising desire to shut my eyes for fear of what I mi^ht see, I looked slowly round. There, fallen among the shrubs and long grasses, was a deid huddled-up thing — but it was not my wife ! It was a man with an evil, brutish face, whom Connie had sent to his last account. I wept hysterically with the revulsion of feeling which the discovery brought ; and all my nerves tingling with an excited hope that she might still be safe, I turned quickly homewards. I rushed ou my way oblivious of hunger and exhaustion, and at last the house came iu sight. The two men were standing by the door, yet before I could reach them they had disappeared. I shouted aloud, but there wis no auswer, and black fear agaiu gripping at my heart I entered our sitting-room. With a white, scared face the Berving-woman looked at me, and for a minute we gazed fearfully upon each other. Then with a shriek of anguish she caught my bauds, and told me that they had found (J.nuL\ As I uttered a cry of joy she sobbed. 'Ah ! but she is gone for ever, and has left us alone !' Dizzy and only half conscious, I staggered into the bedroom. With her face disfigured by terror, even more than by a long black bruisj, my wife rested for the last time upon her bed. I flung myself by her side and clasped her cold body in my arms. She had not been dead many hours, and the thought that she might have been held prisoner through the night by such another ruffian as he who lay at the edge of the bush, that she had been somewhere near, though we could not find her, destroyed the last remnant of reason which was left me. A period of madness and suffering followed, in which my wife was stolen away and I was bound with ropes that I might not seek her Hut I rubbed the rope on the rough stone wall until, with a vvreacli, it was burst asunder. Stealthily I put on my belt, with its knife and two revolvers, for the house was full of my enemies, then, carrying my guu, I made for the bush. There I lived for weeks the life of a wild animal, not knowing what I ato or how I passed the time, my consuming desire being to meet one of those evil, stunted outcasts, whose trade was to rob and murder. Some times I dreamed that I saw one of these soul less creatures, and then my gun raug to a merry note ; or, perhaps, I really saw them, for ail things were but shadows to me. One evening', when autumn chills nipped (he air, I saw Dimes gleaming behind the trees, and cautiously stole towards them. My nerves shook with excitement, for here sa t two of the dirty savages over a fire of wood. They were nearly naked, with long matted hair hanging round their shoulders, and yet each speaking with an English tongue. Then my faculties returned to me. Looking to the priming of my weapons I crept near enough almost to have touched one of them without being seen. They were talking of a madman who went about killing those he met in the bush ; his wife had been slain by someone, they said, and th°y went in fear of meeting him. I laughed in glee at their words, for I did not intend that they should meet me. And then, with vile oaths and many a backward glance, the nearest man told in a cautious whisper how he had done it. He told how those on the ' run' had been too free with their shot, and he had sworn to be revenged ; and how when he and a mate found Connie at twilight far away from all help they determined to seize her. Some thing had gone wrong with her saddle-strap, and as she stood mending it they rushed forward, and between them dragged her to the edge of the bush But my darling fought bravely for her life. With a sudden leap she shook herself free and shot one of them dead. So resolute and iierce was she that the other dived into the undergrowth, hoping to overcome her by stealth. Not knowing on which side he stood, Connie made a rush for the open, and stumbled straight into his arms. At that moment, when with her right hand free she could still have protected herself, she yielded inertly to his grasp. She did not faint, for her bright eyes were staring straight over his head as though she saw a ghost, umil even he shook with fear. However, she was his prisoner, and with swift strides he bore her triumphantly into the depths. 'And then?' asked his companion, with an oath and a laugh which made me bite my lip through.' 'And then,' answered the other slowly, 'and then she got the best of me. Her strength returned and she fought lib e a wild cat. In the struggle I tripped &ud; fell in such a way that my hip was broken ; you know how it was when you found me. but I did not feel the pain at the moment, and still holding her I beat hev on the head with her own pistol just to keep her quiet. She fell upon me like a log of wood, and I lost iny senses. ' When I came round she was gone ! She must have dragged herself away and died. I'm glad I killed her,' he added, with an oath which outdid all the former ones in its horrible brutality, and if only that madman of a husband of hers were here 1 would servii him the same,' For one minute frenzy possessed me. My impulse was to catch his black throat in my hands and tear it asunder, and I seemed ti see him writhe at my feet its I slowly killud him. But no ! it would bo enough if \h: knew I was killing him ; so I moved my position until I was behind his companion. They were both the veriest scum of tlte earth, murderers and thieves by professiou ; raising the butt end of my gun with slow purpose 1 felled the man nearest me to the ground. The other started up with a howl of re cognition, but my weapou was upon his ankle before he could move, and hn lay help lessly at my mercy. Shrieking with feat1 he cowered down, and us I thought over his description of Connie's death I luuged to torture the life slowly out of him. 'Murderer: you beat her to -1 ath,' I whispered, and thfn blind ta^c. took posses sion of me, and I struck him on the head agiin and again with my heavy gun until Up was an unrecognisable corpse. The first blow must have killed him, but my mad anger was not satisfied with that. Then, dimly conscious that my mission was accomplished, I turned towards that quarter iu which our home lay. Connie's vo;oi seemed to sound in my ear as I went, ' My mind becomes divided between what I am doing and my fellow-feeling for jou. You must have more faith in me.' Yes, it was my over-anxiety and want of faith which had killed her, and I resolved that I would once again see the home where we had lived together, and then would share the common lot. Quietly in the early dav light I entered the deserted dwelling , the furniture was still there, left for my return, and one* more I lay and slept iu the bed where Connie had last rested. When I awoke the servaut sat by nip, and her husband stood by the window. 1 knew them, and told them all that had happened, and what I intended to do. Ah \ if they had but let me have my way 1 But they were cruelly kind, ami the restraint and self-reproat'h in which I lived maddened me again. Two long years I passed in an asylum at Melbourne, and was then discharged, practically cured, and a beggar. I went to old Morgan first, and he, with a compassion which I did not deserve, sent me luck, to Euglaud. As I ncared the old country the horror of remorse faded a little, and another face — one surrounded with gray hair — shared my dreams with that of my dead wife. When I landed, alone and despairing, my mother, with grief and love in her eyes, stood waiting for me. I could not ut first believo that it was she. In my youth I hid given her no alfrction, I had been too headstrong and selfish even to kuow that she loved me, and now that I had come b.ick to her, broken down with madness aud well-deserved sorrow, shn opened wide her uruis and sheltered me. It was she who saved me from absolute wreckage. Over and over again she would get me to tell her my story, until by her gentle arts she had turned my memory from the last dread cei'iies to tho vision of Connie's beautiful face as she held out forgiving Imnds, saying : 'I love y.-u beyond all things; I love you with an everlasting love.' [Vim End.] 