STAGELAND. (BY THE LYI U The performers at the/CiBejmjafne have been pursuing the ev<jn cJpjk)"r cf tbejft way—that is, when thyr^rfe not st^JjM by applause or waiti^-St times 1f$r the audience to langli a£;su[iposedly funny sayings. Mr. Janii character sketches settled down to business, night has been recalled for work. Mr. Harvey's imitation of Irving Sayles is just about as line a bit of business as I bare seen. Miss Lizzie Eirk has been eintring a song winding up with " The papers can't stop a girl from thinking." No. the papers can't do that, but they can do better. They can gire her good material to think about, which until this week was rather a scarce commnditv at the Cremorne. However. Miss Kirkis just as fetching as she was at the Royal, and there is no doubt in my mind she IS Uie nest in iier class vet seen in W.A. J. W. Winton, the ghost of Professor Oole, still makes a point cf " throwing off*' at unoffending specta- tors, and still keeps on the figure which wants " to go out, 1 ' consequently I pass him over by saying- that he does not- do himself justice." He has a fine turn of w it, which, if kept free from the faults before touched upon by me. would make him a fa% r orite of favorites as it is—. Syd Peane was es sweet and powerful as ever, and his "Nevermore" was, if anything, a better effort than his former one with the same song at the Royal. Frank Leon was just alright. IVTsooner hear him sing " Still, still in debt" than anything in his repertoire. Needless to say. encores were frequent with him. Prank gets home with both feet and an umbrella. Miss Lilian Tree sang a grand aria from "Ernani'' and the "Ave Maria" (Bach-Gounod) just as she alone can sing it in the West. She seems to strain, occasionally during the rendering of the former, but the " Ave Maria" is a veiy sweet effort, and would alone endear her to the Perth public. Jack Mannix sang something about a shop-walker which was not all it might have been, but " The little ones at home'' seemed to make many wish there were more of them. Anyhow, he was received well and encored heartily; but Jack lias, some better things up his sleeve yet. ttjirry 'em up. Jack. The Kellinos introduced some new features, which were received as all their work has been- with unbounded enthusiasm. The Waldrons do not please me particularly. A word is due to the orchestra. Tbey put in some excellent work, and are conducted in an able manner by the gentleman with his name on the bill. The management is catering for the people and the pub (there are two intervals) in the up-to-datest manner. At the Theatre Royal the last night of Pope and Delohery's company is announced for this (Sunday 4 evening, when a classical concert will be rendered by the full strength of the company. 