POINTS. ? .r\ ? —_^ [By Nhdli. The Premier On tho borrow Again, Negotiating Fm1 halt a million on. Treasury. Bills from the A.M.P. Society. This is one of the best 'proposals' the bo oloty have had for some time, W.A. should be a 'first-class life.' The good old misquotation), 'fresh fleldB.(s-o) and pastures new,' turns up once irfore in a letter from 'Britisher.' Mr. Harry P. Woodward, mining en gineer, has been appointed a member of the Perth Licensing Bench, -vice Mr. G'. Rnndell, resigned. Tho necessary qualification, I presume, is that he n well versed in 'deep sinking.' Mr. Trayien delivered an interesting lecture yesterday on ''The Air We Breathe.'' He might bo on to pive an other on 'The Fcod Wo Eat' (and tho goodly price- wo pay for it), 'Tho Per fumes We Smell' (near the Wellington street drain and elsewhere), etc, etc. 'Sand Scratcher' wants to know whether it is a fact that £740 of the ratepayers' money has been Bpent by the council in drinks since January 1. I am prepared to kcg an indignant de nial in 'Monday's paper. This expendi ture would be at tho rate of about £2,000 a year. 'Observer' says the Brisbane- street letter-carriers do not pet their dinnor hour till the middle of the afternoon. Are they like the people- spoken of by Lewis Carroll in 'The Hunting of tho Snark,' who 'always breakfasted at afternoon tea, and dined on the follow ing day?' , Somehow, when I read the various eulogies which are being showered (in the great statesman whoso name is in nil men's mouths to- day, I cannot help being, reminded of Swinburne's lines : 'Forgive them all their praise, who blot Your fame with praise of you,' Mr. George Lauri (Duo de Bouillon) says that he was once playing in a 'trap' scene in a pantomime in Sydney with Ted Faust as his 'double.' 'Ho did most of the work and I got moBt of bhe credit. But once by accident it bo happened that we both came up at the same time, which rather gave the. show away.' « § t 1 In Tennyson's ' Ode- on the Death of tho Duke of Wel lington' there are many lines which may be, and no doubt will be, applied to Mr. Gladstone in pulpit references to morrow. 'The last great Englishman is lowJI — 'In praise and in dispraise the fiame,' and more especially these lines; — 'Who never sold the truth to servo the hour, Nor pultered with Eternal God for power,' w . v w. * * ? . f ? Mr. H. R. Roberts tells a tale of an English actor who was reduced to giv ing two performances a day of Hamlet, which ho considered a great indignity. So he arranged with the 'ghost' that the morning performance should be cut Bhort. Accordingly in the scene where the ghost beckons Hamlet to a 'more re moved spot' and begini* 'Mark me,' Hamlet replied (sotto voco) 'I will mark you, if you're n'ot oft1 tho stage pretty soon.' To which the ghost responded, 'Adieu, adieu! Hamlot, remember me.' A person recently liberated from cus tody sought tho charge-room to recover the property found on him when ar rested. This included a railway guard's watch, which he raid in the charge room ho had found, also that he had recoived it from the Government, being in the Government employ, and to the bench that ho was taking it to the po lice station to report it when ho was av rosted. Isn't this rather like the old tale about the borrowed saucepan- ? 'Firstly, there was a hole in the Bauce pan when I borrowed it, secondly it was allright when I sent it back', and thirdly I never had it,' Who dares to gay that the Scot 'jocks (jokes) wi' deeficujty?' The Rt(v. John Maelaren Watson, better known as 'Ian Maelaren,' lately deli vered a most humorous lecture on 'Humor— Scots' and other Kinds.' Pfcrhapa when the lecturer said that humor was a hindrance to a man in business, lie was not speaking Beriousb. I am quite sure that a sense of humor is of value to a preacher, especially to Euch as tell anecdotes in their dis eouroes. I have heard 'yarns' in the pulpit which were intended to be serious and edifying, but were in reality much funnier than anything you could hear on the- rnriety stage— only the preachers didn't know it, now ready, und will be fonvard.d o L country customers free on application. Wo ave bwn favored with a copy of the cata logic, which w well Rot np, and of an ex ceedingly mtciwtirg clmractw. Tt co ains W ijoews, w,t h uim-uitls of 600 illustrat 0 ,s descriptive of the various articles on mlo. The hrmu published pnea list in to-day's issue judging from . tne spw-ial lines nnd quotations given, should well repay perusal. Messrs J. A. Hicks and Co., the well known drapers nnd clothiers, of Hay«treet announce that as they lmvo been unable to arrange for a renewal of their fence, which wi terminate at an early date, they nro com polled to clear out tho whole stock as promptly as possible. Instead of reducing a few leading lines tney have instructed their assistants to tako half-price for cveiythine I his means a heavy lofi3 to them, but tho public will reap the advantage 