Country Correspondence. THE NEW LUTHERAN CHURCH AT STONE QUARRY. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) On Wednesday, the 20th instant, some 300 or 400 persons attended at the opening of the New Lutheran Church at the Stone Quarry, near Ebenezer, visitors from all parts of West Moreton, as well as from places further afield, being in attendance. Among those from Ipswich I noticed Messrs. J. Schoenle and family, Mr. G. R. Weise, Mrs. Kruger and children, Mr. and Mrs Wilce, Mrs. Kennedy and children, and others. The church is a neat little structure, 26ft. x 16ft., and it has been opened clear of debt. The cost of the building was £50, which sum was largely raised by a collecting committee, consisting of Messrs J. H. Schoenfeldt, W. Runge, J. Werner, C. Runge, sen., and E. Kroll. The contractors were Messrs. Hoffmann and Helmich, who have performed their work in a very creditable manner. A fine cross surmounts the front gable, and is the gift of the contractors. A committee, consisting of Messrs. J. Schoen feldt and C. and W. Runge, supervised the work. Two repasts were provided, the first at 1 o'clock and the other at 4, and the charge of one shilling admitted the payer to both. The quality and quantity of the viands made one wonder how they could be supplied for the money. Most obliging and attentive waitresses were found in the persons of Mrs. and Misses Schoenfeldt (two), Mrs. and Miss Hoffmann, Mrs. S. Hoffmann, Mrs. Helmich, Mrs. Hertwick, Mrs. Muller, Mrs. Rahn, and Mrs. Runge, besides whom there were a number of other willing helpers. The interior of the building had been most profusely decorated for the occasion, and the tasteful intermingling of flowers and ferns and greenery, with a judicious intermixture of designs worked in coloured paper by Mr. C. A. Kruger, of Mutdapilly, pro duced a very pleasant effect. After the first meal had been partaken of, the ceremony of dedicating the church was entered upon. Pastor Becker, F.B.U., of South Brisbane, opened the proceedings by repeating the dedication-" In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Then the congregation joined in singing the hymn "Praise ye the Lord, the Almighty, the King of Salvation." Pastor Sülkmann, of Waterford (President of the United German and Scandinavian Synod of Queensland), handed the key of the new church to Pastor Becker (who is in charge of the. parish), naming the church as he did so "The German Lutheran Bethlehem Church of Stone Quarry." Pastor Sülkmann conducted the consecration ceremony, assisted by the synod- ical clergy. He based his remarks on Psalm cxix., 90 and 97. In the course of his address, he stated that the old church was not a very nice structure, and that the new one was a great improvement on it, and far more beautiful than he expected it would be. He hoped that the congregation would attend regularly and in large numbers to hear God's pure true word, than which God forbid that anything else should be preached in that House of God. He then exhorted the assemblage not only to attend the services, but also to talk to each other afterwards about what they had heard, and to act on the teaching of the Word. Liturgy was held by Pastor Becker, after which Pastor Goessling, of Laidley, delivered an address from Acts ii., 42, illustrating from the practices of the early apostles how the congregation should observe the doctrines and ordinances of the Lutheran Church. Prayer and the pro nouncing of the benediction by Pastor Becker brought this part of the proceedings to a close. The clergymen present were Pastors Sült mann (president), Becker, Peterson, Prenzler, Koehnke, Holtermann, Heise, and Frank. During the afternoon and evening the young people indulged in the innocent forms of amuse ment common to such occasions; and, though a number of the visitors left shortly after 4 o'clock, a great many remained till a later hour. Altogether, an enjoyable time was spent. 