A MODERN GHOST STORY. . from . the spirit-world is rata aild Itfr. AV.'T. Stead is not diie of those persons who. iu presence of a sup-% posed ghoatly^commuaication can Deep ; themselves calm and entirely rational. ~7 Ho hos not that safeguard of caustic- -wife which J>ean Ramsay ascribes to .a certain'" Scotch minister, who, -when told by two. hnpudenii young men as a piece 1 ofintelligence from' the nether . world that " thB Devil was dead,?! replied r~" "9xe.11 ? M»auh pray for twa faither Icbs haii-ni!" If or. could the neurotic Journalist tolerate the. scene in the "Babes in the Wood" pantomime, in which a signboard announced that in the basement story of the ghost-world there was. "no room." . The impulsive ex Editor of the "Pall Mall Gazette" lias in his character certain points of resemblance to that of Dr. Johnson, yho so ardently ^desired to believe in the celebrated "Cock Lane Ghost" that, when the mysterious rappings. were shown to be fraudulent,-and alter che girl * \\_ai'8c!n8 ^la<i been condemned to stand in tnp pillory for her, infamous- accusation of wife murder against an honest man, he almost seemed as if belief and confidence in the reality of the- life after death were leaving him. _ Minds cast in this mould are not to lie put off with' the sort of rebuke* given in "Sartor Itesartus —"The good doctor was ghost, as regular and authentic as the heart could wish; wellnigh a million ghosts were travelling the Btrects by his side. They look upon such common places as beside the real question, and —suggesting the solicitude of Dives in the other region—ask with eagernessTFor" some evidence that the dead can and do communicate with the living, so that they may put their continued existence in the spirit world- beyond possi bility of dispute.* In more modern times even such very doubtful wit nesses as Katie King and the Daven ports have not been discredited by emi nent scientific rq^soners like Sir VVillam Crookes and Mr. Alfred Russell Wallace. The special value of certain recent admis sions of Dr. Hodgson, so far as Mr. fetead is concerned, consists in the pre vious long-continued scepticism of that gentleman, and also in the fact that he has given many years of close attention to the investigation and disproof of numberless ghost stories. ■ Johnson, Richard Hodgson is a. Doctor of Daws, not of medicine. It has often been remarked that among members of the medical profession very few exhibit nervousness concerning the possibility of disembodied spirits coming back to their former habitats and startling their late friends and acquaintances. Dr. Hodgson holds his degree from Mel bourne, where his father was a well-known importer; but he has also studied at ■Cambridge, where he was one of the enthusiastic University'Extension lectu rers of that seat of learning. Becoming interested in the work of the Psychical' ■Research Society in London, he accepted an official position on that body, and afterwards wont to Boston as its American Branch Secretary. Many of - his reports have been pub lished. - All of these prove him to be hard-headed and matter-of fact; and his patient but wholly un believing manner of investigating alleged facts relating to so- called' spiritual have often given umbrage to spiritists, theosophists, and other traus cendentalists. Seven or eight" years ago, however, ho was assured by a friend named George Pelham—who said that ho had no belief even in the possibility of a future life — that if he found after passing from this existence that lie was mistaken , he would come back, if lie could manage it, and would 'make things lively" for his sceptical friends. Pelham died suddenly in 1892, and not long afterwards he seems to have hegun the promised campaign. The fashionable way of "making things lively which prevailed among the spirits supposed to have given mani festations during the popular spiritist ex citement about twenty-five yearn ago was to project through the air flat irons, chairs and tables, or any other handy household articles, and to produce from earthly instruments — not bagpipes!— a music which was decidedly unearthly. But George Pelham's style of waking up his acquaintances is to enter with minute' precision into very-numerous details of their recollected experiences, both public and private. Through a lady medium, in the person of Mrs. Piper, and a.mysterious Dr. • Phinuit, whose postal address seems to be somewhere in the ghost world, lie has been astonishing small and select circles of his friends with the most start ling, reminiscences. Mr. Pelham is reported to have de clared in this fashion that his present embodiment is as "an astral fac-simile of the material body"—a remark which to the outsider is more suggestive of the jargon of the professional medium than of the language natural to a young man who all his life had held aloof from those circles in which such terms were used. The "astral facsimile," however, must be in some respects a perfectly materialistic concern, as it produces vibrations in the air just as they are pro duced by the ordinary human -voice, although not so intense; and, moreover, it also can view mundane spectacles "an if they were seen through a keyhole"—as eavesdroppers behold them ! All this is not so bad as the materialistic spiritism of the flatiron order; but in its essentials it involves the same kind of absurdity. When we read the declaration of the sup posed ghost, with reference to the speak ing voico of a living friend, that "Jim's voice sounds like a big .bass-drum," com pared with which the spirit's vocal efforts would be only like whispers, derision conquers gravity,; A kind of saving .clause ua Df. Hodgson's long and elaborate" communication lurks in its titled at whiob accordingly Mr. Stead is a -little bit offended, characterizing it as " effectually disguising the importance" of the paper. .This heading is Further Record of Observations <of Certain" Phenomena' Of Trance." Such a inode of. designating his contribution leaveftit openforl the reader to j ffdgeior himsblf:whether ha hey revelations the^me<Kurui jyas really uting% the knowledge :b$ the dead or that- of' the .Jpringi . y 'f"y'j&r.; . , In the latter case 1 Obviously she might have acquired her facts either by some cunning device ef. a very .ordinary- nature, or by a process analogous Ito -what is known as thought-readihgr A crucial test of a severe -characte? : would . be to demand the production of some informa tion possessed by the dfead, but not by any person lining,, and yet. capable of verification ' if true. For example, how long and ardently did thid late Baron* von Mueller desire tidings of-the fate of liis friend Lieclihardt? Where and how did that long-lost explorer, perish in the wilderness ? Probably no living person has any knowledge upon which to base an answer to these enquiries, and no medium lias ever, thrown a scintilla of light upon the mystery. Such a mode of "seeking for a sign" may perhaps b"e looked upon by Mr. Stead as , positively irreverent; but he must allow people to. judge for themselves, while they gauge his own capacity for sifting evidence by such episodes as his crusades . in favour of Matteism and several other more than doubtful "benefits" to the human species. Old- fashioned coun sellors on spiritual matters are accus tomed to base their testimony regard ing the- existence of a future state 011 much higher grounds than the flights of flatirons and feats of spirit-writing, and they do so for a very good reason. Many who have built upon such founda tions have discovered to their dismay that, when some revelation of mistake or fraud knocked away the substratum, the whole" superstructure of their religious belief fell to pieces. * It is more than probable that all the evidences of materialized spirits exist only in the . imaginations of highly sensitive persons. Dean Swift remarked that "Spirits are never seen by more than one person at a time; that is to say, it seldom happens to above one person in a company to be possessed with any high, degree of spleen or melancholy." A modern medical authority expressed the Bame idea when he asserted that spiritualistic phenomena usually aros^ from a disordered state of the digestive machinery. 