Overgrowing Her Strength. HOW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from woll-knoivn and highly-respected coloniata is always woith prinbing, and the words of Mr. George TIarner, of ' Lamingbon,' Vioboria Road, Auburn, Victoria, aro of this nature: — 'I thought I would Iobo my daughter, Miss Alice,' said MrB. Marner to our roporbor recently, 'she was overgrowing her strength. Medical mon could do nothing for her. Hore Mtaa Marnor entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and diaaater. ' I commenced, somo two years ago, to feel vory ill after roturning homo from school,' said Bho, ' I did not foul uufllcioutly unwell to take to my bed, bub experienced a continued languid fooling thit mado mo most miserable. Father took mo to seo a doctor, aud ho Baid I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myeolf. As I had no inclination to do so, bhoro was no foar of my dis obeying thia order, and I took tho 'quiuino tonic' given me, with regularity. Then I comrnuncod to fool aouto pains iu my shoulders and back, and ab nighb I could scarcely got any reat.' ' We triod every thing to inducu sloop,' intorposod Mr. Marnur, 'but it had no effect; then I couaultod a well known Collins- atroot practitioner. Ho naid my daughter wob Buffering principally from woaknesB, and advised a ohange. Hor mother took hor away for a trip to Queenfeland, but Bho roturnod lootcing worse. Sho would aleo rotch on rising in tho morning ; any food taken could not bo kept down. SholoBt Uaah and bocamo a moro ghost.' 'This timo last year,' said Mias Alioe, 'I weighed 7«t. 3lbs., now I am Oib. 7lhs.' ' A groat improvomont ; your treatment muBfe havo boon bonoflcial f' , 'No* all tho modicino I got did mo vory litblo good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Peoplo denorvo that credit. Just before tho Jubilee holidayp, last year, f/jthor bouRhb'ino a box of Dr. Williama' Pink Pilla, ab Mr. PloaBanoe's, Ohapol BGrCQE, X rauiui, vnvy uiu »«u du m»uu fjuui* v..^u a continued with thorn. It iB a long timo slnnn I dieoontinuod taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish.' ' ' And you would rooommend thorn f' ' Yea: and that strongly too,' said Mr. ATuroer, ' had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years beforo, it would havo saved, me a hundred pounds. ' i * - Parents sfcouM ihinh over Ms— good health and a hundred pounds saved,, . ':,.,.. :, It, ia undisputed that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills build up the onnatitutlon, strengthen tho systutn, onrioh tho blood, and improve tho bialn. Thoy are a ooi tuiti ourn for indlgondon, plmplop, Bkin diaoiisoB, liver and kidnoy troublcu, blliotisuoss, aniomln, Bleoplenauesi', ilioumatlBin. lumbago, loan of phynio'il Htreni'th, nuumlgin, all fomalo irrpgularitioB, dobility, Biek hoiidnohp, loon of vital forcen, «o. Obtainable' from nil ohi'iiiiuts and dnalors, or from tho Dr. Wllliamn Mudiolno Co., Queon'u Place, Sydn»y, who will forward aix boxen for 15a ad, or ono box for 2a OJ, poat frao. All who havo travelled by tho MemiaKorinn Marltlmoa (Fronoh Mail) boatu am loud In their pi-aiBcn of thooomFort.oivillty.and oxeollontmUBino met with. Seo Hat of onilimifl in thoimomimnH, nnii wrlto for partlcularn to Compnuy'u Offloe, Queen d corner, Pitt atrcot, Sydnoy. 'l'ruiao la tho trlbubn ot mnn, bufc felicity Uio nift oE God.' Bo wrote Daoon iu roforrinir to Quoon EliBttboth. Pralso is thu tributo paid to ' Sigma tobaoooandthofoliaityi8inthosmokiaBorit. 2017 