TOPICK OF THE WEEK (Br Otb Melbouexe Coebesposdest.) MelboCHSE, Monday. the convention. Eight days have the Convention delegates labonredy wid it cannot truthfullv be said that they have got much " forrarder.' For, althoneh the Questions of the treatment of aliens and provision of old age pensions have been dealt with, they are very likely to be re -committed ou the third reading of the bill — if that stage is ever reached. Then there is that vexations rivers control sub ject, about the settlement of which hope is faint indeed. A conference of delegates of the three colonies interested came to nothing, nor is it likely that either side will give way when the matter comes up again for re-dis- enssion. Mr. Reid and some of his Minis terial colleagues would probably be more conciliatory were it not for the circumstance that they are on the eve of a general elec tion in New South Wales ; consequently the " Prime Minister Mas he is called) of that colony is afraid to commit himself for fear the bulky Mr. Lyne will return with a sub stantial grievance to the Cornstalks. Thus do the considerations of place and play ob tain far and away above thoughts and desires for Federation. Melbonraians have wearied already of the Conven tion and its doings and sayings. Who cares a jot about an animated discus sion as to whether a sub- section shall be altered to provide for insertion of the word "or77 for "and," or something equally technical and dreary, Tbe ideas of the man in the street put the attitude erf the public towards the Convention briefly and pointedly — "Of course, we'd like to have Federation, and we know that there is a deal of work about it, but we don't want to be bored by details. Who's going" to win the next test THE PERSONNEL OF THE DELEGATES. Somehow a near view of and acquaintance with the Convention delegates divests them of the glamour of glory which surrounded them as we read of the proceedings in Adelaide and Sydney. When all's said and done, there are only about a score of men among the fifty who are worth very much. For instance, of tbe Westralians, Sir .John Forrest is the solitary individual who lifts up a raucous voice in the wilderness of talk, and he is not any very great shucks. They must be a rather forlorn crowd of politicians over West, if Sir John is the "daddy of the lot." The Tasmanians are an equally colour less contingent, and it is no wonder the BulU tin has termed that colony the "Land of Sleep-a-Lot." Sir Edward Braddon is re markable chiefly for his poetical-looking head and his lack of originality, while Mr. Dobson, probably the brainiest of the de tachment, is also the most bilious. South Australia has a strong quintette in Messrs. Symon, Gordon, Glynn, Kingston, Cock- burn and Holder. Of these Messrs. Symon and Glynn are the most prominent, the former's clear voice and incisive style being very attractive ; while the latter has a rich, large brogue which could be severed with a tobacco knife. Messrs. Eeid, M'Millan, Wise, O'Connor, and of course, Mr. Barton, constitute the mother colony's chief talent ; as the Hon. 4 ' Cow-Merchant" Bninker is still absent on leave, it is impossible to say whether he can add to the strength of the party. For Victoria, Mr. Higgins un questionably stands well in the forefront, with Sir George Turner, Mr. Isaacs and Mr. Deakin close up in the order named. Mr. Trenwith is not the success one might think, for although his matter is usually first-class, he lias a manner of delivery (well-known to Hamiltonians) which will always militate against him. But there is far too much talk, and all to no purpose, as delegates know precisely how they are going to vote, and oratory does not influence them in the least. the a.n. a. fete. Australian Natives had their customary day out on the 26th, and basked in the ap proving smiles of Vice-Regality and the makers of the Commonwealth Constitution. It was the usual gigantic fete , with the usual gigantic art-union — cum — lottery, cycle races — and b&nqnet.; The banquet must not be forgotten, for it is then that the Australian kangaroo rises on his tail and spouts boastfully of what a fine fellow he is. On the last occasion, however, the talk was monopolised by the Governor, tbe Chief Justice, the Premiers and several other high and mighty personages, who made presumably funny speeches, and laughed consumedly at each other's feeble jokes. That is, all except the doleful Sir Edward Braddon, who was a ghost at the feast, and could not be induced to smile. I think 1 have discovered the reason of Sir Edward'6 painful solemnity ; he is oppressed by the fact that he is a brother to the cele brated novelist, who has used him as a character in more than one of her books. The bicycle racing was by far a more enter taining part of the A.N.A. fete than the banquet, for there were gathered together probably for the last time this season all the leading craclra. Walne, the Queenslander, again demonstrated his superiority by an nexing the Gold Stakes, the first prize for which will make a tidy addition to his balance at the bankers. Cycling is a good game for a first-class man, and I should think Walne has in the past four months won a tremendous amount of money. " Tremendous " is a, relative term, of course, but in this case it must mean over a thousand pounds, besides a couple of prizes which bring in each a fiver a week to the lucky one. L. M. Jackson, winner of the Great Wheel Race, is a young fellow who has only been thirteen months on the track, and can now afford to rest comfortably for eight or nine months. Still I wouldn't advise any Hamilton boys who fancy their pedalling to take up tne sport as pros. A number of really good men ride in every race from beginning to end of the season, and secure nothing more substantial than an occasional nasty mil for their pains. the bcsh fire fund. It is rather sign ficant that the Arytts has intimated than more than enough money has | been received for the relief fond established for the sufferers by the Uippsland bosh fires. At first thought, it would seem that the amount collected, large as it is, would hardly suffice to go round and give every one of the unfortunates a decent dole. But there is something deeper than this. It is ehrewdly suspected that certain un scrupulous individuals, who know a thing or two even if they are bushwhackers, are mean enough to make money if they can while the fire burns. That is to say, some settlers whose bark huts are of no conse quence, are actually setting fire to their holdings, first, iD order to get their land cleared cheaply and efficiently, and secondly in the hope of being able to draw a "divvy" from the relief fnnds. Possibly they are no worse than the enterprising shopkeeper, who, when he has a small fire on his premises, announces next week a clearing sale at enormous sacrifice of salvage goods, " slightly damaged." This person doesn't inform his customers that the slight damage has been skilfully caused by the free application of a boss to the articles in the back-yard, but perhaps tba omissinn is due to forgetfulness. Now that the bush fires relief fund has practically dosed, per haps the charitable will give a little more attention to the cases of the widows and chil dren of the poor fellows who lost their lives in the tunnel accident at South Yarn. A committee of the MetropoUtan Board of Works, in a burst of generosity resolved to recommend a gratuity of £50 to Inspector Massop's widow, but later on found that this was not legal So the wijlow will get nothing but expressions of sympathy which are cheap and intangible. It has been left to Canon Tucker, of South Ysrra, to collect eubseriptions for the ppor women and youngsters who mourn the untimely end of husbands and fathers, the Mayor of Mel bourne evidently considering the matter as one entirely beneath his notice. There's no honour or glory in it 1 yZWSPAPEB KUKKEBS. Gity news runners are a very much im- proved class of boys lately— thanks to tbe efforts of the Try Societies and kindred organisations. It . has been the fashion among certain dyspeptic folk to abase the newspaper-seller, who roais loudly lu yoer ears, and worries you to buy a corny At -the evenin' paper. Stories Are regularly toti -W. the eonntryman who is vidtunised by get ting an old paper instead ri that evening's edition ; of the tntBuspeetiiig old gent, who holds ihe boy'e bundle whfle the littie bare- footed one scampers off for change, end saner returns, and bo on-.Bqt.fiy Exchange. Dee to the Try SccrCties, the boys have places wherein to assemble during the evenings, and pass a profitableoonple ri hoars at mental and physical exercises. There is a yonngand premising journalist in tbe city who wu once a fferala boy, and whose proudest boast it is that be worked bis way up from that lowly position. Quite a number of happy, well-paid mechanics in the city owe their rise in the world to the asostaneeri the TrjSocieUe One seldom in pitch and ton or cards, as was the wont of many ri them a dozen years ago or more. "Cat," a game having a shadowy resem blance to golf, is tbeir principal amusement, while awaiting the various editions, ' and superfluous pennies are too precious for the purchase of ice creams to be used in pitching. And they are generous, too, these gamitu. Quite a tidy little sum was raised by means of their " browns," " th rummers," and tanners" for the relief fond established in connection with the recent bnsh fires, and on ether occasions foi various objects the street arabs have subscribed, considering their Bleeder resources, most liberally. 