The Evening Meeting. The evening meeting began with a good congregation, which almost filled the area and the first gallery ; a larger audience, however, was expected, and, probably, had the gathering been an- ( nounced as a ' demonstration ' instead ? of a ' convention,' the whole building . would have been filled. The President ? of the General Conference, Rev. H. T. ; Burgess, again presided, and was sup- ; ported on the platform by Revs. Geo. James (President of Primitive Metho- 1 dist Intercolonial Conference), E. J. j Rodd (President N.S.W. Wesleyan Con- j ference), E. W. Briscombe (President 1 of United Free Methodist Conference), j R. Bavin, W. W. Rutledge, Dr. Sellors, 1 the Hon. Jas. Blanksby, Messrs. R. S. ] Callaghan, J.P., and W. Robson, J.P. j The Rev. Geo. James led in prayer. 1 The chairman then read a congratula- ] tory message from the Sydney Western 1 Suburbs Ministerial Association, ex- ] pressing a hope that there would be 'a - speedy consummation of the efforts of ] the convention to attain Methodist j Union.' The Rev. W. Alfred Langs- j ford, President of the South Australian j Wesleyan Methodist Conference, and 1 also of the Methodist Federal Council 1 of that colony, had requested Mr. Bur- ] gess to convey cordial and fraternal 1 greetings to the convention, and to say that Methodists in South Australia ? sympathised most heartily with the object of that and similar gatherings, 1 trusted they would be the occasion of ; very great blessing, and hoped the time 1 would soon come when the Methodists ( of the whole of Australia would be one. ; The Right Hon. Chief Justice Way, of 1 South Australia, had also written to him in these terms : — ' I wish you a pleasant journey to Sydney, a good time whilst you are there, and at Newcastle, and a safe return. I envy you the privilege of being present and taking part in the United Conventions of Methodists at Sydney and Newcastle. They ought to kindle a flame which will cause all difierences and the last' vestage of timidity to melt away, and to give you a foretaste of what may be expected when Methodist Union is accomplished, and of the joys ef heaven itself. Please give my love to my friends of every branch of Methodism in New South Wales. To me they are one grand brotherhood, and I have the most grateful memories of their hospitality and kindness.' Speaking for himself the President said that it was a great pleasure for him to be there. He felt that there was no work in which he could engage in the official position which he held that would be more in harmony with the mind and will and sentiments of the General Conference than a meeting like that. They were not there to 'advocate' Methodist Union ; and he was glad of it. They had got beyond that. .The General Conference did not ' advocate ' Methodist union any more. It just arranged for it. They were just going on with the work. That was the position they ought to realise they stood in ; and there they were doing what they could for the development of that without which union would be but a failure ; endeavouring to promote the spirit of unity which would go with the bond of peace. They realised this as Methodists — that they had a grand common heritage, and they stood on common grounds in regard certain great fundamental principles. They all in herited from their founder and thu origin of Methodism certain things from which they had never deviated — certain great distinctive principles which were not found in other communions which they all had in common. There was the evangelistic spirit. Then Metho dism was always a converting and wit nessing fellowship. The Connexional spirit characterised every branch of Methodism. The itinerant system was peculiarly theirs, and all along the line'' of Methodist history there had been the recognition of the function and place of the laity. These features differentiate Methodism from all other communions, and he felt that they together formed a firm basis upon which to build the Methodist Church of the future. It had been charged against them that they cared only for the souls of men. If that were true, then they had departed from the old spirit. The original rules, signed by John and Charles Wesley declared that the function of Methodism was ' doing good to the bodies and the souls of men.' He believed the charge was not true. They had always shown a living interest in everything which makes for social amelioration. If they were anxious for men to occupy ' mansions in the skies ' they were also intensely anxious for them to be com fortable in their cottages down here. If they wanted them to wear the ' white robe ' by-and-bye, they also desire them to have the privilege of a clean shirt here. That Methodism had taken its full share in all moral progress, could be seen by their interest in the young people of the Church In regard to the temperance question and gambling they had clean hands. These things of which he had spoken were abiding principles in all branches of Methodism, and they show a unity of purpose and activity which guarantees succession in the future. So long as as we main tain these principles of our Church, the business of which is to care for the bodies and the souls of men, so long will : the good hand of God be with us. After the singing of the hymn ' On ward Christian Soldiers'' the Hon. Jas. 1 Blanksby, M.L.C., spoke on Metho dism and Christian Citizenship. Mr. 1 Blanksby, who was well received, said, it was no reflection on any of the other Chnrches to say that Methodism : had always been pre-eminently the church of the masses. Conversion upon which Methodism had always insisted was in many cases the cause of mental awakening. A sense of the need of education, a holy sense of dissatisfaction with themselves had been created in days gone by and often in middle life the Methodists of the last generation had set about the task of self-education ; they had educated their children well, and the church as a church had empha sised the need of education. She had been rewarded. She has seen her sons take a large and honorable place in civic and even Imperial government. Good citizenship cannot be built up apart from true education. Then was it not true that we had always put great emphasis on good living. We had been almost puritanic. He remembered when he entered the ministry years ago, he had been enjoined by an old rule to wear his hair in a modest and unworldly way. Methodism had always insisted on non conformity to the world, and if the only condition of joining the Church was ' a desire to flee from the wrath to come ' the condition of continuance in Church membership was — good works. These principles made good citizens. A true church must place high value on man, as man , believing that manhood con ferred the dignity of priesthood on every believer. Every man was equal before God in privilege and opportunity. The family altar was a Methodist institution and duty, hence they bad always been anti-sacerdotal. They had only recognised the aristocrasy of good ness and service. This was the spirit of Methodist polity, and it could not but make for the enfranchisement of the working man, and the uplifting of the democracy. In political things the church's province was clearly defined. It was the work of the Church to say, what reforms are necessary, and the business of the legislator to carry them out. He had heard it said that it was the sole business of government to ' protect property,' but it was not so. It was the duty of Government to protect and care for human life, which was the true wealth of the State ; to see that the masses of the people had a decent chance to live happily. The doctrine enunciated by the great Scottish bard was the correct one : ' Ill fares the land to hasten ills, and prey Where wealth increases and where men decay.' Human law must be made to harmonize with divine law the laws of the ' Ser mon on the Mount.' At present we were confronted with drink traffic and the gambling curse. He believed that the gambling craze was largely caused by the tyranny of monopoly which is widening the breach between the very rich and the poor.' The people's heri tage of land had been alienated, and it was harder on that account for men to secure competency. The Church in the future would have to face the problem of unconditioned landownership. This evil was now to be extended to New Guinea. It would press harder and harder until it became one of the problems to be solved by Christian citizens. After the singing of another hymn, the Rev. E. J. Rodd, President of the Wesleyan Conference, to whom had been, allotted the subject 'The Connexional Spirit,' was well received. He said, . ' The connexional spirit in its broader meaning is equivalent to the -denomi- national spirit, and that means an avowed preference for someone denomi nation. Denominationalism in excess becomes sectarianism, and some in their avoidance of sectarianism go to the opposite extreme and become religious cosmopolites. But a man can get more spiritual good for himself and do more for the cause of God by uniting himself to some denomination. The denomina tional spirit means pride in our denomi nation. Methodists should be proud of Methodism. They have nothing to apologise for, but a good deal to be proud of. Methodism is well-born. It was born 'not of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.' It - was a descent of the reviving and con verting power of God which brought ifc into existence. Methodism has a good reputation. God has used it to do a great work, and because of that it has a worthy history. It has been said that Wesley brought nothing new into the ology, all he brought was a little fire. But that was just what Pentecost brought. It is that spark of Pentecost fire which has given Methodism its honourable record. The denominational spirit means belief in our denomination. Methodists should believe in Methodism. We must have a whole-souled belief in Methodism or it will not do much for us, nor we for it. We should, with all our heart believe in the Mission of Methodism to these times. Faith in the great Head of the Church, first, and then faith in our Methodism as an instrument He designs to use for the advancement of His Kingdom. Our history warrants such a faith. Methodism influenced for good the, social ferment in England at the close of the last century, it affected beneficially the rise of American democracy. Has it not a mission to the social ferment of these times, and a part to play in the shaping of the new democracy ? Let this become a conviction of the Metho dist people and the force of it will enable Methodism to accomplish its mission. The denominational spirit means that we stick to our denomination. Methodists should stick to Methodism. We have heard 'adherents' sarcastic ally spoken of as those who stick to Methodism as barnacles to the ship, impeding its progress. Methodists must stick to the ship, not as barnacles do, but as British sailors stick to the ship when it is going into action. There are influences tending to loosen the attachment of our young people to Methodism. One of these is education, another is social. University education in some cases creates a distaste for our forms of service, and doubt about some of our teachings. What is heard and seen in social circles beyond Methodism, sometimes leave young Methodists to look disparagingly upon . their own church. Methodism is their home, and they should cherish the sentiment of love for home. Matters of individual task might be submitted to a recog nition of the sacred obligations of home. Our denomination is a connexion. Methodism was not built to a plan. The spirit of Methodism has determined the form which it has taken. The principle of connexionalism is 'All for each and each for all,' and the con nexional spirit is the spirit which recognises this principle and conforms to it. What are the special benefits of connexionalism ? It means the circulation of the life of Methodism throughout the body and its distribution to the extremities. And small and re I mote circuits may not be very vigorous, but they could not exist at all if they | (Continued on page 11.) (Continued from page --.) Sf ? were not part of a Connexion. Such at ?places secure a higher average of pulpit ra ability and ministerial work than they cc , would have as isolated churches. Our history in the colony shows the adapta- 0{ bility of our system to poor and scattered j ?communities. It is our connexionalism , which has enabled us to extend our ' work as we have done, and to sustain where we have extended. °' tr What are the demands of connexional- , ism ? What are our obligations to it ? ^ The Connexion contributes to the benefit of every circuit, and every circuit should w ?contribute to the good of the Connexion. r£ It is to be feared this is not recog- i ni nised as it ought to be. We are c- :in danger of shrinking from con- w nexionalism into Congregationalism, w The symptoms are seen in the op- ci position to the connexional funds, c] ?evasion of connexional regulations, and ^ indifference to connexional movements. 8. Men who throw up their offices because ?Conference has not done the thing their ?circuits wanted, show a spirit which ?certainly is not connexional. To have the Connexional Spirit is a b rmatter of the first importance to 0 Methodism. Our system is an extensive ?and elaborate piece of machinery. If 'there is not sufficient driving power, machinery may become a cause of ® trouble and danger. When the seas have put out the fires in the engine- v jroom, the machinery of the great steam- f- ship only makes her position more a ?critical. Our connexional machinery v will be an advantage to us so long as ii we have connexional spirit enough to v ?drive it. The Connexional Spirit is a needed to make us equal to the a ?opportunities of our times. We have important connexional schemes under j '? bur consideration . W e are contemplating -aggressive connexional movements. But ' unless we have behind these a wave of 'tha Connexional Spirit they cannot be 4 successfully floated. I I How can the Connexional Spirit be r promoted ? Let our people read t Methodist literature. We might upon ?occasional Sunday evenings speak upon , the noble characters and stirring events that have made Methodist history. * ?Conventions of this kind might be held * in our country centres. We want to 1 make Methodism known, to show from J its literature what it is, what it has ' ?done, and may by God's grace do again. ] In this manner let us strive to make our ] people proud of Methodism, get them \ ?convinced that it has a great mission, j and get them consecrated to the work j ? of fulfilling it. ( At this point the collection was taken - up, during which the Central Mission -choir and orchestra rendered the anthem ' Ascribe unto the Lord,' under the ? conductorship of Mr. W. I. B. Mote. The Rev.E. W. BriBcombe was then called ' upon to speak on ' Pentecostal Methodism.' He said that on Friday last he went down ? to the wharf and saw the s s. Orient, and -could see from her smoking funnels that power was being generated, and yet she lay -there like a huge log. He knew that she i had 24 fires and three massive engines -with a capacity of 4000 horse power aboard, and yet there she lay, for she was only making enough power to generate electricity and work the donkey engines on her decks. But next day she was ready to commence 'her voyage ; she got up a fall head of ?steam, and then there was power enough not only to light her from stem to stern and ? drive her donkey engines, but also to drive her against wind and tide at rapid pace through the surging billows towards her ? distant goal. Now, Sir, as she was at the wharf, so it was with the disciples before Pentecost, and so it is with many of the ? disciples to-day who live on the wrong side -of Pentecost. We must bear in mind that while the baptism of Pentecost in its ?measuxe stands alone in human history, present-day Christians are encouraged by -Christ to ask for and expeot enduement with power from on high. The operations \- of the Spirit may vary while the reality of His energy abide. We dishonour the iviour when we speak of the Holy Spirit i a historic fact, or theological dpgma, ,ther than a livifig person whose all inquering aid it is our privilege to have. fhat was and is Pentecost but the evidence : Christ's triumph? He has died and sen again ; ,He has conquered sin and jath and hell, and has ascended unto the ather and taken His seat upon the throne : universal power in token of eternal' iumph, and Pentecost is the evidence a earth that Christ has conquered and iat CbriBt reigns ; and when, in accordance ith His command, the waiting disciples iceived the promised power, they became bw creations in Christ Jesus — they became jnquerora; fear, dread, timidity, cowardice, ere all gone, and that handful of men and 'omen, from praying in that upper roomi ime forth in the power of the Holy Ghost, lothed with the very majesty of God, to j irn the world upside down ; came forth to peak the word with power, to face trial and iffering and persecution, and even death, 'ithout fear and without flinching. 'And ae word grew and was multiplied, and the iord added to them daily those that were eing saved.' Here then was a supreme bject lesson for us, instead of looking to loquent lecturings and ornate ritual, to big rowds and Gothic architecture, to finished inging and pleasant thiB and pleaBant thatj st us to our knees iD intense, expectant waiting upon God. Instead of trying to arce the gospel ship through stormy waters nd adverse currents by manual labour, pith furnace cold and steam shut off, astead of trying to do the work of Pentecost without the power and spirit of Pentecost, ,nd then bemoaning our slow progress, and Jmost thinking in our secret hearts that he Gospel has lost its native power — that )avid's sling is of no use in our modern warfare — that the sword of the Spirit has ost its keen edge, and that the men of o-day can only be moved by the gentle iressure of social eyolution, or by the more jowerful propulsion of political and com nunistic rovolution, let them get back to -he surer and safer methods of the apostolic jhurch, and of their old-fashioned Methodist 'athers and brothers. Let them' listen to ;he voice of Jesus ; let them tarry upon iheir knees, and wait until they have received the enduement of power' from on aigh — the baptism of fire. Dr. Clifford says, 'Every Christian church needs glow, passion, fire, if it is to save 'men. Gospel preaching began with men on whom rested tongues of fire. The symbol was a prophecy and a revelation, it foretold brilliant success, it disclosed the methods by which it is secured. The Holy Ghost was. a baptism of fire in and through the tongues of the Apostles on the day of Penteaost, anc thousands repentant for sin surrenderee themselves to God, and became eager tc teach aud preach in the name of the Lore Christ. The Church must have earnest ness, intensity, enthusiasm, soul-fire, if it is to bring the world to Jesus, and be truly Pentecostal.' These things have been and should be characteristic of Methodism. She is a beautiful ship, every line a line of beauty, her very keel was laid to music, and beam, and plank, and mast ant spar, were set to Bacred melodies whicl Btirred the fervent piety of . thi builders as they worked and sang, and she is a thing of joy, of harmony, of melody, of beauty, and they rejoiced also in the evidences of the grander . possession, the possession of the power from on high. 159 years ago that Upper Room Lovefeast in Fetter Lane, of which Whitfield speaks as ' a Pentecostal season,' became a place of fire baptism, and the two Wesleys and Whitfield went forth in the strength of the Pentecostal power. With no new truths to declare, no sensational gospel of their own to preach, but brushing aside the dust and cobwebs and letting the light and fire of the Holy Ghost vivify and illminate, they burnished up old truths and made them live by the Spirit's power, And the old gospel became mighty through God the Holy Ghost, on the heaven-inspired lips the message of salvation swept like a might nfluence over the United Kingdom, the i soul-stirring words touched the hearts of men and changed their natures ; strings were swept by hands unseen, fountains long dry were broken up and tears of penitence flowed forth, the scoffer was arrested, the oath died on the lips of the blasphemer, the infidel was discomforted and cried out for God, the man who came to revile remained to pray, 'I came,' said one' 'to break his head and he has broken my heart,' and so Methodism — Pentecostal Methodism — spread, each pardoned one going as a live coal from off the altar intent on kindling some other heart and setting a fire aflame which earth and hell may strive but strive in vain to extinguish, this Methodism is ours, ours to possess to-day, ours to exert in Australia. The sun could make no portrait unless the substance to receive it had been prepared. Chemistry must make the plate ready, just so the Holy Spirit can only work through prepared and willing instru ments The Divine power is ours according to the energy of our desires and the fidelity of our use. The annals of the Church show a succes sion of victories that carry with them the stamp of final triumph. The relapses, defeats, scandals, and divisions, that have torn the Church, are as nothing compared with the growth and influence of the Church from the hour of its inception. This history, the golden page of all histories, is written with the tears of saints and with the blood of martyrs, and punctuated with the prayers of believers. This ought to be an inspira tion to triumphant endeavour, and allcon quering faith. There had been an ebb and flow pf result and achievement, just in pro portion to the rise and tall in the apprecia tion and appropriation of the Pentecostal power, but there was no chronicle of per manent defeat, no dire disaster ; there was no warrant for sadness. Victory was its keynote and victory was itSichorua. Christ is for all the ages, and Pentecost is for to-day. If we believe in Him, if His mind is in us, if He be formed in our hearts, if the fire of the Divine burns clearly there, the age will find in Pentecostal Christianity the antidote for its troubles, and in Jesus, the Saviour from its sins, By the power of the Holy Ghost let them meet the world's restlessness with the peace of God, , its scepticism with a loving faith that walks with God and endures as seeing Him that is invisible, its covetousness with a life of charity, its love of pleasure by the joy of the Lord. He did not believe that Christianity had lost its power. They were met to-day with the asthmatical croak from some quarters that the Church has lost its hold, that the glory of Methodism had departed. They were told that political excitement, Sunday ex cursions, Workmen's Clubs, labour ques tions, wars, the increase of home reading, the prevalence of socialistic and rationalistic sentiment have made the Church secondary, have crippled her power and hindered her progress, that her days are numbered, and her doom is fixed. But surely that was impossible. A force, a power, which broke down Jewish prejudice and Pharisaical self-righteousness and hypocrisy and Saducean agnosticism, that cleansed the Augean stables of Paganism, that expelled its 80,000 gods from the Greek Panthon, and made the Roman Empire Christian, that in latter days saved England from a civil revolu tion and created a moral revolution, that banished cannabilism from Fiji, civilized the African and saved the Chinaman, is not going to be beaten, dishonoured, and killed by the paltry antagonism to which he had alluded. No, their fear was not from without, but from within, the danger was not in the number or strength of the foe, but in the narrowness of our faith, shutting out the possession of the power, in disloyalty to Christ, in dependence on human means and strength and wisdom and tactics, to the exclusion of His help ; venturing to fight with other weapons than the Sword of the Spirit. Christian workers have an innate feeling that the Gospel ought to succeed, that its founder intended it to triumph, and somehow bound up in it a mysterious force, which, seized and used, will turn every defeat into victory. The clearer the vision of realization of Pentecost, the deeper will that conviction become. the power they needed to-day was the power of the Holy Ghost. William Arthur says: ' The Holy Ghost is the one and only source of our power. We. want, in this age, above all wants, Fire — God's Holy Fire— burning in the hearts of men, stirring their brains, impelling their emotions, thrilling on their tongues, glowing in their countenances, vibrating in their actions, expanding their intellectual powers, and fusing all their logic, knowledge, and rhetoric into one burning stream.' This is Pente costal Methodism ; it means this in every minister and local preacher, in each officer and member. Let God outpour the Holy Ghost; be prepared vessels, and He is 'aithful that promised. ' Come, Holy Spirit, Heavenly Dove, With all thy quickening powers ; Kindle a flame of sacred love In these cold hearts of ours.' The Rev. W. G. Taylor, on behalf of the Rev. W. W. Rutledge, who was suf fering from loss of voice as the result of a heavy cold, expressed the thanks of the Federal Council to the President of the General Conference for his kindness in presiding at the Convention, as well as to others who had contributed to their instruction and profit. The Rev. H. T. Burgess briefly replied, the final hymn was sung, the Benediction was pronounced, and the Convention closed, the feeling in all hearts being one of thankfulness to God that it had been held. ? 