A Terrible Fatality. TWO CHILDREN BURNT ? TO DEATH. . A shockikg double burning accident occurred at a house situated in France? ' Street, Colling wood, on Sat ui day night last, flion two children named Wil liam and Bertie Jones, aged-4 nnd 2J years respectively met their deaths in a horrible manner. It appears that the mother put the children to bed, telling the eldest she was going to buy some marbles. A kerosnue lamp, tnrned dow low, was left burning on the top cheat of draws near a window. A few minutes aftrr Mrs. Jones had gone two constables saw flames issuing from tho room in question, and the alarm was quickly raised. Just before the fire brigade arrived a rumor flash ed through tho crowd that two child ren were in the burning house. Con stable Coakley went to the rescue. Ho endeavored to burst in the front door, but failed. ? He then tried the window, but thii time the flames had such a hold on the premises that to reicue the children was a matter of impossibility. The firemen worked vigorously, and a few minute* only elapsed before the flamei wore got under. Tho first person to discover the remains of the children was a fireman named Cognlau. lhey were lyinjj ouo at the head and the other at the foot of tho bed, and were charred beyond all recognition, their position showing that they had «ri ilently been suffocated in thoir sleep. The mother arrived shortly af forwards, and the scene thit met her eyes wan a terrible one. When tho hnsbaud came up she screamed and said 'Oh, Bill, I was only gone 10 minutss. 'Chenjthe distracted mother swooned. The housa was occupied by William Jones, a butcher's driver, who was at work at the timo of the sad affair. The fire originated by the curtains of- the window blowing ov«r a lamp and be coming ignited. His Excellency tho Governor, with tho advico of the Executivo Council, has been pleased to approve of the alteration of color of the existing six penny postage stamp from rosine to veridene green, as in its present color, it too closely resembles the current one penny stamp. A widow living at Blandford, near Murrurundi, sowed one bag of wheat last season, from which she harvested 38 bags. This return will bo hard to beat. The average yield of wheat iu Murrurundi district is. said to be over 30 bushels to the acre this season. Mr. : Basking, the exposer of 'Mrs Mellon, ' spiritualist,' in Sydney, is iu Tamworth. It is said his mission is to try and unravel the Moor Creek waterworks' ghost mystery. 