'The Kingdom of God on Earth.' ' BY FATHER JOHN RYAN, S.J. ,? The Remarkable Sermon Preached at Bishop Lanigan's Jubilee. ? ' , Part II. ' Specially Reported for 'Oatholio Press.' 'To maintain her high authority, ' ^and en forces her decrees, the Oatholio Ohuroh has neither armies, nor fleets, nor earthly weap ons. The rulers of the world, on the contrary, have all these things, and do not hesitate to use thorn when their purposes are thwarted and their pride put to shame. Farther from wondering that tho Ohuroh is opposed by the world, the wonder would bo if it were otherwise. Besides we find, that our Lord Jesus Christ took very special care to prepare His followers for this abiding opposition of the world — when found ing the Ohuroh. He made a twofold prophecy. In the first place Ho predicted in the clearest terms, that His Ohuroh would triumph over all her enemies, and would last to the end of time. 'Fear, not little flook for it hath pleased your Father to give you a kingdom, and the, gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' 'Have confidence, for I have conquered the world, I will send the Holy Ghost, the- Spirit of Truth ,to teach you all things, a'nd to abide wittf you for everj and behold I am with you all days even to tho consummation of tho world,' But side by side with those consoling propheoies we find also other prophecies of fierce opposition and violent persecution. ' Wonder not if the world hate you, for it hath hated mo before you. The servant is not greater than his master, if they have persecuted mo they will also persodute you.' 'Behold I send you as sheep in the midst of wolves, and you shall be hated by all men for my name's sake. Yea the hour oometh that whosoever killoth you will think that he doth a service to God.' Suoh then is the awful prophooy of the Son of God concerning the trials of His Ohuroh, and history proves how literally it has been fulfilled. . ' I need scarcely say that a mere outline of the trials and persecutions of, the Ohuroh1 would fill volumes. But I will ask you to call to mind one or two of tho moat remark.* able ordeals through whiah in her long history she has had to pass. Passing over tho bitter pei sedition which she suffered in her very oradle at the hands of tho Synagogue, every one knows tho deadly and protracted struggle which she had to maintain against the last of tho four Empires of tho ancient world. Tho Roman Empire at the time of which we speak was in the heyday of her glory. She was not only the greatest power in the world, but she was in a sense the only power, All other earthly powers wore dwarfed into insignificance beside her. There was nothing to check or limit her pretensions. There vvas then no inter national law, no balance of power. These, I may remark in passing, are tho results of the teaching and influence of tho Church. The Roman Eagle spread her wings over the known world of that daj\ All the nations of the earth acknowledged her supremacy, sought her friendship, and submitted to her sway. Not only was she the greatest power on earth then, but probably never since or before was there such a world-wide Empire as that of the Roman Ctesars. Now history tells us that this irighty Empire put forth all its strength to crush the Church of Christ. The most cruel and unjust laws were enacted and enforced with tho utmost vigour. Evidence and proof were dispensed with. To be a Christian was crime and proof enough to merit death in its most terrible forms. The wild passions of tho populace were fanned into flame. Every occasion was sought to set the drastic laws in motion against tho followers of Christ. If a public calamity happened ; if a pestilence broke out ; if a conflagration took place ; if the Tiber overflowed its banks ; the Christians were at once accused of bringing down the anger of ohe gods, and the cry , was raised, Christiani ad leones — to the lions ^ with the Christians. The most exquisite instruments of torture that the ingenuity of man could de vise wore invented and applied. ? Tho do tails given by the early Christian Apologists and the acts of the martyrs are enough to harrow up one's soul. But not to quote from Christian sources, let us hear the words of a Pagan historian — the vigorous, judicious and classical Tacitus. In the 15th chapter of his celebrated Annals, speaking of the punishments visited on the Christians ou the absurd charge of having burned the city of Rome, Tacitus tolls us that 'Nero in flicted the most exquisite tortures on those who under the vulgar appollation of Christians were already branded with de served infamy.' An enormous multitude of them (ingons multitudo) he 'tolls us were1 , convicted, not so much for tho crime of set ting fire to the city as for their hatred of human kind. They died in torments, and their torments were embittered by insult and dorision. Some were nailod on crosses ; others sewn up in tho skins of wild beasts, and exposed to the fury of dogsj others again, smeared over with combustible materials, wore used as torches to illumin ate tho darkness of the night. Tho gardens 'of Nero wore destined for tho melancholy spectacle, which was accompanied with a horse-race, and honoured with the presonco of the emperor, who minglod with the popu lace in the dross and attitude of a chari oteer.' And not only in the Imporial City, but throughout the world-wide Empire wore efforts made to stamp out the Christian name. The Roman Pretors and pro-Consuls and magistrates everywhere throughout tho provinces vied with each other in inflicting torture and death on tho unoffending Christians. The whole administrative power of the Empire was steadily concen trated on the work of exterminating Christi anity ; and all this went nn for 800 years, until the soil of the Empire was reddened with Christian blood, and tho quostion of the very existence of tho Ohuroh seemed to be whether she could ^suffer as long as her enemies could persecute. For a time, in deed, it seems that her enemies did think that they had succeeded, After tho Tenth Persecution, which was 'carried on under tho Emperors Dioolesiau and Maximin, in tho early years of tho fourth century, and which was tho most bloody of all, a monu ment was erected to the emperors, bearing this inscription : 'To Dioolotian, tho now Jupiter, and to Maximin, tho now Her cules, in commemoration of thoir having abolished the Ohristian name, and de stroyed tho superstition of Christ, overy where throuhout tho world.' Vain, foolish boast ! Why, this monument was scarcely completed, when tho youthful Constantino, by the sight of the glorious cross in the heavens, was converted to Ohrlstianity,{ontored Romo in triumph, and planted tho Cross of Christ on tho summit of tho Capitol. Tho mighty Roman Empire wont down before tho Ghur-oh j the Roman Eagle, tho symbol of Imporial power, gavo place to tho Cross of Christ, tho suooossor of the fisherman of Galileo established him self on the banks of tho Tibor, and rules moro subjects at tho proaont hour than over bowed to the sway of the Roman sooptro. It is certainly a remarkable coincidence, which does not' escape the notice of the infidel historian Gibbon, that the site of the Gardens of Nero, where the early Christians were lighted as lamps for the amusement of the Roman populace, is now occupied by the Basilica of St. Peters ' which far sur passes the ancient glories of the Capitol.' 'And the Christian Pontiffs,' continues this celebrated writer, 'have succeeded 'to tho throne of the Cresars, have given laws to the barbarian conquerors of Rome, and have extended their spiritual jurisdiction ' from the coast of the Baltic to the shores of ' the Pacific Ocean.' But scarcely had the Church come forth from the deadly struggle with the Roman Empire than she had to enter tho lists with another mighty power, which at first seemed to completely overwhelm her. What civilization tried in vain barbarism for a time scorned to have accomplished. Towards tho close of tho fourth century successive hordes of fierce barbarians came forth from the fastnessos of the North and poured thomsolvos like a wild tidal wave over the fair provinces of Europe. ' The savage warriors . of Scythia,' says Gibbon, ' issued forth from their forests, and spread themselves from the woody shores of Dalmatia to the walls of Con stantinople. The whole breadth of Europowna at once invaded, and occupied and desolated by, the ^ myriads of barbarians whom Attila led into the field.' Desolation and smoking ruins marked tho track of their chargers. Every landmark of the ancient civilisation, Vvas upturned. It was as if a mighty deluge had engulfed the nations of tho civilised world. . But what became of the Church during this universal uphoaval of states, kingdoms and empiros ? Did sho, too, shave the fate of tho mightiest Vorks raised by the hand of man ? Brethren, if she woro a human institution — if she had been raised by tho hand of man— she most undoubtedly would have gono down amid the universal crash. Who could doubt it ? But sho is not a human institution, and the hand that raised her and sustains her is not a human hand— it is that pierced Hand of Him, Who, as a good writer, has said, 'being the holiest among the mighty and tho mightiest among tho holy, has lifted empires ofT' their hinges, has turned tho stream of centuries out of its channel, and still governs the ages.' Not only did sho not go down, but she came forth from tho fierce struggle moro glorious than over. Sho conquered the very conquorors. Sho exhibited the traits of her divine beauty to tho fierce warriors of tho North and charmed tho very savagenoss out of thoir breasts. Thoir arms dropped from thoir hardonod hands j they foil at nor feot in admiration ; thoy became dooilo as children, and out of Ruch promising material as tho Goths, tho Vandals and the Huns, sho formed tho civilised nations of modern Europe 'The progress of Christianity,' says Gibbon, 'has been markod by two glorious and decisive victories over the loarnod and luxurious oibi/jonB of Romo and over tho warlike barbarians of Scythia and Germany, who subvorted tho Roman. Empire and embraced the religion of the Romans.' 