Forward Movement Notes. Evangelistic meetings have recently been held in two of the Brisbane circuits. Between 50 and 30 persons professed conversion. * * * The Rev. Owen S. Watkins, the young chaplain set apart to minister to the Wesleyan troops in the Soudan, proved himself a man of metal, and has been specially thanked by the Missionary Committee for his "courageous and loyal service." The Sirdar has himself also expressed his appreciation of the services rendered by Mr. Watkins. This enthusiastic "Forward-Movement Methodist " has now volunteered to act as chaplain to the Wesleyan troops stationed on the island of Crete. * * * Old-time Richmond students will be glad to hear of the noble missionary efforts of the men now in residence at their Alma Mater At the recently held Jubilee Missionary Meeting they contributed the noble sum of £618 to the Foreign Mission funds, beating all previous records by £63. * * * The East London Mission — the oldest branch of the Forward Movement Missions of the metropolis— has just com pleted the most satisfactory anniversary yet held. To give some idea of how English Methodists stand by these Missions, it may be mentioned that the following, among many other donations, towards the removal of an old debt, were announced at the meeting : — Messrs. Vanner, £250 ; Mr. R. W. Perks, M.P., £250 ; Mr. W. H. Walker, £250 ; Mr. R. D. Waller (to be paid in three years), £750; A Friend, £750; Mrs. Davies, £100 ; Mr. J. Corry, £100 ; Mr. Moxey, £100, &c;, &c.; If the Methodists of New South Wales would in this way support our own C.M.M., how light hearted would be the Committee, and what noble work could be done in this great wicked city. * * * A great national conference of Non- conformists, in connection with the Nonconformist political council, was to be held in London during this week, when such subjects as the improvement of the Education Act, and the relation between Romanising errors and practices in the State Church and Disestablish ment were to be discussed. * * * A SIGNIFICENT AND PRAISEWORTHY ACT. — We learn from recent exchanges that Mr. W. B. Park, a member of the United Methodist Free Church, has just divided among his work-people the noble sum of £20,000. That is the way in which to end the present day fued between capital and labour. * * * Josiah Nix has just held a most suc cessful mission at Kendal (Eng.) Over 200 professed conversion, and 100 signed the temperance pledge. * * * The first of the District Conventions arranged by the last Conference has been held at Cardiff. In every respect it was a pronounced success. The attendance exceeded the expectations of the arrangements committee. These gatherings of the ministers and officials of our Church for the express purpose of seeking a renewed baptism of the Holy Ghost will we prophesy eventuate in the mightiest revival witnessed in Metho dism for many years. * * * Gipsy Smith has had a good time at Old 'Wesley,' Portsmouth, over 200 con verts were returned as one result of his mission. * * * The Rev. A. R. Edgar has been busy conducting services in Ireland, after which he placed himself under a leading oculist in London. We sincerely hope he will soon be back in Melbourne, with sight fully restored, and in every respect equal to the many demands of the ' Wesley ' Mission. * * * Children's Home. — We again direct attention to the fact that next Monday afternoon the fifth anniversary drawing room will be held at the Centenary Hall. The President of the Conference will take the chair at 3 p.m. Several well known ministers and others will speak. An attractive programme of music will numerous friends of this popular branch of our work will rally up in great force. Just now the ladies need all the support that can be afforded. 