VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. NOVENA TO THE HOLY GHOST. In accordance with the command of his Holiness Leo XIII., the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, Y.G., Adm.. has issued a circular letter to the clergy of the archdiocese, directing them to announce that a public noveua to the Holy Ghost would begin iu each church on Friday. 20th inst. The rescript. was received from the Pope by his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne last year, but not in time to direct the clergy to have the noveua. Those who attend the devotions each evening, from the 20th to the 29th inst., can gain rich indulgences, and these may also be gained during the octave of i'cntecost, even by those who have already gained them during the noveua. OUR LADY, HELP OF CHRISTIANS. The feast of Our Lady, Help of Christians, occurs on Tuesday next, which will be a day of devotion. This title was added to the Litany of Loretto by Pius V. after the victory of the Christian arms over .the Turks in the Gulf of Lepanto. The feast was instituted by Pius VII. iu thanksgiving for his deliverance from captivity at Savona. Australia has been specially placed under the protection of Our Lady, Help of Christians. ST, PATRICK'S SODALITY OF THE B.V.M. The Sodality of the B.V.M. met on Friday. 13th inst. air. A. Glassborow presided', in the unavoidable absence of the prefect, Mr. J. Calder. The item for the evening was the concluding lecture by the Rev. P. Duffy, S.J., on " Reminiscences of the Crimean Campaign." The lecture proved to be the most interesting and entertaining of the series ; for more than an hour Fr. Duffy delighted his audience with reminiscences of many humorous and stirring incidents attending the closing of the campaign, and the departure of Ihe troops from the Crimea. The lecturer also paid a j ing the sick and wounded soldiers during the progress of the war. The rev. gentleman was heartily applauded at the conclusion of his address, and a cordial vote of thanks was passed to him on the motion of Mr. B. Hoare, seconded by Mr. Pitt. Fr. Duffy briefly acknowledged the compliment, and the proceedings theii terminated. ST. VINCENT'S HOSPITAL HALL. A meeting of ladies and gentlemen was held iu the Town Hall on Wednesday afternoon in furtherance of the St, Vincent's Hospital annual ball, which is fixed for the 1st June. The Mayor (Cr. M. D. M'Eacharn) presided, aud placed before the meeting a progress report of the arrangements made "by tjie' various sub-committees. From • the tenor of it success seems-assured. Further df tails in re decorations, eatWring, hn'pd. <»tc., will be furnished at tiie nest meeting of the committee. As the number of tickets in the hands of members of committee is limited, those who intend being present at the ball should provide themselves with tickets as soon as possible. ST. JOHN'S MAY FAIR. St John's May Fair, now being held in the Albert Hall, Clifton Hill, is attracting large attendances nightly. A varied programme of amusements is provided each evening. On Tuesday uiglit the Fitzroy Curlew Club gave a very pleasing entertainment. Not the least successful among the entertainers are the pupils of the Sisters of Charity attached to St. John the Baptist's school. The fair will be continued during the week, when an entire change of programme is promised. As the object for which the fair is being held is a higlilv meritorious one, it is to be hoped that the promoters will meet with that measure of success tlieir efforts deserve. We are requested to state that the art-union in connection with the fair will be drawn on the 31st inst., and holders of blocks are requested to forward them, along with remittances, not later than the 28th inst. In passing. it may be mentioned that St. John's is one of the finest parish churches of the colony, between £20.000 and £30,000 having been expended in its erection fl-ud internal fixtures. There'is .Ji ih« : a> -debt on the building. ngCl "'^rcise wlw^ //love the beauty of (fod's House" have an opportunity, .of 'nrt'tfviHg tlfetr flevotion and geitowttH-ty by- l$piug da\the fair and art-rtuiOn. "•/ } j PRESENTATION TO^H REV., O. S'HEBHAN. On Wednesday, 11th Itfst^e'Rev.' C. Sheehau. formerly rector of St. Brendan's, Flemington, was presented, •at Gisborne, with a purse containing £71 10s, by Mrs. Kenney, on behalf of the ladies of the Flemington parish. SACRED HEART LADIES' COLLEGE, WINDSOR. Three pupils from this college went up for the late examinations of the Victorian Musical Association, and the whole three passed, each of them with credit. Their names are Misses Florence Dunley, May Bourke, and Stella Hokin. who are to be presented with certificates on the 28th inst. The Presentation nuns of the Sacred Heart Convent may be very justly congratulated on this additional proof of high qualifications for the good work to which they are devoted. GEELONG. (From our own Correspondent.) On the 12th inst. there died at the Convent, of Our Lady of Mercy, Mary (in religion Sister Mary Meclitildes), eldest daughter of the late Joseph Henry. The deceased nun, who was a native of Geelong, made her religious profession at the local convent seventeen years ago. On 13tli inst. the Office for the Dead and Requiem High, Mass were celebrated at the convent for the repose of her soul. There were present the Very Revs. Dean M'Kenna, V.G., Adm., Archdeacon Slattery, V.G., J. Ryan, S.J., Revs. E. O'Brien, J. Norris, W. Ganly, M. Fouhey, J. J. Egan, J. Byrne, and J. Collins. The Requiem Mass was sung by Dean M'Kenna; deacon, Fr. Egan; subdeacon, Fr. O'Brien ; master of ceremonies, Fr. Norris. TJie absolution at the catafalque was pronounced by the Archdeacon. Subsequently the funeral cortege, which |vas a large and representative one, and included the convent Children of Mary, formed iu order, the nuns and convent school children following the remains to the convent gates. Thence it proceeded to the cemetery, where Dean M'Kenuq, read the burial service. 